Archive-name: Amazon/dominat.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Domination


I got up to answer the knock at my door.  I'm forty years old,
with no excess fat and fair muscle definition, around six feet
tall.  I was dressed in workout shorts and a tee shirt.  I
opened the door to a woman I had never seen before.

I'd guess that she was about thirty years old, maybe a little
less.  She had blonde hair tied back in a ponytail that reached
midway down her back.  She had a very attractive face, and I
noticed that her gray eyes were nearly level with mine.  She was
wearing a loose black sweatshirt and floppy gray sweatpants.

"Hi," she said, "I just moved in next door and I can't find the
box I left my tools in.  I was wondering if you have a hammer I
could borrow."

"Sure," I replied, "come on in while I get the tool box.  Are
you sure a hammer will be enough?"

"Well, I might need a screwdriver too," she answered.

"OK, I'll just let you borrow the whole tool box.  Make yourself
comfortable."  I went out to get the tools.  When I got back she
was glancing at my Gold's Gym - The Women calendar.

"Here's the tool box," I said.  "Just bring it back when you're
done."

"Thanks a lot!  Now I can get some stuff hung up."  She lifted
the tool box easily with her left hand and held out her right. 
"My name's Libby Stone."

"I'm Jimmy Smith," I said as we shook hands.  I noted that her
hands were quite large for a woman's, and she wore no rings. 
Her palm was slightly callused and her grip was firm.

Thanks, Jimmy Smith.  I'll bring these back soon."

"No hurry," I replied.

I talked to the building superintendent the next day and learned
that Libby Stone had bought the condo next door to mine and that
she was living there alone.  I like to be friendly with my
neighbors, so I decided to find out if she might like to go out
to dinner.  You never know what might happen, maybe something
would come of it.

The next weekend Libby returned my tools.  She was still dressed
in floppy sweats.  I asked if she'd like to go out to dinner. 
"No, not tonight.  I'm still pretty bushed from moving in."

"Tell you what.  I've been known to cook up some pretty good
spaghetti sauce.  Why don't you stick around and we can eat and
relax?"

"That sounds pretty good," she replied, "but only if I
contribute something.  I've got a nice bottle of wine I can
bring over."

So I started on the sauce and Libby brought over a bottle of
pretty good red wine.  She sat in the kitchen while I cooked and
we talked while the sauce was simmering.

"I notice you have a lot of fitness magazines around," she said.
 "You look like you're in pretty good shape."

"Thanks," I said.  "I like to stay healthy."

"Yeah, me too.  I also noticed that calendar of yours.  Tell me,
do you like the way women look when they have muscles?"

"Yeah, I do.  I mean, all women have muscles, I think that if
they want to develop them, it makes them look great."

"Ever fantasize about wrestling with a strong woman?" she asked,
with a strange look on her face.

"Yeah, sometimes," I said, taking a sip of my wine.  "Why do you
ask?"

"Oh, no particular reason," said Libby.  "Gee, that sauce smells
great.  How soon do we eat?"

Libby gave every appearance of enjoying the pasta, eating three
helpings.  Between us we finished off the wine she had brought,
so I opened a bottle I had in the cabinet and we relaxed on the
couch.  I learned that Libby was older than I thought, a year
older than myself.  We got along pretty well, but pretty soon
(too soon for me), Libby excused herself and went back to her
own place.  I sat for a while and decided that I'd ask Libby out
again soon.

The next weekend I knocked at Libby's door.  "Oh, hi!  Sorry for
the way I look, I've been working out a little."  She mopped
away the sweat on her face with a towel.  "What can I do for
you?"

"I just wondered if you'd like to do dinner tonight," I said.

"Tell you what, why don't you come over here for dinner tonight?
 I've got a casserole in the oven, and it's more than I can eat."

"Well, I really wanted to take you out, but that casserole
smells pretty good."

"Great!  Why don't you stop by about six?" Libby said.  "I'll
have something really special for dessert."

I went back at six, carrying a bottle of wine.  I enjoyed the
dinner, but I noticed that Libby hardly touched her food and
didn't drink more than a sip of wine.  She just sat there across
the table, watching me with a strange look on her face.  She was
still dressed in clothes that covered her from neck to ankle,
giving me no idea of what her body looked like.

After dinner, she said, "Come into the spare room with me."

"You mentioned something about dessert," I teased.

"I'll serve your dessert in the spare room," Libby smiled.

Libby had turned her spare room into an exercise studio. There
was a Soloflex machine folded up against one wall, and a set of
dumbbells in a rack.  The floor was heavily padded and covered
with a smooth fabric, almost like a custom made tumbling mat. 
Against another wall was a large mirror, and a karate gi was
hung up on a stationary bike in the corner.

"Wow, this is some set up!"  I walked around and looked at some
of the weights.  I got a strange feeling when I saw that she
hadn't bothered with any dumbbells of less than fifty pounds.  I
heard a slithering sound and turned in time to see Libby toss
her floppy sweatshirt to the floor.  Under it she was wearing
something black, with long sleeves, that hugged her body.  My
jaw dropped as I saw the body she had been keeping hidden.

Her neck was a column of muscle, and her thick trapezius muscles
sloped down to her broad shoulders.  Her deltoids were covered
with a round cap of muscle that looked as large as a cantaloupe.
 The arms were huge, with bulging biceps and triceps that
squirmed like snakes under the bodysuit as she removed the
sweatpants.  Her enormous forearms tapered only slightly to her
thick wrists and large hands.  Libby's breasts were small, but
her chest and back were so thick that I estimated that she would
measure over forty inches around them.

Libby let her sweatpants fall and stood before me with her hand
on her hips.  I noticed that her lower body was even more
formidable looking as her upper body was.  Her well defined
abdominal muscles rippled under the tight bodysuit. Her thighs
were thick with muscle that writhed to get out of the suit as
she flexed them.  Her calves were as large as my thighs.

Libby slowly turned around, showing me the wide expanse of her
back.  Her glutes appeared hard as cannonballs, and she raised
on her toes to flex the calves to their fullest.

"Well, what do you think?" Libby asked as she turned to face me
again.  "Pretty impressive, isn't it?"

All I could do was gasp as she flexed her arms, making the
biceps swell to their full expanse.  "Very impressive," I
managed to say.

"This is dessert.  You go get dressed in something more, um,
suitable, and then we wrestle."

Now I understood what Libby had been talking about the previous
week.  "What if I don't want to wrestle?"

"I thought you fantasized about wrestling with women.  But maybe
I intimidate you just a little?" she smirked.  "Tell you what -
if you pin me or make me submit..." her tongue lingered on the
word, "just once, I'll go to bed with you, if you want.  If you
can't beat me once, well, I'll figure something out..."

"Yeah, I just bet you will."  I thought about it for a few
seconds.  As intimidating as Libby was, she still turned me on. 
"How many tries do I get?" I asked.

"As many as you want, Baby, I can go all night."

I went back to my apartment to change.  "Come back soon, I don't
want to have to drag you back here," said Libby.  "That would
make me mad.  And I don't think you'd like it if I got mad," she
breathed sexily.

When I had changed into shorts and a tee shirt I returned to
Libby's apartment.  Libby had folded the Soloflex up and covered
the dumbbells and stationary bike with pads.

Libby held out her hand and I shook it.  I noticed again that it
was very large, and for the first time I saw how muscular it
was.  She gave my hand only a firm squeeze, the sign of someone
who knows their strength and has no need to show off by crushing
other people's hands.  Facing her, I began comparing myself to
her.  I was about an inch taller, but Libby was larger in all
other dimensions.  I guessed that she might weigh as much as one
hundred ninety pounds, to my one hundred seventy-five.  Her
shoulders were broader than mine, and her arms and legs had mine
beat by a wide margin.  There was no fat on her body, it seemed
to be solid muscle.  I had little wrestling knowledge.  What the
hell was I doing here?

Libby asked, "Ready?  Then let's go."  She moved straight in at
me, with no feinting.  I tried to duck and spin out of the way,
but Libby was too quick.  She caught my head in the crook of her
big left arm and tightened the headlock by clasping her hands. 
I tried to slip my head out of her grip.  Libby spread her legs
out and did a split, dropping to the floor.  With my head
trapped in her arms, I had little choice but to follow.  She
leaned all her weight on me, holding me down.  My head felt as
if it was being squeezed in a vise.  I struggled to get up, and
even made it as far as my knees before Libby flipped me over her
hip and flat on my back.  I tried to twist my head free, but
only succeeded in increasing the pain.  Libby's left bicep grew
even larger, and I could feel my face start to go numb.  I had
never been so frightened.  My face was crushed into her left
breast, but I felt no softness there.  Libby was using her chest
muscles to increase the pressure she was putting on my head, and
it felt like two iron jaws crushing my skull.  I began to see
stars, and tried to tell Libby that I gave up, but nothing
emerged from my mouth but a grunt.

I vaguely became aware that Libby was talking to me.  "Whatsa
matter, Jimmy, can'tcha get outta my headlock?  Tsk tsk, you
oughtta be ashamed of yourself."  I felt the pressure ease for
an instant, but before I could move Libby closed the vise again.
 "There, that's better, now I can see you."  I looked up into
her gray eyes and didn't find an ounce of pity.  There was a
mocking smile on her pretty face as she said, "I like my men to
struggle, Babycakes.  You're just lying there making me do all
the work."  Incredibly, the pressure of her arms increased. 
"C'mon, wimp, fight back!  Do something!"

I tried again to get her weight off me so I could get to my
feet, but it was no use.  There seemed to be no strength left in
my body.  I wondered vacantly how long Libby had held me
trapped, then thought about what I needed at the grocery store. 
I realized that I was losing consciousness, and I was scared.

Slowly I began to realize that Libby was no longer lying on top
of me.  I was flat on my back on the floor, and I had a terrible
headache.  Libby was wetting a towel with some water from a
bottle, and she tossed it onto my chest scornfully as I tried to
sit up.  I gratefully wrapped the towel around my neck and wiped
it over my head and face, trying to regain what was left of my
wits.

"Well, I won the first fall," Libby said cheerfully.  "I had you
pinned for about a minute.  Remember, shoulders down for three
seconds means you're pinned."  I tossed the towel at her and she
grabbed it and hung it on a hook.  "Ready for the second fall?"
she asked.

I shook my head.  "I don't think so.  In fact, I don't think I
wanta do this any more."

Libby's eyes narrowed and she got an unpleasant look on her
face.  "I don't think you understand, Sweetie.  We keep going
'til I say we stop."  She began to walk slowly toward me. 
Alarmed, I scrambled to my feet.  Libby continued to stalk me,
and I tried to stay away from her.  I now had first hand
knowledge of what her muscles could do, and she had only had me
in the headlock for a couple of minutes.  I was scared of what
she could do if she locked me between her enormous thighs.

Libby closed the distance between us slowly, an amused smile on
her pretty face.  I found myself trapped against a wall with
nowhere to run.  Libby quickly lunged at me and caught me in a
bear hug around the upper chest.  I felt my ribs compress as she
constricted the circle of her arms.  It was getting tough to
breathe.

Suddenly I found myself lifted off my feet and carried across
the room back to the center.  Libby wasn't even breathing hard
as she held my hundred and seventy-five pounds off the floor.  I
tried to force her arms to loosen, but might just as well have
been pushing at a tree, for all the impression I made.  Once
again I saw stars as my oxygen starved brain started to fade to
black again.  Libby gave a heave and I found myself flying
through the air.  I landed hard on the floor, winded.  Libby was
on top of me before I could move.  Her solid weight pinned me to
the mat, and she twined her legs around mine so that I was being
stretched like I was on a rack.  Libby's hands pinned my arms to
the mat, and she spread her legs out wider so it felt like I was
being torn in half.  There was a mocking grin on her face as she
watched my futile struggle to dislodge her.

I screamed in pain as she forced my legs further apart.  The
strain on my knees was agonizing.  Libby smiled as my face
contorted from the pain.  "Aww, does he have an owwwie?" she
asked mockingly.

"Libby, please, I give, ahhh, God it hurts!  Please, let me up,
I give!  I give!" 

Libby stretched my arms a little further over my head, then
released me.  She knelt next to me while I flexed my legs,
trying to reduce the pain in my knees.  "That's known as a
grapevine pin," she said coolly, "just for your information.  I
could've held you down as long as I wanted.  Lucky for you I'm
feeling merciful, Luv."

With one quick movement Libby got to her feet and stood over me.
I looked up at her magnificent body as I tried to relieve the
pain I was in.  She turned her back and walked over to take a
sip of water from the bottle.  The muscles in her back and legs
were unbelievable.  I knew that if I were to defeat this
juggernaut even once I'd need all my strength, speed, and skill,
but I knew that Libby was stronger, faster, and better trained
than I was.  It looked hopeless.

I struggled to my feet and limped around for a minute to try and
restore the circulation in my legs.  My ribs ached from the
power in Libby's arms, and I was still dizzy from the headlock. 
Libby was watching me with an amused expression on her face. I
imagined that a cat might regard a mouse with a similar look.

"Well, now that we're warmed up, let's get down to some real
wrasslin'," said Libby.  She danced around a little, her muscles
clearly visible beneath the skin tight bodysuit.  "I'm rarin' to
go!"

I held out my hands, trying to talk her out of it.  "C'mon,
Libby, I've had enough. Let's go out and sit - ulp!"

Libby had grabbed one of my arms and stooped under me, lifting
me up on her shoulders.  "Oh, you've had enough, have you? 
Well, I haven't!  And I'm the only one whose opinion counts
around here!"

After doing several squats with me on her shoulders, Libby
dumped me unceremoniously onto my back again.  I tried to
scramble to my feet and stay away from her, but she dropped to
the mat behind me and yanked me back down.  She positioned her
legs on either side of my body.  I knew what she was planning,
and I desperately tried to roll away, but she wrapped her
enormous arms around my shoulders, trapping my upper body.  I
thrashed my legs around violently, trying to loosen her grip. 
Suddenly she rolled me over onto my face, keeping herself on top
of me and crushing me into the floor with her weight.  When
Libby rolled me back over so I was facing the ceiling again, her
thighs were around my waist and she had locked her ankles.

When Libby had crushed me in the headlock and bear hug I
couldn't imagine being squeezed any tighter.  The power in her
legs made what I had felt before almost pleasurable.  Libby
released my arms, saying, "You'll need to use your arms to try
and get out of this, but it won't do you any good."  I pushed
with all my might at the legs that imprisoned my waist, but
could make no impression on them.  In desperation I slapped and
punched Libby's thighs, but it felt like hitting concrete.

Libby laughed disdainfully as I struck at her formidable thighs.
 "Forget it, little man, you'll never get out that way.  It
might make me mad, then I'd really have to hurt you."  The
intense pressure increased slightly, showing me that Libby was
using only a part of her strength to hold me prisoner, and could
squeeze even tighter if she wanted to.

"Well, now that you're a captive audience, so to speak, I'll
tell you a little more about myself."  Libby tensed her muscles
again, causing me to gasp.  "Pay attention, there'll be a quiz
later.  I'm five feet eleven, one hundred and ninety-four
pounds, all of it bone and muscle.  For the record, I have
eighteen inch biceps, twenty-eight inch thighs, and nineteen
inch calves.  My measurements are forty-four, twenty-eight,
thirty-five, and I'm a second-degree black belt in karate.  Of
course, the chest and hip measurements reflect muscular
development, not tits and ass."  She jolted me once again with a
quick squeeze.  "Make a noise or something so I know you're
paying attention."

I managed a grunt, and Libby continued.  "Believe it or not, I
don't take steroids.  I was always big and strong as a kid, and
the other brats made fun of me.  When I was fourteen I tried out
for the track team at my high school.  The coach was very big on
weight training, and I took to it right away.  The teasing
stopped after I beat up one of the guys on the football team.  I
yanked him outta his car and left him on the street, bleeding
and crying like a baby.  I decided then that I'd push my body to
the extreme, build as much muscle as I could, and then make the
world pay for what I had gone through as a kid."

Her voice turned wistful.  "I enjoyed it when that big fat slob
was beggin' for me not to hit him again.  I figure there's a lot
of sadism in me, and I need to let loose once in a while." 
Libby paused and reminded me again to pay attention, just a
light squeeze.  "I like to dominate other people, and there's
not too many people I can't dominate, so I do!"  She grabbed my
hair and yanked my head back to look into my eyes.  "Now you'll
see just how dominant I am."

She let go of my hair and leaned back.  I sat forward and tried
to pry her legs apart, but it was like trying to bend steel
bars.  Libby loosened her hold enough so that one thigh was
under my back and the other on top of my belly.  Slowly Libby
tightened her muscles and I felt my stomach muscles give out. 
It felt like I was being cut in two.  I swear I could feel my
stomach being crushed against my spine.

I was having a hard time breathing as her legs swelled even
more.  "I give!  Ohhh, God, it hurts, please, let me go.  You
win."

"Do you give up?" Libby asked playfully.

"Yes, YES!"

"Say, 'Yes, MA'AM'," Libby ordered.

"Yes, Ma'am."

"What?  I can't hear you."  Libby tensed her thighs again, and I
was sure my stomach was being squeezed up into my lungs.

"Yes, MA'AM!" I tried to shout.  It came out as a strangled gasp.

Libby unhooked her ankles and kicked me away.  I lay on the mat,
curled up in a fetal position, groaning.  Libby stood up,
straddling me.  I looked up at her in fear and awe.  She gave a
slight smile and walked over to the water bottle.  She took a
sip, then brought the bottle and towel over to where I lay.  She
knelt beside me and toweled the sweat off my face, then gave me
a sip of water.  I tensed as Libby put her large hands on my
belly.  "Relax, Luv, I can take away the pain."  She pressed a
certain way on my belly and I could feel the pain start to
recede.  "Now, isn't that better?  I want you to be as fit as
possible for the next round."  Her powerful fingers probed my
belly in a particular way and I sighed in ecstasy as the agony
faded completely away.  Libby fed me another sip of water, then
took the bottle and towel back to their rack.

I felt a little better.  My head still ached, my knees were
shaky, and my ribs were still sore, but the pain in my belly had
disappeared.  I was able to get to my feet in time to face Libby
as she turned back to face me.

"Good," she smiled as she watched me rise.  "Ready for some more
pain?"

She reached out with both hands, fingers spread.  "I wanna see
just how strong you are, Luv.  C'mon, let's hold hands."  Libby
gestured for me to lock hands with her.  "What's the matter,
Jimmy?  I thought you'd like to hold hands with me."

I could see no way out.  Cautiously I reached out my hands and
locked fingers with hers.  Libby waited until I had secured a
satisfactory grip, then locked her fingers down.  She yanked me
closer until we were standing chest to chest.  Libby's powerful
squeeze almost immediately forced me to my knees before her.  I
found myself staring into her crotch while she crushed my hands
in her iron grip.  Tears ran down my face from the incredible
pain she was inflicting.

"I give, I give, please stop," I cried.  Libby released her grip
and laughed as I tried to return the circulation to my mangled
fingers.

"Damn, you're really a weakling, aren't you?" she chuckled.  "I
try to give you an even chance and you're bawling inside ten
seconds."  Libby shook her head.  "Well, I guess I'll have to
give you an advantage."  Libby turned her back to me.  "Go
ahead, get any kind of hold you want on me."

I decided to put Libby in a full nelson.  As quickly as I could
I got to my feet and slipped my arms under hers, then locked my
hands behind her neck.  Libby's shoulders were so broad that I
had trouble getting my hands together.  Libby waited patiently
until I had a secure grip.  "Satisfied?" she asked.  "Is that
the strongest grip you can get?"  When I replied in the
affirmative, she gave just a slight shake of her head.  "Too
bad."

Slowly Libby started to force her arms down, expanding her
shoulders.  I desperately tried to maintain the hold, but found
my hands being forced inexorably apart.  With one quick move she
drove her arms down, completely breaking my grip.  She turned to
face me, a triumphant gleam in her eyes.  "Seems like your best
just isn't good enough.  Is there another hold you'd like to
try?"

"Will you let me get you in a body scissor?" I asked.

"Anything you want, Luv."  Libby turned her back and sat on the
floor in front of me.  "You wanna do it from behind me, or from
the side?"

"Behind you, I guess," I replied.  I sat behind her and wrapped
my legs around her middle.  I noticed that the sides of her
waist were lined with muscle.

"Get as tight a lock as you can, Baby.  Lock those ankles
tight," Libby said.  "You'll need all the advantage you can get."

I pulled her back as far into my crotch as I could, knowing that
the tightest lock would be high up in my thighs.  Libby leaned
back comfortably.

"You might wanna tie up my arms, too," she suggested.  Maybe
hook your arms under mine and lock your hands behind my back." 
I did as she said, interlacing my fingers as tightly as I could.
 "Ready?" Libby asked.

"OK," I said, "now try to get loose."  I tightened my legs
around her waist, trying to crush her abdomen.  My thighs made
no impression on Libby's muscular waist.  She seemed utterly
relaxed as I tried my best to make an impression on her.

I could hear Libby humming to herself as she lay back in my
grip.  I didn't seem to be causing her any discomfort at all. 
Angrily I tightened my hold as much as I could, trying to wrench
her arms even further behind her back.  Libby didn't even seem
to notice.

Slowly I realized that my arms were being forced apart.  Libby
pulled her arms slowly to her front.  My arms trembled from the
effort of trying to hold those powerful limbs.  My hands were
pulled apart, and I grabbed her arms with my hands as she
stretched them forward.  Libby ignored the grasp of my hands as
she began to force my legs apart.  I could feel the muscles of
her arms swell as she pushed against my legs.

It was no contest.  Libby's arms proved stronger than my arms
and my legs put together.  She shook off my grip and got
triumphantly to her feet.  I looked fearfully up at her, not
knowing what she planned to do next.  Libby threw her head back
and laughed, raising both fists to the ceiling in victory.  I
tried to crawl away from her, but she leaped on me before I
could escape.  Libby sat down behind me and yanked my head back
by the hair, pulling my head down into her crotch.  She quickly
locked her ankles, trapping me in a reverse head scissor.

"You never had a chance, Babycakes, not against me," Libby
crowed.  "I outweigh you by twenty pounds, and I have at least
twice your strength.  Now you're gonna see just what I can do
when I really wanna give someone a little squeeze."

Libby tensed and relaxed her inner thigh muscles in quick
succession, jolting my aching head with quick bursts of power. 
Each time she tightened her muscles she squeezed a little
tighter.  I tried to tell her that I submitted, but couldn't
move my jaw enough to get the words out.  The pain I'd suffered
earlier from her headlock was nothing compared to the agony I
was now going through.  Libby was saying something, but I
couldn't hear it through the roaring in my ears.  My vision
darkened, and I felt myself slipping away.

Slowly I came back to my senses.  Libby was kneeling over me,
slapping my face with a wet towel, trying to bring me around. 
When my eyes opened, she let the towel drop on my chest and
walked to the corner of the room.  I was too caught up in my
pain to notice what she was doing.  I shook my head and was
immediately sorry.  Pain shot through my head and neck in
agonizing waves, and I almost lost consciousness again.

I vaguely became aware that Libby was standing in front of me
again.  I noticed that she had removed the black bodysuit that
had covered her from neck to ankles, and down to her wrists.  I
let my gaze travel slowly up her body, awestruck by the sight of
her naked muscles.  They seemed even larger with nothing
covering them.



As Libby turned back to face me, I could her face was stern.  "I
don't show this body to just anyone," she said.  "You're very
lucky to be so favored."  She walked until she was standing over
me, my eyes on a level with her vagina.  "Now, beating someone
like I just beat you usually gives me enough pleasure, but I
need something more tonight."  Libby pushed me over backward
with her foot, then knelt over my head.  "As long as you're down
there anyway," she began with a mocking grin, "you might as well
give me what I want."

Libby slipped one leg gently under my head and turned on her
side, leaving the other leg over my head.  Carefully, she locked
her ankles and squeezed softly.  "Now, I expect you to do your
duty," she said mockingly.  "And if you don't, I'll just have to
remind you what your duty is."  She punctuated her remarks with
a quick and not too gentle pressure on my trapped head.

I don't like to think of the rest of that night.  I did what
Libby required, with more than a few "reminders" delivered to my
aching skull.  When Libby came, she squeezed her thighs so much
that I was unconscious within seconds.  When I came to again,
Libby was straddling my erect cock.  She came about a second
before I did, and she crushed my waist between her thighs in the
throes of her ecstasy.  I went out again.

This time Libby shook me awake.  "C'mon, slave, I need you to
wash me."  When I started to protest, she added, "Or do you need
some more training?"  Flexing her biceps threateningly, she
waited for my reply.

"Yeah, sure," I muttered.

I quickly found my head pulled back by the hair with Libby's
other hand around my throat.  "That's not very respectful talk
for a slave," warned Libby.  "I suggest you adopt a more humble
attitude."

"Yes, ma'am," I said.  "I'm sorry."

"Even that's not respectful enough," growled Libby, though the
grip on my throat loosened a bit.  "I require my slaves to
address me as 'Mistress' when we're alone.  If I decide you
merit it, you may eventually address me as 'Mistress Stone', or
even 'Mistress Libby', but for now the more formal address is
required."

"Yes, Mistress," I said.  "I apologize for my insolence," I
added, as she seemed to expect something else.

"That's better.  Now start the shower.  I'll be in presently and
you will wash me.  If you don't perform the task to my
satisfaction, you will be punished.  Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."  I hurried to do her bidding.

Now I have been Mistress Stone's slave for over two years.  I
work two jobs so that I can earn enough money to pay for her
apartment and her needs.  She sometimes brings other men in for
"training", but they are quickly dismissed, though they often
bother her for days afterward, until she gets fed up enough to
use her power to "discourage" them permanently.  To my immense
gratitude, I have been allowed to address her as Mistress Stone
in private.  I have increased my strength under her training,
though I cannot match the power of this magnificent woman.  I
only pray that I please her enough so that one day she grants me
the honor of addressing her as Mistress Libby.  My only wish is
to serve her.

--
