Archive-name: Bestial/donkey.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Donkey Sex
 

                         DOWNLOADED FROM THE ANIMAL FARM
 
Every woman  has heard "hung like  a horse". Thats why  she would
never turn down  the opportunity to see if a  donkey really has a
big cock. A  couple went to Mexico. They had  heard of The DONKEY
SHOW and  they wanted to see  for themselves whether it  was true
that  a girl  could fuck  a donkey.  They asked  several men that
approached them in the street. They were misdirected by many, but
they finally found the place.
 
It was dark and the show was just beginning. They were shown to a
seat, and  ordered tequilla and  lemon. A donkey  was led to  the
stage  as  the  lights  were  dimmed  and  the  stage lights were
brightened. A beautiful Oriental girl  with long black hair and a
Mexican girl  of perhaps 18  yrs. walked out  to stage and  spoke
softly to the donkey. They were bright eyed and obviously looking
forward  to this  moment. One   walked to  the donkey's  head and
talked  to him  while the  other went  to his  belly in search of
donkey dick. It slowly came out as she stroked it.
 
Soon  it was  fully extended,  but not  hard. She  took it in her
hands and stroked  more quickley and it grew  to about 14 inches.
She put her  head down to it and extended  her tongue to the tip.
It was  salty with drops of  donkey cum. She took  as much in her
mouth as she could, but more cum  was leaking from the end of his
dick.
 
A table was  brought to the  stage for the  girls to lay  on. She
took his  dick and worked  it into her  pussy. The donkey's  dick
began  to get  hard and  thickened noticeably.  As it swelled she
cried with  joy, this is what  she looked forward to.  She pulled
and pushed  the huge cock  in and out  of her sopping  pussy. The
donkey was beginning  to cum and her cunt made  noises as the cum
began to squirt.
 
The other girl pulled the donkey cock  out of her and put the end
in her mouth.  She swallowed as much as she  could, but choked up
much  of it  for the  audience. The  other girl  gathered up  the
donkey's cock in her hands and  let him finish in her mouth. When
the donkey finally  finished and his cock began  its retreat, she
looked at the crowd, who were cheering. She let a huge gob of cum
run down her chin to her tits.
 
The couple had seen for themselves that this was not a legend but
a real  live occurrence.  Women really  did want  to be fucked by
someone "hung like  a horse". They returned home  but he knew she
had to  have someone BIG.  He found an  ad in an  adult newspaper
advertising for anyone interested in animal sex.
 
He answered the ad and received  a reply in a few weeks. Pictures
sent  with the  reply verified  these people  had a trained pony.
They drove  to the farm  where they hoped  to take photos  of his
wife being  fucked by the pony.  The pony was there  and so was a
donkey. They were both well trained, as she would find out later.
The owner  said this was  the 20th or  30th time his  animals had
fucked women.
 
She approached the pony with caution but he developed a hardon as
soon  as she  got close.  He  became  very still  as soon  as she
crouched down to  see his mammoth cock. She  reached out to touch
it. It was warm and hard. She smiled at her husband who was video
taping the whole scene. So was the owner of the pony. She put the
end of his mammoth cock next  to her lips, smiled at her husband,
and slipped  it into her mouth.  The pony felt her  warm mouth on
his cock and  began humping slowly. She stopped  because she felt
as though he was going to cum and she didn't want him to yet.
 
They moved a small padded bench over and she lay back on it. Both
men helped her scoot down to  where she could get the pony's dick
into her hot pussy. She guided  the head to her dripping cunt and
slid in just the head. The  pony humped and about 8 inches glided
into  her sopping  cunt. She  was in  heaven with  that huge cock
buried in  her pussy. Both  men were snapping  pictures and video
taping the whole affair. Soon it was unavoidable.
 
The pony began lurching and she  held the shaft of his great cock
so it wouldn't hurt her. Huge  gobs of cum sprayed from her cunt.
Her pussy made  sloppy sucking noises and the  pony prick pounded
her pussy. Giant plops of cum fell to the floor. She began to cum
and after reaching an orgasm, she  pulled the still huge but limp
pony dick out  of her steamy pussy. It popped  out and hung there
still dripping.  She took the end  of it and put  it in her mouth
sucking the remaining pony jism on her lips.
 
She was ecstatic.She just fucked  her first horse. The farmer had
a surprise. He  asked,"Did you really  cum in the  stall with the
pony?" She said that at first she was concerned he might hurt her
but later she came a little. The farmer said that he had a donkey
and that the donkey had been  trained to fuck women as well. They
had film,  a woman,and an eager  donkey. He was brought  into the
stall where the small bench was and led the pony out.
 
The  donkey  knew  what  this  was  all  about. He became excited
immediately.  They calmed  him and  she slowly  reached under his
belly  and  grabbed  the  donkey  dick.  She  said  that  she was
surprised  that  they  didn't  smell  like  barnyard animals. The
farmer explained  he kept them  washed all the  time when he  was
entertaining guests who fuck the animals. She took the end of his
donkey prick  and put it  in her mouth  and sucked him  for a few
minutes. He  began to develop a  raging hardon. It was  brown and
white and purple and swollen to the  limit. It had a huge head on
it and cum  was beginning to leak in small  spurts. She took them
on the  tip of her tongue,  then pulled away so  longs strings of
donkey  cum extended  from her  horny lips.  Video closeups  were
taken and  photos were snapped  so everone could  see this action
again  and again.  She quickly  put the  donkey dick  back in her
mouth and tried to take as much as she could down her throat. She
sucked  at the  donkey's cock  until she  was so  horny she asked
breathlessly for the bench so she could fuck the donkey.
 
They  helped her  position her  cunt near  the donkey's prick and
took it in  the middle of it's 15" length.  She pushed it against
the opening of her vagina and pushed slowly. The head, as swollen
as it  was, popped into her  gaping hole. She fucked  the cock in
and out of her hot slot. The donkey began pumping in and out. Her
husband wanted  her to take her  hands off the donkey's  dick and
let him fuck her for the camera.  She did but the donkey tried to
get his whole dick up her. She  had to take it in her hands again
to control the depth of his fucking.
 
Soon she  began to feel the  warmth of cum leaking  from her hole
and running down  the crack of her ass. She  didn't want it to be
over yet  but knew there would  be another day. She  knew she was
being fucked by a donkey and  the thought alone made her begin to
cum as well.  Soon large gobs of donkey cum  were plopping to the
floor and running  down her legs to the bench  where she lay. The
crack of her ass was in a  puddle of donkey cum. She cried out as
reached  her orgasm  and the  donkey  brayed  as he  came by  the
bucket. She laid there for a  moment then slowly pulled the still
dripping donkey cock from her open cunt. They moved for close ups
while  the donkey  wandered away.  Cum ran  slowly out, trickling
down her legs and butt. This was a day to remember.
 
                            CHAPTER 2
 
This went on  for days. Often when her husband  woke up he'd find
her in the stall with the donkey.  She got the donkey to where he
would fuck her  slowly and in short strokes.  She sometimes would
stop before  the donkey could cum  and take the huge  cock in her
mouth. When he  started to cum she would put  just the tip of his
cock in. He  would fuck her mouth and the  cum would overflow her
lips.  Huge  spurts  plopped  on  her  face  and  tits. She tried
swallowing some  and it tasted  no different then  her husband's.
She  greedily sucked  the end  of the  donkey's dick  as more cum
dripped from the end. She sucked the cum back into her mouth. Her
husband  wanted to  fuck her  too. She  sucked both  him and  the
donkey until he  came in her mouth. She told  him she could taste
no difference except the donkey's cum was hotter.
 
As time went  by they had to leave but  this story will continue.
They decided to move to a farm a buy a donkey for themselves. She
was beginning to wonder if they could train a horse.

--

                                    CHAPTER 2

                  A CONTINUING STORY OF A GIRL AND HER DONKEY'S


Time had gone by and the woman and her husband finally moved to the country.
She needed donkeys to satisfy her animal needs. She acquired several donkeys
and ponys and even a few horses. They called it a breeding stable but it was a
breeding stable of a different kind because she liked to breed with the
donkeys herself. She and her husband were quite turned with having sex with
ponies, donkeys and horses. They had seen the legendary pony girls of Mexico
and ever since they had been filming her with donkeys. She found a person
advertising for someone to have sex with his donkeys at a farm and they'd been
there there for months filming her fucking the donkeys. Now she had her own
farm.

She loved to get the donkey excited then play with his big dick for hours. She
put the end of the huge cock in her mouth and sucked all the while her husband
filmed the events so they could watch them later. He would then fuck her
himself. He took to fucking her in the ass while she fistfucked herself since
his dick was no match for the donkey dicks she had become accustomed to. Her
pussy was stretched to the max.

One advantage to having more than one donkey was that she could suck one to
completion and still have another to fuck moments later. When one was about to
come she would tell her husband and he would zoom in for a close up of the cum
cascading out of her mouth, down her chin, and dropping to her tits in big
globs. Then when she was done she would lead the next donkey into the stall
and get him excited. Then her husband moved a little padded bench over for her
to lay on so she could position the donkey dick at her waiting cunt. She was
sopping wet with excitement now and easily put the end of the 18" cock in her
gaping pussy. She would rock back and forth on the pulsing donkey hardon
pulling and tugging it in and out,trying to take it all. It was too long of
course but not too thick. She was beginning to dream of fucking a full size
horse while she fucked the donkey.

The thought really excited her until she finally came with a rush but the
donkey had not cum yet. She hunched furiously on the donkey dick until he
began humping back. Soon cum was pouring out of her pussy as the huge dick
made sucking noises as it drove deeper into her cunt. Cum was run-ning down
her legs and butt and falling to the floor creating a puddle of donkey cum.
She decided then and there she was going to train her new colt how to fuck
women.

                                    THE HORSE

Having fucked so many donkeys, she began traing the colt by reaching under his
belly and stroking his cock.In a few weeks the colt began to catch on by
getting a hardon whenever she approached. She began sucking his cock and
because he was so young he would begin to cum right away.She always collected
the cum in a large jar and froze it. Month after month, and each time she
would collect the horse cum in the large jar. Soon she had about 45 of this
jars full of frozen horse cum. She thawed it all out one day and poured it
into her bathtub and took a real cum bath.

As time went buy the horse became an expert fucking machine. She was in heaven
since she had found that as he got older, his cock got larger and larger as he
changed from colt to stallion. Her husband had produced hundreds of tapes with
her and the donkeys and now she started a new series of horse fucking videos.

She trembled with excitement when she saw the hardon of this large stallion
slowly reaching it's full extension and begin to slap his belly. It was nearly
24"long and hung brown, white, purple and black between his legs. She couldn't
get the end in her mouth without really working at it. She would suck the end
and push until it slid into her mouth. After she got so hot she was
uncontrollable. She manuvered her soaking cunt next to the massive horse dick
and pushed it into her pussy. The horse began bucking violently but she held
it firm in both hands as she guided more and more into her waiting slot. Soon
about 10" was sliding in and out and she pulled and pushed on the huge horse
dick until she came and came again. Her husband zoomed in close for a good
shot of horse cock attacking his wife's gaping pussy. The horse cock was now
about 5" in diameter and she was stretched to the limit and her husband was
glad that she finnaly found a way of filling the hole that was stretched by
horse and donkey lovers.

Since the horse had been trained for so long he could now fuck her slowly
until she fucked his dick so hard that he finnaly began to cum. He could now
completely fill one of the large jars. Horse cum ran out of her pussy blowing
by his imbedded cock and flying out of the womans pussy splashing her
legs,ass,and the floor. Much of it landed on the husband's video camera since
he was so close filming close ups. Cum ran down the lens and this later was a
treat since they would play it back in slow motion.

Time went by and they bought more horses so she could fuck more than one a
day. Sometimes the husband got in on the act helping to push more of the
horse's cock up his wife's large hole.He would pump it in and out of the horse
sized cunt his wife now had. He would sometimes hold the jars to collect the
excess cum in so he could film his wife pouring it slowly into her mouth and
remembering again and again how she fucked the horse. The story will continue
as she now wondered perhaps she could start a private zoo.  Lions, tigers, and
bears, oh my....


-- 
