Archive-name: Family/donna3.txt
Archive-author: Hot Licks
Archive-title: Donna - Chapter 3


I was clearing my In box late one afternoon a few days later. My
secretary buzzed that I had a special delivery, personal at her
desk. I ask her bring it in. She opened the door and a mail
courier stepped inside, checked my identification and had me sign
for a small package. This was not totally unusual. It had
happened four or five times over the last two or three years.

I tossed the package to one side and continued shuffling through
the papers, signing or delegating with a note. As I tossed the
last sheet into the Out box, the phone rang.

"Hello," said into the phone, relieved to have finished the pile.

"Hi, Sexy," Donna's soft voice replied.

"How are you?" I asked trying to make it sound semi-official.

"Did you get a package today?" she asked.

"As a matter of a fact, I did."

"Open it and enjoy!"

Click! She hung up. Suddenly, that small package took on a
totally different attitude. I lifted it gently and looked at the
label. No return address. I slit the tape with a letter opener
and peel the paper off the box. Opening the small box, a pair of
panties fell onto the desk. I stared at them for a moment. An
envelope lay in the bottom of the box.

Pulling the envelope out, I opened it and found ten photographs.
The first one was a very close shot of a open pussy, drooling
cum. I sucked in my breath and automatically look up at my office
door.

The next photo was of Donna's face, her mouth hung open and a
glob of cum was running over her lower lip and onto her chin. Her
expression was one of rapture. I hurriedly flipped to the next. A
large cock filled her mouth and cum oozed from the corner of her
red lips. I flipped through the rest.

The last photo stopped me dead. I remembered the scene. Donna was
kneeling at my feet. My cock was clutched in my hand and a jet of
cum arched onto her face. I stared in shock. My face was not
visible in the photo. As a matter of a fact the only part of me
shown was my cock and my hand.

I dropped the photos onto the desk and picked up the panties. The
crotch was still damp. The moist circle looked like fresh cum and
pussy juice. I lifted it slowly to my face and let my nostrils
drink in the pungent odor of her cunt. My cock throbbed.

A light rap on my door brought me to my trembling senses. I
stuffed the photos and panties into my desk drawn and croaked a
response.

Jenny, my secretary, stepped in and paused.

"Yes, Jenny?" I asked.

"Uh, well, Mr. Masters it IS Thursday," her voice trailed off.

I looked at her for a moment and then realization dawned in the
back of my mind. I smiled and rose.

"Of course, Jenny. How forgetful of me." I rounded the desk and
reached out to her.

I heard her click the lock as she stepped away from the door. I
gathered her into my arms and kissed her full lips. Her pointed
tongue darted out and probed my mouth. Her breath rasped hot and
damp from her nostrils onto my cheek.

I cupped her full ass cheeks in my hands and pulled her belly
against my, grinding her crotch against mine. She moaned into my
mouth and arched her back, thrusting her cunt hard against my
cock.

"Oh, God!" she gasped, pulling away. "It seems like forever.
Harry has fucked me three times this week and I haven't cum
once." Her fingers were undoing my shirt and my belt.

"Mmmmm. Then you must be horny," I teased.

"I'll show you how horny!" She grabbed my hand and shoved it up
under her dress, into her crotch.

The nylon band between her thighs was soaked. She whimpered and
ground her pussy against my hand. I felt her fingers close around
my naked dick. In seconds she was cuming the first time,
thrashing and jerking against my hand.

I quickly stripped her and pushed her toward the sofa. She fell
backwards, her legs flying open. She reached for my head.

"Eat me!" she demanded. "Eat my cunt, Mel!"

I could smell its sweet, sexy perfume as I dropped to my knees
and leaned toward it. My breath wafted across it and she jerked.

"Do you want me to kiss your pussy?" I asked, playing the game.

"Yessss!" she hissed.

"Then talk to me. Tell me what you want!"

"Eat my slimy cunt!" she rasped. She loved to talk dirty. As a
matter of a fact, she couldn't cum if she didn't talk dirty.
Harry, her husband, wouldn't let her talk period when they were
fucking.

My tongue snaked across the feverish, slippery lips of her pussy.
She gasped and pulled a my head.

"Ooooh YES! Lick my cunt! Suck the fuck juices out of my hot
fucking pussy!"

I stabbed my tongue into the gooey, molten hole of her cunt and
she bounced on the sofa and began to shake violently. She came
the second time. Her cunt drooled thin, hot juice into my waiting
mouth. My cheeks and nose were wet with it.

"Oh BABY!" she whined. "Suck me off! Lick my cunt! Then I want to
suck you hard cock until you pump a gallon of cum in my mouth!"

Slicing up the slimy crevice I found the hard, long button of her
clit. I rolled it with my tongue, then sucked into my mouth and
sucked it, teasing the tip end of it. Her heels locked behind my
head and her fingers entangled in my hair.

"Oh SHIT! Oooooh FUCK! Ooooo FUCKINGCUNTPUSSYCOCKSUCKING
oooooooo!"

Fortunately the office is sound proof. I triple tongued her clit,
rolling it faster and faster. She bounced and jerked. A flood of
juices gushed from her cunt. I drank all I could but a puddle
formed at her ass cheeks on the vinyl upholstery.

"FUCKFUCKFUCK CUNTCUNTCUNT COCKCOCKASS FUCKINGCUNTSUCKING
AAAAAAAAAHHHH!"

The explosion hit and for more than a minute she hung at the apex
of her pleasure, my head clamped between her fleshy thighs, her
cunt pulsing hotly in my mouth. I gently liked her juices until
she was empty and her thighs relaxed.

I staggered up and to her right and fell back on the sofa. She
lay inert, soaking up the pleasure of the moment. The phone rang.

I staggered up and across to the desk.

"Hello," I wheezed.

"You sound out of breath, Daddy. Were you jerking off looking at
my pictures?" Donna asked.

"Huh?" I shook my head to clear it. "No."

"Oh. Jerking off while you sucked my panties?"

Something hot and wet closed around my cock head. I looked down
and Jenny was engulfing it and looking up at me.

"No. Uh... nothing like that," I stammered.

"Why, Daddy, if I didn't know better I might think you were
banging one of the secretaries."

Jenny swallowed my swollen dick to the balls and I croaked into
the phone.

"Is she sucking you off, Daddy?" Donna asked huskily.

"Uh, I've got to go. I'll talk to you later," I dodged.

"Okay, Daddy. When you shoot off in her throat, think about me."

The phone went dead. My cock was very much alive. I dropped the
phone on the hook and leaned back against the desk. Jenny slid my
cock out of her mouth and smiled at me.

"Does this make you cock feel good?" she whispered.

"Yes! Fantastic!"

"Encourage me. Talk dirty to me!" The rest of the game.

My cock slid back into her mouth and I leaned back on my hands.

"Yessss! Suck my cock! Suck it, Jenny!" I rasped. Her breathing
quickened through her nostrils and her mouth picked up speed.

"Suck that cock. You love to suck cocks, don't you?"

"Ummmmm Hmmmmm!" she hummed her answer.

"Any cock that can come! You like to suck a cock that has been up
your cunt don't you?"

"Hmmmmmmm!"

"You'd like to have a line of hard cocks waiting! Sucking one
after another!" My hips were moving. She was pulling closer to
cum.

"You'd suck somebody else with me watching, wouldn't you!"

"Hmmmmmmmmmm! Hmmm!" she hummed. Her head was bouncing back and
forth. Her hand cupped my balls, rolling them gently.

"Oh!" I growled. "Ooooooh! UUuuuuuuuh! COCKSUCKER!
AAAGGGGGGGGHHHHNNNN!"

The pressure skyrocketed and I grabbed her bobbing head. I shoved
my cock to the back of her throat and unleased the gusher. Her
throat worked and she whimpered and moaned as she drank my come.
I knew that her cunt as usual was convulsing as she came the last
time.

Gasping for breath, we broke apart. After several minutes of
recuperation, Jenny stood on wooly legs and stripped several
tissues from the dispenser on my desk and wiped her mouth and
chin and scooped the residue from her cunt.

She gathered her clothes and disappeared into my private bath.
Twenty minutes later she emerged, clothed, make-up repaired and
back to Jenny the Executive Secretary. I was rumpled but dressed
and sitting behind the desk.

"Thank you very much, Mr. Masters," she said demurely. "I don't
think I could live with Harry another minute without Thursdays
with you."

"Thank you, Jenny. As always you do excellent work," I replied.

"See you in the morning." She turned and walked out the door.

"In the morning," I called after her.

I pulled the photos and the panties out of the desk and tucked
them in my wall safe and spun the knob. The sun was a glow in the
west as I pulled out of the parking lot and headed home.

knees
and leaned toward it. My breath wafted across it and she jerked.

"Do you want me to kiss 

--
