Archive-name: Family/donna2.txt
Archive-author: Hot Licks
Archive-title: Donna - Chapter 2


Bob and Donna came over dinner two weeks ago on Sunday. It was
hard to look at Donna after what had happened two weeks before.
Every time I looked across the table at her perfect make-up and
innocent smile, I saw her face smeared with my come and her
gaping, drooling pussy.

After dinner, Bob and I went to the den for a drink in front of
the fireplace. He talked about his job and having to travel so
much. I tried to be conversant but was having trouble. Jean and
Donna joined us. That didn't make it any easier.

I went to the bathroom and then to the kitchen to freshen my
drink. Donna was already there mixing fresh ones for she and Bob.

"You've been awfully quiet, Mel," she said without looking up.

"It's a little hard to return to our original relationship after
two weeks ago," I replied.

"I don't want to go back to that relationship, Daddy Mel." She
turned to face me. Her hand came up to my crotch and squeezed the
half hard shaft of my cock.

I stepped back and stared at her.

"Are you crazy?!" I hissed.

"No. Just horny for your cock, Daddy." She had slipped back into
the throaty , sultry tone that she had used that night.

She reached down and lifted her skirt. she was wearing stockings,
garter belt and crotchless panties. She scooped her fingers
through the gooey slit of her pussy and lifted the glistening
fingers to my face.

"Smell how hot you make me!"

The pungent odor of hot pussy invaded my nostrils and sent waves
of passion straight to my crotch. My dick hardened and throbbed.
She pulled her fingers back to her mouth and slowly licked her
juices from them.

"It would taste much better if your cum was mixed with it," she
teased.

I rushed out of the kitchen and sat down quickly in the den. She
followed and handed Bob a drink after kissing him on the lips.
She, Bob and Jean were sitting on one side of the den and I sat
on the other facing them. Donna sat down and opened her legs
slowly, maneuvering into a position that gave me a clear view up
her dress and into her crotchless panties. She smiled innocently
as she teased me with the show.

She talked sweetly and demurely with Jean about all the things
that they had always talked about as she showed me her shiny,
naked cunt. I was having difficulty keeping my eyes off her. She
shifted and moved frequently, exposing herself to me from a new
direction.

Bob rose to go to the bathroom and she eased her knees together.
When he came back he didn't see what I had been staring at for
twenty minutes.

The evening was finally over and we walked them to the car. Jean
and Bob lead the way with Donna and I following. As we neared the
car, she turned on the pretense of asking me a question. She
grabbed my wrist and pulled my hand into her crotch, pushing the
cloth of her dress between her thighs. I jerked my hand back but
Bob and his mother were facing the other way and lost in
conversation. I looked down at Donna. She smiled a very sexy
smile and licked her lips.

For several days, every time the phone rang I jumped. I was
afraid the Donna would have something else that needed repairing.
But my worries seemed unfounded. Jean and I were sitting in the
den one evening a week or so later watching TV. The phone rang.
Being closer, I absently picked it up.

"Hello," I said.

"Well, hello!" Donna's voice replied. "Bet you don't know what
I'm doing."

"No, what?"

"Fingering my juicy pussy and thinking about you big delicious
cock shooting all that hot, thick come on my face!" she
responded.

I almost gasped.

"Uh. Oh, I see," I stumbled.

"Mama Jean is in the room, isn't she," she stated.

"Yes, that's true." I was sure that my voice was cracking.

"I'll be she likes to suck on that big purple knob until pumps
her mouth all full of you yummy come."

"Uh, well I wouldn't say that necessarily," I replied.

"Mama Jean doesn't suck Daddy's dick!?"

"No, not lately." My cock was swelling and I could feel the heat
rising from my crotch.

"Does she let you suck her stinky pussy?" Her voice was getting
throatier and I could hear something in the background softly
squeaking with movement.

"Sometimes."

"That's nice. At least you'll know how when you slurp up my cunt
juices," she purred. "Oooooo! And my pussy is real juicy right
now!"

"Who is that, Mel?" Jean turned and asked.

I covered the mouthpiece and said, "One of the guys from the
office. He's asking some questions about one of the accounts. I'm
primarily listening to his ideas."

"Can't he wait until you are back in the office?" She turned back
to the TV, not expecting an answer.

"Shame on you, Daddy, lying to Mama Jean like that. I'll bet if
she looked at you pants she would see the bulge that a 'guy from
the office' wouldn't put there," Donna chided with a soft
chuckle.

"You're probably right," I said. I was enjoying the conversation
in a perverse sort of way.

"I know I'm right!" she giggled. Her voice went back to soft and
sexy. "If I was there, I'd take that dark purple knob in my mouth
and warm it and wet it and lick all the flavor off it."

I inhaled sharply with the thought. Jean jerked her head around
to look at me and I faked a cough. She looked back to the screen.

"Ooooh, Daddy, my pussy feels sooooo good!" she moaned. "You
don't mind me calling you 'Daddy' do you?"

"No. Not at all."

"You like it don't you."

"Uh, yes I do."

"I like to pretend that you are my loving Daddy. I've jacked off
thinking about sucking my 'Daddy's' cock and feeling your big
throbbing cock filling my pussy full. Oooooooo, Daddy!"

"Yes, I can understand that. It's sounds good to me." I felt that
voice had to be hoarse with passion as I listened to her.

"Oh! Oh! Uuuuuuuuh! Daddy! Daddy! You make meeeee Cuuuummmmmmm!"
Her voice was so loud I was afraid Jean would hear. She didn't.

I sat and listened as Donna panted and wheezed through her climax
and regained her voice.

"Mmmmmmm! That delicious!" she gasped. Then I heard slurping and
smacking noises. "And this is delicious, too. I've got the best
tasting pussy juice in the world!"

Click! The phone went dead but my cock did not. After almost
dragging her to bed, I fucked Jean like a mad man. She purred
afterward that it was the best sex we had had in years. Every
stroke, I thought of Donna's hot cunt and her heavy tits.
slit of her pussy and lifted the glistening
fingers

--
