

      **************  Donna's Dream  **************






We met on a rainy day at the Warf in San Francisco.  She was 
walking her dog along the row of little shops that the Warf is
famous for.  I stopped her to pet her standard poodle.  I love
them, they are my favorite dog.  She was dressed in a black 
miniskirt that was a bit too tight, a red tube top and black hose 
and heels.  She seemed a bit overdressed to be just walking her dog
but what the hell, I enjoyed it.  We chatted a bit then she suggested 
that we stroll a little further to the restaurant at the end of the 
pier.  As we walked she told me that her name was Kim.  How fitting
I thought.  She looked just like a Kim.  Her hair was medium length
and curly / wavy, like a perm that had seen better days.  She had 
a very slender figure, about 34-26-34.  She peered out from under 
her light brown hair with green eyes, almost the color of the sea.
Her lips were full and pouting, and she painted them with red 
lipstick.  The poodle walked between us as we strolled, almost as 
if to say she's mine keep your hands off.  I was feeling a bit frumpy
this day and was wearing my jeans skirt and a pair of boots, with
a denim top.  I had painted my lips red too, but my nails were a 
mess.  The wind blew our hair and our clothes close to our bodies
there was nothing to hide.  When we reached the place Kim tied the
dog up and left a tip with the steward and asked him to keep an eye
on him.  We entered and took two seats at the bar.  It was mid-morning
and mid-week so the place was empty.  Kim ordered a bloody-mary and 
I had my usual vodka-tonic.  We had just met but it seemed that we knew
one another for a lifetime.  As we chatted I would start a sentence, 
and Kim would finish the thought.  The conversation got around to sex
as I had hoped the that it would.  Kim confessed that she was bisexual
but that she really preferred women.  I just nodded my head in agreement.
We spent a good portion of the morning there and had a few drinks.
I was ready to go but Kim begged me to stay.  Since I didn't have
anything to that day I agreed and we ordered another round.  I told 
Kim that we should really go after this one though, since her dog
was at the door still.  We giggled and finished our drinks then
headed for the door.  Kim collected her dog and we strolled down the
pier and took a seat at the end.  I sat right next to Kim.  Her warm
body felt so good next to me.  She looked at me with an almost piercing
look, and whispered, "I want to make it with you".  I leaned into a 
very long tongue searching kiss.  We broke the kiss and I fondled her
bottom, she squirmed away from me and said we should go now.  We 
both stood and looked out over the bay.  Our hair blowing in the wind.
I thought at that moment that this would make a great picture.  Alas
we turned and left.  The poodle was almost pulling Kim along as we 
went.  I guess he wanted to get home, and this was his way of letting
us know.  It had started to rain a bit harder now, and Kim said we 
a ways to go yet.  I just smiled and shrugged my shoulders, "OH Well!"
We laughed, the liquor had done its magic.  Neither of us was feeling
any pain.  In the next few minutes we got soaked.  I could see right 
through Kim's top.  I licked my lips as I thought about taking her 
pert nipples into my mouth.  They were standing straight out.  As we
continued walking I could tell that Kim was as turned on as I was.
She just had that look, and the kiss that we shared was what got the 
fire burning.  My loins were on fire.  The rain slacked just as 
we approached Kim's block.  We were both out of breath as we had 
climbed one of SFOs steepest hills to reach Kim's house.  Kim let
the dog run, then she said I live right here.  Finally I thought, 
I was just about spent.  Kim invited me in for another drink.  We
both slipped out of our clothes at the door.  I stood back and admired
Kim's figure.  Her breasts were even more luscious than I thought.  
They had medium areolas but her nipples were just as pert and 
delicious looking as they looked like thought the gathered material
of the tube top.  Kim had long shapely legs, with great muscle tone.
One could imagine, after hiking up that hill to her house every time
she came home.  As she slid her skirt down her legs and stepped
out of it, I couldn't contain myself any longer.  I reached out to 
cup her bottom.  She jumped as I did, and withdrew, "OH!"
she squealed.  Her lips made a perfect circle.  She took a step
back and said," I wasn't expecting that."  I took a deep breath
I had to ask. "Would..." we both started at the same time, just as 
it had been earlier.  She continued, " Would you make love to me?"
The lustful look in her eyes, and the pout on her lips made the 
decision for me.  I stepped out of my skirt and closed the gap
between us.  We kissed, I felt her tongue at my lips, and I 
opened my mouth to suck on it.  I slid my hands down her frame to
the waistband of her panties.  I inserted my thumbs under it and 
started to pull them down.  She reached up and cupped my breasts
my nipples were so hard I would hardly stand it.  She slid her 
hand down them and gave a hard pinch on my nipple.  We broke the 
kiss and I stuck my tongue out and left a trail of saliva down
Kim's body as I sunk to my knees and pulled her panties off.
I looked us up and saw that Kim had shaved her lips clean but left
a tuft of hair on her pubic mound.  I hungrily slid my tongue
between the folds of skin to drink in Kim's sweet cunt cream.
The musky odor of her pussy drove me wild.  I lapped at her cunt
with my tongue flat. Kim started moaning, and writhing.  I 
slowed the pace so we could part for a moment to remove ourselves
from the foyer.  We gathered our clothes and retreated to Kim's
bedroom.  Once there she attacked me.  She pushed me back onto 
her king size bed and pinned me to it with her body.  We kissed
and rolled back and forth, and fondled each other till we both
were on the edge of cumming.  I had not been with many women
but I knew for sure, I would be back to visit Kim.  She curled 
around and started to pull my panties off with her teeth.  I 
helped her so she could get to my burning pussy.  I had drenched
my panties by this time.  I could feel my clit twitching as were 
walking so I knew it wouldn't be long for me before I released
an earthshattering cum.  Once my panties were removed, Kim 
lashed out with her tongue and flicked it across the top of my 
swollen lips.  I shuttered as the tip came in contact with me.
I pushed one of Kim's legs up under my head and she held the 
other up so I could have easy access to her pussy.  I spread her 
lips and licked from her anal opening to her clit in one smooth
motion.  I was breathing so hard as Kim's tongue was driving me 
wild.  "Lick me deep", I pleaded.  Kim obliged by pushing her 
tongue into my now throbbing cunt.  I gasped as I couldn't 
believe how long her tongue was.  It felt like at least 4" long.
She plunged into me and pumped my gaping pussy with her tongue
I picked up the pace with which I was licking her.  I could feel
her cream running down my chin, and that was tuning me on all the 
more.  Kim closed her legs over my ears, I could feel her throbbing
inside.  I was right on the edge, Oh I didn't want to loose it now
so I pushed two fingers into Kim and fucked her hard, and sucked 
real hard on her clit.  "OHhhh!!.... Ahhh!!!! I'm CUMMMINNNGGG!!!
she cried.  Then as her waves peaked, my cunt opened up and 
about sucked her in.  I shuttered so hard my hands were shaking
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!   I moaned.  
 
When our heartbeats returned to normal Kim crawled up next to 
me and planted her lips on mine in a very long passionate kiss.
Baby I don't know if I've ever cum so hard in all my life.  Me 
too, I added.  We kissed some more and then got up to have a drink.
We sashayed into the living room.  I took a seat at the breakfast bar
that separated the living room from the Kitchen.  Kim produced a
bottle of champagne from the fridge.  I made some wisecrack about the 
bottle, like Oh wouldn't that feel good, we both laughed.  It felt
great to just lounge around with no clothes on.  I'd always enjoyed 
doing that, and it felt perfectly natural with Kim.  The thought 
struck me that I had just met this girl and we have been to bed 
already.  We sipped our champagne and giggled about almost everything 
that either of us said.  I picked up a banana off of the countertop
and grinned at Kim, gesturing toward my cunt.  We both broke out into
laughter.  Kim said I can do much better than that thing.  OH! I said.
Kim headed for the bedroom again.  I slid off of my seat and picked 
up the bottle and followed.  She opened the drawer next to her bed
inside was at least a dozen various sized dildos and vibrators.  I'm
in heaven I thought.  She pulled out a double dong and placed one 
end into her mouth.  I watched in amazement as she took over 11 inches
of that thing into her mouth.  She pulled it out and licked her lips
and winked at me.  "I was real popular with the boys at my high school"
said smirked.  "I'll bet", I added.  The sight of her sucking that 
dong into her mouth sent an electric shock straight to my pussy, that 
radiated right to my breasts.  I wanted to her to fuck me with it.
Kim must have been reading my mind.  She shot me a look that told me
she wanted to play again.  I layed down on the bed and motioned to 
her to come and join me.  We embraced again and kissed for a real
long time.  I love to kiss, it gets me going.  I could feel my pussy
juicing up again, and buzzing.  Kim stroked the tuft of hair on my
pubic mound.  Her finger slipped over the edge and onto my clit.
The cream started to flow.  I could feel it oozing down the crack
between my buttock.  She kept rubbing, ever so lightly as we kissed.
I was sucking her long tongue into mouth as if it were a cock.  I 
wanted my hole filled bad!  Kim pulled away from me and picked
up the dong.  She inserted one end into her and then crawled up
to me and sat between my legs.  She put one leg over mine and the
other under mine and then scooted up to me cunt.  Then she rubbed 
the end of the dong on outer folds of my pussy.  I scooted toward 
her and took the end she was holding and pushed it past the outer
lips.  Then she started rocking back and forth, fucking me with 
our common cock.  I was in ecstasy.  I met every thrust.  Before long
we had the thing buried in both of us and our pussies were rubbing 
together.  I unwrapped my legs from hers and keeping the dong
inserted lay on top of her.  We kept the rhythm going and before
long we were lost in our lust.  We rocked back and forth in this 
position, we quickened our pace.  Kim had reached around to insure
that we didn't loose our plastic lover.  I opened my mouth and sucked
Kim's tongue into my mouth again.  I could feel my climax building.
My earlier cum had taken a lot of the edge off of my sensitivity, but
the waves were coming again.  Kim was breathing hard.  I ground
my mound into her clit with circular motions.  Kim started to buck
at my movements, and then she broke the kiss and gasped.  My cunt 
started to buzz real hard.  I felt the walls of my cunt open and 
then constrict around our fuck stick.  Pulse after pulse of orgasm
flowed through our bodies.  I pulled away and bucked even harder with 
my hips.  I took hold of the dong and pushed it deep into Kim then
pulled it back into myself.  I was not aware of anything but my 
pussy buzzing away...............


.............................__\|/__.............................


I woke with a start.  I found myself laying in a pool of my own 
cum.  The bed was soaked.  I was laying on my tummy with my hand
between my legs.  I had my whole hand shoved into my gaping cunt
My breath was ragged, as I picked up the phone. " Hello".....
...."Hello", came the voice...

