Archive-name: Family/donna1.txt
Archive-author: Hot Licks
Archive-title: Donna - Chapter 1


My step son tied the knot last year to a sharp looking girl.
Donna has a great personality to go with her great looks. Even my
wife likes her.

About three months ago, while Bob, the step son, was out of town
on business, Donna called about 9:00 one night. My wife cupped
the phone and ask if I could go over to Bob and Donna's. Their
water heater was on the blink and Donna was in a panic. I pulled
on a jacket and headed to the car.

Donna let me in and showed me the water heater. It was gas fired
and one look told me that the pilot light was out. She scrounged
up a match and I lay down on the hall floor and reached back
under the heater to light the pilot. Holding the over-ride button
down I turned to tell Donna what I was doing.

She had squatted down to watch and I found myself looking up
under her dress at the crotch of her panties. My finger slipped
off the button and I had to start all over again. I glanced back
at her and she was still in the same position. She finally
followed my eyes and realized what I was staring at.

"Ooops, sorry," she apologized and dropped forward to her knees.

I got the pilot lit and the burner kicked on. Donna invited me to
the kitchen for a drink while we waited to see if the heater was
going to function.

I sipped my whiskey and we made small talk. I kept seeing the
pink nylon panties and the dark shadow behind them in my mind.
Her nipples were buttons in the front of her blouse.

"Looks like Bob is going to be gone a lot in the next six or
eight months," I commented.

"Yes and I'm not sure I like it very much. He's only been gone a
week this time and I am having a tough time adjusting." She
gulped the remainder of her drink.

"Well, you know if you're lonely, you can come stay with us for a
day or two," I offered.

"Thanks," she said. "I may do that."

That didn't seem to do anything to console her. She rose and
poured another drink. I declined a second on the grounds of
having to drive.

"Be back in a minute. I've got to go to the restroom," she
explained.

I walked back to the closet and checked the water heater. The
pilot was out again. I laid down on the carpet and adjusted the
gas flow and relit it. As I lay there, I could hear soft sounds
from the bathroom on the other side of the wall. I listened and
then shifted. It sounded like moaning.

I discovered a sliver of light behind the water heater. Changing
positions I could see into the bathroom via the hole in the wall
that the hot water line passed through. All I could see was
Donna's legs and the commode. Those pink panties were around one
ankle. Her knees were spread wide apart. Her thighs flexed and
her knees swayed in rhythm with her moans. It finally dawned on
me. She was rubbing herself off. I almost let the by-pass button
slip from under my finger.

Her legs began to tremble and jerk. I heard a ragged gasp and
then she was very still. My cock had risen and pressed against
fly. I released the button and watched the pilot light a second
and crept back to the kitchen.

A few minutes later, Donna came into the kitchen. She was flushed
and her hair a little mussed. I excused myself to go to the
bathroom.

Swollen cock in hand I pissed. The soft smell of hot pussy still
permeated the small room. Something pink caught my eye. I bent
down and picked up the panties from between the commode and the
hamper. Flipping them over, I stared at the damp stain in the
crotch. Before I realized I had done it, I lifted them to my face
and sniffed the damp spot. The acrid aroma of hot pussy filled my
nose. My dick throbbed in my hand.

Regaining control, I dropped the soft garment back to the floor
and tucked my cock back in my pants and returned to the kitchen.
Donna had almost recovered but I hadn't. I made my excuses and
left.

The next time Bob was out of town. Donna called and asked me to
come take a look at her TV. I don't like to work on TV sets, even
though electronics is my profession. I also wasn't comfortable
with another exposure to Donna. My wife talked me into going.

Donna was wearing a lounging jumpsuit when she let me in. The
living room was dimly lit and I could smell incense. She
apologized for dragging me out again. I declined the offer of a
drink.

"I can't get any channels to come on the set," she explained.

I checked the obvious and then looked down at the VCR on the
shelf beneath the set. One of the selector buttons was in the
wrong position. I pushed it and the 27 inch screen lit up. I was
inches away from a the screen and on it a woman was deep
throating a large cock. I rocked back on my heels and stared. The
woman was Donna. The cock she was sucking was Bob's. Suddenly,
cock bucked and she stopped sucking. A large glob of cum oozed
from the corner of her mouth and down her chin.

"Oooooh Nooo!" I heard her cry from behind me.

I turned to look at her. She sounded and acted embarrassed but
she didn't look it. I hit the off button on the VCR and stood up.
I could feel my cock hard against my pants. I pretended to adjust
some controls on the TV with my back to her.

"I'm sorry," she said. "I didn't know that tape was in the VCR."

My dick wouldn't cooperate. It stayed hard. I turned and started
for the kitchen.

"I think I'll have that drink now," I mumbled.

Donna followed me into the kitchen. She mixed the drink and
handed it to me. There was a strange look in her eyes.

"But I am glad you fixed the TV. Now, I can watch that tape."

"Oh. . . well. Uh, glad to help," I stumbled.

"Bob's been gone a whole week and I am so horny. I thought I
would watch that tape and jack off." Her voice was low and husky.
She stared at me through half open lids.

I swallowed half my drink in one gulp.

"Would you like to watch it with me?" The question was barely a
whisper.

I looked at her for several seconds. Her eyes were on the bulge
in my crotch and she was licking her lips slowly. She rose and
took my hand, leading back to the living room. She pushed me down
on the sofa and crossed to the TV. Her slender fingers fluttered
from button to button, programing the VCR and TV. In a few
seconds the screen blossomed with her image, this time in bra,
panties and stockings.

Donna dropped in a chair, halfway between me and the TV. One leg
draped over the arm, she stared at the TV. Her image on the
screen had slumped in that same chair and her long fingers were
rubbing the translucent crotch of her panties. Her lips parted
and her snake like tongue flicked across her lips.

I glanced at the real Donna and she was rubbing the crotch of the
jumpsuit in unison with her TV image. My cock jerked and
throbbed, begging for freedom. I watched.

"I get so horny!" the real one rasped. "I've watched this twice
today and jacked off both times."

The screen image had shoved her hand inside the filmy panties and
was stirring her pussy with a vengeance. Her hips were flexing
and pumping in rhythm with her hand. My balls began to ache.

"Do you like to suck pussy?" Her question caught me off guard.

"Uh, yeah," I mumbled.

"Good. So do I. I even like to suck it second hand."

Her fingers pulled the zipper at the front of the jumpsuit. She
stopped at the bottom. No bra and I could see the waistband of
her panties. Her hand slipped under the elastic and disappeared.
Her moving fingers bulged the crotch of the jumpsuit. Her hand
reappeared, fingers glistening with pussy juices. She licked and
sucked them noisily. Her image on the screen was doing the same
thing.

"Mmmmmmm! Delicious! I wish I could suck it first hand," she
rasped.

I looked at the screen. She had stripped her panties and bra off
and sat with just stockings and garter belt on. Her legs gaped
wide and both her hands plied and rubbed her drooling cunt.

A cock entered the screen near her face. She smiled and turned to
kiss it. Her pink tongue reached out and licked the dark head.
Leaning toward it, she licked all around the head and up and down
the sides. Her lips opened wide and closed around the plum shaped
head. I gasped softly.

"I want to see your cock," Donna commanded in a hoarse whisper.

I looked at her and she was staring at my crotch. The jumpsuit
was pulled open and one hand cupped a large breast. Her thumb and
fore finger rolled the dark nipple.

My hand moved with a direction of its own. Zipper down and fly
open, it pulled my swollen dick into the passion heavy atmosphere
of the room. Donna whimpered.

Circling the shaft with my fingers, I stroked it slowly and
looked back at her. She was pulling the last sleeve off and
rolled the jumpsuit down and off. My hand clamped the head of my
throbbing cock at the sight of her naked body. Full breasts
crowned with large brown nipples and a flat tummy under the filmy
panties that dipped between full firm thighs. Her fingers worked
inside the crotch of the panties, working her dripping cunt into
a froth.

"Look!" she hissed.

The cock on the screen was thrusting in and out of her mouth. The
camera had zoomed in until the 27 inch screen was full of her
face and the jerking cock. Once and then twice the eight or nine
inch cock had disappeared into her mouth, the hairy balls bumping
he chin. I watched in a trance as she jerked the cock out of her
mouth in time to direct gushes of cum onto her face and into her
open mouth. Her expression show that she was enraptured.

"I love come!" she narrated. "And I love to come! Ooooooh!
Aaaahhhhhh! I'm cummmmminnnng!"

She thrashed and bounced in the chair, her fingers jerking inside
her panties. She arched her back and froze. For several seconds
she hung there trembling and then collapsed.

My fingers were stroking the length of my aching dick. Her coming
had fired my passion even higher. My balls throbbed and rolled as
I jerked my cock.

"Yessss! Do it!" she encouraged in a panting whisper.

It was coming. I could feel my cock swell and the pressure build.
I clamped my eyes shut and let my hand race over my cock.

"Come for me! Come, Daddy Mel!" she cheered. "Come for me!"

I arched up and slammed my hand down the shaft the final two
strokes. The dam broke and in the passion fog I could hear
Donna's raspy voice.

"Shoot off, Daddy. Shoot Donna some come!"

The gusher exploded and I sank into the bursting colors of
climax. My cock spewed streams of come again and again until I
dropped back onto the sofa and lay gasping for breath.

"Mmmmmm! You cum good, Daddy!" Donna cooed.

I opened my eyes and she was kneeling at my feet. Her face and
breasts were covered with my come. A glob lay on her tongue as
she smiled at me. She rose and leaned over. Her come smeared face
came down to mine and her lips touched my mouth. Her hot tongue
pushed between my lips and I tasted the sharp flavor of my own
come.

She pulled away and looked down at me as she wiped each and every
glob of come from her face and breasts with her fingers and
pushed it into her mouth.

"You better go home before Mama Jean comes looking for you," she
suggested.

As I left, cleaned up and emptier than when I arrived, she said,
"Next time, maybe Daddy would like to kiss Donna's pussy."

I looked back at her as she closed the door. She was totally
different person than I had known.


Donna dropped in a chair, halfway between me an

--
