                          MY FIRST TIME

-by Bob Dea

	It was a long time ago... almost twenty-five years, but I
remember it like it was yesterday.  My brothers had swimming
lessons and my Mother had taken them to the YMCA for the afternoon. 
I was 15 and on my own pretty much, left at home to do the yard
work because I had chosen to sleep in that morning instead of
getting up to do the mowing so's I could go swimming.
	That was fine with me because I was at the point in my
adolescence that the mere sight of a nubile young thing in a bikini
was enough to give me a raging hard-on... which was pretty
embarrassing at times.  So my Mom took the kids to the pool for the
afternoon  and I stayed home to cut the grass and so on.  My Dad
was a school teacher and had to work other jobs, so was out paining
a house or something until dark, which in Indiana was about 9:00
PM.
	I started on the lawn about 1:00 in the afternoon, and it was
a hot(!) July day.  I was mowing with my shirt off to try to deepen
my tan, and the sweat was rolling off me in sheets.  Grass
clippings from the power mower were flying in the wind as I zipped
along the browning summer grass, and sticking to my sweaty body. 
I had just finished mowing a row and was turning around to start
another when I was startled to see someone had come up behind me.
	It was Donna, the wife of a teacher friend of my Dad's. 
Actually, Donna was a teacher too, but my Dad was acquainted with
her husband more than she.  She was carrying a big chilled
watermelon, which was also dripping with sweat from the humidity
in the air touching its cold surface.  The water clinging to the
huge melon was soaking her light cotton blouse, which made it cling
to her thin body.
	Donna was clutching the melon to her breast, and it was
obviously too much for her to carry.  I turned off the mower and
lifted the melon from her arms saying, "Hi, Donna.  Let me get
that."
	She looked at me kinda funny, as I was standing there with
cutoff Levi's , no shirt and tenny's.
	"Thanks, Bobby," she said.  "You've really grown up over the
past few months."
	I looked at her and she looked at me for the longest time in
the front yard, both of us grinning stupidly.
	Now don't get me wrong.  Donna was not a pretty woman.  At
about 5'11" she was taller than me by about an inch, but I
outweighed her by a good 30 - 40 pounds.  She was scrawny, kinda
like Olive Oyl in the Popeye cartoons, with tiny breasts.
	Her wet blouse clung to her chest, and her bra was quite
visible underneath.  It looked like two white lace tiny icecream
cones stuck to her chest.  There was absolutely no cleavage between
the pointed humps.   Toothpick legs stuck out from the bottoms of
her knee length bermuda shorts, and she was wearing sandals, with
her toenails painted bright red.
	The face I was gazing at was bony, with a prominent nose upon
which was perched "coke bottle" glasses.  She was without makeup,
other than bright red lipstick the same color as her nail polish. 
It was thickly applied and there was a red smear across crooked,
although brightly white, teeth.  Her dark hair was cut in a
pageboy, and was stringy.  Definitely not attractive... but a
really nice lady.
	She smiled again.  "I thought you guys would like a cold
melon," she said.  "My dad picked several last night and brought
them up in the cooler this morning.  Why don't you take this inside
for me so you mother can put it in the refrigerator?  You look like
you could use a break anyway."  She looked at my sweaty body some
more and grinned again.
	I stuttered a little.  "Donna, my Mom took the kids to the "Y"
and won't be home for a couple of hours."
	"That's OK," she said.  "Let's take in inside and I'll help
you make room in the icebox for it."  
	She walked past me closely and brushed one pointy breast
against my arm.  It was hard as a rock.
	Not knowing what to say or do, I followed her into the house.
	She held the door for me to bring the melon in, allowing me
just enough room to get it, again my arm brushed against her
pointed breasts.  I heard her gasp a little as my muscular arm
grazed her.
	Once inside the cool house, I placed the melon on the kitchen
counter, and washed my hands off in the sink.  I grabbed a towel
and turned around to dry my hands.  She was looking at me real
funny, and I was getting uncomfortable.
	I walked to the refrigerator and opened the door.  It was
packed full, and there was no way the melon was going to fit.  I
bent over to see if there may be room at the back of the shelves,
and she walked up behind me and bent over the top of me to look
into the machine.  Her hard breasts poked into my back noticeably. 
I noticed the heavy smell of my perspiration as the cooling sweat
dried on my body.  I though I smelled awful, but apparently she
didn't.
	"You smell great, Bobby," she said breathlessly, and now
ground her breasts noticeably into my back.
	I stood up abruptly and turned around, shocked.
	She reached down and rubbed my crotch wantonly, as I stared
at her homely face.
	"Let's see how much you HAVE grown," she said, smiling
weirdly. 
	I couldn't help but notice the red smear on her teeth from the
lipstick.
	But you know, in spite of her unattractive features, I was
getting aroused!  My cock was filling with blood at an embarrassing
rate, inching upward toward my navel.  She had me and she knew it. 
A look of sheer ecstasy came across her face as my dick grew under
her manipulations.
	She reached up with the other hand and took off her glasses,
laying them on the top of the refrigerator, and bent down slightly
to kiss me.  Her mouth opened immediately and her tongue attacked
my closed lips, trying to pry their way into my mouth.  I opened
my mouth to accept her probing, and tasted her sweetness as our
tongues clashed.  She was immediately breathing deeply in huge
gasps, and her hand went wild at my crotch.
	My cutoffs were riding low on my hips, and as my cock filled,
the head crept up and peeked out over the waistband of my shorts,
its single eye already weeping a tiny drop.  I pushed her away from
me. 
	"Donna," I gasped, "I can't... I don't... I mean... "   I was
really confused.  Donna was an "older woman" at 30-ish, and I was
a virgin, being barely beyond the first kiss.  And she was horny
as hell.  "What about Steve," I asked?  "He's my Dad's friend."
	Donna looked at me with watery blue eyes.  "Steve doesn't
care,"  she said softly.  "Some day I'll explain why."
	She had settled down some, although was still breathing
heavily.  My young cock had not softened at all, and was still
peeping from the top of my shorts.  Donna looked down at the thing
and smiled widely.  
	"I'm hungry," she exclaimed and immediately dropped to her
knees.  She unbuttoned and unzipped the shorts and pulled them to
my ankles.  Looking up at me with pride, she opened her wide mouth
and enveloped my cock, her sharp teeth scraping it slightly as she
took most of it into her mouth.  Her head moved in and out as she
sucked and licked the thing, but her eyes never left my face.  A
couple of strokes and I was breathing heavily.
	I was amazed at the feelings I had.  Her mouth felt wonderful! 
Hot and wet, the tongue swirling around the head of my cock, she
was making my toes curl up inside my sneakers until my feet started
to cramp.  I had, of course, never had oral (or any) sex before,
although most of my friends had said they had.  Blow jobs were the
frequent object of discussion in the locker room.  From the
manipulations her mouth was making, I doubt now that any of my
friends had ever really had a blow job, or if they had, the giver
was not as experienced, or as enthusiastic, as Donna.
	I felt an uncontrollable urge coming, and I didn't want it to
end.  "Donna," I exclaimed!  "I'm going to cum!"  I wanted to cum,
but didn't want her to stop!  My hand were at the sides of her
head, fingers trapped in her stringy hair.
	She wrapped her long fingers around the bottom of my stalk and
squeezed tightly, cutting off circulation, and sucked and licked
even harder; her head pistoning in and out at a furious rate.  I
felt the fireworks of my first orgasm from oral sex within
seconds... but did not ejaculate!  Her tight fingers had prevented
the semen from leaving the body!  She kept sucking and I had
another orgasm almost immediately, her fingers continuing her
strangling grip on my cock.
	I pushed her head away after the second orgasm, my cock swayed
to and fro like a wet pendulum as it slipped from her mouth. It was
almost purple from her tight grip, and swelled to proportions I had
never experienced before.  There were streaks of her bright red
lipstick on it.  She let go of it and it slapped wildly against my
belly. 
	Donna looked troubled.  "What's wrong Bobby?  Didn't you like
it?"
	"Donna," I answered,  "I loved it!  It felt wonderful!  I've
never felt like that before!  But I've never been, you know, inside
a woman before."  I looked sheepish, I guess.
	"You mean you're a virgin," she asked incredulously?  "A good
looking guy like you?!"
	This was in about 1965, so the sex revolution had not yet
gotten into full swing, but promiscuity abounded.
	I didn't answer, but blushed fiercely.  I could feel my face
get really hot.  But my dick stayed hard!
	Donna stood up abruptly.  "We'll fix that," she exclaimed!
	She unbuttoned the top button of her blouse, then asked me to
help her with the rest.  As my trembling fingers fumbled with the
stubborn buttons, she reached down and pulled down her bermudas,
stepping out of them and kicking them across the kitchen.  Next she
pulled down her cotton briefs (definitely unsexy) and did the same
with them.  I was still fumbling with her button, so she started
at the bottom and unbuttoned the rest while I was still messing
with the second.
	Donna took off the blouse and unfastened her bra, while I
hastily kicked my shorts away.
	I looked at her.  Absolutely no tits!  Her breasts were almost
nonexistent, barely rising from the chest.  But what nipples!  They
were a dark reddish brown, the aureoles protruding like half a golf
ball from the slight mounds of her breasts, with the rest of the
nipple projecting like the end of my index finger, stiffened with
lust.  The most amazing thing though, was her pubic hair.  It was
a great brown mass, covering the lower tummy from navel to her
mound, widely spreading to the tops of her legs.  There was no way
she could wear a bikini with that bush!  It glistened with sweat.
	Donna reached up with both hands and pinched her own nipples,
her hips gyrating to an unheard beat.  She rubbed her tits and
stepped into me, her hairy tummy grinding against my hard cock.
Then, she took my left hand and placed it between her legs, showing
me with her fingers where to place mine against her clitoris.  She
was soaking wet!
	I reached around with my right arm to pull her nearer and my
hand found a mass of hair at the small of her back!  I slid my hand
lower, and found the hair weaving its way between her buttocks
towards her asshole.  My fingers followed the path and grabbed her
left buttock, squeezing it gently, my middle finger probing
slightly at her anus.
	She gasped, and her eyes widened.  Donna pinched her nipple
harder and rode my hand as it stroked her clit, becoming slick with
the juices flowing from her crotch.  She smiled lustfully and her
wide tongue flicked out to lick her lower lip, then the upper lip
in a lazy circle.  
	My poor cock was started to get chafed from grinding against
her bony, hairy tummy.
	"Please Donna," I asked... no, begged!  "Can I put it in?  I
need to put it in!"
	"I thought you'd never ask," she smiled slyly.  She took
several steps to the side, dragging my with her, and lay down on
the carpet in the adjacent dining room, pulling my down atop of her
gaunt body.  I tried to stick it in her clumsily, but rammed it
into her bony pelvis.  She quickly grabbed the stalk and gently
guided it into her waiting pussy.
	It was hot and wet, and I slid in to her depths immediately. 
We gasped in pleasure in unison; a duet of passion.  I started
thrusting excitedly, but she grabbed my hips and slowed me down.
	"Let's make it last," she said in a sultry voice.
	I obeyed, and made my thrusts slow and gentle, concentrating
on the feelings I was getting as my hard rod slipped deeper into
her channel, until it knocked against the cervix; pulling back out
until just the head was inside her steamy tunnel; thrusting again
to the hilt.
	Her pussy was amazing!  Even now after all those years, I have
felt few like it.  She had astonishing muscle control.  It felt
like a small hand was inside her cunt, grabbing and milking my cock
with every thrust.  Slimy hot fingers pulsed against my dick as it
worked its way in and then grabbed it and scraped the juices off
as I pulled it back out, creating almost as much suction as her
talented mouth had.  I was getting lose to cumming again after a
few strokes, and I told her so.
	"Don't worry," she assured me.  "I am too!"  Donna began
lifting her hips higher off the floor undulating wildly into me
with each inward thrust.  Our lunges became wilder and I could hear
the slurping sound of her juices as I pounded my cock as deep and
hard into her waiting pussy as I could, my balls slapping her tiny
butt savagely with each thrust.
	I kissed her deeply, our tongues battling for control of our
mouths, as we oscillated back and forth, my tongue in her mouth,
then hers in mine.  Sweat poured from my body.
	And then I came as the pressures from our hot sex became too
much for my inexperience to handle.  I stabbed my cock into her as
far  as I could, and stopped thrusting in a vain attempt to hold
off my orgasm, but couldn't.  I could feel the hot liquid as it
came racing through my dick and angrily spurted into her.  Wave
after wave of semen jetted into her until I shuddered with orgasm
and fatigue.  Donna continued to grind her pelvis into me and her
face and chest turned beet red.
	"I'm coming too, Bobby," she whispered between gasps for air.
Donna quivered as her orgasm hit full force, her back arching
loftily off the soft carpet.  
	Then the damnedest thing happened.  Her pussy clamped down on
my cock and held it in there!  I couldn't have pulled it out if I
had tried, not that I wanted to.  I didn't mind, because at that
moment I wanted to stay in those blazing depths for ever!  But her
pussy had the same effect as her hand had earlier.  It pinched off
the artery that supplied blood to my engorged cock and wouldn't let
the thing get soft!  I rolled to the side and we rested side-by-
side on the carpet, with me still very deep inside her.  I could
feel the pulsing fingers of her pussy start to knead it again,
slowly.
	After several minutes of kissing and fondling, she rolled me
over on my back and sat atop of me, never once letting go of my
hard cock.  Our juices dripped down onto my sparse pubic patch,
puddling under her.  She bent over and offered one of her marvelous
nipples to my mouth.  I eagerly grabbed it with my lips, and rolled
it around, licking its stiffness with my tongue.  It was long and
rubbery.
	Donna moved around a bit and got her knees under her, and
started to move deliciously on my cock. 
	"Don't be afraid, Bobby," she said.  "Bite my nipple."
	I complied and chewed gently on her rubbery fingerlike
projection.  She moaned with pleasure.  I looked up and saw that
she was drooling, long strings of spittle hanging from the middle
of her lower lip.  Her eyes were closed as she concentrated on
riding my stalk.  Her right hand was at her groin, and she was
fingering herself, rubbing her clitoris as she rode my hard saber,
lost in a sea of concentrated passion.  I left the nipple to
momentarily pull her lips to mine and suck the spittle from her
lips and mouth, then went to her other breast, to give that nipple
the same consideration as the other.
	This is getting rather long, but I guess you get the picture. 
We made love for almost three hours that afternoon, in various
positions.  She was incredibly passionate.   Before we knew it, it
was time for the guys to come home from their swimming lessons. 
So we quit and got dressed.  Donna stayed inside to straighten up
the kitchen and put the warming melon in the refrigerator, and I
went outside to finish the lawn.
	I had barely gotten finished with it when Mom got home with
my brothers.  She asked what had taken so long, and then noticed
Donna's VW parked in front.
	"Oh," she asked?  "Have you been entertaining Donna?"
	I just smiled and rolled my eyes, like it was another chore
I had to do.


