Archive-name: Amazon/donna01.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Donna meets Dennis


                            Part One: 

One weekend a few years ago I took a trip to my old college town. The first 
night back I went out to party and see if any of my old friends were still 
around. I was in one of my old hangouts and I noticed a very tall and 
attractive girl standing against a wall. Her head and neck stood above the 
people around her. She looked at me and gave me a big wide smile to let me 
know she noticed me.  I stared back thinking  about how very big and 
attractive she was.  She had on a pair of  farmer overalls and a long sleeve 
top. I could see, from far away, that she was a big boned woman with very 
generously proportioned breasts and hips.  She had dark brunette hair that 
was down to her shoulders and a beautiful healthy face.  As I stood there 
she continued to smile at me and I continued to stare back. Just then a 
friend of mine began to talk to me and she returned to her friends.

As the night wore on I would notice her continuing to look and  smile at me. 
I could see her from where ever she was in the club, which was big, with 
several large rooms. How tall was she? Could she be TOO BIG for me. I had 
not gotten close enough to really tell exactly. Then I saw her talking to a 
girl named Linda who I had known from my fencing class. I always liked 
fencing with Linda because at over 6 feet tall she was amazonically 
proportioned herself, and would tower over my 5' 9" height. I was never all 
that interested in Linda, having desires for a heavier build, but she was 
always friendly to me and would say hello to me when she saw me. I watched 
them as they spoke to one another, trying to gauge just how big the larger 
one was. Linda had to actually look up to see into her face. She was several 
inches shorter. Then a direct path opened up between us and I saw that Linda 
had on high heeled boots while the other girl did not. I slowly moved closer. 
The bigger girl had her back to me and they did not seem to notice me. The 
closer I got the more amazed I became with her enormous size. At last I stood 
just behind her.  The tops of her shoulders were above the level of my eyes. 
Each cheek of her enormous buttox was twice my width. She was my total 
paradise. As she moved about I saw that what had up to now appeared to be a 
soft flabby body was actually very hard and densely packed. I thought about 
exactly how much heavier and stronger than me she must be and I began to 
become afraid.  My god I thought. This woman was too big for me. I thought 
about what she could do to me if she took me home. I certainly did not want 
a death wish or to become crippled for life. I thought that even though I 
might regret it later, I would have to pass on this one and I was no longer 
interested in what fun she had in mind for me later on. 

I started to back away. I would escape out the side door that was just to my 
right and around the corner.  But I found the crowd of people too difficult 
to penetrate through at that time.  I was finally beginning to move through 
the crowd when very large and strong hand squeezed me on the shoulder. The 
pain stopped me instantly and the powerful hold turned me about. Standing in 
front of me was Linda, and at her side, now running her hand up and down my 
back and smiling down at me was her friend. "Dennis, this is my friend Donna, 
she wanted me to introduce you." Donna slid her fingers down to my butt and 
pulled me against her leg so that my legs straddled her right thigh. The leg 
seemed to have no end. My right leg was at the center of her thigh while the 
left had not reached its inner side. Then with her fingers firmly in control 
she effortlessly slid my 200 lb. body up her leg so that both my feet were 
off the ground. I knew she could feel my hard erection through my jeans. 
With her other hand on the back of my head she effortlessly pushed my face 
into one of her large breasts.  "Oh he's so cute", I heard her say in low 
husky voice. " Linda, I think he's going to be so much fun." She eased the 
pressure against her breast and I turned my head to the side.  I could see 
Linda smile at  me and then smile at Donna.  Something seemed sinister about 
the way she was smiling. I was hoping that some of my friends would come 
around and get me out of this mess. I didn't realize that no one would dare. 
"Why don't we go sit down in a booth, Dennis." said Donna, "Then we can get 
to know each other a little bit better?. You WOULD like to get to know me 
better now wouldn't you?" 

Donna let me slide down her enormous leg till I stood on the floor. Then she 
griped my wrist. I couldn't believe how big her fingers were and what a 
strong imprisoning grip she had on me.  Linda went first and Donna followed 
with me being pulled behind. My weight didn't seem to effect her at all. We 
went through an archway and into another room. It seemed that all my friends 
had disappeared from view. People would move well off to the side as she 
came by, and I noticed that people were looking at me with solemn faces. 

We stopped in front of the first booth along the wall. A group of guys were 
sitting there drinking beer. Donna put her free hand on the center of the 
table and leaned across and over them. They stopped talking immediately and 
looked up at her as she slowly looked around and said "You big strong boys 
wanna make some room for little old me to sit down?" She turned about and 
bent over the guy on the end, teasing and frightening them by feigning to 
sit  before they could get out. Linda looked disappointed when they were 
allowed to scramble out. She had hoped to see one or two of them get 
squashed. Fortunately for them, Donna had her desires set on me. 

Donna forced me down into the booth and I only barley managed to slide 
across and avoid her giant ass from crashing down on top of me. Linda sat down 
across from us. "I'm so hot after seeing those frightened boys jump. You had 
them TRAPPED. I wanted to see you squash at least four of them. " , "Never 
mind", said Donna, "I've got Dennis here to play with." With that she put her 
right arm around me and affectionately kissed me on the top of the head while 
roughly rubbing her other  hand around my chest and stomach, her fingers 
extended down to my crotch. 

To be continued: (Donna plays with Dennis)

--
