Copyright  (c) 1997 Pedros   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this entire notice attached.  The author may be contacted through mrdouble@airmail.net.




                                                    DONNA




                                                   Chapter 2





                        "Ungh!" The man grunted as the little girl plonked herself down on his chest. He opened his eyes and looked at her. She was straddled over him, her knees either side of his chest, her thighs forced wide. He looked at her little vagina, spread wide open by her position. He could feel her cool, damp buttocks on his warm chest, and the spots of warmth in that coolness from her anus and her sex. He was lying on his back in the soft grass beside the pool enjoying the feel of the sunshine on his nude body.

                        When he had arrived at the pool, Donna was no where in sight. She had run ahead of him from the house and he was enjoying the walk through the forest and had not hurried. His erection had subsided on the walk and he had lain down in the sun waiting for her to appear after not spotting her when he entered the clearing. Then she had sprung him as he lay with his eyes closed.

                        "Where were you?" he asked her, letting his hands rest on the top of her thighs.

                         "Hiding. I thought you would look for me," his niece answered, disappointment in her voice.
 
                          "There's only one game we are going to play today, sweetie, and that is sex. I'm going to hide bits of myself inside you." He laughed and she joined in, her little body shaking. He touched between her legs. "We need to clean this little pussy a bit, first, though. As much as I like looking at it open wide like that, we'd better get up and wash it." He eased the little girl up and stood himself.

                          "Your thing is still hard," she said, looking at his penis, which had stiffened as he had looked at his little niece's vulva.

                          "It was soft. I guess we'll have to make stuff come out again so you can see it soft," he told her. "Its your fault for having such a sexy little cunt." 

                            They walked down to the edge of the pool and Jay squatted beside it. "Squat down here with your legs spread," he said to Donna. The little girl did as he asked. He wet his hand in the cool water and began rubbing around her pubes and thighs. 

                            She giggled as he washed her."Its cold."

                             Jay washed the water inside her labia, letting his finger stroke up inside the entrance to her vagina and cleaning the blood from around the puffy lips. He then wiped the blood from her thighs and touched her around her anus, curling his finger under her to press the tip inside her sphincter. She moaned when she felt him enter her and pressed herself lower. He pulled out of her and looked closely between her legs. "All clean," he said. "You want me to try to put this inside your cunt now?" he asked her, taking hold of his erection. "I need to cum."

                            She looked at his maleness and her eyes widened. "Gee. It seems to get bigger and bigger." She reached out and tried to put her hand around it. Her fingers only just reached around. "Do you really think it will fit?"
 
                           "I know it will fit," he said, squeezing a dollop of pre-cum out of its tip. "This stuff will make it slippery ... and I'll do other things to get you ready and it will make it easier. It will be a tight fit, but that only makes it better for us. Believe me."

                           Donna swirled the slimy fluid around his glans, then wiped some on her still opened sex, mixing it with the dampness. "Gee, it does make it slippery, doesn't it," she said, feeling her fingers slide easily along her smooth inner flesh. 

                       Jay put his finger with her's and spread the slippery mixture into her opening. "We'll make you so wet and slippery down here, you'll only feel pleasure when I put my cock into you. You'll want it in you so bad you won't care how big it is. In fact you'll probably wish it was bigger! Now, I'm going to lie on my back and I want you to sit over my mouth."

                        "Sit on your mouth?"

                         "Yes, sweetie. I want you to put your pussy onto my mouth so I can lick you and make you wetter. It also lets me have a real close-up look at you." Jay lay on his back as he spoke, looking up at his niece as she stood up. The short soft grass was like a mattress under him and the sunshine was warm on his skin. Donna stepped over him and he looked up her legs at her puffy pubes. She was pink around it where he had rubbed and cleaned her and her clitoris protruded like a miniature penis from the top of the crease, clearly visible.
 
                        She slowly squatted over him, her sex opening as she lowered and he could see again the thin, stcky strands of her lubricant stretching across her inner folds as her flesh parted. Finally she was kneeling over his face. He looked into her, his hands at the top of each inner thigh, his fingertips in the groove of her bare groin, gently pressing her legs wider. Her slick pink inner flesh was fully exposed, the flaps of her labia stretched open, the entrance to her vaginal tunnel a darker pink circle with a glimpse of the passageway into her in the centre. He pressed her open even wider with his fingertips and looked into her vagina. He could see the torn flap of her hymen and the dark tunnel beyond where his penis would soon be buried. It looked tight and glistening. He could smell her young girl musk.

                           He raised his head and brought his mouth up to her, kissing her sweet centre, pressing his open lips firmly onto her moist, bare sex as though on her mouth, his tongue automatically searching her ridges and cavities for her entrance. Donna gasped and shuddered as her uncle's tongue dug into her vagina, teased her clitoris and probed at her urethra. His nose pressed against her pubic mound, his lips wrapped over her entire sexual area. He had slipped his hands around and under her tight buttocks, lifting her forward for better access, his fingers right in her crease and teasing her anus, prodding and stroking that wrinkled orifice, sending waves of tingling pleasure through her. 

                          She reached behind her, her hands seeking her uncle's maleness. She felt his rockhard shaft sticking rigidly upwards from his groin and she grasped it, using both hands to grip its thick neck. It felt hot and sticky and she knew her uncle's stuff was already leaking from its slit. She loved the feel of it. She loved its hardness, a mixture of solid flesh, ridges and bumps along its length, but with a spongy soft ridge up its underside, a satiny soft bulb at its top and silky smooth skin all over. And she loved the way it oozed. She realized she had enjoyed the feel of its spurting into her mouth, once she was over the shock, and she really did like the feel and taste of the slimy discharge it gave, especially as it was from inside her favourite uncle's body. She realized that she in fact loved all of her uncle's private parts, his huge penis, his two rubbery balls, his bottom, his stuff; and she loved having him do things to her, touching her private parts, putting things in her, looking at her, squirting over her. She wanted him to do anything he wanted to with her because it was making her feel so good. Like her uncle's tongue right now. It was slipping right up into her, pushing firmly inside her pussy. His mouth was rubbing against her, making the tingling get stronger like it had earlier, back on the bed when her uncle was wriggling his finger inside her.
 
                                Her body was taut, her breathing coming in strong pants and Jay could feel his niece becoming highly aroused. His mouth was wet with his own saliva and the moisture dribbling out of his niece's vagina. Her flesh was puffy, the labia engorged and her clitoris erect and he knew she was ready to try to take his penis into her. He had been stroking her from her anus up to her slit under her and her entire groin was now slippery with their combined juices. He drew back from her and looked up, enjoying the sight of her young naked body arching above him.

                               "You ready to try to put my cock inside?" he asked her, bringing his hands around from behind her and fondling her sloppy sex, tweaking and tugging the swollen labia.

                                Donna looked down at him, her eyes half closed with lust, and nodded.

                                "Okay, move backwards down me. Keep hold of my dick like that. ... Good. Kneel up over it... That's right. Now try to come down onto it. Slowly... Mmmm... That's it." He watched her as she knelt above his groin, her hand holding his stiffness upright.
                              The little girl slowly lowered herself down, towards the swollen head of his eager penis. His glans was shiny, slippery with his gel, and he watched intently as the girl's widespread labia began to slowly lower around it. She eased downwards, his huge male flesh beginning to force her wider, the pointed end of his penis beginning to nudge its way into her vagina. He saw and felt her flinch as her virgin opening began to be violated and she hesitated.
 
                              "That's great, Donna," he encouraged softly. "Take it nice and slow. The head is the widest part and once you get that inside, the rest will follow. Your cunt looks terrific with me going in it. It feels wonderful."

                                "Its hurting," the little girl grunted, but did not pull back. She held still for a moment and then began lowering herself again, slowly pressing down onto him once more. Ever so gradually, his glans began to be enveloped by the little girl's flesh, his size causing her to visibly bulge out around him, her inner lips being dragged in as they stuck to his penis. He kept easing back slightly each time he felt himself enter a fraction more, allowing their combined lubricants to be spread all over her to make his intrusion easier. Each time she pressed downwards, another small part of him gained entry. 

                                Suddenly she gave a sharp cry and he saw and felt the glans slip through the tight ring of her entrance into the warmth of her inner passageway, felt himself suddenly firmly encased within her virgin hole. Donna was gasping and making a move as though to rise up and dislodge him, but he held her firmly in place, thrusting upwards to keep himself within her.

                               "That's great, sweetie. Look. I'm inside you." They both looked at where he entered her. His long, thick shaft disappeared through her bulging outer flesh and he could think of no other more erotic sight. Her entire opening was filled, her labia fully stretched around him, her clitoris jutting stiffly outwards, looking as though it stuck out from him because of the stretching of her entrance. His entire glans was inside her. He almost climaxed just at the thought of himself being the first man to be inside his niece, at the thought of his swollen cockhead being wrapped within her virgin orifice, of his precum now leaking into her pure passageway.

                               Donna had a pained look on her face as she felt as though she was almost splitting from the hardness invading her. Her uncle's cock was hot inside her.  She didn't know how much more she could take but she didn't want to disappoint him; and she did want to become a woman. She gritted her teeth and pushed herself lower, feeling his swollen bulbous glans nudge its way deeper into her, stretching her inner passageway and making her belly feel filled up by his flesh. She thought she could see herself bulging out as her uncle entered further into her body, thought she could make out his shape against the skin of her lower belly. She felt her vaginal opening stretch even further as the thicker shaft below the circumcision ring of her uncle's penis began its forceful entry into her.
 
                                "I can't, Uncle Jay," she groaned. "Your thing is too thick. Its going to split me."

                                "No it won't, honey. You are stretching really well. You are made to take cocks like mine. I want to be fully inside you before I come. You want me to come inside you?" He stopped forcing up into her and looked up at her. "You're not going to chicken out now, are you?"

                                "No..." she said, hesitantly. "I want all of your thing in me, Uncle Jay. I'm just worried it'll tear me." She took a deep breath. "I'll keep going."

                               "Good girl. Its almost right inside you. Keep pressing down slowly. You'll love it when I come ... and I'm not going to take long. You are so tight it'll make me come quick smart."

                                Gritting her teeth, the little girl continued to impale herself on her uncle. He stroked around her stretched orifice, gently easing her even wider as he forced his way up into her. His other hand stroked over her distended belly and he could feel the lump of his glans inside her against her skin. He smoothed up over her chest, rubbing her stiff nipples and squeezing them hard between his thumb and forefinger. She gave a gasp of pain as he squeezed then dropped down on him and he felt himself fully embedded. They both stopped.
                              "Wow!" he said to her. "We've done it. Look. I'm right inside. Hey, I can see me poking your tummy out!"

                                Donna looked down. Only the very base of her uncle's penis was visible. The rest of his huge member was inside her! She could hardly believe it, except for the thick feel of him filling her up. She could see the lump his glans made on the surface of her belly where it forced her skin out. It reached almost to her navel. Her sex ached.

                               "I'm going to fuck you now, Donna. Just bounce yourself up and down on my cock in time with me. It will only take a couple of times to make me come. When we do it more often, it'll take longer and you'll get to come as well, but right now I need to." He began moving under her.
  
                             Donna bounced herself slightly, unable to move too hard. Her uncle was right. It did feel nice to have him fully up her. Suddenly he thrust up hard and she felt him swelling inside her, getting even bigger and she felt as though she really would split. Then her insides were washed with a burst of her uncle's cum and she suddenly felt him slip and slide inside her as his slippery goo coated her inner flesh. He now moved inside her more easily, his penis sliding backwards and forwards in her vagina, his pulsing bursts of cum  actually soothing her tender parts. She felt it trickling out of her and looked at where they joined, seeing her uncle's juices frothing out of her and pooling in the hair at the base of his penis. There was no blood, she realised. He hadn't split her! In fact it felt wonderful to be filled like this, feeling a man squirt inside her, seeing his stuff coming out of her privates like this, knowing his thing, that blood-filled, long, hard thing, was inside her body, 'fucking' her. 
                          She liked being fucked!
                         Gradually her uncle's movements slowed and he finally lay quiet, his penis still hard and still inside her. She sat unmoving, straddled over his groin. He gently stroked around her sex, spreading his spilt fluids over them both.

                          "Wonderful," he eventually said, squinting up at her. "Your cunt is one of the tightest I've had the pleasure of fucking, young lady."

                            Donna smiled. "Is it really?" she asked, feeling proud her uncle was so pleased. "It ended up feeling terrific," she told him, squeezing herself on him. "You were right. It didn't hurt at the end."

                           "Told you so," he laughed. "There's lots of things we are going to do. Some you might not like to start with, but, believe me, you'll end up getting as much pleasure from them as me." He lay quietly again, his eyes closed, the little girl leaning down with her hands on his chest. She could feel him starting to soften inside her.

                           "I feel like a piss," he finally said, opening his eyes and looking up at her. She began to lift off him, but he put his hands on her bare hips and kept her on him. "I want to piss inside you, Donna. Just like we are," he said and, before she could say anything, she suddenly felt him squirting in her. It wasn't like his coming. It was a forceful jet of hot liquid that very quickly filled her cavities and began forcing down past him, spraying out of her and covering his lower belly and her thighs in yellow urine. She squealed as she felt his fluids battering her insides and she began to feel bloated, plugged up by his thickness. More was going in than was coming out. She felt the pressure building up in her, making her feel like she wanted to wee as well.
                           Finally the pressure inside her got too much and her uncle's softening penis was suddenly expelled, still spewing his urine in a strong stream that sprayed over them both. He let it shoot wherever it wanted, keeping his hands on her hips and allowing his penis to squirt like a loose hose. She looked down at it, enjoying the sight of his urine squirting from its slit. She was emptying the pentup liquids out over him and the sensation of his urine flushing through her vagina brought waves of pleasure to her. 

                           "Unnh!! I'm coming...!" she squealed as her orgasm struck and she lost control of her bladder . Her pee spurted out in an arc, splashing her uncle's chest and face. He dragged her up him, bringing her spraying pussy up to his chin, her urine washing over his face. She fell backwards onto him, lying over his lower belly and feeling his penis still squirting his piss hot and flowing under her back. He pressed his mouth over her sex, letting her water fill his mouth and swallowing it, drinking from her, his fingers spreading her as wide as he could. He knew he was drinking himself as well, as her vagina was still emptying, and he could taste his much stronger flavour mixed with her lighter taste. He could also feel the stringy blobs of his semen mixed with the urine coming from her. He was soaked in urine from his hair down to his groin and he could feel it flowing over his nude body and trickling down his sides and in under him. 

                       Donna sprawled back naked on him, her legs wide, her head down between his thighs, her private parts glued to his mouth. He could feel her nude body down the length of his shuddering as she orgasmed and he felt himself stiffening again, his penis becoming hard even as it urinated between them. What a sexy little piece she was! He couldn't believe his luck! And his young friend Jamie was coming to see him today as well. He loved to do everything, the dirtier the better and only eleven years of age. It seemed as though Donna would also do anything and he had a lot of plans for them both.
 
                      The little girl finally emptied her bladder and her orgasm abated and she lay quiescent on top of him, her body totally open and vulnerable to his eyes and hands. He had ceased urinating but his penis was solid again, squashed between Donna's back and his belly. His testes were squashed under Donna's head. He wiped her urine from his eyes and face and raised his head, looking  between her wide-spread thighs at her gaping young vulva, crimson and swollen from the battering his penis, fingers and mouth had given it. It was sopping, dripping with a mixture of urine, sperm and saliva. He leaned forward and licked up its slick surface. The little girl moaned and lifted her head to look up at him, her eyes glazed, her face flushed.
 
                      He pressed his teeth around her puffy opening, biting her gently and sucking her engorged labia into his mouth and tugging them, letting them go with a sloppy flop. "You liked that, hey?" he said to her, running his hands up her taut belly to grasp her breast mounds. "You've made me go stiff again. You're never going to see it soft the way we're going." He ran his hands back down her body and between her legs, poking a finger into her vagina. "My piss really flushed this out, didn't it? The next time I want to piss in your mouth. Will you let me?" She nodded, squeezing herself on his probing finger. "That's my girl." He withdrew his finger and raised her legs, exposing her anus to his view. "And I'm going to put my cock in here," he told her, touching her sphincter. "Your arse-hole can stretch as much as your cunt, you know. I love fucking boys or girls in the bum. Even better than little girls' pussies." He forced his finger into her, making the little girl squirm delightfully. He pressed his erection against her back. "You want that big thing in your bum?"

                          Donna sat up, causing Jay's finger to come out. He wiped it on her leg. Without a word, she moved herself back down his body until she was sitting with his erection between the cheeks of her backside, the glans sticking out in front of her vagina. She wriggled herself on the hard rod. "I want to see if it will fit inside me, Uncle Jay. I'll do whatever you want. I love your thing."

                         "I want you to suck it again, Donna. Just for a minute. I don't want to come again for a little while. Just clean it with your mouth. Then we'll go for a swim. I need to take time out for a while. It needs to recuperate."

                          "Okay, Uncle Jay," she said and turned over, kneeling either side of his chest, her backside facing him giving him a wonderful view of her nether regions.
He pressed his face into the crease of her buttocks, smelling her musky odors, and began licking around her tangy anal ring. Donna took hold of his organ, pointing it skywards towards her mouth. Slowly she lowered her mouth over the shiny glans, her tongue wiping across the smooth skin. Once again her mouth was stretched by the huge bulb of her uncle's penis. How she wanted to fit more of it inside her. She couldn't believe that only a few minutes ago this monstrous organ was inside her belly, pumping its seed and squirting its wee into her. She found she wanted it to keep doing it ... inside her mouth ... inside her bottom ... back inside her cunny. Wherever her uncle wanted was okay with her. She could taste the acidic tang of the man's urine, the salty flavour of his sperm, and another unfamiliar taste like musk perfumed cream which she realised must be the taste from inside her. Her uncle's penis was a veritable smorgasboard of sexual flavours and she couldn't get enough of it.

                     She took her mouth away from it and turned her head back towards her uncle. "Please wee, Uncle Jay. Can you do a wee now? In my mouth?" she asked him, her voice hoarse. She turned back and lowered her mouth onto the awaiting penis. She gripped around the head with her teeth behind the flared rim, willing her uncle to begin. 

                      She felt it through her fingers first as it came up through his shaft and then her mouth was filled with his hot urine as it flowed gently from him. There was no longer the forceful stream of earlier. He was squeezing what little urine was left in his bladder out for her to savour. She swallowed it as it came, enjoying the taste and feel of it as it flowed down her throat. It stopped too soon, though. He squeezed a few more drops out but then there was no more. She swallowed the last of it and then released his cock-head, licking her way down the shaft, cleaning him. She held his loose hanging testicles, rolling them around in her hands as she swiped all over his hard rod until it was cleaned. She could feel her uncle doing the same to her, licking her between her legs and around her bottom and it made her tingle all over.
 
                      Suddenly he smacked her on her buttock. "Okay. Swim time." He put his arms between her legs and unceremoniously lifted and dumped her on on her back on the grass beside him. Then he stood up and straddled her, his body directly above her face, his erection jutting firmly horizontal. He fondled his balls and stroked along his shaft. "You can play with these as much as you like, young lady." He put his foot between her thighs and pushed his big toe into her opening. "And I'll do the same to you. But, right now, I want a swim. That sun is getting hot." He removed his toe and turned towards the pool. Donna watched him, admiring his muscly tanned body and his tight buttocks. She loved her uncle, and she loved his body. And it seemed like he loved her's. Today was a very special day and it had only just begun.  


To be continued.......
