                    Dorm Encounter
                        Part I

     It is a calm and quiet night.  I sit quietly at my desk at
midnight, typing my latest entry into my journal on the computer.
Due to the lateness of the hour, I have turned the lights out and
the dull glow of the computer screen casts an almost eerie pallor
onto the room.

     Suddenly, out of the quiet darkness, a knock comes at the
door.  As the door is locked, I get up to see who it is.  I look
out the peephole and, to my great surprise, it is Jim, alone, and
smiling.  I immediately throw open the door.

     Jim walks in and says, "I'm not disturbing you, am I?"  I
immediately answer, "No!  Not at all.  What are you doing here
this late at night?  Where's Kathy?"  Jim seats himself in his
customary seat on the couch and hesitates.  As he slowly answers,
I can tell that he is about to say something difficult.  He looks
me dead in the eyes and slowly says, "Kathy is at home asleep.  I
am here because my curiosity finally got the better of me, and I
want to be with you.... you know....in the way that you want."

     Flabbergasted, I stare in disbelief and reply, trying to
hide the excitement growing in my stomach, "Are you sure?  Why
now, and why me?"

     Expectantly I wait for him to phrase his answer.  "Why now?
Because I'm just curious enough to do it.  Why you?  Because I
love you and I want this to happen only with you."

     I quickly reply, "I'm flattered, and eager to fulfill your
wish, but I want you to really think about this before you jump
in.  You'll never be able to go back once you've started."

     "What do you mean?" he asks.

     "I mean that once you've committed to this, you can't say
that you never did it.  It's an accomplished fact once you start.
That's not to say that I won't stop if you say so, but until you
have begun to have sex with a man, you'll be able to say you
haven't done it.  Understand?"

     "I've thought about it a lot, Andrew, and I know I'll never
know what it's like until I do it, and I'll always be curious.  I
know that I love you, and I know you want me badly.  We've talked
about it a million times.  I also know that this will be a major
bonding between us that only we can share, and I'd like to have a
part of you that no one else has."

     "Well, do you have any rules or requests?" I ask eagerly,
the love for this man building within me to the breaking point.

     "My only request is that you take charge and love me like no
other man you have loved."

     With that, he came over behind the desk, took my hands from
the keyboard where they lay immobile, and turned the computer
off.  Suddenly, the room was plunged into blackness.  I let go of
his hands and stumbled to the bedside table where I pulled out
four votive candles.  I placed them on the bedside table and lit
them.  I then went to the stereo, pulled out the soundtrack to
"Somewhere in Time," and put it in the stereo turning the volume
down low.

     Jim and I met in the middle of the room and hugged
ferociously.  Our embrace, which began with great expression of
need, evolved into a tender embrace full of the love we shared
and the passion that was building within each of us.  I slowly
unbuttoned his shirt and removed it from his shoulders.  He did
the same to me.     We stood, facing each other, naked to the
waist.  I began to trace circles with my fingers around his chest
and nipples, reveling in the feel of his soft and smooth skin.  I
then unfastened his belt as he slipped out of his shoes and
socks.  Pulling his zipper down while looking him straight in the
eyes, I removed his pants.    I then took off my pants and
shorts.  I eased my fingers under the waistband of his jockeys,
and slowly peeled the last article of clothing from him.  As he
stood, hesitant, I removed my shorts and shoes and we stood,
finally, naked to the skin before each other.

     Again we embraced, this time as our cocks wrestled with each
other between us.  My hands roamed all over his body, caressing
and teasing as they went.  Hesitant at first, Jim mimicked my
actions.  As he became more confident, his touch became not
hesitant but insistent.

     I bent my head and laid my lips over his.  Our kiss was
tentative and curious at first, but as the seconds passed, his
lips opened to accept my tongue.  I searched the caverns of his
mouth with my tongue, and met no resistance.  He kissed back, now
full of passion, and our dueling tongues fought back and forth
from my mouth to his.

     Our cocks were now fully hard and becoming uncomfortable
meshed between us. I led Jim by the hand to the bed and gently
laid him down on his back.  I lowered myself to the bed and lay
myself along side of him, our hips and feet and shoulders
touching.

     I turned over onto my side and began caressing his entire
body with my fingertips.  I told him as I moved, "Don't do
anything.  Just lay back and let the feelings overwhelm you."  He
nodded and closed his eyes.  I traced his eyes with my fingers,
and then traced his mouth, dipping my finger inside.  He sucked
on my finger with the tenderness of a small child playing with a
doll.

     My hands moved to his chest where they circled his nipples
and slightly pinched them.  As my hands moved, his skin alive to
the touch, he began quietly moaning. My hands roamed across his
smooth chest and stomach and began playing with his pubic hair. I
wrapped the hair in my fingers and gently tugged.  This elicited
louder moans from him as if he were trying to tell me that his
cock was begging for attention.

     I moved my head so that it was laying on his belly
looking directly at his crotch.  For the first time, I visually
drank in the most perfectly formed cock I had ever seen.  It was
not short, but it was not long.  What it lacked in length, it
made up for dramatically in girth.  His cock was tapered, and was
incredibly think at the root.  His cockhead was beautifully
shaped.  I caressed the length of his cock with my hands, jacking
it in long luxurious caresses.  With my other hand, I grasped his
balls and lightly squeezed them.

     My actions were taking their toll as he began to lift his
ass into the air and whimper like a puppy. I slowly lowered my
head to his cock, and drew it in.  As my tongue swirled around
the head, he began moaning in earnest now.  His hands, which, up
to this point had remained motionless at his sides, grasped my
hair and pushed my mouth down onto his cock.  Although it was
thick, I slowly eased down on it until his angelic pubic hair was
scratching my nose.  I slowly withdrew and began sucking him in
earnest.  I dove onto the shaft with the skill of an experienced
fellator, and rode his cock with my mouth, tongue and throat for
all it was worth.  I could tell that he was close to coming, so I
eased off and began to suck first one and then both of his balls
into my mouth.  As they rolled around my tongue, Jim began
writhing on the bed almost uncontrollably.

     I lifted his balls out of the way and began to teasingly
lick the cord of flesh between his balls and asshole.  I think he
knew where I was going, because he raised his hips off the bed
and parted his legs to give me better access.  As my tongue
tickled across his asshole, he clutched my ears with great force.
I began swirling my tongue around his asshole repeatedly, drawing
shivers and moans from him.  I eased my tongue into his asshole
and he began bucking like a wild horse as I toungefucked him.

     Seeing that he was reaching the uncontrollable stage of
orgasm, I quickly returned to his cock and swooped down onto it
taking it to the hilt.  I sucked hard and earnestly and as he
began bucking again, he whispered, "I'm going to blow, Andrew.
I'm going to blow!"  Happy with the progress of his impending
orgasm, I sucked harder and harder.  Finally, without any warning
at all, floods of semen filled my mouth.  I swallowed what I
could, but he came with such force that some of his semen
dribbled out of my mouth and down my chin.  He kept coming and
coming until finally the spurts became gentle and I was able to
continue to drink him in.  As his orgasm subsided, I laid back
and licked the cum from my lips and chin, savoring each drop of
the fluid.

     As our breathing came back to normal, he rolled over and
said, "God.  That was the greatest orgasm I've ever had in my
life.  I love you, Andrew."  With that, he kissed me long and
deep, tasting his semen for the first time.

     The passion of the kiss reawoke his cock which now stood at
attention again.  He looked me deep in the eyes as his hands
roamed my chest and said, "Can I fuck you?"  I looked him back in
the eye as my hands caressed his face, and said, "I would love
nothing more in the whole world."

     I leaned over to the bedside table drawer and pulled out a
tube of KY jelly.  As I applied it to my fingers, he told me to
wait.  He climbed over my body until he was face to face with my
raging hardon.  He took my cock to the root in a flash and sucked
gently for a while, driving me nearly crazy.  He parted my legs
as his tongue traced a line from my cock to my asshole and he
tentatively licked at my hole.  This made me wild with passion,
and as he stuck his tongue in and out of my asshole, I thought I
was going to explode.  Reaching for the KY, he greased his own
finger up and began applying the cool jelly to the insides of my
ass.  The jelly did not do much to quench the fires burning in my
asshole, but the anticipation of having that thick, beautiful
cock plunging in and out of my ass sent my mind reeling.

     He put the tube aside and laid down on top of me. Our cocks,
slippery from our mouths and the KY he had applied to his
throbbing member, slid against each other creating total bliss in
my mind.  He bent down and kissed me deeply and as we kissed, he
raised his hips and pushed my legs up above his shoulders.

     I felt his cockhead at my back door, and wiggled in
anticipation.  He slowly pushed his cockhead into my ass, sliding
effortlessly into the tight warm confines of my ass.  He buried
his cock in my ass and lay back down on top of me, smiling as he
felt his manhood fill me completely.  Slowly and teasingly, he
began pulling his cock out and pushing it back in.  I was in
ecstasy. My whole body was alive with fire, and the passion
building within me was growing to heights I have never before
achieved with anyone including myself.  His fucking increased
steadily until he was literally pounding in and out of my ass,
oblivious of me and in tune with his own feelings.  With one
hand, he reached down and began furiously jacking my cock,
replacing my busy hands.  The fever of our lovemaking soared, and
just as I thought I could hold out no longer and began to blow my
seed all over both of us, I felt his powerful orgasm blast into
my ass.  I felt his sperm shoot into the deepest depths of my
ass, and I cried out in anguish as I took his second and more
powerful load into my body.

     He bent down and took my spewing member in his mouth,
swallowing the final blasts of my orgasm.  Our pulses raced, and
I could feel his as his arms engulfed me in the most fantastic
kiss I have ever experienced. It went on for many minutes, our
tongue dueling with each other exchanging our fluids as they
fought.

     Finally, we became still, his enormous cock still lodged in
my ass.  We embraced and rolled together into a ball and lightly
caressed and kissed each others' bodies as our pulses slowed to
normal.

     We fell asleep wrapped in each others arms, our cocks soft
and spent between us.  We were covered from head to toe in cum.

     A while later, I awoke to find him staring at me with an
expression I can only describe as pure love.  I looked at him and
knew that he had enjoyed making love with me as much as I had
with him.  We kissed again, this time slowly and deeply, and fell
back asleep.

     We awoke in the early hours of dawn, and made love again,
this time slowly and passionately.  As we reached simultaneous
climax, we were as close to being at one with the other as
humanly possible.  The thoughts running through my head were of
such great love I thought my heart would burst.  We cuddled as
the sun rose, and then got up and went to shower.  We returned to
the room, kissed and embraced again for several minutes, and
dressed for school.

     As Jim was sitting on the couch putting on his shoes, he
looked up and said to me, "That was the most incredible night I
have ever spent with anyone.  Thank you for making my first
experience with a man such a great one."

     I smiled from across the room and said, "As often as I have
had sex with me, I have never felt what I felt last night.  I
don't know if this was a one time thing or not, and if it is I
will be content to know that I have had it.  The memory of truly
loving you will fill my heart and mind forever.  But if this is
something that you don't want to repeat, I will understand."

     Jim stood up, came over to me, ran his hands through my hair
and kissed me tenderly and passionately.  "I need to think about
all this before I answer that.  Kathy and I love each other very
much, our sex is great, and I am not willing to give that up.
But what we had last night, you and I, wildly surpasses anything
I have ever felt before.  I love you, Andrew, and I know you know
that.  I enjoyed what happened too much, really.  But I'm just
not sure about doing it again.  It was such a beautiful
experience I'd hate to try to repeat it and fail.  We'll talk
some more about it later."

     With that, he hugged me close, kissed me long and hard, and
left my room.  I stood in the middle of the room not wanting to
let go of the incredible feeling my soaring heart was
experiencing.  I closed the door, hugged myself and smiled.  It
had been all I ever dreamed of and more.  I sat on the bed, still
smiling, undid my pants, and beat myself furiously to climax
reliving every moment of our night together.

     I then dressed, smiling to myself as I did so, and headed
out to class.


                        Part II

It was late, about midnight as I recall.  I was just
sitting down to study since, as a Resident Assistant, I
got very little done during the evening.  I had just
turned the stereo on to some relaxing music, Kitaro I
think, when one of my residents barged into my room.

Steve was totally buck naked and dripping wet.  Once he
had closed the door, I asked if anything was wrong.  He
replied, somewhat testily, that someone had stolen his
towel from the shower room.  He was livid!  I don't
even think he noticed that he was naked.

I offered him a towel saying, "Dry off.  You're making
a mess."  He did, and then put the towel in my hamper.
He then sat on my bed, still naked, and asked what I
was doing.

In the habit of teasing my residents, I replied that I
was going to study unless he could suggest something
else.  This particular guy was too cute for words.
Small, hairless for the most part, blond, big baby blue
eyes.... you know the type.  Having seen him naked just
now, I could also see that his daddy had been good to
him in the dick department.

Much to my surprise, Steve put his hands over his face
and started sobbing.  I sat on the bed next to him and
wrapped my arm around his shoulder.  In my softest
voice, I asked what the problem was.  He was slow to
reply as he was quite choked with sobbing, but he got
it out eventually.

"Andrew, I didn't get my towel stolen.  It's still in
the shower room.  I came in here because I wanted to
talk to you.  I think I am interested in men, but I am
scared to find out if I am or not.  I figured since you
were so open about being gay, I could talk to you."

"What makes you think you are attracted to men?" I
asked.  "I thought you had a steady girlfriend."

"Sure," he replied.  "Sarah is great.  But I can't make
myself have sex with her.  I just can't make myself
touch her.  I can't... you know... I can't...."

"You can't get it up?" I asked.

"Yeah.  It just doesn't feel good.  Does that mean I am
gay?"

"Not necessarily.  Have you ever thought about loving a
man?"
"Yeees," he shyly replied.  "And I thought...
maybe...."

"That maybe we could try it out?" I asked.  "I'm not
sure that's such a good idea.  What if what we do does
make you happy, and you decide to become gay and maybe
you're not supposed to be?"

Steve looked me straight in the eyes and said, "That's
my choice, I suppose.  All I know right now is that I
want you to show me how to make love to a man.  Right
here, right now."

I looked down and discovered that his beautiful cock
had risen to full height, about seven delicious inches,
and was waving furiously in his lap.  I reached down
and put my hand around it.  He jumped slightly.  "Must
be the first time someone else has touched it," I
thought to myself.  I took my hand away, and turned his
face towards mine, locking my lips over his.  His kiss
was tentative at first, exploring, cautious.  Soon,
though, he had parted his lips and was swiping the
inside of my mouth with his young tongue.  Our tongues
battled furiously, fighting each other in passionated
love.  He wrapped his arms around me and pushed me to
the bed, still kissing his heart out.  I broke the
kiss, gasping, and said, "Hold on kiddo.  Let me get
out of my clothes.

I stood up and quickly shed my t-shirt and shorts.  my
eight inch cock sprang out of my shorts like a prisoner
let free from a cell.  I joined Steve back in the bed,
lying prone on top of him.  Our cocks rubbed together
causing intense frictional pleasure as my tongue again
found his willing mouth.  We rolled on the bed for
several long minutes, kissing hugging and thrashing our
legs and arms around each other in a frenzied passion.

I finally had to come up for air, and I sat up on the
bed.  I told Steve to lay back and relax, and do
nothing.  He complied, closing his eyes and putting his
arms by his sides.

I began kissing his forehead, and slowly worked my way
down his face, stopping to tongue fight for a brief
second.  I traced his neck and adam's apple with my
tongue and then swirled around each nipple, causing
them to harden immediately.  I lightly nipped at each
nipple, causing Steve to moan slightly.

My tongue then travelled down to his navel, across his
tight and smooth stomach, and found his cock.  Slowly,
with the grace of an English monarch, I traced the
length and girth of his cock as he began writhing in
passion.  His hips lifted slightly, indicating that
more intense adoration of his manmeat was in order.  I
swallowed the shaft in a couple of easy strokes and
began worshiping his tool with all my energy.  My hands
alternated between fondling his tight ballsac and
roaming his smooth chest.  I tweaked nipples as I
passed by, all the while sucking my heart out.  He was
really getting into it bouncing up and down and crying
my name over and over.

"Oh, God.  That feels so good. Don't stop.  Please,
keep sucking.  Oh Christ!" was all he could manage.  I
kept sucking, eager to taste the nectar of my sweet
little man.  I was soon rewarded as He pushed firmly
upwards and blasted several long shots of semen down
my throat.  His was the sweetest semen I had ever
tasted, and I relished each tangy drop.  I let the
final few shots hit my face, and fell down, exhausted,
atop him.  I inserted my tongue in his mouth, and he
swabbed my mouth tasting his own semen.  He then licked
my face clean, smiling all the while and running his
hands up and down my back.

I moved down his body, still kissing and licking until
I had reached his balls.  I think he knew what was
coming because he lifted his legs up in the air.  My
tongue traced a line from his balls to the opening of
his anus, and swirled around and around.  This drove
him crazy, so I sucked on a finger and rammed it in his
hole quickly.  I began moving it around his chute, and
ultimately must have hit the pleasure spot because he
literally screamed, "Fuck me, man.  Fuck me, please.
Fuck me!"

Only too happy to oblige, I offered him my throbbing
prick for lubing.  He swallowed the shaft awkwardly,
but like a dog takes to water, he quickly developed
some fine cocksucking skills.  Once my rod was
slippery, I pulled out and placed the tip at the
entrance to his tunnel.  Slowly, almost painfully, I
sank into him.  He tensed at first, breathing only
slightly, but once I was in and held still for a
minute, he let out his breath and pushed back on my
cock.  I pulled out and slowly sank back in, relishing
in the soft tight hole.  He was moaning loudly, crying
and laughing at the same time.

"I knew it would be like this.  Oh, God, keep fucking.
Don't stop.  Don't ever stop.  Oh Shit that feels so
fucking goddamn good!" he repeated over and over again.

I fucked him slowly at first, building speed and
intensity over several long, delicious minutes until he
was bouncing all over the bed, we were both shouting,
and sweat was flying all over the place.  The crescendo
came when I shot my pent-up creamy load up his chute in
such a force that I even surprised my seasoned self.  I
came and came and came until I thought my cock was
going to fall off, shouting all the while, "Here it is,
you fucking stud!  Take my load!  Take it!  Take it!"

Finally, my cock having subsided, it slipped from his
hole, bringing with it a flood of semen that just
wouldn't fit.  I sat back on my haunches and tried to
catch my breath.  We looked at each other, our hands
meeting mid air, and I said, "I think you might just
have some potential, my man!"

Suddenly, thunderous applause broke out from behind us,
and we turned in shock to find several of the other
guys on the floor standing there in the doorway, fists
around cocks, shooting all over my floor.  They were
cheering and smiling, and the only thing I could think
of to say was, "Don't waste it on the floor!  Steve and
I could use another meal at least!"


                        Part III

When we last left our story, recall that Andrew and
Steve had just finished a masterful lovemaking session
only to find that several other men on the floor were
standing in the doorway jacking cum all over the
floor.....

I was the first to speak.  "Holy shit, guys!  Don't
waste that precious cum!  Come over here and let me and
Steve work those loads out!"

John, Sam and Scott looked at each other sheepishly.
John became the spokesman for the group saying, "Well,
God-- we're not homos like you two lovebirds.  We just
got hot watching you get off."

I replied, somewhat coyly, "Well, sure.  But you seemed
to really enjoy it judging from what's all over my
floor, man!"

With that, all three shucked what remained of their
clothing, closed the door, and sat next to each other
on the bed.  Steve looked at me, I looked at him, and
we both dove into two laps.  I sucked John's root to
the base and he grabbed my head and began pulling my
ears and hair.  I glanced sideways and saw that Steve
was giving admirable service to Sam who had thrown his
head back and was moaning in pleasure.  Scott appeared
to be content to watch as he had his fist wrapped
around his throbbing cock, precum leaking from the slit
like water from a leaky faucet.

The sucking got intense.  Steve and I were milking
these two magnificent cocks for all they were worth,
bouncing up and down and fondling balls as we went.  I
began to feel that Scott might need some attention, so
I moved over and swallowed him to the hilt.  He
screamed in ecstasy and pushed my head down further.  I
sucked for all it was worth, while at the same time
running my hands over his chest.  His broad and smooth
pectoral muscles caused my hands to sing with rejoicing
in having found such a splendid example of young
manhood.

There was little noise as the sucking continued.  I was
just about to start wondering what had happened to John
when I felt a tentative lick on my cockhead.  I looked
down to find John laying on his back, his lips wrapped
around my cockhead, bluntly and inexperiencedly sucking
me off.  I pushed my cock further into his mouth as he
muffled a groan.  His left hand was busy pumping his
rockhard prick and his other hand found the entrance to
my asschute.  Tentatively at first, then boldly, he
stuck his index finger up my chute and prodded around
inside.  When his finger reached and caressed my
prostate gland, I immediately filled his mouth with my
sweet nectar.  He swallowed quickly, and as I looked
down again, I saw that he had managed to grab almost
the entire load, only a trickle escaped from his mouth.
Watching his hand flail on his rod made me feel guilty,
so I stopped sucking Scott and turned and sat right
down on John's prick.  He moaned in delight and began
humping his hips upward, meeting every downward plunge
of my tight moist ass.  We were oblivious to the other
guys as we met in a frenzied cadence that defied all
logic and fucked with everything we had.  I was quickly
rewarded with blast after blast of hot searing cum
shooting deep within me.  As his cum subsided, I fell
of him and lay on the floor trying to catch my breath.

Steve and the others had watched our fucking with great
interest.  Steve, apparently eager to plugged again,
yelled, "Somebody shove it to me NOW!"  Scott, only too
happy to oblige, stood, bent Steve over the edge of the
bed, and ran his sword straight into Steve's ass. Steve
howled in delight and met the thrust head on.  Soon
they were fucking up a storm.  Sam, apparently feeling
left out and feeling the moment, stood and sank his
shaft into Scott's unlubed virgin ass.  Scott screamed
in agony and Sam began to withdraw.  Scott reached
around, grabbed Sam's hips, and drew him in saying,
"Don't stop.  Oh, God it feels so good!"

Soon the three had reached a cadence that was
comfortable.  Steve and Sam basically stood still and
Scott bounced back and forth between them.  The
grunting and groaning reached a new height and John and
I were getting hard watching them.  I flipped John over
on his back, pulled his legs up and over my shoulders,
and sank my tongue into his sweet asshole.  I swabbed
around, lubing him up as he squirmed in delight, making
sweet cooing noises.  Impatiently, he pulled at my
hair, urging me to complete the act.  Needing no
further encouragement, I sank all eight inches into him
slowly and seductively, relishing in each gained inch
as his ass submitted to and clung to my throbbing
aching hardon.  I slowly began moving in and out of
him, creating the most sublime friction I've
experienced in a while.  His ass was hotter than hell,
and tight as a glove.  It was tremendous.  He was
bucking his ass trying to meet each thrust as we
finally found our rhythm and began fucking in earnest.

Looking over to the others, I noticed that the heat of
the moment was upon them as sweat flung out in all
directions and they were yelling at the top of their
lungs and panting.  Suddenly, Sam tensed and shot what
looked to a huge load up Scott's ass.  This apparently
triggered Scott's internal mechanism as he began
moaning and shooting into Steve.  Steve, not to be
outdone, stood up, the two men still attached to him,
and showered John and myself with cum.  We licked the
raindrop type shots off of ourselves, enjoying the
creamy semen.

Just as all this was happening, my dick slipped from
John's ass and began wildly spraying John and myself
with the biggest load I ever shot.  Gob after gob of
creamy white spunk shot out and covered the two of us.
I lay down on top of him and slid around in my semen,
finding his cock with my hands and milking it for
another delicious load.

The three musketeers had calmed down and were sitting
on the bed watching us, tasting their semen from each
other's bodies and jacking their still hard cocks.  I
suggested that they join us on the floor.

Having not tasted Sam yet I swallowed his raging cock
to the root, sucking and tasting this sweet boy.  Sam
reached out for the nearest throbber, John's and
swallowed him.  The others got the idea and soon we
were sucking each other in a crude daisy chain all over
the floor.  Each was sucking and being sucked, and the
sounds and smells coming from the floor were intense,
better than any artificial high I had ever experienced.
We were all really into the scene, sucking and
thrusting.

Almost as if ordered, we began a chain reaction of
ejaculations that literally went around the circle.
Each of us attempted to swallow the load we were being
fed, and when we each in turn reached capacity, the
remaining load was shot into the middle of the circle
until there was quite a puddle of semen in the middle
of the floor.  I was shaking and freaking from the
experience, and without knowing what I was really
doing, I crawled from the heap of manflesh to the
puddle and began lapping it up like a little kitten.
One by one, each guy came to me and kissed me deeply,
taking away a sample of the mixed sperm until my mouth
was dry, and we were all laying on the floor atop one
another exhausted.

No one spoke for some time.  Finally, John said, "Never
in a million years did I think I would have done
something like this, but Goddamn it to Hell it was
GREAT!"

Several of the others echoed his thoughts, and soon we
began getting up and getting dressed to the extent
possible to head to the showers.  Only Steve remained,
and he took my hand and pulled me to the bed where we
fell onto it, wrapped our arms around each other,
kissed deeply, and fell asleep.



                        Part IV

My position as Resident Assistant afforded me the
opportunity to be quite involved in the managment of my
dorm.  Though I had a supervisor, he was inept at best,
and all four hundred men in the building knew where to
come when they had problems or concerns.  In addition,
I found myself repeatedly getting involved with staff
members from other departments that supported Housing
efforts: groundskeepers, custodial staff, maintenence
men, and the like.  Every so often, when confronted
with a situation with one of these type people, my
professionalism as a Resident Assistant gave way to
sheer animalistic lust where the other person was
concerned.

One such occasion happened close to the beginning of my
third year on staff.  The dorm I work and live in is
somewhat isolated from the rest of the residence halls
and as such, we get forgotten every now and then on the
routine groundswork cycles.  Several of my residents
had complained of the inordinately large amount of
trash that had blown from the street into our "yard"
and had asked what could be done about getting it
cleaned up.  I called the Physical Plant and told them
of our dilemma and they said they would send someone to
talk to me.  Our physical plant always talks first...
never in a million years will I understand why so many
people have to discuss a simple problem before it is
solved, but hey!

An hour later, I was roaming the halls trying to find a
couple of residents I hadn't seen in a few days and was
worried about.  I had my nametag on and as I approached
the main lobby, I saw the most incredible looking young
guy standing there looking totally lost.  Though he
didn't have the standard PPD uniform on, the gloves
sticking out of his pocket gave him away.  I approached
him, introduced myself, and asked if I could help him.

He smiled as our hands met and told me that he was new
and that the PPD had sent him to talk to "the RA in
charge" about the garbage on the lawn.  I told him I
was the right person and took him outside.  We stood on
the front steps in the sunshine and I showed him what I
was talking about.  Not having been outside in several
hours, I was surprised to find that the temperature had
soared during the early afternoon to a roasting 85
degrees.  I told him if he got tired or hot, to stop by
my room  as I had some cokes in the fridge.  He said
that would be great, and started collecting the
garbage.

I went back to my room and sat on the bed.  I started
thinking about this guy, and the more I thought about
him, the more I wanted him.  I got up and looked out
the window.  There he was, facing away from me, bent
over picking up trash from the grass.  As he stood up,
I studied him carefully.  He was tall, thin, and had
broad muscular shoulders.  As he was in shorts, I was
able to see the incredible definition in his perfectly
tapered legs, devoid, for the most part of hair.  His
hair was long and blond, and hung below his shoulder
blades.  It was perfectly straight, and shone in the
sunlight like tv commerical hair people's does.  He
turned as I watched in awe and saw me watching him.  He
smiled, waved, and continued to work, this time facing
me.  Each time he bent his hair fell over his face and
he would swish it back as he stood up again.  His face
was rugged, handsome and chiselled.  He was incredibly
tanned for this time of year, and I could not help but
drop a hand to my expanding crotch and give it a caress
or two.

He looked up again, and seeing that I was still
watching, slowly peeled his tight-fitting t-shirt off.
His chest was truly a sight to behold.  Smooth,
incredibly defined pecs glistened with sweat.  His
armpits were peppered with light blond hair that looked
as soft as cotton candy.  Each nipple was a work of art
in its own right, small, taut, brown, hairless.  A thin
trail of hair led from him navel to the secret
treasures within his shorts.  He began flexing more as
he moved, obviously enjoying the show he was giving me.
I was rapt.  I couldn't move.  I had never seen
anything so incredibly gorgeous in my life.  He could
have easily posed for an national gay mag and put most
of the models to shame.  God, what an incredible hunk!

He worked away from my view, and I sat back down on the
bed trying to decide what to do with my raging hardon.
I sat for a moment rubbing it through my pants
fantasizing about this man I knew absolutely nothing
about.  Just as I was about to pull my boner out and
make love to it with my fists, a tentative knock
sounded at the door.  Composing myself quickly, I
squeaked,"Come in!"

The door opened and the object of my fantasies walked
in.  He tossed his shirt on the chair next to my desk
and asked if the coke offer was still good.  With
shaking hands, I got it for him and gave it to him,
motioning him to have a seat on the bed.

He sat and drank in silence.  He looked around my room
carefully as if casing the joint, and stopped moving
when he reached my bulletin board.  My bulletin board
has a collage of naked men on it.  It's about five feet
wide and four feet tall, and is completely covered with
tasteful centerfolds from some back issues of my
favorite fist mags.  Naturally, no cocks are showing,
and it is rather artful in presentation.  He seemed
enamored.

I couldn't help myself.  I was staring at him with all
my might, trying to memorize every square inch of him
for future fantasizing.  I didn't even realize he had
spoken until he touched my arm gently.

"Wha...What...?" I stammered.

"Those are some really hot looking dudes, man.  I would
love to make it with some of them." he said matter of
factly.

I was stunned.  I didn't know what to say.  I stammered
around for a few seconds and then, figuring honesty is
the best policy, asked if he wanted to do me.  He
didn't answer with words, but got up, locked the door,
and dropped his shorts in one fell swoop.  There was
nothing between them and his cock which quickly arched
to its full nine and a half inches.  As if lead by his
cock, he approached the bed, grabbed my head, opened my
mouth by force and stuck that monster penis right down
my throat.  God it was wonderful.  He tasted lightly of
sweat and heavily of pure man.  His cock was veined in
just the right places, providing my tongue interesting
places to follow and trace.  His cockhead was enormous,
completely round, and smooth as a baby's butt.  He
pushed in and out with a sense of urgency I was not
about to deny, and just as I was really getting
comfortable with this monster meat in my mouth, he
began cumming.  Load after creamy, delicious load shot
down my greedy throat.  I couldn't hold it all, and it
began running down my chin.  He reached down, wiped it
off my chin and slurped it off his fingers.  I was so
fucking hot I couldn't stand it.  I stood up, stripped,
got on the bed in a dog stance and yelled, "Fuck me
now, fuck me hard, fuck me forever.  Just do it!"

Not to be shy, he quickly climbed up on the bed and in
one swift stroke, mounted me to the hilt.  Never have I
felt so full so quickly.  It was pure bliss.  Every
inch of my ass canal was singing the praises of the
incredible totem pole that had plunged into it.  In and
out, in and out, in and out he stroked, finding rhythm
quickly and smoothly.  He fucked as one with lots of
practice, finding new and far-reaching parts of my ass
as he pushed and pulled within me.  I reached down and
jacked my dripping cock feverishly, enjoying every
single second of the excruciating pain/pleasure I was
experiencing.

Apparently bored with the position, he flipped us over
and went at me while I was on my back, staring up at
this sweating heaving man who was putting such effort
into this masterful fuck.  He brushed my hands from my
throbbing oozing cock and took over, beating me in sync
with the cadence of his fucking.  Then, he amazed the
shit out of me by bending over and swallowing my cock
whole as if it were an easy feat.  I was in total
bliss.  Every nerve of my body was shouting and
screaming with pure animal, lustful joy.

Sensing that we were both close, he sucked and fucked
with a pace that made me dizzy, and as I felt the first
spasm of my cock hit the depths of his throat, he began
unloading his creamy sticky jism into my ass by the
gallon.  We both came for what seemed an eternity,
panting, groaning, and moaning, until finally, with
almost no energy left, he pulled out and met my mouth
with his, feeding me slowly my own creamy load.  We
kissed for what seemed like hours until our hearts had
stopped beating.

We lay there quietly, fondling each others' now
dwindling cocks.  His fingers found my ass and swiped a
fingerful of his cum for me to taste.  The combination
of his semen and the bung-taste of my ass sent me to
new heights and I shook with delight as he continued to
feed me.

Finally, totally spent, he rolled off the bed, toweled
dry and put his shirt and shorts back on.  It was only
then that I noticed that he had never removed his
shoes!  He asked if he could come work outside my
window again, and you bet I replied to the affirmative!

I stood looking out the window as he headed back to the
Physical Plant.  I was tired, sore and sticky, but I
felt like nothing in the world could get me down!

Every now and then, as I sit at my desk by the window,
I get this feeling that I am being watched.  Sure
enough, my groundskeeper lover is there outside the
window with an inquisitive look on his face.  I motion
for him to come in, and the rest, as they say, is
history.



                        Part V


Once a year, usually in the spring, the Director of
Housing makes his annual rounds through my building.
This is a time, much like in the military I am sure,
that everything has to be perfect.  I had spent days
and nights coaching the new RA's and my supervisor, the
idiot Graduate Resident on exactly what to do and what
to say.  Certain contraband items had to be hidden
(like microwaves) and all the paperwork that had
accumulated during the quarter had to be caught up and
filed.

I had worked through the night catching up on all this
bureaucratic bullshit and was exhausted.  I got up from
a quick two hour sleep, showered, dressed and went down
to the office.  The secretary alerted me that Dr. Smith
was on his way.

Let me stop here and tell you a little about Dr. Smith.
He is one of those go-getters that rose to the top of
the bucket rather quickly.  He is 32, tall, incredibly
handsome in a preppy sort of way, and though he reeks
of authority, he is quite friendly.  I had dealt with
him several times in the past on housing related
matters, and to my satisfaction, he agreed with me more
than not.  As such, I was looking forward to showing
off my building to him since he knew very well that I
was in charge here and that the GR was just a puppet.

I waited for a few minutes chatting with the secretary,
and then began roaming the halls in search of the
Director.  As I was turning the corner to check back
with the office again, I saw him coming up the walk.  I
immediately went to him, shook his hand and said,
"Welcome to Swanson Hall, sir!"

"Hello, Andrew" he replied.  "You're certainly looking
professional this morning!"

"Yes, Sir.  I try to look the part I am playing
whenever I can.  Would you care for some coffee?"

"No, thank you.  Why don't we get on with the tour?  I
have several other buildings to visit before lunchtime.
Where is the GR?"

"He is taking a test this morning and has asked me to
escort you around the building."

"That doesn't surprise me," Dr. Smith replied.  "Lead
the way, Andrew!"

Dr. Smith and I walked the length of each hallway,
peeking into doors that were open.  He smiled and said
hello to residents who I had strategically placed
throughout the building that I trusted to present a
proper image to him.  He seemed impressed with the
facilities and the people who lived in them.  We ended
up at the office, and I began opening file drawers for
his inspection.  He waved his arm, as if a Sultan, and
said, "I've no need to examine your files.  I am well
versed in your talents as a clerk.  There is one other
thing I need to see, before I move on."

"What is that?" I inquired.

"In all my years here, I've yet to see what the RA
rooms in this building look like.  I am in the process
of evaluating living spaces for staff members, and was
wondering if I could see an RA room."

"Well, Sir, I am the only staff member in the building
at the moment, but I must warn you that my room is not
terribly neat at the moment."

"Oh, that's OK.  I'm not particularly interested in
your room's contents.  I just want to see the
structural layout of the room, and check the
furniture."

I wasn't exactly sure where this was leading, but I had
my suspicions.  Every person on staff knew I was gay,
and we have all wondered about Dr. Smith.  He has no
wife, lives alone, and is rarely seen in public other
than on campus.  So, I lead the way, somewhat
aprehensively, to my room down the hall from the
office.

I keyed in, stepped aside, pushed the door open and
waved the Director in.  Once in, he waved me in, and
pulled the door behind him and locked it!  Holy Shit!
Now I was more than certain that something interesting
was about to happen.

I turned towards the Director and looked at him
inquisitively, and asked, "Well, what do you think?"
His eyes swept the room quickly, and stopped dead in
their tracks on the wall with all my naked men.  He
looked at me, sneered a bit, and said, "Let's not beat
around the bush.  I don't have much time, but I bet
you'd be interested in a little action."

"Well, Sir," I replied somewhat cautiously.  "It's no
secret that you are the best looking administrator on
campus.  I've often fantasized about making love to
you."

"Well, then," he said, "Let's do it!"  With that he
quickly disrobed and stood in all his glory before me
as I shucked my duds.  He was a specimen!  Six feet
tall, dark hair, incredibly toned though not terribly
muscular.  He had long tapered legs that made me want
to scream in lust, and had just enough hair on his body
to prove he was a man.  Perhaps the most stunning part
of him was his cock.  I'm guessing at least seven
inches long and so thick it looked like a beer can!  It
was nestled among what looked like downy-soft hair and
hanging below were the most incredibly edible looking
testicles I have ever seen.  Each was a work of art--
huge, smooth and pulsing just slightly.  His ballsac
was completely devoid of hair.  In all, I was overcome
with lust!

I knelt in front of my boss, and started licking his
huge cockhead.  Trying to swallow his pole proved a
task for someone with a much bigger jaw, but I did my
best.  He didn't seem to mind that I couldn't take it
all and was running his long fingers through my hair
and moaning audibly.  I continued to suck, running my
tongue up and down his shaft.  The veins that lined his
cock were now beginning to really bulge, and my tongue
sang its praises as it glided up and down.  He was
leaking precum copiously into my mouth, and I savored
each drop as it melted down my throat.

My hands found his tight, smooth ass and began kneading
his cheeks.  He moaned louder when my long bony index
finger found his asshole, and I sunk it in quickly and
effortlessly, discovering that he had lubed his ass
recently.  I looked up inquisitively at his face, which
was contorting in pleasure, and he smiled and said that
he had prepared himself just in case this was to
happen.

I stood up and wrapped my arms around this gorgeous
sexy man, and we kissed hungrily.  I tasted the raw
sensuality of the man as our tongues battled for
territory.  We broke away only when we were about to
turn blue from lack of oxygen and threw ourselves still
joined on the bed.  Somehow I ended up on the bottom of
him and he began licking and kissing his way to my
cock.  Without warning he swallowed the entire length
of my root in one fell swoop and applied intense
vacuum-like suction to it.  I was in total heaven.  My
hips bounced up and down so hard that I am sure I was
hurting him, but he grunted in pleasure with each
thrust.  Somewhat without warning, my cock just
unloaded every ounce of sperm it had saved up since my
last cum.  Gallons of spunk flooded into Dr. Smith's
mouth and to my surprise, he drank it down like milk.

When my cock had subsided, he let go of it and began
tonguing my asscheeks.  Drawing closer and closer to
its target, his tongue licked and caressed the area
around my hole.  I was so caught up in the intensity
of the moment that I didn't even hear myself shouting,
"Fuck me you goddamned tease!! Fuck me until I scream,
you studfucker!"

With little hesitation, he aimed that massive cockhead
at my hole and began slowly pushing in.  The pain was
intense and I grunted as his cock advanced each little
inch.  Finally he had speared my ass with his entire
shaft and he settled in to fucking the utter shit out
of me.  Slowly at first, then building in pressure and
speed, his cock moved within me making music with the
walls of my ass.  Each time his bulbous head hit my
prostate I whined loudly.  Each time his shaft sounded
its depth I moaned.  I was writhing on the bed,
thrashing my head back and forth, and moaning
unintelligible garbage at this stud who was raping my
mancunt with such expertise.

After a lengthy pillage of my ass, he began shooting.
Gob after gob after gob of creamy white spunk bathed
the hot walls of my ass, cooling them off.  I moaned as
I felt within me each new spurt hit the depths of my
ass.

Spent, he lay on top of me, his mammoth cock still
inside me but losing his erection.  Our mouths met and
we kissed silently for some time until his cock plopped
out of my hole followed by a virtual river of his
semen.  I reached my hand down and scooped a small
puddle from the bed and brought it to our dueling
tongues.  We shared the wonder of the stuff and pushed
it back and forth until we each had a mouthful to
swallow.

Dr. Smith got up and wiped his cock clean.  I gave it a
few playful licks as he did so, and soon he was hard
again.  I quickly brought him to orgasm and allowed him
to shoot all over my chest so that I could lick it off
later and savor the experience.

We didn't talk much while he dressed.  I lay on the
bed, utterly spent, cum dripping from my face, my
chest, and my ravaged asshole.  I smiled as I watched
him return to the professional look I was used to.  In
his Director tone of voice he said, "Your building will
receive the highest rating.  I hope you will come to me
with any problems and concerns in the future."

I smiled wearily and said, "You can count on seeing me
more often, Sir.  Thanks for showing me what authority
is all about in this department."

"No problem.  I felt it worth my time to spend some
extra time with you, Andrew.  I think you have a real
potential in Student Personnel."  With that, he winked
and was gone.  I fell asleep almost immediately, and
woke many hours later to find that I was still covered
with his spunk.  I licked it off, jumped in the shower,
and continued with my day.



                        Part VI


Programming has always been something that I'm good at.
I seem to have the knack for creating entertaining and
worthwhile hall programming for my residents that is
not the run-of-the-mill "here's someone who is going to
babble about safe sex for an hour" kind of
presentation.

I had spent some time trying to come up with a social
kind of program for the six or seven men staying over
break.  I wanted to give them something fun to do that
would alleviate their boredom during the evening.  What
I hit upon was an informal gathering in the lounge
where we could play some games, eat some pizza, drink a
few beers, and perhaps peruse a movie on the VCR.

I posted a flyer in the bathroom (the best place to
communicate with everyone!) and made arrangements to
get some food delivered.

That evening, at the appointed time, I was surprised to
find all eight men still on the hall in the lounge,
salivating.  Right behind me came the pizza man with
several steaming pizzas.  We devoured them and the
additional munchies that I had brought in no time at
all.  Someone suggested a movie, and we put The
Godfather in the VCR.  We turned out the lights and
relaxed on the comfortable furniture and enjoyed the
movie.  By the time it was over, a couple of the guys
had fallen asleep.  They got up when I turned the
lights on and went to sleep.  That left me, Steve,
Brad, Clark and Eric.  We sat and stared at each other
for a while, and after a lengthy pause, I said, "OK,
fellas.  What are we going to do now?"

Steve suggested that we play a game, and I began
listing all the board games we had in the office.  None
sounded terribly interesting, though, and we just
stared at each other.  Suddenly, as if inspired, Brad
yelled, "What was that game we used to play as kids?
Was it Truth or Dare?"

Clark echoed, "Yeah!  That was a cool game!  Let's
play!"

I looked at all four of them in turn with a question
mark face.  Each nodded almost gravely-- it was comical
and eerie all at the same time.  Once I realized that
everyone wanted to play, I motioned for them to join me
on the floor in a circle.  We all sat facing each other
and sat nervously.  I told them that each would get a
chance to challenge all four of the others and that
everyone had to take this seriously.

Steve started by looking at Brad.  "Truth or Dare?" he
said.  Brad replied "Truth, man."  "OK...." started
Steve.  "Have you ever had sex with a girl?"

Brad immediately spat out "Sure, man!  Are you
kidding?"

Then Steve looked at Eric.  "Truth or Dare?"  Eric
looked straight at Steve and said "Truth."

Steve thought for a moment and said, "Have you ever had
sexual thoughts for a man?"  There was a long pause.
Time seemed to drag out.  Finally, Eric answered meekly
"Yes.  Yes, I have."

Steve finished his round with much the same innocuous
questions until Clark began his turn.  After asking me
if I had ever tasted my own semen and I had replied
yes, he looked at Eric and said, "Truth or Dare?"

Eric said "Truth" and appeared to hold his breath.

"This is a two-parter, man.  Second round questions are
allowed to be two-parters, right?"  Everyone nodded.
"What I want to know, then, is (a) if those sexual
thoughts you've had about men were about anyone on our
floor, and (b)if so, who?"

The electricity in the room rose unbearably.  Suddenly
this was not such an innocent game.  We all looked
expectantly at Eric who was, at this point, sweating
bullets.  "C'mon, guys.  This isn't fair!" he wailed.

"We all agreed to do this, man.  You can't back out
now!" I replied.

"Okay, okay, let me think a minute, then," Eric
mumbled.

We waited in silence for a few seconds and then Eric
spoke.  "At first, I was not sure who I was interested
in.  There are several very handsome guys on our floor.
I started lusting after several of you guys even though
I assume you are all straight.  I've narrowed my lust
down these past few weeks to two guys.  Now don't get
pissed, but one is Clark and the other is Andrew."

No one spoke for a few seconds, then seeing that it
could get out of hand, I said, "Well, frankly I'm
flattered, Eric.  I think it's cool."

"Yeah, me too, man.  No sweat," said Clark.

Brad looked around and said, "This is making me horny.
Why don't you blow me, Eric?"

I looked at Brad with shock and said, "Jesus, Brad.
The man just told you a deep dark secret and you are
trying to make him feel worse?  You should be shot!"

"Oh, man, I'm sorry.  I'm just so horny I can't stand
it.  Hey, Eric, I DARE you to eat this...." and with
that he whipped out his monster cock, the cock I had
seen earlier in the showers and beat off over.

Eric looked around helplessly, but grinned and said,
"What the fuck.... a buddy in need is a buddy in need!"
With that he crawled across the circle and swallowed
Brad to the hilt.  Brad, somewhat surprised that Eric
had actually been so bold, let his hands fall to his
sides and moaned.  "Oh, shit, Eric.  That feels great."

We were all enjoying the show.  I could see big bulges
all around the circle, and several hands crept secretly
to caress what lay beneath those mounds.  I felt a
little bolder and took my aching cock from the confines
of my jeans and began jacking.  Steve looked at me
questioningly and I nodded.  He scooted over and
swallowed my cock with the practice he had gained
earlier in the week.  I turned myself around and pushed
his shorts and jock down and took his rockhard cock
down my throat.

Clark seemed to be the only one who was alone, and he
was apparently pretty nervous.  I saw him eyeing all
this hot action out of the corner of my eyes and
stopped sucking Steve long enough to say, "Why don't
you drop those drawers and join in, Clark?  You've got
nothing to lose!"

Clark stood up and shucked his clothes off and stood
totally naked, towering over the four of us sucking so
madly.  He suggested we form a chain, and with a little
maneuvering, we did so.  I sucked Steve, Steve sucked
Brad, Brad sucked Clark, Clark sucked Eric and Eric
sucked me.  The room was filled with the musky smell of
these five bouncing crotches, and the sexual tension
was high.

Eric was the first to come, blasting his cum all over
Clark.  This apparently triggered Clark because I heard
Brad swallowing madly, trying to catch every drop.
Brad came close to that because Steve gasped as Brad's
sperm shot all over his face, dripping onto the floor.
I shot about this time, surprisingly down Eric's
throat.  He took every last drop and smacked his lips
when it was over.  Steve shot down my throat shortly
thereafter.

We all lay back and grinned. "Shit, I never knew it
could be that good, man," said Brad.  "I can't believe
I've been trying for six months to get Susan to do that
and I could have had it right here!"

Everyone seemed kind of uncertain what came next, so I
lay on my back and asked Steve to fuck me.  He mounted
me with a grin and began pummeling my ass with a
vengance.  The other three stood over us, beating
renewed erections furiously.  Just as Steve shot deep
within my ass, I was showered with cum from the other
three.  Steve and I licked each other clean much to the
delight of everyone present, and we all lay back
exhausted.

No one spoke for a while as we fondled ourselves to a
third erection.  The cadence of our slow jacking
increased until we were all in a circle jerking for our
lives.  I shouted breathlessly, "The one who hits
closest to the bottle cap in the middle of the floor
gets to fuck me!"  They all grinned gleefully and began
to concentrate.  When everyone started shooting, only
Eric was able to hit the bottle cap.  When it was all
over with, I got down on all fours and offered him my
ass.

He got behind me and plunged headfirst into my ass,
sliding effortlessly in and out of the well lubed
canal.  It felt so good that I started moaning groaning
with each thrust.  We were feverishly rocking back and
forth as the other three watched.  They were grinning
intently and concentrating on every move we made.  Eric
shouted triumphantly as he began pouring shot after
shot of hot steamy spunk into my ass.  He came for a
surprisingly long time considering what he had already
poured forth, and pulled out as the last shot arched
over my ass and hit my back.  He fell back on the floor
panting and gasping and I crumpled on the floor.

Just about this time, the night security guard was
walking the hallway and hearing the ruckus, knocked on
the door.  I knew from his jingling keychain who it was
and threw my shorts and t-shirt on and ran to the door.
I opened it slightly and stepped outside.

"Is everything okay in there, sir?" he inquired with a
curious wink and grin.

"How long have you stood here, officer?" I asked.

"Just long enough to get pretty turned on, man.  Wanna
let me have a try at that sweet ass?"

"Sure, man.  Let me deal with them, and I'll meet you
in my room in a few minutes."

With that, he turned and walked towards my room.  I
went back in and told the guys that a security problem
had come up and I had to go deal with it.  After
assuring them that we could do this again before break
was over, I headed down the hall to my room and to the
hunk that was waiting to ravage my ass.  Needless to
say, the security guard and I had a wonderful evening
that lasted way into the early morning hours.


                        Part VII

Now that the inspection was over with, I could
concentrate on the next things on my calendar.  I dug
down through the piles of paperwork on my desk and
found it, the book that governed my existence.

Scanning the next couple of days, I saw no major events
until my eyes wandered to Friday where I had penciled
in "Mark?"  Could this be the weekend that my little
brother was coming to visit and see what college was
like?  I quickly dialed home and got him on the second
ring.

"Hey, Mark, this is Andrew.  Are you still coming up
this weekend?"

"Yeah, man, if it's OK with you.  I've been looking
forward to this for months!"

"Sure," I replied.  "My room is a mess but that
shouldn't bother a slob like you!  Ha!"

"No, you know I don't give a shit about what your room
looks like.  I guess I will be there before dinner
Friday.  Wanna go out somewhere?"

"Sure!  I'll be looking for you.  You know how to get
here don't you?"

"Yepper!  See ya Friday, man!"

"Bye!"  I hung up the phone and stared at my messy
room.  Beginning to straighten up a little, I thought
to myself how much I was looking forward to seeing
Mark.  I don't get to see him often since he is a three
season athlete in high school.  Since he was on spring
break in the middle of his senior year and had not
opted to take the traditional cruise with his friends,
coming up here would be a perfect vacation for him and
a welcome respite from the grind for me.

Three days passed quickly, during which time I made
some plans for friends to join the two of us and
cleaned up my room.  I was tempted to forget moving in
another bed for him and just have the two of us sleep
together like we did when we were younger, but since
Mark is quite popular with the girls, I decided to give
him the option of having his own bed.

I waited around Friday afternoon in anticipation of his
arrival.  At about 5 o'clock, he finally showed up,
having drive the better part of the morning and
afternoon.  He jumped out of the car and ran to me,
yelling all the way.  We met on the sidewalk and hugged
briefly, shook hands, and I helped him carry his stuff
inside to my room.  As we were walking down the hall,
several heads popped out to see what he looked like
since I had described him to my friends as a model-
quality god.  They smiled as they realized I was right.

We went into my room and I tossed his stuff on the bed.
I offered him a coke which he accepted and we sat down
and caught up on the boring family stuff.  I asked him
how his love life was going, and much to my surprise he
looked down and said nothing.

"What?  My little stud-brother having a hard time with
the chicks?  I don't believe it!" was my amazed
response to this.  He looked at me and said, "Well, the
truth is, I don't think I like them anymore."

"What do you mean?" I asked suspiciously.

"Well, you've told me many times how wonderful your
life is, and how much pleasure you get from fucking
sucking men.  I think that maybe I am supposed to be
that way too.  I've never tried anything much, but
there's this little nerd who picks up our equipment
after track that has sucked me off a couple of times,
and each time he does it I want to suck him off even
more.  That's why I came here, man.  I thought you
might be able to help me find out which I really
prefer."

He looked at me with pleading puppy-dog eyes and I
could think of nothing to say.  Finally, I sqeaked out,
"Are you saying what I think you are saying, man?"

He looked at me and nodded, got up, closed the door and
locked it.  He took his clothes off slowly with his
back turned to me.  I had often fantasized about this
moment, but never seriously given it a lot of thought.
As he turned around, the first thing that came into
view was the most incredible cock I had ever seen.  He
smiled sheepishly as he gave it a playful tug and
walked towards me.

I stood up and started unbuttoning my clothes.  He
stopped me and did it himself, taking off each piece
slowly and seductively.  When he had completely
disrobed me and my cock was bouncing in the wind, he
knelt down and looked long and hard at it.
Tentatively, he stuck out his tongue and touched it to
my cockhead.  He seemed to like the taste and feel
since he slowly began inhaling my tumescent shaft, inch
by deliciously slow inch.  Finally, with his nose
nestled in my pubes, he began his first suck job with
the skill of a novice and the dedication of an expert.
I began to shake uncontrollably from the action he was
taking, and sat down on the bed.  I grabbed his ears
and pulled his mouth off my cock, making a plopping
noise as he released it.  I told him to stand back up
and as he did, his enormous cock brushed my cheeks in
passing.

I looked at this marvelous piece of manmeat for ages,
taking in each vein, crevice and pore.  It was truly
the most amazing cock I had ever seen.  The head was
huge, the size of the larger mushrooms you find in the
grocery store.  The shaft was at least ten inches long,
maybe more, and I could just barely get my medium sized
hands around it.  Thick, blue veins throbbed the entire
length of it and I watched the blood flow from the tip
to the root curiously engrossed.  I finally snapped out
of my daydream and licked the head all over.  This made
Mark shudder, so I had him lie down on the bed where I
could work on him better.  I took the head in my mouth
and lavishly swirled my tongue around and around its
soft velvetness.  He moaned in appreciation as I began
inching down, down, down, down until I could take no
more.  I looked down and realized I only had half of it
in my mouth.

I was determined to take the whole thing and show my
brother why men give better head than women.  I
concentrated on nothing else, and soon found my throat
muscles relaxing enough to take a few more inches.
Finally my nose found his soft and thick pubes, and I
drank in his manly scent for the first time.  This was
pure, raw, animal magnetism at its best here, folks.
The tastiest piece of fuckmeat I had swallowed in ages!
I slowly slid up and down on the shaft, fondling his
heavy ballsac while I was sucking him off.  He began
writhing on the bed, and I knew he was close so I eased
off.

I lay atop him and looked deep into his eyes.  He
smiled weakly, still in the throes of trying to cum and
not being allowed to.  I looked down and asked him if
he was enjoying himself and he could only nod and lick
his lips.  As he opened his mouth to say something, I
locked mine over it and stuck my tongue in his mouth.
My tongue played hide and seek  with his, searching and
seeking until the two met in the middle, wrestling to
express the emotions that we both felt for each other.
My hands wandered over the broad expanse of his body
rejoicing in the smooth but well toned muscles they
found as they glided.  I inched my hands down until
they found our cocks, and I grabbed them and began to
rub them together, kissing all the while.

Gasping for breath, I broke the kiss and traced his
chest with my tongue.  I swirled my tongue around his
firm pectorals, and honed in on his hard nipples, each
chocolate brown and hard as nails.  My mouth followed
the light trail of hair formed between his tits down to
his navel and into his crotch.  I gave his cock a few
more loving strokes with my tongue and then lifted his
legs over my shoulders.  I followed that wonderful
little cord of flesh between balls and ass and reveled
in the musky smell of it.  My tongue found his ass and
began pushing its way into his virgin hole by swirling
in circles, closer and closer and closer until it
finally hit the bullseye and began prying its way in.

Hitting paydirt, I felt around the insides of my little
brother's asshole with my tongue, sending as much spit
as I could inside.  I pulled my face away and jabbed at
his shitter with my longest finger, inching those tight
walls open and feeling around inside.  He began to
whine like a beat child and surprised my by begging for
more.  "More fingers!  More fingers!  Don't stop!" he
cried.

Eager to please I inserted one then two more fingers.
I had three fingers planted firmly in his ass, writhing
around.  He was almost in a frezy to be fucked, and
this only turned me on more.  With one hand I lubed my
dick with some additional spit and pulled my fingers
from his ass.  He whimpered for more, and then sighed
contentedly as I slipped him my throbbing rod.

I pushed in slowly, trying to minimize the pain and
shock I knew he was experiencing.  His face had screwed
up in a scowl as he grimaced from the shock of the
intruder, and I continued to ease in slowly.

Each inch brought me closer to being all the way there,
and when I finally pushed my pubic hair into his
asscheeks, I knew we had become one.  His face had
relaxed somewhat, and the new expression was one of
pure wonderment.  He smiled as he noticed me looking
intently at him and said, "Fuck the utter shit out of
my hole, big brother.  I want to feel your wonderful
stud-cock beating in and out of me!  Fuck me to death!"

It was the brotherly thing to do.  I did as he asked
and began pummelling his ass to death!  I was heaving
my whole body into the fuck, moving forward and down,
backward and up, until we had established a cadence
that would keep us going.  He met each thrust eagerly
and as sweat sprayed off both of us, we shouted in
unison, alternately praising God and calling on the
Devil.

I was close.  So close that I could not stop. I reached
down and began fisting my little brother's cock with
all the energy I had left.  I beat him furiously to the
same beat that I was raving his tight little ass.  We
worked in tandem, shouting and yelling as we reached
pleasures with each other that we had not even dreamed
of.

Suddenly, without warning, Mark began to literally
spray our bodies with jet after jet of steamy cum.  It
kept coming and coming until I thought he would drain
his whole body of fluids.  He grunted and panted as he
came and his face was screwed up in an image of pure
animal lust.  As he continued to whitewash his belly
and mine, I began pumping an incredible load of my own,
bathing the inside of his ass walls with creamy spunk.
We both were frenzied, and were yelling at the top of
our lungs.  I continued to jack and fuck, milking out
the trail end of each of our huge loads.

Finally spent, I reached down and slurped up some of
his sperm from his belly.  It was so like mine, and so
different, all at the same time. I kissed him deeply,
feeding him his own load in the process, and our hearts
beat on, still quick, but slowing.

We cuddled on the bed, covered from head to toe in
sweat and semen, and fell asleep as a light breeze
caressed our naked skin.

Several hours later, I felt him stir beneath me and I
awoke to find him staring deep into my eyes.  I grinned
and asked, "Still confused about which sex brings you
more pleasure?"

"Nope.  But I would really like to do it again, just to
make sure!" he said.

And we did.


                        Part VIII


College for me has not been all fun and games, fucking
and sucking.  Every now and then, I have to settle down
to some serious schoolwork.  As I am basically the
center of attention on my hall, I rarely get anything
done in my room.  As such, I have been known to haunt
the college's library from time to time.

On one such night, I had been at my desk in the stacks
somewhere for about two hours, when the urge to piss
overtook me and would not allow me to concentrate.  I'm
not terribly fond of public bathrooms on this campus;
for some reason they are always dark and seldom
cleaned.  I had never actually been in any of the
bathrooms in the library, but had to go so badly I
would have peed in a can if I had one.

Bucking up my courage, I put my book down and headed
off in search of the bathroom.  It was in the center
core of the building where the elevators were, and I
was surprised, upon entering, at the overall brightness
and cleanliness of it.  Don't get me wrong, now-- I
wasn't about to eat off the floor, but I felt more than
satisfied that germs flying through the air would not
land on me and turn me into The Fly.

I appeared to be alone, and went into a stall.  I
hurriedly unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out and
began pouring forth the torrential rains that I knew
were lodged within my bladder.  As I stood there, I
realized that other bodily functions were required as
well.  I undid my pants and turned around and sat down
and went to work.  As I sat there, I began to notice
the graffiti on the walls of the stall.  "For a really
good time call...", "I suck big cocks only if you
call...","I need to get off bad...", and one that
caught my eye especially: "I am new to cocksucking and
need practice.  Will be here at 9:00 pm on the 17th.
Tap your foot if you want service."

I looked at my watch and realized it was one minute
until 9:00 on the appointed date.  Just as I was
marvelling at the boldness of this invitation, the
outer door to the bathroom opened and someone came in
and took the stall to my right.  I heard jeans
unzipping and a little shuffling around, but did not
hear any of the typical sounds of someone using the
bathroom for its intended purpose.  This was getting
interesting.

The person next to me began making "obvious noises" and
so I stuck my foot under the partition and tapped it a
couple of times on the floor.  He pushed my foot back
to my side and a piece of paper came floating down from
over the partition.  I unfolded it and it said, "Throw
this back if you are interested in some serious head,
and do not move from where you are right now."

The mystery and intrigue levels here were starting to
get me excited and my cock reacted appropriately.  I
threw the piece of paper back over the partition and
waited, my cock throbbing in my lap.  I couldn't resist
giving it a couple of strokes as I waited for the
mystery man's next actions.  I was completely
unprepared for what happened next.  As I sat there, the
front of the large institutional toilet paper roll
holder opened to reveal my mystery man's side of the
stall.  He had removed his unit completely, and was
pulling the "innards" of my unit to his side.  In a
second or two, he had a large hole between the stalls
that was just the right height.  I looked through the
hole and saw nothing at first, then a finger beckoned
me (or my cock, I should say) to stick itself in the
hole.

"What the hell," I thought, and stood up and stuck my
ramrod through the opening.  In nothing flat, sweet and
terribly wet lips had encircled my knob and were
sucking insistently.  I put my hands on the top of the
partition and let this guy go to work.  He sucked like
a novice but was insistent and trying very hard to be
good at what he was doing.  His tongue flicked around
my engorged cockhead and each drop of precum that
seeped out went straight down this guy's throat.  I
moved my pelvis with the rhythm he was creating, and
before long, he had managed, much to my amazement, to
swallow the length of my rod.  I began building my
fuckpace to a slow canter, pounding the partition
harder and harder as my cock sunk in and out of this
sweet mouth.  He was getting better with practice, and
soon had me humming to myself as I prepared to blow.

I began rocking harder and harder, pummelling his face
with my tube until the moment arrived when my balls
began forcing their sweet nectar to the outside world.
He sensed my impending orgasm and clamped down on my
cock with all his might as if daring any spunk to leak
out.  The pressure was all I needed and I began to
unload blast after blast of sexjuice into his waiting
and greedy throat.  I came four or five times, shooting
slightly smaller blasts each time, until my legs were
shaking so hard that the partition was banging back and
forth.  As the last dribble poured out of my cocktip, I
withdrew from his mouth and stepped back, gasping for
breath.  I looked through the hole and was amazed to
find the last person I expected to find sucking cocks
in a library bathroom: my next door neighbor, Ted.

I stuck my face through the hole, smiled, and said,
"Goddamn, man!  If you wanted action, you should have
just come next door!"

He bent over and smiled.  "Don't you find this a little
more exciting, though, man?" he asked.

"Well, sure.  I must admit it was really hot knowing we
could get caught, but I'm so hot now I could go again!"

"Well, why don't we go home and do something about
that, Andrew?"  With that having been said, he closed
up the hole, putting the toilet paper units back into
place.  We went into the library proper, I gathered my
books, and we began the long walk back to the dorm.  As
we walked, I hung back a little so I could look at him.
I had never really noticed Ted before-- he's not
terribly good looking but he's not ugly either.  Kind
of nondescript, really.  I checked him out as he
walked, and I like what I saw very much.  He had a
tight little ass that just begged to be plugged.

We arrived back at the dorm and went straight to his
room.  With almost no conversation, we undressed and
met on the bed, mouths open to each other, kissed long
and hard.  While rolling around, I could feel my cock
rubbing his, both of which were hard as rocks.  I knew
what I wanted and flipped him over so that he was on
all fours.  I pried his buttcheeks apart and sunk my
tongue into his musky hole.  I reamed him for a
considerably long time, enjoying the feelings and
sensations that my mouth was experiencing.  Ted seemed
to be enjoying himself as well as he pushed his ass
back towards my face and wiggled around, trying to
create new depths for my tongue.

Able to stand the pressure no more, I got on my knees
and pushed my cockhead against his hole.  I began to
push in and he roared, "Take it easy, asshole!  I've
never done this before!"

My cock instantly got harder knowing that I was about
to fill virgin territory.  I eased my cockhead past the
constricting muscles and it sank into his ass canal.
Ever so slowly, I eased my fucktube into his tight hot
hole until I had buried myself to the root and my pubes
were scratching his asscheeks.  He moaned in pleasure
and that gave me the go-ahead to fuck the crap out of
him.  My passion and lust had built to a frenzied
level, and I began thrusting in and out hard and long.
He was moaning loudly now, grunting as I hit rock
bottom at each thrust.

I grabbed his hips and threw myself into my fucking,
pounding his ass with all my might as I rode this guy
like a cowboy.  He grunted and moaned in appreciation,
bucking with me until we were literally a blur.

With little warning, the lava in my cock began to flow
deep within his bowels, bathing the hot rippling flesh
with warm creamy spunk.  I blasted several big shots
and withdrew, shooting the rest all over his asscheeks.
As I calmed down, I bent down and licked his ass clean,
rimming the entrance to his ass, tasting my semen mixed
with his musky goo.  I flipped him over and sat right
down on his cock, bouncing up and down until he was
digging his fingernails into my arms.  I knew he must
be close, and true to form, he shot his hot load with
great force up into my ass.  I slid up and down on his
pole as he shot, relishing in the squishy pleasure we
were both experiencing.  I slowed as I felt the last
spurt shot inside me and allowed his cock to find its
way back to the outside.  I laid down atop him, and we
kissed deeply, rolling around on the bed.

Panting and with hearts racing, we drew apart and
laughed.  "Had I known you were this good, I would have
never left this building, stud!" Ted said to me.

"Well, I'm always here, always horny, and always
willing," I said with a wink.  "Come back any time."

Ted left shortly thereafter, after planting a few more
kisses my way, and I sat down at my desk and returned
to my studies.


                        Part IX

Once a year the entire Housing staff, comprised of two
hundred RA's, thirty GR's and several other assorted
Housing folks leave campus en masse and travel to some
cheesy campground or other such "resort" for two nights
and three days of intensive training and bonding for
the following year.

I have always hated these adventures.  There's always a
lot of touchy-feely activity that frankly gags me
thinking about it.  I have, in the past, always had a
miserable time.

This year looked no different.  We all amassed at some
god-forsaken camp that the Health Department might be
really interested in, and were given bunk assignments
in an acre of cabins.  I was bunked with other members
of the staff of my building and for some reason, there
was room for one extra person and it was filled by a
guy from another community that I didn't know.

I could tell, as we all unpacked and goofed around,
that he was very uncomfortable being with a group of
people who knew each other well and didn't know him, so
I went up and introduced myself to him.  Standing close
to him, I got a good look at him and realized, much to
my pleasure, that he was quite attractive.  Jason was
about five ten, was slight in build, and had long
flowing auburn hair that almost reached his waist in
the back.  It was perfectly straight, perfectly
sparkling clean and blew gently in the wind.  His face
was smooth and clear.  His smile was absolutely
flawless, and his big manly hands felt good in mine as
we shook hands.  Jason was, in a word, a handsome boy!

I told him about some of the people on my staff and
suggested we walk down to the "chow hall" and get a
coke while we were waiting for the first session.  As
we walked, we talked about ourselves and our lives.
Several minutes passed as we walked and enjoyed each
other's company when Jason stopped and turned to me.

"Are you, by any chance, the Andrew that is Andrew, the
gay RA?" he asked me.

"Yes, I am.  I guess I have quite a reputation, don't
I?"

"Well, if what I hear is true, you are a real voice for
the gay community on campus, and represent yourself and
your peers well when confronted with residents and
staff that have questions and concerns about gay life."

"I'm flattered, Jason," I commented.  "It has always
been my hope to be open and free with information to
foster growth of the gay/lesbian/bisexual community on
campus."

"I think that's cool.  I've always wanted to sit down
with someone like you and find out about gay life."

"Well, there's no time like the present," I said.

We left the main path and headed off into the woods.
Within 100 yards, we had found a clearing that was
rather well protected from the rest of the woods.  We
sat on a fallen tree and began to talk.  An hour later
(missing the first session, of course), we were still
sitting and still talking.  I had told him about my
varied experiences and about coming out, etc.  The
conversation was pleasant to say the least, as I enjoy
talking to people about my homosexuality.  As we
talked, we inched closer together quite unconsciously
until our knees touched.

The electricity that flowed from Jason's knee to mine
was intense.  I stopped talking and looked right into
his eyes and said, "Do I take it that you are more than
just curious about all this?"

"I think so.  I find the thought of male to male sex
so arousing I cannot explain it." he said.

I took his hands in mine and looked deep into his
gorgeous eyes.  I leaned over and kissed him lightly on
the cheek.  He kissed my cheek back, and without
warning we were deeply kissing, wrapping our tongues
around each other.  We broke the kiss and I began to
run my hands over his shoulders and down his back.  He
did the same to me as we resumed kissing.  We kissed
violently, passionately, hungrily until we had rolled
to the soft ground in front of us.  I laid Jason gently
down on his back and unbuttoned his shirt.  His chest
was totally smooth and so incredibly soft that I almost
came just running my hands across it.  I tweaked his
nipples as he raised his back up to remove his shirt.
I laid it beneath him to form a cushion and began
tonguing his chest.  I sucked on his nipples, eliciting
soft coos from him.  He was running his wonderfully
long fingers through my hair and whispering great
things as I travelled down.  I unsnapped his jeans and
pulled them down to his knees and then off, finding, to
my surprise that he was wearing no underwear!

His cock was rockhard and curved slightly to the left.
It was not massive in length, but was quite thick,
tapered from the head to the root.  It was nestled in
soft auburn pubic hair and I ran my hands through it
loving the soft feeling of it.  I pulled his pants all
the way off and hefted his heavy balls in my hands.
They felt full of spunk, and I lowered my head to his
cock to draw it out.

I licked the head softly and gently as his hands found
my hair and began twisting it.  I took the shaft in my
mouth and sank down to the root, easily filling my
mouth with his rockhard member.  I glided up and
tongued the veins as I came up.  I licked around the
head, swirling my tongue in sheer adoration of this
favorite piece of mail anatomy of mine.  He was
obviously enjoying what I was doing as the pressure he
was putting on my hair got stronger and stronger.

His hips began to lift off of the ground and I stopped
sucking to lick on his balls.  His ballsac, like so
much of his body, was completely hairless and I licked
each ball carefully, drawing them into my mouth first
one at a time and then together.  I continued my
downward journey and licked the cord of flesh I find so
erotic, the one that connects the balls and the
asshole.  As I arrived at his ass, he lifted his legs
so that his knees were bent sharply, and presented his
ass for my inspection.

I tongued his cheeks in my traditional circling motion,
getting closer and closer to his rosebud hole.
Finally, able to stand it no more, I honed in on his
hole and began actively licking and sucking it.  I
rammed my tongue inside his tight steamy bunghole and
began a fucking-like assault on his ass.  He pushed my
head out of the way and rammed one of his long, bony
fingers inside, pushing and pulling quickly, panting
and gasping as he did so.

I quickly shed my shorts and jockstrap and spit on my
raging cock.  I pulled his hand out of his ass (he was
now shoving several fingers in and out) and rammed my
cockhead towards his hole.  Meeting a lot of
resistance, I pushed hard until I felt the head slip by
his gate.  I sunk slowly to the hilt, joining his
groans with my own.  I lay atop him with his feet up in
the air, and pulled out.  In and out I fucked,
eliciting sheer pleasure from his mouth and face as he
looked up at me.  He grabbed my hips and pulled me deep
into him as his cock shook beneath my stomach and began
spewing a huge load of cum.  I pulled out and pumped my
prick until it began spewing as well.  We both watched
as his chest became covered with our spunk.  I shook
the last drops from mine and pushed my fingers all over
his chest, mixing our cum into a thick puddle.  I
leaned down and licked it up, keeping it in my mouth.
When his chest was pretty clean, I laid down atop him
and fed our loads to him.

He swallowed hungrily, searching my mouth's many
cavities with his tongue.  We continued to kiss well
beyond the consumption of the sperm, and our cocks
hardened between us.

We broke apart and I squatted over his cock.  He pushed
me away and knelt in front of my upturned ass and dove
for my pucker, locking his lips over my hole and
pushing his tongue as far in as it would go.  In and
out he teased me.  Then he inserted one of his fingers
and began scraping around, loosening me for his
throbbing cock.  I raised my legs high in the air and
yelled, "Fuck me, Jason!  Fuck me, you stud!"

He needed little encouragement and mounted me like a
stallion, driving his rockhard member deep into my
bowels.  I filled quickly and thrusted my ass muscles
to tighten around his cock.  I met each thrust he made
by pushing my hips up off the ground.  Our fucking
gained a frenzied cadence as his cock sank in and out
of my lusting hole.

I grabbed him around the waist and pulled him deeper
with each stroke.  As his cockhead banged my prostate,
I grunted and moaned in appreciation.  His thick cock
filled me completely, and I did not want this moment to
end.  Suddenly, with little warning, I felt the first
spurt of his jetting semen hit the deepest confines of
my ass.  He continued to pelt my insides with hot
creamy cum until he was flailing his arms and sweat was
pouring from his cute chest.

I pulled him deep inside and pulled him down on top of
me as my cock began spewing between our heaving
bellies.  I kissed him deeply as our cocks subsided,
his in my ravaged ass, mine between us.  We kissed long
and hard until our breathing returned to a more normal
rate, and we rolled around a little, licking each other
clean like little kittens.  We met to kiss again, and
then rolled apart to dress.

As we dressed, we spoke little, but Jason smiled a lot
at me, as if saying he was OK.  I finally asked him
what he was thinking, and he said, "You have no idea
how much I enjoyed that!  I know I am straight, and I
love my girlfriend very much, but I now know how
wonderful fucking between two men can be, and I think
it is great!  I can see why you like being gay!"

I smiled at him and said, "Anytime you feel the need to
do this again, just let me know.  I think you are about
the hottest little thing I've come across in a long
time, Jason!"

"Well, I hate to admit it, but I think we have some
free time tonight after sesssions.  Can we come back
and fuck some more?" Jason asked.

And we did-- all night long!!  (And boy did the staff
whisper the next morning!)  Hee Hee.


                         Part X

     There are very few things that relax me more than playing
the piano.  Near my dorm in the Fine Arts Building, there is a
whole floor of private practice rooms housing some fine pianos.
Every once in a while, when I really need to relax, I pack up my
music and head to the practice rooms to play.

     Perhaps the most interesting thing about these practice
rooms is that once you close the door, no one can see in to see
who is playing.  You even have the luxury of locking the door if
you so choose.  All of this is to say that anything you feel like
doing while practicing is pretty much fair game.

     I find the piano a highly erotic instrument.  I play with
the passion of a Master though I play poorly in the grand scheme
of things.  I am in the habit of wearing almost nothing when I
play, and at some point during my session, I end up naked as a
jaybird.  It is amazing how you can feel each note of the piano
deep into your body if you are not encumbered by clothes!

     At any rate, I was playing one Saturday afternoon and had
reached that naked state.  I was the only one in the building as
far as I knew, and was playing away to my heart's content.  The
music had found its way into my soul and I was enraptured.

     Suddenly, there was a knock on the door.  I stopped playing
and threw my shorts on quickly and jumped up to open the door.
Throwing the door open I was confronted with a fine specimen of
man the likes of which is rarely seen on this campus.  He was
well over six feet tall, had a rugged, chiseled face, a warm
smile and wavy blondish brown hair cascading over his face and
down his back.  What a vision!  He smiled at me and said, "I am
terribly sorry to interrupt you, but I was wondering if you would
let me come in and listen for a few minutes.  You play so well I
was moved in the hallway here!"

     I looked at him and said, "Sure!  I am flattered!  I'm
Andrew, by the way," I said, sticking out my hand.

     He clasped my hand in his and I saw that his hands matched
the rest of him-- huge!

     We went in and I closed and locked the door again.  He sat
down in the corner and said, "Pretend I am not here, man.  I just
want to sit here quietly and listen."

     "Well," I said, "if you weren't here, things would be a
little different.  I usually play in the nude, but in this case,
I think I can adjust for you a little bit," I said with a laugh.

     "Hey, man-- don't change your routine for me.  I have no
problem with your being naked!" he said, smiling deviously.
"That certainly brings a new twist!"

     "OK-- you asked for it."  I then removed my shorts and threw
them towards him where the rest of my clothes were.  This was
truly strange, but I decided that since he was behind me, he
couldn't see much, and I began to play.

     I was enthralled so deeply several minutes later in a Chopin
Etude that I didn't feel him standing behind me for several
seconds, and when I did, I felt his presence deeply within me as
he swayed with me to the music.  I stopped playing and turned
slightly around to face him.  He put his hands on my shoulder and
said, "I hope you won't find this obtrusive, but your music has
moved me.  I feel the need to touch you.  I guess you may have
figured from all of this that I am gay, and I will understand if
you are not and are turned off by all this, but I find you a
beautiful man making beautiful music, and I can't stand it."

     This was a real twist!  I am so used to being the instigator
of this sort of thing I was slightly taken aback by the advances
of this stranger.  I looked up at this massive man and said,
"Actually, I am gay too.  Why don't you take your clothes off and
join me on the bench and let me show you something?"

     He disrobed eagerly and sat down next to me on the bench,
our naked bodies touching at the hips.  He looked at me and said,
"By the way, my name is Ian."

     "Well, Ian, I said, grabbing his rockhard cock with my right
hand, "feel this!"  I struck a deep note on the piano and the
reverberations shook through my body down my arm and into his
cock.  He shivered as the note shook through him.  "Isn't that
cool, man?" I asked.

     "I've never felt anything like it!  Do it again!"  I struck
another note, this time deeper, and he shook from the feeling he
was experiencing.  I placed his hand on my cock and hit another
note, this time letting both of us rock from the vibrations.

     I took my hand off his cock and began playing Tchaikovsky's
Fourth Symphony.  His hand was still on my cock and was shaking
as he swayed back and forth to the music, eyes closed and
smiling.  I played on, getting so wrapped in the music that I
forgot Ian for a second until I felt his hand sliding up and
down on my cock.  I looked down as I played and drank in the
vision of this enormous hand softly caressing my throbbing
member.

     I stopped playing and grabbed his dick.  It was not
particularly large considering the size of him, but it was smooth
and hard as a rock.  I looked more carefully at him and was quite
impressed with his massive chest adorned with a soft nestle of
hair just in the cleft between his pectorals.  His nipples were
huge, taut and hard as nails.  His eyes were closed and I
couldn't resist leaning over and kissing him.  He opened his eyes
and kissed me back deeply, passionately, warmly.  We turned to
face each other, our cocks rising between us in mock defiance of
each other as we kissed.  He wrapped his big manly arms around me
and hugged me tightly.

     The passion was intense.  I broke the kiss and slid off the
bench and onto the floor.  Pulling Ian down to me, I flipped him
around and we ended up in a sixty-nine position.  Quickly we
devoured each others' cocks, rising and falling from the
tumescent shafts with practiced expertise.  I grabbed his ass and
kneaded it as I sucked him off, revelling in the smooth feel of
his skin and the toned musculature of his ass.  He did the same
to me and soon we were rolling around the practice room floor
feeling, sucking and moaning.

     I slipped a finger into his tight little bunghole after
sucking on it for a second and pushed in and out.  His hips
undulated in pleasure and he sucked harder on my cock.  I
withdrew from his mouth and told him to bend over the piano
bench.  At this height, his rosebud was winking at me at just the
right height.  I crawled to his rear and sank my mouth over his
asshole, sucking in and running my tongue around and around his
bunghole, inching closer with each pass.  Finally I rammed my
tongue into his hole, fucking him with light little jabs of my
tongue.  He writhed on the piano bench and his sweating body made
him glide on the ebony finish easily.  I stood up and placed the
tip of my cock at his entrance and pushed in ever so slightly.
Passing the flange, my cockhead became alive with the pressure
and feeling of his warm, tight ass.  I thrusted hard and sank
deep within this beautiful hunk of a man as he cried out in
pleasure/pain.

     "Take it easy, man!  I've only done this a few times!" he
cried in anguish.  I stopped my entry and remained still for a
few seconds so he could adjust to my cock, and when I felt him
relaxing, I continued my push inward.  I found rock bottom soon
enough and my cocktip glided across his prostate gland.  He
moaned appreciatively as it did so, and pushed back on my cock to
get the total depth penetration possible.

     Sensing that he was ready for more massive fucking, I
withdrew and began my slow thrust inward again.  He groaned as my
cock slid through his bowels, and I began thrusting more
earnestly.  Slowly I built this masterful fuck into a rocking
rhythm until he was moaning uncontrollably.  I pulled him off the
bench, still inside him and almost threw him on the floor,
turning him over as he went.

     He was now facing me and put his legs over my shoulders.  I
reached down with my hands, still fucking frantically, and began
running my hands all over his tight muscular body, gliding easily
in the sweat that was beading on his skin.  I fucked with all
abandonment, plunging all the way in and pulling all the way out
with each stroke.  My cockhead was alive with feeling, and I knew
I was close.

     "Don't cum in me, man!" he panted.  "I need that load in my
mouth!"

     I knew I was close, so I pulled out and fed him my aching
cock.  He sucked masterfully, drawing my cock in and out of his
throat with wild abandon.  I fucked his face, eager to shoot my
load down his greedy throat.  Without much fanfare, my cock
erupted in an enormous lavaflow of semen, shooting deep within
his throat.  He drank greedily groaning deeply as he did so.

     I pulled my cock out of his mouth and stroked the last few
spurts all over his face.  Gasping for breath, I fell on him,
wrapping my arms around his head.  I licked my cum from his face
and kissed him deeply, sharing my load with this wonderfully
hunky man.

     I sqatted over his midsection and sank down on his rockhard
member slowly and seductively, sighing and pinching his nipples
as I sank down.

     I began to bob up and down and after several quiet and meaty
moments until I felt his hips shaking.  I looked down at his face
and saw that he was grinning from ear to ear.  "Here it cums,
man!"

     With that, I felt a warm wave of semen splash my inner ass
walls as he began shooting load after creamy load up my chute.  I
continued to bounce on his now sensitive cock as he shot his
load, groaning in pleasure and passion as we rocked up and down
together.  His load began to dwindle, and his cocked slipped from
my ass as it began to soften.  Cum leaked down from my ass all
over his crotch and I sat back a few feet from him and tried to
catch my breath.

     We looked at each other, smiling, for several long minutes
until he reached over and touched my cheek.  "That was by far the
most intense sex I have ever had, man!  You are one talented
dude!" Ian said.

     "You're not so bad yourself, handsome!" I replied.

     I crawled up to the bench and slid across it, hands on the
keys.  I turned to him and said, "And now, to show my
appreciation for having had the experience of making love with
you, I'd like to play an original composition."

     He sat up and wrapped his arms around his knees.  I could
see his soft cock nestled in his pubes as he closed his eyes and
smiled.

     I began to play the composition that I had been working on
for months.  As I got into it, and as my hands coaxed the
hauntingly eerie tune from the piano, I forgot that he was there
for a moment and put my soul into it.  I played the complex
melody through several times and on the third time, he began to
hum along with it.  I grabbed the lyrics from the top of the
piano and flung them at him.

     He grabbed the lyrics as I restarted the melody, and began
to sing in a deep melancholy baritone that made my skin tingle.
I had imagined how this would sound ever since I wrote the
lyrics, but he made it come alive in ways I never dreamed
possible. I played, he sang, we made music.  We did it over again
several times until we were too emotional to continue, and I
joined him on the floor for a hug and kiss.

     We fell asleep there on the floor for some time, woke hours
later and dressed quietly.

     "Would you like to meet here again and sing and 'play'some
more?" I asked coyly.

     "Just tell me when, Andrew!"

     I did, we did, and the rest of the quarter sped by as Ian
and I made more than one type of beautiful music together!



                        Part XI

     I am not athletic.  I detest sports of all kinds.  Physical
activity of any kind makes me queasy.  But I do love athletes--
love them to death.  There is nothing more fine in the whole
world than a sinewy tight athlete.

     I had just gotten a call from a frantic mother of one of my
residents.  She called trying to find her son Jay, one of my
residents.  She said that it was urgent that he contact her and
asked that I try to find him as soon as I could.

     I walked down to Jay's room and asked Phil, his roommate if
he knew where Jay was.  Phil told me to try the gym-- soccer
practice had just begun and he was likely to be in the locker
room before I got there if I walked slowly.

     I headed off to the gym hating the fact that I was headed to
the one building on campus that meant absolutely nothing to me.
My spirits lifted slightly at the prospect of perchance seeing a
few hunks in the raw, and I walked across campus humming softly
to myself about that prospect.

     I arrived in the locker room later than I thought.  Upon
asking where the soccer team cage was, the trainer said that most
of the team had already showered and left, but he pointed to a
cage down the hall and wished me luck in finding Jay.

     I walked down the hall slowly and as I approached the cage
in question, I stopped.  I peeked around the corner hoping to get
a good look at some fine athlete ass before I waltzed in and was
amazed to find Jay sitting on the bench alone, his back facing
me, apparently busy with something in his lap.  I stood and
watched for a few moments and was futher amazed several anxious
seconds later to see spurts of cum shoot out from his lap across
the small cage.  He was breathing heavily and sweat ran down his
back.  I quickly ducked into the next cage as he got up and
grabbed a towel, laying something down on the bench.  He walked
to the showers, not noticing me at all.

     I stole into the cage and walked over to the bench where he
had been sitting and bent over, running my hands over the warm
spot on the wood where he had sat while jacking off.  I looked
over and was astonished to see that he had put down a magazine
when he had gotten up to shower.  I picked it up and the "fake"
Time cover fell off, revealing a XXX hardcore male porn magazine
called "Locker Room Romp." I paged through the magazine revelling
in each page that was graced with photographs of two hot and
horny young studs sucking and fucking in various stages of
athletic dress.  I particularly found one set of pictures with
one fucking the other through the straps of his jockstrap
appealing.  I sat down and whipped out my rod, jacking softly as
I turned the pages.  My cock grew rapidly and soon I was
earnestly stroking my rod and drooling over the photos in the
magazine.

     I was so engrossed in what I was doing that I did not see or
hear Jay return from the shower.  The first I knew of his
presence was his timid cough about a foot away.  I dropped the
magazine as if it were burning my hands and took my other hand
from my throbbing cock.

     "Looks like you found something interesting to read,
Andrew," he said, looking down coyly.

     "I guess so," I replied.  "I never knew you were into this
sort of thing, man." I replied.

     "We all have our secrets, Andrew.  Not everyone is as open
as you about their sexuality.  I've wondered if all the rumors I
had heard about you fucking most of the floor were true-- I guess
they are, huh?"

     "Well, I haven't heard the stories, but I do get a fair
amount of action on our floor.  Even the totally straight ones
are willing to have their cocks services sometimes, Jay!"

     Jay dropped his towel that he had been holding in front of
him and I saw his cock for the first time.  It was beautiful!  I
should stop now and describe the man himself, I suppose.

     Jay stands about six feet tall, is broad shouldered and
broad chested.  He has reddish brown hair and moustache and deep
green eyes.  His chest is more or less devoid of hair, and there
is a small trail of curly pubes heading from his navel to his
nestle around his fine cock.  His cock arches about seven inches
and is turned slightly to the left.  Under it hangs two perfectly
round and quite heavily laden testicles in a smooth ballsac.
Running down from there are the two finest legs I've seen in a
while.  Total muscle, no fat, and only a smattering of downy
hair.  His feet are defined as totally manly-- it's hard to
describe.

     After dropping his towel, Jay reached down and stroked his
massive cock.  It bounced and quivered to his touch and I was
amazed that he could elicit such a response after having just cum
so recently.  He looked me deep in the eyes and said rather shyly
and in a voice I had never heard from him before (childlike, I
guess), "Do you think maybe you could service this little ol'
cock, my RA?"

     I didn't answer with words.  I simply slipped from the bench
and sank to my knees in front of this classic looking man.  I
grabbed his cock out of his hands and licked the tip.  He
shivered as my mouth slowly began to descend upon his rod, inch
by thick, hard inch.  Before too long, and with a little effort,
I had managed to swallow him whole, eliciting moans of pleasure
from him.  I began to suck him slowly, rocking his cock in and
out of my mouth.

     He grabbed my head and pulled me down hard on his cock.  He
began shooting gob after gob of creamy spunk down my greedy
throat as he moaned and grunted with each spurt.  When it was all
over and cum was dripping from my chin, I sat back down on the
bench.  I watched as he bent and began drying the sweat and
shower water from his body.  I eagerly drank in each motion as
his towel filled hands ran up and down his sinewy body drying
every crack and crevice.  He turned and faced the row of lockers
and bent over to dry his legs.  From my vantage point I had a
bird's eye view of his ass and could have sworn his rosebud
winked at me.  As he continued to dry and show his ass, he said,
"You know, that was the first time anyone has ever done that to
me.  I've dreamed of that moment for a long time and never
realized it could be that good.  Thanks for initiating me.  The
only problem I have is that I somehow feel that you got left out
of the process!"

     I nodded and said, "Yes, I did, but I get such a rush
sucking a good cock I almost come in the process.  Perhaps we can
get together some time and I can show you some of the finer
points!"

     "Like what?" he asked.

     "Like I'd really like to investigate your cute ass, Jay!"

     "Well, there's no time like the present, Andrew.
Investigate away!"

     I reached out and pulled him towards me, still bent over.
He stepped back a couple of steps until his ass was right in my
face, and I pressed my mouth between his cheeks, prying them
apart with my hands.  I locked my mouth over his rosebud pucker
and began to tongue his crack from top to bottom, pausing as I
passed over his hole to quickly insert the tip of my tongue.  He
giggled uncontrollably the first couple of times I did this, but
soon got used to the new sensations in his butt and pushed back,
indicating he wanted more.

     I honed in on his rosebud and rammed my tongue in and out of
his sweet manhole, loving the warmth and tightness of his anus.
Pulling my face back, I sucked on one of my fingers and slid it
gently into his ass, pushing and poking around until I found his
prostate gland.  He squealed in delight as I hit that magic spot
and begged me loudly for more.  I inserted a second then a third
finger, and soon I had him whining that he needed MORE MORE MORE.

     Only too happy to oblige, I pushed him forward until his
hands were placed on the lockers in front of him.  I kicked his
legs apart until he looked like he was spread for a frisking and
whipped my cock from my shorts.  I spit into my hand and ran it
up and down the length of my cock and guided the head to his
hole.  I ran the head up and down his slit, teasing his quivering
ass with the delicacy of a fair maiden and the insistence of a
sturdy farmhand.  Without a lot of pretense, I pushed the head
into his hole and began ramming in deeper and deeper until his
ass was totally full and clinching my cock in a death-like grip.
He groaned as he felt me fill his crack, and pushed back to
ensure total penetration.

     I slowly withdrew, loving the feeling my smooth cock was
experiencing as it retreated from the warm depths of his asshole
and pushed back in again.  With each inward thrust, he met me
with a backwards push of his own and I realized he was really
getting into having his cherry busted by a pro.  My fucking
became insistent and then frenzied as I rode this athletic god
and I pounded his ass with all that I had.  I slapped his
asscheeks a couple of times, garnering incredible groans from
him.  I reached around and felt for his cock to discover it was
up and hard and arching out in front of him.

     I began to jack him and just as I began filling his belly
full of my precious and copious load, he shot into my hands, the
sperm arching forward and coating the locker doors in front of
him.  We both came for what seemed blissful eternity, and I felt
the semen inside his ass building to bursting level.  I quickly
pulled out and shot the last load over his shoulder and onto the
locker door high above his head.  He raised his head up and
licked the door clean as I grabbed him, spun him around, and
planted my mouth over his.

     We kissed, moaned, and ran our hands over each other like
lovers who hadn't seen each other in months, whimpering and
whining all the while.

     "God, Jesus and Mary!" he cried, breathing heavily.  "You
are some goddamned good fucker, Andrew!"

     "Why thank you," I said, tucking my deflated cock back into
my shorts.  "Anytime you need it, just ask.  I'm always hot and
horny-- I'm the Horny R.A.!"

     We dressed in silence and I suddenly remembered why I had
come to the gym in the first place.  I told him of his mother's
call and offered to walk back with him.

     As we walked, he seemed troubled, and I asked if there was
anything I could do to help.  He fumbled for the right words and
took my hand in his.  We stopped momentarily in the quad in front
of the dorm and he turned to me and said, "I've just written to
my Mom that I am gay.  I guess she just got the letter.  As cool
as she has always been, I'm sure everything will be OK.  Will you
come with my while I call her, my studfucker?"

     I followed him to his room and listened over the
speakerphone as he talked to his mother.  She was very
understanding and asked if there was anyone special in Jay's life
yet.  Jay said that he and I had just had sex for the first time
(his first time) and that he had feelings for me.  She didn't
know I was in the room listening until he told her and the three
of us ended up making plans to have dinner several weekends later
in town.

     The dinner went well.  Jay and I had couple several times in
between and found each other to be the wonderful man we were each
seeking.  I told her of my many wanderings up and down the hall,
and that I thought perhaps this was the man I could settle down
and get to love, and she cried saying that she thought it was all
too beautiful.

     We all cried and held hands, and she told us that she had
always known Jay was gay and was proud of him and of me for being
honest and open with her.  We vowed to continue to do so, and bid
her a teary but fond farewell.

     Jay and I headed across the quad after dinner.  He and I
held hands as we walked, much to the consternation of some of the
people outside wandering around, and Jay turned to me and said,
"I love you, Andrew, with all my heart.  Will you be my lover?"

     I was choked with emotion and replied, "My darling Jay, of
course.  You are mine and I am yours."

     With that, we went to my room and fucked harder and with
more intensity than we ever had before.  We had found love and it
was grand!


                        Part XII

     Jay and I had just had our goodbyes and I waved as
his car left the parking lot.  In a few short months,
Jay and I had developed not only a wonderful sexual
relationship, but a friendship beyond measure.
Unfortunately, he had just graduated and went on his
merry way to the great void we know as the real world.
I turned from the parking lot and headed back in,
feeling a little down, but happy for my friend as he
moved on.  (OK, so I wimped out and wrote him out).

     This week promised to be a busy one, the most
important reason being that we were expecting a VIP
visitor to address the Journalism school.  He was to be
housed in the room next to mine, traditionally reserved
for visiting professors and other VIPs.

     I returned to the dorm and keyed into the VIP room
to check everything over once more.  I had left a
carefully displayed set of current magazines, some
fresh cut flowers, and some fruit on the table.
Everything was up to standards so I went to my room and
changed.

     Several hours later, I climbed into a school van
and drove the hour and a half to the airport.  I had a
sign saying "XYZ College" to hold for the VIP who I
didn't even know the name of.

     The flight I was to meet had just deplaned when I
walked through the airport concourse doors, and I held
the sign high in the air towards the flood of people
coming from the baggage claim.  I waited for some time
until I saw a familiar face coming towards me smiling.
I wasn't sure, but it looked like Wil Wheaton of Star
Trek, the Next Genereation!  I smiled back and waved
the sign some more.  He walked up to me and said, "You
can put the sign down.  I'm the one you're looking
for."

     I was flabergasted.  Absolutely astounded.  I said
nothing as I grabbed his bags from him and headed out
the door.  I stowed his luggage and opened his door.  I
stuck out my hand and said, "My name is Andrew.  I am
the Resident Assistant in the dorm you will be staying
in, Mr. Wheaton.  Welcome!  And may I add, I am one of
your biggest fans?"

     "You may.  Thanks, Andrew.  Good to be here.
Let's go!"

     We rode in silence for some time.  There were a
million things I was dying to ask him but didn't dare.
Finally, he spoke.

     "So what is there do to at night, here, Andrew?
Any interesting night life?"

     "Depends on what you call interesting.  I am sure
your life in Hollywood is much more interesting than
life in this little town!" I replied.

     "Well, you would be surprised, man.  Hollywood is
OK, but there are no REAL people to hang out with.
That's why I do these college trips.  I get to meet
real people and frankly, have much better times when I
am on the road at places like your school.  What I
meant by interesting is, are there good night spots in
town?  Any gay bars?  That kind of thing.  You know."

     "Gay bars?" I asked incredulously.  "What would
you want with a gay bar, Mr. Wheaton?"

     "First of all, my name is Wil.  And second of all,
whether you heard in the Enquirer or not, I am gay.  I
love men.  Sue me.  I noticed by the way you have been
staring at me that you must be, too."

     "Well, yes, I am, actually.  And to tell you the
truth, you are my greatest media fantasy at the moment.
You have no idea how often you and I have slept
together in my dreams, Wil!"

     "Sounds good to me, buddy.  When?"

     We were approaching the dorm.  I pulled in the
parking lot and said, "How about now?  You don't speak
until tomorrow."

     "OK, let me get settled and I will call you."

     "My room is right next door.  Bang on the wall or
something."

     I went to my room and quickly showered and
changed.  Packing a few necessaries in a bag, I waited
for the signal.  Several minutes later (seemed like
hours) I heard tapping on the walls.  I flew out of my
room and ran in the next, closing and locking the door.
There, standing in the middle of the room, was Ensign
Wesley Crusher, complete with Star Trek uniform, rank
insignia and communciator.  Jesus Christ I flipped.  I
dropped my bag and fished out my Science Officer
Uniform I had gotten at the last convention.  I quickly
changed into my Lieutenant Commander outfit and stood
before the Ensign.

                    "Ensign Crusher, my name is Lieutenant Commander
Whitaker, Science Officer of the Excelsior.  Welcome
aboard.  Please come this way."  I led him to the bed
and pulled him down next to me.  I removed his
communicator and rank insignia, doing the same to
myself.  Feeling less conspicuous now, I wrapped my
arms around my TV idol and kissed him deeply.  He
frantically searched the insides of my mouth with his
tongue and I did the same.

     We broke apart long enough to rip our costumes
off, and I looked down to his crotch and was astounded
to find the largest cock I had ever seen on someone his
size.  Nothing terribly big, mind you, but on someone
that skinny and small, it was enormous!  I grabbed his
hot poker and jacked a couple of wonderful strokes on
it, loving the feeling my textured hands had on his
smooth cock.

     He grabbed the tower rising from my lap and did
the same.  We kissed again, this time passionately,
lovingly, as if we had all night to fuck and suck away.
My hands roamed his perfect body, reveling in the
smooth skin and well defined lines.  We lay back on the
bed, side by side and began exploring what we saw
before us.

     I licked from his lips down his chin, across his
adam's apple, and down his pefectly smooth and taut
chest.  I swirled around each nipple, biting them as I
passed by.  He moaned.  My mouth trailed kisses and
licks down his washboard stomach until my tongue hit
soft angelic pubic hair.  I swooped down on his cock
and sucked with all my might, drawing his cock to
etheral hardness.

     He turned around and began sucking me as I
continued to worship his perfect prick.  We slid in and
out of each others' mouths perfectly, as if we were
specifically made for the sport.  Moaning and grunting,
we pummelled each others mouths until we were both
cumming feverishly into each others' mouths.  Semen
shot down our throats and bathed us.  I couldn't handle
the load I was getting, and some dribbled down my chin
onto my neck.  I noticed out of the corner of my eye
that he was havinh the same problem.

     We broke apart and licked each other clean.  I
laid him on his back and lay atop him, 69 style and
began tonguing his ass with a fever I never thought
possible.  He reached up and did the same to me.  Soon
we were writhing on top of each other and bouncing all
over the bed as we tongue-fucked each other feverishly.
I could stand this torment no more and rolled off
Wil.  I squatted over his midsection and sank down on
his hard prick, truly feeling every tingle in my ass as
my asslips opened to accept this monster invasion.  He
pushed up as I pushed down and we were soon locked
together.  I rose up and down slowly at first, then
building speed, until I was bucking wildly on this
stallion of a man.  He rolled us over, his turgid cock
still in my ass and took me from behind, slapping my
ass as he plunged in and out.  He cried loudly on a
particularly deep thrust that bounced off my prostate
making me scream in ecstasy, and shot deep within my
bowels.  I felt the hot spunk coat the insides of my
ass-canal and pushed back to get the thrusts as deep as
possible.  The force of his spurts sent semen deeper
than any previous lover I had encountered.

     As soon as he had finished cumming, and before he
even had a chance to catch his breath, I flipped him
over, grabbed his ankles and put them over my shoulders
and rammed my cock into his love chute.  I plugged that
tight hole quickly, pounding my prick in and out with
the voracity of a first time fucking teenager.  I
screamed and yelled as he grunted with each thrust.  I
began to shoot deep within him and continued to thrust
in and out as my semen blasted into his deepest
cavities.  He moaned and groaned as he felt my essence
fill him to the rim and begin leaking around my cock
onto the bed.

     We fell back, happy and exhausted.  We kissed and
rolled around lavishly enjoying the experience of being
naked together, and allowed our racing pulses and
breathing to return to normal.

     Several hours later, after awaking, we went at it
again, and again, until he had to address the J.
school.

     Over the next couple of days, we became
inseparable, both in public and in the bedroom, and
fast became good friends.  When I saw him off at the
airport, he promised to write and to return to my
school and I drove back happily ensconsed in reliving
the fantasy-of-a-lifetime come true.



                        Part XIII

     One night not terribly long ago, several of my residents had
come to visit and play some board games to pass the time.  We
began with Trivial Pursuit and having finished that, I pulled out
my X-rated version of the game.

     The four of us, myself, Tim, Kevin and Matt, had just begun
play when a question about rubber toys came up.  After a somewhat
lengthy debate about what the game meant, two of the guys
admitted that they had never seen a vibrator or fake cock or
other toys in real life.  I was quick to say that I had several
toys they could look at if it would give them a better idea of
what I was talking about.  They all quickly agreed that they were
interested in playing "show and tell."

     I got up from the table and went to my desk.  Opening my
bottom filing cabinet drawer, I pulled out several shoeboxes and
placed them on the table, moving the game board out of the way.
I opened the lids of the three boxes and watched the guys pore
over the contents.  I suggested that we dump them out and examine
them further, and met with no hesitation.  So I did.  Soon,
covering the table, was a vast collection of every conceivable
sex toy available on the market. (I am in the habit of buying
everything and trying them out).

     The guys were hesitant to touch until I told them that all
of them were clean, and they began picking different things up
and waving them at each other.  Kevin was the first to look at me
questioningly and ask, "Exactly why do you have all these things,
Andrew?"  The other two chimed in with similar remarks and faces.
I took all of the toys from their hands and laid them down.  I
picked up the first thing I saw and said, "Well, here is your
five minute education in sex toys, guys.  First of all, you all
know I am gay, right?"

     They nodded, somewhat solemly, glancing sideways at each
other curiously.  I resumed my discussion.  "On the table are
represented many of the sex toys you see in the backs of dirty
magazines.  First, we have the classic fake penis, represented
here in several styles and sizes.  Each is different and provides
a different stimulation.   This one here, for example, has raised
ridges which provide extra frictional stimulation going in and
out.

     "Then we have the battery operated vibrators.  I have, as
you can see, five or six of these, and each is different like the
dildoes I just mentioned.

     "Then we have the class that is a collection of a bunch of
different things.  These, for example, are various sizes and
styles of cockrings, these are anal beads, and these are some
other anal masturbation devices."

     Matt said, "You mean you put all of these in your ass?"

     "Yep.  Most of 'em.  I have found that they enhance my
masturabatory experiences tremendously when the real thing is,
for whatever reason, unavailable."

     Tim held up my 24 inch rubber cock.  "Surely you can't be
serious!  You put this huge thing up your ass?" he cried
incredulously.

     "Not all of it, mind you, but I've managed to get over half
of it up my chute with relative ease."

     "I just cannot believe that, man," Tim said.  "Never in a
million years will I sit here and listen to you tell me that you
put something almost the size of my arm up your ass and you LIKE
it!"

     "Actually, I love it.  This is one of my favorite toys," I
said, caressing the length of the enormous rubber penis.

     Kevin said, "I don't believe you, either.  I'd have to see
it to believe you can take half that thing, bubbah!"

     Matt chimed in with a similar comment.

     "OK, guys, put your money where your mouth is.  How many
think I can't do it?"  They all raised their hands and Kevin
said, "You can suck my dick til morning if you can take that
thing, man."

     "Deal," I said.  "Everyone else agree to the same terms?"

     They nodded and looked at each other nervously.

     I stood up and took my shirt off, peeled my socks off,
dropped my shorts, and ripped off my underwear.  I noticed,
looking at all three of them, that the nervous tension in the air
had caused three little tents to rise quite high in their laps.

     I got up on the table facing the three of them and lay back.
I grabbed some lube from one of the boxes and began lubing the
entrance to my ass.  I worked my asshole with my fingers for
several delicious moments and gave my cock a playful tug at the
same time.  I handed the monster cock and lube to Kevin and asked
him to grease it up.  He hesitated but did it quickly, covering
the "headed" end well with lube.

     I took the dildo from him, raised my feet to bend my knees,
raised my ass, and began sliding the head up and down my
asscrack.  Ever so slowly I honed in on my puckered rosebud and
began to push the mammoth rubber cock into my willing ass.  It
took some work at first as my ass had not been fucked in some
time.  I slowly inched the cock into my ass until well over half
of it was buried in my ass.  I relaxed my ass and sat down, the
end of the cock hanging from my hole invitingly.

     They all stared in disbelief as I raised up again and began
pulling the thing from my chute.  I pulled it almost all the way
out and sunk it back again, groaning in sheer sexual passion as I
did so.  It felt so wonderful to be so full, and could have only
felt better if the cock up my ass had been alive.

     Kevin reached out and grabbed the end of the dildo and
pushed it back in again.  He pulled it out and pushed it in, and
said, "Never would I have believed this if I weren't sitting
right here doing this with my own hands.  What does it feel like
inside you, Andrew?" he asked.

     I looked at him and said, "It's hard to describe.  It is the
most completely filling feeling in the world, it's incredibly
erotic, and it feels wonderful.  Now that I have shown you that
this works, I think you all owe me something."

     I climbed down from the table and knelt in front of their
three chairs.  All were fondling their cocks through their pants
and I began with Matt.  He unzipped his pants and dropped them
with his boxer shorts onto the floor.  His cock, a seven inch
thick whopper, rose from his midsection in splendor.  I leaned
over and devoured his cock in one downward motion, causing him to
raise up in the chair and cry out sharlply.  I sucked him
expertly, bringing him to the brink of orgasm quickly several
times until I felt him dump his creamy load into my willing
throat.  As I was drinking him dry, I noticed the other two were
rapidly fisting their cocks and I reached out and pulled their
hands away.

     Once Matt had emptied his nuts, I scooted over to Tim's lap
and pulled his pants and g-string underwear down to his ankles.
I grabbed his cock, one of those amazingly long and incredibly
thin ones, and tried to take it all in at once.  His sheer length
prohibited that but I soon developed a sucking rhythm that
allowed me to take him all in.  I brought him quickly to orgasm
and swallowed every creamy delicious drop.

     Kevin was last and was sweating and writhing in his chair by
the time I got over to him.  It took only several long delicious
slides on his average sized cock to bring him off, and he dumped
torrents of sperm down my greedy and near-sated throat.

     Once they had all cum, they relaxed and sat back in their
chairs, idly fondling their cocks.  I reached around my back and
shoved the dildo further up my ass as it had slipped out some
during my suck-a-thon.  I began manipulating it in and out of my
near-ravaged ass when Kevin got down on the floor behind me and
began pushing and pulling for me.  I reached down to work on my
cock a little bit, and Matt surprised me by crawling under me and
awkwardly taking me in his mouth.  He was clearly new to the art
of cocksucking, but took to it quickly, developing an interesting
bobbing rhythm that had me close to shooting in no time.  I
pulled the dildo out of my ass and begged Kevin to give me the
real thing.

     He was so caught up in giving me pleasure that I don't think
he noticed that he had sunk his hard cock up my ass and was
pummeling me for all it was worth.  Tim stood up over me and
began to beat his cock in my face.  I reached up and drew him
into my mouth again, sucking his delightfully rigid member deep
into my throat.  I ran my tongue around his cockhead as he pulled
out, and gave him the best head I could muster under the given
circumstances while Matt continued to blow me from underneath and
Kevin continued to plow me from behind.

     We were all grunting and groaning and Kevin said, rather
suddenly, "I want to know what it feels like.  Somebody fuck me!"

     I motioned for Tim to have the honor and he scooted up
behind Kevin and greased his ass a bit and then sank into him.
Kevin cried out as his bung cherry was broken but soon discovered
what bliss can be had when something soft and wet slides across
the prostate gland!  Matt climbed out from under me and mounted
Tim effortlessly, making me wonder if Tim was the "virgin" he had
made out to be.  Tim moaned deeply in his baritone voice as Matt
began riding him harder and harder.

     Though awkward, our position was interesting and all of us
were deriving intense pleasure from being part of this daisy-
fuck-chain.  Moans and groans quickly became grunts and shouts as
the fuckers found their cadences, and soon those of us being
fucked were being bathed with semen in our deepest depths.  I
fisted myself to an explosive orgasm as I felt Kevin explode
within me, and this chain reaction sped down the line until
everyone was coming at once.

     After we had all cum, we collapsed in a tangled heap of
heaving, sweating naked flesh and lay there panting.

     Kevin and Tim spoke almost at the same time, each offering
some mild expletives.  Matt just lay silently nursing his
shriveling cock, smiling curiously.

     Once we had all caught our breaths, we separated and began
to dress.  I told them anytime they needed this sort of
education, to let me know, and we all agreed to start the game
again the following night.


                        Part XIV

Introduction:

     Near the main part of campus, mostly hidden by a grove of
tall northern pines, is a small river that runs along the edge of
campus boundaries.  I have found this to be one of the few places
on campus where I can go to be by myself and think.  More often
than not, I am the only person there and the solace and peace
there is more than pleasurable.

     There have been times when I was not there alone, though.
One time in the middle of the spring, I decided late one night
that I needed some peace and quiet and headed across campus to
the river.

     Upon arriving there, I sat down high up above the river and
sat, staring at the water lazily wash by.  Thinking I was alone,
I lay back and began to hum softly, truly relishing the quiet
night.  Suddenly, my ears picked up a low moan coming from the
sandy beach along the riverfront.  I sat up and looked down.
There, kneeling in the sand, was a young boy, perhaps sixteen or
seventeen, oblivious to my presence.  He was moaning softly and
appeared to be swaying in the sand.  I began to become very
interested and watched him closely.  As my eyes adjusted to the
moonlit beach, I realized that he was rubbing his crotch with
both hands.  I immediately became interested.

     As his caresses got more intense, he unzipped his pants (I
heard this more than I saw it) and he began making love to his
young cock with earnest.  Still oblivious to my presence, he laid
back in the sand until I could see his stiff cock arching from
his small pubic thatch.  He was running his hands all over his
naked chest with one hand, pausing to tweak his nipples.  His
other hand was busy bringing pleasure to his cock and balls as it
roamed from one another in a causual but intense way.

     He moved both hands to his cock and began thrusting his hips
into the air as he beat himself furiously, and shortly
thereafter, an enormous arc of semen flew from his cock and
arched back, hitting him square in the face.  He came for some
time, each spurt carefully aimed at his face until he could come
no more.  He caressed his softening cock with one hand and wiped
his face with the other, licking the cum from it as he did so.

     He then lay there in the sand, breathing heavily until he
regained his composure, dressed and walked down the beach towards
town.

     I never saw the boy again, but was so moved by his display
that I beat myself to a furious climax right there on the spot.

The Story Itself:

               Several nights ago, I found myself sitting at my desk
staring at some boring text book or another, wishing I was
anywhere but where I was.  Lost in a daydream that most likely
was sexual, I was suddenly jolted out of my reverie by a knock at
the door.  I said, "Come in!" and was surprised to see Stan, one
of the residents from upstairs standing at the door.  We had made
friends with each other through class more than through living in
the same building, and though we knew very little about each
other, I had always hoped we could develop the friendship a
little more.

     "What are you doing studying on a beautiful night like this,
Andrew?" he asked.

     "I have no plans for the evening and thought I would get a
little work done.  Doesn't seem to be progressing very well,
though, I must admit.  What's up with you?"

     "About the same.  I've been working on that assignment for
Dr. Schiller for hours now and have made no progress.  Thought I
would stop by for a chat since we've been saying for months that
we wanted to chat about non-class stuff."

     "Cool.  Pull up a chair.  Want a coke?"

     "No thanks.  Actually, I was wondering if you wanted to go
for a walk.  It's such a beautiful night and it seems a shame to
waste it inside!" Stan commented.

     "Done!" I cried, slipping into some comfortable walking
shoes.  "Where to?"

     "How 'bout down to the river.  The moon looks pretty
inviting down there, you know."

     "I thought the river was a well kept secret.  You've been
there?" I asked.

     "Yep. Been there a couple of times.  Never anyone around,
you know."

     We headed out the door and took off across the campus.  We
talked as we walked and slowly divulged a lot of personal
information as we walked.  I kept pace with him and as we walked,
I began to study him carefully.  The more I saw, the more I
liked.  He was six feet easily, maybe taller and had very soft
skin.  The moonlight cast beautiful shadows on his body as he
walked and I thought that I caught a glimpse of a pretty full
basket.  His face was one of classic Greek features, chiselled,
manly, masculine.  His curly dark hair cascaded over his brow and
spilled down the nape of his neck in a subtle but wild array.
Truly, this was a handsome man.

     We arrived at the river.  Now, there are two ways to get to
the beach.  One is to slide down on your ass, the other is to run
and hope you can stop at the beach before you plunge in the icy
water.  We opted for the first choice and bounced laughingly down
the embankment.  We arrived in somewhat of a heap at the bottom
and sat down on the beach, about six feet from the water's edge.
We talked about a lot of things for the next couple of hours, and
we edged closer together as the air got nippier.  After a
somewhat long pause as we each reflected on what we had been
talking about, I could stand it no more and put my hands on his
face, drew him close to me and kissed him lightly on the mouth.
I jumped up and walked over to the water's edge and stood there,
facing away from him.

     "I'm sorry, Stan.  I don't know what came over me, man.  I
just had to do that." I said, still not looking at him.

     After a few seconds, I heard him get up and approach me.  He
put his arms around me and drew me close to him and said, "Don't
be sorry, I want this just as much as you do, Andrew."

     I turned to him, somewhat puzzled and said, "But I thought
you didn't go for guys!"

     "So did I, but spending the last few hours with you has made
me want to do this so badly I can't stand it, man."  With that he
planted his mouth over mine and began kissing me, lightly at
first and then deeply, searching my mouth with his tongue as if
on a life-threatening quest.  We kissed for several long
delicious moments until we were both shaking.

     I stepped back for a second and he turned his back to me,
unbuttoning his shirt as he did so.  He dropped his shirt in the
sand and kicked his shoes off.  Then, still with his back to me,
he dropped his shorts revealing that he was not wearing
underwear.  I looked at him standing there in the moonlight, and
was awestruck.  This man was god-like!  If Michaelangelo had a
model for his "David," this would have been him: strong muscular
legs and thighs, rich full arms, incredibly manly hands and feet,
and tight round buttocks.

     He stood there for several minutes, as if not knowing what
to do.  I walked up to his back and knelt down behind him,
grabbing his asscheeks in my hands.  I pushed my nose into his
crack and inhaled deeply, enjoying the manly scent emmanating
from his body.  I pulled his cheeks apart and stuck the tip of my
tongue to his rosebud.  I pulled it off quickly and repeated this
action, poking my tongue in and out of his hot little hole until
he was moaning.

     I flipped him around and saw his cock for the first time.
It was long, thick and hard, sticking out of his dark pubic bush
defiantly.  I licked the head slowly and teasingly, drawing
little whimpers and moans from him as my tongue glided back and
forth.  I took his cock in my hand and rammed it slowly down my
throat, drinking him in and loving the feel of my tongue running
down the length of it as I swallowed him.

     He grabbed my head and pushed and pulled it on and off his
cock.  I could tell he was close, and withdrew, gasping for
breath.  I stood and quickly shed my clothes joining him in
nakedness.

     We embraced awkwardly at first, our thick turgid cocks
pressed between us as we kissed deeply.  We ran our arms up and
down each other's backs, and explored each other as we did so.
Our pelvises ground together causing our cocks to slide against
each other deliciously.  As we continued to search each other's
mouths with our tongues, the friction of our cocks caused them to
wiggle together, and soon we were spraying our loads between our
heaving bellies, tongues still battling to show our feelings
towards each other.

     With deep sighs, we pulled apart and laughed as we saw
the rivers of semen running down our chests and legs into the
sand.  We rubbed our hands on each other, cleaning up a bit and
let each other taste the combined loads from our fingertips.  We
kissed again, deeply, and sat down in the sand, fondling each
other and quietly sharing the moment.

     A slight mist began to fall, and we dressed each other
leisurely, kissing and touching as we went, until the mist became
rain and we began walking, arm in arm, back to the dorm.

     Arriving there, we went to my room and continued our
lovemaking well into the next morning.  By morning, I had
convinced him that male-male sex was the only way to go.  Our
cocks and asses were happy, but sore.



                        Part XV


     Each year that I have been an R.A., there has been one man
on my floor that just didn't fit in well.  The stereotype was
always the same: he was a nerd.
They were always so similar it was scary.  Always computer
people, always math or science majors, always studies when
everyone else was playing.  The stereotype never deviated.  And
always, once per quarter, I made the extra effort to attempt to
bring them into the mainstream of dorm and campus life with a
personal visit to their room.

     My nerd of the year this year was no exception.  His name
was Chris something or other, a polish name I think, and he lived
alone in a room at the dead end of the hall.  I hardly ever saw
him in public, and only occasionally saw him at the dining hall
or in the bathroom.  I had never heard him speak, and found out
from the guys that lived on his end of the hall that he always
had his door shut and never made a sound.

     Four weeks into the quarter, I decided that enough was
enough, and it was time for the quarterly RA visit.  I closed my
door and locked it, and headed off down the hall.  I stopped
several times to poke my head into doorways and say hello, and
was met with casual greetings at each stop.  Finally arriving at
my destination, I stood for a minute collecting my thoughts.  I
took a deep breath and knocked tentatively at the door.

     No response.

     I knocked again, this time a little louder.  I heard a chair
slide on the floor and then I heard footsteps approaching the
door.  The door opened slightly and Chris stuck his head out.
"Yes?" he asked, somewhat shyly.

     "Hi, Chris.  I'm Andrew, the Resident Assistant for this
floor.  I apologize for not having done this sooner, but I came
to introduce myself and see how you are doing.  Can I come in for
a minute?"

     "I don't see why not," he said.  He pushed the door all the
way open and let me pass, quickly closing it behind us.  He
motioned for me to sit down on the bed and I did so, taking in
the room with a wide sweep of my eyes.  It's always the same, you
know.  Totally neat, everything in its place, carefully selected
science fiction and astronomy posters mounted impecably on the
walls, no dust or trash in sight, and the bed-- you could have
easily bounced a brick off it it was so neatly made!

     We sat in silence for a few moments and I got my first
really good look at him.  He wasn't bad, actually.  Kind of
scrawny but in an academic sort of way.  He wasn't the typical
polyester nerd, though-- he was dressed rather preppily in an
izod shirt and duckheads.  And though he did wear glasses, they
were not those plastic black things that make you afraid to touch
him-- they were designer frames and they suited his fair face
quite nicely.

     He had brown hair, every hair in place, of course and tried
very hard to hide the fact that he had an interesting mound in
his lap.

     I looked at him and said, "This is all rather routine, I'm
afraid.  I just haven't had a chance to meet you yet and wanted
to make sure you got settled all right and you have found
everything you need here, Chris."

     "Yes.  This building suits my needs perfectly, actually, and
I am quite fond of my room.  I kind of wish there were two phone
lines in each room, though as my computer needs a phone line to
connect to the mainframe on campus."

     "Yeah, that's always been a problem for me too.  My phone
rings so often I am almost scared to login to the mainframe for
fear of missing a call.  Luckily, I have a beeper.  What sort of
stuff do you do on the mainframe?"

     He looked at me and got up, walking to the computer and
said, "Let me show you!"  I noticed that he had suddenly gotten
some pride in his voice and realized that I had piqued one of his
interests.  We sat down side by side in front of the computer and
his hands flew over the keys logging in to the system.  Soon I
was confronted with his directory and he began showing me
projects, games, and other stuff.  After an hour or so, I was
enthralled, and he was warming to my enthusiasm.

     Unconsciously, I put my arm behind his back on his chair and
relaxed as I listened to his soft voice extol the virtures of
some computer crap that was totally over my head.  He returned to
his directory again and was about to start something else when I
noticed something that shocked me!  He had a directory entitled

               naked.men.binaries

and I just had to know what it was.  I asked him, and he blushed
deeply saying, "Oh, just something a friend who doesn't have a
computer asked me to find for him."

     I told him I was interested and we viewed several
interesting and quite hot photographs that had been scanned into
the computer.  Some were just single men posing, but as we
"flipped through" the extensive library, other men joined the
solo's and soon the most amazing series of men fucking and
sucking appeared on the screen.

     I looked down at his crotch and noticed not only an enormous
bulge but a growing wet spot.  I took his hands from the keyboard
and placed them in his lap, covering his crotch briefly as I
said, "This turns you on, doesn't it Chris?"

     He sat incredibly still and said nothing.

     "It's OK, Chris.  It turns me on, too!  Feel this!"  I took
one of his hands and placed it on my raging dick, letting it go
to see what he would do. At first he let his hand rest there and
tried to look noncommital, but I think his curiosity got the
better of him after a while and he began caressing my mound
intently.

     "Have you ever done this before, Chris?" I asked.

     "No," he said, his voice cracking, "but I've always wanted
to!"

     "Say no more, man!" I said and stood up.  I flipped off the
computer and took his hand, leading him to the perfectly made bed
and lowered him down onto it until he was lying flat on his back.
I gently removed all of his clothing, and took his glasses off
last.  I dimmed the lights in the room a little and undressed in
the middle of the room, dropping my clothes as they came off.

     I lay down next to him on the narrow bed and began running
my fingers through his hair, down his face, across his chest and
down his legs.  His cock, an impressive six-incher, was swaying
in the air, harder than I've seen a cock in some time.  I stayed
away from it at first, learning his body through touch, and
trying to make him stop shaking.

     "Shhhhh."  I said, trying to comfort his nervousness.  "Just
relax and let your body feel what is happening.  Don't try to
think about it, just let it happen" I said.

     I could feel him relax a little, and I bent down and brushed
my lips across his lightly.  He reached up and grabbed my head,
pulling it down until our mouths were crushed together, and
opened his mouth.  Our tongues found each other and we rolled on
the bed embracing and kissing deeply.

     I broke my mouth from his slightly and pulled back, trailing
his face with little kisses.  I moved downward and kissed his
chest, drawing each of his tiny nipples into my mouth and sucking
on them until they stood up pertly.  I continued my downward trek
until I came to his cock, and I lightly lapped at his throbbing
cockhead.  The head was velvety smooth and felt incredible
against my tongue.  I drew him into my throat and began the
earnest work of providing his first blowjob.  I sank down to the
root and drew back up again, running my tongue up and down the
length of his pole as I went.  He moaned and groaned quite loudly
and begged me not to stop.  I kept sucking and licking until I
felt his entire body stiffen.  I sank down to the base of his
cock just as he began shooting his load.

     I pulled back to taste his sperm, and was amazed to find
that it was really sweet, almost like sugar!  I sucked him dry,
gagging slightly on the copious load he was shooting into my
throat, and pulled back, allowing the last shot to hit my face.
I lay back to catch my breath and rest.

     He got up on his knees and began treating me the same way I
had treated him.  His kisses and licks were tentative at first,
but as he gained confidence, he became bolder, sucking on my neck
and producing a huge hickey (which nearly drove me over the brink
right there, I might add) and then honing in on my aching cock.
I pushed it into his throat and allowed him to adjust to the size
of it.  He signalled, by smiling, that he was comfortable, and I
began rising off the bed, thrusting in and out of his warm mouth.
He was really making me hot, and I knew it would not be long.

     Sure enough, within four of five good, deep strokes with his
tongue and mouth, I began shooting my load into his greedy
throat.  He gagged audibly on the load but took it like a little
trooper, swallowing deeply as I shot spurt after spurt of my
wonderfully creamy spunk down his throat.

     We both lay back, panting and moaning as our erections
returned to full tilt.  I leaned over him and asked him, "Would
you mind terribly if I assaulted your anus, my friend?  It's just
too hot to pass up!"

     "Just be gentle.  I've never done this before, but I must
admit that the sensations I feel in my anal orifice indicate a
strong likelihood that I would find it a pleasurable experience."

     God, these nerds were all the same!  Too funny for their own
good!

     I parted his legs and lifted his ankles to my shoulders,
easing my nose between his cheeks.  The musky smell was
overpowering and I was driven by a lust I hadn't felt in a while.
This was, after all, virgin territory and I got to break it in!
What a rush!  I pulled his cheeks apart and began assaulting his
asshole with my hard little tongue, pushing gobs of spit into his
hole to ease my cock's entry.

     Once I felt he was lubed up enough (and once he was
squirming uncontrollably), I placed my cockhead at his entrance,
pushing slightly.  He was more ready that I thought, however, and
pushed back on my cock, forcing it to make a quick and deep
descent into his inner cavity.  My God, it was so tight and so
warm and so slippery.  Jesus, what a feeling!

     I pulled out and pushed back in again, slowly as if to not
hurt him.  He cried out, "Enough with the gentle shit, man, fuck
me, fuck me, fuck me!"
               What could I do but obey the little guy.  And so I rammed my
cock in and out of his little bung hole, almost raping him with
my frenzied need to get off in his little ass, and I fucked deep
and hard.

     "Fuck me, you goddamn stud!  Ram that cock in and out of me!
Fuck me harder!  Harder!  Harder!" he shouted.  "Blow your wad
up my chute, man.  Spray my insides with your hot seething cum!
Do it, man, do it!!" He grunted over and over and over.

     His words drove me to passions I had never felt and I
continued to ravage his ass.  Finally, upon reaching his utter
depths with a particularly hard thrust, I began dumping gallons
of spunk in his ass, bathing his prostate and pushing my cock
back our of his hole with the force of my blasts.

     My cock popped out with a little popping noise and a flood
of musky sperm followed it, oozing onto the now messed-up bed.
Chris reached down and gathered some of it up on his fingers and
brought it to his lips, sucking and licking his finger clean.
He did this several times, each time getting more intense with
his passionate writhings on the bed.  I sat back and watched him
get off all by himself as my cock sprang another hard on.  I
began fisting myself unmercifully as he continued to gather spunk
up and suck it from his fingers.  His eyes were closed and he was
moaning to himself almost uncontrollably.

     Suddenly, his hips went rigid and his cock started shooting
straight up, covering his midsection, chest, arms, face, and legs
with gob after gob of geyser-like shots.  He came like a madman,
consumed with lust and moaning deeply.  I was so moved by this
erotic display that I began coating his entire body with a
surprise third load, just as big and wet as the first two.  I
bathed his face in cum until it shone in the dim light and he
continued to fist and pump as I shot.

     Finally, totally exhausted, we lay atop each other, sliding
around in our combined loads until we drifted to sleep, our hands
around our pricks and our faces pressed close together.

     An hour or so later, I awoke to find him angling his cock
into my ass.  I back up on it and let him ride me until he came
deep within me, and we lay there for some time, not talking, not
moving.

     Finally, as I heard the chapel bells ringing, indicating
dinner time, I got up and dressed leaving this ravaged and spent
cute little nerd curled up on the messy bed, arms wrapped around
him, lying in several big puddles of our spunk.  I tiptoed from
the room, closed the door, and returned to my own room.  While I
was showering, it hit me what had transpired, and as I walked to
dinner I thought to myself, "You definitely cannot judge a book
by its cover!"



                        Part XVI

     Marty was one of my residents a couple of years ago.  He was
a music major, and took great pride in sharing all kinds of music
with anyone who would listen.  He found a willing listener in me
and we spent many enjoyable evenings attending concerts on campus
and listening to tapes on my stereo as we shared a bottle of
wine.  We had fooled around in the past, but nothing really
significant had ever happened.  I think we both knew the other
was gay, and I think we both knew what we wanted to happen-- we
just had never tried anything that significant.

     One particular night, Marty invited me to a Dvorak concert
in the Fine Arts Building.  We both enjoyed the deep music
immensely and returned from the concert in good spirits despite
having both had really long days.

     We returned to my room and I lit a candle while Marty sat on
the bed. I took my coat off.  Deciding to get more comfortable, I
removed my shirt and threw it on the desk and kicked off my
shoes.  I stood in front of Marty, who had, by now, stretched out
on the bed.

     Marty looked up at me and said, "Candlelight and music and
you!  Perfection.  Andrew, I want you to fuck me-- here and now!"

     "With pleasure," I said.  This was too easy, I thought.

     Marty got up to take off his shoes and open his Levi's.  I
helped him slip the pants off his body.  Next his white shorts,
socks and his sweatshirt.  Marty stood there completely naked,
his penis swelling between his spread legs.  He laid back down on
the bed.

     I opened my pants and took out my cock, holding it in my
hand.  "What do you want me to do with this, baby?"

     "Fuck me, Andrew.  Fuck me hard!"  He reached up and put his
hand around my throbbing cock.

     "You ever been fucked before?" I asked.

     "No.  Maybe a carrot now and then.  Sometimes, my finger,
and once... a Polish sausage," he laughed.  I too, laughed out
loud.  The thought of screwing a virgin delighted me.  In fact,
it made Marty all the more desirable.

     I went to the cabinet and came out with a tube of KY.  I
dropped my pants and shorts and left them lying in a heap.  Marty
sat on the bed and wrapped his arms around my waist, stroking my
ass and legs, while my cock met his mouth and entered.

               He sucked hard on my penis, kissing the tip of it, down the
shaft to the balls below, over them, around them, in the thick
hair surrounding the base of my organ, down lower beneath my
balls.  I raised one foot to the bed and Marty's tongue went
further under and finally, licked the crack of my ass.  My cock
grew larger and almost reached the bursting point.

     "How shall we do it?" I asked him as I applied KY to my
iron-hard erection.

     "I want to see it," Marty said.

     "OK, listen, you lie on your back.  Now get that pillow and
put it under your ass... and lift your legs into the air.  Yes,
that's it!  Hold them back like that."

     Marty did as I asked, spreading his ass and cock and balls
before me as I was on my knees in front of the boy.  Marty could
easily see my penis as I rubbed more lubricant on it.  As My
slick finger touched his ass, sensations of pleasure visibly ran
through him.  Now my organ and Marty's cock were thoroughly
lubricated, and ready for the moment.

     "OK, baby, now relax and just let it happen.  Just let it
happen, baby." I said.  I put the tip of my cock to the boy's
opening and pressed gently.  Marty moaned as the first inch
entered his body.  And he watched closely, seeing and feeling at
the same time.

     "Easy, now easy, baby.  It'll be good...." I whispered,
lovingly.  "You feel it?  You like it, baby?  Here's some more."

     I pushed a few more inches in and Marty's eyes began to
swell up with tears.  I could tell that it was the most marvelous
mixture of agony and ecstasy that he had ever felt.  My cock was
so big and so long, and his expression said that he wondered if
it would ever get all the way in.

     I gave another push and Marty let his feet rest on my
shoulders, and his arms stroked my back.  Then, the entire length
of my cock was in his body.  My balls and his ass were touching.

     "OK, baby, are you all right?"  I asked.

     "Oh, it's beautiful!" Marty groaned and I bent forward and
kissed him on the mouth.  We kissed for several deliciously long
moments, enjoying the feeling of the physical and emotion bond we
were sharing.

     I pulled my cock out a few inches and pushed back in, then
out again, and back in again, each time my balls smashed against
Marty's ass and each time we both felt another spasm of pleasure.

     Marty let his hand slip down to my cock that was moving in
and out of him.  He touched it, held it, felt it rising and
falling-- felt the opening to his body, felt the huge cock
ramming his ass.  He was, from his facial expression, lost
totally in his lustful reverie.

     I kept pumping, slowly at first and then building speed, my
balls still smashing against his ass as my cock moved in and out
of his tight steaming hole.  I threw my whole being into the
masterful fuck I had started here, and gave him every ounce of my
cocentration as I tried to make this the most meaningful sexual
experience of his life.

     I withdrew my cock, eliciting small whimpers from him.  I
flipped him over and rammed into him again, this time doggy-
style.  I rode him like a horse and slapped his buttcheeks
slightly as I rode his sweet little tight ass.  He moaned in
ecstasy as I plunged deep into him, and I grabbed his hair,
pulling his head back, and rammed my tongue down his throat as I
continued to ravage his ass.  We kissed like demons possessed,
panting and gasping as we did so, my cock still plunging in and
out of him.

     I withdrew again and got down off the bed.  "Come here,
Marty.  I want to try something," I said.  I met him in the
middle of the room and told him to wrap my arms around my neck.
Then I told him to sit down on the desk as we backed up to it.
>From this angle, I was able to bend him back enough to drive my
pulsing member back into his tight little hole.  I moved him back
and forth a few times on my cock, and he slid easily on the
formica.  I wrapped my arms around his middle and backed back to
the middle of the room, Marty clinging to my neck and my cock
still up his chute.

     He caught on quickly and began bobbing up and down on my
cock.  "I feel you in different places now, man," he panted,
still riding up and down on my rock-hard cock.  The feeling was
intense on my cock as well, but incredibly tiring, and I backed
up to the armchair in the corner and sat down.  He took the hint
and began bouncing voraciously up and down on my cock as if he
couldn't get enough of this ass-spliting fuck I was giving him.
My cockhead was literally aching from the friction and I knew I
was close.

     I stood up with him still attached and walked to the bed,
throwing him down.  My cock popped out and I told him to get on
his side.  I got on the bed beside him and scooted up to him, our
bodies fitting together like gloves.  I aimed my cock at his hole
and drove in with immense force drawing a stifled cry from him as
I did so.

     I fucked with abandon now, sure to get off soon and loving
every warm delicious minute of it.  I bit down on his neck and
licked all of him I could reach.  He moaned uncontrollably and I
saw his hand go to his cock.  I pulled it away and hissed, "Not
yet.  Let me do that, lover."

     With that and an extra hard lunge, I began to shoot my
copious load deep within his bowels.  Jet after jet of steamy
spunk bathed the ravaged walls of his ass and coated his insides.
My ejaculation kept coming and coming until I thought I would
faint from the repurcussions of the explosive orgasm I was
having.  Finally, my cum subsided and I pulled out.  I rested for
a moment as I watched musky cum dribble from his little butt and
I flipped him over on his back.

     With no foreplay whatsoever, I squatted over his rockhard
cock and sank down, moaning and sweating bullets as I did.  His
cock, though not long, was incredibly thick and it took some work
to open my seasoned ass to this brutish invader.  Finally, I was
all the way in and I began to bounce on his meat, drawing purr-
like sounds from him.  He opened his eyes and we watched each
other intently as I continued to ride his sword like a pro.  He
reached up and twisted my nipples and grabbed my cock, rubbing it
with all his might.

     He began to enjoy the fuck as much as I was and started to
bounce up and down off the bed himself.  We created an artful
cadence quite quickly and bounced together, his cock reaching new
places in my ass as I wiggled around each time he thrust deep
within me.  Each time he hit my prostate I groaned audibly and
grasped my own nipples as I rode him.

     He stiffened compeletely as I felt the first blast of his
cum shoot deep inside my ass.  He spewed for some time coating
the insides of my ass completely and causing some to run out of
my ass and down his shaft into his pubic hair.  He continued to
come as he ran his hands through his pubes and smeared his creamy
spunk all over my chest and his.

     When he could shoot no more, I raised off of his deflating
cock and lay down on top of him, covering his mouth with mine.
We kissed forever, sliming around in our own semen between our
heaving chests and bellies.  Our cocks nestled together between
us as we continued to cool down.

     We lay that way for quite some time until I finally got up
and led him to the shower.  We soaped and washed each other
lovingly and played around a little, kissing all the while.

     As we dried off and he dressed to go back to his room, Marty
said, "That was incredible.  Can we do it again some time?"

     "You bet!" I replied.  "The more often the better."  I
smiled and kissed him lightly.  "But right now I've got to get
some work done or I am going to fail out of here tomorrow!"

     "Same here," he said, and walked to the door.  "I want to
thank you, though, for a purely enjoyable evening.  See you
later."

     And with that, he was gone, another spirited resident who
had come to me for pleasure and left a satisfied man.




                        Part XVII


     Undergraduate professors are seldom interesting looking.
This was not the case in a recent class I took that was taught by
a fellow named John Eric Maley, a doctoral student.

     The class was an introduction to advertising class and it
was one of those daily lecture classes we are always tempted to
skip except on test days.

     On the first day of class, I went in with this same
attitude, preparing myself to get the syllabus and bug out.
Imagine my surprise when Maley (that's what he wanted us to call
him) walked in and took the podium.

     I looked around and noticed that I was not the only one in
the crowded room squirming.  Some of the women were whispering
and I was experiencing more than a routine horny stirring in my
crotch.

     Imagine, if you will, a tall, quite thin, fair haired man
that looked to be about 25.  He had straight blond hair that was
perfectly in place, his face was soft and fair, and I could see
no evidence that he had ever shaved.  Total baby face.

     He had a rather infectuous smile and little baby blue eyes,
creating such a picture of innocence and youth I could hardly sit
still.  Top that with the fact that he was dressed perfectly in
the yuppie teacher outfit and you had an image that definitely
got you interested.

     When he began to speak, I knew I was hopelessly in lust.
Despite his almost frail frame, he had a rich, deep but gentle
baritone that would have melted butter.  I caught myself boldly
staring at him as he paced the stage, and I totally forgot to
take notes.

     Time passed.  He gave the first test and I did rather poorly
and called to make an appointment to see him.  We agreed on a
time and I went to his office at the appointed hour.

     I knocked at the door and his soothing voice rang out,
"Enter, please!"  I walked in to his office and was pleased to
find not the usual mess of papers and books, but a very cozy
atmosphere.  Books lined the walls, of course, but there were
plants everywhere and a long sofa lining the wall under the
bookshelves.  He sat at his desk with his glasses perched on the
end of his little button nose and smiled.

               "Hello, Andrew.  What can I do for you?"

     "Well, I'm having trouble with some of the concepts on the
first test and want your advice on how to study so I can do
better on the last three."

     He motioned me to the sofa and turned in my direction,
smiling that cute little smile he smiled all class period long,
driving me and the women crazy.  "Why don't you try these study
tips," he said, handing me a thick handout, "and let me know if
they help.  They are more or less proven, in my mind."

     I looked through the pages and said, "This ought to help a
lot.  Thanks!"  I smiled and looked at him expectantly, waiting
to see if he had anything else.  He smiled back and my heart
fluttered.  I started to get up and he said, "Wait a second.
Would you mind if I asked you a personal question?"

     "Not at all," I said, warming to him hoping this would lead
where I wanted it to.

     "I hope you won't be offended here, but are you, by chance,
the Andrew Whitaker that is the author of Dorm Encounters?"

     "You've heard of it?" I asked, taken totally by surprise.

     "Yes, I read it as fast as you post it.  Actually, I'm even
on your mailing list but I am using an account on a freenet up
north to cover my identity a little bit.  We've even corresponded
a little about your stories."

     "Wow, I mean, I get to meet a fan in real life!  This is
cool!  Are you gay?"

     "Sure, I thought the class had decided that by now.  My
classes usually decide that in the first couple of weeks."

     "Do you have any idea how much I have lusted after you each
day in class?  You know, the funny thing about it is that I only
come to class regularly to watch you talk and move.  I've
actually had this class before and just needed to pull my grade
up to graduate."

     "Well, I'm flattered," he said looking intently at me.  He
got up and closed the door, pushing the lock button in.  "Are you
as hot as your stories say, Andrew, or is all that just fantasy?"
he asked.

     "It's true, I guess.  Would you like to find out?"

     He nodded, unbuttoning his shirt.  I stood up and began
throwing my clothes all over the office as he frantically tried
to get naked before me.  We met, naked and hard, in the middle of
the room.  Wrapping our arms around each other, we kissed deeply
for quite some time.  I felt his smooth back and tight buttocks
with my hands and got incredibly excited about what was to soon
happen.

     I backed up still clinging to him and sat/laid down on the
sofa.  I pulled him on top of me and continued to explore his
mouth with my tongue.  I reached up and removed his glasses,
laying them carefully on the windowsill behind us, and ran my
hands through his soft silky hair as I continued to taste his
mouth.

     We broke the kiss and he slid down my body a little,
dropping little kisses and pecks as he went.  His tongue found my
nipples and swirled around them hungrily, biting slightly as he
went.  His tongue traced the muscle groove down the middle of my
tongue, stopping to service my belly button for a long delicious
moment and then he dove into my bush.

     His tongue swirled around the base of my cock and I was now
going crazy with lust.  I grabbed his ears and led him to my
cockhead, pushing his open mouth down until he had swallowed my
whole shaft.  He bobbed up and down slowly, wrapping his tongue
around my pole and swiping my cockhead lovingly as he went.

     He was making me crazy and I knew I would shoot in a second
if he didn't stop so I pulled him up.  His tongue snaked down my
rod to my balls and he lathed my ballsac with spit.  He drew each
ball into his warm mouth, first one at a time and then both
together and applied firm pressure with his mouth muscles.  I was
writhing on the sofa.

     He then began tonguing my asscrack and found my little
puckered hole quickly.  He darted his tongue in and out of my ass
until I was moaning so loudly we were worried that someone would
hear us.  I was bouncing on the bed uncontrollably and knew I was
close to blowing my seed.

     He scooted back up my chest and drove his long thin cock
down my throat.  Knowing where it was to soon go, I lathered it
up with spit, exploring every crevice of his baby-smooth cock.  I
loved the feeling of it deep in my throat and really wanted to
taste his load, but knew that I would feel it soon enough
somewhere else.

     He grabbed my ankles as he slid back onto his knees at the
foot of the sofa and put them over his soft shoulders.  Aiming
that long thin diving rod at my hole, he eased in slowly and
luxuriously as I moaned.  He drove in to the root and rested
there for a moment, both of us feeling the intense pleasure that
we had found.  Realizing that I was ready to be fucked like a
whore, he began slowly driving in and out of my ass, building
speed and intensity as he went.

     Soon he was driving in and out of my ass with abandon and
jacking my cock in rhythm with his plunging.  I was totally
engrossed in the feelings my body was experiencing and closed my
eyes to get the full effect.  Every nerve in and on me was alive
and singing as this beautiful man plunged deeply in and out of
me.  Sweat poured from both our bodies and we grunted and moaned
quietly as the fucking continued.

     After a couple of particularly strong strokes from his
delicious cock, he froze and began pumping his semen into me,
just at the same time his hand brought my hardon to tumultuous
orgasm.

     We shot together, me all over his chest and hands and him
deep within my bowels.  It was truly and explosive mutual orgasm
and it seemed to last forever.

     As we finally began to calm down, we caught our breaths as
he lay down atop me, his long cock still hard and still embedded
deep within me.  Our mouths met in a fierce kiss as our tongues
wrestled with each other.  Our hearts continued to race as we
kissed, and I got the feeling that his cock wanted one more run
before he took it out.

     I was right.  He raised up and told me to bend over the arm
of the couch, which I did, pulling my asscheeks apart for his
wonderful poker.  He sank quickly into my ass and began riding
me with newfound energy.

     I felt like a horse as this cowpoke rode me (or should I
say, poked me).  He plunged in and out, grabbing my hair as he
rode me masterfully, and literally beat his cum into my ass.

     He exploded quickly, shooting another enormous load up my
chute.  He continued to fuck me as his spunk shot out of his
cock, making his ins and outs smooth gliding moves.  My ass felt
totally awesome as his semen bathed my anal chute and we cried
out together as each spurt hit deep within me.

     Finally spent, he pulled his cock out and moved his
sensitive cockhead around on my ass.  He reached under and
grabbed my throbbing cock, flipping me over in the process.  He
swooped down on my cock and took it to the hilt, drawing my semen
from my balls quickly.  I bathed his tonsils with several
fortiferous spurts of hot creamy spunk, shots that he drank as
if starving for it.

     Once my cock had begun to shrink, we fell apart and laid at
either end of the sofa, our feet rubbing each other.  We panted
and heaved for some time, wiping the cum from our bodies and
tasting it lovingly.

     I stood, after a time, touching his cheek lightly, and
dressed.  He followed suit and I stood at the door.  I turned
back and said, "Thanks for the help, Sir.  I feel better
already!"

     "I hope so," he said.  "But if you need anthing else," he
smiled, "do not hesitate to come back!"

     Time told the tale that I squeaked out a C in the class in
spite of spending many long afternoons getting extra help!



                        Part XVIII

     I've always had a fascination with swimmers.  Male swimmers,
that is.  Their sleek refined muscular bodies melt my heart and
raise my cock every time I see one.  Every time.

     There were two swimmers on my hall, and they were roommates.
Terry and Peter lived about ten doors down the hall from me, and
as they were always practicing, I rarely saw them at all.

     One night, though, I was startled from my studies (rare
occurrence, people!) to a knock on the door.  In strolled Terry
and Peter, dressed in warmups.  Their hair was still wet, and I
guessed from the early evening hour that they were just coming in
from practice.

     I looked up from my desk and said, "What can I do for you,
fellows?"

     They stood there awkwardly for a few seconds and then Terry
spoke, somewhat shyly.  "Look, Andrew.  We need some advice.
Tomorrow's our biggest meet of the season and Coach told us all
to go home and shave our arms and legs so we can be sleek in the
water tomorrow.  We wanted to know if you knew any secrets or
something...."

     "Well," I replied, warming to the subject suddenly, "I've
never shaved anything but my face, but I used to watch my Mom as
a kid when she shaved her legs and stuff.  What sort of advice
did you have in mind?"

     Peter took up the conversation.  "Actually, we think we can
do it, but we don't want all the other guys laughing at us if we
do it in the community shower.  We were wondering if (a) you
could help us since we're totally clueless and we don't want to
get any cuts, and (b) if we could use your bathroom."

     RA's on my campus had private baths, and I've always been
thankful for that, now more than ever!  "Sure, I think that would
be fine.  Do you have some razors and shaving cream?"

     Peter held up a KMart bag containing all the necessary
tools.  I ushered them to the bed and told them to take their
warmups off and leave their underwear on.  I discovered, watching
the undress, two very fundamental things.  First I discovered
that they were both really HOT.  Second I discovered that they
were both still wearing their regulation Speedo bathing suits
from practice.  This made it easier to accomplish the task, I
thought.

     I showed them into the bathroom and told Peter to fill the
tub with bath-temperature water and submerse himself in it to get
his legs wet.  I then told him to sit on the toilet (with the
cover down) and Terry and I began lathering up his legs.
Truthfully, there was not a whole lot of hair on either one of
them, and it looked like it would be an easy job overall.

     Once Peter was covered from the edge of his bathing suit to
his ankles, Terry and I each took a leg and began shaving,
dipping the razors into the tub after each stroke.  At first it
was kind of difficult because I didn't want to hurt Peter at all,
but once I got the hang of it, I began really enjoying myself.

     I was getting really wet and covered with shaving cream from
the process and stood up to drop my shirt and pants, leaving only
my tight g-string undies on.  Neither man gave me the slightest
look as I lowered my dress to this level, and we continued to
shave Peter.

     Once we decided that his legs were done, we had him rinse in
the tub and wet his arms.  I had him stand in the middle of the
bathroom and raise his arms above his head.  Terry and I began
carefully moving our razors around his underarm, taking every
little hair out of there with the utmost care.  He wiggled a
little every now and then as it certainly must have tickled.  We
then had him lower his arms and we did them too until the only
hair left on him was on his head and a slight downy effect on his
chest.

     "Now if you want to be totally right about this, Peter,
we're going to have to do the chest, too, man!" I said.

     "OK, but take it easy.  I'm really ticklish!" he said.

     With that we washed his chest off and I ran my fingers over
it lightly, feeling for hair before we creamed him up.  Shaving
his chest proved to be the most difficult since he was so
ticklish, and I had to step back every few seconds and let him
get a hold of himself before we went on.  Standing back at one
point to survey my work, I noticed that his cock had taken on a
definite rise inside those tight little Speedo's.  Oh my, I
thought to myself.  This could really get interesting.

     Terry and I were finally satisfied that we were done and we
let Peter shower quickly to rinse off.  I began to clean up a
little while he did so, and I was amazed to find Terry staring at
his teammate with rapt attention as Peter caressed himself with
the soap and rinse under the spray.  I looked down at his crotch
and realized that he, too, was turned on by all of this, and
began to wonder if there was more to this roommate/teammate
relationship than met the eye.

     Peter got out of the shower and began to dry off.  Once dry,
he and I repeated the entire process for Terry, starting with the
legs and ending with the chest.  Terry was a little hairier than
Peter and it took a little longer.  Glances every few seconds
revealed hard lumps in both pairs of Speedo's and I threw a rod
after some consideration of the effects it might have.  This was
getting too hot!!

     We finally finished Terry off and as he rinsed, this time
with Peter watching fervently, I cleaned up the floor and put all
the razors in the garbage can.  As I stood up, Peter looked me up
and down and said, "You know, Andrew, you have quite a bod,
yourself, man.  You would look awesome shaved!"

     "I don't know, Peter.  It's kind of strange, isn't it?" I
asked with fake innocence that he probably didn't read correctly.

     "No, actually it feels really cool," he said, caressing his
arms, chest and legs.  "Really sexy, I mean.  Here-- just run
your hands on my chest and tell me what you think!"

     I placed my hands on his chest and moved them around,
feeling the soft skin and, I must admit, really liking what I
felt.  "So what do you say, man?" he asked me with a glint in his
eyes.

     "OK, it'll always grow back if I don't like it, right?"

     "Right!" Peter said.  Terry had been listening to all this
and still had his hardon, I could see.  They prepared the bath
for me and had me dunk, then lathered my legs and began shaving.
I squirmed on the seat of the john as the razors ran up and down
my legs and felt really fine!  My cock soared in my tight
underwear, and it was making me very uncomfortable.

     I think Terry noticed this because he said, "Your underwear
is in the way, man.  Can't get into the cracks with it on."  With
that, the two looked at each other and together yanked my
underwear down and off.  They stared at my erection and smiled at
each other knowingly.  "Jesus, man," Terry said, "He's as hard as
we are!"

     I looked down and, true to his word, they were both rock
hard with cocktips showing above their waistbands.  We were all a
little nervous at this point, and I suppose to ease the tension,
the simultaneously stepped out of their suits as well, causing
their cocks to bounce up and slap their rock hard stomachs.
Resuming the shaving, Peter "accidentally" slipped and began
shaving my pubic mound.  Much to my surprise, I enjoyed the
sensation immensely, and allowed both of them to continue until
my cock, balls and crotch were totally devoid of hair.

     "Look at him!" Terry exclaimed.  "He looks like a little
baby now!" he continued, running his hands all over what was once
a luscious bush.  "It feels really hot!  You guys gotta do me
next!"

     Well, to make a long story short, we ended up shaving all
three of our crotches and we joined each other in the shower,
somewhat cramped for space, I might add, to rinse off.
               We ran our hands over each other as we rinsed, and I believe
the touches were a little more than lingering.  Our cocks waved
in the fine mist of the shower and we all grinned as we continued
to caress each others' smooth bodies.  We got out of the shower
and dried each other off.

     This was too intense for me.  I ran my hands over my new
clean-shaven friends and exclaimed, "This is by far the most
erotic thing I have ever done, guys!"

     "We think so too, man.  Let's go into the other room and
check each other out!" said Peter with a grin.  He pulled both of
us into my room and we climbed onto the bed.

     In no time flat, we were caressing and stroking each others'
smooth bodies, our erections straining with the erotic pressures.
I could stand it no longer and sank my lips onto Terry's smooth
cock.  I took him whole to the root and ran my tongue over his
smooth pubic mound and absolutely went nuts with the sensations
my tongue was feeling.  Peter was quick to join in, swallowing my
pounding throbbing cock to the hilt as well.  I suppose Terry
felt a little left out because he told us to get on the floor so
we could daisy-chain.

     Soon the three of us were writhing around on the floor, each
mouth busy on a cock and each pair of hands feeling and caressing
the smooth naked body it was sucking.  It was intense, absolutely
marvelous.  Like sucking off a man-sized baby or something.

     The sexual pressures were too great for this to last much
longer, and we each climaxed into waiting mouths violently.  My
cum shot out of my cock like wet bullets and I swallowed Terry's
hot steamy load hungrily.  Once we had all drank to our fill and
pulled off the dick we were working on, we fell back, panting and
breathing hard as we did.  I lay, looking at the two smooth demi-
gods before me and was moved beyond words.  I couldn't speak they
were so incredibly gorgeous.  Something like models in gay porno
magazines, I suppose.  They are always clean shaven and oiled
down.....

     Oiled down?  Did I think Oiled Down?  What a wonderful idea.
As I sprang up and ran to the desk, I could see they were
puzzled, but when I returned with my huge family sized bottle of
baby oil, they got the idea.

     "Now here's the rules," I said.  "You can't put it on
yourself but you have to be totally covered by the time it's
over," I continued.  They nodded comically and held their hands
out.  I let them work on each other for a few minutes and was
incredibly hard in minutes watching these two men, who, by now I
realized had done something like this to each other before, oil
each other down.  It was erotic, kinky and sexy as hell.  They
finished each other and went to work on me together until the
three of us glistened in the lamplight.  I got my camera out and
we took turns photographing each other solo, and then together in
sexy poses.  The polaroids rolled out and I got the brilliant
idea to take some fuck shots.

     The two of them seemed ok with that, and Terry mounted his
teammate with great ease and began pistoning in and out of his
smooth oily ass.  I took several shots and finally had to put the
camera down as I could not hold my hands steady.  This was better
than any porno movie I had ever seen, and I had to get in on the
action before I spewed all over the place.

     I came up behind Terry and rammed into his warm tight ass.
We fucked in tandem creating a marvelous rhythm that had us all
grunting and groaning loudly.  Our six arms roamed each others
oily bodies and the feelings and sexual tensions were just too
much for words.  Infuckingcredible is all I can say!

     Without much pretense, I began pounding my fuckee, shooting
gob after gob of hot sticky semen up his chute.  I could tell
from his grunting that he was filling Peter at the same time, and
I looked around the slimy bodies just in time to see Peter
fisting his load all over the floor.

     When it was all over, we fell to the floor and took turns
sliding all over each other and kissing.  The passion wearing
thin, we jumped in the shower and cleaned up, dressing after
doing so.

     As Peter and Terry left, Peter smiled and kissed me saying,
"We will most likely need touch ups in a few days.  Interested?"

     "Of course, stud!  You bring the razors, I'll bring the
oil!!"



                        Part XIX

     If you've never sung in a college choir, you will have
little to go on to imagine all of what I am about to tell you,
but bear with me.  It'll be worth your while, I assure you!

     I have sung in our university's choir for three years now
and have finally become not only the Section Leader for the
Tenors, but the Stage Manager as well.  As such, I am responsible
for tranporting the orchestra's equipment and instruments as well
as our own when we go on tour.

     This particular year that I am writing about, we were given
the opportunity of a lifetime: a huge tour covering many states
with six television appearances as we travelled around.  We had
our own representative from our state's public television network
documenting all aspects of our trip, and we found the attention
he and his crew gave us a real trip.  Of course we were stifled
into our best behaviors at times, but it was OK knowing that a
television special was being made about us in the process.

     Our tour took us to several large cities with many stops in
small towns in between.  The choir rode on one bus and the
orchestra rode on the other.  The two directors drove in a car
leading the pack, and I, as Stage Manager rode in a 15 passenger
van with the equipment.  I had a hard time at first keeping up
with the busses, but they learned to watch for me and we had a
wonderful time.

     At each location, we would be housed either in college dorm
rooms (if we were singing on a campus) and in alumni homes if we
were singing in churches or places like that.  I had chosen a guy
named Rob to ride in the van with me, not really because he was
good looking or anything, but because I knew the long driving
hours could be taken care of quickly with his witty
conversations.

     The first several days went uneventfully, the camera crew
doing its job and we doing ours.  On about the fourth day, the
conversation in the van finally turned to sex (it had to sooner
or later-- you know me!) and I discovered that though Rob was
straight as an arrow with a girlfriend in the Soprano section, he
was very curious about gay sex and the gay lifestyle in general.
I found great pleasure leisurely describing my life to him and
what adventures I had expereienced to that point, and he hung on
every word with utter fascination.

     At one point, the cameraman asked to ride with us as his van
was quite cramped and we let him ride in the back.  The
discussion of sex continued and I was quite aroused to find that
this hunky man was gay and looking for some action.

     We arrived at our stop for the night, a small provincial
town near a big southern city and were given our housing
assignments.  I was quite surprised to find that Rob, the
Cameraman and I had been sent to a hotel when alumni housing ran
short.  We agreed to share a room to save the school some money,
and settled into our HoJo room with no trouble.  It had been
decided that it would be logical for Stuart, the cameraman and I
to sleep in one bed and let Rob have the other to himself.

     We went to dinner and came back and lay on the two beds
watching TV.  Stuart and I were lying close together and before
too long, his scent began to empassion me.  I reached around his
stomach and pulled him to me, caressing him lightly.  I looked
over at Rob who had been watching us and had quickly turned his
head.  I giggled and leaned down to kiss Stuart.  He kissed back
with a vengance and we were soon locked in a lover's embrace,
swapping spit and moaning slightly.  We broke apart and looked at
the other bed, only to find Rob staring intently and groping
himself openly.

     I got up on my knees and ripped my t-shirt over my head and
pulled my shorts and underwear off, my cock bouncing to my
stomach.  Stuart watched my display in fascination, stripping as
he went.  I got my first really good look at him and I discovered
that five years of carrying a camera had been good to him.  His
chest was well defined, his arms were huge and masculine, his
butt's two little round globes looked tight and delectible and
his cock, though shorter than I usually like them, was
magnificently hard.

     Rob watched this disrobing with great interest and when we
settled down to a good sixty-nine, he seemed utterly fascinated.
Stuart and I sucked each other expertly, drawing each others'
cocks in and out of our warm mouths.  I fingered his butt and
found it to be quite tight and very warm.  He squirmed on my
finger and began rooting around in mine as I pressed my long thin
finger against his prostate gland.

     Rob was openly groping himself and rubbing what appeared to
be a pretty good sized cock through his jeans.  I looked over at
him and suggested, "Why don't you take it off, big guy, and come
join us?"

     He said, "I'm fine, man.  Just watching you guys go at it is
getting me really hot!  You should see what you guys look like
doin' that!"

     Stuart and I thought of the same thing at that moment: why
not see it?  He jumped off the bed and quickly set up one of the
smaller cameras he had been working with and aimed it at the bed.
He started it rolling, shooting me working my thick cock with my
hands, eyes closed and moaning.  He motioned to Rob and told him
what to do with the controls, and joined me on the bed.

     You have no idea until you try it how strange it feels to
perform sexually for a camera, even when it is in such a causal
setting as this!  We resumed our sixty nine and butt ramming
finger action for Rob who was breathing rather heavily looking
through the lens.  I backed up a little and spread my cheeks for
the camera and heard the zoom motor honing in on my little
rosebud.  I pulled my cheeks apart as far as they would go and
made my ass wink for the camera.

     "Do that again!  That was cool!" Rob said.  I flexed my ass
muscles and gave him the winking show he asked for.  He was
awestruck.  "I've never seen that before.  That was so fucking
awesome, man!" he said.

     I rejoined Stuart and began tonguing his asshole, first
running my tongue up and down his crack and then darting my stiff
tongue deep inside his anus and out again.  The zoom lens took
care of capturing the details and I could tell Rob was beyond the
point of being able to control himself.  I whispered to Stuart to
go put it on autopilot or something and bring Rob back with him,
which he did.

     Rob seemed really nervous at first and just lay on the bed,
fully clothed.  Stuart and I both glanced at his crotch, and
ascertaining that his rod was as stiff as ever, we began to
slowly undress him, one of us on each side of his body.  He
trembled slightly as we passed out fingers across his now naked
body, and closed his eyes.

     I leaned over and planted my mouth over his, sucking his
tongue forcibly into my mouth and eliciting little moans from
him.  I could feel Stuart behind me, drawing Rob's incredibly
hard cock into his mouth.  The slurping noises coming from that
end of him told me that all was well there, and I began to kiss
my way down to his cock as well.

     Soon we were both tonguing his shaft, me at the head and
Stuart up and down the shaft.  Rob moaned and wiggled in his
wrapped up passion.  I allowed my tongue to search out his balls
and drew them both in my mouth, swirling my tongue around each of
them.  His hips raised off the bed as I released them and
travelled farther down.

     I reached his ass as he raised his legs in the air, and
began swirling around and around his hairly little hole.  I tried
to push my tongue inside but he was too tight from fear that I
couldn't get it in.  I continued to lap at his anal entrance for
a while, trying to ease the tension in his sphincter muscles.
Finally, he eased up a little and I was able to push my dick-like
tongue inside.  I swabbed around, loving the tight warmth of his
hole.  I took my tongue out and wet my index finger, poising it
at his hole.  I swirled it around a while, tickling him and
teasing him, then jabbed it into his ass with one mighty push.
He grunted and began bucking as my fingertip found his prostate
gland.

               As I began fingering his ass earnestly, I looked up to
discover Stuart sqatting over Rob's face, his cock sunk deep into
Rob's throat.  I watched Rob's throat muscles throb around the
massive intruder and he seemed to enjoy sucking with somewhat of
a gusto.

     My finger just wasn't enough and I raised his legs and began
to prepare for dick entry.  He seemed to know what was about to
happen, and tried to scoot closer to me, but the action at his
face prevented him from moving.  I placed my dripping cocktip at
his anal entry and began to push forward just as Stuart placed
his ass over Rob's mouth.  I heard Rob's muffled groans as I
pushed in, and watched his tongue flit back and forth over
Stuart's asshole.  It was too hot and I was moved to fuck with a
vengance.  I drove in and out of him mercilessly while he
continued to alternately suck Stuart off and eat his ass,
whimpering at each of my thrusts.

     Stuart must have decided that he needed more action and
bounced over behind me, inserting his dick in my ready and
willing ass. I flipped Rob over to make us all more comfortable,
and while the two of them held relatively still, I bounced back
and forth between them, reveling in the fact that I was fucking
and being fucked at the same time.

     This went on for several meaty moments until Rob cried out,
"I've got to get my dick into someone's ass and NOW!"

     We disengaged our heaving sweaty bodies and changed
positions, this time with Rob fucking me and me fucking Stuart.
The ryhthm and positioning was better this time, and while I was
still in the middle, it just plain felt better.  We writhed and
moaned and grunted as we heaved in and out of one another until I
felt the first blast from Rob's cock hit the depths of my
asshole.  He came like nothing I've seen and began dumping huge
loads of cum up my chute while I, in turn, volleyed gob after gob
into the sexy cameraman's butt.  We all came for some time, and
moaned and groaned and yelled as we did.

     Once the seed had been spilled, we fell apart, gasping for
breath and dripping with cum and sweat.  I pulled Stuart's ass
around and began eating my cum from it, sucking and licking as I
went.  Rob seemed intent on copying my every move and pulled
around behind me and began to ream my ass out.  Soon we were all
worked up again and lay on the bed, side by side, propped up at
the headboard, beating out meat in unison.  Without much fanfare
we began pumping cum all over ourselves, flinging our dicks
around and causing cum to hit each of us.  When it was all over
with, we lay, sticky and wet, until we fell asleep.

     Some time later, I awoke to find Rob plugged deep inside
Stuart and riding him wildly, shooting as he bucked back and
forth.  I looked around to get my bearings and my eyes fell on
the camera, still set up and still running.

               "Oh fuck," I yelled, pointing.  The other two stopped what
they were doing and followed my finger.  They saw the camera and
began laughing hysterically as I joined in.  We laughed for some
time and finally turned the damn thing off and went to sleep.

     When we returned to school a week later, the three of us got
together and watched the entire film.  We found it arousing and
quite interesting to watch both ourselves and each other in
action, and the viewing room became too hot to handle.  Needless
to say a rescreening was in order, and we tromped out of the
video technology center and to my room for a little camcorder
retake!



                        Part XX


Author's note:  Jason is a repeat character here as he is one of
my favorites.  Though he is based in description on a good friend
who was quite flattered by the first story about him (Part IX) he
is completely straight in real life.



     Summer quarter seems to come and go so fast at this school
that I hardly have time to catch my breath as it happens around
me.  Our school has a short quarter with extra long classes since
they use the campus for other activities during the summer as
well.  As such, just when you are getting comfortable in a class,
it's time for midterms and then finals come right behind them.
Get the drift?

     At any rate, we were in the middle of a quarter such as the
one I'm talking about.  The dorm was in the throes of a wild
midsummer party and the noise was reaching levels I could no
longer tolerate.  It being a Friday night, however, there was not
much I could do about it since we had no noise restrictions on
the weekends.

     I was sitting in my room trying to concentrate on my French
midterm and was having no luck.  My door and windows were closed
and despite the air conditioning, I was feeling stifled beyond
hope.  I roamed around my room restlessly, searching for
something, anything to take my mind off of what was going on
around me.  Just when I thought I would lose my mind, the phone
rang.  I went to answer it and was pleased at who was at the
other end of the line.

     "Hello?" I said.

     "Hi, Andrew.  This is Jason."

     "Jason!" I exclaimed.  "How are you?  Is your dorm as wild
as mine, man?"

     "Wilder.  I am about to lose my mind and have got to get out
of here for a while.  I called to see if you wanted to go for a
ride off campus somewhere with me-- perhaps bring something to
eat or something."

     "Love to.  You just don't know how close I was to setting
the place on fire just to shut everyone up, man.  How soon can
you be here?"  I chuckled loudly.

     "Ten minutes, tops.  Meet me out front.  Bring some money."

     "Cool, man.  See you then!"

     I hung up the phone feeling suddenly better about the whole
evening, and quickly brushed my teeth and hair.  I donned some
shorts and a clean t-shirt, slipped a couple of condoms in my
pocket (just in case), and stepped into my sandals.  In ten
minutes, I walked out the door, hair waving in the wind.

     I stood in front of the building and before too long, Jason
came barreling around the corner and into the parking lot.  He
has a relatively old Mercedes with a convertible and the roof was
down.  His long brown hair billowed in the wind as he screeched
to a stop in front of me, reaching over and throwing open the
door.

     I climbed in and we were off, careening around the parking
lot.  We stopped at a JiffyMart and picked up some chips and
sodas and stuff and Jason pointed the car into the country.

     We drove silently for some time, munching and drinking and
taking in the night air.  I watched him eat and drink and
realized that there were few men on the planet that were as
sexually alluring as he was without knowing it.  He's one of
those classical men with the square jaw, the long straight hair,
the smooth tan skin, the large veiny hands and feet, that you see
in cologne ads on television and in magazines.

     Once we had eaten and finished our sodas, we began to chat
about residence hall life, our jobs, our lives, etc. until we had
a pretty interesting chat going.  We had, by this time, driven an
hour or so out of town and were literally in the middle of
thousands of acres of farmland.  The starlit sky was brightly lit
with dancing stars and the cool breeze blowing over the fields
blew our hair restlessly.

     Jason drove the car off the road, down a dirt lane and
across a wide pasture, coming to rest next to a large tree that
graced a small lake.  I turned to him and said, "You know who
owns this land or something?"

     "Yep.  Friend of mine.  Said I could come here whenever I
wanted.  So here we are, and isn't it the coolest?"

     "I must admit," I said, looking around, "this is the most
peaceful spot I have seen in ages.  What bliss!"  I yawned and
stretched my arms up in the air, feeling the cool night air blow
around me.

     We sat for some time, sharing our lives and talking about
important things.  Time passed and we leaned back to watch the
stars go by.  He pointed some of them out to me and I realized at
that moment that Jason was one of the most wonderful men I had
ever known.  His soft gentle voice and his way of saying things
melted me.

     At one point, the conversation lulled, and we sat, side by
side, staring at the sky.  He reached over and put his hand on
mine, and for many quiet moments, our hands gently caressed each
other.  My hand crept over his hand and began running up and down
his bare thigh.  My fingers sang the joys of his smooth skin as
they traced his firm muscles.

     I leaned over and kissed his cheek, saying as I did so, "Do
you have any idea how much I needed this, Jason?"

     "I think we were in the same boat, Andrew.  I just needed to
be out in the natural world with you so badly!"

     We kissed, deeply and soulfully, pouring our entire beings
into each other as our tongues found each other and danced
between our mouths.  The kiss lasted forever-- it was not the
frantic, passionless, lustful tongue-fight I was used to, and I
loved it, every second of it.  I felt as if we were transferring
our lives' data from one mouth to the other and back again.  Each
lazy, playful swipe of the tongue brought me closer to him, and
vice versa.  It went on for some time.

     As we kissed, I began running my hands over his chest and
legs.  He did the same to me and without much more than that, we
were groping, kissing, fondling and enjoying ourselves
tremendously.  Our kiss broke and I raised Jason's shirt over his
head, marvelling at the moon's glow on his smooth muscular chest.
I ran my fingers over it lightly, tweaking his nipples as I went,
and leaned down to kiss and suck each one.  His hands ran through
my hair as I did so, and electricity flowed from his fingertips
into my soul.

     I released his seat belt and pushed him upwards until he was
sitting on the headrest, his feet in the seat.  I grasped his
belt buckle and pulled it loose, freeing his jeans.  I pulled
them from his waist and dropped them on the floor.  As I had
suspected from looking crotchward, he had no underwear on, and
his magnificent cock sprang up and bounced on his stomach, happy,
apparently, to be free from its bonds.

     I continued to caress his washboard stomach until my fingers
found his navel.  They followed the little furry trail that
pointed downward until both my hands were wrapped around his
thick cock, squeezing and caressing all the way.  He moaned
lightly as I leaned over and kissed his velvet-like cockhead,
drawing it into my warm wet mouth.  I swirled my tongue around
and around, eliciting little murmurs of pleasure from him.

     I then began the job of bringing his magnificent cock to
orgasm, running my tongue all over his cock and balls, bending in
a little to dab at his puckered hole, and then back to swoop down
on his dripping rod.  He tugged at my hair and ears and kneaded
my shoulders in a lazy insistent way, as if begging me to commit
to the cocksuck itself.  I did, eventually, and sucked him with
the expertise of a seasoned veteran, drawing every ounce of
strength I had to work his cock in, out, and around my mouth.

     His cock swelled and got much harder at one point, and I
knew he was close.  Squeezing his juicy balls with one hand and
fondling his asshole with the other, I brought him to a screaming
orgasm that had his yells echoing across the farmland around us.
He shot an enormous load of spunk down my throat, yelling and
pulling my hair and ears as each jet of warm, creamy semen
blasted my tonsils and slid down my waiting throat.

     When he was finished, his cock still hard as a rock, I
pulled off and pulled him back down in the seat, meeting his
mouth with mine and feeding him some of his load.  Despite the
cool night, sweat poured from his body, allowing him to slide
around in the leather seat easily.

     I thought at first, when he began tugging at my clothes,
that he was going to give me the same treatment, but once I was
naked, he bent over in the seat and began to blow me expertly.
Jason's long hot tongue snaked over and around my cockhead, and
then began running up and down the length of my veiny shaft with
a touch that sent shivers running down my spine.  He took me in
quickly, comfortable with my length and girth, and began giving
me the release I so needed.

     I thrashed in the seat and pawed at his body as he blew me,
moaning and grunting loudly as he continued to minister to my
cock.  Without much warning, his sucking and caressing brought me
to a screaming orgasm and wave after wave of searing hot sperm
shot from my cock, blasting the back of his throat.  When it was
all over, and I had stopped shouting and stopped shaking, I lay
back in the seat, spent and wonderfully tired.

     We lay that way in the car, holding hands and murmuring
lightly to each other for some time, our cocks dancing in the
breeze before us.

     Jason let go of me and climbed out of the car and opened the
trunk.  Pulling a blanket from it, he beckoned me to follow.  I
watched as his lithe naked body walked into the shadows beyond
the trees, and followed his footsteps carefully.  We ended up on
in a small wood, and he led me to a clearing amidst some small
cedar trees.  The woods were alive with sounds and smells, and I
stopped for a moment to listen and smell the creatures of the
night.  Totally serene this place was, and my heart beat faster
with the passion that was building up inside me.

     Jason spread the blanket and lay down on it.  I joined him
and soon we were wrapped in each others' arms, kissing, hugging
and fondling each other with utter abandon.  This was not the
frenzied fucking around of the dorms, this was something totally
new and totally exciting.

     We ended up in a sixty-nine position and sucked each others'
hard throbbing pricks.  I pulled back a little and dove into his
ass, marveling at the musky smell and wonderful taste of his
rosebud.  My little tongue penetrated his wiggling ass about the
same time his did mine, and we licked, sucked and rocked for
quite some time.

     I had to have him inside me.  It was as simple as that.  I
got on all fours to give him the hint, and after sliding a condom
on his cock (must have been carrying it, I guess) he plunged
headfirst (you know which head) into my waiting and willing ass.
I tightened my ass muscles to give him the friction and warmth
that he so desired, and rocked back towards him to allow him
maximum penetration.  At that angle, his cock jabbed my prostate
every time he sank into me, and my whole body was tingling
excitedly.

     His lazy fucking had me whining for more, and he began to
thrust with some sense of urgency as he heeded my cries for more.
His thick cock ravaged my tight ass and I rocked with him.
Suddenly, I felt the warmth of his ejaculation as it filled the
condom.  It sent shivers down my spine as I felt the rubber
around his cock fill and tighten with the pressure of his load.
He stopped shooting and pulled out, whipping the condom off his
cock and holding it to his mouth.  I watched in fascination as he
ingested his load, every drop of it, until the condom was as dry
as when he started.

     He then rolled onto his back and slipped a tight condom on
my aching cock.  Raising his legs into the air, he begged me, no
pleaded me, to fuck him hard and long.  I couldn't resist that
invitation and quickly filled his waiting hole.  His ass was so
tight, so warm and so fucking hot that I almost came sinking in
for the first time.  I concentrated on something else, though,
and was able to begin stroking in and out of him gently and
lovingly.

     "Fuck me harder, man!  Give it to me!  Plow that furrow,
farmer!" he cried.

     I hardly heard his words.  I was fucking with total abandon,
banging my ballsac on his ass at every stroke, and feeling the
pleasure of his ass with every rise and fall.  Deeply I plunged
in and out of him, sliding effortlessly through his tender chute.
At that point, I began filling my condom with juice so fast that
I thought it might slip off.  My cock was loving the slippery
feeling of the friction caused by its endless rising and sinking,
surrounded by its own juices.

     I pulled out as I shot the last jet into the condom and
ripped it off my dick, spilling some of my load on my chest.
Jason quickly licked it off, running his tongue through and
around the little puddle.  I raised the condom to my mouth and
sucked in the lifeserum it held.  My cum tasted wonderfully sweet
and salty all at the same time, and I smiled at him as it ran
down my throat and into my stomach.  I threw the rubber to the
side and leaned down to embrace him fiercely.

     We lay like that, stark naked on a blanket in the middle of
the woods for hours.  We talked of our families, our friends,
school, the whole gamut.  As the passion we had experienced
overtook us, we performed sexual feats for and on each other.  I
had never felt so wonderfully free as I did that late night/early
dawn.

     As the sun began to come up, we heard awakening sounds from
the paddocks and farmhouse nearby.  We touched and caressed some
more and then scampered to the car to dress.

     As we rode back to town and to campus, we held hands and
played in each others' laps a little.  We didn't say much: we
didn't have to.  It had been special for both of us, and we
needed no further spoken acknowledgement of that.

     When Jason dropped me off at my dorm, he leaned over and
kissed me for some time, uninhibited and uncaring of any
onlookers.  I waltzed into the building, somewhat under a spell
of sorts, and went to my room, passing the doors of my residents
who were busy snoring and sleeping.  I showered for a long time,
loving the feel of the hot water on my body, and crawled into my
bed.  As I fell asleep, I thought back over the past hours with
Jason and thought to myself, "It just doesn't get much better
than that!"



                        Part XXI

     Jason and I had begun to spend a lot of time together, much
to the wonderment of the rest of the staff and much to the
pleasure of the many gossipy students in the dorms.

     We talked about our developing relationship and made several
important conclusions.  First, we decided that we would promote
our relationship in public so that people could see that gays,
lesbians, and bisexuals could have healthy loving relationships
just like straight people could, and that our behavior in public
was no more deviant than anyone else's.  Second, we decided that
while we would prefer to be exclusive to each other sexually, an
occasional slip would not cost us the relationship.

     I had done this kind of thing once before with Jay, of
course, but had chickened out at the last minute.  I was wary at
first of making any kind of committment to Jason, but after
spending a lot of time with him and being seen with him in
public, I must admit that my self-esteem went way up.  We walked
around campus hand in hand everywhere we went, and though we
initally drew some stares, people got used to it and eventually
we saw some other couples doing the same thing.

     You have to understand something about our campus.  New
things are just that-- new things.  There is always the initial
shock of something new and exciting, but once the papers have
written about it and the students have chewed it over, life
continues without much hubub.

     So Jason and I became lovers.  Our sex life continued to get
more interesting and we spent a lot of time making passionate
love in a variety of settings.  Our favorite place became my room
because people on my floor understood well what my closed door
meant, and since I had slept with so many of them, they were able
to afford us some sense of privacy.

     We both had our RA duties to attend to, of course, but when
we were not on duty, we spent the nights with each other either
at his place or mine, always so engrossed in bring each other
pleasure that we hardly noticed the distractions of the outside
world.

     It was on one such occasion that we found ourselves curled
up naked, wrapped around each other in front of the television
watching the U.S. gymnastics team in some sort of Olympic
qualifications meet.  We both enjoyed watching the lithe young
men perform these feats of skill and athletic prowess, showing
every muscle at work so gracefully.  As we watched, Jason began
semi-stretching on the bed and I asked him what he was doing.

     "I used to be pretty limber when I took Karate, years ago.
I wonder how limber I am now." he told me.

               He climbed off the bed and began posing for me, his soft
cock nestled in his rich brown pubic hair, his long shiny hair
cascading down his back.  Every muscle in his body bulged as he
struck a variety of poses for my enjoyment.  My cock began to
rise on its own accorded, unaided by anything.  I was becoming
incredibly aroused watching his display, and slowly started
caressing my throbbing member.

     His poses got more interesting as they went along, each more
intricate than the next.  He did backbends and headstands and
handstands and his cock, too, began to show signs of coming to
life.  I watched in utter awe as he contorted his body into
newer, stranger positions.

     He relaxed for a moment and came over to the bed.  "Want to
see something really cool, my darling?" he asked.

     "Sure, but I have to warn you.  This could get out of hand!"

     "Go for it," I said, smiling, anticipating something
outrageous.

     He crawled up on the bed and lay on his back, placing his
legs high in the air and his feet on the wall.  As I watched,
utterly amazed, he began scooting his ass closer and closer to
the wall until his cheeks were pressed tightly against it, his
legs flat against the wall above.

     His cock stood straight up from his groin, arching slightly
and I began to lick my lips in anticipation of whatever he was
going to do.

     He grabbed his cock with one hand and began bending his legs
down over his body, his ass riding up the wall slightly as they
bent.  As I watched in total fascination, his cock pointed down
and aimed at his mouth.  He worked his manly hand up and down his
shaft and pulled it towards his mouth as his body continued to
curl up until his velvet-like cockhead brushed his lips.

     I was so hard and horny I thought I would blow apart.  My
hands were working furiously on my own cock as he began licking
the head of his.  His long thin tongue snaked around his cockhead
and began crawling down his shaft.  With quite a bit of grunting
and a little pushing, he managed to swallow about half of his
shaft, and I sat quite still watching in utter amazement and
listening to the slurping he was making.

     I think he forgot I was there as he concentrated on bringing
himself off.  He sucked and licked his cock expertly, and I was
truly beating myself into a frenzy watching him at work.  He
continued to work on his cock, pushing it deeper into his throat
a little bit at a time as his body strained and stretched.

     Finally, he pulled his cock out of his mouth and said, "So
what do you think, man?"

     "I have NEVER seen anything so fucking hot in my life!  I
wish I could do that.  You have no idea how incredibly erotic
that is to watch!"

     "You know what would make it even hotter?"

     "I can't imagine, but I'm game, Jason."  I said, expecting
something totally exciting!

     "Come over here and take care of my ass and help me push it
deeper." he instructed.

     Jason sank his lips back around his cock and I crawled
across the bed to his side.  I placed my hands on his ass and
pushed down gently, causing his cock to sink deeper into his
mouth.  I ran my fingers over his winking puckered hole,
caressing his anal entry.  He moaned deeply and put a hand on
mine, urging it to take a more active role in its playing.

     I slipped my longest finger in my mouth and coated it with
spit.  I then slid it into his hot ass, moving it around and
brushing it across his prostate gland.  He wiggled and moaned
profusely as I continued my finger spelunking as he did so.

     I could stand this no longer, this sitting by his side
watching him get all the pleasure.  I stood up and pulled his
body around until I could approach him at the right angle.  I
stood on the bed, sort of behind him, and aimed my spit slicked
cock at his hole.  I bent at the knees until my cockhead came
next to his hole.  I pushed in slightly and noticed that below
me, his cock slipped that much further into his mouth.

     He continued to moan and slurp on his cock as my cock sunk
into his bowels.  I plunged in to the hilt, finding his wonder
gland, and began to slowly fuck his ass.  He groaned deeply as I
pressed his cock further and further into his mouth, and spit
began drooling out of the cracks of his mouth.

     I started fucking him earnestly, and he let his cock slip
from his mouth.  He reached around and pulled my ass close to
him, allowing me to reach interesting new depths in his hot
steamy ass.  I fucked him hard and long, both of us gasping for
breath and sweat pouring off of both of us.  The fucking took its
toll rather quickly, and I began pelleting his insides with hot
searing cum, blast after blast shooting through his tunnel of
love and hitting the deep back walls.

     I shot and shot and shot until my legs wobbled so badly I
could no longer stand on the bed, and I fell back, utterly spent
and exhausted.  He climed abord my chest and placed the head of
his dick at my mouth, insistingly pushing it past my waiting
lips.  I sucked him in deep, wrapping my arms around his waist
and began giving him the attention he needed.  He pinched his
nipples and moved his hands over his body, moaning and groaning
loudly.  I sucked him expertly and fondled his balls lightly.
Suddenly he stiffened and began pouring gobs of hot steamy sperm
into my mouth.  His semen blasted my tonsils and slid down my
throat as I sucked him dry greedily.

     Once it was over and he had spent his rich load, we fell
down onto the bed, draped over each other, and panted and gasped
for breath.  As our breathing eased, we crawled over each other,
curling up like two spoons, me in the back with my soft cock
nestled in his ass crack.

     I wrapped my arms around him and said, whispering in his
ear, "That was the most incredible sexual experience of my life,
Jason.  Never have I done anything or seen anything so incredibly
erotic.  We've got to get that on video or something!"

     He turned his head and kissed me.  "I don't know if I can do
that often.  You've no idea how incredibly painful that can be
and how difficult it is to hold that position for very long.  I
would consider another attempt for video though-- give us
something to really jack off over, huh?"

     "You bet," I said, kissing him back.  Our tongues lingered
together, lazily dueling between our mouths.

     "I really do love you, you know.  You have become the most
important person in my life, and these times that we spend
together are the happiest moments of my life," I said.

     "I feel the same way about you, my darling man."

     We curled up together and watched television for many hours
into the night, pausing between programs to give each other more
loving attention.  As I recall, during that one particular night,
we each suffered amazingly through seven or eight tumultuous
orgasms.  Definitely a night to remember!



                        Part XXII

     Jason and I decided to go to Mexico for Spring Break-- just
the two of us.  We had planned to spend the week in a romantic
escape kind of mood, and made few tangible plans.  Whatever
happened, happened.

     We flew from school to Mexico City and spent the night in a
quaint little hotel right across the street from the park.  After
a wonderful dinner in the courtyard of the hotel during which we
were entertained by colorful and very talented musicians and
dancers, we strolled hand in hand through the park, marvelling at
the ancientness of everything and discussing our lives.  It was
one of the most intense evening of my life.  Upon returning from
the park, we climbed in bed and curled up around one another,
naked in the warm moonlit night.  We slept peacefully and woke
the next morning to make love slowly, effortlessly, and
peacefully.

     After a splendid breakfast, we rented a car and drove to my
favorite place in the world, Cuernavaca.  In this dirty little
hidden town, my father owns a hotel/resort kind of place that
literally takes my breath away every time I go there.  It is
called Las Mananitas (The Little Mornings) and is nothing short
of Paradise.

     Imagine parking your car on the dirtiest most narrow street
in the world and walking a block or so.  Imagine finding yourself
standing in front of the largest, oldest pair of wooden doors
you've ever seen.  Cut inside the big doors is a small door with
a large iron ring.  You pull the ring, the small door swings
open, and suddenly you have stepped into another world.  Whereas
the street was gray, brown, dingy, dirty, etc., the inside of
this place was teeming with smiling people, absolutely
resplendent in green, pink, blue, every color under the sun.  For
as far as you can see there is green grass, beautiful fountains,
peacocks running all over the place, and tables with cheerful
rich people sitting all over the place.  This is heaven to me.
No other place in the world cheers me up so fast.

     We spoke with the Manager who knows me well (my parents came
here 30 years ago, fell in love with it and bought it, to return
twice yearly), and got our room, the best in the house.

     I have to describe our room, too.  Back in the back of the
courtyard are several small buildings.  Each is a "special" room,
reserved for those with connections or a lot of money.  You walk
through a gate into your own private courtyard with its own
private pool (quite small-- about twelve by twelve, I think) and
then across your own little courtyard and through double doors
into a beautiful sunlit room.  There is a sitting room with
elegant leather furniture, a bedroom with a massive king-sized
bed, a small kitchenette stocked with most of the necessaries,
and an enormous bathroom with sauna and whirlpool.  Best of all,
it's totally private.  No one can see it.  No one.

     We paid the bellboy and ran around peeking and poking into
everything.  Jason comes from a middle class family and he had
never seen anything like this in real life.  I sat back and
watched him, amused and touched by his curiosity and awe.  I
suggested we go into town for a while so I could show him the
sights.

     We went to the marketplace where he saw dead animals hanging
from hooks, we tasted the many fruits and vegetables grown in the
area, we lunched at a small restaurant on the pavilion, and we
took in all the touristy things to see.  Everywhere we went we
were stared at, I think in admiration, I'm not sure.  Jason is
such a beautiful creature that man and woman alike have watched
his every move, and I've rather enjoyed being attached to this
object of such intense scrutiny.  He seemed to love it as well,
and smiled at everyone who looked his way.  Hand in hand we
explored the little town until we had gotten tired of walking.

     We returned to Las Mananitas and went to our room.  On the
way the Manager told me that he had set two places at his table
for us for dinner, and we would dine at 7 if it was convenient.
I told him that we would be there, and Jason and I traipsed
across the lawn to our room.  Once behind the gate, I took him in
my arms and held him at arms length.

     "Baby, are you happy?" I asked.

     He smiled that incredibly melting smile of his and said,
"Yes.  I know now what it is to be in heaven.  All this beauty
and you in one place-- I haven't come down from my high yet!"

     I hugged him to me tightly, caressing his long silky hair
and kissing the side of his neck.  We stood like this for some
time until I could feel the heat from his crotch.  I dragged him
inside and asked if he wanted to swim.  He said he did, and we
stripped, grabbed towels and ran outside to our little courtyard.
We dove into the pool and came up gasping, treading water around
each other like some sort of mating ritual for fish.  We relaxed
in the warm water until our muscles felt like butter, enjoying
the birds singing in the trees, the smells of dinner coming from
the restaurant, and the amazingly colorful flowers surrounding
us.

     We got out and kissed briefly, and went inside to dress for
dinner.  I watched Jason dry himself with rapt attention.  He
lovingly caressed every square inch of his wonderful body with
the plush towel, and paid particular attention to his cock,
which, by now, had risen slightly to the occasion.  I stood
motionless, watching him, and my heart swelled to the point of
becoming painful as I realized that this man was what my life was
all about.  This man was what made me go from day to day.

               We had a marvelous dinner with the Manager.  The best wine
poured freely, the best food in the house was presented for our
opinions, and the conversation was scintillating.  The Manager
told me that my parents had just been there two weeks before, and
that they had, as always, had a wonderful time.  I gave Jason a
chance to practice his Spanish and the two of them got along
admirably.  I am quite sure the Manager knew the exact nature of
our relationship, but he said nothing.  He smiled at me several
times, though, giving me the idea he knew what we had planned for
the evening.

     As we finished dinner and strolled out into the gardens, the
Manager pulled me aside and said, "Your friend Jason is truly a
work of art, Senor Andrew.  Never have I seen a more beautiful
man in all my life.  You are very good for each other, and I wish
you all the happiness life has to offer."

     I patted him on the back and smiled, unable to speak for
fear of crying at these sentiments.  I joined Jason next to the
large pool where he was watching some wealthy American children
swimming.  I took his hand and led him to our room, not speaking
a word.

     I sat him down in the sitting room and poured a glass of icy
Chardonay for both of us.  I sat down next to him and put the
glasses on the table.  I took his hands and looked him in the
eyes.  "Jason, I've never brought anyone here before.  I've never
had such a significant relationship with anyone before.  This
place, you in this place, us in this place makes me happier than
I have ever been.  I love you!"

     The tears running down my cheeks prompted his, and soon we
were locked in each others' arms crying softly and caressing each
other lightly.  We broke apart and I made a toast.  "To you, my
wonderful, beautiful, loving man.  And to us, that we may never
be apart-- ever."

     "Here, here," he choked out, and started crying all over
again.

     We set our wine glasses down and stood up, dropping clothes
as we did.  We ran to the bed, threw back the covers, and dove
in.  The mattress was soft, the sheets were clean and cool, and
we rolled all over the bed locking in the most passionate kiss of
our lives.  We kissed and hugged for some time, relishing in the
feeling of our naked bodies pressed together.  I moved him to
where he was laying on his stomach, and I pushed a pillow under
his stomach, raising his ass slightly in the air.  "Now I am in
charge here, Jason.  Let me do what I want, OK?"

     "OK," he said, rather sultrily.

     It was all happening very slowly, very sensually, even
though the lights were on and no music was playing.  I felt more
excited for that reason.  Here in the bright room, a new
excitement, a new discovery, was to be had.

     I put my hands on his body, feeling the soft smooth skin and
nearly going crazy from lust.  I put my tongue on his leg.  On
his balls.  On his inner thigh.  Higher, higher higher.  I spread
his asscheeks open wide, and started slowly and carefully
bringing him pleasure.

     I kissed the inside of Jason's knee and let my mouth work up
the beautiful boy's hairy thigh.  I came to the ass and kissed
both cheeks gently, nibbling a bit, biting a bit.  Then I started
the final phase of pleasure that I knew would drive him wild.

     I licked his balls which were against the mattress between
his legs.  Then I sucked them in and released them.  I blew my
soft, warm breath over his asshole, rubbed my hair over it,
touched it with his fingers, played with it, massaged it.

     I looked at it.  It was soft, smooth, dark, and surrounded
with dark hair, the same beautiful silky smooth hair that flowed
freely from his head.  I put my hands on his buttocks.

     Jason was moaning, "Andrew, please Andrew, suck it, oh
please suck it...."

     And then I placed my lips at the opening of his anus and the
tongue he had been begging for finally touched the spot and the
sensation was too incredible for me to realize.

     I put my tongue in.

     Out.

     In.

     Out.  The rhythm slowly increased.

     I suck and blew, all the while rubbing my lips against the
buttocks.  My tongue now began a rapid licking and lapping until
Jason seemed to be going out of his mind.

     I lay back on my back and had him stand over me, positioning
him over my head.  He bent until his balls touched my nose and
his ass was fitted against my lips.

     "Andrew, I can't stand it," Jason said as he moved his butt
over my tongue.  "I'm going to come!"

     "Go ahead," I said, jacking on my own cock as well, "only
don't catch it, let it run down, let it fall."

     Jason brought his ass down hard and I shoved my tongue in it
as far as it could go.  At the same time, Jason grabbed his cock
and began working it up and down frantically.  Our breathing
became labored, and that was the only sound to be heard other
than the sucking I was making and his light moans.

     After a few strokes, he came; it shot out of his cock and
his hand stopped it from flying all over the bed.  Then it
dripped down, over his balls, and fell onto my forehead, and onto
my hair.  He fell to the side and watched my cock erupt all over
my stomach, chest and face, and then crawled all over me, licking
it off.

     "Wow!  That was unreal," Jason said, still panting.

     "I know, baby.  I know." I said, smiling.

     We talked for a while, showered, and then slept, wrapped in
each other.

     The rest of our stay went much the same way.  The sex was
minimal, but exquisite.  We ate our way through the town, and
became literally the talk of the town everywhere we went.  Heads
turned and people seemed to kill themselves to make us welcome
and happy.  When we said goodbye to the Manager of Las Mananitas,
he told us to come back soon, and we vowed to do exactly that.



                        Part XXIII

     We returned from Mexico much as we had left, but with one
major difference.  We were in love; true love.  Never in a
million years had I thought that I would find a man who made me
so incredibly happy all of the time, but Jason had edged his way
into my life quite suddenly and filled those shoes completely.

     I decided that this was the opportune time to take him home
to meet the folks.  We sat up for several late nights discussing
this as Jason was quite contrary to the idea at first.  He knew
that I had not officially come out to my parents, and he had
listened to me talk about the for long enough to know that they
were not exactly going to love the idea easily.  But the
incredible support we gave each other won out, and we made the
decision to head to Atlanta the following weekend.

     With the discussions over, I called home and asked if we
could come and visit.  While my mother seemed reticent to
entertain a friend of mine, she agreed as long as we would only
mess up one bedroom.  Naturally, that was not a problem, if only
she knew.  Jason and I laughed hard and long about it.

     Friday afternoon never wanted to come.  The week dragged
into infinity until my last class Friday finally let out.  Jason
and I met in my room and shared a few deep intimite moments
before packing the car and heading out.

     On the way to Atlanta, I gave him the standard briefing I
give all my friends that I take home to meet my parents.  "Here's
some things you need to know, Jason.  Just so you won't be
surprised.  My parents are mega millionaires, and act like it.
The house was recently appraised at $32 million, we have
servants, and there are a lot of things you can't do in their
house.  You can't smoke, you can't curse, you can't sit on any
furniture that has ropes on it, you can't walk on any of the
rugs, and you can't wander around the house unattended.  These
are the cardinal sins of the Whitaker Estate."

     Jason sat and listened to all I had to say and smirked as I
continued the "can't" list for some time.  He seemed amused
rather than worried (like most of my friends receiving this
briefing) and that affirmed my realization that this was the man
for me.

     We arrived at home, passed by the security guard, and parked
the car.  Jason and I primped for a moment and went to the front
door.  After ringing the bell, the Butler led us inside to the
room my mother calls "The Great Room," a room that is so
incredibly huge you can't help but be intimidated.  I watched in
amusement as Jason glanced around the room, drinking in all the
incredibly expensive things carefully and artfully perched here
and there.  Jason is a book fanatic and the wall to wall, ceiling
to floor bookshelves that covered two of the walls, complete with
the rolling ladder on the brass rail amazed him.

     I motioned to him the furniture with the ropes, and pushed
him into a chair that was safe to sit in.  We waited for several
minutes for my parents to make their entrance, during which the
Maid took our drink orders and brought us each a glass of
Chardonay.

     Finally, (and you could almost hear the trumpet flourish in
the background), my parents made their grand entrance.  My mother
and I hugged briefly, I shook my father's hand, and then I
introduced Jason.  "Mom and Dad, may I present Jason Lastname
[:)], a fellow Resident Assistant and good friend?"

     Mom and Dad ordered wine and the four of us sat down for the
traditional grilling.  Mom and Dad asked the basics first, like
where are you from, what do your parents do for a living, what
religion are you, etc.  Naturally, I had coached him a little,
and he gave all the right answers without straying from the
truth.  See, there's a way to talk to my parents that works, and
a way that doesn't work.  You get the idea.

     After an interesting discussion during which Jason and I
compared our experiences as Resident Assistants in different
kinds of dorms, we went in to dinner.  We were joined there by my
brother and sister.  Dinner progressed as any fine dining
experience might, with servants passing in and out refilling
glasses and plates, and the usual marvelously sintilating
conversation passing back and forth across the table.  Jason had
the opportunity to speak more with my mother and father, and I
could tell that my sister found him unbelievably cute as she
began kicking me under the table.

     Sis of course knew about my sexual orientation, and her
playful kicks were to say, if nothing else, that she approved and
that she was quite jealous.  I kicked her back to indicate that I
understood.

     Finally, dessert had been cleared and coffee and brandy were
being served in the Salon.  (I've always thought I had to get a
haircut in that room!)  This is the time where most serious
discussions in our house occured, and after some incredibly dull
banter, I cleared my throat loudly, indicating that I had
something to say.  Jason was sitting next to my sister on a small
sofa and I went to him.  My sister with her incredible intuitive
sense, got up and moved to another seat.  I sat down next to
Jason and patted his knee.  I noticed that he was shaking and I
looked at him and smiled.  His expression told me that all was
OK, and I began to speak.

     "This is a rather big piece of news that I am about to give
you all, and I am glad that you are all here together so I only
have to go through this once," I began.  In a clear, firm, and
steady voice I continued.  "I have thought about what I am about
to say for several long years, I've thought about how to say it,
when to say it, who to say it to, and what to say.  After a lot
of thought and some recent events in my life, I find this the
most opportune moment to share this news with you."

     I paused to let this sink in, and then continued.  "I've
known what I am about to tell you for a long long time.  You've
probably known it too, but were, for whatever reason, unwilling
to believe it.  I know only too well how conservative the
thinking is in this family, but I want you to open your minds as
much as you can before I tell you this."  I stopped again and
looked around at everyone in the room, ending by gazing quickly
at Jason.

     "This is the short and long of it: I am gay." I stated.

     They all looked uncomfortable for a few seconds, then
regained their composure.  The look on my father's face told me
that more explanation was warranted.

     "I have known this since I can remember, and acted on it for
the first time in eighth grade.  Since then, in every phase of my
life except here at home, I have been open and positive about my
orientation.  Before any of you speak, I want you to know that
this will never change how I feel about any of you, and I hope,
in time, you will come to think the same way.  I realize this is
a shock to you, but I know that you are all intelligent enough to
think about this before you go flying off the handle.  Finally,
and this is the end of my statement, I want you all to know that
Jason is actually a lot more than a friend to me."  I took
Jason's trembling hand in mine and squeezed it hard.  "Jason and
I are in love, the kind of love most people search all their
lives for, the kind of love that knows no bounds, the kind of
love that lasts forever.  End of statement."

     There was a long uncomfortable silence in the room, everyone
taking all this in, no one willing to open up and talk.  Finally,
as I knew it would happen, my mother got up, crossed the room,
stood in front of me and motioned for me to stand up.  We hugged
ferociously for several long seconds.  She released me and moved
in front of Jason and repeated the same motions, this time with
tears in her eyes.  She took each of our hands and said, "Andrew,
I am your mother.  I have known this for many years, and your
father and I have discussed this many times.  Though we do not
condone homosexuality in general as it is just not the norm in
our world, we love you more than anything in the world, and want
you to be happy.  If loving this wonderful man you have brought
into our home this evening is what that means, we stand behind
you one hundred percent."

     My father is a man of few words, and he stepped totally out
of character as he stood and began to speak.  "I've known for
most of your life that you were different, Andrew.  I tried to
interest you in sports, and that failed.  I made you be a Boy
Scout, and you hated it.  I made you go into the Army, and you
hated it, although I must admit you surprised all of us in your
many successes while on active duty.  In all of these endeavors,
I tried to force you to become something I didn't think you were
capable of doing: becoming a man.  I have seen, though, in the
last several years while you were in school and leading your
dorm, that you have become much more of a man than I ever thought
you would be.  And I can honestly say, no matter what sexual
orientation you are, that I am proud to call you my son, and
honored to call you a man."

     With that, he walked over and hugged me lighly and touched
Jason's head as he returned to his seat.

     The evening passed quickly with me explaining the homosexual
lifestyle to my parents, and with both Jason and myself detailing
our plans for our life together.  Many hours and several bottles
of champagne later, Jason and I headed off to bed, happy,
relieved, and at peace.

     We undressed in silence and took care of the bathroom
things.  We met back in the middle of the room in tshirts and
shorts and hugged for a long moment, ending the hug in one of the
most intense kisses of either of our lives.  As our tongues
sought and found each other in the warm confines of our joined
mouths, a knock sounded at the door.  I called out, "Come in!"
while still wrapped in Jason's arms, and my mother came in with a
smile.

     "I must admit, I've never seen two better looking young men
in my life!  You do look good together."  She reached into her
pocket and pulled something out, placing it in my hand.  I looked
down to find two condoms.  I looked up at her questioningly, and
she said, "You may needs these, and I want you to use them, got
it?" she said, smiling.

               "Got it," I said, kissing her on the cheek.  She left us and
we giggled hysterically for several wonderful moments, ending in
another wonderful kiss.

     Much later, when the condoms were used and gone, we curled
up together in the big poster bed and slept soundly.



                               THE END
