Path: bbsnet!uupsi!psinntp!news.intercon.com!howland.reston.ans.net!vixen.cso.uiuc.edu!cs.uiuc.edu!news1.oakland.edu!vela.acs.oakland.edu!cmodzins
From: cmodzins@vela.acs.oakland.edu (C. W. Modzinski)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: REPOST: Somno-Dorm Sex
Message-ID: <cmodzins.758399034@vela.acs.oakland.edu>
Date: 12 Jan 94 18:23:54 GMT
Organization: Oakland University, Rochester, Michigan, U.S.A.
Lines: 319
NNTP-Posting-Host: vela.acs.oakland.edu


  It was another Friday night in the dorm and, as usual, Christopher
(Chris) Lancaster was quite alone in his room.  He lived on the fifth
floor of West Edenburn Hall and was paying a substanially larger amount
than most for a private room.  No one could understand why Chris needed
a private room.  He never dated, rarely went out and spent a lot of time
on the computer or writing in his journal.  But unknown to all, when too
much sperm built up in Chris' testes, he reached out and...

  Jenny Robertson was in bed, asleep, in her fourth floor room of West
Edenburn Hall.  Her boyfriend, a campus stud named Jason, had had GREAT
sex with her that evening, and they both lay nude in bed.  She was
wealthy and often frequented tanning parlors and beauty salons.  Her
firm thighs, tight ass and large chest were unmarred by tan lines and
made her the fantasy of mosst of the men on campus.  It was 12:42AM.
  
  Jenny rolled onto her back.  She kept still for a few moments as a
smile crossed her face.  Her eyes remained closed.  She slowly sat up,
and the covers fell to her waist, revealing her lovely D-cups.  She
mumbled in her sleep,

  "Good-bye, Jason.  I must fuck my master."

  Jenny pushed off the covers , while bringing her feet to the floor.
Her movements were slow and careful, so Jason would not awaken.  She
stood up.  Her arms dangled at her sides.  Her head was level and
straight.  Her facial expression began changing, her smiling mouth
altering to a slightly open, dazed look while closed eyes slowly opened,
revealing that they had assumed a slightly rolled-up opsition, so
white was visible at the bottom.

  Stepping over her unneeded clothes, Jenny proceeded nude to the door.
She almost hit it with her tits.  Her right hand reached out , to the
doorknob's lock.  She felt and found it to be locked.  She unlocked it,
the deadbolt and the chain.  She did not look at what she was doing,
relying on touch alone.  The room was quite warm, but in spite of this,
as she began to open the door, her nipples hardened.  Her slit was also
moistening.

  After turning the knob, Jenny opened the door.  She proceeded one step
out of the room, reached behind her and closed the door.  She worked
slowly and carefully, for her somnabulistic movements could still awaken
Jason.

  The elevator was not far and Jenny moved towards it.  Her ass did not
wiggle like when she normally walked.  This was a sleep-walk to a
sleep-fuck and her movements involved only her legs.  She contiued to
the elevator, stopping in front of another girl.

  Karen Rosetti had the biggest set of tits on the floor.  This is what
most first noticed about her.  However, her assets were far more varied
than a firm set of 38DD's.  She had a nice body and was pretty, thought
not gorgeous, like Jenny.  For this evening's attire, she wore a white,
cotton short-sleeve blouse and skimpy panties.  The blouse had but a
single button fastened (the one just below her luscious mounds).

  Jenny reached up to Karen's shoulders.  Her left hand went down and
around Karen.  Her right hand went under Karen's blouse and cupped
Karen's tit.  The two closed their eyes and shared a light lip-kiss.
Jenny started down Karen's body, kissing.  Her goal was Karen's tit.
Her hands reached out to unbutton Karen's blouse.  She did so, and her
right hand opened the blouse wide, so Karen's shoulder no longer
supported it.  The left only opened the blouse enough so Karen's other
tit would keep it open.

  Jenny's mouth reached Karen's nipple.  She sucked and drank the milk
within.  Jenny's own tits were also swelling as they too filled with
milk, the result of their mutual master's power over their slumbering
bodies.  Karen opened her eyes, looked down, pushed her unoccupied
nipple to her mouth.  She sucked her own tit, swallowing her lactation.

  Suddenly, the elevator bell rang and both girls stopped their
somno-lesbianism.  They reassumed their positions with one exception;
Karen's blouse continued to be held open by her breasts.  Her right
shoulder was the only reason it was still on.  The elevator opened and
both girls turned to face it at the same time.

  Nicole Woods stood next to the controls.  A pair of cut-offs were her
only attire and even these were on precariously, for they were unsnapped
and half unzipped, the result of her pre-sleep masturbation.  This was
also the reason she was topless.  Her C-cups had already swelled to D's,
the result of her tits filling with milk.

  Jenny and Karen walked into the elevator.  As soon as they were in,
they turned to face the door.  Nicole leaned into the controls and her
tit pushed the '5' button.  She leaned back to the rest position,
identical to the other girls' poses.  The doors closed and the elevator
went up.

  One floor later, the door opened.  Jenny, Karen and Nicole proceeded
out in a line.  They walked down the hall to Room 520.  Their walks were
identical, though not in step.  It was not long before they reached the
room door.  Jenny turned to face the door.  Karen walked slightly into
Jenny, pushing her tit into Jenny's arm.  Nicole pressed her knockers
into Karen's back.  Where the breasts pressed, milk dribbled.

  It took Jenny a few moments to open the door.  She walked into the
room, and Karen & Nicole followed.  The two moved to the bed.  Karen
stood in the corner by the headboard, the part against the wall.  Nicole
stood by the kitty-corner from Karen.  Jenny continued to hold the door
open.

  The door to the stairs was right across the hall from Chris' room and
it opened to reveal two women.  They were a pair of lesbians from the
sixth floor, Rose and Teresa.

  Rose was in a grey "Property Of..." t-shirt, cut just below her
newly-lactating C-cups.  Her roomie, Teresa, was clad only in panties.
Her body was just as young and thin as Rose's and had undergone the same
tit-growth.

  The two walked to the head of the bed, across from Karen and next to
Nicole.  Jenny slowly shut the door and took her place at the other foot
of the bed, across from Nicole.  Karen spoke in the same kind of mumbled
voice Jenny had exhibited in her room,

  "Our master is clad.  We must disrobe him."

  At this point, all the girls' eyes closed yet their faces continued to
display the same relaxed trance state.  Jenny and Nicole slowly pulled
down the covers.  Rose walked around the bed to Karen.  Karen removed
her panties.  When Rose got to the other side, she and Teresa raised the
man in the bed's body to a sitting position.  Karen sat directly behind
him, her legs behind his, wide open, and began to remove his top.  Jenny
and Nicole, having finished with the covers, began to remove his
bottoms.

  As Chris awoke, he quickly noticed his dream was coming true again.
He looked at Jenny, the physical therapist and Nocole, from his German
class, disrobing him.  He glanced about and saw Rose and Teresa, the two
dykes, here.  And behind him, YES!  It was Karen!  All right, cool!
Excellent, excellent.  Hmm, he thought, my power even swelled Teresa to
a C-cup.  This is a new record, he continued, FIVE at a time.  For Chris
was a somniomancer, and his power over the sleeping women's bodies had
just begun.

  Chris thought of the oath and the execution thereof.  Each girl took her
right hand and put her middle finger up her wet snatch.  They spoke the
oath.

  "Upon my pussy, I swear to willingly serve my master tonight.  to suck and
fuck, to kiss and lick, to hear and obey all commands my master gives. I'm
ready, willing and able."

  Nicole's shorts could not take the strain.  They slid off and she too was
nude.  She and Jenny climbed on the bed and lied on both sides of Chris' now
bare legs.  Jenny reached up and began to fondle Chris' cock while Nicole
massaged his scrotum (and balls contained within).

  Karen moved back about six inches and began to lean back.  Chris leaned
back too and as expected, his head now rested on her huge chest.  She
manuevered a nipple into his mouth.

  Rose walked over to Karen and put her left foot on the bed and her pussy
in Karen's face.  Karen began to tongue Rose's wet cunt.

  Teresa had knelt by the bed and was sucking Karen's other tit while gently
running her hands over Chris' chest.

  Rose then reached over and slid off Karen's shirt.  Now three of then were
nude.  Karen took no notice, for clothes meant nothing to her in her sleep.
She continued to tongue Rose.

  Chris was quite hard by now and Jenny climbed up to mount him.  Nicole
stopped playing with Chris' balls and got off the bed.  She and Jenny shared
a deep kiss.  She reached out to Jenny's left hand and put it in her cunt.
Jenny responded by fingering her.  Nicole proceeded down to Jenny's left tit,
which she suckled.

  Teresa kissed up Karen's body and the two shared a long kiss.  She
straightened up and presented a firm C-cup to Karen's waiting mouth.
Karen's then drank of Teresa's tit-juice.

  Rose leaned over Karen and Chris and kissed Teresa in the French way.
Their tits collided and Rose squirted in her shirt.  Rose then removed the
wet T-shirt, bringing the nude female count to four.  She leaned over again
to Teresa and repeated her action.  Her tit squirted on Teresa's tit.
Teresa returned the milky favor.  Rose brought her left hand to Teresa's
ass.  She slid under the skimpy panties and stuck her index finger into
Teresa's anus.  Teresa responded by removing the inconvenient panties.  Now
all the girls were nude.

  Karen turned from Rose to Teresa and continued to suck tit.  Rose's right
hand slid into her pussy as she masturbated.

  Jenny was fucking slowly, because it was a sleep-fuck.  Chris' hips began
to move in response to Jenny's warm pussy.  He could feel the orgasm coming.

  Jenny dismounted and knelt on Chris' left side, next to his ass.  She
fingered herself with her left hand and used her right to bring her tit into
her mouth so she could suckle it.  Nicole got on the bed and took Chris'
cock in hand.  She aimed it towards her tits.

  POW!  POW!

  Chris came all over Nicole's D-cups.  When he had finished, Nicole sucked
the remaining cum out of his penis.  She moved to the head of the bed.

  Teresa, then Karen, Rose, Jenny and finally Nicole herself licked and ate
Chris' cum from Nicole's tits.  Nicole spoke,

  "Rotate."

  Rose and Teresa moved to both sides of the bed, near the middle.  They
stood at entranced attention.  Jenny took Karen's place as the
breast-pillows while Karen moved to the foot of the bed.  Nicole stationed
herself next to Jenny, so she could finish cleaning Nicole's tits.

  As Jenny methodically cleaned Nicole, Nicole reached down to Jenny's pussy
and began to finger her.

  Rose and Teresa laid on both sides of Chris, supporting themselves with an
elbow.  They both kissed and fondled Chris' upper body.

  Karen took Chris' ankles and pulled him down the bed.  She pulled until
his ass was near the bed's foot.  Rose and Teresa sat Chris up and stood
near him, continuing.  Karen knelt down and started giving Chris head.  The
two dykes, however, pushed their tits into Chris' head and face.

  Jenny had finished with Nicole and moved to behind Chris again.  Nicole
walked over to the 'frig and took out a can of whipped cream.  She took off
the cap and set the cold can between Jenny's thighs.  Of course, Jenny did
not awake.  As Nicole walked over to a large box, Jenny sprayed the cream on
Teresa's tit.  Teresa promptly pushed Rose's tit out of Chris' mouth with
her own tit.  Teresa's creamed tit then went in Chris' mouth.

  Karen had gotten Chris hard again and she stopped sucking.  Moving her
double D cups into position, she rubbed her tits on his cock.

  Nicole had opened the box and pulled out a strap-on dildo from a secret
compartment.  Chris was glad Rose had been wearing one the last time she
and Teresa had come over and he had had the good sense to keep it.  She
began to put it on.

  Jenny now repeated her spraying action with Rose and responded identically
to what Teresa had done.  Both dykes began to masturbate.

  Karen stoppped breast-fucking Chris and moved to mount him.  She lowered
herself onto his penis.

  Nicole, wearing the dildo, walked up to Jenny and slapped her across the
face HARD.  Jenny turned to Nicole and tweaked her tit.  Milk sprayed.
Nicole pulled Jenny off the bed and pushed her to the floor.  The whole
scene was played without emotion, of course, as Chris ordered it.  He was
jealous of Jason and angry at Jenny's rejection of him, and she would get
her just reward.

  Nicole straddled Jenny and began to fuck with the nine inch dildo.
Though the fuck had no zip, Chris was excited by this interaction of female
bodies.

  Rose and Teresa turned Chris so his head was in the far corner of the foot
of the bed.  Karen continued to fuck him during the slow moving, her big
endowments bouncing slightly.  As Chris reclined, Rose and Teresa knelt on
both sides of his head, their C-cups resting on his face.

  After, a few minutes, Karen dismounted and sat on the bed.  The two dykes
moved Chris to her, so he was kneeling in front of her.  They then laid next
to the couple and began to finger and feel each other.

  Nicole pulled out of Jenny and reached for the whipped cream.  She sprayed
it in Jenny's pussy and ate both the cream and the pussy.  The two then
reversed roles.  They then did the same with their firm D-cups.

  Chris was ready to cum and Karen was sucking and jerking him off.

  POW!  POW!

  It was now Karen's turn to take a tit shot.  She manuevered the cum well
so her breasts were evenly coated.  She then sucked his cock clean.

  Meanwhile, Rose and Teresa were shuddering with orgasms.  Chris did not
fear that they would awaken.  A month ago, a somno-slave of his named Dana
had given Karen eighteen swats on her bare ass and Karen had not even
flinched.

  Once all the girls had eaten Chris' cum again and Nicole had cleaned up
the leftovers on Karen's tits, Karen spoke,

  "It is time for our sleep-shower."

  All five girls moved to the bathroom with Chris following.  The shower was
small, so only two at a time could go in.  First, Rose and Teresa bathed.
Then, it was Karen and Nicole's turn.  Finally, he and Jenny did it.

  The two got in.  Karen and Nicole were still drying each other.  Rose and
Teresa were on the floor, embracing, but unmoving.  Chris had done this so
he could devote his full attention to the control of Jenny.

  The water came on and Jenny began to wet herself.  She paid special
attention to her breasts and slit.  Then it was Chris' turn.  With Karen and
Nicole dry and out of it now, he could really concentrate.  He wet himself
down, while Jenny readied the shampoo.  Jenny had pinned her hair up because
Chris thought that wet hair was unsexy.  He was finally ready and Jenny
(Ready Jenny?) lathered his hair.  Using the liquid soap, she covered his
entire body with sleep-sex precision.  She especially got his feet!  He then
returned the favor, using extra care on her breasts and pussy.  Then he
rinsed her with the spray and she him.  Watching the water-soap mixture
cascade down her body was a sight to see.

  Soon, the dry cycle.  This part was more fun then soaping.  There was
something about feeling a women's body through a towel.  YES!  YOU ARE
CORRECT, SIR!

  As 4:00AM approached, Chris knew his control would not last much longer.
Each girl dressed and left, giving him a good-night kiss on the way out.  He
guided each girl to her bed, and restored her sleep, smooth as clockwork.

  Well, Chris never got a willing piece from a girl.  What he took from the
unwilling lezzies of West Edenburn Hall was so much more fulfilling than
regular sex.  It was the path that led to the career of Lord Somno, whose
exploits with the starlets of Hollywood and others will soon be documented
by other biographers.
  
  NOTE:  A CHALLENGE!

  Well, how about it?  I know that there are people out there who would love
to chronicle Lord Somno's (or Chris') exploits.  Please email or post your
submissions.  I think we can do it.  Thank you!
