                The College Dormitory Shower

It was 6 A.M. when Ann hit the showers.  She had an 8 o'clock class
what was it?  Anthropology?  God, why did she sign up for that
subject?  Oh well, she needed an easy elective.  How else was she going
to maintain her busy social schedule?

As the hot water beat softly against her young and supple skin, the fog
started to clear from her head and she remembered that she wasn't in her
private shower back home.  She lives in a college dormitory now and the
showers were all open to each other.  "Why don't they provide a little
privacy around here?"  Oh well, Ann secretly enjoyed the lack of
privacy.  Sometimes she found herself wondering, with a certain sense of
excitement, just who would be joining her in the shower each morning.
She would cast her eyes shyly to the floor and become very quiet as she
struggled to find an excuse to look at her bathing partner.  Just how
long do normal women look at each other in the buff?  Would anyone
suspect anything if her eyes stopped momentarily to appreciate certain
portions of female anatomy?
 
Ann often worried herself.  After all, she only dated men.  She had
never been to bed with another woman.  She thought of herself as quite
heterosexual.  And yet?------ Oh God, what was she going to do with
these feelings?
 
Ann's troubling thoughts were interrupted by the sound of another shower
being turned on.  Startled, she glanced across the tiled floor to the
shower stall opposite her.  It was little Mary.  Actually, little Mary
wasn't so little.  She was only about 5 feet 1 inches tall but she had
round firm breasts the size of cantaloupes.
 
Ann and Mary said good morning to each other politely and then looked
away.  Ann reached for her soap and worked up a lather.  Her hands went
to her own breasts which were quite large also.  She felt aroused, her
nipples were erect.  She started to feel embarrassed.  She pulled her
hands away from these sensitive organs and began to wash her back and
arms.  She dared to sneak another quick look at Mary.  Mary was bent
over reaching for her bottle of shampoo on the shower floor.  Her back
was turned towards Ann and the view left nothing to the imagination.
Little Mary was wide open.  Ann's soapy hands darted back and forth over
her own swollen genitals.
 
Ann's embarrassment was beginning to turn to guilt.  She wondered what
Mary would think of her if she knew how sexually aroused the sight of
her nakedness had made her.  Oh, how she longed to touch her just once,
to press her lips against her's-----hard!  To wrap her hands around
Mary's gorgeous tits and suck each nipple into her mouth.  Would Mary
become wet?  Would she want more?  Or would she tell everyone that Ann
was a freak and that they should keep their doors locked?  Ann became
very frightened by such thoughts.  For a moment she would lose her
sexual desire and retreat into a secret corner of her mind.  Mary
abruptly ended such an escape with "Do you have any conditioner?"  She
was all cheery and wide eyed, standing directly in front of Ann. Her
breasts heaved with a little girlish sigh.
 
Ann stumbled for words as she handed Mary the bottle of conditioner.
"Sure---uh---here you are---uh--."  Mary said thanks in the same cheery
fashion, gently tweaked Ann's left nipple, turned and went back to her
own shower stall.  Ann was totally stunned.  "Why had Mary touched her
nipple?"  "What did she mean by it?"  "Was she just joking around or
does Mary entertain some of the same sexual fantasies I do?"  Now Ann
was determined to find out if Mary was as sexually aroused as she was.
To hell with what others might find out or think of her.  She wanted
Mary in the worst way and if there was any chance...  Well, the risk is
worth it.
 
Ann walked deliberately towards Mary.  As Ann approached, Mary turned
and smiled.  "Need your conditioner back," she said?  Ann hesitantly
took the bottle from Mary's hand and as she did her eyes fell upon
Mary's breasts.  They were so round and firm and they stood there at
attention as if asking to be admired.  Ann's free hand reached for
Mary's right breast.  She gently cupped it and began tracing circles
around it with her fingers.  Mary stiffened a little at first but
offered no resistance to Ann's advance.  As she continued to massage
Mary's breast with her left hand, Ann dropped the bottle of conditioner.
She brought her right hand to Mary's breast and now squeezed and fondled
these breasts she had admired for so long with both hands.  The touch of
Mary's skin was ten times more delicious than she had imagined it would
be.  Ann was becoming very aroused and she could feel her clitoris
beginning to throb with anticipation.  Vaginal secretions were beginning
to flow in abundance and she could feel them trickling down the inside
of her left thigh.  Ann let out a deep but barely audible moan as she
gloried in the excitement of the moment.  "How is little Mary's pussy
doing," she thought as she reached with her right hand to caress the
little dark patch of hair that covered it.  Gently she pulled at the
curls and then slowly slid her middle finger into Mary's wet vagina.
She traced the inner and outer lips with her exploring finger, they were
slippery with Mary's excitement.  Ann found her clitoris and began to
massage it gently.  The excitement Ann felt was overwhelming.  Mary
struggled to quiet her screams of delight by burying her face in the
crook of Ann's neck and shoulder.  Ann continued to finger Mary's now
swollen clit.  Periodically Ann would bring lubrication from Mary's
vagina to her clit by inserting her finger a few inches.  Mary's knees
were beginning to get weak and she was holding on to Ann very tightly so
she wouldn't fall.  The water from the shower was drenching both of them
and it was making things very slippery.  Ann decided she had better lie
Mary down before they both fell and hurt themselves.  As Ann help Mary
to the floor she came face to face with Mary's beautiful snatch.  She
ventured a taste, allowing her tongue to flick lightly over Mary's moist
lips.  Ann marvelled at the sweet taste of Mary's delicious sex.  She
went wild.  She began to suck and lick and mouth every part of Mary's
womanhood.  Her tongue finally came to rest on Mary's throbbing clit.
As Ann slowly and methodically licked her love button, Mary was writhing
on the floor of the shower in a state of shear ecstasy.  Ann reached up
to grasp both of Mary's nipples while she continued to feast on her now
very juicy pussy and as she gently pinched them between her thumb and
forefinger, Mary came.  Mary's supple body convulsed with waves of
pleasure and she let out a quiet scream.  Then her body went completely
limp and she moaned softly.  Ann felt very pleased with herself as she
looked at the gentle contented smile on Mary's face.
 
Ann glanced at the wall clock as she helped Mary to her feet.  It was
now 6:45 A.M. Ann thought, "lucky no one walked in and discovered our
morning interlude."  They began to gather their things to get out of
there before someone did walk in on them.  As they started to leave the
room, Mary grabbed Ann's arm gently and said, "why don't you come down
to my room for a few minutes?"  Ann obliged.
 
Mary's roommate had already left for class when they arrived.  As they
entered the room Mary closed the door and locked it.  "You won't mind
being a little late for class this morning will you," Mary asked coyly?
Ann smiled, "no, I won't mind at all," she replied.  Mary undid the knot
in Ann's towel and it fell to the floor.  She knelt down and spread
Ann's pussy lips, exposing her clit.  Ann's eyes closed with a flutter
and she braced herself against the door behind her.  Her pussy was
already wet but as Mary began to lick gently on her swollen clit the
love juices began to flow like a river down the inside of both thighs.
The walls of her vagina were contracting so hard that her stomach was
heaving in and out in an obvious fashion.  Mary's tongue was flicking
and caressing her clit and she could feel a finger thrusting deep into
her vagina.  She felt as if she were going to explode.  And she did, all
over Mary.  Her pussy juices gushed out as her entire body shuddered in
ecstasy.  Mary didn't mind the unexpected shower, she just patted
herself dry with Ann's towel and let out a little giggle.  Ann slowly
slumped to her knees, lost in her own world of orgasmic bliss.
--