Archive-name: Changes/doug-cin.txt
Archive-author: Karen Shane
Archive-title: Doug and Cindy


     Hesitantly  Doug entered the shop.    He was nervous and was
sure everyone  was  watching him.   But,  as he looked around  he
saw nobody paying any attention to him so he stepped farther into
the  little boutique.   It was a specialty shop and Doug was sure
he could get what he needed here.   It had taken him a long  time
to  work  up the courage to get this far and he wasn't  going  to
back down now.
     "Can I help you?" said the pretty young sales clerk.
     "Uh, well, I'd like to look around first," Doug responded.
     "O.K.,  just  call if you need any help,  I'll be right over
here if you need anything."  And the clerk turned and left him to
wander around the store by himself.
     Dougs  heart was pounding as he drifted among the  isles  of
clothing.  He had always wanted to check out this tall girls shop
but he had been too afraid in the past.  Now he was determined to
go through with it,  and he had the hardest part over.  He was in
the  store now and nothing would stop him from completing what he
had set out to do today.
     Towards  the back of the store Doug found what he  had  been
looking for,  the lingerie section.  He quickly selected a Platex
Thank-Goodness-It-Fits  brassire in size 38 nearly B.   He looked
at the package and made sure it was the right bra.   It was,  and
it was in the color he wanted,  black,  so he turned to the  next
isle.
     He  found  the Platex panty girdles and picked out  a  thigh
high  style  and made sure it was size 7.   With both  foundation
boxes under his arm he looked around a little more and found some
pretty  lace trimmed garter belts.   He picked one out  with  red
satin trim and added that to the growing collection of packages.
     Next  he journyed deeper into the store and began  examining
the  rack  containing  slips.   He  selected a black lace trimmed
nylon  tricot slip in size 38 tall.   After assuring himself that
it  would fit properly he picked out a pair of sandlewood  nylons
stockings and headed for the sales counter.
     "Did  you find everything you wanted?" Inquired  the  pretty
young girl.
     Doug  stammered  for a second,  cleared his throat and  then
said,  "Uh,  I  think  so.   Perhaps you could recommend  a  nice
inexpensive outfit to complete this ensemble."
     The  clerk  looked up from the sales tickets  she  had  been
checking  and  examined the items he had placed on  the  counter.
"Well,  let's see now.   Pretty underthings here deserve a pretty
dress.   Did  you want a skirt and blouse,  or is a dress more in
line with what you had in mind?" she inquired.
     "I really hadn't thought about that," Doug  returned,  "What
do you suggest?"
     The  clerk  was  making her way through the isles  and  Doug
followed  close behind.   He had left the other articles  on  the
counter and was startled when the girl turned and held a dress up
next  to him and said,  "This would look pretty with what  you've
already picked out."
     Doug turned red as she held the dress against his body.   He
wanted  to protest,  but could not find the courage to deny  what
the  clerk had infered.   The clerk noticed his embarassment  and
tried to ease it somewhat,  "Don't worry.   We get lots of men in
here  who like the items we sell.   If it does'nt bother me,  why
let it bother you."
     He  thought about it for a minute and felt a  little  better
with  her confiding in him in such a frank manner.   "Well,  it's
just that I never, well..., I mean I never...,"he stammered.
     "Don't  worry  about  it.    If  you'd  like,  you  can  try
everything  on in back.   We have a special room and no one  will
disturb you."
     Doug  couldn't believe what he was hearing.   "Uh,  are  you
sure?"
     She  drapped  the dress over her arm  and  said,  "Come  on,
follow  me."  Then she turned and headed back to the counter  and
picked  up  the  other packages he  had  selected  earlier.   She
continued  on  to a curtain hanging at the back of the store  and
held it open for him.
     Doug stepped through and then the clerk entered and  pointed
towards another door.   "Right in there, no one will disturb you.
If you need any help,  just press the little buzzer and I'll come
back and help however I can."  With that she handed him the dress
and  other  articles,  turned  and left Doug  standing  there  by
himself.
     Hesitantly,  he  thought  about it and then hurried  to  the
door.   As  he pulled the door open he was somewhat surprised  to
find  such a large dressing room.   Inside he found that he could
bolt  the  door and he quickly did so.   He crossed over  to  the
dressing table and laid the items down.
     Doug  looked around the room and found that in  addition  to
the dressing table, there was a stand with half a dozen different
wigs and another dressing table with all kinds of make up on it.
     He quickly  removed  his  clothing  and  hung  them  from  a
hook  next  to the table.   Standing  there  naked  he  began  to
shake as he  removed  the  lycra panty  girdle from its box.   He
had  selected the  thigh high  type to  help  hide  his  maleness
and quickly pulled the  garment  from  the  box.    Nervously  he
put one  foot  into  the  panty  and  then  rapidly  slipped  the
panty  over  his  other  foot.   Before pulling the garment up he
pulled  his  testicles  back  between  his  legs  and pressed his
thighs together to hold them there.
     He  then  pulled  the panties up and adjusted  them  to  the
contours  of  his body.   Next he removed the brassire  from  its
carton and noticed his hands were shaking badly.  He had a little
difficulty fastening the clasps because of shakiness, but managed
to get them hooked properly.
     He removed the slip from its hanger, pulled off the tags and
then slid it over his head.  The feeling of constriction from the
bra and panty girdle gave him a sense of pleasure.   The coolness
of  silk against his body from the slip sent shudders of  delight
throughout him.
     Before  trying on the dress he admired his own reflection in
the  mirror  and marveled at how well he could mimic  the  female
form.   He was delighted with what he saw and then picked up  the
dress from the table.  After unzipping it full length, he stepped
into  the  dress and then adjusted the shoulders and bust to  his
figure.
     With  difficulty  he managed to get the zipper all  the  way
back  up and was just admiring the fit when he heard a  knock  at
the  door.   He  recognize the clerks voice when  she  said,  "If
you're  ready,  I've picked out a couple of accessories that will
go very nicely with that outfit."
     Doug was scared!   He had'nt planned to try the things on in
the store.  And now here he was completely dressed in the clothes
he had been wanting so long and someone was at the door.   Slowly
he stepped over to the door and drew the bolt back.
     The  young  clerk briskly entered the room and  placed  some
jewelery  items on the table.   "My but that's a  pretty  outfit.
I'll bet you'd really like to wear those things out of here."
     Doug was too stuned.   "I don't think that's possible.   I'd
get into trouble for sure."
     "Well listen," she continued, "I'll be closing the shop in a
few minutes and you can come by my place.   Here, try a couple of
these  wigs on and I'll be back in a few minutes."  With that she
left Doug alone to ponder what had just happened.
     He  picked  up the necklace she had left on  the  table  and
fastened  it around his neck.   After slipping the braclet on his
wrist  he realized he had not tried on the nylons or garter  belt
yet so he  pulled up  his dress and slip and fastened the  flimsy
garment around his waist.
     Doug removed the nylons from the container and gathered  one
up in a ball and slowly fitted it to his leg.   After hooking the
garters  to  it  he began to put the other one on  and  was  just
fastening it when the clerk returned.   Since he had forgotten to
bolt  the  door after she had departed,  she walked in as he  was
fastening the other nylon.
     "Here," she said as she crossed the room to him "always hook
the  straps through your panties.   That way if you need to  take
your panties down, you don't have to undo everything."  With that
she  unhooked the garters and threaded the  straps through  Dougs
panty.   After she had it properly adjusted she reattached it  to
the nylon and saw that he was finishing the other nylon.
     He  quickly dropped the slip and smoothed the dress down  as
the  clerk  selected a pretty auborn wig and removed it from  its
stand.  "Let's try this one," she said as she motioned for him to
set down in the chair in front of the dressing table.
     Doug meakly obeyed and she expertly fitted the hair piece in
place.  After adjusting the wig, she stepped back and allowed him
to see the full effect in the mirror.   He could not believe what
his eyes saw.   The reflection in the mirror was beautiful!  Even
without  make up the red head returning his gaze from the  mirror
looked ravishing.
     As  the  clerk picked up a stick of foundation make  up  she
said, "My name's Cindy.  What's yours?"
     "Doug,"  he  responded  quietly as she began  smoothing  the
foundation  on  his  face and neck.   Quickly  and  expertly  she
blended  the make up in with her finger tips and then selected  a
light green eye shadow for his eyes.
     "Green  will go good with that wig," Cindy stated  as  she
brushed  the  light  powder on his eyelids.   "We don't  want  to
overdo  it  though.   Here,  see if you can apply  this  lipstick
properly,"  she said as she handed Doug a tube of rose petal  lip
gloss.
     Slowly  and carefully he traced the outline of his lips with
the  tube and then pressed his lips together.   When he  finished
Cindy  was  holding a small kleenex for him to  blot  his  lips
with.  "Thanks," he said as he took the kleenex and completed the
task.
     Cindy  picked up a brush and made minor adjustments to the
wig as she inquired, "Have you been doing this long?"
     Doug answered tentatively,  "Privately I've enjoyed dressing
as a woman for a couple of years now.  But this is the first time
I've  ever  had  the opportunity to share it  with  anyone  else.
That's why I came to this boutique.   I wanted to make sure I got
everything  in  the  right size.   I  must  admit,  I  was  quite
surprised with how well you put me at ease in here."
     "We  get lots of guys in here that are into womens  clothes,
but  you're the first one I've ever given special attention  to,"
she said.
     Cindy  finished with the brush and was satisfied with  the
look.   "One  last  thing,  we'd better get some shoes  for  you.
Follow  me  and we'll try a couple pair on."  She headed for  the
door and Doug followed after taking one last look in the mirror.
     Amazing he thought, absolutely amazing.  He followed her out
the  door and back to the store.   Cindy was standing near  the
shoe department and asked him what size shoe he wore.   Doug told
her the male size he normally bought and she went over to a  rack
and pulled a box down.   "Here, let's try these," she said as she
opened the box and removed a pair of woven straw sandels.
     Doug  sat  down and slipped the sandels on.   It took him  a
second  to figure out how the straps laced around his  ankel  and
then he buckled them and stood back up.  "Perfect," he said as he
admired them in the floor mirror.
     "Come on then, let's go.  I'll get your other things and put
them in a bag.   You can change back if you want to at my place."
With  that Cindy disappeared in the other room for a minute and
then  reappeared  with  a boutique plastic  bag  in  hand.   Doug
followed  her  as she headed for the door  and  waited  patiently
outside as she turned the key in the lock and dropped the keys in
her purse.
     "I'm  parked right around the corner.   Let's go across  the
street for a quick drink before we take off."
     "Gee,  I  don't know if I'm ready for all this.   Maybe we'd
better just get going," he said.

                             II

     Doug  woke from the dream covered with persperation and with
a tremendous hard on.   He was in his own bed and could sense his
wifes'  body next to him.   He thought about the dream and  could
recall every detail as if he had really lived the experience.  It
disturbed  him  that he had had the dream again.   This  was  the
third time this week alone and each time it was the same.
     If  only he could see how the dream ended  he  thought.   Or
better yet,  if he could really experience it.   Doug got up from
the  damp  bed  and quietly padded out to  the  kitchen.   As  he
prepared  the  coffee  pot  for the  morning  ritual,  he  lit  a
cigarette and pondered the dream again.
     The  aroma of caffine invaded his nostrils and Doug  snubbed
out  the  butt as he reached for a cup.   While pouring  the  hot
liquid  he heard Cindy stirring in the bedroom and knew she would
soon be joining him.
     "Have that dream again?" Cindy inquired as she joined him at
the kitchen bar.   She was the image of his perplexing  nocturnal
adventure  and  he  only nodded affirmatively as he  avoided  her
gaze.   "Come on honey,  talk about it.   It might help if we can
work it out together.  I love you dear."
     "I don't understand it Cindy," he started,  "Why am I having
this same reoccuring dream?  What does it all mean?"
     "Doug, I love you very much.  Maybe if we actually acted out
the dream,  it wouldn't bother you anymore."  Cindy peered deeply
into his eyes questioningly as Doug turned toward her.
     He considered her suggestion and then responded,  "I  really
don't  know.   We've been married for two years now and why  does
something  like  this  start  affecting  me  so  much?    I'm  no
homosexual  and  I've never had thoughts like this  before.   Why
now," he inquired.
     "Look,"  Cindy began,  "it's friday and we have the  weekend
ahead of us.  Let's make reservations at a motel in town and just
get away from here for awhile.   The change will be good for  us.
And,"  she lingered for a minute,  "perhaps we can explore this a
little farther."
     Doug  considered the idea and then stated,  "I'll call  from
work and make the arrangements.   Maybe you're right."  As he got
up  from  the bar and started for the bathroom to get  ready  for
work Cindy hugged him tightly and placed an affectionate kiss  on
his ear lobe.
     Doug  put  the  dream from his mind  and  quickly  showered.
Cindy  was busy in the bedroom when he left for work and the rest
of the day was quite normal for him.   During his lunch hour from
the  parts  department  he worked in,  he  called  and  made  the
reservations  at a Holiday Inn on the outskirts of town.   "Maybe
Cindys' right," he muttered to himself as he hung up the phone.
     Doug  arrived home shortly after five o'clock to find  Cindy
waiting  in the living room with three suitcases setting next  to
the door.  "What's this?" he inquired.
     "I  hope you didn't forget to make reservations.   These are
our  bags,  let's  go."   With that,  Cindy grabbed  one  of  the
traveling cases and headed out the door.
     Half an hour later the two were climbing the carpeted stairs
to  their room at the motel.   As Doug placed the luggage on  the
traveling  stand Cindy darted into the bathroom and  said,  "I'll
get  a  bath ready for you and then call room service for  a  few
drinks while you relax and unwind from the day."
     Doug  nodded and absent mindedly flipped on  the  television
set.  A few minutes later Cindy reappeared and informed him every
thing was ready.  Entering the bathroom, he noticed she had drawn
a  hot bubble bath for him and had placed his shaving gear on the
counter next to the sink.   After removing his clothes and easing
into  the  foamy liquid,  Doug heard her requesting a  bottle  of
champagne from room service.
     Cindy came into the bathroom and sat on the edge of the tub.
She let her hand slip into the warm water and slowly swim its way
towards  Dougs' naked thigh.   Just as she made contact with  his
groin  they  both  heard a knock at  the  door.   "Must  be  room
service,"   Cindy  said as she stood and scooped up the  clothing
Doug had dropped on the rack above the toilet.
     Cindy had pulled the bathroom door shut when she opened  the
door  to  the hallway to allow the bellhop to bring in  the  cart
with the champagne.   After thanking the bellhop she handed him a
twenty  dollar  bill and said,  "I'd really appreciate it if  you
could dispose of these items immediately."   With that she handed
the  bellhop the clothing she had brought from the bathroom  with
her.
     The  bellhop  smiled quickly as he tucked the  bill  in  his
pocket and took the articles she held in his direction.   He then
disappeared  as  she  closed the door behind him and  locked  the
door.
     Cindy  carried  the champage and two glasses back  into  the
bathroom and sat them on the floor next to the tub.   She removed
her  blouse  and skirt and tossed them out onto the  bed  as  she
lowered herself to edge of the tub again.
     Doug  admired her ample breast and the way they strained  at
the skimpy brassire she was wearing.  Cindy  filled  the  glasses
with  the  bubbely liquid and then handed one  to  Doug.   As  he
started  sipping  the drink,  Cindy picked up the razor from  the
counter  and  lowered  it  into the  tub.   Doug  looked  at  her
inquisitively  as she reached into the water with her other  hand
and grasped his ankle.
     "Enjoy every minute of this,  Doug.  I love you and want you
to  be  as happy as I can make you."  Cindy said  as  she  slowly
began  drawing the razor along his leg.   Doug started to protest
but  she  merely  handed  him  another  glass  of  champagne  and
continued with her task.
     Moments later she had finished one leg and was busy with the
other  while  Doug helped himself to  another  drink.   When  she
stopped to admire her handiwork, she noticed he had dozed off and
was sleeping with his arms folded behind his head.  Carefully and
ever  so  gently she began shaving his underarms and was able  to
complete the task without awakening him.   Satisfied that she had
done properly,  she left Doug nap a little longer while she  went
into  the  other  room and set about arranging the  rest  of  her
surprise for him.
     Doug  opened  his eyes and felt Cindy massaging  his  flacid
penis.   The  water  was  now tepid and most of the  bubbles  had
dissapated.   "Boy, I must have really been tired.  How long have
I been in here?" Doug asked.
     "Not long,  honey.   It's a little past eight.   We ought to
get dressed and go down to the lounge for something to eat.  Come
on and I'll help you."  Cindy stood and handed him a towel.  Doug
quickly dried off and then followed her out of the bathroom.
     Looking around the room,  Doug was unable to find any of his
clothing.   He picked up each suitcase and noticed they all  felt
empty.  "What'd you do with my things?" he inquired.
     "Everything  you wore in here is gone.   I've packed  enough
for us for the weekend."  With that,  Cindy handed Doug a pair of
pastel  lycra  spandex panties and watched the expression on  his
face.   Slowly  the look of terror was replaced with  a  peaceful
smile as he reached out and took the garment from her hand.
     Tentatively  Doug  placed  one foot in the  panty  and  then
quickly  stepped  into  them with the other foot.   As  he  began
pulling the slinky fabric up his body he felt a sense of  urgency
compelling him onward.
      After  adjusting the hiphuggers,  Doug looked at Cindy  and
noticed she was holding a matching brassire for him.   He put out
his  hands to accept the bra and Cindy threaded it over his hands
and  up his arms.   As he positioned the boned-underwire cups  to
his chest,  Cindy cinched the garment from behind and hooked  the
clasps.
     Doug  admired her selection.   The bra fit very comfortably.
It  was a deep plunge,  underwire affair with strech  straps  and
lace  trim everywhere.   Before he could inspect the garment  any
farther,  Cindy  was  wrapping a combination garter  belt,  waist
cincher around his midsection.
     It too,  he noticed, matched the pastel panties and bra.  On
each  of  the  elastic garter straps was  a  small  silky  ribbon
hanging from a little ribbon bow.  Cindy had finished hooking the
hooks and was trying to zip up the zipper.   "You'll have to hold
your tummy in as much as possible.   I got this a little tight in
order to give you a little better figure." She said.
     Doug had a hard time believing what was happening,  and,  he
had an equally hard time holding  his stomach in enough for Cindy
to get the girdle affair zipped up.   But somehow she managed and
then stepped around in front of him.
     She  started threading the garter straps through his panties
and Doug was quick to follow suit with the other leg.   After the
eight dangling straps were properly adjusted by Cindy, she handed
him  a  pair of smoke colored nylons and then went  over  to  the
dresser.
     Doug  was busy sliding the smooth silk up his freshly shaven
legs and didn't notice Cindy removing the wig from a hat box.  He
was enjoying the slick feeling the material produced against  his
bare  legs.   As  he donned the second nylon he  became  accutely
aware  of  the erection between his legs.   The feel  of slippery
legs, the underwire  bra  and  the  constriction of lycra spandex
panties were too much for him.
     "I  thought that might happen."  Cindy said as she  observed
Dougs prediciment,  "so I've got a little idea how to handle that
problem."
     Cindy  crossed the room to Doug and rolled his panties down.
She  then  stepped behind him and reached through  his  legs  and
grabbed  his testicles.   As she tugged them back she forced  his
rigid cock back and held it against the two smaller sacks.   Next
she  applied pieces of surgical tape to the head of his penis and
pressed  the ends to his crotch.   She put one more long piece of
tape  across the length of his hard on and pressed the end of  it
deep into his anus.
     "O.k.,  now  adjust your panties and I'll bet  that'll  take
care of it," she said.
     Doug  pulled the panties back up and smoothed them in place.
He  couldn't help but admire the appearance of a  feminine  pubic
mound and glanced at Cindy.  She was smiling at the effect of her
handiwork and said,  "Here, put this slip on and we'll see what a
little make up will do."  With that she handed him a dainty satin
slip of the same pastel color.
     Doug  quickly  slid the slip over his head and let  it  drop
down  his  body.   He liked the way the lace trim bodice  drapped
over  his bra,  and the way the cool,  soft fabric felt.   As  he
smoothed  the garment in place with his  hands  his  body  became
charged with a tingling sensation.
     Cindy had him set in a chair beside the dressing table while
she  sat  on  the edge of the bed and began by trimming  his  eye
brows with a small pair of tweezers.   After she had thinned them
considerably  she picked up a styling pencil and  lightly  filled
out a soft, feminine arch.
     After completing the eyebrows, Cindy dabbed small amounts of
light  aqua  colored powder to the tops of his eyelids  and  then
blended  it  with a cotton swab.   Next she applied a Cover  Girl
foundation  to his cheeks,  forehead,  chin and neck.   She  also
blended this with a cotton ball and then applied a light  coating
of powder to the same areas.
     When  she  was  satisfied  with the  softness  of  the  skin
texture,  she applied a thin coating of blusher to his cheeks and
used  her fingers to fade the edges of the blusher.   Happy  with
the  effect she was creating,  Cindy removed a mascara wand  from
her make up case and applied a thin coat to Dougs eye lashes.
     She  sat back on the bed and admired her handiwork.   "Damn,
you're pretty," she remarked.  Doug turned towards the mirror and
gasped  at  how  beautiful and womanly he  had  become.   It  was
difficult for him to imagine that beneath the reflection  staring
back at him was really a man.
     Cindy  handed Doug a pair of silver clip on earrings to  put
on while she fastened a matching silver necklace around his neck.
When  she  finished with the necklace she bent down and hooked  a
smaller version of the necklace around his left ankle.
     "Just  a few more details and we'll be ready,  honey."   She
said as she produced a dark brown wig Doug immediately recognized
from  her collection of wigs at home.   She slipped  the  trusses
over  his scalp and fitted it to his head.   With a small styling
brush  she teased a few curls into place and patted a few  others
with the palm of her hand.
     "After you have your dress on, we'll take care of your hands
and  then we can go."  Cindy then pulled a beige  ruffled  blouse
from the hangers she had previously hung in the closet and helped
Doug into the garment.   As she buttoned the buttons in back,  he
straigtened the collor and fluffed up the ruffles in front.
     Doug  glanced  in the mirror and noticed the ruffled  blouse
created the illusion of a larger bust line than he actually  had.
He turned back to find Cindy holding a tweed,  straight skirt for
him to step into.   He pulled the garment on and Cindy zipped and
fastened  the  clasps in back for him.   As he reached under  the
skirt  to adjust his slip,  Cindy retrieved the  matching  jacket
from another hanger and handed it to Doug.
     After  tucking his blouse into the skirt,  Doug slipped into
the  jacket and turned to admire himself in  the  mirror.   Cindy
handed  him a package and said,  "Here,  see if you can put these
plastic  finger  nails  on  while  I  get  dressed."   She   then
disappeared into the bathroom while he tore open the package.
     When he finished with the nails, Doug walked around the room
and enjoyed the feel of female garments swaying against his body.
The sensations were electric and he felt ecstatic.   He was still
enjoying  the  slick nylon charge when Cindy stepped out  of  the
bathroom dressed equally as beautiful as he was.
     She  stepped into a pair of patent leather spiked heels  and
said, "Perhaps you'd better wear these lower heeled slippers.  It
takes  a  little getting used to walking around before you'll  be
able to handle high heels."  She then handed him a pair of  beige
leather  low  heeled slippers and he quickly slipped them on  his
nylon covered feet.
     Doug stood before her; both the picture of  feminity.    She
stepped closer and hugged him tightly.   They kissed passionately
and both could sense the arousal in the other.  Cindy pulled away
from the embrace and said,  "Now for the lipstick and we're ready
to go.   You can carry this little purse for effect and I'll take
mine  along with everything we'll need."  She handed Doug a  tube
of pale pink lipstick and watched as  he traced it  on his  lips.
When he finished applying it,  she gave him a small beige handbag
and he placed the lipstick in it.
     She picked up her purse and opened the door.   "Well,  let's
go to the lounge and get something to eat.   I'm famished."  Doug
followed her out the door and stood in the hallway as she  locked
the door.
     Pangs  of  guilt  and apprehension invaded  him  as  another
couple  appeared down the hall.   Cindy saw the fear in his  eyes
and quickly linked her arm in his.   "Believe me darling,  no one
but I know who, or what you really are.  Come on, let's go."

                             III

     Cindy  led him down the hallway and could feel his sense  of
confidence returning.   The closer they got to the stairway,  the
more she could tell he was loosening up and begining to enjoy the
experience.
     "I'll do the ordering as your voice may give you away."  They
descended  the stairs and crossed the lobby to the lounge.   Doug
glanced  about and noticed the clerks paid them no mind.   A  few
guest mingled in the lobby and they too paid no attention to  the
two well dressed women headed for the lounge.
     The hostess guided them through the dimly lit bar to a small
table near the rear of the lounge.  Before departing she accepted
Cindys  order for drinks and then disappeared amid the tingle  of
glasses and music from the band.
     Soon  their waitress delivered the drinks and Cindy selected
entrees from the menu for them both.   Before their meal arrived,
the  waitress  brought another round of  drinks  and  said,  "The
gentlemen  next  to the bar hope you'll accept these  with  their
compliments."   She nodded towards a table with two well  dressed
business men and sat the glasses down.
     Doug  and Cindy both glanced toward the men.   Cindy  smiled
and  tipped her glass in the air to the men and then turned  back
to Doug.  "See, I told you no one could tell but me."
     Doug felt a little nervious and wispered to her, "What do we
do if someone trys to hit on us?"
     "Honey,  this is your fantasy.  Enjoy it.  Just do what ever
comes naturally.  But when it's all over, we're the ones that are
together."
     Doug  smiled at Cindy and rubbed his knee against hers under
the table.  The feel of nylon against nylon excited them both and
Cindy responded by slipping her hand beneath the table cloth  and
placing it on his leg.
     As he finished his drink she slowly slid her hand up his leg
and  toyed with the top of his nylon.   Doug felt the tension  of
his garter strap as she traced the outline of the fastening.   He
also felt his growing erection and was thankful Cindy had been so
thorough in taping his member back.
     When  their  meal arrived,  Cindy ordered another  round  of
drinks  and  both  attacked the food with  a  passion.   As  they
finished  the dinner Doug saw the two gentlemen head toward their
table.   He pressed his knee against Cindys and indicated for her
to look in their direction.
     Cindy looked up as the two arrived at the table.  She smiled
demurely as the taller of the two asked her, "Would you two young
ladies care to dance?"
     The  music was slow and so was she in  responding,  "Why,  I
think we'd love to.   Wouldn't we Darla?"  She looked directly at
Doug when she said that and could tell he was nervous.   Then she
accepted  the outstreched arm of the shorter of the two  men  and
accompanied him to the dance floor.
     "Darla,  eh?   Pretty  name,  shall we join them?" said  the
huskier fellow.
     Doug  placed  his hand on the mans arm and slowly  stood  up
from the table.   The two made their way between the other tables
and were soon on the dance floor.
     Fighting  instinct,  Doug allowed the man to place his  arms
around him and then tried hard to follow his lead.  As if it came
naturally,  Doug  found out he had no trouble assuming the proper
role and soon the two were tightly pressed together.
     The music drifted among them as Doug became keenly aware  of
the  bulge  in  his partners pants.   He found it  exciting  that
another  man was becoming turned on by him and he  increased  the
pressure  of  his own pelvic area against his partner.   The  two
danced slower, while Doug sensed the urgency of his own masculine
appendage.
     Rythmatically  he began pressing his hips harder and  harder
against  his dance partner.   The husky gentlemen responded  with
equal  pressure  and Doug found himself placing his  head  deeper
into the mans shoulder.
     As  they continued to dance,  Doug became very aware of  the
mans hand pressing more firmly against his back.   He could  feel
his  partners  hand  against the hooks of his bra and  this  only
excited him more.   He did not realize the music had stopped when
he  felt  the mans hand slid from his back and drift  across  his
buttocks.
     With  a meaningful pat on Dougs feminine  derrire,  the  man
said, "We'll have to do it again, Darla."  And as a gentleman, he
escorted Doug back to the table.
     Doug  pursed his pink lips and smiled affectionately at  the
gentleman as he retook his seat.   Cindy was now joining them and
her  partner  asked,  "How 'bout if we join you two and  make  an
evening of it?"
     Doug  nervously  pulled  a cigarette from Cindys  purse  and
placed it in his lips.  He was searching for the lighter when his
dance partner offered a light.   As he puffed on the cigarette he
heard  Cindy  feign an excuse of returning to  awaiting  husbands
upstairs and the two men reluctanly bid farwell and departed.
     Cindy signaled the waitress for the check and told Doug,  "I
think  it's  time  the two of us get out of here."   Doug  nodded
eagerly  and  departed  with her after she had  signed  the  room
number to the tab.
     They  arrived  back  in their  room  minutes  later  without
incident  and Cindy was only too happy to kick off her shoes  and
sink  into  the  bed.   Doug  retrieved the  champagne  from  the
bathroom and poured them both a drink.
     "Well,  what did you think of your dream now that you've had
a chance to act it out?"  Cindy inquired.
     "It was a little scary at first.   And then when those  guys
asked us to dance,  I nearly died.  Do you know he got a big hard
on and kept rubbing it against me."
     Cindy chuckled and said,  "Well can you blame him.   Look at
yourself, you really are a beautiful woman.  But right now I want
that  beautiful woman to climb on top of me,  or better yet," she
hesitated, "I'd rather climb on top of that beautiful woman."
     Doug  dropped  to  the bed and  the  two  clung  desperately
together.   "Wait,"  Cindy  said,  "let's shed a little  of  this
clothing first.  I've got another surprise for you."
     With that she hopped up from the bed and crossed the room to
the closet.   Deftly she removed two identical floor length satin
pegnoir sets and returned to the bed side.  "Take everything from
your  slip  on out off," she said as she began also stripping  to
just her panties, garters, nylons and bra.
     Doug was quick to follow suit.  As soon as the two were shed
of  their outer garments,  Cindy handed one of the gowns to  Doug
while she placed the other on her own body.  Before climbing back
in  bed she turned down the covers and then placed her small over
night bag on the floor next to the bed.
     Doug  laid  back on the bed and realized  he  was  extremely
excited  by  the wisps of nylon drapped across his  body.   Cindy
knelt and stradled his hips.  The rustle and feel of nylon tricot
was  everywhere.   She slowly started rocking her hips  back  and
forth  and could sense Doug enjoyed the smooth frictionless  feel
of the mingeling female garments.
     Gently  she  reached beneath Dougs buttocks and  pulled  the
tape  restraining his testicles.   When she freed his  semi-rigid
cock  she  rolled the front of his panties down  and  pulled  his
growing  member  out.   After she hooked the panties beneath  his
warm balls, she leaned over and retrieved two soft vibrators from
her night bag.
     As  Dougs  penis  became harder she rolled off  of  him  and
quickly  shed her own panties.   Cindy then lubricated both  toys
and gently inserted one in Dougs quivering anus.   As she lowered
herself upon his erection she guided the other vibrator into  her
own anus.
     "Oh  baby," Doug moaned.   He was so worked up from all  the
excitement  of  the evening he knew he would not be able to  hold
back much longer.
     Cindy knew he was near the edge.   She sat up as straight as
she could and buried his cock deep within herself.   Dougs  hands
were  massaging her anal cheeks as he worked the vibrator in  and
out of her.
     Cindy  used one hand to work the vibrator back and forth  in
Doug while she kneeded his nipples beneath the bra he wore.  With
a violent shudder Doug shot cum deep in Cindy.
     She  orgasimed  twice  as  he spent  his  load.   They  both
remained motionless for an eternity and then slowly Doug  started
pumping in and out of her again.   Within seconds he had regained
a  rock  hard rigidity that Cindy knew would last throughout  the
night.
     "Oh darling, darling," she moaned, "I love you so much."
     Doug continued to pump as she rubbed her hands all over  the
nylon  and  lace  he  wore.   With each stroke of  her  hand  the
intensity of his movements increased.   The effect of lace was so
great  that Cindy knew she had discovered a means to highten  the
pleasure both of them shared.
     After  they  had both enjoyed countless  orgasims  they  lay
cuddled  together in a mixture of sensuous clothing.  Cindy could
not  believe  the profound effect her suggestion of acting out  a
dream had had on Doug.  Or, for that matter, the effect it had on
her.   She slowly drifted off to sleep vowing she would  continue
to live his dream.

                             IV

     Doug woke first.  The realization of saturday morning at the
motel  flickered through his mind.   Awareness of the lingerie he
wore flooded his senses.  Cindy was still snuggled up next to him
and  he enjoyed looking at their two bodies  dressed  similiarly.
He caressed her with one hand while he caressed his own body with
the other.
     She  woke  slowly.    She  was  vaguely  sore  and  suddenly
remembered  why.   Cindy smiled as she opened her eyes and leaned
closer  to  Doug to kiss him.   "Feel like a morning  swim,"  she
inquired.
     Doug looked at her questioningly.
     "I've got a really nice one piece suit for you.  You'll love
it!" She said.
     Cindy hopped from the bed and dashed to the bathroom.   Doug
sat  up and looked into the mirror.   The wig was a little  awry,
but  the  make up was intact.   He adjusted the  hair  piece  and
flipped on the television set.
     Cindy  reappeared  from the other room  and tossed him   the
swim suit.  She had alreay pulled on a skimpy suit and had towels
in her hand.
     Doug  examine  the swim suit and looked  puzzled.   "How  we
gonna pull this off," he asked.
     "Strip down to just your panties, I've got another idea."
     He  did as she bid and then Cindy re-taped his flacid  penis
back  the way she had last night.   "Now,  pull on the  suit  and
let's see."
     Doug stepped into the fucia swim suit and pulled it up.  The
skirted bottom hid any traces of his masculinity and Cindy helped
him adjust the blouson top.   She then inserted a pair of  breast
prosthesis into the built in bra of the suit and adjusted them in
their confines.
     "Well,  maybe,"  Doug  mused as he looked into  the  mirror.
"But what about the wig?"
     "You'll  just  have to keep your head out of the  water,  or
wear this swim cap."  Cindy said as she tossed him a rubber  cap.
She  grabbed a pair of towels from the bathroom and picked up the
key from on top of the television.   "Come on, it's early.  We'll
have the pool to ourselves."
     Doug followed her down the hall way and she was right,  they
had  the  pool to themselves.   After about a half  an  hour  two
skinny  teenagers  showed  up and began splashing each  other  in
another  corner  of the pool.   Doug and Cindy decided  they  had
better  not  press their luck so they got out of  the  water  and
dried off.
     With  towels draped over their shoulders they headed back to
the  room and were just crossing the second floor lobby when  the
dance  partners from the previous evening came up  the  stairway.
Cindy  saw  the two men and smiled.   "Morning," she said as  she
recognized them.
     The  two men returned the smile and said "Good  Morning"  in
unison.   As Doug and Cindy passed by them, the husky fellow that
had  danced with Doug reached out and patted him on the ass as he
walked by.  Doug let out a gasp while  Cindy just chuckled.
     "That's  something  I don't know how to handle."  Doug  told
Cindy as he closed the door behind him.
     "You'll  learn how to play the part."  She  responded  while
stepping into the bathroom and adjusting the shower.   "How about
we shower together?"
     Doug quickly joined her.   When they had finished showering,
Cindy  laid out a complete outfit on the bed for Doug.   Standing
with the towel wrapped around himself,  he carefully examined the
items and then picked up the sanitary belt and pad.
     "That  will probably be more comfortable than  wearing  tape
all day.   And it'll be a lot easier to remove when ever you need
to go to the toilet."  Cindy told him.
     Doug  nodded in acknowledgement and slowly stepped into  the
contraption.   Before  pulling it up all the way,  he pressed his
testicles back and then wiggled the pad into place.   The  straps
rode high on his hips, while the end of the belt disappeared into
the cheeks of his ass.
     Next,  he  donned  the light blue nylon tricot  panties  and
admired  the  lace  trim  around the waist  and  leg  bands.   He
marvelled  at  how  the sanitary pad produced  a  feminine  pubic
mound.   He  quickly picked up the corset and was  examining  the
garment while Cindy dressed.
     He  noticed it had heavy boned stays.   The corset laced and
hooked  in the back,  so Doug slid the affair over his  arms  and
positioned  it in place.   Cindy stepped over and drew the  laces
tight and then hooked the corset for him.
     He  slipped  the  silicone  prosthesis in each  cup  of  the
corsets  brassire  and then sat on the edge of  the  bed.   While
putting  on the nylons and fastening them to the garters  of  the
corset, Doug could feel an erection growing.  He was thankful the
sanitary pad held him secure.
     Cindy  tossed  him an embrodiered lace slip and  he  quickly
fitted  the sensuous garment to his body.   "All of these clothes
fit so nicely,  and they feel terrific.  How did you ever get the
right size in everything?"
     "You forget,  dear, I've been buying your clothes for a long
time.   It wasn't hard to convert your men clothes size to womens
clothing."  She said.
     Doug  enjoyed the feeling of nylon swaying against his  body
as he crossed the room to the closet.   "Which dress is mine?" He
said.
     "Why  don't you try the blue one hanging next to the  outfit
you wore last night."
     Doug  removed a sky blue dress from the hanger  and  stepped
into  it.   He pulled the dress on and slipped his arms into  it.
As he adjusted the puffy sleeves, Cindy zipped it up for him.  He
liked  the  mandrin collar and the way the garment clung  to  his
curves.  "It's beautiful," he murmered.
     "I  thought  you'd like it."  Cindy handed him  her  braclet
watch and he fastened it to his wrist.
     She  motioned for him to set at the dressing table and  then
carefully  began  applying  a light make  up.   "We'll  skip  the
mascare  for daylight wear.    I think this blue will match  your
dress."   She  said  as  she dabbed a light powder  blue  to  his
eyelids.
     She  blended on small amounts of Cover Girl  foundation  and
said, "We don't want to over do it or that'll just call attention
to you."
     He  picked up the lipstick she had set before him and slowly
traced  the outline of his lips.   Cindy was fastening a pair  of
dangling  blue  plastic  ear  rings to  his  ears  and  Doug  sat
patiently  observing  the process in the  mirror.   The  illusion
being  created excited him and he could feel his rock hard  penis
straining at the cotton pad.
     When Cindy finished she handed him the wig and had him place
it on his head.  She took a small brush and teased the hair piece
until confident it looked proper.  "There,  I think we're done."
     Doug  slid on a pair of woven straw sandles and fastened the
straps  around his nylon encased legs.   The feel of  the  nylons
rubbing together as he moved his legs about was too much for him.
He  hoped  Cindy did not notice as he shuddered and felt  a  warm
liquid oozing between his legs.  He was thankful for the sanitary
napkin and made a mental note to take along a spare.
     When he stood up,  Doug took one last look in the mirror and
couldn't  believe  the  picture of feminity that stared  back  at
him.   "Let's go."  Cindy said as she opened the door and  waited
for him to join.
     "Where  we  going."   Doug inquired as he stepped  into  the
hallway with Cindy.
     "I  thought  we'd get some breakfast and then tour  the  art
museum."  She answered.
     They walked side by side to the stairs and then crossed  the
lobby to the front door.  Again Doug noticed that no one paid any
attention   to  them  and  he  felt  comfortable  that  he  could
masquerade so easily.
     "I'll  drive."  Cindy said as she opened the passenger  door
for Doug.
     They   had  not  gotten  out  of  the  parking  lot   before
discovering they had a flat tire.   "Damn,"  Cindy said,  "of all
times for this to happen."
     She  slammed  the  door as she started to  walk  around  the
vehicle  to assess the situation.   Doug was comming  around  the
front  of  the  car  to join her when he heard,  "Can  we  be  of
assistance ladies."

                              V

     Doug  and  Cindy looked up to see their two  dance  partners
nearing the dissabled car.  "Hi, I'm Dave and this is Dan."  Said
the fellow Cindy had been dancing with.   "We'll have that  fixed
in no time.  Got a spare in the trunk?"  He inquired.
     "Oh,  thank you."  Cindy said as she went around the car and
placed  the key in the trunk.   "I don't know what we'd have done
if you hadn't come along."
     Dave  removed the jack and wrench from the trunk as Dan  set
the spare tire on the ground.   While Dave began positioning  the
jack,  Dan  stepped next to Doug and inquired,  "How's Darla this
beautiful morning?"
     Dougs  heart was pounding rapidly as he  whispered,  "Got  a
little case of laringitist."
     "Aw,  that's too bad."  Dan responded.  "Maybe you'd like to
join  us  for breakfast.   We were just planning to go  down  the
street here to the pancake house.  How about it?"
     Doug  shot  Cindy  a  glance and saw her perk  up  at  Dan's
suggestion.  "That would be wonderful, wouldn't it Darla."
     Doug  nodded  meekly and wondered how he  would  handle  the
situation.   Dave  had finished changing the tire and was putting
everything back in the trunk.   "Why don't you park your car  and
we'll walk down to the restuarant.  It's only half a block away."
He said.
     Cindy agreed and backed the car into the slot.   Dan offered
his  arm  to Doug and he limply placed his wrist in the crook  of
Dans arm.   He was glad he still had the false finger nails on as
they gave his hands a distinct female appearance.
     Dave  escorted  Cindy as the two couples strolled  down  the
side walk.   Doug began enjoying the attention Dan was  showering
upon  him.   He even appreciated the way Dan held doors open  for
him and treated him as a woman.  He was glad Dan offered to order
for him so that 'Darla' wouldn't strain her throat.
     Nearing the end of their meal,  Doug felt Dan place his hand
upon  his  nylon  covered leg and his eyes went wide open.  Cindy
saw  the  look  in  her mates eyes and realized  what  must  have
happened.   She smiled back at Doug and said, "Enjoying yourself,
Darla?"
     Doug  could only manage a week nod and continued to pick  at
the  food  on his plate.   Dans hand had gotten  bolder  and  was
slowly inching up his leg.  He could feel Dan toying with the top
of his nylons and tracing the outline of the garter.
     Cindy  saved  him by announcing,  "I need to use the  powder
room.  Care to join me Darla?"
     Doug and Cindy quickly crossed the dining room to the womens
rest  room.   Once inside,  Doug looked around and saw they  were
alone.   "He's putting his hands all over me.   I don't know what
to do."
     "Don't be so worried honey.  He can't do anything as long as
we're  in a crowd.   Enjoy it,  and tease him a  little.   Surely
you've been teased by some girl in the past."
     She made sense,  Doug thought.  "Well maybe," he started, "I
just didn't expect anything like this to happen."
     "Have all the fun you want, 'cause when we go home we're the
ones that are together.   I love you and I don't care what I have
to  do  to make you happy."  Cindy stopped talking  when  another
women  entered  the  room.   She checked her own make up  in  the
mirror as she handed Doug a tube of lipstick.
     They both returned to the table and Dave and Dan stood up to
hold  the  chairs  for the women.   Doug had not been seated  for
more  than  a minute until he felt Dans' hand once again  on  his
nylon covered knee.
     As Dans fingers began creeping under the dress, Doug let his
own  hand rest upon the thigh of his partner.   Dan accepted  the
touch  as a signal and quickly slipped his fingers to the  crotch
of Dougs panties.   Feeling the sanitary napkin,  Dan momentarily
withdrew his hand and then replaced it on the panty covered pad.
     Dan   slowly  began  applying  pressure  to  the   pad   and
rhythmatically  started rubbing it up and down.   The feel of the
moist pad against Dougs flacid penis caused him to get an instant
hard  on  and he found himself becoming quite  excited.   As  Dan
continued to rub the pad,  Dan let his own hand drift farther  up
Dans thigh until he felt a familiar bulge.
     Cindy and Dave had lapsed into small talk, while it appeared
Dan  and Doug were slowly finishing their meal.   Doug heard Dave
mention  something about stepping outside for a cigar  and  Cindy
agreeing  to join him.   Dan too quickly announced he would  take
care  of the bill and Doug looked up to see Cindy departing  with
Dave.
     With  the other couple gone,  Dan increased the frequency of
his movements and Doug was breathing quite heavily.   He  grasped
Dans  bulge  with the tips of his false fingernails  and  pinched
lightly as he began stroking the stiffening member in time to the
movements Dan was applying to him.
     Doug exploded warm,  thick juices as he felt Dan shudder and
cease  his  activities with the pad.   Doug squirmed slightly  to
allow  the  last few drops to drain from him  into  the  awaiting
sanitary napkin.    For the second time today he was glad the pad
was in place as he with drew his hand from Dans crotch.
     Doug  had a contented smile on his face and noticed Dan  was
wearing a sheepish grin.   Both glanced down and saw a small spot
appearing  as  the tent shaped fabric of Dans trousers  began  to
sink back down.  "I guess I'd better head back to the room."  Dan
said meekly.
     He  left  some  bills on the guest check and  then  escorted
Darla from the restuarant.  Cindy and Dave appeared to be deep in
an animated conversation and nearly missed them as they came out.
They all quickly returned to the motel where Dan bid farewell  as
he  rapidly  crossed  the lobby and bounded the stairs two  at  a
time.
     Dave  looked  questioningly after him and  then  turned  and
shrugged  to Cindy and Darla.   "I guess I'd better go make  sure
he's alright.  Will we see you girls again?"
     Cindy smiled at Doug and then said,  "We'll be in the lounge
again tonight.  Perhaps we can slip away from our husbands again.
They're out playing golf now, and are usually too tired to go out
when they've completed eighteen holes."
     Dave  bid  them  farewell and  then  departed.   "What  ever
happened after we left?"  She inquired of Doug.
     "I think I have to go up to the room for a minute too.   You
said to enjoy myself, and well, I just did what he did to me."
     Cindy  chuckled  to herself and thought outloud,  "You  sure
learn  fast."   They returned to the room and before Doug  had  a
chance  to replace the soiled napkin,  Cindy crossed the room  to
him and gently pushed him onto the bed.
     Caught unaware,  Doug fell back on the bed as Cindy  bounced
on to it next to him.   She rapidly slid her hand under his dress
and   began  massaging  the  panties  against  his  napkin.    He
instinctively parted his legs for her and felt the wettness  from
his earlier excitement.
     Cindy  hiked  her own dress above her thighs  and  straddled
Doug  with her head facing his feet.   She bent over to reach her
night  case  and he nuzzled his face against the  fabric  of  her
panties.   She  continued massaging the sanitary pad against  his
growing erection as she pulled one of the toys from her case.
     Doug  could feel his penis growing as he buried his face  in
Cindys  pantied rump.   He began to nibble on the tricot  barrier
and could feel her vaginal lips slidding beneath the soft fabric.
His  own panties strained at the pressure of his emerging hard on
pushing against the pad Cindy was massaging.
     Cindy slid the leg band of his panties aside and  lubricated
the  object  in her hand with the dampness from his pad.   As  he
continued to tease her with his mouth against her own panties she
slid the soft,  firm vibrator into his anus.   She slowly  worked
the  toy in and out as she increased her movement of the sanitary
napkin against his rigid cock.
     Doug  felt  like he was in heaven.   He nibbled  harder  and
caught her lips between the fabric of her panties as she  plunged
the vibrator back and forth in his anus.  The sensation of nylons
and  tricot  intermingling with the constraint of the corset  and
her actions on his body were over powering.
     Cindy  knew he was nearing the moment and she  released  his
cock from the pad which held it.   It pointed straight in the air
as she climbed from his body and quickly stripped her own panties
as  quick as she could.   She turned and positioned herself above
him and then lowered her body to his.  Her moistness engulfed him
as she continued to plunge the vibrator in and out.
     Garters snagged against garters as lace mixed with nylon and
nylon.   He  exploded  like never  before.   She  quivered,  then
shuddered and exploded too.   Wetness drained everywhere as  they
continued to pump feverishly.
     And then they were motionless.
     Cindy  sat breathing heavily as Doug grasped for  air.   The
vibrator  was  buried deep within him as he remained buried  deep
within her.
     Moments later,  an eternity,  he slowly felt himself fading.
As his penis returned to a flacid state,  she slowly withdrew the
vibrator.  Cindy contracted her muscles and he popped from within
her.  At  the  same  instant she totally with drew  the  toy  and
dropped it to the floor.
     "We've never,  I mean never,  had sex with such urgency.   I
think it was great!"  Cindy said as she got up from the bed.  She
picked up her panties and stepped back into them as Doug sat up.
     He could not say anything.   He knew she was right.   He got
up  and headed for the bathroom after picking up a  fresh  napkin
from the box Cindy had in the suitcase.
     "Now  you  really  see  why the garters  go  underneath  the
panties, don't you."  Cindy called out to him.
     Doug  only responded by flushing the toilet  and  completing
the  task at hand.   Seconds later he stepped from the other room
and  joined Cindy on the edge of the bed.   "I guess the  museums
out for this morning.   What other little surprises did you  have
in mind?"
     "Oh, I've got a little idea in mind you might enjoy."
     Cindy  got  up  from  the bed and  opened  the  door.   Doug
followed her out and they both headed for the car.  She drove for
a few minutes and Doug realized they were headed  downtown.   She
circled  one block a few times and then pulled into a vacant spot
in front of an adult book store.  Doug smiled.
     She  opened the door for him and they both stepped into  the
store.   It  was still early in the day and few  other  customers
were  among  the racks of magazines and video  cassettes.   Cindy
walked  from one isle to the next until she spotted  the  section
containing literature on female impersonators.  Doug stepped next
to  her as she picked up one magazine from each holder and  began
cradling them in her arm.
     After  she  was  sure  she had one  of  each  selection  she
wandered  around  a bit and then settled in front of the  counter
containing toys of every description.   She selected a few  items
and  the gaunt male clerk nonchalauntly dropped them into a  bag.
She  paid him and then turned to find Doug still browsing through
the titles she had made her choices from.
     Cindy  caught his attention and signalled him that  she  was
ready  to leave.   Doug replaced the magazine he'd been  thumbing
through  and accompanied her to the car.   "I got one of each and
we can look at them later back at the motel.  For now, let's head
to the mall.  I have a few more things to pick up and we can grab
some lunch at one of the lounges there."
     Doug  was only to happy to be dressed as he was  and  didn't
really care where they went.   He enjoyed the breeze as it wafted
gently through his wig and chilled his lace clad body.   The trip
to  the  mall  passed rapidly as Cindy drove among the  week  end
congestion.
     She  led  him  through the  window  shoppers  and  squalling
children  to a womens longerie shop at the end of one passageway.
It  only took  her seconds to scoop up oodles of pastel   colored
panties and deposit them in Dougs arms.   She selected a few more
packaged  panties and dropped them on top of the  growing  armful
held by Doug.
     "When  we get home,  I'm going to get rid of all your cotton
underwear.   If  what's  happened to us in the last two  days  is
caused by these, I intend to keep you well dressed from now on."
     Doug caressed the items he held and considered the words she
said.   He  could feel his manhood growing and realized what  she
was  telling him was the cause for it.   As he walked behind  her
the  constant  strain  of the napkin against  his  cock  and  the
thought  of  such beautiful under garments caused him  to  become
even harder.
     Cindy  picked out a couple of varieties of teddies and panty
slips and also handed them to Doug.  His arms were so full he had
to get a basket from next to the counter to carry everything  she
was getting.   When he returned to her,  Cindy handed him another
armful of silk and lace.
     The basket was overflowing when she finally decided to add a
few  brassires to his growing collection of feminine attire.   As
he waited patiently while Cindy paid for the items he  discovered
he  was unconsciously squeezing his thighs together rythmatically
and was causing his rigid cock to strain even more at the pad.
     He  watched the young teenaged clerk carefully  folding  and
placing  the wealth of silk and nylon in packages and he  pressed
his  thighs  tightly together one last time.   He felt the  warm,
damp  liquid exploded from within and fill the  waiting  sanitary
napkin.   For  yet  another time today,  he was greatful for  the
security  of the pad and hoped no one noticed the little  shudder
he gave as the final drops spent from his penis.
     They  left  the store and wandered  among  the  mall.   Doug
savoured  the way his softening member slid among the lubrication
of  the  pad and he likened the feeling to that of  being  buried
deep within Cindy.
     They   enjoyed  a  leisurely  lunch  in  one  of  the   mall
restuarants  and then continued window shopping until deciding to
return to the motel.   Cindy returned to the car for the last  of
the days purchases as Doug sank into a chair and absently flipped
on the television set.
     When Cindy returned from the car,  she found Doug had fallen
asleep  in  the chair with his wig slightly  awry.   She  quietly
removed  it  and then began sorting items from the days  shopping
spree.  After she had packed everything away, she took a hot bath
and then prepared one for Doug.
     She  awoke him with a kiss and said,  "I've got a  nice  hot
bath  ready for you.   Why don't you relax in the tub awhile  and
I'll pick out some things for us to wear tonight. "
     He  nodded  and groggily made his way to the  bathroom.   He
slipped  out of the blue dress before going in the  bathroom  and
drapped  it  over a chair.   He kicked off the sandels  and  then
padded into the bathroom clad in his dainty underwear.
     He  let  the slip fall to the floor as he began  unfastening
the  garters  and removed the nylons.   The corset was  a  little
difficult to remove by himself, but he managed to shed to garment
and  stood for a second looking at the reflection of his  pantied
backside  in  the mirror.   He could see the indentation  of  the
sanitary  belt beheath his panties and suddenly realized  it  was
still damp.
     He  quickly peeled off the remaining garments and then  slid
into the tub.   The hot, bubbly liquid comforted him as he picked
up the safety razor Cindy had left on the side of the tub.   Even
though his legs did not need it, he slowly drew the razor against
them and made sure they were closely shaven.  The feeling created
by  the  ritual caused him to acknowledge a deep feminine  urging
from somewhere within himself.
     Doug pondered the emotions welling up and then asked  Cindy,
"Were  you  serious about what you said when we were in that  one
store today?"
     "Definetely," she responded.   "The way soft womens clothing
has excited you the last two days is fantastic.   I intend to see
that you remain as happy as you've been this  weekend.   Besides,
who will know?"
     He  had dried off,  and wrapped the towel around himself the
way Cindy usually did, high on his chest.  He paused and gazed at
his reflection in the mirror.   With all the make up washed  off,
you  didn't  notice his eyebrows had been plucked and took  on  a
feminine appearance, he thought.
     Cindy  came into the bathroom and began preparing a bath for
herself.   "I've  set  everything out for you on the  bed."   She
said.   "I'm  going to get cleaned up while you dress,  and  then
I'll  slip into something and we'll go down to the  lounge  again
for supper."
     Doug  left her alone while he went out to check what she had
selected for him.   He found the sanitary napkin and belt on  top
of  all  the  articles she had piled on the bed  and  he  quickly
stepped  into  the  garment and tucked his maleness  between  his
legs.   Before pulling the pad into place,  he sprinkled some  of
her  fragrant powder on it and then snuggled it against his  soft
cock.
     She  had  chosen a deep plunging front closure brassire  for
him and he had little difficulty fastening the bra.   He  admired
the  way the clasp fitted securely behind a pretty little bow  of
ribbon  and the mounds of decorative lace on the cups of the bra.
Before putting on the matching garter belt, he slid the prothesis
in place and marveled at the way they giggled as he moved about.
     He fastened the lace belt around his waist and then  decided
to  paint  his toe nails with a shade of nail polish  that  would
match  the  false  nails he still wore  on  his  fingers.   After
completing  the task,  he put on the mint colored slip Cindy  had
left for him and then sat on the bed while the polish dried.
     Cindy  stepped out of the bathroom and detected the aroma of
nail polish.  "Oh, good idea."  She said as she dropped the towel
from around her and slipped into her own brassire.   Doug quietly
noticed  she had selected matching intimate apparal  for  herself
and  he was pleased they could share such lovely attire.   As she
pulled  on her panties,  she said,  "Why don't you sit down  over
here and I'll fix your make up."
     He obediently took the chair next to the dressing table  and
Cindy  expertly applied a light cream foundation to his face  and
neck.   "Now, blend it in with this pad."  She said as she handed
him a small foam make up pad.
     Doug  smoothed  the foundation until he could not  detect  a
line  between  the  make up and his skin and then  Cindy  started
applying  a  frosty eye shadow on his eye lids.   After  she  had
finished  each eye she handed him the mascara and watched  as  he
brushed the dark cream on his lashes.  Next, he picked up the lip
stick  she had placed before him and carefully traced the outline
of his lips.
     She used a small brush and dabbed a light coating of blusher
on  his cheeks and then took an eye brow pencil and  rounded  out
the contour of his brows.   Doug picked up her perfume and placed
a small drop behind each of his ears and on each of his wrists.
     He returned to the side of the bed and put on his nylons and
then  pulled  on  a pair of dainty,  pretty hip huggers  made  of
lycra  spandex.   He smoothed and brushed the slip in  place  and
could  feel  the  urgings welling up within  himself.   The  soft
fabric clunge to his body and the cool feel of lace against nylon
excited him.
     Cindy  tossed a pair of opened toed high heels on the  floor
in  front  of him and he slipped his feet  into  them.   She  had
thoughtfully  selected large heels so that he would not have  too
much  difficulty  in  learning to walk in them.   He  tested  his
ability to manuver with the heels by strutting around the room.
     He  noticed the heels caused his calfs to appear  even  more
feminine  and  he stood admiring his legs for  a  minute.   Cindy
brought him a soft woolen skirt and helped him step into it.  She
fastened the clasp and then handed him a matching mohair sweater.
Doug slid the sweater over his head and adjusted the cowl neck to
fall partially over his back.
     Cindy  gave him a large beaded necklace and ear rings to put
on  while  she  finished dressing and Doug stepped  over  to  the
mirror to accomplish the task.   When he finished putting on  the
jewerly he picked up the wig and placed it on his head.   He used
her  styling brush to fluff it out and brush a few stray hairs in
place.   Cindy smiled at how naturally he performed the deed  and
noted how beautiful he looked.
     Without saying anything to each other,  they picked up their
purses and left the room.   Cindy dropped the key in her purse as
they  started down the hallway toward the lounge.   Doug  noticed
the  heels caused him to sway slightly as he walked and his skirt
rippled rythmatically as they descended the stairs to the lobby.
     A  few  guest glanced casually at them as they  crossed  the
lobby  and entered the shadows of the  lounge.     Cindy  spotted
Dave  and Dan seated at a far corner of the adjacent dining  room
and  noticed Doug had also seen them.   Dan had risen from  their
table  and was making his way toward them.   "Looks like we're in
for a little more fun."  She wispered to Doug.
     "Good  evening  Cindy.   How's the throat  Darla?"   Without
waiting for a reply,  Dan said,  "How about joining us for diner.
We  just got here and haven't ordered yet."  He took Doug by  the
arm  and began escorting the two to their  table.   Cindy  walked
behind  the  two and chuckled inwardly at the way Dan had  placed
his arm around Darla's waist.
     Dave stood up and held Cindys chair for her as Dan  assisted
Darla  in  taking a seat next to him.   "I take it your  husbands
won't  be joining you for diner this evening."  Dave said  as  he
took his own seat again.
     "They've  got  some kind of business meeting and  should  be
returning around ten o'clock or so."  Cindy said.   She knew that
would  give  them enough time for a little fun,  but would  still
provide Doug with the excuse he may need later.
     "Well,  at  least let us have the pleasure of  your  company
until then."  Dan said as he placed his hand on Darla's knee.
     Doug  smiled.   He we go again,  he thought to himself.   At
least Cindy had put a time limit on it,  he thought,  and he  was
grateful  for that.   He started to whisper something to Dan, but
the  band began playing a loud,  fast rendition of some  familiar
song and all chance of conversation was lost.
     Somehow,  Dave managed to place orders for them all with the
waiter  standing  at their table now and Doug heard him  order  a
large  bottle of champagne.   The waiter disappeared shortly  and
then returned with a cart bearing the beverage and fine  glasses.
He watched as Dave sampled the bubbly liquid and nodded approval.
Glasses  passed around and they all shared the champagne as  Doug
felt Dan's hand begining its upword trek.
     Doug had finished a third glass of champagne by the time Dan
had his fingers toying with the edge of the sanitary pad.   In an
effort  to keep his wandering fingers from exploring beyond  that
point, Doug placed his own hand on Dans crotch and could feel the
mans soft bulge respond to his touch.
     The waiter appeared with their dinner and Doug coyly brushed
Dans hand from between his legs.   He crossed his legs to prevent
further  advances from Dan and enjoyed the meal before him.   Dan
ate  feverishly  and they all drank heartily from  the  dwindling
supply of champagne.
     Dave had managed to signal the waiter for another bottle  as
they  finished  their meals and he quickly replenished the  empty
bottle  as  he  cleared a few items from  the  table.   Doug  was
thankful  they were so close to the band and could not  carry  on
conversations  at  the  table.   He was also begining to  feel  a
little gidish from all the champagne he had consumed and hoped he
wasn't  getting  careless  in  the  illusion  he  was  trying  to
maintain.
     Somehow  the  four  managed to deplete  the  new  bottle  of
champagne  in less than two songs from the band.   Dave signalled
the waiter once again and then signed the check and motioned  for
them all to leave.
     Dan escorted him from the lounge as Cindy took Daves arm and
accompanied them to the lobby.  "Why don't we stop up to our room
and have a quick night cap before bidding ado?"  Dave said to the
group.
     Doug   looked  at  Cindy  and  found  her  agreeing  to  the
suggestion.   He  wasn't sure what to do and was quickly  hurried
along by Dans insistent pressure on his waist.   They crossed the
lobby to the elevator and were wisked to the second floor  before
he had a chance to think of anything.
     They  entered  Daves room and soon discovered the  two  were
sharing adjoining rooms.   Dan opened the small passageway to his
room  and quickly disappeared from sight.   Dave offered Cindy  a
chair  by the window as he picked up the plastic bucket from  the
sink and said he would fetch some ice.  Alone for a second in the
room, Doug looked questioningly at Cindy and realized she too was
feeling the effect of the champagne.
     Dan  returned from the adjoining room carrying a small  bong
and stopped in front of the television set to light the marijuana
packed tightly in the bowl.   He drew deeply from the mouth piece
and  then passed the bong to Doug.   Darla accepted the bong  and
hesitated briefly before inhaling the rich pungent smoke into his
lungs.  He passed the bong to Cindy and she too inhaled deeply on
the mouth piece.
     Dave returned with the ice and rapidly mixed drinks for them
all  before joining in the activites already in progress.   Cindy
enjoyed watching Doug squirm nervously in his feminine attire  as
Dan began running his hand up and down Darlas back.  She stood up
and crossed the room to the television and flipped it on.
     "I'm  afraid  it may be the wrong time for either of  us  to
fully demonstrate our appreciation, but," she said as she stepped
over to the light switch and turned it off, "if you'd care to lay
down on the bed, perhaps we can at least show you a little bit of
our gratitude."
     Dan and Dave needed no further prompting.   They both got on
the  bed  and laid down.   Cindy took Dougs hand and  pulled  him
along as she neared the bed.  She let his hand go as she knelt on
the  bed  next to Dave and began unbuckling his  trousers.   Doug
hesitated  and  then mimiced Cindys actions  by  unbuckling  Dans
slacks.
     He  watched her roll Daves cotton briefs down and expose his
growing cock.  Dans rigid member was already straining at his own
briefs as Doug pulled the waistband over the stiff,  erect  cock.
He saw Cindy brush her hair away from her head as she lowered her
lips toward the now hard cock and realized what he must also do.
     He  wrapped his hand around Dans cock and began massaging it
as he lowered himself to a seated position on the bed.  Cindy was
now  taking Daves organ in her mouth as Doug lowered his head  to
Dans  eager cock.   He placed the tip of it in his mouth and  let
his  tounge dance upon the head of the cock as he  continued  his
stroking motions on the long shaft.
     Doug  could  taste  a hint of salt as he  realized  Dan  was
becoming extremly excited.  He let the shaft bury deeper into his
mouth and pressed his lips firmly around it.  His hand moved down
from the shaft and cuped the two hairy balls as he began slidding
his lips up and down the thick cock.   He found that his own cock
was begining to strain against the sanitary napkin and he started
squeezing his thighs together as he had done earlier today at the
store with Cindy.
     Doug  gribbed  the sacks of skin in his hand tightly  as  he
continued to pump his lips up and down the shaft.   He could feel
Dan tensing and knew it would only be seconds before he exploded.
Doug  sensed his own urgency and locked his legs together as  Dan
began  spending  his load.   He felt the warm liquid hitting  the
roof of his mouth as his own orgasim spilled into the napkin.  He
took  everything  Dan offered and then traced the length  of  his
shaft with his tounge as Dan laid motionless.
     He  felt Cindy place her hand on his shoulder and looked  up
to  see  her headed through the adjoining  doorway.   He  quickly
followed behind and saw her pick up a small plastic bag from  the
dresser  as  she opened the door to the hallway.   He pulled  the
door behind him as she said,  "Small price for them to pay."  And
then saw her drop the plastic bag of marijuana into her purse.
     They  quickly made their way down one flight of  stairs  and
through  the hallway to their room.   Doug was thankful they  had
not  given  their  room number out as he locked the  door  behind
them.   Cindy  was  stepping  out of her dress  as  he  drew  the
curtains closed.
     "I'm  going to run down to the store and get a bottle.   Why
don't  you  get comfortable and I'll be right back."   Cindy  had
pulled  on  a pair of levi's and was just slipping into  a  sweat
shirt when Doug realized what she had said.
     She  left  before he could  say  anything,  so  Doug  lit  a
cigarette  and relaxed on the bed for awhile.   He picked up  the
package  of magazines they had bought earlier and began  thumbing
through  them  absentmindedly.   The sight of so  many  she-males
brought  him  to  a  state of ecstasy  quicker  than  he  thought
possible.
     He gazed at the glossy color pictures of professional female
impersonators  and  could  feel  his cock sliding  in  a  sea  of
lubrication  as it grew larger.   The pictures of such  beautiful
men  draped  in silken finery brought him near the edge and  Doug
put  the magazines down as he realized he was breathing  heavily.
He  got up from the bed and shed the skirt and angora sweater  he
had been wearing.
     After hanging up the garments he let the slip slid down  his
hips and fall billowing to the floor.  He picked up a pegnoir set
Cindy had left on top of a suit case and put the frilly nightgown
on.  He then donned the matching sheer robe and laced the gown at
his waist.
     Doug  returned to the bed and had just laid down when  Cindy
returned carrying some sodas and a bottle of rum.   She deposited
the  containers  on the counter next to the sink and grabbed  the
plastic bucket for ice.   While she went for ice,  Doug mixed two
drinks and awaited her return.
     "Oh  good.   I  see you found the gown I left out  for  you.
Pretty isn't it?"  Cindy said as she plopped some ice in each  of
the glass Doug held.
     "Yes.  I like it."
     Cindy  placed a box near the bed and then quickly peeled off
her own outer garments.   She stood near the bed as she up  ended
the  glass  and drained the last drops of rum and coke  from  her
glass.  Doug mixed her another as she dropped to the bed and then
he too joined her on the bed.
     "Lay  on  your tummy,  here."  Cindy said as she patted  the
mattress  next to her.   Doug did as she asked and then felt  her
hand  as she slowly stroked the back of his leg.   Cindy  allowed
her  hand to toy with his the edge of his panties as she  reached
into the box next to the bed.   She withdrew a soft,  firm rubber
penis with a strap on it.  She stood next to the bed and strapped
the artificial devise to her hips and then knelt on the bed  next
to Doug.
     Before doing anything else,  she pulled another rubber penis
from the box and slid the leg band of her own panties aside.  She
inserted the second dildo in herself and released the leg band of
her panties so that the crotch of the soft fabric held the toy in
place.
     With  the  rubber penis dangling from the straps around  her
hips, she crawled between Dougs legs and leaned forward.  The tip
of  it pressed against the sanitary napkin and she  reached  down
and  pulled  his panties down.   She pulled the napkin aside  and
then pressed the head of the shaft against his anus.
     Dougs  own erect cock strained at the pad as he  felt  Cindy
pressing harder with the dildo.  As she rocked back and forth the
rubber cock slid into his ass and he raised his hips instictively
to allow her better access.
     Cindy  drove the false appendage deep within Doug and  could
feel the second dildo deep within herself.   He let out a gasp as
the shaft buried deeper and then felt Cindy sink into a rhythm of
pumping the dildo in his ass.
     As she pressed the rubber cock into him, Dougs own cock slid
among  the  lubricant he had previosly deposited on the  sanitary
napkin.   With each thrust she made,  he pressed back against her
while pressing his own thighs together.
     Cindys tempo had increased and she began massaging her  clit
with  one hand.   Dougs breathing matched the frequency of Cindys
thrusts and he felt himself explode as she shuddered rapidly  and
plunged the dildo as deep as she could.
     She  sat  there a long while with the dildo buried  deep  in
Dougs  anus  and then unstrapped the device from her  body.   She
rolled over next to him and slid the other dildo from between her
own legs.  She dropped it to the floor and then slowly pulled the
rubber cock from Dougs ass and dropped it next to the first.
     Spent  and  exhausted,  they  both  found  sleep  a  welcome
companion.   Even  deep  asleep,  Doug  could  sense  the  frilly
garments  clinging  to  his  body and  he  retained  a  nocturnal
erection  that slid among his own juices as he ocassionaly tossed
and turned.
     Morning  came  too  soon,  but Doug awoke with  a  sense  of
urgency and rapidly became aware of the straining pad between his
legs.  Cindy was still asleep and he let his hands drift over the
soft gown draping his body.  The feel of nylon tricot against his
body  excited  him even more,  so he rolled his panties down  and
freed his throbbing penis from its prison.
     As  Cindy  slept,  he found himself  manipulating  his  cock
through  the gown and realized he was going to climax soon.   Not
wanting  to be apprehended,  he quickly pushed his  manhood  back
into the sanitary napkin and rolled the panties back up.  Just as
he  finished adjusting the waist band of the hip huggers he  felt
himself  exploded once again into the napkin.   The  warm,  moist
liquid  ran from his cock and trickled between the napkin and his
buttocks.  He enjoyed the sensation and laid motionless while the
warmness crept deeper and traced the contours created by the  pad
against his ass.
     When he could no longer feel the warmth, Doug quietly got up
and padded off to the bathroom.   He adjusted the shower and then
ever  so  slowly,  slipped  the pegnoir set off and  admired  the
reflection  of his scantily clad body in the mirror.   He had  to
admit  that  he really loved the feminine under garments  he  was
wearing.   With great reluctance,  he slowly removed the  nylons,
garter  belt,  panties,  bra and sanitary napkin and stepped into
the shower.
     He was just finishing drying off when Cindy woke and  joined
him  in  the  bathroom.   "You should have woke  me  sooner.   We
haven't  got long before check out.   I'm going to take  a  quick
shower too,  and then we'd better get going.   I'll pick out some
things  for  you in a minute,  why don't you try putting on  your
make  up."  She didn't wait for a reply as she stepped  into  the
shower and realized she hadn't felt so refreshed in a long time.
     Doug  followed her suggestion and began by applying a  light
foundation.   He remembered what she had taught him earlier about
not  over  doing it,  so he sparingly applied the foundation  and
then blended it in.   He put the mascara on lightly also and then
carefully  used  an  eyebrow pencil to fill  in  his  brows.   He
selected  a  pale color lipstick and was just finishing  with  it
when  Cindy popped out of the bathroom.   As she  busied  herself
with  choosing various clothing for the two,  he finished off  by
dabbing  a  light  coating of eyeshadow to his eyelids  and  then
complimented  himself  as  he stared at  the  reflection  in  the
mirror.
     He  crossed over to the bed and picked up the fresh sanitary
napkin  Cindy had placed on the top his clothing  pile.   With  a
deftness  usually  reserved to an art practiced for a long  time,
Doug  slipped into the sanitary belt and threaded the  napkin  in
place.    He tucked  himself away and adjusted the napkin to hold
him secure as he picked up the  long line brassire and slipped it
over his arms.   Somehow he managed to hook all eight of the bras
hooks  and noticed that the increased pressure from the long line
bra  caused  his loose flesh to swell and create an  illusion  of
cleavage.   He quickly tossed out the notion of doing without the
prosethisis and slipped the artificial breast in place.
     Next,  he  pulled on the full cut panties and picked up  the
girdle  Cindy  had selected for him.   He struggled to  pull  the
constraining  item on,  but soon had it  adjusted  properly.   He
followed  by slidding into a knee length slip and then sat on the
bed to put on his nylons.
     He  completed the outfit with a simple cotton blouse  and  a
dark,  knit skirt that she had also laid out on the bed.  When he
had  fastened the clasp and pulled the zipper up,  he put on  the
same  woven sandles he had worn the day before and picked up  the
wig he now thought of as his own.
     Cindy  had already taken one load of luggage to the car,  so
Doug  picked up a few more of the things in the room and  carried
them down to the car.  Cindy passed him in the lobby and told him
she would get the last of their belongings and be right back.
     While waiting in the car,  he picked up one of the magazines
Cindy had purchased yesterday and began thumbing through it.   He
read  with interest,  the letters submitted by readers describing
how they had been introduced to the world of cross dressing.   As
he  read the detailed accounts he could feel his sanitary  napkin
straining against his growing erection.
     Cindy  returned with the last of the luggage from  the  room
and they started for home.  "I really enjoyed this weekend." Doug
confided in her.  "In fact, I kind of hate to see it end."
     "Oh, it's not ended.  When we get home, it's just begining."
Cindy replied.
     Doug  pondered her words as she manuvered through the Sunday
traffic.   The  pleasure  he experienced dressed as a  woman  was
over  whelming and he savoured the drive home.   Ocassionally  he
would  shift in the seat to glimpse something out the window  and
would quickly be reminded of the tight girdle and nylons he wore.
Doug could'nt imagine being happier.
     Cindy pulled into the underground garage at their  apartment
and  the  two women stepped from the car.   A quick ride  up  the
elevator  and  short walk down the hallway brought them to  their
own apartment.   As he closed the door behind them, Doug could'nt
help  but reflect how his whole attitude and outlook had  changed
from just a few days ago when he stood in the same spot.
     Cindy had disappeared into the bedroom and Doug headed  that
way  to see what she was up to.   When he entered the room he saw
her  standing before his dresser with a couple of drawers  pulled
open.   He  stood  hypnotized  as he  watched  her  scooping  out
handfuls  of his male cotton underwear and drop them in  a  paper
bag.  She really was doing what she said she would, he realized.
     "From  now  on,   you'll  wear  pretty  lace  panties  under
everything  you  wear.   When you're home on the week  ends,  and
after work,  I'll expect you to wear at least a bra, too."  Cindy
told  him  as she began putting oodles of pastel  colored  frilly
garments in the now empty drawers.
     Her  words,  and  the thoughts cascading through  his  mind,
caused  Doug to become acutely aware of the  stiffness  returning
between  his legs.   He watched her pick up the bag full of  male
underwear  and  carry  it out to the trash chute in  the  kitchen
hallway.   He knew she ment what she had just said as he  watched
the bag disappear down the chute.
     Cindy busied herself with the coffee maker and Doug sat down
on  one  of the bar stools at the breakfast  bar.   She  finished
pouring  the water in and said,  "In a couple of months,  I'll be
able to style your hair and you won't need a wig any longer.   Of
course, you can use any of the ones I have now until then."
     "I  noticed  in one of those magazines that there  are  some
clubs  and  organizations  in the area  that  offer  support  for
couples  like  ourselves."  Doug said  tentatively,  "Perhaps  we
could investigate them."
     "If you like, but from now on, I intend to see you become my
sister as well as my husband."  She said.   "It will be wonderful
being able to share so much more with you.  I only wish we'd have
discovered this sooner."
     The  aroma  of caffine drifted through  the kitchen so  Doug
retrived  two  cups  from the counter.   He had  kicked  off  the
sandles in the bedroom and marveled at the way his nylon  covered
feet  felt  as  he crossed the linolium floor.   The tug  of  the
nylons  against  his  girdle excited him and he  could  feel  the
elastic stretch slightly as he walked.
     "Let's go try on a few things I think you might like.   I've
got  a lot of cloths in the back of my closet that might fit  you
just perfect."  Cindy said as she accepted the cup of coffee Doug
held out for her.
     They returned to the bedroom and she quickly started tossing
various  articles  from her closet onto the  bed.   Doug  watched
silently  for  a  few seconds and then  unhooked  his  skirt  and
stepped  from  it.   He shed the blouse he had been  wearing  and
picked  up a black one piece jumpsuit from on top of the  growing
pile.
     He  managed  to zip up the jumpsuit without  assistance  and
then  noticed the girdle created unsightly lines through the skin
tight fabric.   "You'll have to learn to wear different types  of
underwear  depending  on what you'll be wearing."  Cindy said  as
she  noticed him checking his appearance in the  mirror.   "Panty
hose would be best for something like that."
     He shed the jumpsuit and tried on a few more  garments.   He
noticed  that  with every new piece of feminine apparal he  tried
on,  he  became  more excited and the straining at  his  sanitary
napkin increased.   He stepped out of the house dress he had just
tried on and stood in just the matronly under garments Cindy  had
provided at the motel this morning.
     Without  having  to say anything to her,  Cindy looked  deep
into  his eyes and then slipped out of her own skirt and  blouse.
She crossed to the bed and brushed the pile of clothing aside  as
she  laid down.   Doug quickly joined her and as he began kissing
her  deeply he felt her unzipping the girdle at his  waist.   She
rolled  the heavy garment down his hips and then he  assisted  by
removing it with the nylons still attached.
     The  slip  pulled  taugnt against his panty clad ass  as  he
rolled back toward her and embraced her once again.   The feeling
of her breast pressed hard against his own bra clad chest  caused
him  to become more excited and he loved the sensations  shooting
throughout his body.
     Quite by surprise,  Doug felt her pressing an anal plug into
his ass and he welcomed the sensations it created.   Cindy buried
the  plug as far as she could and then pulled his rigid cock from
beneath the napkin and through one leg band of his  panties.   He
wasted  no time in mounting her and thrusting his eager cock deep
between her open legs.
     With  each  penetrating thrust,  Doug could  feel  the  plug
within  himself.   Cindy  was becoming more excited and he  could
feel  her  hands pressing hard against the long line  bra  hooked
behind  his back.   He continued to pump deep into her  and  then
felt her move one hand down to his quivering asshole.   With each
thrust  of his cock deep within her,  Cindy pressed the plug with
equal intensity.
     His  movements increased in frequency corresponding  to  the
pressure Cindy placed upon the plug.   Within seconds he exploded
dynamically  and  felt  her shudder with her own  climax  as  she
pushed the anal plug as deep as she could.
     They lay spent and coupled together for long moments as each
tried  to  regain their breath.   After a few minutes Doug  could
feel  himself loosing rigidity and withdrew to lay at  her  side.
He  saw  that  deep satisfied look on her face and knew  she  had
needed him as much as he had wanted her.
     "This  is  the reason I plan to keep you  in  skirts."   She
said.   "You're  just so much more sexually active,  I'm going to
see to it that you always have lace and nylon on your body."
     Doug smiled to himself as he trudged off to the bathroom for
a quick shower.  She was right, he thought to himself, the frilly
garments did cause him to need her more.   He stripped naked  and
relaxed as the hot water streamed down his body.   Moments later,
he dried off and returned to the bed.
     Cindy  had  put all of the clothing away so  he pulled  open
one  of his drawers and fingered the fine silk now his to  choose
from.   He selected a pair of floral patterned hip huggers and  a
matching whispy floral brassire.  He tossed the  frilly underwear
on the bed and then took out a new sanitary belt from the box she
had put in his drawer.
     The new belt was more like a string bikini and it took him a
second  to discover how to thread a napkin in place.   He quickly
learned  how  to adjust the belt and then started to pull  it  in
place.   He hesitated for a second after tucking his flacid penis
back,  and then picked up a bottle of hand lotion on the  dresser
and  traced  a small line of lotion along the inside of his  pad.
As  he pulled the napkin securely against his body he could  feel
the cold lotion come in contact with his penis and then felt  the
lotion spread along the shaft of his manhood.   As he walked over
to  the  bed  to retrieve his bra and panties he could  feel  the
slippery  lubricant  and it reminded him of the feelings  he  had
experienced so often the last couple days.
     He  quickly pulled on the hip huggers and slipped  into  the
flimsy bra.   After hooking the clasps behind his back he decided
not  to  use the prosthesis and went instead to the  closet.   He
selected a sleeveless tank top blouse and a pair of pink  stretch
shorts  to  wear.   He put on the pretty apparel and then  joined
Cindy who was now watching television in the living room.
         (to be continued -- if there is enough demand)

--
