Archive-name: Amazon/douganne.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Doug and Anne


    At number 12, the party was in full swing.  It was a
Saturday night, and the Lofts were holding a barbecue for
their yuppie friends.  Doug and Anne Loft had been
circulating and were now talking to the Harts, their next
door neighbors, whom they had invited out of courtesy.
    "Andrew was just telling us about that young girl down
the road," Anne explained.  "It seems that her boyfriend was
cheating on her, and she beat him up in the garden."
    Doug looked disbelievingly at her.  "How was that,
then?" he asked. 
    "Young Nicola," Jane responded.  "She beat him about and
sat on him until he gave in to her."
    "He must have allowed her to do it," Doug said.  "No
girl could beat a man in a fight otherwise."
    "Oh, I don't know.  She's rather a tough young lady,
quite an athlete," Andrew Hart said.
    "No, I still can't see it happening," Doug interrupted,
"though I'm not saying that I don't believe what you saw.
Just that the boyfriend must have allowed it to happen.
Excuse me, won't you?"
    He got up to speak to some of the other guests, and the
conversation was dropped and forgotten.  Except by Anne
Loft.  Ann was a big brunette with a tremendous figure.  By
contrast, her husband was small and thin.  Her parents had
kidded her about the saying that she would obviously wear
the trousers in the family.
    The more Anne thought about what Doug had said, the
angrier she got.  She didn't like the slur he had made
against her own sex, and determined to teach him a lesson.
He had some explaining to do anyway.  Seeking out Jane Hart
again for a little "girl talk," she asked the woman to tell
her all she know.  Jane was only too willing to tell her the
whole story.  She rarely had anyone to talk to, and here was
someone who was not only a willing listener, but someone who
wanted her to talk to her.
    It was Sunday morning in The Glades.  Anne Loft had
risen early and bathed and dressed in a pair of skin tight
white slacks and blouse.  She had decided that she would put
her theory to the test today.  She ran a bath for her
husband, then called him to tell him it was ready.  Still
not fully awake, he rose anyway and headed for the bathroom.
Now to put the next part of her plan into operation.
Collecting all his trousers, shirts and underwear from their
various cupboards and drawers, she took them all into the
spare room where she put them into a couple of suitcases.
    Doug climbed from the bath and wrapped his robe around
him.  He went into the bedroom and started to dry himself.
Anne walked in almost immediately.  "Want me to do that for
you?" she asked him.
    "That would be nice," he replied, rather puzzled.  She
hadn't done that for a long time.  She took the robe from
him and threw it onto a chair, then proceeded to wipe him
with the towel. When she was satisfied that he was dry
enough, she threw the towel on top of the bathrobe.  Still
puzzled, Doug walked over to the chest of drawers to fetch
his underpants.  He stood there, looking into the drawer.
    "Where are all my clothes?" he asked, somewhat annoyed.
    "Oh, they're safe enough, you can have them later."
    "But I want them now.  Do you expect me to remain
naked?"
    "Only for a while, darling.  Do you remember what Andrew
and Jane told us about the young girl down the road?"
    "What girl down the road?  Look, where are my clothes?"
    "It's right, you know.  The male sex is very arrogant.
And you're really no exception."
    Doug was beginning to get irritated by the direction the
conversation was taking.  Besides, he wanted to get dressed.
    "Do you know if I found out that you'd been unfaithful
to me, I think I'd beat you up too."
    "What are you talking about?  I've never been unfaithful
to you.  And why do you keep referring to that fairy story?"
    I'm going to put that fairy story to the test.  That's
why I want you as you are, so that you can't walk out on
me."
    Angrily he tried to push past his wife to reach the
door, but he was stopped in his tracks when she hit him hard
across the face.
    "I hope you're ready, darling, because I mean to go
through with it to find out for myself."
    She really means it, he thought.  She really thinks she
can get the better of me.  Well, we shall find out.  "All
right, if that's what you want, come and get it."
    If he expected her to grapple from the very start he was
wrong, for instead she kneed him in the groin.
    "What did you do that for?" he cried, doubling up in
pain, and failing to avoid the punch to the head that
followed.  He fell to the floor, his wife standing over him.
    "Come on, get up, or I'll jump on you now."
    He scowled up at her.  "You really are asking for
trouble now!"
    It was he that was in trouble, however, for as he made
to rise, she got him in a headlock and threw him onto the
bed.  He dragged himself onto the center of the bed and lay
there, nursing his aching parts, unaware that he was now
where she wanted him.  Jumping onto the bed, she leapt upon
him.  Her hands went to his throat as she straddled him.
She had a strong grip, and he couldn't dislodge her hands.
His throat was beginning to hurt, and he began to feel
dizzy.  When she released her grip he began to massage the
area with his two hands, but she grabbed his wrists and
forced his arms down above his head.
    "I think this has gone far enough, don't you?" he asked
groggily.
    "I've only just started, my darling. I told you I'm
going to beat you up."
    He tried to throw her but was unable to, and she made it
more difficult for him by moving up and sitting on his
chest.  He tried to turn his head so as not to look at her,
but her thighs closed in on him immediately, trapping his
head.  Under normal circumstances he loved being in such
close proximity to his wife, but not like his.  This was
embarrassing.  It was just as well no one could see him like
this.  She was squashing his head and face with her ample
thighs, and his ears began to feel hot.  But she kept him
there captive.
    "If I admitted that I was beaten, would you stop here
and now?" he asked her grudgingly.
    "No, darling, there's a long way to go yet," she
answered simply.  With this she moved forward, her crotch
descending onto his face as he shuddered at the thought of
what else could happen.  He passed out soon afterwards and
awoke to find that she was no longer on top of him.  But he
was still her captive, for she now had his head scissored
between her thighs, and his fact was very close to her
crotch.  As she felt him move, she forced his head right
down so that his face was pressed into her warm crotch yet
again.  He tried to prise her knees apart, but she took hold
of his thumbs and bent them back.  He screamed in agony.
    "It seems I've found your weak spot, doesn't it,
darling?" she said sweetly.  She pulled once more on his
thumbs, and he screamed again.  "Dear me, you'll have to be
quieter.  What will the neighbors think?"  Releasing her
scissors hold, she retained the hold on his thumbs.  Then,
kneeling, she pulled him to and fro by way of those painful
digits.  She realized what an advantage she had by merely
keeping hold of his thumbs.  She told him to lie on his
back, and he did as he was bid, not wanting to be hurt
anymore.  Climbing astride him again, she resumed here
former position on his chest, her thighs once again
capturing his head and face.  She held his arms to be bed
and once again straddled his unwilling face, grinding down
upon him, hurting his mouth and nose in the process.  Once
again he passed out.
    When he came to again, she was still astride his chest,
her crotch pressed tightly against his chin.  This time,
however, she was naked also.  She had pinned his arms again,
still had control of his thumbs.  But there was something
else.  He had been gagged.
    "If you're a good boy, I'll undo that for you!"
    "Mmmmm" he mumbled.  Releasing one of his thumbs, she
undid the gag.  But there was still something in his mouth
making it impossible for him to speak.  She removed this
obstruction also.  It was a pair of panties.  How
disgusting, he thought, and shuddered.
    "I thought you'd like that little touch, seeing as how
you've obviously been sniffing around them before.  I found
it quite amusing."
    He didn't quite grasp what she was saying, so she
continued.  "I found them in one of your pockets a while
ago.  I was wondering how to approach you about it, and
fortunately the solution came quite easily."
    He looked at her with wide eyes as she said, "Anyway,
there's something I want you to do for me before you go."
Moving forward again, she straddled his face once more,
moving around in a circular motion, squeezing her thighs in
and out.
    For most of the afternoon she forced him to service her.
Each of his attempts to escape was thwarted by his thumbs
being bent back until he screamed for mercy.  When she
released him, she told him to leave, or she would inform the
neighbors of what had happened.  Unwilling to be looked upon
as a complete fool, he packed his bags and did as he was
told.  But not before she had promised him a repeat of the
treatment if he returned.  And she knew that he would have
to return before long, he had nowhere else to go!  She
didn't know it yet, but she would soon be handing out that
same treatment to someone else apart from her husband!

--
