Down at the Farm, We do it right

It was a hot summer day in Joliet, Illinois.  I was bored and sort of tipsy.
I had just ended a 4 year relationship with my fiance, and during this time
I had sex on a daily basis.  If not actual penetration, she gave me pretty
good head.  On this day, it had been 3 months since I've had any kind of sex
and I was feeling horny as all hell.  To alleviate this frustration, I had done
something which I had been contemplating for a very long time.  I paid a visit
to my friend, Danny's farm.  Danny and I have been friends for 10 years, and he
tells me everything.  He told me that he had been actively boning his potbellie
d Vietnamese pig, Angelina.  He encouraged me to try it if I ever got lonely
and this would be the big day.  Danny's parents were in Europe, and Danny was
at work so I felt this would be the best time.  So I went out and bought a
six pack and smoked a little pot then made my way for Danny's farm.  Angelina
lived in the barn with the chickens.  I already had a boner from thinking about
it so I was all ready to go.  I opened the barn door with my dick in my hand,
and I started rubbing Angelina's snatch.  She loved it so much that she started
 to snort.  I think she was having an orgasm.  Now I was ready and was she.  I
stuck all 5.5 inches inside of her and started humping.  As I made love to her,
 I could swear that she was calling my name (Greg, oh ye Greg, screw me harder)
..  That's why I believe in reincarnation.  I came all over her tail, her snout,
 and her fat butt.  Danny never found out about this, but he tells me that
Angelina has lost interest in having sex with him because she has found her
true lover.  I've repeated this performance, and I currently training her how
to suck cock.  You're probably wondering how I could get a pig to suck my dick.
 Well, I just put some slop on it, and a little sugar and she sucks licks and
sucks on my Greek schlong.  And yes, she does swallow.  I think I'm in love.
One day I took her to my favorite hangout, Mickey's One Stop and bought her som
e fries.  Yeah you could call it our first date.  Boy when Mickey saw us, he
threw us out and called the police but it was worth it.  I've now found a new
girlfriend, but she doesn't satisfy me as well as angelina did.  I thinking of
calling it off and paying another visit to the farm.



