                      The Trouble with Dragonflies



	With one of her whispered, signature giggles, Katja finished the 
last fold of her origami butterfly and gently flicked it onto the 
linen of the banquet table before her.  It managed to float a few 
inches before tumbling, which was pretty good for one of her insects 
considering that she only had fancy napkins to work with.  Her brown 
eyes glanced over at me, alight with mirth and a few glasses of 
Riesling in the tenuous candlelight of the great, dimmed room.
	I couldn't help but smile.  Her spirit was contagious, as usual, 
and it was an effort to add a warning sternness in my expression to 
remind her to behave herself during the speech.  She folded her hands 
in the lap of her dress and quieted with the faintest flush of color 
gracing her.  Full and soft, her lips formed the silent words, "Sorry, 
sir".  I nodded and caught a hint of relief in her features.  Gazing 
around, I saw that the flight of her paper creation had been noticed 
by some of my smiling co-workers and their companions, but not by 
Nigel, my boss.
	His attention was instead focused on the stage set at the end of 
the large, U-shaped group of tables.  There, one of the execs stood at 
a spotlit podium and detailed the financial performance of the 
pharmaceutical firm over the last year in a breathy monotone.  Flanked 
by screens glowing with numbers and DNA helixes, he gave his 
presentation mostly for the benefit of the few stockholders who were 
at what was otherwise a very enjoyable company party.
	I sipped at my coffee and reclined as best as I could in the 
narrow 'designer' chair.  At my side, Katja waited with a forced 
patience as the VP droned on.  She liked these functions.  Social and 
engaging, she would mingle with the other employees more in two hours 
than I did in two weeks at work.  Her conversation was always direct, 
but sometimes biting and having a lack of diplomacy that had gotten us 
both into trouble at times.  It took a rare warning glance or pinch of 
her inner thigh under the table to keep her gracious in the pursuit of 
my co-workers' logical fallacies.  She had picked up quite a momentum 
trying to pin one of the gene people on medical ethics before the 
interrupting speeches had started, and so she was now fidgeting.
	She took her required silence with adorable discomfort.  I 
watched her sit with the straight and attentive posture that I had 
always insisted on, and the full swells of her bosom in the white lace 
of her Victorian blouse lured my attention away from the speech until 
it became a blurred and distant murmuring.  Together with her black 
choker and the high collar of the blouse, her neck was almost 
completely concealed.  Katja was a plump woman, but not overly so, and 
filled out her midnight blue skirt well.  Her eyes met my blatantly 
appraising gaze, and with a deepening tint to her cheeks, she lowered 
her eyes and pressed her chest subtly forward for a moment enough to 
make her breasts strain in the confines of her bodice in presentation 
to her master.
	A heat rose in my belly as my slacks felt tighter in the crotch.  
I licked at my lips and they felt drier.  Whether it was her generous, 
very female curves or the fear of being noticed in her face that 
ignited that familiar surge of delight I didn't know.  Her submission 
was ambrosia.  And it was purer and sweeter all the more being from 
her spontaneous will like this.  I watched the outlines of her 
stiffening nipples stretch the lacy fabric around the crests of her 
breasts.
	The waiting was good discipline for her.  Her best training came 
from the little services and exercises that she was made to do.  I 
gave her another one as she sat enduring the speech by setting my 
nearly empty coffee cup down next to her instead of in front of 
myself.  Responding with second nature, she refilled the cup from one 
of the decanters on the table without spilling a drop.  I smiled to 
her as I rubbed her thigh affectionately under the table, then felt 
her substantial legs slide apart under her skirt.  Another rush of 
heat flowed from my heart and loins as I felt myself sweat under my 
suit.  Her eyes returned to being respectfully downcast after she set 
the decanter down again.
	Enjoying the warmth of her soft lap under my stroking hand, I 
listened absently to the speech and looked around the table.  This 
year's gathering was the third one that I had taken Katja to.  It was 
held over the weekend in a convention room of the First Interstate 
Bank office tower in LA.  Art Deco was the theme here, from the 
dramatic Constructivist murals on the walls to the intricate 
chunkiness of the black and white napkin holders.  Sometimes I didn't 
know whether to be embarrassed or proud of the quirky city that I'd 
invited her to share with me.
	The speech seemed interminable.  Katja's fingers wandered again 
and found another napkin to fold up.  I watched her as uppity mischief 
flared in her dark amber eyes and smiled, wondering what she would 
make next.  Since she'd picked up an old book on the art a few months 
back, I'd come across everything from swans to little whips and 
paddles in the apartment.
	I pushed my hand deeper into the valley of her skirt between her 
thighs, and under cover of the tablecloth, felt my way upwards until 
her dress was snugged firmly against her loins.  Her eyes widened as 
her mouth formed a silent 'o'.  The look that she gave me was panicky 
at first, and her fingers came to rest in protective reflex next to 
mine.  She didn't dare cover herself, though, and they shivered 
slightly but came no further.  With a quiet breath, she stilled and 
blushed as I stroked over the front panel of her panties.
	She knew perfectly well, though, that there was not a lot that I 
could do to her under the circumstances.  With the faintest of 
giggles, she closed her thighs tightly around my hand, trapping it in 
folds of warmth.  Blinking from surprise, I laughed inside.  That was 
a dirty trick, as I couldn't just force my hand out without getting 
attention from others.  I could pinch her there, but that *would* make 
noise.  Wagging my free finger, I tusked at her.  Katja gave me the 
Big Round Eyes, but her expression was mixed with so much naughty 
delight that her intended saccharine Disney look only reminded me of 
what Bambi might look like after a few pots of coffee.
	She was not letting my hand go.  She was playing with her master, 
and the gentle warning of my reproachful finger was not reminding her 
of that strongly enough.  I picked up the paper insect that she had 
made earlier and twirled it.  It's motion caught her attention, and I 
leaned over to whisper in her ear, "This is a nicely done moth, pet".
	She quietly giggled as confusion caused her smile to fade a 
little.  Her whisper came back, "That was supposed to be a butterfly, 
sir".
	I held the origami by the tail and brushed it over a candle until 
one of its wing tips began to brown.
	"I think it's a moth".
	The soft grip on my hand stopped.  Katja took a low breath and 
mouthed a quiet, "Yes, master" as I eased my hand back from her 
thighs.
	After a little while, she silently returned to folding her next 
paper toy.  I watched the dragonfly come to life under her careful 
fingers.  She held it in both of her palms and showed it to me, maybe 
as an offering of appeasement.  I smiled to her and nodded my 
appreciation of its beauty then looked up at the stage as relieved 
applause started up at the end of the VP's speech.
	Katja seemed to want me to have her creation, and bringing her 
hands to her lips, gave it a gentle breath of air to send it towards 
my plate.  The tiny insect turned out to be better made than she had 
expected, though, and sailed past my eyes with perfect grace to land 
in the wine glass of my boss sitting next to me with a soft 'plop'.
	I stared at the foundering origami in astonishment as Katja's 
hand rose to cover her mouth.  Nigel was oblivious to it, clapping 
politely as the VP returned to his seat at the head table.  The paper 
bug drifted in tiny circles, ditched on a burgundy sea.  My pulse 
quickened as I saw the colored spatterings left on his shirt from its 
splashdown.
	If I could retrieve it before he saw it, all he would have is an 
unexplained stain to notice when he next visited the men's room.  I 
reached forward to grasp one of its antennae and pulled it from the 
glass.  The motion caught the corner of his eye, though, and he turned 
to look right at me as I held the dripping dragonfly.
	I smiled widely.
	His brow furrowed a bit as he asked in his English accent, "What 
is that"?
	Katja turned her face to hide it. 
	"This?", I said as my friends turned to look on.  "Ah.  This".
	"Yes, that".
	I held it up and felt my face glow hotly, then replied in a too-
calm voice, "It's an origami".
	Chuckles rose around me, then became laughs as people saw the 
red-stained dragonfly and the wine glass, and started to guess at what 
happened.  Even Nigel smiled until he saw his shirt.  Trying to ride 
with it as best as I could, I smiled good-naturedly as dipped a napkin 
in a water glass and offered it to him.  My boss took it and nodded as 
he brushed at the pink spots in the fabric.
	Katja spoke up in the softest of tones.  "That's mine, actually".
	"Is it?", he asked, looking from the paper bug to her.  "It's 
charming".
	The geneticist that Katja had been talking with piped, "Was that 
what you two were playing with"?
	An embarrassed chuckle rose from my throat as I nodded and rose 
from my chair.  "Heh.  Yes.  I'm sorry, Nigel.  Let me get some more 
napkins and a bit of soap before that sets".  I took hold of Katja's 
wrist firmly.
	She lowered her eyes and stood up at my side.  More giggles and 
questions drifted up from my curious co-workers.
	My boss shook his head and said with a dismissing wave, "That's 
all right, I'm sure that it will come out".
	"It'll just be a minute, really".
	I smiled to my friends, ignored their questions, and pulled Katja 
away from the table.  She followed as I wove our way past chatting 
clusters of employees, making a fist with her captured hand.  We left 
the large room through a pair of double doors and I marched her down a 
carpeted hallway, the sounds of the party becoming faded and distant 
behind us.
	Her whimper came softly, "Sir. . ."
	Nothing needed to be said in reply.  I was still hot from 
embarrassment and gripped her wrist tighter until she gasped in 
discomfort and held her tongue.  I pulled her along faster, making her 
hustle to keep pace.  When we passed the restrooms without slowing a 
step, I felt her arm tremble.
	The elevator alcove, lit with cool cones of illumination from 
recessed halogen lamps, was empty when we arrived.  I jabbed at the UP 
triangle on the wall and it glowed under my finger.  The convention 
room was on the third floor, putting the lobby and parking beneath us.  
Confusion set into the worried lines of Katja's downcast face as she 
saw the direction that we were taking.
	"Please", she gasped, pulling at my grip.  "I didn't mean to, 
sir".
	I yanked her back to my side roughly, then turned her to the side 
and pushed her wrist up into the small of her back.  She stifled a cry 
and stilled.
	Leaning close to her ear, I whispered, "Firstly, don't you pull 
away when I hold your arm, girl".
	She lowered her head and nodded.
	"Secondly, do you understand what you did wrong in there"?
	Her fingers fidgeted in her held hand as she swallowed hard.  A 
whimper rose from her throat, "Yes, master.  I blew my dragonfly into 
Nigel's drink and stained his shirt. . ."
	"Then that's all that needs to be said.  Now be quiet".
	She sniffled and nodded, her cheek so flushed that I could feel 
its heat radiating on my lips.  Silently, we waited for the elevator.  
I listened for approaching others, but only occasional voices and 
laughs drifted in from the main room.
	The brushed metal doors chimed and opened.  As it was a weekend 
night, it wasn't surprising that the elevator was empty.  I ushered 
Katja inside, following right behind her.  When the doors closed, I 
pressed a button for a random floor about 60 levels up.
	As the elevator began to move, she glanced up at the changing 
floor numbers and took a tremulous breath.  But I didn't intend on 
letting her have even the respite of waiting to get to the 
destination.
	"Grab the hand rail with both hands and bend over", I said.
	Katja took hold of the rail but only looked at me, exclaiming, 
"Sir!" with astonished eyes.
	I grasped her by the short hairs of the neck with one hand and 
pushed her into a bent-over position as roughly as she deserved for 
hesitating.  She cried out loudly.  With my other hand, I reached down 
and lifted the hem of her pleated skirt up over her back, baring the 
soft skin of her calves, then her large thighs, and finally her light-
blue panty briefs.  Her underwear was stretched tautly over her full 
bottom from her stance, and dimpled up the middle between her cheeks.
	A lance of lust went through me and blended headily with my anger 
as I rubbed my palm all over her round, quivering ass.  She closed her 
eyes and whimpered, then spread her thighs and tilted her bottom up 
into the air as she was trained to.  My cock surged to stiffness.  
Such a good girl, I thought, even when bad!
	I ran my fingers along the underside of her waistband, then 
roughly tugged her panties off of her rear until it was stretched 
between her thighs in a few quick pulls.  She moaned as her hands 
gripped the railing harder, shivering in her humiliating position.  I 
knew that if someone by chance wanted to get on the elevator along the 
way, I could lower her skirt and pull her to standing as it slowed.  
That hadn't seemed to occur to her or hadn't mattered, as her face was 
bright red as her rump was about to be.
	A few more floors went by as I firmly rubbed her soft globes in 
preparation.  She sniffled, softly crying even before she was struck.  
I raised my hand above her vulnerable cheeks, paused for a moment as 
she braced herself, then cracked my palm upon her skin hard.  She 
started and grunted loudly, moaning as the heat spread from the pink 
blotch on her alabaster rump.
	I rested one of my hands on her shoulder and stood a little more 
to her side.  Katja took quick breaths and kept her ass properly up 
for more.  She received it as I rapidly spanked her twice more, once 
on each bun.  Yelps leapt from her and the knuckles of her fingers 
whitened.
	"Careless!  Naughty Katja!", I scolded as I peppered her 
reddening ass.  She sobbed, her thighs shaking as her bottom tautened 
up and quivered in a dance of hurt.  Her cries burst forth louder at 
the words, and she pushed her bottom up higher, as if offering it in 
return for forgiveness.
	My shaft felt so hard in my pants that needle pricks of pain came 
from where it was pulling at my pubic hairs as it stiffened.  I rubbed 
a her heated ass all over, working blood up into the heated skin, then 
spanked harshly at the undersides of her rump.  She pitched forward 
where she stood, her weeping interrupted by gasps as her rump flesh 
lifted and rippled after each blow.
	Katja was sensitive, and could take about three dozen spanks
before safewording when I first collared her.  Since then, she had been
carefully trained to bear twice that.  It was better that way in any case,
as I only had about 10 seconds left.  I spent it in a terrible crescendo
of smacks on her inflamed and punished backside, my palm aching.  Her
screams sounded strained through her clenched teeth, and her flowing tears
caused strings of her hair to cling to her cheeks as it hung down and
veiled her reddened face.
	The elevator slowed, and Katja burbled, "Master. . ." as I pulled 
up her panties just to the bottom of her rump.  She jumped, yelping as 
I let the waistband snap against her burnished ass.  I let her skirt 
fall back down over her legs and took hold of her wrist. 
	"Straighten up, girl", I said, and this time she obeyed without 
hesitation, letting go of the railing.
	The doors opened onto another, lonely alcove, the lights dimmed 
for efficiency.  I pulled her wrist behind her back again and urged 
her out.  She stumbled forward, sniffling and walking awkwardly from 
the constricting panties stretched between her thighs.
	I guided her down one hall, past darkened offices with attorney's 
names on lacquered plaques, to the men's room.  After glancing inside, 
I pushed the door open and moved her through it.  Motion-sensitive 
lights came on and revealed white porcelain and forest-green tile.  
With a nudge forward, I released Katja's wrist.
	"Stand at that counter by the sink and bend over it, tart", I 
ordered.  My dear slave looked at me, bleary eyes imploring.  My loins 
felt moist as I felt a squirt of pre-cum jetted warmly into my 
stretched briefs.  I straightened and said, "Now"!  Katja's flushed 
body shivered and she shuffled to the tiled counter.  She took in a 
deep breath, then lowered her torso over it, the pressure making her 
large bosom spread softly under her.  
	The stainless steel trash bins had fresh linings, so the cleaning 
crew had already been here.  I looked over the door to figure out a 
way to lock it.  Katja's soft crying rose up behind me, echoing in the 
room.  Without looking back at her I said, "Get yourself ready to be 
fucked".  Her moan came tremulously.
	I pulled off my shoe and knelt down to wedge its tip under the 
door, then packed it in tight with a few pushes to prevent 
interruptions from some late worker.  Turning, I walked back over to 
Katja, who had lifted her skirt up over her back and was gingerly 
pulling down her panties further from her bright rose ass.
	Impatiently batting her hands away, I quickly slid her panties 
down her legs, then pulled them off.  She gasped, "Sir. . !" to my 
reflection in the mirror in front of her.  I then grabbed her wrists 
and forced a grunt from her as I crossed them behind her back.  
Working quietly, I tied them together with her big pair of panties.
	Katja's breathing sped up as she spread her thighs and pushed her 
punished bottom upwards where it was perched on the edge of the 
counter.  I gazed over her and swallowed hard, aching in my briefs.  
Every instant that I wasn't buried in her brown-furred mound that 
winked between her plump legs added to an accumulating madness that 
had started with the first teasing swing to her walk tonight.
	But it wasn't perfect, not yet.  I reached under her and tugged 
open the buttons to her lacy blouse with an urgent efficiency.  Her 
reflection looked up at me through her shrouding hair and she arched 
to give her master more access to her front.  I pulled her blouse open 
and reached into the warmth within.  Her eyes closed as she groaned, 
and my fingers worked under her bra and roughly scooped her breasts 
out of it, sinking deeply into her soft flesh.  Already puckered 
tautly, her wide aureolae were warm and bumpy.  I let her bosom go 
after a firm kneading and pressed her torso back down to the counter.  
A sharp gasp rushed from her as her bared breasts flattened against 
the cool bathroom tile.
	I slid my hands back along her sides and stroked her bottom, 
enjoying the warmth of her red skin.  My fingers then went after my 
belt and unfastened it, and I saw her flush as my buckle tinkled 
metallically.  After my slacks fell to the floor around my feet, I 
slid off my underwear, which had a wet spot of pre-cum on the front.  
Katja moaned as she lifted her head up to see my turgid cock as it 
bounced up stiffly against my tummy, freed from the constricting 
briefs.  The cool air felt wonderful in my heated crotch.
	She closed her eyes and panted lowly, "Master. . . "
	Grasping her by the soft folds of her rear, I snugged my bare 
loins against her, pressing the shaft of my cock between her buns.  
The enveloping velvet of her ass cheeks thrilled me, and I gasped in 
delight as I slid my glistening, wet glans down towards her legs.  She 
shivered and lay her head against the countertop, trying to push her 
bottom back against my member. 
	Taking a steadying breath, I gently spread her rear cheeks widely 
apart, revealing her tiny pink pucker and the swell of her mound 
fully.  She made fists of her bound hands and blushed further as I 
watched her skin stretch slightly around her anus from the spreading.  
Faint glimmerings of moisture winked from where her honey brimmed in 
the cleft of her cunny, and I guided my cock tip to press at her 
tender folds.
	She tensed, bracing.  I pressed forward and drove myself into her 
in a single, awful thrust, stuffing her instantly with hardened male.  
My dear Katja wailed and arched as I pushed aside the inner walls of 
her compact womanhood, cramming her until my nest of pubic hair 
snugged into her backcrack.
	A tsunami of relief washed over me as I finally felt the 
welcoming heat of her wet loins.  I groaned loudly and fought not to 
cum with all of my effort, wanting her too much to stop now.  With 
rough, animal thrusts, I pushed my cock in and out of her, bucking her 
against the tile.  Her moisture flowed around my cock, seeping faster.
	Katja mewled long and low, her moans punctuated by sharp gasps 
each time my cock slid home and the tip bumped against the deep, tight 
ring of her cervix.  My hips slapped rhythmically against her buns and 
made them ripple.  With her tiptoes, she pushed her rear up to meet 
me, and I bent further over her shaking body.
	Gripping her tightly around her front, I mated my slave with 
abandon, my own back arching as I felt prickles of sweat break out all 
over me.  I pulled her back onto my cock as hard as I drove it into 
her, groaning,  reaming her soft folds until her honey smeared slickly 
over my tummy and thighs.
	Between gulps for air I gasped, "Uhhhr. . .my Katja. . .my 
fuckfluff!!"
	She rolled her hips back up against my churning cock, her cunny 
swelling puffy and red where she was stretched around me.  Her murmurs 
were almost incoherent mixed with her low sobs, only 'ohs' and 'sirs' 
coming through over the moist noises of my taking her.
	Under her, my hands sought out her nipples and rolled them 
tightly between my fingers.  She cried out and bucked immediately, 
lifting the both of us up from the counter a few inches before losing 
momentum and thumping back down.
	Using her breasts as handholds, I slid along her sweltering 
nether passage faster and faster until I was making love to her at a 
feverish, furious tempo, almost hyperventilating from the exertion.  
My sweat stained my shirt, making it stick to me and darken, and 
covered her quivering ass with a glistening sheen from my rubbing 
against her.   I felt my rump tighten into twin, achingly hard packs.
	My cum boiled up out of the reservoirs in my balls and squirted 
into her in rapid pulses, astonishing me with its suddenness.  I 
moaned in loud, repeating "UUH" sounds, shaking behind her as I seeded 
her with spurt after spurt.  The hot wet spread thickly through her 
and made my passage in her body soddenly smooth and slick.  She 
groaned as my fingers sank into her soft breasts roughly and kept her 
still until she had taken every drop.
	Heat coursed through me and my flushed face felt as if it were on 
fire.  My orgasm faded only slowly, and as it did, my hold on her 
eased and I stroked her sides with almost delirious affection.
	"Ahhh. . .dear pet. . .", I breathed.
	Katja coughed, then said hoarsely, "Master. . .ohhhhh. . .I am 
sorry, sir".
	I nodded and leaned down to kiss her cheek.  She turned her head 
and brushed her lips against my chin.
	"You. . .uhhrr. . .are you going to watch where you toss things 
more carefully, precious pet?"
	She moaned, "Yes, master, I swear"!
	Licking down the side of her neck, I shivered.  My cock eased 
moistly out of her, purple-red and dribbling onto the floor.  Catching 
my breath, I paused and said, "Good.  Good girl.  If you have learned, 
you are forgiven".
	Katja sucked in a deep gasp as I left her, squeezing her eyes 
shut.  She let it out in a long moan of relief.
	The sweat began to cool on my body as I worked loose the knot of 
her panties around her wrists.  Removing them, I rubbed at her 
forearms.  She lifted her head and gazed up at me with exhausted, 
honey eyes.  I kissed her on her forehead and said, holding up her 
panties, "When we get home, you will earn these back by cleaning me 
with your mouth".
	She licked at her lips and nodded as I stuffed them into my 
pocket.  
	"Good girl.  Now get up and straighten yourself".
	Katja complied, rising shakily back to her feet and lowering her 
skirt over her legs.  I tugged the shoe out from under the door and 
put it back on.  After running a comb through my hair and rubbing my 
face with some cool water, I made sure that Katja had done the same.
	Looking warmly down at her, I buttoned up the front of her 
blouse, stroked it smooth, then kissed her in a long, soft embrace.  
She cuddled tightly against me, lifting her mouth up into the kiss.
	"Let's go", I said quietly, and took her by the elbow to escort 
her out.  Katja stayed close by my side as we walked towards the door.  
Just as I reached to open it, I paused.
	Her expression turned anxious for a moment and she whispered, 
"Sir. . ."?
	I walked back to the sink, pulled out a few paper towels, and 
moistened them.  She stood watching, slipping her hands behind her 
back.  After putting a little dollop of soap on each one, I came back 
to her and took her by the hand.
	"For Nigel", I said, and kissed her on her cheek as we left.
