Drake's Revenge 
by Wren
c 1994

     "...And last, three cups of chilled cow mucus?  Yuck, where am
I gonna get...oh ice cream!"  Drake scooped the required amount of
Jen and Berry's into his potion.  He had been taking a
correspondence course in black magic for several weeks now.  This
potion would be his final project.  All he had to do was test the
potion on something and send the results to Sally Slithers for his
degree!
     "Once I'm a full fledged wizard, maybe I can get some respect
around here," he said to himself as he whipped his potion with a
blender.  He took off his black rimmed eye-glasses and wiped the
sweat from his brow.  He was a strange looking creature.  Lisa
Locus, the captain of the high school volley ball team often made
fun of him and sometimes pushed him around.  He was pitifully thin
and was sporting long black dread-locks--his attempt to make his
curly hair look more wizard-like.  Lisa often called him "Owl-Boy"
because of his big round black rimmed eyeglasses.
     He talked to himself as he poured the potion into a thermos,
"Ha, all I have to do now is give this stuff to a lab animal, wait
and see what happens, and then send the result to the head witch. 
Then I'll get a big book of spells and I can get revenge on
everyone, especially that neanderthal Lisa!"  He adjusted his black
tie, which was barely visible next to his black shirt, black
slacks, and black lab coat.  He was certainly dressed for black
magic.  One thing still puzzled him though, "I wonder just what
this spell is supposed to do.  Oh well, I guess I'll just give it
to some poor animal and then send to critter to Sally Slithers."

     Lisa yawned as she punched the buttons on her remote.  She
stopped to watch a Sally Slithers correspondence school commercial,
which reminded her of that weirdo Drake Dragar.  Just the thought
of him made her laugh.
     "Hahahaha!  What a freak!  Mr. Wizard...Ha!  More like Mr.
Lizard!  Hmm, I wonder what he's doing right now?"  Lisa thought as
the info-mercial started to repeat itself.  She always had so much
fun teasing poor Drake.  He was just so weird.  And since she was
a muscular 6'1" girl and he was a thin 5'7" boy, he was like a toy
to her.  She greatly enjoyed tackling him and pinning him to the
ground in front of everyone.  Sometimes she worried that she
enjoyed pouncing on him too much.  She actually liked to feel his
small warm body underneath her, squirming to get loose.  Her C-cup
bosom would touch his chest as she leaned over to pin down his arms
and stare deeply into his eyes as she laughed in his face.  Her
nipples would then suddenly harden at the sensation of Drake's
pounding heart and frightened gasps for air.  This arousal would
always
surprise her and she'd stand up, allowing Drake to scurry off like
a scared little mouse escaping the paws of a hungry lion.
     Now that she thought about it, she liked the idea that she was
a fierce cat hunting the mousy Drake.  She always had the most fun
when he was most surprised by her attack--and since she had nothing
else to do, she began plotting when she would pounce on him again. 
She couldn't really pin him at school anymore because it was
becoming just as embarrassing for her as it was for him.  If she
pounced on him while he was alone, then she could keep him down for
as long as she wanted.  And with no one around to save him he is
sure to be in pure terror when I pounce.  Her own heart pounded as
she imagined how much his would pound as he begged her to let him
go.  But where could she find him alone, with no parents or anyone
else?
     "His laboratory!"  she shouted, and immediately jumped out of
bed.  She buttoned up her red blouse, tucked it into her denim
shorts and grabbed her car keys before she went out the door.

     "Hi...I'm taking your black magic correspondence course, and
I was wondering what animal would be best to test my potion on. 
...It's Potion Exam #4321, form B."  Drake got out a pad and pencil
and listened to Sally Slithers' response.  "A cow!  Where the hell
am I supposed to find a cow?  ...No no, Mrs. Slithers, I didn't
mean to yell, it's just that cows are kind of expensive, is there
any other alternative? ...Oh, any female mammal?  Well, what
exactly am I supposed to send back? ...I mean besides my tuition?  
...The unused portion (if any) of the potion and what else? ...I'll
know it when I see it?  Could you be more specific? <click>"
     "Darn pay phone!  Oh well, when I get my magic book I can
conjure up enough money to pay my phone bill at the laboratory." 
Drake got back into his rusty black volkswagen beetle and drove to
a pet store.  He bought a guinea-pig and then headed back to the
laboratory.
     On the way, he thought about all the times she tackled him in
public.  He remembered the spandex shorts hugging her firm muscular
legs as they pinned down his hips.  Sweat would drip from her
volley ball jersey as she leaned forward to pin his arms to the
ground.  Her soft black braids would cover the sides of his face,
shielding his view of the dozens laughing at him.  Lisa's own
menacing laugh made his heart pound out of his chest as her wild
eyes declared her power over him.
     Even though it was very embarrassing, he had to admit that it
was very exciting when Lisa pinned him. When she let him up, he
would run to safety in an empty hall and lean against the wall to
catch his breath.  He was thankful that she had never pinned him
long enough to feel just how "excited" he had gotten.  Being such
a shy person, this ordeal always left him physically and
emotionally drained.
     Drake took the thermos and the guinea-pig cage out of his car
and walked toward the laboratory door.  As he walked, he mumbled to
himself, "Ha, you wait Lisa.  I'll show you who's boss when I get
my magic book.  I'll figure out fitting punishments for everyone
and then I cast spells on all of them!  Revenge will be mine!" 
Drake chuckled as he reached the door and found that it was already
open.
     "Oops, forgot to lock it again," he said as he set the cage
down on the floor and locked the door behind him.  When he turned
back around he felt a hand grab his arm and strongly yank him into
the far corner.
     He nearly dropped his thermos as he saw who it was that
grabbed him and now cornered him putting her hands on the walls to
either side of him.
     "L-L-Lisa!?!" he stammered in shock,  "W-W-What are you doing
here?"
     "I just came to check on that little revenge project you were
working on," she smiled an evil grin.
     "Revenge project?"
     "Oh come on Owl-Boy, you really didn't think I didn't know
about your plan to cast spells on all of us?  Everyone at school
knows you're into that stupid Sally Slithers crap!"
     "I-I don't know what you're talking about.  Now please leave,
you're trespassing you know!"
     "Who's gonna make me?...You?"  she grabbed him, threw him to
the ground and pinned him like she had done so many times in the
past.  As she had anticipated, Drake was in terror.  Now that she
had broken into his lab and ruffed him up a little, he would never
feel safe anywhere ever again.  He was so scared Lisa could feel
his whole body throb each time his heart pounded.  She also noticed
a throbbing underneath her crotch as she sat on his middle.
     "Gee Drake, I didn't know you cared!" she said jeeringly.
     Realizing what she was talking about just made his heart pound
even harder.  "Let me go!"  he whimpered.
     Lisa was thoroughly enjoying his fear and anxiety.  She had
never seen such energy come out of anyone.  She wondered if she
could get him excited enough to faint--then she could figure out
something else fun to do with his limp body.  She tried to pin his
arms down in the usual way, but she couldn't because he had a death
grip on his thermos.
     "What's so important about this thermos anyway?"  Lisa finally
got it away from Drake.  She unscrewed the cap and licked it to
determine what was inside.
     "Nooo don't!" Drake begged, while reaching up for the thermos.
Lisa slid forward and pinned his arms down with her knees.
     "Mmmm ice cream!  So Mr. Lizard didn't want to share his treat
with me eh?  That's not very nice!"
     Lisa quickly gulped down the entire contents of the thermos.
     "Nooo!  My potion!  I'll never get my degree now!"  Drake
began squirming underneath his captor at the thought that all of
his plans for revenge were ruined just when Lisa had become meaner
than ever.
     "That's more like it,"  Lisa thought, "he'll soon wear himself
out and then I can really do some damage.  I might even force him
to be my own personal servant."
     As she watched him writhe underneath her she felt some
pressure in her chest but ignored it.  She then leaned forward to
so she could laugh her menacing laugh right into his face, but she
noticed that her chest touched his a little sooner than it should
have.  When she leaned back, she felt her bra digging into her skin
and looked down to see that her C-cup breasts had now swelled to D-
cup size.
     "Oh my god, my tits are bigger!  What was in that thermos?"
     "I don't know!"
     "What do you mean you don't know??!"
     "The Potion Exam was to see if I could follow directions!  I
don't find out the outcome until I test it on a female mammal!"
     They both gasped as they noticed that Lisa's breasts were now
visibly swelling.
     "Make them stop!"  Lisa screamed as she grabbed Drake's neck
and began banging his head against the floor.
     "Ow!  I can't!  Ow!  I don't...Ow!...know how...Ow!"
     "Oh god, this hurts!" Lisa moaned as her breasts, which looked
like large melons stretched the small bra tighter.  She reached her
arms back but the hooks broke with a loud POP right before she got
to them.
     "Let me up!" Drake begged because he could feel the extra
weight of her breasts as her crotch began to grind into his.  Lisa
didn't notice his pleas because she now saw that without the
confinement of the bra her breasts were swelling even faster. 
Breast-flesh began to seep out through the space between the
buttons in her now tight red blouse.  With each breath she took her
chest pulled the blouse higher and higher until it was completely
untucked from her shorts.
     "I'm getting huge!  What's happening to me?!?" she moaned as
she lifted up her tits, which now looked as if she'd smuggled two
volley balls from school in her blouse.  "They're filling up with
something...oh god I can feel my skin stretching...help Drake!"
     Lisa moaned and arched her back as her breasts swelled to
basketball size.  "POP!...Oh!...POP!...OH!...POP!...OOHH!!!"  Lisa
gasped after each of the remaining three buttons went sailing
across the laboratory and bounced off the walls.  When her blouse
opened the limp bra fell on Drake's face and her breasts swung
free.  She jiggled them with her hands and could feel the fluid rushing
inside them, making her tits grow bigger and bigger.
     Drake was about to wriggle free when Lisa leaned forward on
top of him--her beach ball sized boobs were too heavy for her to
sit up.  Her nipples got hard instantly when she felt his heart
pounding against her bare skin.  Drake could barely move as her
tits expanded on top of his chest.
     He tried to yell, "Get off!" just as the swelling boobs
covered his mouth.  "Mmft mmf!" was all that came out.
     "Unnngh, they're too heavy!" Lisa groaned as her hands pushed
against the ground to lift her tits off of him.  She could hear the
fluid swishing inside her breasts as they jiggled on top of the
struggling Drake.  She finally managed to lean back and sit up to
free her prisoner.  "Stop fooling around under there and help
me!.....Oh no!" Lisa gasped as she saw that even though she was
sitting up, her bean bag sized tits still covered Drake's torso,
and his flailing arms and legs were rapidly disappearing under her
mounds of flesh.
     "Drake!  Are you okay?!?"
     "Mmmff!  Mmff Mmff! Mmmmmff!" was all she could hear.
     "Oh god I'm killing him!" she thought as she felt the moist
suction on her skin as Drake's mouth gasped for air.
     "Oohh noo!  Look at me!  My tits are getting huge!  Will they
ever stop?!?"  Her attention turned from Drake to her own massive
"problems" as they rapidly ballooned.  She felt her arms being
pushed away as she rubbed the sides of her giant boobs.  She was
lifted off the ground into a standing position as her breasts
swelled from 2ft to 4ft to 6ft high and 4ft to 8ft to 10ft in front
of her.
     "Somebody help me!  Ow!  They're getting too full!  I'm gonna
pop!!" Lisa screamed as she felt her skin stretch tighter and
tighter.  Her mountainous orbs were now knocking over lab benches
and equipment as her nipples approached the opposite wall and her
tits approached the ceiling fans.
     "Drake?"  A tear rolled down her cheek as she realized that
Drake had stopped moving and screamed even louder, "Nooo!  Drake! 
Somebody help us!  Please! Somebo...Ow!"  Her skin felt very tight
now and her breasts sounded like balloons rubbing together as they
filled up even more.
     Just then, the lab TV came on and a chubby blonde with a wart
on her nose appeared on the screen.  It was Sally Slithers! 
"Drake!  Wake up and get out here!"
     Hearing these words, Drake finally regained consciousness and
saw that had survived by rolling into the valley between Lisa's
twin peaks.  He crawled out and turned around just in time to see
Lisa's feet raise off the ground about 6 inches.
     "Oh my god...Lisa..."  he said and his jaw dropped open.  He
got turned on so fast that it hurt.
     "Wow...ow!" he mouthed just as Sally barked at him.
     "Drake!  I have the final instructions to complete your
project."
     "Drake you're okay!....Unnnngh!  Help me Drake!  I'm gonna
pop!  Ow, the pressure!" moaned Lisa as she clung to her tits as
best she could.  A broken ceiling fan crashed to the floor as Lisa
was lifted several more inches off the ground.
     "You've got to drain the fluid!" barked Sally.
     Drake immediately ran to the side of one giant tit and groaned
as he pressed his back against it, trying to squeeze it with all
his strength.
     He had almost disappeared into the giant pillow when Sally
barked, "Not like that stupid!  You've got to suck!"
     Drake went around to the nipples and licked in a circle around
one of them.  "Ooooo" Lisa moaned at the moist caressing tongue as
her nipples hardened to a length of 3 feet.
     "I think I'm gonna like this," Drake and Lisa said in unison
as he wrapped his mouth around the end of the pulsating nipple.
     "Suck!  Suck!  Suck!"  Sally and Lisa chanted as Drake sucked
with all his might.  But nothing happened.
     "Suck!  Suck!  Suck!"  The women chanted again as Drake
frantically sucked on the other nipple as the mountainous boobs
came within 2 feet of the wall.
     "It didn't work?"  He said as he gasped for air--ducking from
in front of the nipples just as they hit the wall.
     "Just wait!"  Sally barked as poor Lisa's dangling body
disappeared from sight, her tits pinning her against the wall
opposite from her nipples.  Sure enough, the growth finally
stopped.
     "Are you alright?" asked Drake.
     "I think so...but what am I going to do?  I can't go anywhere
like this!  I'm a freak dangling from a pair of bloated house-sized
hooters!" Lisa sobbed.  "If only I hadn't been so mean to you, none
of this would have happened.  I'm sorry I pinned you to the ground
like that...but in a funny way, I did it because I like you."  Lisa
began weeping.
     "Don't worry...we'll figure something out."  Drake said as he
tried to give a reassuring hug to the side of one giant tit.  As
his
ear touched her skin, he heard a strange rumbling.
     "Oh my!  Oh! Oh! OH!" Lisa said as the rumbling grew so loud
it shook the whole lab building.  "Oh no!  I...they...they're gonna
explode!  Unnngh!"  Lisa screamed as her skin made a stretching
sound.  Drake had backed away when suddenly the rumbling paused for
a second, then the earth rumbled as two jet like streams of milk
shot out of Lisa's nipples.  She moaned in ecstasy as the pressure
was finally released and her boobs rapidly shrunk.  The jets were
so strong that they kept her pinned against the wall until the last
few drops leaked from her nipples.
     Drake caught her when she finally fell and he smiled as he
looked deep into her eyes, noticing the ordeal had left her with
DD-sized breasts.  Then he realized that he wasn't strong enough to
hold a girl her size and they both collapsed onto the ground. 
Embarrassed by his weakness, Drake stood up and walked away
mumbling, "I've made a mess of things.  Now you have a good reason
to be mean to me.  I guess it's back to business as usual..." 
His mumbling was cut short as he was tackled to the ground.
     "I should've seen it coming, she's going to pound my face in"
Drake thought, and shivered in anticipation while she popped her
knuckles.  He closed his eyes as she pinned his arms down with her
knees and then pounded his face...with kisses!  Her naked breasts
weighed heavily on his chest and he was surprised when he opened
his eyes to see her beautiful smile mouth the words, "Business as
usual...almost"
     "I guess my work here is done," barked Sally as the embracing
couple ignored her, "your degree and magic book are in the mail." 
Grinning slyly as she pauses to watch the happy lovers, she thinks,
"Hmph, some revenge...just wait til he sees my penalty for late
tuition fees..."

The End...for now
