A Dream Date
by Monique

******

     As you stand there looking at me, I know it is hard for you to
believe your eyes.  Standing in front of you is one of the most beautiful
and seductive females you have ever seen.  Let me tell you how she got
that way.
     As soon as I left the bar last night, I knew that I was in trouble.
Big trouble.  As many times as I have worn a bra under my shirt, that was
the first time that anyone had detected it, and I mean, ANYONE.
     It didn't seem as though I had any choice but to accept your
invitation for a date.  I would have risked immediate exposure if I
hadn't.  I knew that you wouldn't keep your mouth shut if I say `no' to
your `invitation.'
     So, the first thing this morning, I call Sammy, the guy that runs the
beauty shop two doors down from my apartment, and ask him if he could `do
me' late this afternoon.  He knew what `do me' meant.  He had `done me'
just last Halloween before I went to a costume party, and he got such a
thrill out of it, I was sure that he would do it again.  (You see, one way
Sammy gets his kicks is making beautiful females out of males.  He really
gets off on that. In fact, last Halloween, just as he was finishing, he
DID get off, right there in front of me!)
     Sammy looked at his calendar and said his last appointment was at
3:00 this afternoon.  He said he would close his shop, and for me to be
there just after 3:00.  I told him I would.  He said, "Come in drag.  I
want you to run the risk of getting caught!" I told him `no', I couldn't
come out like that, but when he said he would not `do me' if I didn't, I
had to give in to him.
     I've spent almost this entire day getting ready for you.  After I
hung up the phone from talking with Sammy, the first thing I did was shave
my entire body, except for my shoulder-length hair.  When I finished
shaving, I put Nair all over me to get rid of any stubble that might be
left.  I didn't think you would want your date to have any body hair
showing any place.  After I waited about 20 minutes for the Nair to work,
I took a big, long bubble bath to make my hairless skin real soft for you.
     On completing my bath, I applied a real feminine-smelling body lotion
to soften my skin even more.  Then I polished my toenails and fingernails
in a bright red, which would match my lipstick.  Then, after much thought,
I went and got the artificial breast forms.  I didn't really want to wear
them because of the pain that was caused when they were removed.  I had
only worn them once before, and I promised myself at that time that I
would never put them on again.  But, here I was, doing it anyway.
     The breast forms were very special.  About two years ago, I worked in
a lab for a local hospital where there were experimenting on artificial
skin, to be used for patients who had been scarred by burns.  They had
developed it to where you could not tell but what it was the patient's
real skin.  It was extremely thin, thinner that a piece of aluminum foil,
and was as flexible as it could be.  It had pores, so the real skin could
still breathe and sweat in a normal manner.   The only bad thing about it
was that it was applied with a special cement which did not break down for
about six months.  Otherwise, you had to pull it off, which pulled on your
own skin.
     After they developed the artificial skin, it was only a small step to
combine that with breasts for patients who had undergone radical
masectomies.  The one unit of skin and breasts ran all the way from the
waist to the top of the shoulders, and all the way around the front half
of the body.  I had been given one of the prototypes by my boss as a
souviner of the project.  Without him knowing it, I had taken some of the
body cement so that I could actually use them.
     So I got the cement and the breasts and skin and layed down on the
bed.  I took the cement and painted my upper body from my waist to my
shoulders, and then positioned the breasts over my nipples and smoothed
out all of the skin, both below the breasts and up to my neck and
shoulders.  The breasts were really beautiful, a perfectly formed `C' cup,
with nipples that were constantly hard.  It almost made me hard just to
lie there and look at them while the cement was drying, which didn't take
long.
     As I stood up and looked at myself in the mirror, I had the upper
body of a beautiful female.  Only my male organ, now sticking straight
out, gave away my true sex.  I tried to forget about it so it would go
down.
     I went and got my black satin corset with the red piping around the
top and the bottom.  It had a quarter bra at the top which did nothing but
push the breasts up and out, and it had eight garters at the bottom.
Although it looked very sofy and feminine, it was heavily boned and was
made to literally shape the figure to an hour-glass form.  It laced in the
front and as I pulled the laces together, I could feel my body changing
shape.  My waist was being cinched in very tight, and the top and bottom
of me was getting bigger.
     When I got through with the lacing, my breasts were barely inside the
quarter bra they had been pushed up and out so much, and I was really
sticking out in the back, just like a sexy female.
     I sat down to put on my sheer black silk stockings which I was going
to wear tonite, and as I fastened the eight garters, I could feel them
tugging on my stockings all the way around.  I slipped into some red
leather sandals which had only two tiny straps across the toes, and a thin
ankle strap in the back.
     The heels were only 3" high, but they were really spiked, and it was
difficult for me to walk in them.  (I had practiced a lot walking in the
5" heels that I would be wearing tonite, but hadn't worn these much at
all.) There was so little support from the two tiny straps.  It felt like
I was walking on my tiptoes all the time.
     I went to the bathroom and teased and brushed out my shoulder-length
hair.  I pulled a little bit of hair down on my forehead to give me some
bangs, and fluffed it all up real good to give me a feminine look.  Then I
pinned an artifical carnation on the side.  I lined my lips with a bright
red liner and filled in with a bright red wet-look lipstick. I clipped
some red button earrings on each ear and put on a red bracelet.
     It was almost 3:00 o'clock so I slipped into a tight-fitting red silk
blouse and buttoned it up the front.  It was almost too tight because you
could plainly see the outline of my nipples sticking out, but I thought
Sammy would like that.
     I put on my panties, the sheer black bikinis that had the ties on
the sides, and they really made me feel sexy.  I just knew that you were
going to be pleased with the way I would look tonight.
     I stepped into a black, straight skirt and zipped it up on the side.
It was tight enough to show my behind sticking out, but not too tight to
be uncomfortable.  I grabbed a red leather shoulder bag, put my lipstick
and money in it, and left for the beauty parlor.
     It felt funny walking down the hallway of the apartment building in
those spindly high heels.  I could barely tell that I had them on, they
were so light, but I knew I was in heels because every once in a while, I
would wobble a little as I took a step.
     As I got on the elevator, I almost tripped but I caught myself before
I fell.  The elevator was empty except for one lady and a little girl.  As
the elevator started down, the little girl tugged on the lady's skirt and
said, "Mommie, mommie, I want you to polish my toenails like that lady has
hers.", pointing to my feet.
     Her mother came back, "Sally, that's no lady.  That's a man dressed
up to look like a woman.  Didn't you see that he tripped in those high
heels as he was getting in the elevator?  I guess he wants to be a female.
It looks like he has gone to a lot of trouble to fool people.  He won't
fool very many though, until he learns how to walk better in high heels.
He should have worn flats."
     I was so humiliated that I could die.  I wasn't 30 feet from my
apartment and I had been `made', by someone I didn't even know!  They got
out of the elevator a few floors down, and as she left, she said,
"Sweetie, you be careful in those heels, or you will break one of those
pretty legs, ok?" I was devastated by her last remark.
     My heart just fell.  What if I did fall and hurt myself.  Maybe I
shouldn't go through with this.  But then, I thought of the consequences
if I didn't, and they would be far worse, so I continued.
     I was very careful as I stepped from the elevator and out on to the
street.  Thank goodness, there was nobody around, and I only had two
buildings to cross to get to the beauty shop.
     When I got to the door, Sammy was waiting to let me in.  He put the
`CLOSED' sign in the window and locked the door.  Then, he escorted me
back to the back.  He complimented me on how well I looked, especially
with the flower in my hair, and he noticed my figure too.  I told him I
was already dressed for tonight, except for my evening gown, shoes and
purse.  I would put those on when I got back to the apartment.
     He asked me to tell him specifically what I would be wearing tonight.
He wanted to make sure that my hair and makeup complemented my dress.  I
told him that I would be wearing a black and white evening gown, black at
the top and white from the waist down.  He wanted to know exactly how it
was made.
     I had to tell him that it was strapless, very low cut which would
expose a lot of my breasts if I removed the little short, bolero cape I
would be wearing over the top.
     I told him the skirt was rather provacative.  It was straight and
tight, and that it was split to the thighs in both the front and the back,
making me have to stand all the time.  If I sat down, it would fall away
on both sides, exposing virtually all of my legs.  I really felt naked
when it did that.  Like I had nothing on.  And since the skirt was white,
and I was wearing sheer black stockings, my legs would stand out even more
against the white background.
     He wanted to know how low the top was cut, and I told him it just
barely came up over my nipples.  All the top of my breasts was exposed if
I removed my jacket.  He though that was real sexy, and said that I surely
should remove my jacket during some part of the evening, just to give my
date a thrill.
     I thought about what you would do when you saw my breasts exposed
like that.  It kind of made me shudder.  With very little effort on your
part, my gown could be slid down, exposing practiclly all of the breasts.
The bra on the corset didn't cover much at all.
     When we got to the back of the shop, he opened a door that led into a
big private room.  It was completely equipped with a chair, sink, hair
dryer, etc.  He asked me again, "Do you want the `works' this afternoon?"
I responded with a timid "Yes, please.  I want to be as beautiful and
seductive as I can for my date."
     Sammy said, "Well, you will have to do everything that I say.  Are
you ready to do that?" And I responded, "Yes, I guess so."
     With that, he asked me to take a seat in the chair.  He went over to
the wall and flipped a switch and turned and said, "Since you are getting
the `works', you will receive a video tape of the entire transformation.
There is no extra charge for it.  I do it every time I give the `works'."
And he came back over behind the chair.
     Before I knew what was happening, I felt a wide belt go around my
waist and he was buckling it tight behind the chair.  I asked him what
that was for and he said, "You'll see.  Just wait.  Put your hands in the
manicure molds."
     As I looked down at the arms of the chair, there were molds at the
ends to separate the fingers and thumb.  Not knowing what was going on, I
spread the fingers on both hands and places them in the molds.  Before I
knew it, Sammy had placed a wide velcro bands around my wrists and the
arms of the chair, and pulled them tight.
     I didn't know what to say, so I just waited and didn't say anything.
Sammy proceeded to put another velcro binding on my arms just below my
elbows.  I was now securely bound to the chair with my arms and waist.  I
tried to move a little and couldn't move anything but my legs.  It wasn't
long before they were spread to the sides of the footrest and bound with
more bands.  Now I was totally helpless.
     Sammy reached over to the counter and got an aerosol can with his
right hand, and then held my nose with his left hand.  When I had to open
my mouth to breathe, he sprayed something down the back of my throat.  It
had a cherry taste, and when I opened my mouth to tell him how good it
tasted, my vocal cords would not work at all.  He had paralyzed them.  Not
a sound would come out, no matter how hard I tried.
     Then he said, "Don't worry, honey.  This will last only an hour or
so.  I just didn't want to hear you whining while I was working on you!"
     Then he turned the chair around and laid me back flat, as though he
were going to wash my hair.  He said, "I have some beautiful contact lens
that you will wear in your eyes tonight.  I used some just like them a
couple of weeks ago on a guy that got the `works' and his date thought
they were fantstic.  Don't worry about being blind.  I will see that you
get back to your apartment and get dressed on time."
     He reached over to the counter and got a lens.  It was extremely
large for a contact, as big as my whole eyeball, and it had a picture of a
beautiful, sensous eye painted on the front side.  On the back side, it
was coal black.
     He pulled my lower right eyelid down and asked me to hold it there.
Then he pulled the upper lid up and dropped the contact into my eye.  I
startled me a bit but it didn't hurt.  He did the same thing with my left
eye, and all of a sudden, I realized...I was BLIND!  And it would look to
anybody else that I was alert and wide awake.  I couldn't see anything,
not even a little light coming in around the edges.  I wanted to scream
but nothing came out.    I couldn't say anything to stop him.
     All of a sudden, I began to feel real helpless..more like an object
that a human being.  I was bound to the chair and blinded by the contacts.
I was there for him to use any way he liked.
     After he finished that, he called out, "OK, guys, you can come out
now.  He can't move and he can't see you.  I have him bound to the chair
and gagged with my special spray."
     I was shocked!  Sammy had some guys hiding in the other room.  What
were they there for?  What were they going to do?  My mind was racing...I
was almost in a panic!
     I heard them as they walked from the other room.  One of them was
definitely wearing high heels, real high heels, because I could hear
short, mincing steps and the click of his heels on the tile floor.  What
was going to happen to me?  I was breathing fast from the fear.
     About the time they reached the chair, Sammy said, "Honey, I would
like for you to meet Bill and Bobbi, that's Bobbi with an `i'.  Since you
can't see them, I'll describe them to you.
     "Bill is very tall, aboutoo 6'6" and weighs about 180 pounds.  Bobbi
is a little petitie thing, probably not more that 5'6" counting the 6"
spike heels shoes he is wearing.  Bobbi is wearing a summer-weight mini
dress that has pink and blue flowers on it.  It has a full skirt and a
tight-fitting bodice.  He's wearing a black pearl necklace and bracelet
with it, and it carring a black clutch purse.   He has on sheer nude
stockings and his spike heels are hot pink leather pumps.  Bill is wearing
white slacks and a hot pink sport shirt with his white loafers.
     They are going to help me out by draining your balls.  You must be
totally empty when you have your date tonight, so you won't get any `male'
ideas.  Now just relax and let them do their thing on you. You'll find
that they are very good at sucking cock, both of them!  Just sit there and
let them empty you, do you hear?"
     I couldn't see a thing.  I couldn't see what they looked like or
anything.  I just nodded my head to Sammy, or rather to where his voice
was coming from.
     With that, Sammy raised the back of the chair to the upright
position, but he left my legs sticking straight out.Then he said, "Go
ahead boys, he's all yours...but don't go too fast.  It's going to take me
a while to pull all of his hair through the fine net of this wig.  I don't
want him cumming before I get through with that." And I felt a wig being
fitted on my head.
     Sammy said, "Honey, even though your hair is probably long enough,
that mousey brown color just won't go with that black and white gown you
are planning on wearing.  This is a long black wig that I have put on you.
It comes down to about the center of your back, just above your waist a
little.  I am going to take a knitting needle and pull your hair through
the mesh in the wig, and then I will dye your hair and the wig coal black.
That should really be pretty, don't you think?"
     I tried to say `no' but nothing would come out, so I shook my head
`no' to tell him that I didn't want that done.  I didn't want my hair dyed
black.  I wouldn't be able to go to work with it that way.
     When he saw me shake my head `no', he said, "Well, Honey, it doesn't
matter whether you want that or not, that's the way it's going to be!" And
he poked the thin needle through the hair of the wig, then the mesh base,
then twisted it and got a few of my real hairs and pulled them up through
the wig.
     Then he went back through in almost the same place and did it again.
And he kept doing that, just three or four hairs at a time.
     Meanwhile, I felt something else.  A hand very lightly touched me on
my right ankle and a big, booming bass voice said, "Bill, his legs are so
beautiful, I'm getting hard just looking at them."
     And Bill said, "Yea, and I love those high heels he is wearing.  They
are so dainty I don't see how he could walk in them.  And look at those
beautiful bright red toenails.  It makes me want to suck them, even with
his shoes on."
     And Sammy said, "Go ahead, Bill, do anything that turns you on.  He's
not going to resist!" And with that, I felt a mouth on my left foot.  He
must have had my shoe in his mouth too.  And he began to suck on my toes.
     Then I felt the hand on my right leg begin to slowly move up my leg
toward my knee.  And I felt the needle go in and get a few more strands of
hair and pull them out.  All of this together made my cock begin to stir
in my panties.  Bill kept sucking on my toes and Bobbi kept moving his
hand slowly up my leg.
     When he got to the bottom of my skirt, he went underneath it and kept
right on going.  I wanted to scream out and say `no, stop' but that was
impossible.  I tried to move to get away from that probing hand, but I was
tied so tight that I couldn't move at all.
     Bill said, "Bobbi, why don't you raise his skirt?  Let's see what he
has in his panties." And I felt my skirt being pulled up and the hem
tucked into the waistband.  I knew they had exposed my bare thighs above
the tops of my stockings, and I could feel the cool air on my panties, and
I began to get harder and harder.  I couldn't stop myself.
     Then Bobbi, in his bass voice said, "Bill, look at those cute panties
with the ties on the sides.  Would you buy me some like that?"
     And he said, "Sure, Sweetie, as long as you let me suck that big cock
of yours.  I'll buy you anything you want.  Why don't you undo the ties
and let's see what kind of cock he has." And I felt some long fingernails
fumbling with the ties on my panties.
     His fingernails must have been real long, because he couldn't seem to
get a hold of the ties.  Finally, Sammy reach down and said, "Here, let me
help you with those.  It's hard to do that with those 2" nails you have.
I'll do it for you."
     In an instant, I felt the pressure from my panties was gone, and my
cock popped out into the air.  I know it must have been sticking straight
up from the way it felt.  When it did that, they all clapped and hollered,
"Hooray, hooray.  Would you look at that!" I was so embarassed and
humiliated that I would have died if I could.
     Bill quit sucking on my toe and started rubbing both hands up and
down my nylon-covered legs, and the more he rubbed, the hotter I got.
Right then, it didn't seem to matter that he was a man.  I was hot.
     Then I felt a rough tongue on the tip of my cock, and it was flicking
back and forth.  I didn't know who it was.  I wanted to move so bad.  I
wanted to tell them to stop.  I couldn't do either.  I just had to lay
there and take it.
     Then Bill said, "Oh, Bobbi, I got a little pre-cum out of him just by
flicking the head.  Would you like a little taste of him?"
     And Bobbi said, "Yes, please kiss me, and kiss me deep.  I want to
see what he tastes like."
     Then everything stopped for a few seconds except the pulling of my
hair through the wig.  Sammy said, "Guys, are you going to do each other,
or are you going to do him?"
     And Bill said, "OK, we'll do him first.  Then we will do each other."
     With that, I felt my cock in somebody's mouth, all the way down their
throat.  My body shuddered when they started pulling their mouth away.
I've never had such a thrill in my life.  As quick as I was out in the
open, their mouth closed on me again, only this time, it was another
mouth.  I didn't go as far in as the other one.  Although I knew that I
shouldn't cum with a guy sucking on me, I wanted to.  I wanted to real
bad.
     But then they slowed down, and one would suck on me and then the
other.  I thought I would explode but every time I was on the edge, they
would stop for a few seconds and just leave me suffering.  This must have
gone on for over a half hour, and then Sammy said, "OK, guys, one of you
finish him off.  I'm about done with pulling his hair through this wig.
We need to get on with other things."
     I felt my cock go down somebody's throat, and this time it stayed
there.  They took their rough tongue and rubbed the underside of my cock
without taking it out of their mouth.
     After about 30 seconds of this I exploded with the biggest orgasm I
have ever had in my life, and they just kept sucking and sucking until my
balls were absolutely empty.  There wasn't one drop left in them.  I
wondered if I would be able to do half as good for you if you made me
go down on you tonight.
     No sooner than they were through with me, Sammy said, "Sweetie, I'm
now going to color your hair and give you a perm at the same time.    Your
hair is really beautiful as it is, but it needs just a little wave in it.
That will make it look fantastic.  The perm has an ebony black dye in it.
Unfortunately, I don't have any rinse-out color in black so I will have to
use this one.  You'll just have to get used to having black hair from now
on."
     Then, I could feel him start to put big rollers in my hair.  When he
had all of them in, I could smell that awful perm solution being put all
over my scalp.
     While the color and perm were setting, he said, "While that sets,
I'll pierce your ears...no, I'll double pierce your ears.  That will make
you look really sexy!"
     In no time, I could feel something cold on my right ear.  Then a
snapping sound, like a staple gun.  But I didn't feel anything.  The thing
was moved a little and then another snap.  He was literally ruining me
with this `make over'.  I wouldn't be able to go back to work on Monday.
I couldn't take holes out of my ears!
     Then Sammy said, "I have some earrings here at work that I will loan
you to wear tonight, Dear.  They will really be pretty with your outfit.
We will use these small sterling silver balls in the upper holes, and I
have some beautiful, silver Christmas trees for the lower holes.   You
won't even feel the little balls at the top, but the `trees' may be a
little uncomfortable until you get used to them.  They are quite long and
heavy, but I'm sure that your date will really get turned on by them.
They are like little 5" trees with a trunk and branches, hanging down from
your ears, On each of the branches, there one to four tiny silver bells,
which will acutally ring when you move your head.  I'm sure they will
attract attention.  They have every time they have been worn."
     And then I could feel him put the little balls in the holes he had
made in my ears.  And when he put the `trees' on me, I could really feel
them.  They were really heavy, and I would be consciously aware that I was
wearing earrings all the time!  And the little bells would tinkle every
time I moved my head the least little bit.
     Sammy came around to the front of the chair and started working on my
hands which were tightly bound to the manicure molds.  He said, "Honey,
we're going to have to remove your nail polish.  I have some beautiful 2"
artificial high fashion nails which will make your hands look much
better." And I felt a cold liquid on my fingers, removing the polish that
I had taken so long to put on.
     Then he said, "Sorry, Sweetie, but I don't have any of the regular
fingernail cement.  I will have to put these on with industrial strength
cement.  They will stay much better with that anyway, except you won't be
able to remove them for several months." I was literally being ruined.  I
had a wig that I couldn't get off, breast forms that would be very painful
to remove, and now artificial nails that were permanent.  What was he
doing to me?
     I could feel him cement each nail over my own nail, but I couldn't
tell any difference, at least not then with my hands and arms bound to the
chair the way they were.
     When he was finished with my new nails, he layed me back in the chair
and I and heard the water running.  He took the rollers out and rinsed out
my hair and raised my chair and put me under the hair dryer.  When I
finished drying, he started doing my makeup.
     He moved me over to a makeup mirror where he start to transform my
face into that of a beautiful female.  He said, "Your face will be
beautifully made up, almost lacquered like a Japanese doll, with silvery
eyeshadow, a dull reddish rose blusher, and pancake with powder to match
your tannish complexion.  Long false eyelashes complete the picture, along
with your normal eyebrows.  Your lips will be painted a glossy red.  You
will be exotically beautiful."
     When he finished with my makeup, he assisted me out of the chair and
said he would walk me back to the apartment.  It was eerie, trying to walk
in those high heels and not being able to see where I was going.  I
thought I was going to fall down all the time.  He walked me around the
shop for a little for me to get used to being on his arm.  Then I heard
him open the door and we went out on the sidewalk.  I could feel the
difference in walking on the concrete and walking on the tile floor in his
shop.
     In what seemed like forever, we made it to my apartment building.
Thank goodness there were no steps for me to have to climb.  But Sammy did
tell me when to step over the elevator opening so I would not hang a heel
in the crack.
     As we rode up the elevator, a male voice said, "My, Dear, your hair
is just beautiful!" Sammy nudged me a little to indicate that comment was
for me, so I turned my head toward the sound of his voice and in said, in
a whisper, "Thank you." And he said, "And those big, blue eyes of yours
are just gorgeous" to which I repeated my thanks, bowing my head to make
him think that I was very shy.  If he only knew I couldn't see anything
but pitch black, he would be shocked.  This was really weird.
     As we got out of the elevator and were walking down the hall, he
called out, "And those beautiful red high heels really make your ankles
look nice." I could have gone through the floor with embarassment.  Sammy
asked for my apartment number and I told him 611, and fumbled in my purse
for the key.  As he unlocked the door and we went in, he said, "Gosh, it's
almost 7:00 o'clock.  I had better get you dressed, and fast.
     With that he unbuttoned my blouse and took it off.  He couldn't
resist touching my breasts, and I couldn't say a thing.  He removed my
skirt and I could feel the air blowing over my body, standing there in my
undies and high heels.  He had me sit on the bed and I could feel him
taking off my shoes.  Then I felt him putting on my evening shoes, those
black patent pumps with the 5" spiked heels.
     Sammy said, "You can't go out tonight with your cock flapping around
in your panties like that.  I'll fix it up real nice for you, and I
guarantee that you won't have to worry about it.  I have this 1/4" wide
pink ribbon.  All we have to do is to tie it real tight around the head of
your cock and then pull your cock down and backwards and cement the ribbon
to you buttocks.  We can't bring it up through your crack, because your
date might want to get into that virgin backside tonight and play around."
     Then he stood me up and put on the bodice of my evening gown.  It was
really tight, I could just feel that I was sticking out over the top.  He
patted the tops of my breasts and said, "Those are just about the nicest
tits that I have seen in a long time.  Your date should really enjoy
them."
     Then he had me put a hand on his shoulder to keep my balance while I
stepped into the skirt of the gown.  I could feel it being tightly
fastened around my waist, but I could also feel the air on my legs and
know that they were sticking out through the slits.  I tried to put my
feet together so it would cover my legs, but it was difficult to stand in
that position for very long.
     I could feel him pull the white, elbow-length gloves up on my arms,
and could feel my fingertips open to the air.  He slipped a strand of
black pearls around my neck and a black pearl bracelet on my left wrist,
over my glove.
     To finish up, he slipped the short, bolero cape around my shoulders
and buttoned the one button to hold it on.   He handed me my small, silver
clutch purse, to complete my transformation.  He said I was to carry that
with me at all times, wherever I went.
     Just as he finished, the doorbell rang and Sammy went to the door.
He opened it, and invited you in.  He introduced himself and told you he
was the one responsible for the transformation.  He told you that I was
blind, but if you wanted me to be able to see, all he had to do was remove
my contact lenses.  He also told you about my lack of voice, and gave you
a little atomizer tube you could use to neutralize the chemical that had
paralyzed my vocal cords.
     Then he said goodbye and left, closing the door behind him.  And here
we are together, all alone..just the two of us.  I hope you will be tender
with me.

FIN
