Archive-name: Changes/dream01.txt
Archive-author: Chuck 447
Archive-title: Dream, Fantasy and Nightmare - 1


   The following few messages (and sorry that it is so big, I am a
"want-to-be-writer" and had to put down this one in the best detail that I
could without writing a whole novel about it) are a dream that I had not
all that long ago.  I thought I would share it with all of you, and the
comments at the end of it that this dream (nightmare?) caused me, right
after I woke up from it and wrote it down.  The thing that is strangest
about it is that it is so vivid and it recurs, for no apparent reason,
unless it is that many of the messages on here have been upon the same
topics as are in the dream. Beats me, you see if you have any thoughts
on it.  This should at least be something to discuss here for a bit,
for it contains a bit of many things. Enjoy.  


                The Dream, Part One

        I opened my eyes, still bleary with the last vestiges of
sleep and reached to my left.  My hand met with only the blankets and the
surface of the water bed.  It would seem that Sharon had already gotten up
and left for work.  Damn, I had hoped to have a bit of time this morning,
sharing the blonde delights that made up my latest girlfriend before
she got out the door this morning.  After all, I did not have much else
to do today it, though she had to work.  Fortunately,  though, she had
only a short work day.  She would be back about 4 I hoped, unless she
decided to go home tonight instead.  I hoped she stopped here first, I
was growing kind of used to having her long legged, blonde haired form,
running around the place, not to mention the delightful bounce of her
more than ample breasts.  God that girl had some fine tits.  I loved her
jutting, perky nipples too.  In fact she had one of the finest bodies I
had ever seen, trim and firm, everywhere, but with all the right curves
in all the right places.  I also loved the fact that she had as creative
a mind when it came to sex as I do.  That can be a very difficult thing
to find these days.  I was never sure just what she would want to do next.
      Finally, I knew that I might as well get out of bed and get
something done, even if it was not wage earning.  I was tired of
being "trapped" at home as I had been since my accident.  Well, soon,
I would be back to the grind and then I might appreciate all this time
off I have had.  Though it would be a lot nicer if Sharon were here
to share it.  As I got up, I could see something hanging on the front
of my closet in a plastic wrap like a cleaner uses.  It would seem that
Sharon would be back, and she had some new games in mind.  What the hell,
so far all of them had been as exciting to me as they had been to her,
I was sure this one would be the same.  As I began to get up to stagger
first to the bathroom, then to the kitchen for my first cup of coffee,
I noticed a note hanging on the plastic.  As I rose I made a grab for
the note, plucking the tape loose, and then stumbled out of the bedroom
to take care of business, the note clutched in my hand.
      I entered the kitchen and grabbed up my mug sitting on the
counter, making a quick swirl under the faucet as I turned on the hot
water, and then grabbed for the coffee, already hot, waiting form me, and
them headed for the table and the first chair I could find.  Sitting down
with my steaming cup of coffee, I remembered the note I held and opened
it to read it.  I could tell by the gentle loops that Sharon had written
this note in no hurry.  Perhaps she had been planning this for a while.
If she had been planning something, then I knew from the 5 months that we
had been seeing a lot of each other, that it should be something a bit off
beat, but guaranteed to be exciting, and a lot of fun as well, or so all
of her little games had been thus far.  I unfolded and smoothed the note.
       It said: "Ron, on your closet door is something I got for
you, I hope that it fits, and on the floor of your closet is another bag.
Also some things that I got for you that I hope fit.  Please, be wearing
these things when I return later.  I know it may seem a strange request,
but I promise you that you will never regret this, nor forget it either."
      Well, I was intriqued anyway.  This was not the way she
normally did things, though she did often think out the things she
wanted done, or wanted to do, in advance.  But this note business had
me really curious, and very much in anticipation.  This should prove to
be something interesting.  I sat there thinking about it, and wondering
what might be in the dark plastic, and the bag, as I drank my coffee
and woke up completely.  I also decided that no matter what it was, the
first thing was to get a shower and shave.  I felt like I had sweated
all night and knew my heavy beard must be looking like a weeks growth
after last night.  But I would have all this done and still be able to
check out the bags and stuff long before noon.
      Finishing my coffee, I put the cup on the drainboard in the
kitchen and then headed for the shower.  Stripping off my robe, I reached
in and turned on the water, then stepped inside.  The warm water felt
good running down my shoulders and back.  It felt so good that I took my
time about soaping up, scrubbing and rinsing off this morning.  Finally,
stepping from the shower I reached out and took a clean towel and began
to dry himself completely.  Finishing that I hung the towel up to dry
and wandered nude into the bedroom.
      I walked to my closet and opened it first, reaching in to
take out the bag that was there as the note had said.  I took the bag and
set it on the edge of the waterbed and closed the closet, then turning
back to the waterbed, I slowly opened the bag.  What I saw inside caused
me to pause for a moment thinking about the note I had read a bit ago.
Yes, this was very odd, even for her, for inside the bag, a fairly large
bag at that, were things I had never really given any thought to wearing
for any kind of sex games.  Oh, sure, I had done something similar to
this for halloween, just to freak out my bosses, but not for the idea
of a sexual fantasy.  I was not altogether sure that I knew the right
way to put all of these things on.  Reaching in, my hand encountered
another note which I slipped out and read.  It seems that she had even
thought of this and had left him some simple instructions in case I was
unsure about what was in the bag.
      Following the notes, I first took out a black, half lace and
half satin cupped bra.  I looked at it and as I did, I imagined Sharon
lush, firm tits filling it.  But, remembering her promise, I did as
instructed and put it on.  It felt very strange, but oddly not the least
bit uncomfortable as I had thought that it would be.  The next thing I
took out of the bag, in the order of the note was some hose.  She had
called these suspender hose, and I began to see why.  She had said
in the note that they would be less uncomfortable, and easier to work
around than pantyhose, and that they were a good color for me, suntan,
whatever that means.  So, following her instructions I also put them on.
      Standing there, I felt a touch foolish, even more so when I
moved.  I found that as silly as I may look, the sensations of the hose
were incredibly arousing.  I could hardly wait for when Sharon would
get home.  Next was a pair of black lace nylon panties.  The nylon
was stretchable enough to support my cock comfortably.  The soft nylon
lace felt incredible against my skin, hugging it without being tight,
and allowing the most freedom of movement I could imagine.  Even the
fact that they were high cut legged briefs rather than bikinis, which
I normally wore in the men's variety, was not a major problem with
the delightful way that they felt.  I went on with the instructions,
next removing what she called a full length black slip from the bag.
It was full length alright, the hem covered in black lace, the cups and
upper hem also were soft nylon lace.  I put it on as she had instructed
in her notes.  Then I moved to the closet to begin removing the plastic
from what she said would be a top and appropriate matching items for
the outfit she wanted me in when she got home.  As the plastic fell
away, I saw a black shirt, and took it off the hanger and put it on.
I realized as I did that it was not a shirt, because the buttons were on
the wrong side.  Stopping for a minute, I looked at the label.  Hmmm she
had planned this out, this blouse was silk, no wonder it felt so soft
and silky as I slid it on.
      Under this was hanging what looked to be a very long, very
light material, skirt.  Finishing buttoning the blouse, I stepped into
the skirt, making sure the slip and blouse slipped inside the waist of
the skirt, then buttoned up the side of it and fastened the belt that
was already run though the loops.  I then went back to the bag, this
time removing a strange box from it.  I opened the box, and was oddly
not surprised to see a pair of black pump heels in there.  3 inch heels
should not be too difficult I thought to myself as I tried them on and
began to practice walking in the shoes.
      All in all, though I felt kinda strange, I found the clothing
to be very comfortable, even quite exciting.  Sharon had chosen the sizes
pretty close to exactly the right ones it would appear. But then, since
I had no idea about if any of it was really fitting right, I was merely
guessing at it.  I was trying to figure out what in the hell Sharon had
in mind for tonight, but I could not really fathom what was in her mind.
This should prove to be interesting, or at least I hoped so after all
of this preparation.  Now I began to understand just why she had been
so curious about my reactions and comments when she and I had sat around
one night looking through some catalogs she gets regularly in the mail.
She had wanted to know if I liked them, not if I thought they would

--
Archive-name: Changes/dream02.txt
Archive-author: Chuck 447
Archive-title: Dream, Fantasy and Nightmare - 2


                The Dream, Part Two

      All in all, though I felt kinda strange, I found the clothing
to be very comfortable, even quite exciting.  Sharon had chosen the
sizes pretty close to exactly the right ones it would appear. But
then, since I had no idea about if any of it was really fitting
right, I was merely guessing at it.  I was trying to figure out
what in the hell Sharon had in mind for tonight, but I could not
really fathom what was in her mind.  This should prove to be
interesting, or at least I hoped so after all of this preparation. 
Now I began to understand just why she had been so curious about
my reactions and comments when she and I had sat around one night
looking through some catalogs she gets regularly in the mail.  She
had wanted to know if I liked them, not if I thought they would
specifically look good on her, but did I just like the appearance
of them in general.
      I walked back into the kitchen, poured myself another cup of
coffee, the last in the pot.  I set the cup on the table and walked
back into the kitchen to make a new pot.  When I opened the
cupboard where the filters and coffee grounds were kept, I found
an odd looking bag sitting in there with another note.  Now what,
I thought to himself, I was already dressed from the skin out, what
could she possibly have left to spring on me?  I reached up and
took the bag out of the cupboard, it was not really heavy, but it
did weight 3 or 4 pounds.  Strange, I thought as I took out also
the things I needed and fired up another pot of coffee, then took
the bag to the table and sat down with my coffee.
      Taking the note off the bag that was taped to the side, I
opened it to read.  It had lines with separations, sort of like
some step by step instructions.  I read the first lines...
      "Ron, please follow these instructions as I have put them
down, or later undoing this might hurt a bit."
      "Step 1, unbutton and slip off the blouse.  Slip the straps
of the slip down so that the top of it slides down the belt of the
skirt.  Do not unhook the bra, just slip the straps off of your
shoulders and move the cups down toward your stomach a couple
inches."
      "Step 2, now take the items in the bag out, there are three
things in there, two, as you will notice right off are shaped, and
look like breasts, set them on the bag, the third is a little
bottle of liquid, be careful with that."
      "Step 3, and this maybe the hard part, go into the bathroom
and grab that old makeup mirror, the one that props up for use, but
before you come back, take your clippers and trim all the hair on
and around your own nipples, in fact, most of your chest just to
be safe."
      I was not to sure about this, but, not wanting to disappoint
her, and whatever she might have in mind, I unpacked the bag and
went into the bathroom, digging out the clippers and the mirror. 
With some reluctance I slowly used the clippers to remove the hair
from my chest. Slowly and carefully, making sure that none of it
fell down into the bra or the blouse.  I knew how much that might
itch.  When I finished, I put the clippers away and returned to the
table and the note.
      "step 4, open the bottle and apply a small amount of the
liquid on the flat parts of the breast form, then carefully, so as
not to get the liquid all over your hands, and using the mirror so
you can see that it is right, place the form against your chest so
that it hangs like the real thing.  Repeat this for the other side.
      "Step 5, then put the bra, slip and the blouse back on.  Now
you will know how I feel, only without all of the sensations I get
from my own breasts.  Walk around some to get the feel and weight
of them.  By time I get there tonight, you should have a pretty
good idea of what it would feel like to have real ones of your own. 
Too bad that men don't, or this could be even more fun than it is
going to be."
      I did as the note said.  It sure felt strange to him to have
the extra two or three pounds, perhaps more, on my chest.  I had
noticed that the detail of them had been pretty exact.  I figured
that these were the kind that women got for themselves after things
like mastectomy surgery or something.  I was sure that they were
not cheap.  Whatever Sharon had in mind, I hoped that she felt it
was worth the expense, the breastforms and the clothes had to cost
her something.  The last part of the note was simply that I should
just relax around the house, but do everything as she might dressed
like that, things like do not cross your legs like I normally do,
but more like she would.  In other words, that I should practice
being what I was now looking somewhat like. I thought, well, I had
come this far, and all for a special time with my lady, so, I
figured playing along a bit further could not hurt.  Besides, the
feel of the skirt as I moved about the house was thrilling, the
soft fabrics rubbing gently against my skin was also exciting.
      I picked up my coffee and went into the living room, and sat
down on the couch.  I found trying to cross my legs like Sharon did
in a dress was too strange, so I tucked my legs under me like I had
seen her do.  That was much more comfortable.  I picked up the
remote and turned on the television.  Might as well watch the news
while I waited for her to get home.
      As I sat there, the phone rang.  I reached over to the end
table and picked up the reciever.
      "hello?" I asked.
      "Hello, Ron?" I heard a sexy sounding voice say back.
      "Yes, this is Ron.  Can I help you with something?"
      "Well, yes, Ron, you can, but I will need to come over to
explain it to you.  You don't mind if I drop by in about 20 minutes
do you?"

--
Archive-name: Changes/dream03.txt
Archive-author: Chuck 447
Archive-title: Dream, Fantasy and Nightmare - 3


                    The Dream, Part 3

      I hesitated, considering the way I looked right now, and
knowing that the note said that I should not try to remove the
breast forms during the day, as there was a special way to do it
that Sharon would explain when she got there later.  I did not
think I could hide them from anyone coming over, not even for a few
minutes.  I was hard to embarrass, but I knew anyone seeing the
breasts on me would turn me the reddest I had ever been.
      "Um, well, it might not be all that good to come over today. 
I.."
      "Ron.. I have a request to make of you, when I do come over,
be in that black silk outfit you got recently.  I would like very
much to see you in that.  No, don't ask how I know about it, I will
tell you when I get there, just, please, go ahead and be wearing
the long black silk skirt and the black silk blouse. I will knock
three times then pause, then do it again when I get there so you
will know it is me.  Can I come over?"
      This was getting real strange, had Sharon told some other gal
of her plans?  Was this in some way a test by Sharon to see if I
would step out on her?  Was there another reason for this?  Was
this a part of the surprise she had in mind for him?  I did not
know what to do, but since the woman already knew of the outfit,
I supposed I had to find out how she knew, and what it was that she
wanted of me.  And she did have the sexiest voice I had ever heard
over the phone.  If she looked half as good as she sounded, this
would be one hot looking lady.  Ok, I will admit it, I was as
intriqued by the voice on the phone as I was about why my girl had
asked me to dress up like this.  Though after spending a couple of
hours now like this, I began to regret that it was not more
acceptable in society.  The comfort and feelings were absolutely
incredible.  I had never felt so nakedly free while fully clothed
before.  I also began to hope that this went like she wanted, and
that she might want to do it again.  I know that I would not mind
doing this much again for her.  God but it felt delightful.
      "Ok, I will.  20 minutes?  Ok, I will be ready by then.  And
I am curious how you knew about this."
      "I will explain everything when I get there.  See you in 20
minutes." she said then hung up.
      I got up, refilled my cup and spent the 20 minutes pacing
around the living room while I waited.  When finally I heard the
three knocks on the door, I felt butterflies in the pit of my
belly.  I had left the door unlocked, so I could just call out
"come in" when she got there.  I surely did not wish for my
neighbors to see me this way.  I knew that I would never hear the
end of it, not that any of them really knew me or mattered to me
anyway, but I did live in this complex.  The knock came again so
I called out "come on in, the door is unlocked."
      The door opened and a gorgeous redhead walked in, carrying
a fairly large metal suitcase with her.  She stepped away from the
door and put the case down out of the way.  She had left the door
open, and just as I was about to ask her to please close it another
redhead walked in, also carrying one of the aluminum cases.  I was
shocked!  She had said she was coming, not that WE are coming.  How
many people did Sharon tell about this, or was one girl telling the
other and so on?  Then I stopped for a second to measure the
reaction of the two as they looked at me and noticed some thing
about the two.  The two were almost identical.  There was only a
few very minor differences to tell them apart.  The two women
appeared to be about mid twenties or so, with almost waist length,
darker red hair, full and soft to the look.  Both women were also
gifted with the kind of figures that haunted men's dreams.  I could
see this even though they both wore what looked like white women's
suits with knee length skirts and very sheer and silky white
blouses.  They were both gifted with full and more than ample
breasts, the kind that really excited me.  I had always been a
breast man, much more than a leg, or butt man.  And boy, did these
two have them.  Not that either their legs or any part of them was
less than my secret ideal of a woman.
      "Ron, I am sorry, I just realized  I forgot to tell you that
my sister was coming with me.  Oh, and my name is Karen and her
name is Margie.  I hope that you do not mind too much. I promise
that you will not regret letting us come over."
      "Hello, Karen, Margie.  It is really nice to meet you two,
and I hope you will not mind me saying that you are both very
attractive young women.  I am curious to know how you knew about
this outfit though."
      "Well, we were told that we would find you here about now,
and in that outfit.  We were also told to bring these two cases
with us, and the contents. It seems that some of the items in here
are things that someone thinks you want or need."
      "And who told you, if I may ask?"
      "Well, we are not really supposed to say right now, just that
we were told to come and that you would be dressed like that.  I
am sure you will find out all about it very soon, and why all this
elaborate scenario was set up like it was." Karen said, her face
lighting up with a bright smile.  God this woman was gorgeous when
she smiled, and even when she did not.  If Ron did not have Sharon,
he knew he would be trying to take this woman to bed even now,
perhaps, his luck taking a turn for the awesome, both of these
visions of loveliness standing before him.
      "hmmm, curious.  Now, what is it I can do for you?"
      "Mind if we sit down to discuss this?  It may take a few
minutes."
      "Not at all, please, sit down.  Oh, and can I get either of
you anything?  Coffee, a drink, anything?" I said as I moved to sit
down on the couch.  The girls shook their heads and mumbled
politely about being just fine for now.  The twins each sat on
either side of me.  For a moment no one spoke, just sat down and
looked at each other.  As I sat there looking, I wished we had met
in other circumstances because as I sat looking at Karen I felt
desire rising within me like I had not felt in a long time.  The
more I looked, the more I wanted to take her to bed and enjoy her
charms.

--

Archive-name: Changes/dream04.txt
Archive-author: Chuck 447
Archive-title: Dream, Fantasy and Nightmare - 4


                     The Dream, Part 4

      Karen leaned toward me, turning slightly to keep her face up
towards me.  I did not wish to resist in the least what I felt was
coming, so  I bent down to kiss the lips that were so near to mine. 
I could feel the sweet softness of them as our lips met met and
remained touching.  In a few seconds I could feel her tongue trying
to slip between my lips. I did not resist, as even my own tongue
tried to cross through her lips as well.  I could feel her hands
now, running up my silk clad arms, and back down again.. my own
hands were roaming around her body somewhat, mainly the arms and
lightly on her legs.
      As I kissed deeply with Karen, I could feel Margie up close
to my back, pressing her ample breasts against my back, and running
her hands across my stomach and up towards my chest.  I reached out
to take Karen in my arms much fuller, pulling her towards me as I
leaned back against Margie.  The feel of the two women running
their hands all over me was incredible.  I felt my desire rise for
either one of these women, maybe, though highly unlikely, both of
them if I was really lucky.  And they did seem to be working as a
matched set, a team, like they had done this sort of thing before. 
This set me off even more.
      As I ran my hands up and down the exposed parts of the two
girls legs, I found that they were slowly scooting back and forth,
sliding their skirts higher and higher.  This only served to
increase my desire for the two of them.  Then the final straw
happened.  Karen's skirt rose until it was almost just wrapped
around her waist.  I could see that she was wearing the same kind
of suspender hose as I had been given to wear, and no panties.  I
could see the delectable mound of hair that marked one of the
objects of my desire.  As I looked down at the soft dark hair, my
hand kept running up and down the exposed parts of both girls'
legs. The hand running along Margie's leg behind me suddenly felt
bush.  I knew that both were dressed identically.  As my hand hit
hair, I felt Margie move her hands down along my arm to hold my
hand against the treasure I had found.  Taking the hint, I began
to explore the tangle of hair I had found, only to realize that
Margie was spreading her legs so that I was soon fondling the sweet
dampness of her pussy.  Karen too was spreading her legs, bringing
her sweet pussy into my sight.  As I used my fingers to penetrate
softly into Margie, Karen urged my other hand to move higher and
do likewise to her.  In turn, Karen was sliding her hands up under
my skirt.  Margie was not far behind, and soon I had them both
running their hands over my panty clad cock which was about as hard
as it had ever been.
      The two girls looked to each other, smiled and then they
urged me to my feet and led me off down the hall, as if they knew
where they were going, and into my bedroom.  Once inside the
bedroom, the girls, with a few deft motions, undid their jackets
and blouses, letting them hang open and slipped their skirts,
which were the straight kind, not the wide flairing type like
the one I was in, to the floor.  I could see their moist pussies
as they moved.  They both shrugged the light jackets off their
shoulders and let them slide with the skirts to the floor.
Neither girl was wearing a bra, as I could plainly see through the
opened blouses.  Their tits were gorgeous.  Large yet firm, with
hard nipples the size of the tips of my little fingers poking out
at me.  As they two came up to me, one reaching around me to undo
the buttons of my blouse, the other lifting my skirt up, lightly
tucking the tip of it into my belt, I bent my head down and slowly,
one at a time, took each of the four fantastic nipples into my
mouth, running my tongue over them and nipping lightly on the
nipple.  Soon Karen reached inside my blouse and loosened the bra
and Margie began to slide my panties to the floor.  I did not know
if this had anything to do with what Sharon had in mind, but right
now I did not care.  This was like a fantasy come true for me.
      Then, as soon as she had released the bra hooks and lifted
the bra up over the breast forms, Karen turned from me and went to
the king sized waterbed.  As she got there, she began to crawl
towards it's center on all fours.  Being behind her, I got a
prefect look at her red bushed pussy, and could see the dampness. 
Well, Sharon had probably set all this up, and I was not going to
let such a chance to live one of my fantasies go to waste.
        Moving to the bed, I laid down on it, facing up, and with
my legs pushed against the floor to slide quickly between Karen's
legs.  I then lifted my head and let my tongue begin to tease her
already swelling clit, running my tongue over it, taking it lightly
between my teeth, and letting my tongue probe as deep as it could
between her damp and swelling pussy lips.  Margie had come up to
me, made sure the skirt was not hiding anything and then put
something very warm and wet over my cock. Looking down I caught a
glimpse of her mouth taking most of my not so small cock in her
mouth.  Geez, but it felt so good, and it felt even better as she
took her long hair, wrapped it softly around my balls, and then
with more of it in her hand, wrapped it lightly around my cock as
she moved her hand and mouth up and down my shaft.  I began to eat
Karen's pussy all the harder.  Soon Karen was writhing wildly on
my face, and she had laid down, facing toward the widest part of
the bed.  I felt Margie spin around a bit, my cock never leaving
her mouth for more than an instant unless she was running her
tongue up my cock, or over my balls.  She crawled up on the bed
too.. her ass moving down to where her sister and I were occupied. 
I thought that I would have to eat them both in shifts at this
rate, when all of a sudden, Karen leaned down and began to do to
Margie what I was still doing to her.  It was incredible knowing
that we had formed a daisy chain like this, and I had never thought
to actually get these two in bed in the first place.  I do not know
how many times either of the girls actually came, but finally I
did, and felt Margie lick up every drop of cum as it came jetting
out of my hard cock.  It was then like they signaled to each other,
because Karen rose up and sat more squarely on my face.  I could
feel all 4 hands now running across my cock and balls, I knew it
would only be seconds before I was hard again, if I ever stopped
being so.  Then, as I felt it stiffening again, only harder than
ever before this, I felt a tight moistness decend over my cock..
as Karen leaned forward, I got a glimpse of Margie sitting
astraddle of my lap, my cock sinking deep in her pussy, the two
girls embracing as I ate one and fucked the other.  I could see and
later feel, them fondle each other's tits, and then I even saw it
when Karen leaned far forward to begin to suck Margie's rock hard
nipples.  That was something I wanted more of soon too.

--

Archive-name: Changes/dream05.txt
Archive-author: Chuck 447
Archive-title: Dream, Fantasy and Nightmare - 5


                   The Dream, Part 5

       The afternoon went on like this for a while, then both of
the girls moved up beside me, laying within my arms, we all
embraced and drifted off to sleep.  I was not even thinking about
Sharon at this point in time, just the two gorgeous things I had
just had a live fantasy come true with.  When I finally began to
stir from my nap, I opened one eye and looked to where Karen had
been to my right.  Instead of Karen, I saw them both, in a tight
69 position, each tonguing the other furiously as their hands
played with the others nipples and clit.  Watching this, trying not
to let them know that I was awake yet, I felt my cock begin to rise
up and harden again.  I was even more shocked as I watched the
twins when I felt a familiar warm mouth wrapping around my stiff
cock.  I jumped slightly, then looked down to see Sharon's lips
decending upon my cock.  So it had been her that had told the twins
about this outfit and told them to come over.  I know she would not
be sucking my cock unless she had expected the two redheads to be
in bed with me when she got here, even if they were more engrossed
in each other than with what Sharon was doing to me.  Soon I felt
Sharon's mouth leave my cock.  I looked down towards her only to
see her lifting her long, silky skirt and sitting in a kneeling
position over my cock.  I felt myself as I slipped easily into her
wet pussy.  She pumped for a few minutes and then she reached up
to undo her blouse, freeing her own gorgeous tits, then leaned
forward so that I could suck them.  I began to meet her thrusting
hips, and soon that rythym was fast and furious.  Then the
pressure, built up to a peak, let go, and I felt like I was pumping
a whole lake into her hot, wet pussy.  As the sensation subsided,
she leaned forward to lay her bared tits on my chest, carefully
interlacing her's with the false one's I still wore for her, and
again we drifted off to sleep.  The twins had worked themselves to
the point where they were in each others arms and drifting off too.
      Slowly I began to wake up again, still feeling the delightful
effects of the afternoon's activities.  As I woke up, I could hear
some whispering nearby, I tried to lay quiet and hear what was
being said.  I had heard my name, so I knew it was about me.  Maybe
I would find out what was going on here without having to ask any
more questions.
      "I told you he would go along with it." Sharon said.
      "Yes, and he did.  But will he go along with the rest of it?"
Karen said, or at least that is who I thought had said it.
      "Only time will tell that, of course you can always ask him
when he wakes up.  He has not been working since his accident
though, and that may cause a problem with getting him to agree. 
You know how proud men can be." Sharon said.
      "Yes, I do.  But that gives me an idea!" Karen said, then
leaned forward to kiss Sharon fully on the lips.  Sharon returned
the kiss with all the passion she used when she and I kissed.  I
had never realized that Sharon had any interest in bisexual
activities, but that was what was soon going on between her and
Karen.  Each playing with the other's pussy as they sucked each
other's tits.  About this time I felt myself getting hard again,
and felt Margie's tight cunt setting itself down over my cock. 
Ah.. this was going to continue for a bit.  And that is just what
it did, until we were all exhausted again.
      Sharon got up from the bed, and Karen followed, each
smoothing and lowering their skirts, but not buttoning up the
blouses or trying to hide the beautiful tits they had.  Margie
rolled off the bed and followed suit.
      "I suppose I should do the same?" I asked.
      "Only if you want to eat dinner with us." Sharon said with
a smile.
      I got up, and began to follow them out of the room.  But
Sharon stopped at the door, turned and told me to put my heels on,
smooth and lower my skirt before I came out of the bedroom.  Ah,
so whatever she had planned was not done yet.  This could well be
something even better, since the twins did not seem to be ready to
leave yet either.  Doing as I was told, I then followed them out
into the living room and noticed that Sharon was in my kitchen
doing the cooking.  The Twins sat on the couch and as I entered the
room, motioned for me to join them there.
     "Well, what do you think of Ron, Karen?  Margie?"  Sharon
called from the kitchen.
      "Oh, Sharon, I am glad you thought of us for today." Margie
said as she eyed where my cock was under the skirt.
      "Yees, I am glad too.  There is only one thing missing and
everything today would be just perfect!" Karen said with a
mischievious grin.
      "I know what you are talking about Karen, but you are going
to have to deal with that matter for yourself.  I can't really do
that for you, you know." Sharon called back in a good natured,
smiling voice.
      "Maybe Ron will solve it for us." Karen replied looking to
me.
      "Well, if you will tell me what that one thing missing is,
perhaps I can think of a way to solve it for you." I said.
      "Okie, Ron, the only thing missing is the fact that you don't
have any tits for us to play with." Karen said.
      "I know, I am a man, we are not supposed to have nice tits
like yours.  Though after this afternoon, I am beginning to be
sorry that we do not." I said, somewhat curiously.
      "Ron.  There is something that we should tell you, a couple
things in fact, before you say anything more.  Maybe even a few
more things than that before we are done." Karen said, this time
giving Sharon a serious look as she grinned.
      "Ron.  Margie and I are lesbians.  Well, she is bisexual, but
I am more lesbian than bi.  And as you may have guessed by now,
Sharon is bisexual as well."  Karen said.

--
Archive-name: Changes/dream06.txt
Archive-author: Chuck 447
Archive-title: Dream, Fantasy and Nightmare - 6


                       The Dream, Part 6

      I looked at Sharon, who just smiled wanly and nodded to
confirm what Karen had just said.
      "If this is what you all need to be happy, I do not have any
problems with it.  Especially not as long as I am included like
this once in a while!" I said, figuring that that was what they
were getting at.
      "You do not understand Ron.  Yes, we would like to include
you in our fun times.  But, we would like you to do something for
us to make it even more fun for us all." Karen said.
      "oh, yes, Ron, please.  It would make it a lot better even for
you!" Margie said.
      "Ok, what is it you want me to do?" I asked.
      "Well, we are not poor girls, Ron, and we are more than
willing to pay you a tidy sum to do this for us.  How would
$200,000 sound to you?" Karen said.
      "Two hundred thousand?" I repeated. "Um, perhaps you would
like to tell me what you want me to do for that kind of money?" I
said, wonder if it was illegal, immoral, both, but not really
giving a damn if I could have not only Sharon, but the twins like
this again.  The money would just assure that I would not have to
spend all my time doing other things, like making a living and all
that boring shit.
      "Simple, Ron, just take some pills we give you every day for
a while." Margie said with a smile.
      "Pills?  What kind of pills?  I am not into recreational
drugs gals, as I am sure that Sharon has told you." I said.
      "Simple Ron.  Look, we want to stay together as friends, but
only Sharon really gets a constant need for male companionship. 
We want you to be able to at least LOOK the part of another girl
in our group.  The pills we want you to take are called Premarin. 
That is a female hormone pill.  It won't hurt you, and we know a
doctor that will do some tests every now and then for you, just to
make sure that it cannot harm you."
      "And what is that, that, premarin stuff, supposed to do?"
      "Ron," Sharon said as she came up beside me and I turned to
face her, "premarin will give you the hips and breasts that are
almost the same size as you would have for your build if you had
been born female.  It won't get rid of the extra hair, but I am
sure that Johnson can be convinced to work on Ron here, too."
Sharon said, the last part said over my head to the twins who
smiled and nodded.
      "Wait a minute.  Let me get this right.  You are going to pay
me Two hundred thousand dollars to take some pills that will make
my hips wider, and put tits on my chest for the rest of my life? 
I am only 35 years old, and when I am working, I make that much in
about 5, 6 years at the most.  How do you think I can go look for
a job as who I am, when I look like a woman in all other respects?"
      "Ron, the two hundred is just the up front if you say yes. 
If you actually do this for us, I promise, you will never need for
anything, and there will be at least another payment of the same
type once you have succeeded in the, change." Karen said, her look
quite serious.
      "Ron, you always have said that it is too bad that men do not
have tits for the women to play with.  Well, here is your chance
to get some.  For all three of us to play with.  And you already
know what you will have to play with." Sharon said with a bright
smile.
      "Yes, Ron, and you can even have tits like Sharon does!  If
the drugs do not make them as big, we can get the same doctor to
give you that little bit of help she wanted." Margie said.
      "Margie!" Sharon called to her friend.
      "Opps, I was not supposed to say that." Margie said quieter.
      "And here I always thought that you were all natural,
Sharon." I said with a teasing grin.
      "Less than you may think, Ron." Karen replied with a devious
Grin.
      "What do you mean by that?" I asked, looking from Karen to
Sharon and back again.
      Karen looked questioningly to Sharon, who stopped smiling,
and with a sight nod of her head then went back into the kitchen
to finish dinner.
      "Ok, what is going on here?" I asked. "What is this big
secret between all of you, and why do I think that it will do a lot
to explain your request of me?"
      "Ron.  Trust me, I won't do anything that will harm you.  We
simply want you to have tits for us, to have the hips to make that
skirt you are wearing look even better, and to make it so that you
can go anywhere we go.  From some of the private spas for ladies
only, to the ladies room.  That is why we are willing to pay you. 
That and to make sure that if anything happens, you will be taken
care of in the right way.  As for Sharon, she has been a friend of
ours for a very long time.  We asked her to have a small implant
done, to make her breasts as big as ours.  You see, she did not
have much when we first met her.  Of course, if we had known her
5 years before, she would not have had any tits when we met, or
hips either for that matter." Karen said.
      "What does that mean?" I asked, becoming very bewildered.
      "What she means, Ron, and I would have told you sooner or
later, but I was born a man.  A woman trapped in a man's body.  I
had nature's mistake corrected.  The twins just helped me to make
some fine adjustments to my appearance, not to mention wardrobe."
Sharon said standing in the doorway.
      "You were a man??" I asked incredulously.
      "Yes, Ron" She said.
      "But, you, in fact, all three of you, are the most gorgeous
things I have ever seen, and as often as I have sucked your tits,
eaten and fucked your pussy... no, I just cannot believe this." I
said.

--

Archive-name: Changes/dream07.txt
Archive-author: Chuck 447
Archive-title: Dream, Fantasy and Nightmare - 7


                       The Dream, Part 7

      "It is true Ron, and yes, I am in all ways female now, except
that, like I told you when we met, I cannot have any children. 
What the first doctors did not do, the ones the twins hired did. 
And I will always be female from here on out." Sharon said, a note
of fear in her voice.  I was confused.  This was a woman, that I
had been making love to for 5 months, had even considered marrying
when the time came, and now I hear that she was once a he?  I was
not sure if this should make a difference or not, it probably
should not, and sure was not changing the love I had had for her
all these past months.  She was all female now, and now is when I
have her, so what difference does the past make?  Would it be any
different if she had been a prostitute or a total lesbian in the
past?  The past 5 months had been great, I figured I would let them
stand as they were, a hint of the things to come.
      "Ron, Sharon is Sharon, the same one you have known for a
long time now.  Where and how she was born makes no difference. 
She is what you see." Margie said, making some sense.
      "You don't want me to do that too, do you.  I mean go all the
way like Sharon did?" I said becoming very apprehensive.  The idea
that they would pay me to just have a female apprearance was not
without some appeal.  In fact, it was exciting.  But the thought
of loosing my cock for a cunt, now that was not what I wanted to
do, not at all.
      "No, Ron, we want you to just LOOK female.  Sharon and Margie
like a stiff cock every now and then, and, well, if you looked more
the female part, I guess even I could think of it as a special
dildo myself once in a while." Karen said smiling as she looked
down to where my cock had begun to arise as I thought of making it
with them again.
      "I will admit, I have wondered what it would be like to have
tits, to feel someone suck them and all of that.  I just never
though that anyone would ever ask me to grow them.  Nor is it a
problem with dressing the part either.  I have always thought that
women's clothing was much softer, sexier, and better looking than
anything for a man.  I just don't know about this." I said.
      Karen walked over to open one of the cases, she reached in
and lifted out some clothing and took out a large envelope and a
small box.  She tossed me the box, which I caught and slowly turned
over in my hands, not knowing what was in it.
      "Those are the first pills, we have to change the size of
them as you take them longer.  To make sure that you get to the
right level to have the changes happen like we want.  If you agree
to take them, and we are not asking you to undergo any surgery, or
even promise to go through any, then this is your's as of right
now." She said and then tossed me the envelope.  I peeked into the
envelope, it was all cash, and a lot of it.  I could only assume
it was the $200,000 they offered.  I had to think about this
carefully.  I had been out of work for a long time now.  If it were
not for Sharon helping me out, I would have long ago lost
everything.  And the thought did turn me on somewhat.  Slowly I
came to a decision and put the money on the entertainment center.
      "Ok.  I will do it." I said, wondering if I was going to
regret this, but, looking at the three gals still half nude before
me, I doubted it very much.
      So every morning I took one of the pills, and waited to see
if anything was going to happen to me.  Sharon had finally agreed
to move in with me.  Margie had been right, it did not matter what
anyone had been in the past, this was now, and now Sharon was one
of the hottest looking women I had ever seen, let alone been with. 
I was sure that the money the twins had had helped in creating her
as she was, but I was the recipient of that hard work, and to be
honest, I was quite in love with her, and did not care if she was
all natural, or had been helped by a surgeon some time in the past.
      Soon the twins talked us both into moving into a bigger
place, one that they owned and would give to us if we would take
it.  It was beautiful!  It had a huge garage, lots of acrage, a
large covered pool behind the house.  Everything we could have
asked for in a home, including privacy, the privacy to walk around
the yard or the pool in the nude if we wished, or for me to move
about in a skirt and blouse, with no one the wiser.  Here was a
place we could do as we wished, even screw by the pool, all without
anyone seeing anything.  We agreed and soon moved to the house. 
Meanwhile I had been taking the pills for quite a while now.  My
hips hand increased by almost 3 or 4 inches, and I was sporting a
set of almost B cup tits all of my own.  Sharon did not waste any
time once they began to develop in showing me how much she could
make me appreciate these changes.  The twins had also brought a
friend with them who had a strange machine.  First they had trimmed
all the hair on my body fairly short, then this woman came in and
ran her machine for hours on several different days, poking and
proding all over my exposed body.  When she left, the only hair on
my body, besides on my head, and like eyebrows, was a neatly
trimmed bush just around my cock.  If I did not see the cock in the
middle of it, I would have said it was a neatly trimmed pussy.  The
friend has assured me that the removal was permanent, and soon I
realized she had been telling the truth.  I had had to shave twice
a day in the service, now I did not have to shave at all.  My face
looked smoother, and I kind of liked it actually.

--

Archive-name: Changes/dream08.txt
Archive-author: Chuck 447
Archive-title: Dream, Fantasy and Nightmare - 8


                       The Dream, Part 8

      The twins would come by all the time, and we would have some
fantastic sex every time they did, all four of us, either as
distinct, but trading couples, or as all four of us.  They
constantly bought us both sexy and senual clothing, all feminine,
of course, since I never wore men's clothing anymore.  Actually,
I did not miss men's clothing at all, the things I did have to wear
were far softer and much more comfortable than the old jeans I had
been used to.  Of course, I could still slip on a pair of jeans,
and do things that I needed them to do, but for the most part, I
loved the lovely feminine clothes I had.  The twins had given me
even more money, and continued to make sure that there was enough
coming in to us to take care of us if anything happened to them. 
Our investments and savings grew until it was sufficient to support
Sharon and I for the rest of our lives, even if neither of us ever
worked again.
      By this time I had reached the limit of what the pills could
bring out in me.  I was smallest breasted of all 4 of us by a bit
more than a full cup.  It was not too much longer before they began
to work at me to go with them to their doctor who could help me
with that, and give me the same size breasts as Sharon, Karen and
Margie had.  They wanted me to, and kept at me until I finally
agreed, my sense of owing, and loving them, getting the better of
me.  We had become a 4 member family  And with only a couple of
reservations, there was nothing I would not give to them.  This was
not outside of those limits.  It was not long before we paid that
visit to the doctor, it only took an hour or two, and then it was
done.  Other than I was taller than they, and had not had any other
surgery to enhance my other looks, or remove the most promenent
difference, we all looked very much alike if we dressed alike.  But
sex, now that was something else, and each girl took a turn sitting
on my stiff cock, and sitting her hot, wet pussy on my face, or
sucking on my hard nippled tits.  I think I must have died that day
and gone to heaven!
      Then one day Sharon came in, she was upset, badly, I could
tell, even though she tried hard not to let me see it.  Finally she
began to weep, and I made her tell me what was the matter.
      "Karen and Margie are sick.  They may not live much longer,
Ron.  And no, it is nothing we can catch, it is a problem that is
in their genetic makeup."
      "Oh." I said, falling silent myself.  I had grown to love
Karen and Margie almost as much as I loved Sharon.  I could hardly
believe that this could be true. Sharon and I talked and agreed to
go visit the twins in the hospital the next day.  We did, and then
they asked to talk to us each individually.  Margie talked to
Sharon for a long time, while Karen and I chatted about many
things, one of which was how a tiny thing like a gene could damage
only one important organ and take them away from us, and each
other.  It was not fair.  I would miss them very much and I told
Karen this as I held her in my arms for a bit.
      "You could have a bit of me with you for always, Ron." Karen
said.
      "How is that?" I asked.
      "Right now, Margie is telling Sharon that we had her tissues
compared to Sharon's, from some of the things that needed to be
done a long time ago.  The doctor says that a transplant will work
just fine." Karen said.
      "Transplant?  What are you planning to transplant?" I said,
somewhat afraid of the answer.
      "Well, you know Sharon cannot have any children, but we can,
we have had to be on the pill and use other methods to keep from
being pregnant since we met you, Ron.  What Margie would like to
do is have all the working organs moved from her to Sharon when she
goes, so that, with your sperm, a child of her's will live, and
Sharon, that we both love, will raise the child and take good care
of it.  For that we have left a larger sum to ensure that the child
never wants for anything, if she accepts that is."
      "I see.  Well, I know Sharon would like to have a child.  We
have talked about that before.  She may well accept.  But you said
we could keep a piece of you.  That will give us a bit of Margie
to love, but what about you?" I asked very curiously.
      "Well, you would not do this, but, we told the attorney to
give you and Sharon a certain amount if she accepts the deal.  But,
if you were to undergo surgery, not like Sharon's did to convert
herself from male to female, well at least not in that way, then
you two would get all that we have.  Everything."
      "What are you trying to say?"
      "Ron, you would be rich.  What I am asking you to do is have
my whole set of organs, pussy, uterus, tubes and ovaries, the whole
thing, transplanted into you.  Yes, it would make you fully female,
and it might well mean that neither of you would have to take
another premarin ever again.  But if you put your sperm in the
sperm bank every day between now and when this stuff gets us, you
could have enough to insure that each of you would get pregnant,
and then each child would be half your's and half each of us.  I
know it is a lot to ask, and irreversable.. but, isn't it worth if
to you for over 125 million dollars?  That is what our estate is
worth.  Think about it." Karen said is such a serious way that I
knew she meant every word of it.  It took me a long time to come
to any kind of decision.  Sharon and I talked about it constantly. 
And just incase, I visited the sperm bank every day and made a
deposit.  Finally, my greed, and grief, got the better of me, and
I agreed.  2 months later the twins died of heart failure.  Two
days later the surgery was done, all finished.  A month later it
was all verified that it had taken, and we began to try to have a
child, each of us, with my seed.  It only took a month before we
both knew we were with child.  We may have lost the twins, but we
would have their children to keep our hearts warm with their love
in our old age.
(Thank goodness medical science is not quite this advanced yet, eh?)

--

Archive-name: Changes/dream09.txt
Archive-author: Chuck 447
Archive-title: Dream, Fantasy and Nightmare - 9


                         The Dream, Part 9

       This story is NOT just a fantasy, it is the retelling of a
very vivid dream I had not all that long ago.. Parts of it are from
my own fantasies, parts of them are a few steps (miles?) beyond any
thoughts or recognised desires I have ever had.  This dream was so
realistic though, that I halfway expect that phone call, or for the
twins to knock at my door at any time.  As for the names "Ron" and
"Sharon", I have made those up for the sake of the sake of telling
this story.  My name is not Ron, and it was me in the dream, and
my girlfriend's name is not Sharon.  I know enough of her past to
know that there are no such secrets in her past.  Also, I doubt
very much that she would, even for a second, consider the act of
bisexual love making, nor would she be all that pleased to find me
and a pair of lovely twins sleeping in my waterbed.
      Oh, and for "Sharon" to leave me that outfit hanging on my
closet, that is something that has never happened in real life, not
that I might object to it if it did, I kinda like to live out my
own, and my partner's fantasies!  I HAVE worn female apparel
before, for halloween, and once when I was told the apartment was
going to be used for a lingerie party and that men had to be gone.
      This was quite strange, and it has not been just once, but
more than once that I have had this dream.  Funny part is, I do not
even know a pair of redheaded twins, I cannot recall even knowing
any good looking female twins of any sort off hand. It is true that
I have always had a fantasy of making it with gorgeous twins, and
that a secret desire of mine, call it an ideal woman, if you will,
being a gorgeous redhead, not necessarily a twin.  I will even
admit that I have been curious about how tits felt, and somewhat
envious of how women's clothes are softer and better looking than
a man's, and of the way that a mother and child bond closer.  I
always thought that God should have made men with tits too, to
share the job of nursing an infant.  But he didn't..
      Anything beyond these few admissions I leave to your own
minds.  If you want to know if I would do any of these things,
well, at the moment, I would not do too many of them, since I do
work for a living, and there is no way that I could do so under the
conditions as put in this dream.  Of course, if you have the bucks
to keep me from having to go to work every day, then, who can say. 
Ask me, maybe I would, maybe I would not, I can't say right now. 
I woke up only a couple of hours ago from another visitation by
this same dream, nightmare?, and wanted to get it down while it was
still fresh in my mind.  Beyond that, use your imaginations.I can
only hope that your imagination is as warped as mine is in that
case!
     Okie, with that all said now, any comments from anyone out there?
I still have no idea what has brought this dream on, or why it has come
to me more than once.  It sure starts out as a fantasy for me, but later
it gets into areas that I have never had any desires or thoughts of going
to.  Why I decided to share this with anyone, I am not sure either, save
that is just seems to fit with the general attitude of this place.  Oh,
and before you ask, no, this dream did NOT start after I got access to
this echo, it happened before, at least a month or two before.
     Some of you may wish to see this as nothing more than a fanciful
tale of a fertile mind.  It may well be only that, save that it was
written in a dream, rather than on paper.  Others may read more deeply
rooted psychological meaning into it.  Who is to say which is right and
which is not?   I sure have no idea why I created this dream, or what it
was that triggered off, and triggers it to recur.  May you can take a
good guess.
            Chuck 447
          
--
