Archive-name: 3plus/dreameve.txt
Archive-author: The CunninguLord
Archive-title: Dream Evening


08/19/92

	Good evening, and I DO mean good!  It's about 3:30 AM as I sit here
writing this.  I wanted to put it all down on paper so soon after it all
happened, so as not to forget the smallest detail.  What transpired this 
evening was so breathtaking, that I fear it may never happen again.
Although I am exhausted, I don't plan to sleep until I've recounted every-
thing to you, gentle reader.  Time has a way of fogging our memories, and
I'm writing this because I don't want to forget it.  I'll refer to it when-
ever I wish to recall the magic of the evening.
	My wife, Denise, is sleeping naked on our sofa in the living room.
I covered her with a light blanket, and gave her lips a gentle kiss of
appreciation before coming in here to my word processor.  I truly am a 
lucky man to have married such a wonderful, caring woman.
	We've been married four years now, and have no children.  I honestly
don't want any, but if she were to ask, I would never deny her the most
wonderful experience any woman can have: Motherhood.  She has been so good
to me over the years that the thought of denying her anything has never
entered my mind!  Yes, I am truly a lucky man!
	Denise, you see, has an insatiable appetite for sex.  However, she
is rather inhibited about doing things she deems "Too Kinky".  By "Too 
Kinky" I mean, sharing partners, anal sex, or doing anything with another
woman.  I, on the other hand, have few, if any, inhibitions about any of
these things.  Of course, I don't enjoy pain, humiliation, or water sports,
but mild bondage & discipline can be fun once in a while.  I've spoken to
her on numerous occasions about swapping, or, maybe, having a threesome
with me and a woman of her choice.  While she's been receptive to these
suggestions, she has also been reserved.  "Maybe someday," she'll say,
"I'll suprise you.", but then she quickly changes the subject.
	Now, let me give you a little background as to what lead up to this
evening I enjoyed so much that I'd write about it.  My friend Paul, who I
work with, and I are on a softball team for the company we work for.
We play every Friday after work against a team from other companies in the
area.  Normally Denise and Paul's wife, Melissa, come to the games to 
cheer our team.  This Friday, however, they told us they were going to stay
at our house and prepare a nice dinner for us.  "OK," we said, "we'll be
sure to work up our appetites."  They promised a full course dinner, with
all the trimmings.  What could be better than that?  We were to find out
after dinner...

	We played against Mitchell & Sons that day, a rather successful
accounting firm in the area.  The game started off bad, and only got worse.
By the fourth inning they were winning with six runs to our one!  The score
stayed at six to one throughout the rest of the game.  A small, very small,
testimony to our fielding ability when we're humiliated.  At least we had
dinner to look forward to, so our spirits weren't completely crushed.
	The girls had done an excellent job.  The aroma wafting from the
kitchen wrapped its arms around us, and lured us to the dining table. "Not
yet!" the women yelled, "not until the two of you have showered, you both
smell terrible!"  Of course we smelled pretty bad, what with playing soft-
ball in 90 degree heat!  So, we both showered and changed.  Melissa had
brought a change of clothes for Paul.
	The dinner was excellent.  Filet Mignon with Maison butter, fresh 
asparagus with hollandaise sauce, oven roasted potatoes in a cream sauce, 
and, for dessert, a very rich chocolate mousse that Melissa had made from
scratch!  While eating we'd gone through two and a half bottles of wine, so
we were all full and feeling more than relaxed.
	I'll skip the part about washing the dishes, and the small talk in
the living room after dinner.  That's really not all that important to my
tale.  Suffice it to say, there was more wine after dinner.  We were all
VERY loose in no time at all.
	The girls made some excuse to leave the room.  Paul and I were left
alone in the living room, while our wives were in my bedroom for something.
I don't really remember the excuse they gave, or how all of this had been
led up to.  Remember, we'd all had a little more than enough to drink.
	After about ten minutes had passed, I got up to go to the room to
ask if the girls needed help or anything.  Actually, I was just curious as
to what they were up to.  "Just a minute," Denise called, "wait for us in
the living room."  Now my curiosity had peeked!  What were they up to?
	Another ten minutes passed before we heard the bedroom door open.
The girls strode into the room wearing the most incredible lingerie either
Paul and I had ever seen!  Both of our wives had garters on, the favorite
under garment of all men, and had done each others' hair into sexy, but
not trashy looking styles!
	
	Amazingly enough, gentle reader, as I sit here typing this, once
again I feel stirrings in my loins!  After what I'd been through, I thought
my cock would be sleeping happily for days!  Now he's waking once again!
Maybe I'll be waking Denise when I'm finished, for just one more erotic
interlude.  I really don't think she'll mind.

	The women walked slowly toward the couch Paul and I were sitting 
on.  We both rose, but they eased us back to our previous sitting position.
Melissa stood before Paul, and Denise in front of me.  They then began a
slow, sexy dance before us.  Moving their bodies suggestively, and coming
within inches of us before moving away.
	They danced like this for two minutes or so.  Then Denise moved
away from me and towards Paul!  Melissa was now slowly dancing toward me,
until both women were mere inches from each other's spouse!  My beautiful
wife, my inhibited, somewhat shy wife, was dancing with her breasts only
and inch from my best friend's nose!  I wasn't jealous, after all Melissa
had bent over in front of me.  Her perfectly round ass only a foot or so
from my face!  She was wearing a G-String pair of panties that covered 
both of her holes and almost nothing else!
	My wife, gyrating slowly before Paul's roaming eyes, lowered her top
exposing her firm breasts to his inspection.  Melissa, standing before me,
did the same.  She asked if I'd like to touch her, at that moment I wanted
nothing more!  I looked to my wife for approval, but saw that Paul already
had a hold of her, and was lightly teasing her diamond-hard nipples!  I
placed my hands on her well rounded hips.  Melissa has the best set of hips
of any woman I'd ever met, and now I was enjoying their soft curves in the
palms of my hands!  The four of us had been to the beach together many times.
I always wondered what it would be like to touch Melissa's skin.  Now I 
knew that feeling!
	Paul had tired of using only his hands on my wife.  He pulled her to
him, and began showering kisses on her tits.  My wife has incredible tits.
They're not exactly huge, or anything, but well rounded and absolutely
firm!  I know Paul had wanted her tits as much as I'd wanted his wife's
hips and ass, we were both getting what we wanted!
	Denise gently pushed Paul away and began to come toward me.  Melissa
lightly removed my hands from where they had travelled to grasp her firm
ass, and I was forced to stop licking her stomach.  She then moved to
her husband.
	Each woman slowly undressed, each in front of their own husband.
Once they were both completly naked, they took our hands and asked us both
to stand.  While standing there, Paul and I were relieved of our own
clothing!  Both of our cocks were at full attention and anticipating what
was to come.
	Paul and I sat back down on the sofa as our wives dropped to their
knees.  They took our cocks in their mouths, and we smiled happily around
our mutual moans of pleasure.  They licked, sucked, nibbled, and swallowed
us until we were both on the verge of ejaculation.  Then they suddenly
stopped!  
	They moved away from us and stood once again.  We were told to
remain seated, for now, and just to enjoy the little surprise they had
in store for us.  We sat.
	Once again they began gyrating slowly.  This time they didn't move
toward either Paul or myself, but toward each other!  Each eying the other
as hungrily as they'd done us earlier!  Paul and I looked at each other
with stunned surprise on our faces!  We didn't look at each other for more
than two seconds, though.  Hell, we didn't want to miss seeing what the
women had in mind to do!
	The girls now had their arms locked around each other!  Dancing
together like a man and a woman in love might.  Both swaying gently to the
music only they could hear.  Each one's hands slid down the other's back
until they were firmly holding each other's ass!  Then they began to kiss.
Softly, at first, then with more passion!  Deep, loving kisses that Paul and
I both knew.  Their breasts pressed firmly together, each woman's nipples
stimulating the other's, they remained lip locked for several minutes.
	Slowly, almost catlike, they slid down to the floor.  Once there
they began making love in earnest!  My wife laying on top and just to the
side of Melissa.  Denise kissed her, her left hand softly caressing 
Melissa's breasts.  Melissa's fingers became intertwined in Denise's hair
as my wife lowered her lips to show attention to Melissa's pert nipples.
	She sucked and bit at Melissa's breasts, returning to her nipples
over and over again.  Melissa was breathing like a race horse until Denise
slid her left hand down to Melissa's waiting crotch.  There she used the
tips of her fingers to spread Melissa open, and lightly tease her pink clit.
Now Melissa squealed in pleasure!
	From our vantage point on the sofa, Paul and I could see every pink
fold of Melissa as my wife's fingers worked her into a frenzy.  Both Paul
and I were holding, and softly stroking, our throbbing cocks!  How much 
more would we be able to just sit there and watch?!
	My wife moved her hand away from Melissa's dripping crotch.  She
turned, and the next thing we knew, our wives were 69 on my living room
carpet!  They tongued each other eagerly, paying close attention to each
other's clit.  In almost no time, the were both howling as mutual orgasms
wracked their sweat slickened bodies!  They stayed in this position for a 
moment longer, then separated and kissed each other deeply.  Their tongues
probing deep into each other's mouths.  Each tasting the other, as well as
themselves.
	Now they turned and started crawling toward us.  We were both, Paul
and I, more than ready for this!  Imagine our surprise, yet again, as Denise
went to Paul and Melissa came for me!
	Denise lowered her head and damn near swallowed Paul!  Melissa, 
likewise, did the same for me!  Paul and I moaned together.  This was
fantastic!  Melissa gave great head!  Now I'm not saying that she was better
at it than Denise.  It may have felt a little better just because it was
different.  I believe my wife gives the best head of any woman in
this hemisphere.  I looked at Paul and smiled, because I think he had just
found out the same thing!  I watched for a while as my wife sucked him off,
then turned my attention back to Melissa's upturned eyes.  I saw pleasure
there, and I'm sure she saw the same in mine.
	As we neared climax, the women moved away from our throbbing cocks!
This time they didn't leave them pulsing in frustration, but grasped them
in their hands.  They stroked for five or ten more seconds until, only 
about two seconds apart, Paul and I were jetting our cum onto each other's
wife's breasts!  The women used their free hands to rub it all over their
tits, lingering longer on the nipples!
	As we finished releasing our love-made-fluid from our cocks, the
women again wrapped their lips around them to be sure to get every last 
drop.
	They moved away then, wrapping their arms around each other.  Each
started to lick clean the other's glistening breasts!  Melissa cleaned her
husband's juice from my wife's chest, while Denise removed mine from
Melissa's!  They took their time, knowing it would be a few minutes until
Paul and I were ready to continue.  They had both lowered their hands to one
another's crotch, and proceeded to mastubate each other.  Within one minute,
they were both moaning into each other's ear, while the orgasmic
convulsions shook their shoulders!  They kissed again, and held each other
for a moment longer.  Then they looked back to us!
	Paul and I dropped to our knees, and began crawling toward them as
they separated once more.  I took Melissa in my arms, and Paul did the same
with Denise.  We layed the women on their backs and kissed each deeply and
passionately.  Our hands searching to touch every inch of their bodies at
once, lingering between the soft folds of their womanhood.  
	I cannot recount to you what Paul was feeling, so I'll only be able
to give you my account of making love to his wife.  Having been married to
Denise for four years, I pretty much knew what he was feeling!
	I lifted Melissa's legs and lowered my lips to her waiting clit.
Once there, I drove the length of my tongue into her.  She squealed, once
again, in pleasure!  I nibbled at her lips, teased her clit with rapid
flicking of my tongue, and repeatedly drove my tongue in and out of her!
She was twice as wet as Denise had ever been, and I swallowed her juices
eagerly!  My hands were then busying themselves with her firm, pink nipples.
Softly caressing, then pinching firmly till they were harder than stones 
against my fingertips!  She let out a wail of ecstasy that I thought would
shatter the windows!  
	As she reached climax, I slid one hand quickly down her firm stomach
and drove two fingers deep inside her.  Sucking hard at her luscious clit,
she screamed and drove herself against my face.  She seemed to come forever!
Warm, delicious juices pouring from her, into my mouth, and down my throat!
But, I wasn't able to get all of it into my mouth!  Some ran down my chin,
the rest down her firm thighs to the carpet.  I was barely able to suppress
a smile thinking: "Thank God Denise and I sprang for the StainMaster!"
After convulsing for what seemed like an eternity, she relaxed and pulled
away from me.
	She gently urged me to sit up, and once I had, impaled her face on
my cock!  I almost came immediately!  How I managed to control myself, I'll
never know!  From this position I could see my wife and Paul locked in their
own 69, both moaning around their mutual mouthfuls!
	No sooner had I started to enjoy this view, they both came at the
same time.  Rocking together and quietly howling in their own semi-private
heaven.  They moved apart, and looked to Melissa and me.
	Denise stated to Melissa that she'd like to share my pulsing cock
with her!  I wasn't about to refuse her!  Next thing I knew, there were two
mouths working at the shaft of my dick!  This was as close to heaven as I'd
ever get, I knew!
	With my wife on all fours as she fought her tongue battle with
Melissa for dominance over my cock, I saw Paul move behind her, and slide
quickly into her open pussy!  
	So there we were, me on my back with two women licking me to orgasm,
and Paul driving into my wife from behind!  Never in my wildest dreams did
I ever think I'd have a night like this, and with Denise not only consenting,
but initiating it!  I was truly a lucky man!
	Melissa moved away from my cock.  Conceding defeat to Denise's more
skilled tongue?  My wife then swallowed me, and began giving me what I loved
to receive!  Then I saw Melissa's wet pussy lowering itself onto my face 
once again!  While Paul fucked my wife doggy style, and Denise was blowing
me, Melissa was grinding against my probing tongue!  This went on for another
minute or so, until Paul and I were moaning with simultaneous orgasms!  His
cum overflowed Denise's pussy and began running down her inner thigh!  Once 
again, I thanked God for StainMaster!
	Denise lay on her back, now.  Melissa had requested the pleasure of
licking her husband's juice from my wife's recently fucked pussy!  To the
suprise of Paul and myself, Denise didn't mind!  While Melissa was buns-up,
I took the opportunity to slide my cock into her!  She was so tight!  It was
like having a vice clamped on your dick, but I'd be damned if I'd let any-
one loosen it!
	Paul came into the picture then, lowering his cock to my wife's 
open mouth.  He then began pumping her face, fucking her mouth like he'd
recently done her pussy!  The four of us carried on like this for what seemed
like an hour or more!  After we had all acheived our final orgasms of the
evening, we collapsed into one sweating, satisfied ball of flesh on the
living room floor!
	We lay there for a while, until we had all recovered.  We then got
dressed and made some small talk for a while longer.  Of course, Paul and I
wanted to know what had brought all this on.  The girls informed us that
three months ago, while Paul and I were attending a business seminar out
of town, they'd gotten together.  Neither of them had expected what had come
next, but they were both so horny, what with their husbands out of town, that
you really couldn't blame them!  They'd been lovers for the past three
months, and Paul and I had been none the wiser!
	The girls were a little worried that when we found out we might be
jealous or angry or something!  Ha, imagine that!  Our wives fulfilling
every man's fantasy, and us getting upset about it!  No no no no no...  We
let them know that we really appreciated being brought out of the dark.
	We said goodnight to Paul and Melissa, Paul kissing Denise, and
Melissa probing the back of my throat with her tongue.
	We made promises to have dinner at their house next time.  Of course
we all knew exactly what was on the menu!  Denise and I watched as Paul and
Melissa drove away, then faced each other and kissed softly.
	Somehow we found the energy to make love once again.  It was slow,
and passionate.  In my way, I guess I was saying thank you with action.  I
don't know for sure, but afterward we held each other for over half an hour,
each of us happy to be in the other's embrace.
	Denise, too tired to climb the stairs, lay down on the sofa and
immediately drifted off to sleep.  I watched her sleeping there for a while,
after I'd covered her.  I love this woman, she has given me so much over the
years.

	Now I sit here at the end of my story.  I hope you've enjoyed
reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.  It's now 5:30 AM, I guess I'll
sleep for an hour or two.  I'm going to wake up early, and prepare a nice
breakfast for Denise.  She deserves it.

               					Goodnight......
--
