Archive-name: Family/dremtrue.txt
Archive-author: Chad Tipton
Archive-title: Dream Come True, A

		    (a tale of incest, kinda)


	I own two cats, Bear and Precious. Of the two cats I think I'm
more like Bear than it's good for me to be. The two of them are litter
mates, even though you can't tell by looking at them. Bear is a
beautiful balck long hair and Precious is a white and gey short hair.
I say I'm much like Bear because, really, we have the same temperment.
	Bear wants to be everyone's friend, he's mellow and pretty
laid back. He's a gorgeous cat (I always thought I was fairly good
looking myself), and when Precious went into heat, he tried to help
her out. Yep, me and Bear, we got a lot in common. Only problem is, I
don't have a sister.
	Ever since going through puberty I've had this fantasy of
knowing my sister in every forbidden way. But, like I said, no sister.
	I am the youngest of three boys. My mother died when I was
young so I barely remember her. My Dad has remained unmarried since
then and I have absolutely zero female relatives in a four state
radius. So, from those early days of puberty I knew I was out of luck,
and actually never thought that I'd ever get my wish. Five months ago
Dad got married again.
	Linda is a nice woman, blonde haired with a pretty face. My
Dad loves her and my brothers and I are happy for him. Best part is,
she has two daughters. Grace is twenty-five and lives with her husband
and son across town, Lisa, like me, is still living at home.
	I attend the local college and instead of moving someplace
where I actually have to pay rent, I moved down into the basement
which Dad converted into a small apartment when my older brother Mark
went to college and decided to live at home like I was. The basement
was comfortable, large enough for the occasional party and with
suffecient privacy for those times I want to bring someone home with
me. The basement had it's own entrance so no one ever need know what
was going on in my little hideaway. 
	So, when Lisa moved in I thought I had died and gone to
heaven. She was blonde like her mother, except that pretty face could
stop traffic and she had a knock out body that got me hard everytime I
looked at her. Best yet, Lisa was only sixteen, and she adored her new
older brother, that's right, me.
	Lisa was a junior in high school and, like me, she decided she
wanted to go to good old NMIT when she got out of school. She non-stop
asked me questions of college life and forever wanted to tag along
with me. I think if I hadn't wanted to fuck her so bad she would have
driven me insane. But, as it was, her being around all the time had me
with a constant hard-on. I finally decided that I needed some kind of
realease, and what better way than fufilling a fantasy.
	I figured my best chance at fucking my new little step-sister
would probably have to envolve an elaborate suduction. Only thing is,
I though I was to be on the seducing side.
	I was sitting in my living room on saturday, my date for that
evening had canceled. Nikki, though very good in bed, was kinda flakey
and had run off to Santa Fe to get her chakras in line or something.
So I pretty much thought I was going to be spending a boring night at
home.
	I wandered up into the main part of the house and went into
the kitchen to fish around in the fridge. While I was bent or into the
cool confines of left over heaven, someone goosed me. I jumped and
thumped the back of my head on the top of the fridge. I groaned,
rubbing the back of my head and turned to see Lisa gigling behind me.
	"Oh, you're so funny," I said as I reached out to tickle her.
She gave a little scream and jumped away, her body bouncing incredibly
in her thin cotton short set.
	"Lisa, Chad!" Dad called from the living room. I sneered at
Lisa and she stuck her tongue out at me as she moved away across the
kitchen.
	"Hey," Lisa said as she leaned back against the counter while
I went back to searching the fridge, "you wanna go see a movie?"
	"Which one?" I mumbled, paying more attention to a plate of
soggy mashed potatoes (and the though of those young firm breasts of
her's that gigled in her top so amazingly) than to what she was
saying.
	"Oh, I don't know," she said picking at a fingernail, "I just
want to get out of here for awhile. It's Saturday night for
chrissakes."
	"Fine," I said, the gears in my brain starting to click, "go
get the newspaper."
	She bounced off to find the movie section while I pieced
together a sandwhich and wandered back down stairs, trying to
formulate a plan. When Lisa wandered down the stairs to my living
room, her breasts swaying under that thin cotton shirt and her sweet
little ass bouncing with each step, I decided just to let the evening
go and see where we ended up.
	She sat on the couch next to me, the paper between her legs
and I shivered as she gave me a perfect view of her pussy swathed in
her little cotton shorts.
	"How about we go see Singles?" she asked and I nodded my
agreement. "The next showing is at ten."
	"Are you sure Linda will let you stay out so late?" I asked
teasingly.
	"Of course, I'll be with my big brother." Lisa smiled back and
I could feel ripple upon ripple of pleasure flow through my body.
	We told Dad and Linda our plans and headed out a little before
ten with the promise that we wouldn't come in too late and we'd try
not to wake either of them up (if I had my way we wouldn't).
	We got to the theater and stood in line for our tickets. Dad
had suprisingly given me money to pay for the thing and I felt as if I
were some high school kid taking out his steady girlfriend instead of
my sexy step-sister.
	"Oh-no," I heard Lisa breathe and she grabbed at my hand. I
looked down curiously at her.
	"Chad, do me a really big favor," Lisa commanded. "You got to
pretend that you're my boyfriend."
	I looked at her cross-eyed, I'm sure, because she gave me a
pleading stare. But, before I had time to agree or even ask her why, a
tall pimply faced kid walked over and said,  "Hi, Lisa."
	Lisa looked kinda nonchalant and wrapped her arm around my
waist. "Oh. Hi, Greg," she returned as if she hadn't seen him coming.
	Tall, pimply Greg looked at me and then back at Lisa. Lisa
smiled, "Oh, this is my boyfriend Chad . . . Chad, this is Greg, a
friend of mine from shcool." I nodded at Greg as he gave me a
half-hearted greeting. 
	"Well, hope you enjoy the movie," Greg said and started to
move away. I purposely let my hand slip from Lisa's waist to her and
pulled her closer to me.
	"We will," I said and then bent my head to kiss Lisa. She
offered no resistence and my tongue probed her mouth in a kiss that
had my entire body quaking. I brushed one of her pert breasts with my
thumb as Greg beat a hasty retreat. I held the kiss longer than was
actually needed and at that moment I was on the verge of throwing
sister Lisa to the floor and fucking her there in front of everyone.
	If I'd had my way, the kiss would have continued until neither
one of could stand anymore, but seating for the movie was called and
we reluctantly parted. Lisa looked flushed and quickly turned her eyes
from mine which made me wonder what she saw there. Lust crazed eyes,
no doubt.
	I don't remember much of the movie. Needless to say, I kept
rerunning that kiss through my head and had a hell of a time keeping
my prick down. Once during the movie, Lisa bent her head against my
shoulder and wrapped her arm with mine. I thought I'd explode since
when I looked over at her I could see the swell of her breasts under
the neckline of her shirt. For the rest of the movie I stared blankly
at the screen praying that it would be over soon. After what seemed an
eternity it finally was.
	On the way out of the theater I held her close agaisnt me, my
hand splayed across her hip, for the benefit of Greg I assured myself,
but Lisa said nothing and walked easily in time with me. We climbed
into my car and drove home in silence.
	Once there we wandered up to the front door and I stopped. I
felt like I was delivering my date to her front step and then rushing
off to mastubate while thinking of her.
	"Umm," Lisa murmured before I stuck my key in the door. "I'm
not really tired yet. Are you?" I shook my head. "Why don't we watch
some TV?" she suggested.
	"Sure, we'll go down to my place so we don't wake the
parentals up." Lisa smiled brightly and followed me around to the side
of the house where the entrance to my basement apartment was.
	We went in and I turned the television on. I kept the volume
on and turned it to SNL. Joe Pesci was the host and he was quite
funny. Of course I was trying desperatly to think of anything other
than my petite little step-sister on the couch next to me, her shoes
kicked off and her breasts pressed into my arm as she leaned against
me.
	After a bit SNL ended and I switched the channel over th MTV.
We watched one video in silence and then, when a video came on I
turned to Lisa.
	"So what's the deal with this Greg guy?" I asked and I could
see a faintly repulsed look come into her eyes. I sat in envy as Bear
waltzed over and sat in her lap, she stoked his fur as she began to
explain.
	"Oh, he's just some creep who goes to my school. He's been
asking me out for months and I keep telling him I have a boyfriend--"
	"Which you don't . . ." I added.
	"Which I don't," she agreed. "I thought that him seeing me
with you might desuade him a little," She shruuged. "With that kiss
you gave me I don't see how he could come back . . ." she breathed as
if remembering that hot kiss we had shared in the theater.
	"Why don't you have a boyfriend?" I asked and she looked kinda
embarrased.
	"I don't know," she mumbled and was willing to let it drop at
that. But I was a bit curious.
	"Well," I said as I reached out to stroke her cheek, "it's
definitely not becuase you're not pretty."
	She looked up at me suprised, "You really think I'm pretty?"
	"Beautiful," I replied and she looked at me kinda dissapointed,
as if she had expected me to say `sexy' or more to the point
`fuckable.'
	"Look," I said and I grabbed her hand, "does this prove
anything to you?" I asked as I placed her delicate hand on the raging
boner I had been trying to conceal all evening.
	Her eyes widened in suprise for a moment but she didn't take
her hand away. Instead she caressed my prick through my heavy jeans
and made a cooing noise. Excitement shot through my body and I reached
out to stop her hand.
	"If you keep doing that I won't be responsible for want
happens," I grunted at her and she flipped me a quick smile.
	"I want to see it," she said and started working on getting my
pants open. Me head whirled in delight as I realized my fantasy was
finally going to come true.
	I leaned over and kissed her hard, my tongue meeting hers as I
let my hands wander up to the breasts I'd been dying to touch for the
last five months. I grabbed the edges of her slim top and yanked off
just as she managed to free my prick from its crowded confines.
	"Mmmm, it's pretty," she said as her hands flowed like liquid
over my hardon. She spread the dribble of pre-cum ooze over the tip
then reached down to place a tender kiss on it. She flicked her tongue
over the tip and then before I knew it, was trying to stuff the entire
thing down her throat. Her tongue worked wonders and I wondered if
this was her first blow job or not. Finally when she had given me a
good tongue lashing and I didn't think I could take anymore, I pulled
her up.
	"My turn," I told her as I yanked down her shorts, kissing her
breats and flicking the nipplpes with my tongue.
	I laid her back on the couch and sat on the floor between her
legs. Her cunt literally dripped as I slowly kissed the outside lips.
She moaned protestingly so I let my tongue delve into the folds of her
snatch. Lisa tasted sweet like honey and I licked up as much of her
juice as I could.
	"Oh, big brother," she moaned, and if it's possible, my hardon
got even harder, "I want your big, hard cock in me."
	I knew an invitation when I heard on so I pulled her down onto
the floor with me an d laid her back. I fished in my discarded clothes
for a condom and slipped it on.
	"I'm a virgin," Lisa said suddenly, a worried, yet blissful
look on her face as I continued to massage her clit with my thumb.
	"I'll be gentle, little sister," I said and leaned over her to
kiss her.
	I ran my hard prick the length of her slit, getting it nice
and moist for the initial penetration. Several times I popped just the
tip in for meer seconds then popped it back out it rub it along her
pussy some more. Finally she cried out and begged my to fuck her.
	"If it hurts, tell me to stop," I advised, but she ignored me,
her back arching, raising her hips to mine.
	I slipped the tip in again, but this time I followed through
and sank all the way into her. She cried out and tensed for a moment
with what little pain she had (afterwards she claimed she had had none
at all), then the cry turned to a moan of sheer pleasure and I began
to fuck her in long earnest strokes as I had wanted to do for so long.
	"Oh Lisa!" I cried as I moved in and out of her, kissing her
face and breasts the entire time. "Little sister." I was really
getting into fucking my sibling, and so was she as she returned with
calls of "Fuck me big brother!"
	Finally when I thought I wasn't going to be able to hold back
any more I felt her pussy tighten and ripple and she launched into a
head spinning orgasm. I followed quickly behind, my own climax brought
on by her's. When we finally floated back to earth I gently laid
myself beside her and kissed her deeply once more, our bodies sticking
together with sweat.
	"Oh, Lisa," I murmured as I nuzzled her breasts, thinking that
this was the most wonderful thing that had ever happened to me, a
dream come true.
	"Chad," Lisa said and I looked up expectantly at her, "there
is a reason why I don't have a boyfriend . . ." she looked momentarily
embarrassed. "Well, it's not that I don't want one. It's just, well,
the one I want . . . I don't know if he wants me . . ."
	It took me a moment then figured out exactly who she was
talking about. "Me?" I asked, pointing to my chest. Lisa looked
embarrassed and nodded.
	"Little sister," I said as I felt the length of my shaft
growing hard again, "there isn't anyone I'd like better."


--
