Archive-name: Fetish/dressup1.txt
Archive-author: Heather James
Archive-title: Why I Love "being" a Babe


    I love to come home when the house is sunny and quiet, early in
the morning.  I take a long, hot bubble bath, soaking in the warm
body lotion. Then, once I'm all smooth and sleek, and my skin is soft
and rosy, I set up my Bust Pump, and suck out my breasts into nice,
ripe melons. Once my bosoms are formed, I put the small tube onto the
pump, and plump my nipples to 4 or 5 times normal size. I've already
painted my toenails a pretty Snow Orange color,they look very nice poking
their way through the suds. I shower off, dry, and put on my make-up.
I put on a nice peach skintone, powder. and do my eyes in white,
orange, and brown, tracing in delicate arched brows, then setting of
my cheeks in a 3 toned peach blush. A bit of magic with a lip pencil,
then filling in with Snow orange lipstick......yum, I'm looking great
and still with short hair!  But, like most babes, I'm a blonde, so,
I brush out my favorite frosted blonde wig and touch it up a bit. I put
a coat of spirit gum on my forehead and on my temples, then tug the wig
down onto my head, pressing the cap against the spirit gum for a full
five minutes...There.. done.  I've got long blonde hair spilling down
my shoulders and across my breasts.I shake my head about.. fantastic..!

     But, below the waist is still all male, and really turned on..  by me!
I put on a black garter belt (still the best way to frame my "surprise"), and
rose up a pair of sheer  black stockings, slipping them up my tan, smooth legs
and then fastening the hooks mid-thigh. Well, a nice pair of legs is an asset
for a woman like me (hehehe). But still a most unfeminine bulge is apparent!
So, I slip on a pair of tight black panties, slipping my penis into the hidden
pocket, and folding it back under me as I pull the panties tightly to my waist.
     There, nice and smooth, and, I'm female!
     I pull my favorite Victoria's Secret black satin chemis, and slip it over
my shoulders, slide it down over my curves, and smooth it into place. 
I ease my long hair out from under the straps and then put on a turquoise satin
blouse, buttoning it only halfway up, to show off the black lace underneath.
I slip on a denim mini and tie the blouse tightly at the waist. I shake my head
and flip my hair around. I look especially tasty today and decide to  go out. 
     But first, I need jewelry!
I put on a triple stranded gold necklace, some bracelets and ring, and a big
pair of gold hoop earrings. There. Almost perfect..but, those fingernails
would look better painted. So, I get out the polish, the heated nail dryer, and
sit down to finish my change. Three glossy coats of Snow Orange later..
    Babelon!     I look fabulous!

   As I walk out to the car,  the men out in the neighborhood turn and stare,
appreciatively. So, I give them a show, because I love to tease them.
So, I wiggle my hips (a bit too much) and strut boldly, with a smile, over
to my car. I open the door and ease onto the seat, flashing a lot of leg 
and garter-top as I slide myself behind the wheel. After a few minutes of 
letting the car warm-up, and a lot of fussing in the mirror, I pull away,
smiling at the men as they stare. 

                        If only they knew......

                              Ah,
 
                      to be a babe in America!
--
