Copyright © 1997,    Bad Michel.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.



"Dear Hustler,"

by Bad Michel





 A letter I wrote to Hustler magazine after a  sexual eperience involving my picture being published in "Beaver Hunt"


 Dear Hustler, 


     It all started when I showed my fiance's friend, Fadi, Hustler's March issue.  I made sure to point out "Beaver Hunt", and my picture.  When Fadi got over his initial shock, he could not stop staring at the picture.  Then he begged to see the rest of the photos we had taken.  While Michael, my fiance, went to get the album, I did my best to get Fadi hot.  I stretched my legs on the couch, extended my arms over my head causing my upturned breasts to stretch the thin material of the shirt I was wearing.

     When Michael returned with the pictures, Fadi was openly touching his now stiff cock through his pants.  Knowing that fadi was hard, and would soon see the rest of my pics, had me dripping wet.  

     After looking, really staring, at the rest of the pictures, we decided to have a few drinks which always makes me horny.  Soon I had my hand in Michael's shorts, while he fingered my swollen pussy and teased my nipples.  When Fadi realized what was going on, he reached out to caress my neck.  

     Michael then removed my socks and caressed and kissed my feet, which made me cry out and moan.  Seeing how hot I was made Michael lose control.  Michael ripped off my shorts, threw my legs open, and dived into my cunt.  With Michael lapping at my dripping pussy, I knew I needed more from Fadi.

     I reached up behind me and pulled Fadi's hand down to mine.  As he kissed me passionately, I pulled my shirt up and pushed him down, where he devoured my rock hard nipples and swollen breasts.  His hands quickly explored my body, but especially my smoothly, shaven pussy.  

     When Michael stopped licking my pussy for just a second, Fadi quickly took over, rubbing his entire face into my grinding pussy.  When I grabbed his throbbing cock, he immediately let Michael take over again, to fully experience the orgasm he knew was coming.  

     Waves of cunt juice flooded my pussy when I realized Fadi was not circumcised, just the way I love a stiff cock to be.  In no time at all, Fadi had come in my hand after stroking his cock.  I was writhing against Michael's tongue as I screamed at the intensity of my own orgasm.

     Then it was Michael's turn.  I knelt down and began to suck his rock hard cock.  Soon I felt Fadi's eager fingers squeezing my ass and fingering my cunt.  But, Michael wanted more.  He pushed me onto the floor on my hands and knees and rammed his cock into my cunt.  I called out to Fadi and he knelt down in front of me.  Each time Michael rammed his cock into my dripping pussy, Fadi would stuff his his cock into my open mouth, almost gagging me every time. We were so hot, we all came almost right away, and almost all together.  
    
     We all needed a drink, so I volunteered to get them.  When I came out of the kitchen though, the guys had other plans.  Fadi stepped out from behind the hall door, scooped me up, and carried me into the bedroom where Michael was waiting.  

     I had a pretty good idea of what was about to happen, but decided to play along.  "What's going on?"  "Shut up and do what Daddy says!" Michael replied.  "Lay down!"
I lay back and Fadi tore my legs apart and tied them to the bed posts while Michael bound my arms.

     Michael then began to bite and lick my tits while Fadi fingered my very wet and excited pussy.  "Tell Fadi what you want!" Michael demanded.  I begged Fadi to lick my cunt, which he did immediately.  Soon he had me squirming and moaning.  My cunt flooded with my hot juice which Fadi continued to lap up.  

     "Take off your pants, I want to suck your cock Fadi!"  was all I had to say.  In seconds Fadi was stuffing his stiff cock into my mouth while Michael was between my legs ramming his cock into my hot, juicy cunt. 

     Michael was so hot watching me suck off his friend, that he blew his load in no time.  My sucking and stroking soon had Fadi moaning as he jizzed all over my tits and face.  Fadi was still hard after I milked him.  I continued to lick and suck him.  My pussy was still on fire and wanted his cock in me.

     I had Fadi lay back and straddled his hips.  I lined my dripping pussy over his erect cock and slammed down on it, easily it entered my steaming hole.  I leaned back and placed my hands on Fadi's thighs and rode him like a wild woman.  Fadi reached up and squeezed and mauled my tots and stiff nipples.  

     Fadi was thrusting to send his cock deeper into my pussy.  Michael leaned over and began to kiss me and squeeze my ass.  Michael would push me down forcefully, sending Faid' cock deeper into me.  In no time I felt an orgasm and wanted Fadi to cum inside me.

     "Fuck me, Fadi, fuck me hard" I screamed at Fadi.  Fadi began to pump and thrust furiously, almost bucking me off his cock.  Michael continued to squeeze and fondle me.  I knew I was about to cum and begged fadi to come, too.  I then came in waves of unbelievable plaesure.  Fadi then began to stiffen and I felt his cock get bigger, and then he moaned loudly as he pumped his load deep into my hole.  fadi pumped and pumped until he just lay back, exhausted. 

     We finished our drinks and afterwards, all fell asleep.    

 
MichXX1@aol.com














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....


