Archive-name: Amazon/drive.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Driving Home a Point



        Jim was had been driving for only a short time when he was 
passed by a small compact sports car.  As was his habit Jim looked 
from his perch in his van down into the car that was slowly passing 
him.  She was beautiful and she caught him looking at her; she smiled 
and pulled in front of him.  He could see her looking at him in her 
rear view mirror.  Her car began to slow down and Jim pulled out into 
the passing lane and passed her.  In a few minutes she once again pulled 
up along side of him and Jim once again looked down.  This time she pulled 
her skirt up a little bit more and showed him her sleek thigh. She was 
wearing a T-shirt that could barely contain her huge boobs and Jim almost 
had a wreck watching her.

        This hop scotch routine went on for several miles until she 
signalled him to follow her into the up coming rest area.  Jim was 
totally mesmerized by this time and he followed her car into the 
deserted rest area.  They parked their autos and Jim got out of the 
van and walked over toward the car.  Then Allison 'unfolded' herself 
out of her car.  Jim was 5'6" tall so his face was boob level with 
this beautiful amazon. 

        "Gee, you are cute and I've always wanted to see the inside 
of one of those van's.  Can I see the inside?" 

        Jim said of course and they walked over to the van.  He held 
the door open for her and almost fainted as he glimpsed the flex of her
calf as she stepped up into the van.  Allison sat on the back seat and 
told Jim to come and sit beside her; he readily did as he had been 
instructed. 

        "You know, I get tired of driving and I stop from time to time 
and try to get a little exercise to break up the drive.  I have been 
thinking about getting one of these and I have just decided that I am 
going to do just that. Tell me a little about yourself."  Jim began to 
tell her a little about his wife, kids and his job.  "I don't mean that 
kind of stuff.  Tell me about your exercise program, sports you play. 
You know, the physical stuff.  You said you were 42 years old, surely 
you workout or something like that."  Jim told her that he didn't have 
an exercise program and that he had been thinking about starting to try 
to get in shape.  Allison smiled and said, "I work out with weights and 
I wrestle men.  What do you think about my shape?  Would you like for me 
to let you feel my muscles?  Let's have a muscle comparison contest.  I'll 
bet you $100.00 that you don't have one muscle as big or as well developed 
as my 21 year old muscles.  Then, I've wondered how good a van would be as
a wrestling arena.  I'm going to use you to find out. "

   to be continued . . .


