  When I was 17, I worked part-time at a retail store. There was a girl
  I worked with named Kim. Kim was sweet 16 then. Cute and innocent. We
  had been good friends at work, talked a lot on break. Kim even giggled
  at the dirty jokes I told her. The way she giggled at the punch line
  was a cross between "Oh my God, that's disgusting" and "I'll have to
  try that sometime"

  One night in early October, she ask if I could give her a ride home.

  "Sure," I said "no problem."

  When we got outside, it was about 40 degrees. Much different from the
  Indian summer temp of 70 during the day. I had thought ahead to bring
  a light jacket to work, she on the other hand, did not.

  "It's cold" Kim shivered.

  "Do you want my jacket?"

  "Yes. Please"

  I took off my jacket and handed it to her as we walked to my car. When
  we got to my car, she asked if I had any new jokes to tell. I had a
  couple, so I told them to her. I continued to tell jokes for perhaps
  five minutes as we were driving. I was on a roll I guess.

  I knew the general area where to go. Kim had told me her parents had
  just bought one of the newly built houses at the end of town.

  Kim was sitting crooked in the seat, with her back against the door
  facing me. Although Kim was laughing at the jokes, she was quieter
  than normal.

  "You seem quiet."

  "Just horny" she said.

  It was when I looked at her that I noticed where her hands were. Her
  left was cupping one of her breast and the right was in her lap. I had
  never thought of Kim as anything more than a kid sister, but between
  the jokes, her statement, and the way she was sitting got my mind
  dreaming up some very erotic thoughts.

  "Keep driving. I'll do the talking now." Kim whispered.

  Kim started by telling me about how the last joke I told her,
  something about blowjobs, reminded her of when she watch her sister
  and her boyfriend a couple of nights before.

  "I had heard something down in the basement and went to take a look.
  Since I didn't know what it was, I decided to sneak up on it." Kim
  began.

  "As I reached the bottom of the stairs, what I saw was my sister and
  her boyfriend making out on the couch. They were in the middle of a
  french kiss. My sister had her hand down the guy's pants and was
  wearing only her bra and jeans. He was pinching her nipples and
  obviously was enjoying the hand job."

  "I had never watch a sex act before." Kim commented. "I felt
  embarrassed and knew I should leave, but it look so good."

  I told her how I too would began to feel aroused watching that. VERY
  Aroused. Kim smiled and started to unbutton her blouse as she
  continued with her story.

  "I watched as the guy lifted my sister's tits out of their bra and
  began to knead them with his hands. They stopped their kissing and my
  sister offered her breast to his mouth."

  Kim's talking only stimulated me more as she skillfully unhooked then
  removed her blouse and bra from underneath my jacket. She slid the
  straps down her arm from inside the jacket, so no one could see what
  was happening. Only I could see the lovely breast of hers, anyone
  driving by would only see the jacket.

  The urge to slam on the brakes and grab her was overwhelming. I
  started to reach for the pretty pink nipples and promptly was slapped
  on the wrist.

  "Keep you hands on the wheel and occasionally your eyes on the road"
  she said.

  Boy could she tease. If all I was going to get was a show, I thought,
  this is the one to get. Kim's musky aroma was beginning to fill my car
  and my mind.

  "My nipples are very sensitive." Kim said.

  Kim held up one of her breast, lick her forefinger, and began tracing
  the nipple with it.

  Kim complained, "It wasn't fair watching my sister having her tits
  played with. Mine needed attention too. I decided I couldn't just walk
  in on them, so I sat down on the stairs and started to played with my
  own, just like I am now."

  Kim paused her story just long enough to run her hands over both of
  her breasts.

  "Have you ever watch a girl play with herself?" Kim asked.

  "No." My teenaged voice cracked.

  "So I'm your first then." She cooed

  "Uh Huh" was all I could reply.

  The scene was still vivid in Kim's mind. Obviously Kim was turned on
  just as much now, as she started to reenacted everything in my car, as
  she was that night. I nearly ran a stop sign imagining what was to
  come. I had one hand on the wheel, the other rubbing my crotch and my
  eyes on this beautiful horny sight.

  "Sensitive nipples must run in the family," Kim continued, "because my
  sister could only take a minute or two of the guy's sucking and she
  was in extisy the whole time.  She got up and stood in front her
  boyfriend.  She turned her back to tease him, but from where I was
  sitting I could see everything.  I gazed at her as she removed the
  rest of her clothes.  When she had finished her strip show, she sat on
  the floor in front of her boyfriend who was stroking his cock. She
  began massaging her tits with one hand as the other probed her pussy."

  Kim was rubbing her own crotch through her skirt. I watched as she
  slowly slid her hand up her skirt and removed her panties, all the
  while not reviling anymore of her creamy thighs to my sight

  "She laid down on the carpet and played with herself for about 5 to 10
  minutes. I couldn't take my eyes off her. She would stab her fingers
  up her pussy as her hips bounced up off the floor. It was obvious my
  sister loved to masturbate. Her boyfriend also loved the show because
  he was ready to cum just from watching her!" Kim exclaimed.

  "Without his asking, my sister suddenly sat up and jammed his whole
  cock down her throat. Her head kept bobbing up and down his cock.
  Faster and faster her mouth and hands worked. Within a minute he was
  shooting his cum and she swallowed almost all of it. The last drops
  she milked from his cock and spread about her breast. Without
  realizing it, my sister made me want to cum too!"

  "I sat on the stairs, on the edge of my own orgasm, and watched as she
  rolled over onto her hands and knees. He stood and drop his pants then
  positioned himself behind her. He entered her and she cried out 'OH
  YES! FUCK ME HARD!' With every thrust I heard the slapping sound of
  his balls against my sister's ass, and watched as her tits swayed. He
  was giving her everything he had. Her body seemed to jump forward a
  half foot with every one of his thrusts."

  My attention to Kim was distracted as a truck drove by and then slowed
  down. Oh shit! There goes my luck. I thought for sure he got a look,
  but as it turn out he was only making a turn. I look back at Kim. The
  incident didn't stop her, she was too close.

  "I can only imagine how it would feel to have a cock in me,"

  "but I need it ..."

  "I want you to ..." Kim panted.

  "Be your first?" I said.

  "Oh PLEASE! YES! FUCK ME!" Kim cried out.

  That was all she needed to hear. She leaned back her head and let out
  a few short breaths and then one long moan.

  I raced the rest of the way to Kim's house. As we approached her
  house, she noticed that her parents were home and suggested we go
  somewhere private. She gave my directions that lead me down a few
  streets until me arrived at the current construction area. The house
  we stopped at was nearly complete. I found out later it was in the
  dry-wall stage.

  "Let go in." Kim said.

  "Ok. I'll grab a blanket from the trunk" I said.

  We met at the back of the car and I pulled her close. As we kissed, I
  could feel her nipples stiffen in the night air from anticipation. I
  ran my hands down her back and up her skirt to massaged her ass. Her
  tongue probed my mouth. She stepped back and headed for the house, I
  grabbed the blanket and was close behind.

  We walked in and took a look around. I started a mock tour.

  "We're here in the foyer. To are left you can see the spacious living
  room. To our right a private study." "Where do the stairs lead?" Kim
  asked. "To the bedrooms" I replied. "Good. That's where we should go."

  We found our way upstairs and to the master bedroom. It was one of the
  first to be dry-walled, so it was very comfortable and private. Kim
  walked over to the window and kicked off her shoes. With the moonlight
  shining through I watch in silent, lustful appreciation as her
  silhouette remove the final two articles of clothing. The jacket was
  first, it fell off her easily when she push her arms back. The skirt
  took a few seconds longer. It was designed to accent a women's hips
  and thus, was fitted tight. Kim pushed it down and stepped out when
  the skirt hit the floor. She was completely naked now.

  Kim strolled her way to me. My eyes adjusted and her shadowed figure
  began to show it's beautiful accents. Kim was about 5' 4", 110 lbs and
  had strawberry blond hair. My favorite. She was proportioned well.
  32-27-30.

  We embraced again. My hands roamed her body. Caressing every curve. We
  kissed passionately, deeply. I held her by the small of her back and
  pulled her close. Kim leaned her head back as I kissed her chin, neck
  and shoulder, inching my way down her body. Kim breathed deeply when
  my tongue flick her nipple. I stood up and kissed her mouth again.

  "I need to get out of these clothes" I said.

  "While I do, why don't you sit down and play with yourself."

  I gestured to the blanket I spread out on the floor. Kim smiled and
  sat down. I began to strip slowly, for I wanted to see her masturbate
  again. Only this time without traffic and completely visible. She
  leaned her back against the wall, licked her fingers and began, again,
  by tracing her nipples. As I stripped, my eyes were focused on her.
  Kim's tried to concentrate on my body, but as the pleasure built up
  she found that harder to do.

  Kim was very near to an orgasm when I knelt down at her side. I
  stopped her hand. She look at me in shock and desperation, but smiled
  when I placed it on my cock. Her hand was coated with her juices and
  slid up and down my shaft easily. I placed my hand on her pussy and
  slowly began her reascent to release. Not forgetting her sensitive
  breasts, my mouth saw to their pleasure.

  Within minutes, my efforts began to show it's effects on Kim. Her
  breathing was heavy and her sounds were incoherent. I too was
  approaching release but I needed more than her hand on my cock. I
  knelt over her body and held my stiffened tool to her lips. Kim's eyes
  closed with a dreamy look as she swallowed my cock. Kim gagged
  slightly but licked and suck like an expert, although this was her
  first blowjob.

  I came quickly. Pumping gobs of cum into her mouth. I pulled out when
  it began dripping out of her mouth. I again placed her hand on my
  cock, with her thumb and forefinger pinching it, and showed her how to
  squeeze the final drops onto her breasts.

  Kim began massaging my cum into her tits. I knew she would need
  release soon. I worked my way down to her pussy. I wanted to give her
  the same oral pleasure she gave me.

  I hooked my arms under her legs. The back of her knees against my
  elbows. She had her arms at her side. I placed my hands over her wrist
  to hold them still.

  "Just lay down and enjoy this" I said.  "Whatever you need or want, tell me"

  She nodded and I began. I blew lightly over her vaginal lips. Kim
  shivered slightly. I lick her navel and thighs. Inch by inch I moved
  closer to her target. I started kissing in random places and Kim
  responded by moving her hips. The heat rising from her pussy indicated
  she was ready. On her next upward movement, I jabbed my tongue in. Her
  hips retreated quickly but my tongue never left her spot.

  "Oh God yes!" Kim screamed.

  Being restrained slightly only increase her attention on my oral work.
  Within seconds, she started to cry out her orgasmic bliss. I stopped
  and knelt between her legs. Kim stared wide-eyed at my cock as I
  rubbed it across her clit. I released her hands and she placed my cock
  just inside her opening. Kim looked deeply into my eyes and pulled me
  close for a kiss.

  I pushed in and Kim breath in sharply as my cock pierced her virgin
  resistance. I held it in her until she was ready. Gone, at that
  moment, was the teenaged lust; replaced by sexual love. Together, we
  found a slow, smooth rhythm and enjoyed each others body. We didn't
  speak until we were ready to cum. Kim came first then myself. Our
  orgasms were not as intense as they were from the oral sex. They lack
  in intensity, but made up for in length. Afterwards, we collapased in
  each others arms.

  It was getting late and I was drained. We got dressed and I took Kim
  home. She was tired too and rested her head on my shoulder the few
  blocks.

  "You were so good to me tonight" Kim said

  "I loved pleasing you" I said.

  "My car won't be ready until next week. Can you give my a ride home
  Friday?" Kim asked. "No problem" I said. "Anytime."

