Archive-name: 3plus/drivinst.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: The Driving Instructor


     It had been a long and trying day.  My first trainee had
been an old lady who felt her grand children were more important
than watching the road. My third trainee almost ended my life
when he decided to play chicken with an army convoy.  I was
making mental additions to my two weeks notice when my last
trainee of the day came walking up.  She was around seventeen,
pert and perky, virginal and sensual.  I felt the rising force of
my rod of God when I saw here walking towards the car.  She was
wearing a black T-Shirt that was about a size too large and a
pair of very tight denim jeans.  As she approached the car I
started fantasizing about her and I running out of gas on a dark,
little used side road.  She opened up the door and said, "Mr.
Roberts? Hi! I'm Debbie! You're my driving instructor today!" 

     "Hop on in, Debbie" I said.  She got into the car and
strapped on her seat belt.  I looked at her approvingly.  She
gave me a look back, and damn me if it wasn't a look of just
plain lust.  I quickly put that thought down. "Christ!" I
thought, "you're old enough to be her father". 

     "Today, we are going to be driving down rural roads" I said
as another rather disturbing thought escaped from my subconscious
and planted itself in my mind.  I could feel her presence next to
me and I was surprised to see that my pole was rock hard.  She
deftly put the car into drive and pulled out of the driving
school driveway onto the highway. 

     "I take it you've driven before" I said. 

     "Oh yes.  My boyfriend Tommy let me drive his car all the
time before we broke up".  We drove along for awhile, and I told
Debbie to turn onto Route 5.  "Oh, were going in the direction of
the quarry!" gushed Debbie.  "My friends and I have lots of
parties down at the quarry"  We drove along in silence. Debbie
was purely capable of driving the big Buick and I was relieved
that I didn't have another paranoid autophobe.  The sun was
starting to set when I told Debbie to turn down Old Stream Mill
Road.  We went down the road about three of four miles when the
car started to buck.  "What's happening?" said Debbie.  I quickly
grimaced.  I had forgotten to fill the car up with gasoline
before I set off with her. 

     "I think we've run out of gas" I said. 

     She turned and looked at me with the look she had given me
earlier. "Oh?" she purred.  My cock got so stiff so quickly it
almost ripped through my shorts.  Debbie quickly pulled the car
off onto the side of the road. Before I knew what was happening
she had taken off her seat belt and was un-zipping my trousers. 

     "What are you doing?" I queried. 

     She looked at me with a sort of pleading.  "Ever since Tommy
broke up with me I've been so-o-o horny."  She grasped my stick
with her hand and placed it in her mouth. I quickly sucked in my
breath as her tongue did a St. Vitus dance on my throbbing wand. 

     "Debbie... We really shouldn't- Oh, what the fuck." I closed
my eyes and let myself bring my fantasies a little closer to
reality. "How old are you, Debbie?" I asked her as she wrapped
her tongue around my pole. 

     "Mmrff..." she lifted her head long enough to mumble:
"Fifteen..." 

     "Fifteen?! You aren't even old enough to drive!" 

     "No, but I'm old enough to fuck! Drive me, Instructor!" She
un-snapped her tight blue-jeans and began wriggling out of them.
I thrust my hands under the folds of her black Motley Crew
T-Shirt and fondled her nubile mounds. Her nipples were small and
hard.

     "It's too cramped in here! Let's get out of the car..."
Before I could say anything, she had opened the door and stumbled
out onto the poorly paved road. Her jeans were down to about knee
level and she could barely keep her balance. She bent over to
pull them off her legs, and I could see a dark wet stain on her
panties slowly taking form. 

     I shifted across the bench seat with my prick standing at
attention, readily thrust through my open fly. She had managed to
get her jeans off now, and was stepping out of her panties. Her
triangle of Aphrodite beckoned. Tight dark curls accented her
pink lips. I guess she wasn't a natural blonde, hah. I unbuttoned
my pants, carefully pulling them down past my cock, and let them
fall to the ground.

     She had moved toward me and began rubbing her body against
mine, sliding her cunt along my shaft, leaving a wet trail. She
tilted her head at an angle to my own and whispered in my ear:
"Fuck me, right here... On the hood... But don't hurt me, I'm
still a virgin!" 

     She backed up and jumped into a sitting position on the hood
of the Buick. "...I don't want to be a virgin anymore... Fuck
me... It's a big car..." She pulled me closer to her. 

     I aimed my prick between her thighs and pressed gently into
her dripping pussy. She bent her knees and extended her legs so
that they rest on my shoulders. I wet my cock on her love juices
and slowly forced it into her hot, tight little hole. She
squealed with delight as I drove my eight-incher deep inside her
young frame. I sank my cock in again and again, building a
strong, steady rhythm. She reached behind me and grabbed my ass,
pulling herself toward me as each thrust sent her shifting toward
the center of the car. 

     She seemed to be slowly approaching some kind of climax,
when she exhaled suddenly and said, quite calmly, "Is this IT?
Fucking isn't all it's cracked up to be. Isn't there something
more exciting we can do?" 

     I thought things were going just fine, but as I grasped what
she meant, a thousand perverted thoughts flooded into my brain,
as if they had been finally aroused by the prospect of
realization. "Well, I could fuck you up the ass...?" I suggested
hopefully.

     "That sounds neat! Will it hurt?" she asked. 

     "Of course not, my dick isn't any wider than your shit, is
it?" I pulled my cock out and left her little red cunt agape. She
flipped over and crawled to the center of the car. "Get on and
buttfuck me!" 

     I hoisted myself onto the hood and walked on my knees to
where her little asshole awaited. I figured my prick was plenty
lubed, and I sank it into her anus without warning. 

     "Oooowww!" she exclaimed, "That's incredible!" Her little
ass squeezed tightly around my turgid rod, and it grew even
harder with every heartbeat. "I LIKE that! It kind of hurts, but
I LIKE it!" 

     She squirmed and gasped with every penetration I forced upon
her, but she seemed to be enjoying it immensely. "Can you fuck my
pussy with your hand? I want it in BOTH holes!" 

     This girl was quite a demanding little cunt, but I didn't
mind. It was free... I reached between her thighs and jammed a
finger into her pussy. There seemed to be room enough (Virgin?
Ha!) so I slipped another finger inside. She squeezed them
tightly, but then relaxed and breathed, "Jam your whole fist
inside!" 

     What the hell, eh? I made a fist and pushed on her cunt, but
there didn't seem to be room for all five fingers. "PUSH!" she
yelled. So I did. I pushed hard and my fist suddenly vanished
into her liquid cavern of love. I must have ripped her flesh on
the way in, because I noticed a trickle of blood coursing down
her inner thigh. She almost screamed with ecstasy. What a lay! 

     It was about now that I noticed the sound of tires on the
pavement. I didn't bother to look, I was too excited. I fucked
her, cock and fist, until I heard a rough male voice say, "Well,
well. What HAVE we got here?!" 

     I couldn't hold back the river any longer. I yelled "Ah!"
and began spurting huge gobs of sex sauce into her chocolate
tunnel. 

     "You mean you're COMING? I'm not even DONE yet!" she cried.

     I removed my body parts from her various orifices and sat on
the hood of the car, as she gazed back around her torso at me.
Her ass was dripping come and her cunt was dripping blood, as she
cried "Somebody FUCK me!" 

     I ignored her. I was exhausted. I turned my head to find out
who it was that had arrived, finally alarmed at the fact that
someone had been watching. I nearly cried out as I noticed the
patrol car and the state policeman standing nearby, arms crossed,
casually tapping his foot on the ground. 

     "I think I might be of service here, ma'am" he said as he
removed his gun belt and unzipped his pants. 

     A sick smile spread on Debbie's face as she saw the cop
approach her. He held his stiff cock in his left hand. It wasn't
nearly as big as mine, but it was thick as hell. Must have been
at least 3 inches in diameter. He was going to tear that little
girl to hell. I sat down by the side of the road to watch the
show. 

     "Is there a problem, Officer?" Debbie chuckled? 

     "Yes, ma'am, I seem to be having a slight problem. My cock
is hungry, and he's going to eat you." The officer squeezed his
penis and jerked it toward her. 

     Debbie lay belly down on the hood of the warm Buick and
lifted her head to accept the cop's rigid cock into her mouth.
"That is..." the cop moaned, "that is, if you don't eat him
first!"

     Debbie reached around to grab the policeman's ass and pulled
him deep into her hot mouth. She could feel his cock throb
against the back of her throat, and she sucked hard, forcing the
blood to the head of his cock. The cop grunted and began to rock
his hips, shifting Debbie back and forth along the Buick's hood.
Debbie arched her hips up high and then spread her legs and began
to undulate against the warm metal. She spread a sticky smear of
semen on the hood. 

     The cop grabbed her head and began plunging his cock in and
out of Debbie's mouth. Debbie sputtered and gagged, but didn't
try to pull herself away. The cop's dick was turning an angry
purple. Suddenly, he pushed Debbie's head back and grabbed his
penis with both hands. Pointing it upwards, he spasemed and sent
spurts of come up into the air. The semen shot upward a few
inches and landed in multiple little puddles on the hood of the
car. Debbie wriggled forward and began licking the sperm off of
the car. 

     She rolled onto her back, eyes closed, and her fingers found
their way into her moist cunt. She spread her cunt with one hand
and the other sent probing fingers deep inside. She put her
fingers in her mouth and sucked on her own cunt juice. "Isn't
there anyone who can fuck me?!?" she moaned. 

     "Sorry ma'am," said the cop, "I'm too old for a second
round, but my partner here would be happy to oblige." 

     "Where's your partner?" Debbie gasped. 

     "Right here..." the cop grabbed his nightstick from his
gunbelt and held it up for Debbie's approval. 

     "Oh Wow!" Debbie cried, "Fuck me with your big cop dildo!"
Debbie twirled around and faced the cop with her dripping pussy.
"Fuck me DEEP!" 

     The cop placed the nightstick lengthwise along her cunt lips
and began slowly sliding it up and down. He twirled it in the
fluid and got it good and lubricated. Debbie sighed, "Oh, please
don't tease me... FUCK ME!" 

     The cop adjusted his grip on the stick and sank it into her
cunt until it would go no further. Debbie screamed with pleasure
and the juices slowly ran down her thighs in filmy rivulets. She
placed both her palms on her inner thighs and rubbed the thick
liquid onto her belly. 

     The cop rolled the nightstick between both hands and twisted
it in and out of her cunt. Debbie licked her hands clean, "My
pussy tastes so GOOD!" she gasped and reached between her legs
for more. Her hips gyrated and the stick made a sucking sound as
the cop pulled it out of her cunt again and again. 

     "Ma'am, you make me feel young again!" the cop exclaimed,
and he grabbed his prick. It was rock hard and ready for more. 

     Debbie slid her body up against the policeman's torso, and
with one hand slid his cock into her pussy. She screamed as the
cops unbelievably wide cock stretched her cunt to the limit. "Oh
my God! I'm going to come!" Debbie pulled the cop close against
her and rocked wildly. She threw her head back and a deep
guttural sound came from deep within her small frame. She wrapped
her legs around the cop and her whole body tensed. The muscles in
her thighs quivered and looked as if they were about to snap. A
gush of clear fluid spilled from her cunt and formed a puddle
where her ass pressed against the car. She emitted one last
guttural sigh and fell back limp onto the car. 

     The cop continued to sink his cock into her, but she didn't
respond. She just gazed up at the darkening sky. "I'm sorry,
ma'am, but I have yet to finish." The cop looked at her
disapprovingly. 

     "I can't... I'm worn out." Debbie whispered. 

     The cop glared at her angrily, removed his penis, and let
her legs drop to hang limply off the edge of the car. 

     "You little slut." The cop chastised her. His penis was
already softening. "Don't even know how to fuck right. I'll show
you." 

     Debbie didn't seem to care. She had already gotten what she
wanted. But the cop felt otherwise. He pulled his .38 from his
gunbelt and cocked the hammer. Debbie's eyes widened. "Come here
and swallow THIS!" he commanded. 

     Debbie jumped upright and stared down the gunbarrel. He
shook his limp penis at her. "Come on, NOW!" he grabbed her by
the hair and pulled her head to his waist, pressing the gun
against her temple. Debbie took his cock in her hand and stuffed
it in her mouth. The soft flesh sat limply on her tongue. 

     "Now do what I tell you and you won't get hurt," the cop
instructed. Debbie nodded obediently. "Now swallow and don't
spill a drop." said the cop as he proceeded to urinate in
Debbie's mouth. Debbie wrinkled her face, but kept her mouth
firmly closed around the cops prick. Her eyes watered as she
swallowed what must have seemed like gallons of warm urine
injected right into her throat. The cop smiled. "You make a right
pretty urinal, ma'am. Hope you don't mind the flavor, but
someone's got to teach you a lesson." 

     The cop tensed his buttocks and spasmed. He then pulled his
cock out of her mouth as she frowned with distaste. "Now just
remember," said the cop as he strapped on his gunbelt, "never
start what you can't finish." 

     And with the words hanging in the air, he walked up the road
to his patrol car, and drove away. 
     I stood, guiltily aware of the growing bulge in my pants,
and walked over to comfort the poor girl.

--
