                              DARK AND DIRTY
                              --------------
     
     
     It was  strangely  dark,  strangely  quiet.  The  atmosphere  was
     electric. All  that could  be seen  were dim,  unformed  shadows.
     Slight movement.  Whispers. Cloth against cloth. The descent of a
     zip. Suckings.  And the  unmistakeable sound  of a cock plunging,
     then withdrawing.  Danny moved  into the  cottage. He stood stock
     still in  the centre  of the  small building.  He'd give his eyes
     time to  adjust to  the gloom. Give his ears time to seek out the
     action. Wait.
     
     At the row of urinals along one wall, a chorus of sex-hungry guys
     were coupling  or wanking  alone. Danny  could see what was going
     on. It  was difficult  however for him to make out faces, shapes.
     He didn't  want to make a mistake. He didn't want to find himself
     outside in  the glare  of the  street lights with an unattractive
     guy when  he felt  sure that  there were  beauties for the taking
     here tonight. So, he bided his time. He waited.
     
     Eventually, of  course, the  shape of  the  hungry  bodies  began
     taking recognisable  shapes. An overweight guy in full leather. A
     stringy beanpole  of a  guy with an American baseball jacket. And
     two guys  who caught  Danny's interest and sent the blood rushing
     to his  cock. They were up one end in the farthest of the urinals
     from the  door. They  played their  solitary game  of  seduction.
     Keeping an  eye out for danger, they stared at each others cocks.
     Both were  milking them  vigorously -  Danny could  make out  the
     movement, though a good view of the two organs eluded him as yet.
     He moved over behind them.
     
     Yes, he'd  been right.  Here were a couple of guys who could fuck
     him whenever  they wanted.  One was tall, sandy-haired. He wore a
     green army  jacket and  faded levis  which were now half way down
     his muscular  legs. The  other was  slight. A compact almost thin
     body showed clearly through his body hugging T-shirt. His trainer
     shorts were  pulled down,  leaving his  arse completely  exposed.
     Danny focused on that crack as the thin guy bent over to take the
     sandy-haired guy's  cock in  his mouth. Danny only caught a flash
     of the  guy's member - thick and straight with a large glistening
     knob. The mouth closed over the cock and the suckee put his hands
     to the  sucker's head  and pulled  it forcefully towards him. The
     cock disappeared down the thin guy's throat.
     
     Danny was  working his  cock into  a  frenzy  through  his  faded
     denims. At  this sight  he tugged down his zipper and flattened a
     hand onto  his full,  jerking cock.  He eased his jeans down over
     his haunches  and pulled  the cotton  material of his jock to one
     side. His  cock bounced out into the midnight air. He spat on his
     hand. He  took hold of his cock. Three pumps and the eight-incher
     was up, ready, waiting. He milked it a while, savouring the sight
     of these two dogs on heat, these hunters in the sexual jungle.
     
     But his  cock cried  out to  be lost up that arse. That arse that
     was uplifted  towards him,  ready for  penetration. The  guy  was
     still mouth-stuffed  with cock.  He  still  rocked  to  a  steady
     climax-inducing motion. He still fed more of the other guy's cock
     into his  mouth. Danny  moved closer.  His upright  cock  brushed
     against the  cheek of the sucker's arse. The body tensed, sensing
     the touch  of sex  on his  arse. But he did not move away, he did
     not break  the rhythm  of his  sucking. He  gave  Danny  a  clear
     assent.
     
     Danny spat  on his  hand again.  He worked the spit over his long
     shaft. Then  he moved  forward again. Further. Until his cockhead
     felt the  closing-in of  the guy's buttocks. Danny moved his knob
     up and  down the crack of the guy's arse. Searching out the hole.
     Readying himself  for his  plunge. As  the pulsating cock touched
     the sucker's  opening, his  body tensed  again. Danny felt slight
     pressure on his knob.
     
     The guy  had moved  backwards, perhaps  only a centimetre or two,
     onto Danny's  pole. He  needed no  more encouragement. He grasped
     his cock  firmly with  one hand.  The other he placed on the thin
     guy's buttocks.  Steadying himself  thus, his cock sought out the
     hole. A  wonderful rush  of sexual  headiness hit him as the arse
     opened in readiness for the plunge of his cock.
     
     In one deep thrust, Danny forced his cock deep within the sucker.
     He did  not break rhythm in his ministrations of the tall guy. He
     sucked harder.  Deeper, as  Danny started his countdown to sexual
     oblivion. Thrust,  thrust...  Danny's  cock  buried  itself  ever
     deeper into  the guy's  insides. He  moaned. The  arse was tight,
     well muscled.  He shafted  the warm  wet hole in awe at the guy's
     perfect timing.  The thin guy was sucking the standing stranger's
     cock with ever more intensity. The guy being sucked was obviously
     near orgasm,  for he  moaned and  shook uncontrollably. Danny was
     near too.
     
     His urgent thrusts buckled the body beneath him. His head swam in
     an ocean  of heightened awareness. But he was not so lost in this
     maelstrom to  ignore all  thoughts of the guy whose arse his cock
     had found  refuge. He  reached a  hand around the lean guy's body
     and sought out his cock. It was ramrod stiff. Danny ran a hand up
     and down  the guy's  pole. It  was lubricated ready by a pearl of
     the guy's pre-cum juice.
     
     Danny  slid   his  hand  up,  down,  up  down.  Quickly,  slowly,
     tantalisingly. The fucker stropped the bloke's cock till he heard
     the familiar  grunt of  nearing orgasm.  Then he  went  wild.  He
     plunged his  cock deeper, harder, faster into the guy's arse. The
     guy being  sucked shivered  and let  out a  deep low  wheeze. His
     knees buckled as the spunk poured into the thin guy's mouth.
     
     The thin  guy came immediately. Gobs of his spunk splattered over
     the tall  guy's jeans  and trainer  shoes. And  Danny  was  right
     behind them.  His spunk shot up his shaft and overflowed into the
     warm tight hole. The thin guy, still with gallons of spunk in his
     mouth, felt a whole new consignment of the stuff unload itself in
     his insides. He trembled, shaking with spent lust. Danny withdrew
     his cock  from the  arse as  the tall  guy withdrew  his from the
     mouth. The  guy in  shorts stood  up. "Thanks,"  he said, and was
     gone.
