         
                                   DIRTY TALKER

         Recently returning to  Atlanta after  living out  west for  several
     years, I called up an  old girl friend just to  say hello.  She was,  I
     thought, living  with a  guy but  I figured  a harmless  drink for  old
     time's sake would be a  friendly gesture.  It  turned out she was  very
     happy to hear from  me and insisted  we go out  for dinner that  night.
     I'd forgotten what an  "up" person Cheri was  and found myself  looking
     forward to our evening.

         Dinner was terrific and  the conversation flowed  as easily as  the
     wine.  As we had  done so many times  years ago, we lingered,  drinking
     liqueurs and looking deep  into each other's eyes.   Her leg had  found
     mine under the table  and she was rubbing  her instep against my  calf.
     It seemed like we had never been apart.

         Now her fingers  were tracing  the outline  of my  very hard  cock.
     "Max, why don't you take me back to  my place and fuck the shit out  of
     me like we used to?"

         I was only too glad to pay the bill and leave.  Inside the car, she
     ran her fingers through my hair  and plunged her tongue into my  mouth,
     her lips slippery and sensual.  Her dress slid up to mid-thigh and  she
     slunk over toward me, spreading her legs to accommodate my  adventurous
     hand inching up to her cunt.

         "Not here.  Let's get home," she said.

         Finally, when we arrived, she dropped to her knees and released  my
     throbbing cock.  "Beautiful cock...beautiful prick...I love your  cock.
     Tell me you want me to suck your cock.  Tell me I'm your little  whore,
     your little cocksucker.  Tell me to suck your beautiful hard prick."

         And then I remembered how much Cheri loved dirty talk.  It was  one
     thing we agreed on totally.  "Put it in your hot mouth...suck my  cock,
     you little cocksucker!  Blow me you cunt!" I said.

         She was moaning now and rubbing it harder across her face.  My cock
     seemed to grow even larger.  Her breathing became deliberate and  deep.
     I grabbed her by the hair.

         "SUCK MY COCK!"

         Her red-lipsticked mouth made a  perfect "O" as her head  descended
     the entire length of my rod.  Involuntarily, my hands clenched her hair
     and slammed her nose into  my belly.  We were  moving faster now.   Her
     hands scrambled  around my  waist, pulling  off  my pants.   I  was  up
     against the wall  and I could  feel the cool  textured wallpaper on  my
     ass.  It  was a glorious  sight watching her  head bob up  and down  my
     fuck-stick.  Somehow she seemed to take more of it, her tongue  licking
     my balls on each stroke.  I  watched my glistening shaft appear as  her
     hollowed cheeks put maximum suction on the up-stroke, only to disappear
     again as her eyes widened from the force of my prick in her throat.

         "Suck me!   Suck me  off!   I'm going to  shoot hot  cum down  your
     fucking little throat!  Come on, suck me!"

         She felt the  hot love  juice on  its way up  from my  balls.   Her
     moaning became frantic, almost a stifled scream.  And then I howled  as
     the inside of her mouth was sprayed with sperm.  We collapsed  together
     on the floor.

         Much more slowly, but without wasting a lot of time, we retired  to
     her bedroom.  Cheri (what  a sexy lady) did  a slow striptease for  me,
     providing a running commentary at the  same time.  When she had  pulled
     the zipper of her dress  down her back, giving  me a beautiful view  of
     her soft skin and the  top of the crack of  her ass, she turned  around
     and teased the black cloth over her nipples.

         "Oh baby...I can  see you like  my tits,  don't you?   You like  to
     watch them get  all hard...You  like to see  my nipples  get all  hard,
     don't you?   You  like to  watch my  tits jiggle  for you,  don't  you?
     That's a terrible  hard-on you've got...I  think I'm going  to have  to
     shove that fat, hard prick  up my pussy!   I'm just dripping with  cunt
     juice for you!  Maybe you want to lick my pussy juices..."

         The dress was a heap on the  floor and her pantyhose were down  her
     legs.  One  hand was  lifting and  pinching her  nipples, twisting  and
     squeezing them to prominence while her other hand was down the front of
     her dark blue panties, rubbing her  crotch.  I couldn't take any  more.
     I grabbed her and forced her down on  the bed.  Our mouths locked in  a
     hot, wet kiss.  She was mine.

         "Eat me, hon...please  eat me like  you used  to!  Oh,  yes!   Yes!
     Like that!  Mmmmmmmmmmm!   Oh, fuck!   Lick me...suck my  clit...that's
     it...suck it and lick it at the  same time!  Oh, God, that's  it...suck
     my lips in your  mouth...run your mouth up  and down my lips...lick  my
     hole...stick your tongue up, fuck me with your tongue...Oh, YES!  Stick
     your finger up my ass...finger-fuck my ass hole...you're going to  make
     me cum...I'm going to cum!...I'm going  to cum all over your  face...OH
     GOD...aaaaaahhhhhh!"  She had positioned  herself over my face and  was
     grinding her hips across  my chin.   A river of  pussy juice coated  my
     face and her thighs.

         "Oh please, fuck me!  I want all  of your big, hard cock up my  hot
     cunt!  Fuck me hard!   Be my dirty boy!  Fuck  the shit out of me!"   I
     rolled her over and pulled her ankles around my neck.  She was  panting
     like an animal,  my hard  prick looming  in front  of her  pussy.   Her
     panties were stretched beyond repair from my tugging while eating  her.
     I grabbed what  remained and ripped  them off in  one swipe.   "Ooohhh!
     Fuck  Put it in!  Put it in...put it in...PUT IT IN!  Oh YES!  Fuck me!
     Fuck me!   Oh  God,  drive it  into my  throat!   Fuck!   Fuck!    Fuck
     me...fuck me...fuck me...oooohhhh!"

         Her head  rolled back  and she  screamed as  I plunged  the  entire
     length into her steaming,  succulent tunnel.  There  were tears in  her
     eyes and she was nearly incoherent.

         "Aaaaggggh...fuck me...fuck me...prick head...pretty prick head!  I
     love your pretty  prick fucking  my pussy!   Harder!   Fuck me  harder!
     Jam your cock in my little pussy!  Fuck...fuck...fuck my cunt...FUCK ME
     HARDER...HARDER...HARDER...Ohhhhhhhhhhh!"  She was cumming like a bitch
     possessed, her pussy juices  running down the crack  in her ass as  her
     finger slid easily into her ass hole  and rubbed the bottom of my  cock
     through the thin membrane.

         "Don't cum!  Don't  cum inside me...I want  to watch your cum  flow
     all over my body...take  it out so  I can see  you cumming...cum on  my
     tits...cum on me...let me watch you cum!"  As my load rose hotly up  my
     cock,  I  pulled  out  and  rubbed  it  across  her  clit,  using   her
     slipperiness to bring myself  off, blowing thick  wads of sperm  across
     her soft, white  belly.  Her  hand grabbed  my cock and  jacked up  and
     down, drawing my cum out to drip  down her dainty fingers.  She  rubbed
     my cum across her firm tits, making her nipples shine with my  wetness.
     She pushed one tit to her mouth.  "I love your cum...did you know I can
     suck my own nipple?  I'm going  to suck your cum off my  nipple...watch
     me suck my nipple."  Her tongue and lips washed my cum from her nipple,
     the stringy strands of white spunk  trailing across her mouth.   "Watch
     me...I'm going to bite my nipple...watch me bite it!"  Her lips  opened
     so I could see her teeth grasping  her nipple firmly as she pulled  her
     head back,  distorting the  soft,  rounded flesh  into  a peak  as  her
     fingers worked their way into  the soft pink petals  of her pussy.   As
     her fingers brought her  to another orgasm, she  ground her teeth  into
     the tender nipple, her wide eyes watching mine.  I leaned over and took
     her other nipple  in my  mouth, letting her  feel the  sharpness of  my
     teeth.   "OOOOOOOOhhhh  YES!   Bite  me...bite  me...I'm  cumming...I'm
     cumming...oh shit, I'm cumming...cumming...cumming...aaahhhh!"

         Finally, we fell  into a  heap on the  cool sheets,  exhausted.   I
     dozed, content in  the knowledge that  after a bit  of sleep, we  would
     pick up  where we  left off.   But  what surprises  life has  in  store
     sometimes!

         I awoke when I heard Cheri sitting up suddenly saying, "Nan!   What
     are you doing here?"

         I sat up and was startled to see a blond-haired beauty standing  in
     the doorway to the bedroom.  Nancy was a little shorter than Cheri  but
     more voluptuous.  She  wore a Japanese silk  kimono that did little  to
     quiet enormous  jugs that  bounced with  each  step.   Her hair  was  a
     gorgeous honey blond and long, to  below her shoulders.  She carried  a
     bottle of champagne and three glasses which she brought to the bed, her
     white, high-heeled  slippers  making  her  attractive  legs  even  more
     sensuous as her hips swayed under the short robe.

         "Surprise, surprise!"  she said,  setting  the bottle  and  glasses
     down.  She undid the tie and  carefully took off her kimono and  draped
     it over a  chair.  She  was wearing a  baby-blue baby-doll outfit  that
     left no doubt about  her body, her nipples  showing darkly through  the
     thin material.

         "We're all  friends  here, aren't  we?"  she giggled,  noticing  my
     stares.   "Anyway, Max,  I'm Nancy,  Cheri's roommate.   And  I'm  very
     pleased to meet you."

         She leaned over  quite unnecessarily  to shake  hands, causing  the
     thin baby-doll  top to  almost completely  expose her  breasts as  they
     bobbed against the  low cut neckline.   I returned  the deep sexy  look
     into her blue eyes and enjoyed holding her soft hand.

         As we drank the champagne, she said "What beautiful noises I  heard
     last night!  You two woke me right up!"  She leaned back on the pillows
     and stretched her  arms over her  head, dragging the  top up until  the
     lovely bottom half of her  tits was exposed.   "I LOVED IT!" she  said.
     "I had to pull out  my little friend and  have a little party  myself!"
     Nancy continued.

         "Who's your little  friend?" I asked,  but I had  an idea what  the
     answer was.   "I'll show  you!" she  said as  she leaped  up, her  tits
     bouncing around under the sheer fabric of her baby-doll.

         She returned  with a  giant, flesh-colored  rubber cock  with  deep
     ridges along the shaft of its three-inch diameter.  "This is my  little
     friend," she cooed,  staring at  me.   She started  rubbing the  rubber
     prick around her face, licking the head and shoving and inch or so into
     her mouth.  Cheri and  I watched without making  a sound, but her  hand
     returned  to  my  rock-hard  cock  and  was  insistently  stroking  and
     squeezing it.  Nancy seemed lost in  a trance as she untied the  string
     to her top and  let it fall  from her wonderful tits.   She rubbed  the
     cock over them,  the wetness from  her mouth making  them gleam in  the
     early morning light.  She pinched  her tit, squeezing the tender  flesh
     just behind her nipple, forcing the hard red nipple to stand out so the
     cock could force them  up and down.    Her  breathing deepened and  she
     started to murmer softly to herself.

         "I can't  take any  more of  this," said  Cheri throwing  back  the
     covers and  grabbing my  cock.   In  an instant  she was  slurping  and
     sucking it as if there was no tomorrow.  This left Nancy and me staring
     at each other.  She peeled off her panties, exposing a very wet  pussy,
     and climbed into a kneeling position on the bed.  Her eyes rolled  back
     as she plunged the rubber cock into her cunt, leaving only a few inches
     exposed.  "Say those things you said last night", said Nancy.

         "What things?  Things like how beautiful-looking your body is?  How
     much I enjoy watching you fuck yourself with that big, hot cock in your
     sweet pussy?  How sexy you look  with your big tits hanging down,  your
     hard, hot nipples brushing the  sheets?  How much  I want to fuck  your
     ass, to drive my hard cock up your ass hole, to rape your ass hole?"

         "Yes!  Yes!   Talk  dirty to me!   I  want to be  your whore,  like
     Cheri!  I want to be your slave!   To do anything you want!  I want  to
     feel your hard cock fucking my ass hole!  I want your prick up my ass!"

         Cheri looked  up at  this and  started caressing  Nancy's  breasts,
     pinching and  squeezing her  hard nipples,  causing Nancy  to draw  her
     breath in sharply.   "All  right, Nancy, I  think we  should both  fuck
     you!"  I decided to take charge  of the situation.  I ordered Nancy  to
     lie on the bed while I straddled her  face for a sixty-nine.  She  took
     my cock deep into her mouth, licking its surface as I plunged my tongue
     into her hot cunt.  Cheri took the rubber cock and lubricated it inside
     her own dripping pussy, then held  up Nancy's legs and started  licking
     her ass hole.

         "Oh YES!  Lick my ass hole!   Get me wet and slippery!  I love  the
     feeling of your tongue  in my ass!   Lick me!   Don't stop...NO,  don't
     stop...AAAAAHHHHHH!" she  screamed as  Cheri drove  the monstrous  cock
     deep up her ass with  one shove.  Since my  cock had fallen out of  her
     mouth, I moved around to  the edge of the  bed and pulled Nancy's  legs
     over my shoulders, plunging my cock deep in her hot, wet cunt.

         "Ohhh...ohhh...shit...shit!"   Nancy started  cumming.   "Fuck  me!
     Fuck me!  Oh, please Max...please fuck me in the ass...fuck my poor ass
     hole...split my ass hole with your big fucking cock!"  I pulled out and
     flipped her into a  kneeling position on  the side of  the bed.   Cheri
     pulled the dildo from Nancy's ass and she screamed as I drove into  the
     now relaxed opening, driving all the way in with one gigantic fuck,  my
     balls bouncing off her cunt lips.

          I felt Cheri's hands lifting my balls out of the way as she  drove
     the large rubber cock into Nancy's cunt, the hard ridges rubbing on the
     sensitive underside of my prick in her ass.

         "That's it, Nancy...fuck him good...squeeze his cock with your  ass
     hole...doesn't it  feel good  to have  him buried  up your  little  ass
     hole?" Cheri encouraged as she slipped  the rubber prick in and out  of
     Nancy's wet pussy while she pinched  her nipples and pulled the  tender
     tit flesh with her nails.

         "Come on, cunt!...fuck  him you little  whore...take his  beautiful
     prick up your ass hole...fuck him good."  Cheri got on the bed with her
     cunt in Nancy's face  and spread her  lips wide.   "Come on you  whore!
     Suck my clit!   Drink my sweet  pussy juice!  Stick  your tongue up  my
     cunt and suck me  dry!  Oooohhhh  God, I'm cumming...I'm  cumming...I'm
     cumming!"   As I  watched  Cheri's face  distort  in pleasure,  I  felt
     Nancy's ass hole grasp my prick  firmly as her juices sprayed from  her
     pussy, dragging me over the edge as I flooded her ass with my cum.

         We never did get out of the  apartment that day as Nancy and  Cheri
     learned to love  eating each other.   They took  turns finding ways  to
     turn me on, sticking objects up each other, putting honey on their tits
     for me to suck, dancing obscenely with each other, tying each other  to
     the bed and putting clothes pins on their nipples.  I stayed hard  most
     of the day, shoving my cock into all their openings and rubbing my poor
     prick raw.   Soon  we are  moving together  into a  house I  rented  in
     Dunwoody.   Even though  it has  four bedrooms,  we plan  to share  the
     master suite and each other.


