
                               M/F, SEX FOR DRUGS

                                 Cash or Kind?
                                 =============
                                Author: Unknown

      Dylan was a strange individual if I ever met one. Nothing to be surprised
about if you knew his family. His dad snuck out of the country before being
indicted for fraud and his mom was a singer in a Rock Band. He had decided to
make it in life with or without their blessing and in fact was studing at the
University of Florida. His dad would always manage to get a way to pay for his
tuition but for the rest he was on his own. He was pretty well organised. He
spent the school year on campus being the main hash supplier and during the
summer took his bussiness to his place on the ocean in South Carolina. It was a
small community where everybody knew everyone and where his illegal bussiness
was well hidden under his legal one, which was to repair just about anything
electronic. He had inherited his grand-dad's large cottage on the coast and
just about half of it was covered in electronic junk. What struck me the most
about him was that altough he'd lived on his own for as long as I knew him, he
seldom ever had gangs of people over at this place. We were seldom more then
two or three guys. I don't think I had ever seen him with a girl either until
that summer. Of course since he was an unusual guy the circumstances had to be
a little different.

      Tourists had been poring into the area and Dylan's favorite passtime
during the afternoon was touring the neighboring beaches. He'd ride his bike to
the shore and walk around with old canvas sneakers, cut off levi's with rips
and patches and a cut off jean jacket with an additional inside pocket to keep
the mechandise. His hair was short on top and in front but quite long in the
back and was naturally wavy. On those hot days he wore a red bandana as a head
band. He walked the beach from one end to the other spotting people who were
most likely to purchase his wares. Whether it be by their attire or their music
he would go up to a likely prospect and whisper "hash" and check the response.
Usually bussiness was brisk since he chose his clients well. It was a genuine
goldmine for him and the fact that he kept a low profile by not getting into
the bar scene, he had much less of a chance of getting busted. Occasionally I
would accompany him on his treks but he generally preferred going solo since
people seemed to find it less intimidating.

      That sunny July afternoon Dylan did what he did best in the summer, he
walked the beach in hopes to sell all of his merchandise. When he stopped over
at the pier to get a drink he noticed a girl looking at him. She was carrying a
jean jacket with an AC/DC sign on it and he decided that she looked like a
prospective client so he non-chalalently went over to where she was standing to
ask her if she would be interested in a purchase. She smiled and asked him how
much he was selling a gram for. When he replied $15.00 she seemed a little
disappointed and asked if he sold half-grams or $10.00 pieces. Since his
bussiness was mobile Dylan had to tell her what you see is what you get. She
seemed a little disappointed. Dylan who had just spent the last two hours on
the beach looking at the babes suntanning was horny as hell so he figured that
a guy has to give it a try. He asked the little lady if she would be interested
to pay him in kind. Her eyes changed expression and for an instant he was
conviced that he would be slapped in the face but she smiled at him and
answered that she would be ready to satisfy him for some of his goods. Dylan
was taken aback. He had not expected her to answer yes. Granted he'd had a
couple of short things with girls at USF but nothing to remove the shyness he
felt.

      The girl introduced herself as Melanie. She was quite attractive, not the
kind of attractive you would call a playboy bunny but rather the fresh heathly
down to earth look. She was not a stunner by any stretch of the imagination but
when she talked her face lit up and made her all the more desirable. Dylan had
proposed to take her back to his place so she asked if he had a car. When he
said he didn't she said she did, so he suggested that they pick up his bike on
the way there. What he didn't expect was that she drove an old beat up
Volkswagen beatle painted emerald green.
 
      When they got to his place, he showed her through his electronics studio
which did take up about half of the main floor. It turned out that Melanie was
an engineering student so she found all of his junk quite neat. He was quite
nervous and decided that perhaps he should let her sample some of his stock so
he rolled a joint for the two of them. She was quite forward and asked him what
type of sexual favor he wanted. He was a little startled. Dylan could be a
prude at times. They smoked the joint together and Melanie asked him if he
would like a blowjob. Somewhat of a dumb question since what male would refuse
having his cock sucked by a lovely female. Melanie walked over to Dylan and
rubbed the crotch of his cut-off jean trunks. She unzipped the zipper and took
out his dick. As you might expect it was hard as rock. She licked her finger
and passed it on the tip of the erection. She did that a couple of times and
then she took off her bathing suit top. She was well equiped and she pushed his
cock between her breasts until the tip reached into her mouth. She was giving
him both a breast fuck and blow job. Dylan who had limited experience with
women, was freaking out. He was happy that he was stoned a little so that he
could enjoy Melanies efforts a little longer. He could hardly believe that a
girl he had just met an hour ago at the beach was there in his house giving him
the sensations of his life. Melanie applied herself and let lots of saliva flow
from her mouth so to lubricate the movement Dylan's cock was doing between her
breasts and at the same time rammed his dick way down her throat. He could feel
the tightness and the softness of the squeeze and he told me it was like
nothing he had ever felf before but it was something to be experienced. He
found that it was a real pity that they weren't in another room of his place
that had mirrors on all of the walls cause he would have loved to see her
breasts bounce up and down as her mouth engulfed and sucked his penis.

      After a while he could no longer contain his pleasure and told her that
he was going to cum. She let his cock out of her mouth and he sprayed her
breasts and face with his juices. That he saw and found even more exquisite
that she rubbed the cum all over her face. He was mostly speechless but he did
manage to mutter that it was one of the more exhilarating experiences he had
ever had. Melanie smiled and told him that she was just warming up. Dylan
thought again about that room upstairs with the mirrors on 4 walls. He had
never used it himself since it was his sisters room when she was in town. He
thought that this would be the ideal spot to continue experiencing Melanie. He
couldn't have been more correct. Melanie was enchanted with the mirrors. She
told him that the room would have to be well lit for them to get the complete
effect of all those mirrors. She sat on the bed and got out of her purse
several accesories. Out came several condoms, one which was ribbed, another
that glowed in the dark whereas the others where just plain. She also had a
tube of K-Y jelly.

      Dylan was a little confused at that point. Was Melanie a hooker or call
girl? Why was she so well equiped. She had a plausible explanation. She used
K-Y for several other uses and well with the advent of aids she would never
leave home without safes. She always had the stuff in her purse at all times
but mostly never got a chance to use it. Dylan went downstairs to get both of
them a beer and to re-gain his composure. After the great head she had just
given him, he was hooked completely and totally. She knew that he would do just
about anything she would ask him to. She enjoyed the feeling of being in
control.

      Dylan came back with her gram of hash. She took it and rolled another
joint with part of the piece and put the rest in a little metalic cigarette box
she had in her purse in which she kept all her paranaphalia. He gave her a beer
and sipped on his while he looked at what she was doing in purse. He He could
hardly believe how well-equiped this chick was with everything. He also looked
at her chest and got shivers through his spine thinking about where his dick
had been and the sensations he had gotten. He was looking at the detail in her
bikini top and getting a massive hard-on, but being the shy type he was, he
just didn't know what to say. Melanie sipped her beer slowly and noticed that
Dylan was getting exited. They were in the room with all the mirrors and her
juices were flowing just thinking about the visual effects that could be
accomplished here. She had always wanted to see herself make love. To see a
hard cock ram inside her cunt with passion. Those thoughts sent shivers through
her body. She was ready for action. She came up to Dylan and caught him into a
long passionate kiss while she took off his jean vest, caressing his tanned
chest and feeling the softness of his chest hair. After a couple of minutes she
couldn't help but pull those jean shorts down exposing the only white skin on
his body and his hard-on. He kicked the shorts off his feet to give himself
added mobility and bent a little to be able to insert his rock hard member
between the tightness of her thighs. He enjoyed the feeling and the closeness
before actually penetrating a girl.

      He felt Melanie up and down. He rather enjoyed her bikini top or should I
say he enjoyed removing it. It beat struggling with an uncooperative bra and
then wrestling to take a sweater off a girls head. He just pulled on the string
and whamo it was off. He had access to delicious orgasmic breasts that he could
have all to himself. His cock got so stiff that it hurt. How he enjoyed
Melanies body. He pulled down her bikini bottoms with just one touch. The
beauty of bikinis. He caressed those big firm cheeks that moved so nicely when
she walked. He moved his hands up and down her body. She stopped the passionate
kiss and took his head and shoved it on her breasts. He welcomed the invitation
to mouth her large knockers. Like an infant on his mother he sucked hungrily
inhaling her sweet intoxicating fragrance. Melanie was moaning softly, and
started to mutter words.

      "Oh baby, please, baby, go on, take me, please, I want you to fuck me".

      Dylan continued sucking one breast after the other while Melanie pleaded
some more. He rather enjoyed the pleading and made him want to take more time
to prolong her agony. so to speak. Tentatively he inserted a finger up her cunt
then two then all four and finger fucked her for a while, while still sucking
her tits. Her pleading and moaning got louder. He had her at his fingertips,
litteraly. Seeing how exited she was he continued and used his other hand to
simultaneously stimulate her clit. Her body quivered, he could feel the heat of
her skin. This girl was hot and he was making sure that she stayed hot. All the
girls he had had til this time had been dead lumps in bed. For the first time
he was with a passionate tigress and he found it so much more entertaining.

      Then he sensed that she was going to come. He kept up the pace until she
told him over and over for a coupple of minutes that she was coming. This was
also a first for Dylan. No girl had ever told him she came. In fact feeling her
whole body quiver the way she did and feeling her cunt spasms like that was a
new experience for him. He wondered if he had made a woman come before this
time or at least told himself that all woman should come so intensely as she
had just done. He was looking forward to fucking her brains out and making her
come ever more, perhaps to the point where she would no longer be able to
handle it. Melanie collapsed on the bed, her body covered in sweat saying how
good it was. Dylan at that point realized he was naked and could see his
reflection all over the room. It made him feel really self-conscious as he got
his beer and then left the room to go to the bathroom. When he returned Melanie
was lying on her stomach, exposing to him her milk white bottom, that heavily
contrasted with her tanned body. He wondered if she expected anything specific
of him but he couldn't wait to penetrate her any longer. He grabbed a plain
ramses lubricated prophylactic and rolled it on his erect dick. He was ready to
fuck her till the cows came home.

      He kneeled over her on the bed and caressed her ass. Then he slapped it
slightly, Melanie got in a doggie position. Skillfully, Dylan inserted his
rubbered cock inside Melanie. It went in like a charm since Melanie was really
wet. He put his hands around her waist and increased speed. Her breathing got
heavy and she began takling again saying things like "give it to me good babe".
Each time she muttered something like that he would increase the speed. Dylan
looked up and saw himself in the mirror his face contorting with pleasure as he
came closer to peaking. Melanie went from doggie position to kneeling so now
she would also see the whole scene, Dylan put his hands under her knockers
while he noticed from the mirror that she was stimulating her own clit in a
frenzy. To see a girl stimulate herself was the ultimate turn-on for him but he
had to let his mind wander back to the beach for an instant. He wanted Melanie
to come again. He wondered how it would feel to have Melanie come like that
when he was inside her. Looking into the mirror again he saw her tits bouncing
and his hands caresseing them as they bounced. He also saw her fingering her
clit. This time he could not control the urge to come and grunted with pleasure
as his eyes went out of focus. Once the orgasm finished he realised that
Melanie was coming and perhaps had started coming at the same time he did so he
continued ramming his cock a couple of times more to keep her and the feeling
she was experiencing going to her body a little longer while savoring the
intensity of her body spasms.

      They both laid on the bed and kissed softly like lovers really pleased
with each other, both covered in each other's sweat. This is when I walked into
the room and walked out real fast because I got a little embarassed. I had
knocked and rang the doorbell, but Dylan got so absorbed in his eletronic
repairs at times that he wouldn't hear, so I had let myself in with my key and
walked around the house looking for him. I didn't expect him to be with a girl
since it had never happened before. I went to the kitchen to get a beer and
within a few minutes Dylan was also in the kitchen grinning profusely. At that
point in time he just told me that Melanie was hot but told me what I just
described a little later. This was just the beginning of his adventures with
Melanie, whom he referred to as the sex-goddess in private with me.

