Archive-name: Bondage/dryer.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: Dryer Sex


I ripped her bikini off and made her lean over the dryer, spreading her
legs and putting her hands behind her back.  Taking some of her nylons,
I quickly tied her hands together.  With the extra length remaining, I
tied the nylons around her waist so that her arms are pinned helplessly
against her body.  As I went down to finger and tongue her ass and moist
cunt, I found two dildos has beat me to her.  "So you like to play
games?" I said.  Pumping on the rods that were already in her, I pulled
out the anal dildo and plugged the clean end into her mouth.  Then,
while twisting and rapidly pumping the other, I gently eased it out and
rammed part of it in her ass.  I then ordered her to kneel and then
slowly sit down so the dildo can be pushed all the way into her ass. She
moaned with pain and pleasure and the dildo penetrated deeper and
deeper.  When she is all the way down, I open my ass close to her face
and told her to shove the dildo from her mouth all the way in.  I moaned
as she slowly pushed and twisted the rod into my hot and tight hole.
When it was in, I put my arms behind me and held her head in place as
she tongued my ass.

I then made her lean over the dryer again, with her legs again spread
wide.  I rolled up some of her panties into a ball, tied a nylon around
it, and then stuffed and secured this ball gag into her mouth. Then,
without any warning, I begin to fuck her cunt with my now rock hard
cock.  She breathing became faster and faster, as her moans became
louder and louder, though still muffled by the gag.  She began to fight
uselessly against the bonds that held her arms. Then, as I was closing
to coming, her body jerked and writhed as she screamed into her gag.  I
fucked her harder and faster as she experience one orgasm after another.
Just before I came, I quickly pulled out, pushed her to her knees, and
shot all over her face.  Her beautiful face was covered and dripping
with my juices of love as she begged for more.  I pull the dildo out of
my ass and rammed it all the way into her slippery cunt.  With her hands
still tied and her mouth gagged, I lead her back to my apartment where
further bondage and pleasure awaits us both.

--
