 
A story of longing....(cont..prt.3) (A fantasy...)          
                                                            
     The lady-in-waiting's breath was still ragged as he    
turned her over on the leather-bound table and again        
tethered her one hand and then the other to opposite sides  
of the table. With a click of a button, the bottom half of  
the table folded under and her ankles were quickly cuffed   
and tethered to the supports; her bottom rising up slightly 
as he tilted the table so that her head was now a little    
lower than her buttocks.                                    
     Even as the soft echoes of her last release diffused   
thru her body, her mind began to reel at the possibilities  
that this posturing of her body presented to him...HE who   
had laid claim to her; body & soul. Again, she felt the warm
trickle of scented oil dribble over her shoulders, down the 
back of her spine and even down the crack of her behind     
where it oozed and trickled at the soft folds of her female 
essence. Her hips began to softly gyrate at the ticklish    
feel of the oil at her nether lips as his fingers began to  
caress the oil into her skin, starting at her shoulders and 
then slowly, sensually descending; down her spine to the    
soft mounds of her behind; kneading sensitive points along  
the way.  Again, a warmth began to spread thru her body as  
her skin tingled from the caresses. He paused momentarily at
the opening to her c**t and then massaged her there; his    
fingers occasionally slipping in with soft, smooth strokes. 
She again found herself moaning at his touch and her hips   
moved against his fingers, straining to meet them as they   
pushed inward. She was amazed to find herself responding so 
quickly after her last release as soft shards of pleasure   
began to build in her body once again. A small sigh of      
disappointment escaped her lips as he left the area and     
massaged oil into the skin of her inner thighs, the soft    
skin behind her knees and down her calves to her feet.      
   The small, flat vibrator was still firmly in place and,  
again, she startled slightly as it began to vibrate between 
her legs. He left her side for a moment and when he         
returned, he knelt in front of her and lifted her chin so   
that she could look into his eyes. His hands softly stroked 
her hair and softly he asked, "Are you ready for more, my   
lady..." A soft smile framed his face and his eyes shown    
with tenderness.  She knew, at this time, she could have    
said no...could have asked him to stop...and he would have. 
But, she wanted to see this through...wanted to please him..
PRODIGY(R) interactive personal service         01/10/93        10:43 PM

wanted..yes, she wanted more, wanted to experience total    
submission to him. She looked deeply into his probing eyes  
and smiled..."I am ready, Master..."  He smiled broadly and 
lightly caressed her cheek. "So be it, my lady..."  And,    
with that, he quickly rose and moved to the end of the      
table, centering himself behind her.  The lady closed her   
eyes and waited for him to begin....again!    (tbc)     MK  
                                                            
    The lady sensed more than heard the sharp hiss as the   
lash whipped thru the air. She quickly tightened her        
buttocks muscles while drawing in a sharp breath. Her body  
tried to dart sideways as if to flee what must come & then  
her mind reeled as she realized that she did not feel the   
sting on her bottom. He had lashed the soft leather beside  
her, so close to her body that she felt a small wisp of air 
stir beside her in its passage. Her head then whipped around
to look back at him to see what his next move would be and  
his eyes locked with hers. As if disturbed that she could   
move in such a way to be able to see what he would do next, 
he left her and picked out something from the bag he carried
with him. Her Master quickly placed the soft leather collar 
around her neck and fastened it. Then, he attached two      
leather straps to the collar and teathered them to ring     
holes on the table's sides. With the collar tethered in this
manner, the lady could only look ahead. The tethering was   
not so tight as to cause constriction; only to keep her from
looking back at him. Again, he caressed her hair & smiled   
wickedly. "This should keep you from being so curious, my   
lady," he laughed softly. Then, he returned to the end of   
the table. Again, she heard the sharp hiss of the whip and a
small yelp escaped her lips as, this time, it found purchase
on the soft, supple flesh of her bottom. Again & again the  
lashes fell and the lady moaned with each sting; her hips   
gyrating...searching for surcease from the burning warmth   
which painted her flesh red. Tears began to form and fall   
as he continued the whipping. She tried to center in on the 
rhythm of his lashings in hopes to anticipate where & when  
the next sting would greet her but to no avail.  Just as she
would tighten her bottom, expecting the next sting...he     
would pause until she began to relax and then...."whack"... 
the lashes would strike her again.                          
    Sensations began to build within her. With each         
succeeding strike of the whip, wild fire from her bottom    
seemed to mingle with the pleasurable sensations of the     
vibrator between her legs. As the lashing continued, she was
amazed to find herself trying to meet the fiery sting  of   
the lashes instead of moving away from them. Her breathing  
grew labored as she moaned and tried to toss & turn her     
head. Tears streamed down her face  and her body moved      
wildly in its restraint. Her wrists and ankles tugged and   
pulled at their restraints even as her body sought release  
from the overwhelming sensations cascading within her.      
   Suddenly, the whipping stopped and she bucked as his     
fingers thrust their way deep within the soft confines of   
her sheath.  Her release came upon her almost immediately as
he pressed on the small,flat vibrator; his fingers stroking 
her & thrusting deeply.  The lady-in-waiting cried out as   
her release caused shards of exquisite pleasure to rush     
through her body. Her cries and moans echoed off the stone  
walls of the dungeon; first...loudly...and then more softly 
as her release was spent......... Her Master quickly        
untethered her as she lay there gasping for breath and      
gathered her into his arms. He carried her over to a soft   
couch, tenderly wrapped her in a soft blanket and then held 
her tightly in his arms. His lips gently caressed her       
forehead, her eyes, her cheeks and she closed her eyes and  
sighed.  "My lady," he whispered softly, "Rest. This was    
your first time....we will explore more, later..."          
 
The journey continues...........(A fantasy)...              
                                                            
   The lady-in-waiting sighed softly & her eyelids fluttered
open. Staring down at her were the compelling eyes of her   
master. "How long have I been asleep?" she asked as she     
stirred from his arms & wrapped the blanket closely around  
her.  "Not long," he answered. He stood up and offered a    
hand to her. "I would like you to get dressed now, my lady. 
You have need of nourishment and, after that, I will take   
you to my home. We have much to talk about."                
   As they dined by candlelight,the two soulmates discussed 
the scene they had just completed. The lady's master probed 
her with poignant questions drawing out her reactions to his
possession of her body and she tried to answer as frankly as
she could. Occasionally, as she recalled the way her body   
responded to his touches, she would tremble with renewed    
desire and her eyes shone brightly at the memory. Her master
smiled to himself as her face took on the far-away look,    
knowing she was re-experiencing her submission to him. He   
would then take her hand in his and softly caress it.       
   Before they left the restaurant, her master whispered    
something in her ear. The lady blushed but nodded her head  
and excused herself from the table.  Moments later, she     
returned and handed him the fine, lace panties which she    
carried in her hands.  As he helped her into her coat, his  
lips brushed the tips of her earlobe.  "From now on, my     
lady...you are to be prepared for me at all times. You will 
always wear a garter and hose, but that is all you shall    
wear under your clothing.  Any other undergarments will be  
chosen by me unless I tell you otherwise."  Again she       
blushed but nodded her head in acquiescence to his command. 
    As they approached his home, she gasped in awe at the   
sight of it. Nestled between tall trees was the most        
beautiful English tudor she'd ever seen.  It was made of    
stone and brick with latticed windows. Inside, the decor    
was of soft, muted colors and, in the great room, soft      
leather couches and large high-backed chairs gathered around
a huge fireplace. As he toured her through his home, her    
interest peaked as she followed him down the stone-carved   
steps leading to the basement. He unlocked a door at one end
of the cellar, opened it, and bade her to enter.  It was    
dark inside the room and when he turned on the lights, her  
eyes widened as she beheld a smaller rendition of the       
dungeon they had just left.  Along the walls were all sorts 
of paraphenalia she had never seen before, nor could she    
describe them.  Shackles, large solid beams with chains     
reaching down were seen; a large, leather-bound table was   
also found in the middle of the room. Along the opposite    
wall, a fireplace was situated. Again, a small shard of fear
coursed through her body as she slowly walked around the    
room, occasionally stopping to inspect this item or that.   
Her master stood in the doorway, his arms folded across his 
chest and his legs parted slightly, watching her closely.   
Finally he motioned her to follow him and they left the     
dungeon to return to the great room.                        
   For the rest of the evening, the two soulmates talked    
incessantly of their desires and their plans. By the time   
the midnight hour had been reached, an informal contract had
been reach between the lady and her master. Her master held 
her tightly in his arms. "Then...we are agreed?" he asked.  
The lady smiled softly and nodded.  "Yes,master...we are    
agreed."   He smiled broadly.  "Then, come with me..."                                                             
   Her master took hold of her hand and led her up the      
stairs and into the room in which they would share their    
nights together. The lady scanned the room,taking in the    
high, four-postered bed, the long, cloth-covered bench at   
the foot of it, and at the fieldstone fireplace. Softly     
woven braided rugs scattered the oak floors. She also       
noticed the glass cabinet in one corner of the room and     
thought she spied an assortment of whips,crops and what     
looked like broad paddles of some sort but could not get a  
closer look as he led her from the room through an open door
which led to the private bathroom.  There, in the soft      
lights streaming from the ceiling, he let go of her hand and
began to fill the large, oval tub with warm water. Then he  
turned back to her and began to disrobe her. When she was   
again naked in front of him he bade her to do the same to   
him. Whether out of fear or desire..or both..her hands      
trembled slightly as she unbuttoned his shirt and slid it   
from his arms. As she went about her duty, his eyes watched 
her every move. Occasionally, she would peer up into them   
and her heart would beat wildly. His eyes looked as if they 
could have devoured her. She quickly looked away as if      
fearing that if she stared into them long enough, she would 
be mesmerized by them.  Working more quickly now, she helped
him out of the rest of his clothing. Bending down to help   
him out of his pants, her head came into close approximation
with his manhood. It was quite apparent that he desired her 
and he bent down and began to softly caress her hair. "I    
would love to take you here and now, my lady...but, it is   
not yet time.  Before this night is through, however..."    
And, he laughed softly as he stroked her tresses.           
    The two of them entered the tub together and he began to
wash her just as if she were a child.  His soft gentle      
caresses soothed her skin, especially those areas to which  
he had administered the whip. As steam rose, a strange sense
of calmness centered within her and she closed her eyes and 
leaned against the back of the tub and let the warmth of the
water and the caress of his hands relax aching muscles.  She
did not even flinch when he gently pried her legs open and  
lathered her bottom and the area between her legs.  She     
expected him to demand that she do the same for him, but he 
just let her lay there and relax under his expert hands and 
the soothing comfort of the water.                          
      Later, his body glistening with moisture, he left the 
tub and brought out 2 large towels. He rubbed himself dry   
and then offered his hand to help her from the water. He    
reverently toweled every part of her body as she stood there
watching him. From a closet situated next to the bathroom,  
he donned black lounging pajamas for himself but, for her,  
he only motioned her to sit on the bed.  He left her side   
and started a fire in the fireplace.  The roar of the fire  
that was soon blazing cast eerie shadows around the room.   
Then, he turned back to her.  Again, she recognized the     
strange, commanding glint that shone in his eyes and she    
drew in a sharp breath. Her heart began to beat wildly again
and a soft throb between her legs echoed her pounding heart.
He moved to the glass cabinet and opened it.  From one of   
the drawers, she watched him extract the leather cuffs and..
she gasped silently...and, one of the paddles.  He turned to
her and smiled.  Then, he moved towards her........         
               (to be continued)                            
