Archive-name: 3plus/dsis-sue.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Donna her Sister and Sue
Also-archived: Series/bus1st08.txt


I had a date  Tuesday after work with  Sue and as I  had been neglecting
Sue a bit I decided  it would be nice to  take her out to dinner  first.
Sue was grateful  and we spent  a nice relaxing  time at the  restaurant
before heading over to her place.  Sue had been questioning me at dinner
about my  continued visits  to Jane's  and my  lust filled weekends.  At
first I wondered if Sue was getting jealous but finally she told me  she
just wanted to be  invited to more of  the hot times.  I  told her about
Donna and my  date with Donna  and her younger  sister and asked  if she
would like to join us, seeing how  she and her brother had gotten it  on
with Karen and her brother when  they were younger.  Sue accepted and  I
knew a hot time  was in store for  the following evening.  Sue  was very
turned on and after we got back to her place Sue insisted I watch a very
hot video she had.  We stripped  down and went to shower together.   Sue
asked me to shave her pussy so  she would be nice and slick for  tonight
and for our date with Donna and her sister the next evening.  I  propped
Sue up  on the  vanity and  shaved her  dripping cunt  and tight asshole
leaving her pussy slick  and naked except for  a small strip of  hair on
her mound above the start of  her slit.  Sue looked great and  we jumped
in the shower enjoying each others bodies and getting very worked up.

Sue took me into the Living room and sat me down to watch the fuck  film
she had mentioned earlier.  Sue got the tape and as she put it into  the
VCR I noticed it was one of those amateur productions that she and  Jane
seemed always to have  around.  As he picture  started Sue told me  that
this one was one of her favorites  and that it would make me cum  before
it was  through.  The  story started  out with  a family  traveling in a
station wagon.  Mom and  Dad were up front  and what appeared to  be two
teenage children were  sitting in the  back, a fully  developed brunette
girl with a pretty face and nice tits wearing a snug tank top and  tight
white shorts and a slightly younger blond boy wearing a t-shirt and  cut
offs.  The  Camera zoomed  in on  the Mother  and father  who were  both
attractive, the father showing a trim body and a fat lump in his  pants.
His wife  was great  looking blond  with large  firm tits  covered by  a
bandeau top clearly showing stiff  nipples as she read a  brochure.  The
camera  then  panned  the  brochure  she  was  reading  showing it to be
advertising for a Nudist  colony.  Sound cut in  and I heard the  mother
talking about how nice  the camp looked and  she showed her husband  and
children pictures  complete with  nude people  frolicking around  in the
sun.  The husband Dan,  remarked that he had  hear that there were  some
wild goings on at  this camp and that  the weekend should be  a hot one.
Dan asked his daughter Jill what she thought of the place and she  moved
forward to look more  closely at the brochure.   As she did her  brother
reached under her top  and began to fondle  her full tits.  Jill  didn't
pull away and told her mother  that she liked the place and  was looking
forward to a hot sex filled  weekend.  Her mother glanced back and  told
her son Tom to  behave until they got  to the camp.  Tom  reached around
his mother and began to rub her  full firm tits telling her that he  was
going to suck her tits until she climaxed.  Dan cut in and addressed his
wife Ruth telling her that there would  be plenty of men to try out  and
that she should make  Tom find someone nice.   Jill in the meantime  had
leaned  farther  over  the  front  seat  and now was rubbing her fathers
growing erection.  The film continued and by the time the family reached
the Nudist Camp Jill had her brother Tom's cock out of his pants and was
stroking it while Tom played with her tits under her tank top.

The family went to the lobby and registered for the weekend.  While they
signed in  the camera  scanned the  lobby showing  a couple  of shots of
naked people waltzing around and a few stray shots of people fucking  in
the lobby  of the  building.  One  shot showed  a older  man in his late
forties sitting on a couch while a young girl rode his stiff cock facing
away from him as  an older woman licked  the girls exposed clit  lapping
her spread pussy  and pulling on  her small firm  tits and twisting  her
erect nipples as if  it was the most  natural thing to do  in the lobby.
Just outside the lobby to the back of the building was a pool and  there
were numerous naked people laying around in the sun getting a tan.   Two
couples were fucking on  a low bench beside  the pool the first  a young
couple who from their looks might have been in their late teens or early
twenties and another couple who looked more like thirty or so.  The  two
women had sleek firm bodies and their cunts were completely shaved while
their partners  were both  athletic and  well hung.   The women  were on
their knees on the bench kissing  each other and pulling on each  others
firm swinging tits  while they were  being fucked doggy  style, the guys
pounding  their  stiff  pricks  deep  into  the girls open pussies.  Dan
pointed out the couples to his wife Ruth who licked her lips and  rubbed
her husbands crotch showing him how turned on she was.  Tom was standing
behind his sister Jill as they looked around taking in the horny  action
Tom rubbed his sister's tits and crotch.

Finally the father  finished registration and  a pretty naked  girl came
out from  behind the  counter and  lead them  to their  rooms.  They all
piled in the elevator and she began to give them the rules of the  camp.
The only rules that were  enforced she explained was that  everyone must
be 16 years old  or older and all  guests must stay naked  all the time,
shoes  were  allowed  when  playing  tennis  or  volley ball but must be
removed after leaving the courts.  She added that open sex in the dining
room was  frowned on  also but  discreet touching  and licking under the
tables was tolerated although  not officially sanctioned.  The  girl who
introduced herself as Jean was tall and slim with long blond hair and  a
nice set of small firm tits capped by pink erect nipples.  Jean had slim
hips and a  nice firm ass,  her pussy was  trimmed nicely and  her slick
pink pussy lips were  exposed as well as  a nice stiff clit  which poked
provocatively  from  between  her  glistening  slit.   When the elevator
reached their  floor Jean  showed them  into their  room and checked the
room  for  fresh  towels  and  linen.   By  the time she came out of the
bathroom Tom had already stripped and was waiting for her.  Jean noticed
Tom naked looking at her, his cock  stiff as a board and decided to  see
if his prick tasted as good as  it looked.  Jean walked over to Tom  and
wrapped her small hand around his  cock pulling him to her and  pressing
her small firm tits into  his chest.  Tom returned her  touches grabbing
Jean's tit and cupping her firm ass pulling her into a hot embrace.

Jill saw the action start and was soon naked herself as her parents  put
the suitcases into the closet.  Dan and Ruth returned to the bedroom  to
find Tom  and Jean  on the  bed together.   Jean was  sucking Tom's cock
while  their  daughter  Jill  was  licking  and  finger fucking the tall
blond's exposed pussy.   Dan and Ruth  dropped what they  were doing and
quickly stripped off  their cloths.  Dan's  cock was stiff  and long and
Ruth's  trimmed  pussy  was  dripping  juices.   Dan moved in behind his
daughter Jill and  spread her pussy  open as his  wife guided his  stiff
cock up daughter Jill's naked wet cunt.  Dan reamed his big dick up  his
young daughters cunt making her cry out with pleasure.  Ruth moved  onto
the bed and straddled her son Tom's face forcing her dripping slit  onto
his mouth begging him to eat her cunt.  Tom began to tongue his  mothers
shaved pussy  sticking his  tongue deep  into her  vagina and making her
moan with  pleasure.  Jean  had Tom  sucked up  to a  raging hard on and
wanted to feel his stiff dick up  her cunt so she slid up over  his cock
and with his sister Jill holding his prick Jean settled down onto  Tom's
stiff rod  driving his  cock deep  into her  wet tight  slit.  Jill  was
getting her  tight young  cunt reamed  deep by  her father  and she  was
closing in on  a massive climax.   Ruth was enjoying  her son's talented
tongue on her hot wet cunt and  began to suck on Jean's firm small  tits
nipping her stiff pink  nipples as Jean drove  Tom's long fat cock  deep
into her tight teenage pussy.  Jill started to climax and her father Dan
climaxed  with  her  filling  his  daughter  Jill with a massive load of
sperm.  Jill's climatic cries of passion filled the room and pushed  her
mother over the top making her  spill her pussy juices in her  son Tom's
mouth.  Jean began to climax and the tightness of her spasm ridden pussy
brought Tom off making him pump a  big load of sperm up her young  tight
twat.

The girls rode Tom for a  while after their climax and then  pulled Jill
onto the bed  with them as  Tom and his  dad watched Mom  lick Tom's cum
from Jean's slick pussy while  Jill squatted on Jean's face  letting her
lick her dad's sperm from her shaved sperm slick cunt.  As soon as  Jean
had licked Jill's pussy clean she jumped up and excused herself  telling
the family that  she had to  go and disappeared  out and down  the hall.
Ruth wanted to be  fucked and demanded that  her husband and son  double
fuck her right away.  Tom and  Dan were already hard and they  jumped on
the bed Dan on  his back and Tom  ready to fill his  mothers hot asshole
with his stiff cock.  Jill positioned her mother over her dad's dick and
held his cock while Ruth  climbed on stuffing her husband's  thick prick
deep into  her wet  pussy.  Jill  grabbed her  brother's cock  and after
licking  her  mom's  asshole  guided  her  brother's  stiff prick up his
mother's pink anal  pucker.  Ruth let  out a long  gasp as she  felt her
son's cock drive deep into her asshole filling her bowels with his thick
prick.   Ruth was  enjoying  having  her  cunt and asshole filled by her
husband and Son's  big pricks and  shook with passion  and the force  of
their strokes up her cunt and  asshole.  Jill climbed up on her  fathers
face letting him  tongue fuck her  tight teenage pussy  while her mother
licked  and  sucked  her  full  firm  tits and stiff long nipples.  Ruth
climaxed twice from the hot pounding her husband and son were giving her
and Jill came off all over her dad's face as he and Tom climaxed pumping
their thick spunk up Ruth's hot ass and pussy.  Finally the guys  pulled
out of Ruth's packed cunt and anus and went to shower while Jill and her
mom got into a  hot sixty nine licking  and sucking each others  pussies
and assholes until Jill  had licked up most  of her father and  brothers
sperm from  her mother's  pussy and  still open  asshole.  Ruth  and her
daughter Jill shared a shower and then the whole family left their  room
to explore the camp.

I watched the film  with growing lust and  Sue who was curled  up on the
sofa next to me was stroking my stiff cock gently as I fingered her  hot
wet cunt and played  with her tits rolling  her stiff nipples with  slow
steady pressure.  The family reached the lobby again and set off out the
back to see more of what lay in store for them.  Ruth and Dan went for a
walk  to  see  the  tennis  and  volleyball  courts  while  Jill and Tom
investigated the pool area and the hot tubs behind it.  Ruth remarked to
her husband how young  Jean had been and  how hot she was,  Dan reminded
Ruth of the age limit and told his wife he wanted to see her getting her
cunt and asshole fucked my some hung 16 year old guys before the weekend
was over.  Meanwhile over by the  pool Jill and Tom were making  friends
with  two  teenagers  a  bit  younger  than themselves.  The kids were a
sister and brother the girl's name  was Nancy and her body was  slim and
lean with  smallish tits  and a  light blond  pussy which  she displayed
openly.  Nancy was sitting on a low wall near the pool her feet  propped
up exposing her tight young slit  and opening her pink pussy lips.   Her
brother Bob layed back next to her and had a nice long cock which by the
expression on his face he wanted to stick up Jill's pussy.  Jill and Tom
exchanged some  chatter with  their new  friends getting  to know them a
bit.  Tom made the  first move putting his  hand on his sisters  tit and
rubbing her nipple then asking Bob if he liked girls with big tits.  Bob
told Tom  he sure  did but  still liked  to get  it on  with his  sister
because  her  tits  while  small  were  very  sensitive.   Nancy  looked
longingly at Jill's pussy  and Tom's now erect  prick and asked them  if
they wanted to go back by the  hot tubs with her and her brother.   Jill
and Tom agreed and  the four kids walked  back to the hot  tub area Jill
taking Bob by the hand while Tom put his arm around Nancy and rubbed her
tit while they walked.

When the kids reached the hot tub there was a couple about in their  mid
thirties already fucking  their brains out  on the deck  surrounding the
tub.  The  watched them  for a  bit which  only seemed  to inflame their
desire for  each other  and ended  up with  the guy  getting the girl up
doggy style and spreading  her ass cheeks then  forcing his dick up  her
open anus and fucking her till  he filled her asshole with a  fresh load
of sperm.  Watching  the couple inflamed  both the kids  desires and Bob
and Tom's cocks which were standing stiff and ready.  Jill pulled  Nancy
to her  and kissed  Nancy deeply  while rubbing  her large  tits against
Nancy's smaller  breasts.  Nancy  cupped Jill's  tits and  pulled on the
stiff  pink  nipples  making  Jill  moan  with pleasure.  Nancy told her
brother Bob to fuck Jill and Jill spread her legs and layed back calling
for Bob to stick his stiff  prick up her pussy.  Bob got  between Jill's
legs and let his sister open  Jill's pussy and guide his stiff  shaft up
Jill's  wet  tight  cunt.   Nancy  was  up  over  Jill and as Bob's cock
disappeared up Jill's pussy Nancy  licked and sucked Jill's exposed  and
very  stiff  clit.   Jill  meanwhile  was  licking and fingering Nancy's
slippery young  pussy and  pulling the  young girls  stiff pink nipples.
Tom seeing his  opportunity moved in  behind Nancy and  after giving her
pussy and asshole a few quick  licks Tom let his sister guide  his stiff
prick up  Nancy's slippery  slit.  As  Tom's thick  dick spread  Nancy's
tight young  vagina Nancy  began to  moan with  pleasure and rocked back
forcing Tom's dick deeper  into her young cunt.   Tom soon had his  dick
buried deep in Nancy's tight cunt and began to thrust deep into her body
making Nancy moan  even louder with  pleasure.  Jill was  getting reamed
hard by  Bob's dick  his hard  fat shaft  stretching her  cunt with each
thrust of his  young hips.  Bob  looked down watching  his cock plunging
deep into Jill's slippery slit while his sister lashed Jill's clit  with
her tongue raising Jill's passion to ever increasing heights.  Nancy was
close to climax her pussy tightening around Tom's stiff pounding cock as
he drove his  long fat cock  deep into the  recesses of her  tight young
cunt.  Bob slammed his stiff cock deep into Jill's wet tight slit making
Jill  climax  as  he  pumped  his  cum  deep into her hot quivering slit
filling her pussy with his youthful load.  Tom hearing his sister  start
her  climax  grabbed  Nancy's  slim  hips  and  drove his cock deep into
Nancy's tight  hot cunt  completing her  orgasmic climb  and pumping her
tight stretched pink slit full of his load of thick sperm.  Tom and  Bob
ground their cocks  into the girls  for a bit  and then after  getting a
rousing round of applause from the couple they had been watching earlier
they sat back and watched as Nancy and Jill licked their sperm from each
others swollen cunts.

While Tom and Jill were having fun with their new friends Bob and  Nancy
their parents were finding  getting fucked at this  camp was as easy  as
getting robbed in  central park.  Dan  and Ruth had  walked in on  three
couples and a young stud who were getting it on in a grassy spot on  the
way to the tennis courts.  The three girls were enjoying being pleasured
by four guys.  One big blond  was sitting on the young studs  cock while
getting her asshole reamed  by one of the  older guys.  A slim  brunette
with large tits for her thin body was taking one of the guys up her  ass
by squatting on  his long thick  cock while the  other girl was  licking
brunettes cunt  while being  fucked doggy  style by  the last  guy.  The
brunette called out to Dan and Ruth to join the fun and they moved  onto
the blanket next to the  brunette.  The brunette grabbed Dan's  cock and
pulled him to her face sliding  his thick shaft into her mouth  and deep
into her throat while  Dan grabbed her bouncing  tits and began to  pull
her  stiff  nipples.   Ruth  straddled  the  guy  with  his  cock up the
brunette's asshole and  lowered her pussy  to his mouth  enjoying a nice
pussy eating  session.  The  brunette climaxed  on the  guys dick and he
filled her hot rectum with his sperm  as he ate Ruth to a quick  climax.
Once the  brunette climbed  off the  guys cock  she pushed  Dan down and
quickly mounted his stiff cock  ramming Dan's dick up her  sopping pussy
and fucking him like they were long lost lovers.  The girl who had  been
licking the brunettes cunt and the  guy fucking her climaxed as did  the
blond getting double fucked next to them.  Ruth wanted cock so she moved
down the guy  who was eating  her stuffing his  big dick up  her hot wet
cunt and banging her twat down over his long dick filling her pussy with
his throbbing prick.  One of the guys fucking the blond got behind  Ruth
and stuffed  his cock  up Ruth's  hot asshole  making her  cry out  with
pleasure.  The  blond and  the girl  who had  been licking the brunettes
cunt got down in a hot sixty nine licking each others sperm filled cunts
while the remaining  guy worked his  dick down Ruth's  throat.  The orgy
continued until they all climaxed again and Dan filled the brunette with
his sperm  as his  wife Ruth  got both  her holes  filled with thick hot
semen and sucked down  a big load of  cum as the guy  fucking her throat
blasted his balls into her mouth.  The guys were pretty worn out by  now
and after the girls licked each others hot spermy cunts and assholes the
orgy broke up and Dan and Ruth headed over to the pool area.

Dan and Ruth wondered  how their kids were  getting along and found  out
when they reached the pool.  Tom was laying back with a very cute  young
girl bouncing up  and down on  his cock driving  his stiff prick  up her
tight little asshole while she faced Tom's feet.  An older woman sat  on
Tom's face  and played  with the  young girls  tits reaching  around her
squeezing the young tit flesh  while pulling on her stiff  pink nipples.
Jill was on  her hands an  knees eating the  girls lightly downed  pussy
while an older man, probably  the older woman's husband was  fucking his
long fat cock up Jill's anus with long slow thrusts.  Dan and Ruth stood
and watched as their  kids got it on  with the young girl  and what they
reasoned to be her mother and father.  Finally after ringing a number of
orgasms from the youngster her mother  and Jill.  Tom and the older  man
climaxed, Tom filling the young  girls tight pink asshole with  sperm as
the  older  guy  deposited  a  big  load  of  spunk up Jill's hot rectum
whipping his load into a  frothing cream which dripped down  Jill's legs
as she lapped up her brothers sperm leaking from the young girls  packed
anus.  Dan and  Ruth introduced themselves  to the older  couple finding
out that their suspicions had been correct and the young girl whose name
was Ann was  the daughter of  Barb and Fred.   The pool area  started to
look like  a scene  from Plato's  Retreat with  piles of  fucking bodies
going at it hot  and heavy all around  the pool.  Barb started  stroking
Tom's dick saying she had been cheated and wanted him to fuck her up the
asshole.  Dan and Ruth urged him  on and Ruth sucked his prick  until he
was hard  again and  then guided  her son's  cock up  Barb's hot asshole
while Barb squatted on Dan's cock reaming her cunt with his thick prick.
Ruth pushed  Ann on  her back  and planted  her pussy  on the youngsters
mouth offering her anus to Fred  which he quickly filled with his  stiff
dick while Ruth sucked Ann's spermy  cunt and asshole.  Jill sat on  her
fathers face and  sucked Barb's tits  as her father  licked and fingered
her slippery cunt.   The two families  fucked until Barb,  Ruth, Ann and
Jill had climaxed  and Dan and  Tom filled Barb's  hot cunt and  asshole
with their thick loads.  Fred fucked Ruth's ass and filled her butt with
his load as  Ann and Jill  climaxed again being  eaten by Ruth  and Dan.
With this final scene the film  ended with a notice inviting us  look in
on the next day's activities in part two.

Both Sue  and I  were very  near to  climax and  we crawled between each
others thighs and ate and sucked each others sex until we both climaxed.
Sue flooded my face  with her slick tasty  pussy juices as I  filled her
mouth and throat with a massive lode of sperm.  After cumming we went to
bed  and  fucked  like  minks  far  into  the night.  I woke up the next
morning with my cock  still buried up Sue's  tight butt and both  of her
tits in my hands.  We got in  a quick fuck that morning then headed  off
to work each of us thinking  how we would be enjoying the  evening ahead
of us.  Mu cock was half hard all day and Jane noticed my aroused  state
and called me into her office.  After locking her door Jane proceeded to
pull down my pants and  suck me up to a  nice stiff hard on after  which
shed begged me to fuck her.  I  pulled up her sweater and undid her  bra
letting her full firm  tits loose and sucked  her tits while she  played
with my cock and balls.  I turned  Jane toward her desk and told her  to
lean over the  desk.  With Jane  in position I  pulled up her  skirt and
tucked it up  under her sweater  in the back  exposing her ass  and cunt
which as  usual lately  were without  panties.  Jane  looked hot leaning
over her desk showing  me her ass and  pussy clad only in  a garter Belt
and nylons.   I got  down behind  Jane and  licked her  cunt and asshole
finding her  pussy wet  and ready  for my  stiff cock.   I stood  up and
pressed my stiff dick  up Jane's pulsing twat  reaming her hot wet  cunt
with hard long strokes until  Jane began to climax.  Feeling  Jane's hot
cunt clamp around my dick sent me over the top and I filled her hot  wet
cunt with my sperm ramming my  cock deep into her convulsing twat  as my
dick spurted my cum up her tight vagina.  Since we were in the office we
quickly  cleaned  up  Jane  sucked  my  cock  clean and dressed me after
getting herself back in prim order.  Jane asked me if I could come  over
Saturday to meet her  sister who was coming  to visit her daughter  Kim.
By the look in her eyes I knew Jane had hot times planned for her sister
and I asked her what she thought  her sister would think of how Kim  had
been behaving.  Jane laughed and told  me that she and her sister  had a
bi relationship all thru school and since then she had fucked her sister
Mary's husband  every time  they got  together.  I  smiled and licked my
lips then told Jane I would be there stiff prick at the ready.

The rest of the day went fairly uneventfully and Sue and I left early so
that we  could get  to my  place to  welcome Donna  and her  sister.  We
arrived at my place just after 5pm and fixed a light supper not  wanting
to be full and  lethargic when our young  sex mates arrived.  I  heard a
car pull up the drive about a quarter to six and looking out I saw Donna
and  a  tall  slim  girl  getting  out  of Donna's car.  Both girls were
wearing  short  skirts  and  tight  tank  tops.  Donna's large tits were
stretching the material of  her top nicely and  Sue who was peering  out
the window  noticed that  Donna's nipples  were clearly  visible as they
walked to  the house.   Donna's sister  was a  slimmer version  of Donna
having nice long blond hair and small firm tits slim hips and nice  long
legs.  My cock was getting hard and I knew I would really enjoy  fucking
and sucking these young beauties.  I went to the door and greeted  Donna
and her  sister.  Donna  introduced her  sister Peggy  and told  me that
Peggy was sixteen and ready to experience a really good fuck.  I  looked
at Peggy and asked her if  she wanted to get fucked.  Peggy  answered my
question by lifting  her short skirt  and showing me  her lightly downed
and nicely shaved  pussy.  I reached  down and rubbed  her slippery pink
slit for a minute then asked the girls to follow me into the kitchen.  I
had arranged  with Sue  that she  would stay  there until  I brought the
girls in rather than  surprising them with her  at the door.  Donna  and
Peggy followed me into the kitchen and were a bit surprised to find  Sue
there.  I introduced Sue telling Donna and Peggy that Sue loved girls as
well as  boys and  that she  had great  plans for  the evening  with us.
Donna warmed to Sue  right away and move  to Sue taking her  in her arms
and holding her tight while  she and Sue kissed passionately.   I pulled
Peggy to  me and  kissed her  pulling her  top up  and licking her stiff
nipples while I worked to remove her skirt.  As Peggy's skirt  fluttered
to the  floor I  saw that  Sue had  Donna's top  off and was licking and
sucking her firm tits while she fingered Donna's sopping slit.  I lifted
Peggy onto the kitchen table her naked body filling me with lust.  Peggy
had nice small firm tits and  stiff pink nipples her belly was  flat and
hard and her  long slim legs  were perfectly proportioned.   Peggy had a
nice firm  ass and  perfectly shaved  pussy making  her young pink pussy
lips stick out nicely, her clit was overly large for a young girl and it
stood stiffly between her pink cunt  lips just begging to be sucked  and
licked.

Sue had Donna naked  and got her up  on the table with  Peggy laying her
next to her  younger sister.  The  site of these  two naked young  girls
laying on my  kitchen table their  legs dangling off  the opposite sides
made me hot as hell, my  cock stiff and ready.  I knelt  between Peggy's
spread legs and pressed my finger up her dripping cunt and began to lick
Peggy's pink pussy laving her stiff long clit as I probed her tight  wet
vagina with my fingers.  I saw  Sue follow my lead and get  down between
Donna's thighs  pressing her  fingers up  Donna's hot  pussy and licking
Donna's wet pussy  lashing her clit  with her talented  tongue.  I could
feel Peggy getting excited as I licked and sucked her pussy pulling  her
long  stiff  clit  with  my  lips.   I  reached over and began to fondle
Donna's firm tit pulling on her stiff nipples while I pleasured  Peggy's
hot slit.   Sue was  squeezing and  pulling on  Peggy's tit  as she  ate
Donna's wet  tasty cunt  and fingered  the girls  excited pussy.   Peggy
reached over to  her sister and  rubbed Donna's other  tit as Sue  and I
pleasured the girls.  Donna grabbed Peggy's tit to and pretty soon  both
Donna and Peggy were in the  throes of a massive climax thrusting  their
pussies into Sue and my mouths.  Peggy gushed her sweet pussy juice into
my mouth as her hot body  stiffened with pleasure her climax making  her
cry out with pleasure.  Donna's hot pleasure cries rang thru the house a
she came flooding Sue's mouth with a sweet load of pussy juice.  Sue and
I licked and fingered  the girls cunts making  them twist and jump  with
post climax pleasure until they  begged us to stop their  dripping cunts
quivering with the pleasure we had given them.  Peggy told me she  loved
the way I had licked and fingered  her telling me I was better than  her
sister.  Donna  held Sue's  mouth to  her dripping  slit enjoying  Sue's
talented tongue and begged Sue to let her eat Sue's hot cunt.  Peggy was
still thrusting her hips up and down as I continued to finger her  tight
young cunt and she begged me to fuck her pussy.  I told them it was time
for them to pleasure  Sue and pulled Peggy  up telling her to  follow me
into the  living room.   Peggy and  Donna followed  Sue and  I into  the
living room where  I told the  girls to strip  and pleasure Sue  while I
watched.  Donna  began to  unbutton Sue's  blouse while  Peggy undid and
lowered Sue's pants.  Sue was naked in a flash and Peggy and Donna  each
took one of Sue's  firm tits in their  mouths while they each  slipped a
finger up Sue's very wet pussy.   Sue was moaning from the pleasure  the
girls were giving her as they sucked her tits and nipples and probed her
slick dripping twat with their  fingers.  Sue pressed Peggy down  toward
her pussy and Peggy began to  lick Sue's very wet cunt licking  her clit
and forcing  her finger  up Sue's  hot asshole.   Sue couldn't  take the
pleasure she  was getting  and climaxed  quickly flooding  Peggy's mouth
with her  orgasmic juices.   Peggy licked  up Sue's  hot pussy juice and
Donna sucked Sue's tits while she helped Sue onto the couch.

Peggy came to me  and kissed me while  Donna undid my pants  and slipped
them down.  I wasn't wearing any  underwear so my stiff cock sprang  out
into Donna's face.  Peggy pulled my shirt off and pressed her small firm
tits into my chest as her sister dragged my pants off my legs.   Peggy's
hot firm body felt great and  I wanted to probe Peggy's tight  slit with
my  stiff  cock.   Peggy  and  Donna  helped  me to the floor and got me
positioned on my back  my stiff cock pointing  up ready to fill  Peggy's
young tight slit.  Donna guided my stiff prick as her young sister Peggy
squatted over my stiff prick and  lowered her hot wet slit to  my prick.
Peggy paused as the head of my prick pressed against her pink wet  pussy
lips and let Donna  rub my throbbing prick  into her hot wet  pussy lips
and over her stiff exposed clit.  Donna grabbed Peggy's hips and  slowly
lowered her sister Peggy onto my stiff prick.  Peggy's tight young  cunt
felt great as my thick long dick slowly slipped into her tight wet  cunt
spreading her pink  pussy lips and  rubbing her stiff  long clit.  Peggy
was moaning and  pressing her hot  tight cunt down  over my stiff  prick
slowly driving my  thick cock into  her tight young  vagina.  Once Peggy
had about 6  inches of my  dick stuffed up  her hot wet  slit she lunged
down forcing  the remaining  4 inches  deep into  her tight cunt moaning
deeply as my thick cock spread her young cunt filling her belly with  my
throbbing dick.  Peggy  sat for a  minute her cunt  fully impaled on  my
thick cock as she ground her  clit against the base of my  dick enjoying
the fully filled sensation my prick was giving her tight young pussy.  I
began to thrust my hips  up and down driving my  cock in and out of  her
slick tight cunt as Donna moved over and sat her tasty pussy on my mouth
letting me tongue fuck  her dripping hole.  Peggy  began to hump up  and
down on my cock  driving my prick into  her tight young hole  making her
climax over and over as my  prick drove deep into her young  pussy.  Sue
joined in  and began  to finger  fuck Donna's  hot asshole  as I ate her
sweet dripping slit.  Sue dropped her head between the sisters and began
to lick Peggy's stiff button as Peggy continued to ream her cunt with my
stiff prick.  Peggy's  multiple climaxes were  making her pussy  go into
continuous spasm  and the  tightness of  her young  slit finally took it
toll on my stiff prick making me climax and filling her hot cunt with  a
massive load  of sperm.   I sucked  hard on  Donna's stiff  clit as  Sue
thrust her fingers deep into Donna's asshole making her climax and  fill
my mouth with her  sweet juices.  Peggy shook  hard and sank down  on my
spurting tool as the last of my load sprayed into her tight vagina.  Sue
helped  Donna  off  my  face  and  she  and Sue pulled Peggy off my cock
spreading her legs and licking my load for her still twitching pussy  as
I watched them drive  the young girl crazy  with passion.  I licked  and
fingered  Sue's  pussy  and  asshole  bringing  her off as she and Donna
licked my sperm from Peggy's cum filled cunt.

Just watching  the girls  go at  it made  my cock  stiff and ready to go
again.  Peggy said she wanted to  see me fuck her sister Donna  and fill
her tight cunt with sperm.  Sue was very excited by the way these  young
girls talked  and Donna  was more  than ready  for me  to fill her slick
young slit with my thick cock and pump her to orgasm.  We all headed for
my bedroom  and Donna  grabbed my  cock pulling  me down  on the bed and
jumped on my stiff dick rubbing my prick against her wet pussy lips  and
caressing her clit with the head  of my throbbing prick.  Sue and  Peggy
began to  suck Donna's  large firm  tits as  Donna sank  down guiding my
throbbing prick up her slippery snatch.  Donna forced my dick deep  into
her steaming snatch filling her  tight hole with my thick  pulsing shaft
until her pussy lips ground on my pubic hair.  Peggy moved around behind
her sister and  began to lick  and finger fuck  Donna's hot anal  pucker
filling her  butt with  two fingers  and increasing  the pressure of her
tight pussy on my dick.  Sue sat  on my face and let me tongue  fuck her
hot hole while she licked Donna's  clit as Donna reamed her tight  pussy
with my cock.  Donna  was close to climax  and as her cunt  clamped down
hard I filled her pussy with a thick load of cum climaxing with Donna as
she cried out with delight.  Donna  continued to pump my dick deep  into
her overheated pussy until she had a second orgasm then collapsed on the
bed.  My cock was  stiff and ready and  as Peggy began to  lick and suck
her sister Donna's pussy sucking up my load I pulled Sue to Peggy's  hot
exposed asshole and told her to work on Peggy's pink puckered anus.  Sue
looked at me and asked  me if I thought I  could get my cock up  Peggy's
tight butt.  Before she could answer Peggy looked back and told her  she
wanted to be butt fucked like I had done for her sister.  Sue spread the
young girls ass cheeks and began to tongue and finger her asshole  while
I guided  my cock  up Sue's  hot pussy  ramming my  cock balls deep into
Sue's hot cunt fucking her with hard long strokes forcing her face  into
Peggy's hot  pink asshole  with each  thrust.  Sue  was convulsing  with
orgasm as  I filled  her cunt  with my  cum and  listened to Peggy bring
Donna off to  a long hot  climax.  Sue was  licking the ring  of Peggy's
well stretched anus as  she plunged her fingers  up the young girls  hot
pink anus making her climax  her sweet young pussy juices  dripping from
her cleanly shaved pussy.

I sat back pulling  my stiff prick from  Sue's hot pussy and  watched as
the girls moved  around getting into  another position.  Sue  slid under
Peggy and  pulled her  pussy to  her mouth  licking the  young girls hot
pussy lapping up Peggy's tasty  pussy juices as Peggy licked  and sucked
my sperm  from Sue's  hot spermy  cunt.  Donna  pulled me  up behind her
younger sister and sucked my cock until I was fully erect.  Donna spread
Peggy's firm little ass cheeks and  pulled my cock to her sisters  tight
pink asshole rubbing my cock  against Peggy's asshole pressing the  head
of my thick prick against  Peggy's tight sphincter.  Peggy began  to beg
for my cock and I slowly pressed forward stretching her tight anus as my
cock slowly forced  it s way  into her tight  butt.  Peggy moaned  as my
stiff cock spread her virgin  asshole making her squirm with  delight as
my cock slowly filled her tight  rectum.  I paused after the head  of my
cock passed Peggy's sphincter and I could feel Sue licking franticly  on
Peggy's stiff clit.  Peggy began to  press her ass back forcing my  cock
deeper into her tight hot anal  channel.  Once I had worked my  prick in
to about 8  inches I began  a slow thrusting  up Peggy's stretched  pink
asshole each time driving  a bit more of  my cock into her  tight behind
until I was pressing my cum filled balls against her slick pussy lips my
dick buried deep  into the recessed  of Peggy's pulsing  asshole.  Peggy
had climaxed twice while I was  fucking her asshole and the pressure  on
my cock was enormous.  Donna  straddled her sisters ass and  pressed her
cunt to my face  pulling my mouth to  her sopping snatch and  guiding my
fingers up her hot  wet pussy and asshole.   As trust my cock  deep into
Peggy's asshole She brought Sue  to climax her mouth and  fingers buried
in my  girlfriend's hot  spasm ridden  cunt and  asshole.  I  felt Peggy
thrust back hard driving my stiff  cock deep into her asshole with  each
thrust and as Donna flooded my face and hands with her pussy juice Peggy
climaxed again and I filled her  hot butt with another load of  hot cum.
I was exhausted and after about a minute for primal thrusting up Peggy's
young tight butt I fell back on the bed totally worn out.

Once I had revived a bit I sat up and watched as Sue and Donna licked my
sperm from Peggy's asshole before I  got up and went to the  kitchen for
something to drink.   I came back  with drinks for  the girls and  while
they rested I fingered and licked their slick cunts and assholes raising
their lust once more.  Donna wanted  my cock up her asshole and  she and
Sue sucked my cock up after which Peggy helped her sister mount my prick
guiding my cock up Donna's hot  asshole as she licked her sisters  pussy
and finger fucked Donna as she  rode my prick.  Peggy's pussy was  in my
face so  I licked  and sucked  her sweet  slit while  Sue tongue  fucked
Peggy's anus and I  finger fucked Sue's cunt  with my free hand.   Donna
climaxed while she was  driving my stiff rod  deep into her asshole  and
Peggy was sucking her stiff clit having buried three fingers up  Donna's
hot slippery slit.  Peggy  climaxed on my face  and Sue came on  my hand
nearly stuffing  my whole  hand up  her swollen  cunt during her orgasm.
Peggy and Donna  wanted to see  me fuck Sue  up her asshole  before they
left so I positioned Sue on her back and pulled her legs up opening  her
hot now very  slippery asshole.  Peggy  guided my cock  up Sue's asshole
while Donna held Sue's firm ass cheeks open.  I drove my cock balls deep
on my first thrust and brought a moan of pleasure to Sue's lips.   Peggy
and Donna began to suck Sue's firm tits as Sue reached up between  their
legs and fingered their pussies.  After quite a while of pumping my cock
deep into Sue's tight  hot asshole Sue began  to climax and I  came with
her filling her asshole with my sperm as she brought Donna and Peggy off
thrusting her fingers deep into the young girls hot cunts.  We rested  a
while  and  I  got  out  my  camera  and took some pictures of the girls
sucking and licking each other and reaming each other's cunts with their
fingers and tongues.  As the hour  was getting late Donna and Peggy  had
to leave  so Sue  and I  took the  into the  shower and washed their cum
soaked bodies licking  the each to  a final climax  and watched as  they
left to go home.  Peggy had made  me promise to fuck her again soon  and
the thought of my cock going up her tight wet cunt and hot asshole while
I massaged her small firm tits and pulled on her stiff pink nipples made
my balls tingle despite the number of times I had cum that evening.  Sue
and I  went to  bed and  had a  nice slow  fuck together  and before  we
drifted off to sleep in each others arms I managed to get hard enough to
fuck Sue up the ass and shoot a load up her tight pink butt.  I wondered
if I would be able to  get enough rest before friday.  My  cock twitched
as I thought  of the hot  times I might  enjoy with Jane  and her sister
Mary and Mary's daughter Kim, on Friday night.

--
