                             Dream Team part 5

                           By Tinker, March 1995


You know how sometimes you get the feeling that the world has turned upside
down and that your brain just cannot cope with the new situation, or
something like that? What happened in the first five minutes of Tuesday's
training caused such a feeling, not only with me, but with Diana and Ann as
well.

When we three arrived at the locker room, the girls for the training and I
just for fun, there was still no sign of any of the other girls. Diana
unlocked the door and we entered the place. Diana started to rummage in her
papers to find some lost form that she should have sent in a month ago, Ann
changed into her cheerleader uniform and spent way too much time on her
hair, and I just hung around doing nothing except fantasise about what we
would dream up to play this afternoon.

Then the door slammed open, and Janice stormed in. She was dressed in jeans
and a jeans jacket, like usual, and threw her sports bag against the wall.
Even while not arrived at her place yet, she started to take off her jacket
and her shirt at the same time and tried to kick off one shoe while already
unzipping her jeans. Ann and Diana frowned and asked Janice what was going
on. There was no need to hurry, she was still ten minutes early! Janice
mumbled something unclear and finally got rid of her shoe. Suddenly she
squirmed and pushed both her hands in her crotch, moaning for a second.
Then she continued taking off her clothes, while opening her bag and taking
out her uniform.

During her change, Janice had to stop at least three more times to hold
herself firmly and Diana calmly asked her if it would not be a good idea to
visit the toilet instead of squirming and moaning all over the place, or
worse. As an answer, Janice just squirmed another time and hissed through
her teeth: "No way. Not after all these preparations I made." Ann shrugged
to Diana: "Leave her. If she cannot plan, it's her own problem." Diana
shook her head, smiled to me, and went back inside her little room. Janice
now was trying to put on her little skirt, which required her to stoop down
a little and pull up one knee at the time. She could barely hold it,
apparently, because she had to try three times, firmly pressing her thighs
together in between. Finally her skirt was in place and her sweater posed
no big problems. I expected her to dash outside now, but no. Bewildered
Janice took out her boots and almost panicked when she discovered that
these required even more gymnastics to put on. "Oh no! And I *want* to wear
my whole uniform before I do it! It would be such a waste!"

I offered some help, with Ann smiling in the background. Janice gladly
accepted, and with her thighs clenched together she lifted one foot off the
ground so that I could shove the boot onto it. I quickly pulled up the
zipper and then took the other boot to repeat the action. At last Janice
was dressed, and carefully she started towards the door, taking very small
steps and still holding herself. I gallantly opened the door for her, but
standing in the door Janice turned around and re-entered the locker room.
With a tiny childish voice, she whispered: "Oh no, I've still got my normal
panties on. I want my blue uniform panties. They feel much nicer. Please?"
And then she squirmed like never before. "Ooooh!"

Ann now sighed and decided to put an end to this show. "Janice, go out and
wet yourself, dammit. What difference does it make through which panties
you pee? They feel all the same: warm and wet. We don't mind having one
cheerleader in the team with white panties instead of blue. After we've
pissed them, we all look ridiculous. Out!" But no. Janice just shook her
head and clawed at her skirt: "Please, Ann?" And then a tear appeared on
her left cheek. Ann let her head fall forward, shook it again, and stood
up. "Alright alright, I'll put them on for you. Do you want to take off
your normal panties?" Janice nodded and crossed her thighs. "That'll be a
problem. You *have* to release your thighs." After some seconds, Janice
indeed managed to do this and Ann quickly slid her panties down her legs.
Janice lifted first her left and then her right boot, and then had to
squirm again. Ann took out Janice's blue cheerleader panties, let Janice
step into them, and then pulled them up. They disappeared under Janice's
skirt and Ann neatly arranged them around Janice's hips. "Alright silly
girl. You're completely dressed now. Feel better?" Janice nodded and a
slight smile appeared on her face. "Thanks, Ann. I can do the rest myself."
With even smaller steps, she shuffled to the door and made it out into the
open. Ann and I followed her to see what she had in mind.

With her hands still pressed in her crotch, Janice shuffled to the outside
wall of the locker room and carefully leaned against it with her back. She
took a few seconds to recuperate, and then slowly lifted her right boot off
the ground, placing its sole flatly against the wall and sliding it upward
until its heel was about at the same height as her knee. Ann mumbled: "Oh
God, she wants to play the seductive wall flower." Janice now had found her
position and balance, and again took some time to stabilise her bladder.
Then she slowly moved her hands out of her crotch, with her face showing
off great concentration, pulled her sweater down to enhance her breasts,
and then carefully placed her hands behind her neck. Finally, she was where
she wanted to be. All the trouble and pain had not been for nothing. She
had managed to get into her uniform just in time. A minute later and she
would have had to use the toilet. Imagine the embarrassment! But she had
made it, and now she could relax.

And so she did.

The transfiguration Janice underwent was remarkable. The sun popped out
from behind a cloud, and she beamed like midsummer, her discomfort melting
in a moment. She leaned back on the wall, her right leg pulled up, totally
at ease with herself. Ann and I cocked our heads, waiting curiously. Janice
just smiled at us. "You know, when I finally let myself go, I usually don't
have to go any more."

Ann nodded. "I know. Same with me. You do a lot of things to prepare
yourself, and then when you think you are ready and want to start, it just
won't come." She looked at me now. "I still remember my first times, on
purpose I mean. I stood fully primed in my uniform with my legs already
apart, I had been working towards it for hours, and then when I finally
wanted to start, I couldn't! I just couldn't! I waited for ages, it seemed,
and felt quite foolish, posing that way as if I was already wetting myself
but not actually being able to do so." I agreed: "Yes, I know the feeling.
For me, with my hydraulics, it is even harder to start at times. But I
suppose you succeeded eventually?"

Ann looked at Janice who now had bent her head backward and leaned with it
against the wall as well, enjoying the sun, and still just standing there,
motionless. "Of course I succeeded. I realised it wasn't working, so I
pulled my legs back together and started walking back inside my parents'
house. I had told them I wanted to do some exercises in their garden. Just
before I reached the back door I felt something happening under my skirt. I
had no time to dash back into the garden, so I grabbed the door knob and
with the door half opened, went into my act of "Oh dear me! Just too late!"
You know, looking down to your legs, feeling your panties go wet,
squirming, and then squatting to salvage a vestige of self-esteem. I just
put my arms around my knees and let it happen in all its naughty glory. It
was absolutely wonderful. Especially since my mother caught me sitting on
their terrace with my new cheerleader uniform on, wetting my panties like a
child, and not a little bit, I tell you. I finished, stood up, excused
myself for the accident, and went inside. You should have seen her face!"

Janice now made faint noises. It sounded like humming. She fully gave
herself over to the choices her body made for her, or so it seemed. Still
no waterfall between her thighs. She closed her eyes and sighed. Barely
audible, she mumbled to us: "I think this is it. Mmmm. Yes, seems so.
Lovely... hmmmm." I heard Ann holding her breath. Janice continued, softly
mumbling for herself: "I am still dry... I know I am... I can just walk
away... but... but... I will need my skirt... I will need it very soon!
Real soon! Here go my panties! Here they go... ahhhh.... hmmmmm... no, just
false alarm..." Ann quickly inhaled and pinched my hand. Janice went on:
"Again... there it comes again... and... oh! OOH! Here it is! Yes! YES!
YES! It's happening! I do it! I'm getting wet! Ahhhh... Jeeze... that feels
good... it's soooo nice... oohhhh..."

Ann and I now indeed saw a trickle starting to fall down between her legs.
Soon the trickle became a stream, and then the stream suddenly felt itself
attracted to Janice's left leg so it disappeared completely from view.
Janice tensed her left calf muscles to seal off the opening of her boot,
and proceeded to wet her panties under her skirt. At this moment, Maureen
and Jane appeared, and took in the scene. It was a double take. At first
they did not notice what Janice was actually doing, but the way Ann and I
breathlessly looked at this naughty cheerleader soon gave her away and
Maureen cheered in approval. "Yes! That's the way to start a touch training
session! Way to go, girl! Just relax and let it all go! I think I'll join
you in a moment." Maureen looked down to her black leggings, deciding that
they were a bit too good to ruin quite so early in the day. So with a last,
longing look at Janice, she scurried to the locker room.

Jane was in a quandary. Although she was at least as interested in getting
herself wet panties as anyone else around, she felt it her duty to
constantly improve the standards and explore new areas of fun. What Janice
was demonstrating here certainly was fun, and Jane couldn't wait to rush
inside, replace her tight faded jeans with her skirt, and rush back to go
for broke. She had done so many, many times and she was absolutely sure
that this afternoon she would wet herself at least two or three times. But
wasn't she the girl who had started the whole operation in the first place,
months ago, by simply trying what it would be? By standing with her legs
ridiculously far apart and carefully leaking a drop or two in her uniform
panties? It now seemed more like child's play, but then, it had been a feat
of great audacity.

This was what bothered Jane. *Everybody* was wetting herself (or himself!)
these days. Maureen would shortly come out, wearing her full uniform, and
she would just walk up to Janice, stroke her skirt, part her legs a bit,
and wet herself. Like she had done so many times before. Under her tiny
cheerleader skirt her blue panties would change colour, she would start to
leak between her legs, but nothing would show. She would feel a great
satisfaction, and she would surely start to press harder to really wet
herself, which would cause more water between her legs, but not more wet
panties. Jane blinked. Eureka! Wetting your uniform panties was great, but
of course it was nothing compared to the real thing. And nobody had ever
tried the real thing. Nobody. Except herself. Now.

Jane dropped her sports bag and approached Janice, who still enjoyed the
sun and the sea. A big dark puddle had spread around her boot, and Jane was
astonished by the sheer volume of water. Without saying a word, Jane leaned
against the wall next to Janice and mirrored her pose. Ann curiously looked
at Jane and eyed her all over. Shocked, she let go of my hand and pointed
at her: "No! Don't tell me that you are going to... IN YOUR JEANS?" Jane
just smiled and pushed her breasts forward. I was a bit shocked as well,
knowing that Jane never took spare clothes with her: all she had was her
pair of jeans and her cheerleader skirt. And Jane was not the type of girl
that would appear in any skirt at all outside official cheerleading events.
So she must be aware of the consequences of this stunt. At that moment,
Maureen came outside, expecting to get herself a nice wet spot between her
legs and looking forward to our attention. Eyes wide open, she saw Jane
casually leaning against the wall, closing her eyes and relaxing. Even
Janice now curiously looked aside and discovered the missing bare legs and
short skirt. She gasped and covered her mouth in disbelief.

Jane was still plucking up enough courage to start when Alice, Melissa, and
Cindy arrived. Cindy wore her tight leather micro skirt and white blouse,
which were her favourite garments since she had discovered the virtues of
aquatic freedom. Alice and Melissa wore light pants. All three stopped dead
in their tracks when they noticed the scene around Jane, and soon they
understood. Alice and Melissa looked at each other, giggled, and then
bolted for the door to get changed. Jane saw them leave to swap their pants
for skirts. There was no sense for adventure any more. Still not completely
at ease with the situation, she reconsidered her options. Wetting her jeans
certainly was new and exciting, but was it worth the problem of getting
home undetected afterwards? Suddenly Jane became aware of someone standing
in front of her, and she looked up.

There was Cindy, her eyes bright from delight, wearing her normal street
clothes just like herself. Without saying a word, Cindy parted her pumps
and peed through her panties. No giggle, no wink, no gesture; just a push
and there it was. Under her leather skirt her pee washed into her
indubitably lovely white cotton panties, and immediately gushed onto the
stones. Cindy just looked at Jane and kept wetting herself, as if she
wanted to challenge Jane to outdo her. Jane, who had always secretly
considered herself the most daring of the club, and Cindy the least, felt
quite challenged indeed. Who the hell did this girl think she was? Just
pissing her *panties*? Under a *leather* skirt? Child's play! Even less
than wetting her cheerleader uniform, and that was nothing special any
more.

Jane's decision was now made, and she started to push. Cindy had already
retreated a little to face her. Jane took a deep breath and imagined that
she wore her tiny cheerleader skirt. That helped a lot. Before she realised
what she was doing, she felt the familiar warmth in her crotch that she had
come to appreciate so much. She closed her eyes and reached for the hem of
her loose skirt, but found some tight fabric instead that extended down and
down and down... with a shock, Jane realised that her imagination had gone
too far. Hell, she was wetting her jeans now! It really did feel different.
It reminded her of her only other experience, when she had wet her jeans in
a rain storm a few months ago. But then she was already soaked. Now she had
been completely dry. It made a difference, it really did. She liked it. But
still, she could keep her secret to herself. It would not yet show.

Cindy's challenge to Jane had amazed me. Until then, Cindy had often been
the last girl of the team wetting her uniform, and unlike other girls had
never publicly wet her street clothes. However, the way she performed her
act was so fluent and natural that she must have done it before, and more
than once. She just walked up to Jane and showed off. Even Ann, not the
least experienced girl around, showed her admiration. It was a leather
skirt, alright, no fabric that could stain, but still Cindy just pissed
straight into her clothes with no preparation at all. And it surely pissed
Jane off!

Cindy casually continued towards the door, rightfully convinced that Jane
could not back out now. She left a trail of small drops on the ground. The
rest of us all focused on Jane: in particular, on the crotch of her tight
blue jeans. Jane sighed and her hand went down her leg, as if she wanted to
put her hand in her pocket but missed it. We saw that she suddenly looked
down as if in alarm, and that she bit her lip. And then the inside of her
left leg changed colour. A dark stain rapidly ran down her thigh.
Apparently she had decided that wetting just one leg was not the way to do
it and she quickly clamped her right leg onto her left, leaving that
familiar space between. But parting your legs is no use with pants. No
matter what Jane did, her pee did not leave her legs and fall straight down
from her crotch. Her hands still sought the loose, soft fabric of her
skirt, that had served her so well in all those previous adventures. But
the only fabric she encountered now was tight denim, that would thirstily
soak up everything that she passed through her panties and display it for
all the world to see.

Finally Jane gave up and found a pose that would do her jeans justice. She
pulled her legs together and stooped a bit down. We all now saw the dark
patch developing in both her pants' legs, and soon the multiple layers of
her crotch soaked through as well. Some drops fell down from the back of
her ass, and the dark patches extended to her ankles. It was amazing how
much fluid the pair of jeans could absorb. Given that Jane must have been
peeing pretty hard, the difference between the puddle beneath her and
around Janice's left boot was impressive.

It also seemed that this new type of fun did considerably more to Jane as
the traditional wetting had done to Janice. Jane started to pant and to
blush, and we could see that she moved her hips slightly back and forward,
pressing hard with her hands in her crotch; another thing she couldn't do
with a skirt. Her jeans still became wetter and wetter, and once in a
while, a moan escaped her throat. Jane was not just wetting her pants any
more. She was slowly building up a great orgasm!

Janice left her pose and put her arm around Jane's shoulders to encourage
her. "It's okay, Jane. Go on. Let it come. You've earned it." Jane now
started to breath heavily, and stiffened up. Her moans increased, both in
tempo and in loudness. She grabbed herself between her legs and helped
herself over the top. A few seconds later, Jane climaxed, and the tensing
of her muscles caused a lot of excess pee to be squeezed out of her tight
jeans. Maureen and Janice looked at each other and nodded their approval.
Ann quietly took my hand. She could not stand to see Jane having so much
pleasure any more and dashed away, pulling me with her.

Safely away from Jane's distracting performances, Ann pushed me on a bench
and sat down next to me, arranging her cheerleader skirt neatly around her
thighs and crossing her legs. "Hey, that went pretty far, don't you think?"
"Well, no, not really," I replied. "I saw Diana do weirder things already,
and the look of a girl coming by wetting herself is quite common over here.
I once saw you going off in much the same way, you know." Ann looked at her
knees. "I know. But I mean, it keeps exciting me to see and do all this. No
training is the same. I never thought being a cheerleader would be such a
varied job. You learn things you never even had dreamt about!" We both
grinned at our private job description of a cheerleader.

Ann moved closer, uncrossing her legs. It reminded me of how Diana once had
more or less seduced me, and some kind of alarm went off. "Hold it, Ann. I
don't know what you are up to, but please remember that I am sort of bound
to Diana." Ann blushed and looked away. "Sorry. I let myself go. But it is
so damned difficult to find someone like you. I still have to meet the
second boy who likes me to get wet, you know. They are after me by the
dozens, ever since I have been part of the cheerleader team, but every time
I date someone, they only seem to be on the hunt for my pussy. And that's
it." I understood what she meant. "Yes, Ann, I can see that's sad. But
don't you think you could stay one step ahead of them, by staging an
accident or such?" Ann shrugged. "Maybe. Who knows. It just takes so damned
much courage to wet myself in my street clothes, I would rather date boys
in my uniform! But that's not all. Listen, this is going to be personal. I
mean PERSONAL." Ann now looked quite sincere and I nodded.

"Errm... how do you and Diana actually get along? I mean, you undoubtedly
have some wet fun, I see you both drive off in Diana's car, you wet each
other pretty well at times, so... but afterwards, in her apartment... does
she keep on her uniform? And for how long?" Ann hesitated a second. "I
mean, do you two DO it?" I smiled and looked up in the air. What to do if a
beautiful cheerleader sits next to you on a bench and asks you if you make
love to your girlfriend, who happens to be an even more beautiful
cheerleader in the same team? Well, being honest never had hurt me, so I
decided to play fair. I looked her in the eyes. "Ann, believe me. Diana and
me have been playing a lot together, and we slept together many nights, but
we never had sex. I don't know why, and I don't want to know, really. It
just never happened. We get off so often during our wet play that after the
shower, the only thing we can still think of is to sleep in each other's
arms."

Ann was astounded. "No sex? Never? How do you two keep together? Are you
both afraid of something?" I shrugged. "I don't know. To be honest, I just
*never* did it before, so I still am a virgin. And something inside me
keeps telling me that Diana is a virgin as well. It seems that we can get
along so well exactly because we both share this secret, or such. We piss
ourselves silly, but never came to the showdown. Maybe we both are afraid
of it; afraid of not giving the other what he or she expects. I don't
know."

Now Ann was silent for a moment. "I see. You both keep postponing it
because you think it may be less wonderful than you believe. You have found
great fun in wetting, and you get your sexual release out of that, and you
probably cuddle a lot, but actually sharing your bodies is too scary... am
I right?" I nodded again. "You probably are. But we are both happy this
way, and I think neither of us is going to change it soon." Ann smiled and
moved closer to me again. "Don't be afraid; I'm not going to rape you. I
just want to try out something so that I can use it with my date tonight.
But you know, I *want* to end up in my bed, to have this wonderful guy take
the plunge between my legs, to have him exploding inside me, to feel him
clinging to my sweaty body and cry out my name. Only I want to get wet
panties first. I have had plenty of sex, and plenty of wet panties, but not
yet both at the same time. And I aim to change that."

That said, she straightened her back, put her knees tightly together and
pulled her skirt away under her ass. "Imagine that we are outside, sitting
on a bench close to my place, we both know that we want each other, and we
just wait for the right moment to get up and run for the door. Trust me, it
has happened this way many times for me. Only tonight I won't be wearing my
long evening dress. I will wear my cheerleader skirt, and my cheerleader
panties. And I will have a full bladder. Like now." Ann reached over to me,
took my hand, and put it in her lap. I put my other arm around her
shoulders and pulled her against me. Ann sighed and began to fondle my cock
through my jeans. "Honey, I need to pee," she whispered in my ear. I did
not react and started working my hand up her tiny skirt. Nice simulation
was this. Ann insisted: "I really need to pee, hon. Now. May I go to the
bathroom for a minute?" I hummed disapprovingly, having found her smooth,
tight panties. "No? Shall I stay here with you?" I hummed again. "Yes? Stay
where I am?" Yes. Just stay where we are. Your panties are great. "But then
my little panties will get wet, hon." She took my hand from under her skirt
and put it right on her breast, and then turned a bit away from me so that
I could hold both her breasts through her sweater. I felt her breathing
tempo increase as she whispered "They will get wet. But you won't mind it,
will you? Please, hold me firmly." I held her firmly.

While I looked curiously over her shoulder, Ann opened her knees and moved
her hips a bit forward. "This won't take long. When I'm finished, we go
inside, okay?" Clever girl. Who could resist such an offer? Ann now leaned
back on me and started to relax. I looked down to her slim legs
disappearing under her little skirt, and wanted to look at her panties. But
that would be untrue, I realised. I played wanting to fuck her as soon as
possible, and letting her empty herself now would only speed up the
process. Those wasted panties would be the first I would rip off her. Ann
now was ready and I could feel the familiar trembling I knew so well from
Diana. I now held the girl whose clothes I had borrowed to experience my
first shared wet adventure in. And even better, she wore those exact same
clothes now, with the exact same intention!

"Hurry up honey, I want you," I mumbled. Ann giggled. "Shut up. I'm busy."
She spread her knees even further and put her hands on top of her thighs.
Anyone passing by would have looked right at her pale blue panties. Then I
heard a soft hissing, and I knew Ann was wetting herself. It all happened
absolutely without any sign, except for the sound of a tiny stream dropping
trough the rough wooden bench. Ann quivered and panted and moaned like
never before, and I fondled her breasts a bit. Nice friends I had. Using me
to practice a trick they wanted to pull on their boyfriends. But it was
alright with me.

After Ann had sufficiently practised, she rose from the bench and arranged
her clothes. A short inspection of her panties revealed not too much
damage, mostly in the lower crotch area. Not enough to be of any problem.
Ann thanked me and announced that she would wear exactly these clothes
tonight, with a different sweater. I was sure it would make the head of her
boyfriend run wild, and that he would gladly accept her little request for
release. I was almost sorry that I was not him. But then Ann pranced
towards the door of the locker room where Diana had appeared in her
flashing red uniform, and this goddess immediately blew any competition to
nowhere-land. Ann was just wonderful. Diana was divine.

The rest of the training was boring. After all, the girls really needed to
work hard and all that wonderful wet play was incidental. So I skipped it
and went my way around the campus to return to the training field at about
half past five, when the training would be over. I met Melissa and Cindy on
my way to the building, so the girls had already showered and changed. I
wondered if Cindy was still wet under her mini. She walked like she was.
When I arrived at the building, I just saw Diana and Ann leaving and
locking the door. Ann still wore her little skirt, which she just hiked up
to arrange her pale blue uniform panties for the last time before she went
public. The stain in her crotch had faded, but not disappeared completely.
She touched the patch and clearly revelled in the thought of what would
happen that evening, so I wished her success. She winked back at me and
then, surprisingly, also at Diana. Next thing Ann disappeared down the path
towards the dorms, and Diana and I headed for her car. "You have had wet
fun?" I asked Diana, while looking at her full-length skirt. She smiled.
"Nope. After Jane's stunt, I decided to clamp down on the girls quite hard
because I cannot allow them to turn the training into a circus. And so I
had to refrain from playing myself as well. Jane by the way chose to go
home in her white cheerleader skirt. I wonder what the boys will think of
her. What a change!"

Arriving at her apartment, I went into the kitchen to prepare the evening
meal while Diana sorted her things out in the bathroom. While I chopped the
onions and preheated the oven, I secretly hoped that Diana would reappear
in her cheerleader uniform, because it really showed off her features best.
When she brought in the potatoes, I smiled and gazed her over from top to
toe. Yes, this was what I meant. With her red top, red skirt, red panties,
red boots even, Diana would easily divert the cameras from a Space Shuttle
launch. She softly kissed me on my cheek and brushed her long hair against
my face, and with my free hand I pulled her against me at her waist. She
was everything I'd ever dreamt of, and sometimes even more. We finished the
cooking, and as always when we were together, we dined with candlelight and
wine.

I made a nice pot of tea while Diana shoved the dishes in a corner for
tomorrow. The wine had made us both a bit more funny than usual, and Diana
made a giggling little dance in the kitchen, which almost caused an
improbable accident involving a flying teapot and an open window. Despite
her efforts, I brought the pot safely to her sofa. She cuddled up next to
me and gladly accepted the mug of warm chamomile tea. We talked of this and
that, until without really trying we had drained the pot.

Like always, Diana was the first to announce that it was about time. She
looked at me with those irresistible eyes of hers and asked me what I would
like. Would she do the traditional cheerleader's pose that I so much liked
to see her do? With me squatting in front of her and looking up her little
skirt? I embraced her tightly and kissed her on her mouth, which stopped
her from talking about poses for a moment. Eventually she broke our cuddle
and asked again. Should we both step into the shower and let it come in
delightful freedom? I shook my head. "No Diana, tonight I want to try
something different. Jane's stunt sparked some interest in me this
afternoon. Do you mind me going first?" "Of course not, darling. Whatever
you want. Shall I take off your trousers?"

She did not wait but started to pull at my zipper. I stopped her soft hand
and shook my head again. "I said I wanted to try something different. Would
you like to see me wetting my pants?" Diana blushed. "You mean... just like
this? Not only your underwear? Like Jane? Of course I would like to see it!
Yes! Please!" I got up and opened the doors to her balcony. I would be
visible against the light of her room, but for all the people outside I
would only be a dark outline. I turned my back to the railing, casually
leaned against it, and smiled at Diana in the door. She looked terrific. A
bit shy, she joined me at the balcony, knowing that her silhouette would be
much more revealing than mine. But she would not miss this. Carefully she
squatted in front of me and put her hand flatly against my crotch. I felt
her trembling. Or was it me?

Despite my arousal, I felt I could still pee, and I decided to be quick.
With Diana looking up at me expectantly, I didn't need much prompting. Who
could deny such a goddess anything? But this was the first time Diana
actually played the receiving part; I now was on top of circumstances, and
she was just a beautiful cheerleader in a wonderful but dry uniform. She
was the one that could walk out, I would be the one with spoiled clothes.
This was a completely new sensation to both of us, and it was driving us
almost over the edge already.

I closed my eyes and concentrated. Quickly I approached the point of no
return and unlocked my knees, which caused me to stoop down a little. This
pose seemed very appropriate, I thought. Diana sighed and put her other
hand against my ass from behind. Soon after, a thrilling spasm of pure joy
gulfed into my underwear. Not hampered by any artificial barrier, it
splattered wetly against my tummy, soaked the front of my briefs, and then
was quickly followed by more jets of warm delight. I gasped and widened my
thighs. Diana started panting a bit, and moved her hands over my crotch and
ass, desperately looking for my wet treasure. When she finally found it, in
the seam of my right leg, she giggled and to my astonishment kissed the
front of my jeans. But soon I could not pay attention to her any more,
since my whole crotch area and everything below filled up with warm liquid
and I experienced what Jane must have felt that afternoon. Only better.
This was the first time that being a male really pleased me. My water came
to many more places than Jane's, and she did not have a stunning girlfriend
rubbing it into her as well. I did. I just let go completely, and gave her
all I had. Diana almost buried her face into my crotch, feeling my warmth
spreading with her cheek, and did not stop roving with her hands all over
my lower body, down to my knees, up again, to the front, the back, between
my legs... she came everywhere my pee came, and I had to hold the railing
of her balcony very firmly to keep my balance.

I stopped peeing just short of being empty. When she started her familiar
rubbing motion against my crotch, intended to bring me to orgasm in short
time, I signed her to stop and leave me as I was. A little reluctantly she
let go and stroked the outside of my legs with both hands. I saw her knees
moving apart and knew that very soon her wonderful red panties that peeked
at me from under her skirt would start to glisten between her legs. But for
some reason, I did not want to see them going wet today. Diana took her
hands off me and put them on her knees, well underway to get herself wet
underwear. Judged by the look in her eyes, she had already released herself
and was waiting for the first wave to arrive. I had to be quick again.

I squatted as well and took Diana by her elbows. Surprised, she looked up
and tried to stop her upcoming flood. While she clenched her thighs, I
pulled her up until she stood upright again, still looking surprised. With
her arms hanging down her sides, Diana let me straighten out her top,
arrange her skirt, and even reach up it to pull her still unstained panties
tightly around her ass. Then I took the waist band of her skirt and pulled
it slightly higher, so that it just barely covered her panties. She still
had her thighs firmly together, and her boots as well. I took one step
back. Diana gazed to my obviously wet crotch and moaned. While her eyes
turned into hazy pools of pleasure, she completed what she had begun a few
moments earlier. Hidden under her simple skirt, her panties fought their
uphill battle against the elements and took their first direct hit. Diana
quivered. The second attack washed away the main defences of her panties,
and after that, wave after wave after wave of liquid gold flushed through
her underwear.

Diana could not help it. She had to move. Her boots inched apart and her
hands crept towards her sides. She ended up in exactly the traditional pose
I had denied her the first time she asked me. But this time, I did not peek
at her panties at all. I left them for her alone. And that was something
that she understood perfectly. When I stepped to her and moved my hand up
her thigh towards her magical red button, Diana slowly shook her head and
pushed my hand away, just like I had done when she tried to help me. We
both kissed each other briefly and then looked out over the dark area
behind the balcony's railing. Diana still wasn't finished under her skirt,
and I was happy I could join her again. Funny how my peeing did not make
any sound, while hers was clearly audible. But it quickly faded, and Diana
sighed when the last drop left her panties. Whoever out there had been
looking at us, he or she would not have understood what we had been doing.
Diana stroked my hair and went inside.

I stayed at the balcony for a moment and looked at my watch. It was half
past ten. My mind drifted over to Ann, somewhere out there, playing games
with her latest conquest. She would be sitting with her knees apart now, I
thought. Her pee wetly splattered down between her slick legs, and her
boyfriend impatiently waited for the hissing in her panties to stop. It
took forever, but finally, Ann rose to her feet and slid with her hands
down her skirt. Her boyfriend wondered how it would feel, wetting yourself
like that, just by weeing in your panties under such a fantastic skirt. But
he kept his mouth shut. Ann turned to him, her face glowing from
excitement, and winked. Who could reject such a beautiful girl in a
challenging outfit like hers? Yes, he would come! In a hurry they made it
for the door, and his hands were up her skirt even before it fell into the
lock again. I sighed. Ann maybe was right. Maybe, just maybe, Diana and I
had overlooked something.

When I went inside, Diana had cleaned up herself a bit and was sitting on
the sofa, sipping from a mug of tea, winking at me while I walked to the
bathroom. I stripped down my wet trousers, and dropped them into the shower
stall. My shirt had taken quite a lot of pee, so that followed, and my
socks as well. I had only my briefs left, as stained as they were, when I
entered the living room again. Diana pulled the piece of plastic she was
sitting on a bit more to the left and I joined her. We shared the mug of
tea and cuddled a bit. The tea had grown cold. Then, Diana put the mug on
the table and kissed me. She started to stroke my cock again through my wet
briefs, which was much easier as finding it through my trousers. Soon the
thing was quite hard again, and a bit to my embarrassment, its head
appeared above the waist band of my briefs. Diana giggled. She pulled my
briefs a bit more down and freed my cock completely.

I swallowed. We had showered in the nude together, but this way of handling
my cock was new, both to me and to her. A strange tension started to build
in me, something I had never felt before, not even in my wildest fantasies.
Diana looked in my eyes, kissed me, and then moved over so that she sat on
my lap with her knees left and right of me. I embraced her. Yes, now she
could brush her wet, soft panties against my cock and make me come. Diana
moved closer and I could feel her panties touching my skin. They were wet
alright, but not soft. In fact, they did not feel like panties at all. With
a shock, I realised that Diana was not wearing any panties under her skirt.
She was nude. I felt my cock stiffen even more when it felt the presence of
something complementary so close to it. Thousands of thoughts tumbled
through my mind while Diana slowly pushed herself up on my thighs. No! We
couldn't! It would be... eh... what? Wrong? Sort of. I didn't know. The
only thing I knew was that I had the most wonderful girl of the world on my
lap, the girl that I loved beyond belief, and that I would do everything
for. Everything? Yes. Everything.

Diana had put her hands around my neck and kissed me softly. "I know what
you think, darling." she said. "I think the same. But we have to try it
once, don't you think? It will be scary. It will hurt. It might not work
out at all. But we won't stop being best friends, will we?" I shook my
head. "No, Diana, we won't stop being best friends. Never." And then I
clutched her as firmly as I could and put my face in her hair.

We both felt scary and very uncertain. I could feel Diana tremble in my
arms, and I quivered like a cat outside in the rain myself as well. Oh, how
many times had I fantasised about this moment... how had I longed for it...
how had I imagined every touch, every stroke, every gasp, every cry... I
knew it couldn't be that different from what I had read and seen and felt
before, but actually doing it... To my delight Diana seemed to think along
the same lines, as she whispered: "I rehearsed this many times, you know.
But I cannot keep it to myself any more. I want to share it with you. I
really want to share myself with you." A tear rolled down my left cheek.

Diana sighed and pushed herself up further. I felt my cock sliding down her
belly and suddenly coming free of her body. Then, Diana reached down
between my legs and took my shaft carefully between her thumb and index
finger. She whispered: "I have no idea what it is like. I'll just point you
to where you must go. From there on, we have to find our way together." And
then, she put the head of my cock against some warm, wet spot somewhere
between her legs. Slowly, very slowly, she lowered herself, and I felt the
warm spot opening up. It seemed to go left and right, and leave just enough
space for my cock to pass. Diana gasped and clung to me as I entered her.
She went on forever. A warm, tight, wet, slippery kind of tube engulfed my
cock, and the impulses this sent up my nerve system were unbelievable.
Diana must feel the same, I thought, only reversed: a warm, hard, wet,
slippery kind of rod slowly working its way inside her. She still went on.
I had never known that my cock could be so long. It went in and in and
in... and every millimetre of the way home, I enjoyed immensely with an
intensity that outdid everything else until then.

Finally, after three centuries and a decade, Diana sat firmly down on my
crotch and heavily leaned against me. I felt her shoulders shake a bit, and
just let her adapt to this foreign object deep inside her. It most probably
hurt her, maybe even a lot, and trying to speed it up would make it worse
for her, I thought. She sobbed. I brushed her hair and tried to relax so
that my cock would shrink and relieve her. That she went through all this
was enough for me to realise how much she loved me, and how much I loved
her. We just embraced and waited.

It took some time, but Diana managed to cope with her situation and lent
back a bit to look me in my eyes. "And?" she asked. I kissed her and said
nothing. She understood it perfectly. Slowly, very slowly, she pushed
herself up, and I felt my cock sliding out of her. If possible, this felt
even better than entering her. I panted and grasped her shoulders. Diana
paused for a moment, then started down again, and pressed herself over me
with all her power. She cried now, and I patted her on her shoulders, very
sorry for her, but unable to do anything about it. Another pause. Then she
repeated her movement, and gradually, her crying changed in tone. After the
fifth or sixth push down, I recognised to my relief her familiar sound of
pleasure. Soon, Diana had had the worst and started to enjoy the
experience. From here on, we had rehearsed a lot in our fantasies.

While she kept on rocking slowly on my lap, I let my hands slide over her
back down to her ass, and stroke her cheeks through her skirt. Then I went
under her skirt to explore the soft but firm hills up there, for the first
time without those slick, often slippery panties of hers. Diana now really
moaned and I could not keep myself from producing some sound either. Her
hands started down my back as well, and found my cheeks, first through my
briefs, which were wet all over, but then she slipped her hands inside and
started to caress my ass. Her tempo increased steadily, and I started to
move in her rhythm as well, only exactly the other way around. Funny how
easy this was. It all happened as if we had been doing this for years. In a
sense, we had. I tried to stay relaxed, but it became difficult now, and my
cock stiffened up again. Relax. Stay cool. Enjoy it, don't spoil it for her
already. I managed, with some difficulties.

Suddenly Diana pushed herself aside, and went down flat on her back on the
sofa. She pulled me with her, and then flipped her legs and mine onto the
sofa as well. With me still in her, she firmly grabbed my ass and pulled me
into her as deep as she could. Her beautiful legs slid apart and she pulled
up both her knees a bit, tilting her hips to give me more room. I almost
couldn't believe it. Here I was, together with my girlfriend, she dressed
in her complete cheerleader uniform except for her panties, and she offered
me everything I had dreamt of. She even began to rock again, encouraging me
to follow. This time, I couldn't resist the urges sweeping through my body.
Quickly I found the rhythm of life, and soon we both were pumping away like
we had been doing this forever. With every bumping of our bodies, she cried
out harder, and I felt her muscles contract around me. It gave a wonderful
new impulse to my own nerves, and with redoubled energy, I started to
fondle her breasts heavily through her sweater.

Her eyes widened, and I felt her stiffen up under me. Her muscles now held
me like a fist, and in a spasm of prehistoric reflexes, Diana clutched her
legs around me as if she would never let me go again. Through the thin
fabric of her sweater, my fingers found her nipples, and I lightly pinched
them between my thumbs and index fingers. She now was as ready as she would
ever be, and I knew she would inevitably pull me with her. Seconds later,
Diana exploded in the most terrific orgasm that I had ever seen or felt.
She shuddered, moaned, clutched my body, yelled, spasmed, and even cried
out my name. It was too much for me. While I buried my face in her hair,
and grasped her shoulders as tightly as I could, one final stroke into her
caused my dam to burst, and everything I had wished for in the last twenty-
odd years fought its way out in one giant explosion. I cried. I just cried.

We both did.




                               - o - o - o -
