David was fully bound.  Lying on the solid wooden kitchen table his hands 
secured with leather straps to D-rings on the the table legs at one end,
his legs hoisted high over his shoulders similarly secured.  This, of
course , left his balls cock and arse hole completely exposed and vulnerable.
He was naked except for a gag, ensuring silence.

The three women walked slowly around David, admiring the view and commenting.
Occasionally, one of them would contemptuously flick the head of his
cock with a finger, saying "Call *that* a cock?", or some such 
remark , and laughing.

Helen. A tall blonde, long straight hair, twenty seven years of age.  Large
breasts and a smooth well contoured figure.  Pale slightly freckled skin.
She was wearing a soft leather body suit with openings for her breasts and
cut away completely around the crotch leaving her cunt and bum fully exposed.
Three golden rings pierced her labia.

Anne.  The youngest at nineteen.  Red flaming hair but cut very short.
Cropped.  She was completely naked.  Small very pert breasts, shaven pussy.

Pauline. Forty years old but looking rather younger.  Fairly heavily
built and muscular.  Long curly brown hair with streaks of grey, tied in
a pony tail. Heavy, large breasts with huge dark nipples. She wore nothing 
but a strap on dildo, twelve inches long and jet black.

"So, young man," Pauline intoned, "I think you are ready for us"

The other women laughed lightly.  

Helen had squeezed a good sized glob of KY onto her palm and was now 
lubricating Pauline's dildo by wanking at it.

"It's very considerate of me to have this lubricated you slut-boy.  But,
as this is your first time... anyway I hope you are grateful"

Pauline mounted the table and the other two women gathered close to
watch.  Positioning herself between David's raised legs she guided
the tip of the dildo to his shit hole.  She pushed firmly.  Soon the
reluctant hole began to gape a little and admitted the tip.  Then a 
thge first inch, then more, until David's arse hole was stretched wide
and was holding a good seven inches of the rubber tool.  Now Pauline started
thrusting in and out. Both Helen and Anne were playing around the rim of
David' full hole with their fingers.

"Look! look!", shouted Helen, "the dirty little boy!"

Davis was grunting and whimpering against his gag.

Helen had spotted streaks of shit sqeezing out round the edge of the dildo.
She used her fingers to smear it down the insides of David's thighs.

"That reminds me" said Anne, mounting the table at David's head end.
She crouched over his chest facing Pauline who was still pumping away.
She leaned forward, her hands and knees either side of David's torso.
Her head down bewtween his thighs watching the monster dildo sliding
in and out.  Her bum hole was in David's full view and helen moved round
so she could see too.

"I really need a wee wee, David... so I hope you are ready for this" 
said Anne, and released a hot gushing stream of piss.  Helen held Anne's 
cunt lips well apart and used her fingers to direct the stream over
David's chest and face. The yellow rain sprayed and splashed off david onto
the table and floor.  Soon the flow slowed to a dribble, but extra squeezes 
from  Anne caused unexpected gushes to take David by surprise.

"And now..what I really got up here for!"

Pauline, realising what Anne was about to do so withdrew the shit stained
dildo, climbed off the table and moved round to the other end of the table.
She removed his gag.

David was about to scream abuse, but Pauline slapped his face "Shut up
slut-boy.  Now, you are going to suck this baby clean... yes you are"

Pauline thrust the  dildo into David's reluctant mouth, thrusting as
she had done in his shit hole.  "Tasty eh, you little shit licker?"
But her attention was on Anne, who was now grunting and straining. 

Helen squealed with delight. "Oh Anne yes!  Your lovely bum hole is really 
bulging with each push!  I saw it!  Your poo! It's coming... keep pushing"
Helen put her hands either side of Anne's hole, pulling the cheeks further 
apart.   Helen licked around Anne's anus as the turd appeared.

By now the turd was well on it's way out.  When about four inches were 
protruding it broke off and plopped onto David's chest.  Helen immediately
started to rub and massage the shit into David's torso while Anne continued
to squeeze out more.

"Oh Anne, " said Helen chatily, "keep it coming.  This reminds me of
when we both pooed in the shower at that motel!"

With a huge extra hard push Anne now expelled  a huge load which just seemed
to go on and on, curling down onto David's chest.

"Lovely stuff!!" shouted Pauline and Helen simultaneously, employing
a catch phrase the three women often used to compliment each other.

Anne now sat down on the poor man's chest and helped smear her load with
her buttocks...

"Look!", shouted Anne, noticing some activity between David's legs, 
"I think our slave boy is getting stiff at last!"

Pauline immediately withdrew the shitty didlo from David's mouth and
moved round to take a look...
