Copyright © 1997, (Double Secret Author),  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




"Daughter's Fun"

Written by: (Double Secret Author)


	David McLean sat down on the bench just outside the swimming pool 
fence and waited for his daughter to come out of the girls' changing hut. His 
wife had run off with a Bible salesman and left him to raise their eleven year 
old daughter Tina alone. They had moved to town only a week ago, and this 
was their first time at the municipal pool. Their new house had a hot tub, but 
in this hot weather Tina had asked him if she could go swimming, and David 
had agreed.  

	Tina emerged from the changing hut talking to another girl, who 
seemed about her age. Both of them had short dark straight hair,  and wore 
one piece bathing suits - Tina's was a light green, and the other girl's a pale 
blue. David barely had time to register this similarity when both girls jumped 
into the pool together and began splashing around. After awhile they 
climbed out and got in the lineup for the slide, which was about ten feet from 
where David was sitting. Tina beckoned her father over and when he leaned 
on the fence, told him her new friend was Mandy Phillips. Mandy and David 
both said Hello to the other and David resumed his seat and watched Mandy 
and Tina as they waited for their turn at the slide. 

	David couldn't help but notice the way both girls' wet bathing suits 
had moulded themselves to their slim bodies. He hadn't  really realized that 
Tina had started to grow little tits until he saw them poking up from her 
slender chest like small rounded cones. Mandy's tits were about the same 
size - maybe a little bigger, and both girls' nipples were hard and poking out 
through the thin wet cloth.  Mandy's suit hugged her body so tightly that it 
showed off the curve of her ass cheeks and sank into the crack of her bum. 
Then she turned around and faced him as she said something to Tina. David 
saw that the bulge of the young girl's pubic mound was obvious through the 
thin material - and that the cloth had sunk into the vertical crack of her cunny 
slit, outlining her private parts clearly. 

	He had never thought of preadolescent girls in a sexy way before, but 
now his cock started to harden as he looked at young Mandy. Her vulva was 
so clearly outlined that it was obvious she had no hair on it, and he glanced 
at his own daughter almost by accident to compare her. He caught his 
breath as he saw that Tina's bathing suit too was plastered to her body, 
showing her cunny mound and crack just as clearly as her friend's, and her 
cunny was also obviously hairless. His cock got even harder as he stared at 
first one, then the other as they reached the slide and slid into the water. 
David was confused. He knew it was wrong to think of children in a sexy 
way, but the two girls had such nice little tittie bumps and cunnies. And he 
liked looking at his daughter specially! He wanted a closer view, and 
wondered if he could go closer without it seeming suspicious. Then he 
remembered he had brought the camcorder, which had a twelve times 
zoom, and picked it up as the girls swam toward the ladder. This would be 
even better because he could look at the pictures later on, all he wanted to. 
They saw him with the camera and waved to him as he filmed them climbing 
out of the water and getting into line again. He used the zoom to take 
closeups of both girls' small tits, bums and cunny bulges as they waited 
again for their turn. The zoom was so good that each girl's cunny mound and 
slit filled the entire picture, and he knew it would look good on his big TV set 
at home. 

	After awhile the girls came over to the fence again And Tina asked 
him if she could bring Mandy home to show her their hot tub. "Mandy has a 
swimming pool, Daddy, and she's asked us over - but she wants to see our 
hot tub first because she's never seen one. Can we, Daddy, please? David 
smiled at his young daughter and her new friend as they jumped up and 
down in impatience, making their small titties bounce and jiggle. He had had 
to adjust his stiff cock so that it wasn't so obvious, but even so he thought he 
saw Mandy looking at his pants in a funny way. He wondered if she could 
tell he had an erection, or if she even knew what an erection was. He 
wondered how much Tina knew about boys and men. When he agreed they 
ran off and changed, then found him in the parking lot. 

	When they got to their place the two girls ran inside with David 
following. As he approached the hot tub room, which was off his den, he 
heard Mandy asking Tina if they could try it out. He stopped and listened to 
the girls' conversation.

	"Sure," said Tina, "We'll just put our bathing suits back on and go in. 
My Daddy won't mind." "I hate putting on a wet bathing suit," said Mandy, 
"Can't we go in barenaked?" Tina giggled. "What if my Daddy came in?" she 
asked, "He'd see our ... you know!" Mandy laughed. "I bet it wouldn't bother 
him," she replied, "I go swimming barenaked with my Daddy and my brother 
all the time - it's so much nicer than wearing a bathing suit. Besides, your 
Daddy might go in the tub with us. Do you ever see him with no clothes on?" 
"Sometimes, when he's getting dressed," replied Tina.  "Is his thing always 
dangly?" asked Mandy, "Does it ever get hard and stick out in front of him?" 
"I don't think so," said Tina, sounding puzzled, "Why would it do that?" 
Mandy laughed again and  continued, "Tell you what. How about we go in in 
our underpants. Maybe your Daddy would like to, too. If he wears his 
underpants we can tell if it gets hard. Just copy what I do and you'll see what 
I mean. I do this with my Daddy and my brother all the time. It's fun!"

	David thought quickly. Mandy knew about men getting erections, and 
it sounded like she fooled around with her father and brother. Was it 
possible? He would just play it by ear and let the little girl take the initiative. 
As he entered the hot tub room Tina asked him, "Our bathing suits are all 
wet, Daddy, and they feel all icky when we put them on. Can we go in in our 
underpants?" Her father smiled down at her, "Sure honey, that's a good 
idea. I'll join you. I think I'll wear my underwear too if that's all right." 
The girls looked at one another and Tina giggled and nodded.  David turned his 
back and quickly removed his shirt and trousers, hiding his erection as he 
slipped into the hot tub and leaned back against the side. "Ah, that feels 
good," he sighed, "come on in." 

	He  watched as Mandy pulled her T shirt off over her head and 
revealed her small titty mounds. Tina giggled again and took off her T shirt 
as well. David looked at the young girls' developing breasts as they pushed 
their skirts down. Mandy's underpants seemed to get caught in her skirt and 
he caught a glimpse of her hairless cunny mound before she giggled and 
pulled them up again as she kicked her skirt off. She had pulled her 
underpants up so tight that her cunny mound bulged out against the thin 
white material, forcing it into the vertical slit between her cunny lips. David 
watched the girls approach the tub and told them how pretty they were. 
Mandy struck a pose and said, "I want to be a model when I grow up." 
"You're modeling your underwear very nicely now, both of you," said David. 
Mandy looked down at herself. "How about we pretend we're models and 
you can take pictures of us like on Fashion TV." she suggested. Tina giggled 
and nodded so her father reached behind him and picked up the camcorder 
and filmed them as they paraded back and forth, making sure he got good 
closeups of their immature breasts, and their cunny mounds half-hidden 
under their thin underpants. Tina felt funny. It seemed strange to let her 
father look at her wearing just a thin pair of underpants, but at the same time 
it was exciting because she could tell he wanted to look at her that way. She 
felt a little tingle in between her legs, like she did at night when she was 
lying in bed.

	Then they got into the tub and relaxed with David in the warm flowing 
water for awhile. Mandy said she was going to get her hair wet and ducked 
her head under the water. David saw her looking in the direction of his cock, 
which was making a tent in his underwear. Then Mandy whispered in Tina's 
ear and both girls put their heads under the water. David leaned back a little 
and stretched his hips forward to give them a better look. When they 
surfaced Tina looked at Mandy and giggled, and David pretended not to 
notice. After a while Mandy said, "I have to use the bathroom - I think the 
warm water makes me have to ... "  "Pee?" suggested David, smiling, as the 
two girls giggled. "Tina will show you where the bathroom is." The girls 
climbed out of the hot tub and David saw that their thin underpants had 
become transparent when they got wet. As they went out the door he saw 
their pink round bums so clearly it was as if they were naked, and when they 
returned and approached the tub he couldn't help staring at them. Their 
hairless pubic mounds showed through their underpants, the pink flesh of 
their cunny lips  either side of the wide dark line of their cracks.  

	"Hey," said Mandy, "We were modeling our underwear before - we 
should show what it looks like when it gets wet, how about that?" Tina 
giggled shyly and agreed, and the girls strutted back and forth as before 
while the horny man filmed the two eleven year olds revealing their bodies 
through their wet underwear. "Those underpants don't hide much," he said, 
and Mandy looked down and giggled. "No, they don't, do they," she agreed, 
"You can see right through them! They're kind of icky when they're wet, Mr. 
McLean," she added, "Do we have to wear them? Can we take them off?" 
"Sure, I guess so," said David, and the girl added, "Now we can practice 
being nude models like in Playboy." He continued to film them as  Mandy 
pulled down her underpants and stood naked in front of him.  Tina looked at 
her new friend and then at her father. She could see he was staring at the 
little girl's naked private parts. Tina knew she looked just like that too, and  
the little girl didn't know why, but she wanted her Daddy to look at her like 
that. She felt the tingly feeling in between her legs again, stronger this time. 
She grasped the wet material and pulled her underpants down to the middle 
of her thighs and stood naked in front of her father. The tingly feeling came 
stronger as she watched him looking at her special private place, and she 
pulled her underpants down the rest of the way.

		The girls giggled as he filmed their naked bodies, panning in 
closeup down past their budding titties to their hairless pubic mounds. 
Mandy looked at David  videoing them and said, "I think your Daddy likes to 
look at girls all bare naked, don't you, Mr. McLean?"  David nodded. "Sure," 
he replied. "My Daddy does too," said Mandy, "And I like to show him my 
crack because it makes his thing get all big and hard. Is your thing big and 
hard, Mr. McLean?" she asked. "Couldn't you tell when you were putting 
your heads under the water, looking at it?" asked David teasingly, and both 
girls giggled. "Well, yes, it looked like it," said Mandy, "But I didn't get a 
very good look at it." 

	"Would you like to?" asked David, and when she nodded he asked 
Tina, "How about you, honey? Would you like to see your Daddy with no 
clothes on?" Tina nodded shyly, and he climbed out of the tub and stood in 
front of the two naked eleven year olds, his erection poking out his 
underwear into a tent. Tina giggled and looked at Mandy, who said, "Do you 
want me to pull your Daddy's underpants down, or will I?" Tina just stared at 
her father's crotch, so Mandy tugged the wet underpants down and off the 
adult, releasing his cock which bounced out and poked stiffly toward her. 
Tina looked at it wide-eyed. "Gosh, it's so big!" she exclaimed, "It's not 
little and dangly any more!" "It's a nice big one," agreed Mandy, "Just like my 
Daddy's. My brother Billy's isn't as big, but he's only twelve and my Daddy 
says it'll get bigger." Tina felt funny in between her legs again. The little girl 
was confused by what was happening, and didn't know what to do next.

	Then Mandy called her father and asked him if it was OK if she 
brought Tina and David over to their house so they could swim in the pool.  
He told her that it was fine and said that he and Mandy's brother Billy and a 
friend of Billy's were all in swimming. They got dressed for the drive over and 
both girls left their underwear off because it was all wet.

	When they got to Mandy's house Mandy led them through the house 
out to the deck by the pool.   A man was lying on a chaise lounge, sunning 
himself in a brief pair of bathing trunks. Mandy ran up to her father  and gave 
him a big kiss. She introduced David and Tina and told her father, "We went 
in their Hot Tub, Daddy, it was really neat. And Tina's Daddy has a 
camcorder just like yours, Daddy, and he took a video of us being models. 
We wore our underpants because our bathing suits were all wet and icky, 
and then after we were in the hot tub our underpants were all icky as well so 
we took them off. Tina's Daddy's underpants were all icky too, so he took 
them off too. We brought the camcorder, so we can show you the video later, 
Daddy."  While Mandy spoke, it seemed to Tina that something was moving 
inside Mandy's father's bathing suit, but the little girl wasn't sure. 

	Hank Phillips looked at David and winked, as he sat down on a 
vacant chaise beside Hank, then asked his daughter, "Are you wearing any 
underpants now?" he asked, and Mandy and Tina looked at each other and 
giggled.  "Shall I show you, Daddy?" asked Mandy. "Wait a minute," said her 
father. "How about taking a video," he suggested to David, "It can follow on 
from the ones you took earlier." David nodded and began filming as Mandy 
lifted her skirt to her waist and exposed her naked private parts. "See, 
Daddy, no underpants!" she said with a giggle, turning to show them all. 
David took a closeup of the hairless cunny the young girl was displaying to 
them. 

	"What about you, Tina?" Hank asked the other little girl as he looked 
at his daughter's vulva, "Do you have any underpants on?" Tina was shy, 
and hung her head. "No," she whispered, digging a toe into the grass. "Has 
anybody ever seen you with no underpants on?" "Just my Daddy and 
Mandy, at our place," replied the little girl, looking at the lump in her father’s 
bathing suit out of the corner of her eye. "What do you call the place in 
between your legs?" asked Hank. "My trickle," whispered Tina softly. "Do you 
have any hair on your trickle, Tina?" he asked her. The child shook her 
head. "Is your trickle just like Mandy's, with a nice big slit in between these 
bulgy places?" he asked, stroking a finger up and down the gap between his 
daughter's hairless cunny lips. Tina looked at what he was doing to his 
daughter and nodded. 

	"You liked showing your Daddy your trickle, didn't you?" Hank 
continued, and Tina looked up at him and nodded. "Why did you like letting 
your Daddy look at your trickle?" he asked. Tina dug her toe into the ground 
again and shrugged, "It made my trickle feel all funny," she replied, glancing 
at him and noticing a lump in his bathing suit like the one in her father's.  
Tina nodded. "Would you like to show us under your skirt? Can we see your 
trickle?" asked Hank, and Tina nodded slowly. "Just lift your skirt up, honey, 
and show us your trickle. Your Daddy will take a nice video of you showing 
us your little trickle." David kept filming as the child grasped the hem of her 
skirt and slowly lifted it to the waist, revealing her hairless cunny to her father 
and the others.  "That's a very pretty trickle," said Hank, "Does your trickle 
feel funny now?"  Tina nodded. "Does it ever feel funny when you're all by 
yourself?" asked the man. Tina nodded again. 

	"What do you do when you're all by yourself and your trickle feels 
funny?" he asked her gently. "I touch it," whispered the pretty child. "Where 
do you touch your trickle?" asked Hank, "Can you show us where?" Tina 
nodded shyly and looked down at herself. She held her skirt up around her 
waist with one hand and touched her other forefinger into the very top of her 
pink slit. "Here," she said softly, "I touch it here." David took a closeup of 
his daughter's fingertip  stuck inside her cunny slit.

	The little girl left her finger in her slit and Hank continued, "Does 
it feel nice when you touch your trickle there?"  Tina nodded and he asked, 
"What do you think about when you touch your trickle and make it feel nice?" 
Tina shrugged again. "Sometimes I think about kissing my Daddy," she replied. 
"Did you ever see your Daddy with no clothes on?" asked Hank.  Tina 
looked at her father,  and nodded. "What does he have where you have your 
trickle?" asked Hank. "I always thought he had a little dangly worm thing 
there," replied Tina, "But today when he got out of the hot tub and Mandy 
pulled his underpants down it was all big and hard, and it poked out in front 
of him." 

	"Did you like looking at your Daddy's thing today when it was all big 
and hard?" asked Hank. Tina nodded and he continued, "Why was that?" "It 
made me feel all tingly in my trickle but I don't know why," replied the girl 
and Hank asked her, "Would you like to see your Daddy's thing again?"  "Yes," 
said Tina softly. "You want to have that nice tingly feeling in your trickle 
again, don't you," asked Hank, and Tina looked at him and nodded. David 
looked at his little daughter and gave the camcorder to Hank, who filmed the 
little girl watching as her father slipped his bathing suit off, letting his 
erection poke up in the air. "There," said Hank, "Now you can look at your 
Daddy's big hard thing all you like. What would you like to do while you look 
at it?" "I want to touch my trickle," whispered Tina. "That's a good idea, 
honey," replied Hank, "You touch your little trickle all you want to while you 
look at your Daddy's big hard thing." 

	The eleven year old slipped her finger a little farther into her cunny 
slit and touched her clitoris. She shivered a little at the feeling and pressed
her forefinger harder on it while the others watched. "That's a nice place to 
touch yourself, isn't it," asked Hank gently. Tina nodded and rubbed her finger 
up and down on her clitoris while she stared at her father's erect penis. The 
little girl was confused by what was happening. She often lay in bed at night 
and masturbated, but she had never done it with anyone watching, and never 
when she was standing up. Her legs felt weak and trembled and buckled a 
little and her knees separated as she rubbed her clitoris faster. "Your trickle 
feels really good when you rub it there, doesn't it," asked Hank, and when 
the little girl nodded he continued, "It'll be more comfortable if you sit down 
on your Daddy's long chair. Then you can look at his big hard thing closer 
up while you touch your trickle. Besides, you won't have to hold your skirt up. 
Why don't you just take it off?" Tina slipped her skirt off and stood naked 
below the waist. 

	"That's better," said Hank, "Maybe you like to play with your titties, 
too, do you?" Tina nodded and he continued, "Might as well take your T shirt 
off then so you can do that as well." The child pulled her T shirt off and was 
completely naked. "You have nice titties," observed Hank, "When did they 
start to grow?" "About three months ago,"  replied the eleven year old. "Do 
they feel nice when you touch them and play with them?" he asked and the 
girl nodded. Her father made room for her at the foot of his chaise lounge by 
placing a foot on either side of it and sitting up slightly, opening his crotch 
and letting his erection lean out more from his body. Tina sat down on the 
edge of the chaise. "When you touch your trickle when you're by yourself, do 
you keep your legs together or spread them apart?" asked Hank. "I spread 
them part," replied Tina. "Why is that?" asked the adult. "Because then I can 
touch myself all over in between my legs better, instead of just this place at 
the top," she replied. 

	"Now, if you sit facing your Daddy, tailor fashion, your legs will be 
all spread  open just like when you're by yourself, and you can rub your little 
trickle all you want to while you look at his big hard thing," suggested Hank, 
"Besides, your little trickle crack will be nice and wide open and your Daddy 
can see all the parts inside your crack. You want him to look at you there, 
don't you." Tina nodded and he continued, "You can feel yourself in between 
your legs much better. You can even touch yourself in between your legs 
with both hands if you want to. I bet you like to do that  if you're not 
playing with your titties, don't you?" Tina nodded and sat down with her legs 
crossed, tailor fashion. This opened up her crotch and spread the lips of her 
small hairless cunny apart. Hank handed the camera back to David, and 
leaned over next to Tina's father and both men stared at the little girl's naked 
vulva. David used the zoom lens to close in on the child's cunny. "Oh, that's 
a lovely little trickle," said Hank, "I can see the little hole the pee comes 
out. Can you see it? Can you touch it?" Tina nodded and looked down at her 
open crotch. She gently touched the small urethra, which twitched a little. 
David saw through the viewfinder the small hole opening and closing as his 
daughter touched it. 

	"Do you like touching yourself there?" asked Hank. When the girl 
nodded he said, "It looks like there's a place a little farther down where a 
hole goes up inside you. Can you see it?" Tina nodded and looked down at 
herself. "I can't see it very well," she replied. "When you were by yourself, 
did you ever hold a mirror there and look at yourself in between your legs, at 
the part you can't see?" Tina nodded shyly. "Yes," she said softly, and Hank 
said, "You like to put your fingers inside yourself down there, don't you." 
Tina nodded again. "How did you know?" she asked. Hank smiled. "All little girls 
like to play with the places in between their legs," he replied, "Because it 
makes them feel nice. Mandy does it, too, don't you honey?" His daughter 
nodded. She had slipped off her T shirt and skirt and was standing naked 
beside her father, her finger in her slit, watching what Tina was doing. "What 
do you call the hole up inside you that  you like to put your fingers in?" Hank 
asked Tina. "My trickle hole," replied the little girl. "You can put your finger 
in your trickle hole if you want to," he said. Tina slipped a fingertip inside 
her tight cunny hole while she rubbed her clitty between two fingers of her 
other hand. The little girl loved playing with her private parts, and it was 
especially nice to be able to look at her Daddy's big hard thing poking out 
towards her while she touched herself between her legs.

	Mandy moved closer to her father. "You can touch me all over if you 
want to, Daddy. I like it when you put your finger inside my place," she 
offered. Hank stroked his daughter's slim leg and ran his hand up to touch 
her small titties. The others watched as he explored her slender body. "You 
like it when I play with your titties, don't you, honey," he asked his daughter. 
Mandy nodded, "It makes me feel all funny in between my legs," she said. 
"You mean down here," said Hank, running one extended finger lightly over 
the girl's hairless cunny bulge. "Oooh, yes!" she said, looking down at 
herself, "Play with it, Daddy, touch it for me!"  He laughed and said, "What, 
you mean this funny little place with the nice warm slit in it? The slit goes 
all the way down in between your legs and I can't feel it very well. I wonder 
what it's for?" Mandy giggled again and lifted her leg up on her father's chair 
and spread her thick hairless lips apart to show her father the deep pink 
area between them. "Feel it now, Daddy," she said, "I bet you'll find a nice 
hole in there, just like Tina's got." "You're right," said Hank, gently slipping 
his finger up inside his daughter, "I've got my finger up inside you, haven't 
I?" "Ooo, yes," replied Mandy, "Look, everybody! My Daddy has his finger in 
my hole!" She turned so they could see her father's finger inserted in his 
daughter's vagina and David could get it clearly on the video in closeup.

	"Would you like your Daddy to touch you in between your legs, Tina?" 
asked Hank. The young girl nodded shyly. "But my trickle hole is only little," 
she said softly, "I don't think it's as big as Mandy's is, and my Daddy wouldn't 
be able to put his finger in it like you put your finger in Mandy's."  Hank 
laughed, "Oh, trickle holes are sometimes bigger than they seem," he said, 
"They stretch when you put things in them, don't they, Mandy." Mandy 
giggled and nodded. "Tell you what," continued Hank, "How about if the two 
of you girls lie down beside each other on the big towel there and your 
Daddy and I will look at you both all over in between your legs and see who 
has the bigger trickle hole." "Sure," chirped Mandy, and lay down on the 
towel, "Come on, Tina! Let's show our Daddies our trickles!" She spread her 
legs wide to each side and said, "Look how wide I can spread my legs, 
Daddy! Now you can see all over in between my legs!"  

	Tina lay down beside her and copied what the other girl was doing. 
Hank and David looked at their two daughters displaying their splayed-open 
private parts to them. David knelt in front of each in turn and took a long 
closeup of the eleven year olds with their legs spread wide apart and their 
cunnies open. Mandy turned to Tina and giggled, "Your Daddy likes taking 
pictures of our trickles, doesn't he! Let's see how wide open we can make 
our holes go!" She placed her hands on either side of her vulva and looking 
down at herself she said, "Look, Tina! See, when I do this my trickle hole 
opens even wider, look!" She pulled her hands apart and spread the 
opening of her vagina into a circle nearly an inch across. Tina looked, and 
copied what Mandy had done. Her cunny hole was much smaller than 
Mandy's, not more than half an inch across. 

	"Take a good picture of our trickle holes," said Mandy, "and then later 
on we can look at the video and see whose is bigger." David filmed the little 
girls holding their cunnies open, then did a closeup of each one in turn, 
holding the camcorder so he could see right up inside their vaginas. "Tell 
you what," suggested Hank, "How about if I show the camera how I can put 
my finger in your trickle hole and then if I put my other hand next to Tina's 
hole it'll show if it's the same size, or smaller." "That's a good idea, Daddy," 
said Mandy, thrusting her hips up a little, "Put your finger in my hole! I like it 
when you do!" Hank knelt next to the two girls' crotches and slipped his 
middle finger up his daughter's vagina. "That's nice, Daddy," sighed Mandy, 
shifting her hips around, "Make your finger wiggle around in my hole. Oooh, 
that's nice! My trickle feels all funny - I'm going to touch it," and the child 
began masturbating, rubbing two fingers alongside her clitoris while her 
father stroked his finger in and out of her cunny. 

	 "Would you like me to touch you too, Tina?" asked Hank as he slid 
his finger in and out of his daughter's vagina."Yes," said Tina softly, looking 
down at herself. "You like playing with your titties, don't you," he asked. The 
girl nodded and he continued, "Have you ever let anyone touch your titties 
and play with them like you like to do?"  Tina looked down at her small titty 
bumps and shook her head. "How about if I start out by just touching your 
titties a little, then,  and you can see if you like it." Tina nodded. "Oh!" she 
said as the man touched her right breast and felt her puffy nipple. "Does that 
feel like it does when you touch your titties yourself?" he asked her. "Yes, a 
little," she replied, adding, "It feels nice." "My Daddy likes feeling little girls" 
titties," giggled Mandy, "He plays with mine all the time, don't you Daddy." 
"That's right," smiled Hank, "In fact these little titties are so nice they deserve 
to be felt with two hands," and he pulled his finger out of his daughter's 
cunny and began fondling Tina's small breasts with both hands. The little girl 
writhed and twisted at the tingles that he produced when he played with her 
nipples. 

	"You like it when someone plays with your titties, don't you?" he 
asked her, and she looked up at him and nodded. Hank smiled and  said, 
"Your trickle feels all funny now, doesn't it, Tina." She nodded and he asked 
the child, "Shall I touch you in other places now?"  Tina nodded and he 
looked at the little girl. "You tell me where to touch you," he said, "And I'll 
touch you there. Will you tell me what you want me to do?" "Touch my  
tummy," she said, and Hank ran his big hands down and rubbed  the child's 
flat belly gently. "That feels nice," she said, and looked up at him.  

	"Can I touch your titties like my Daddy did?" asked Mandy, and when 
Tina nodded Mandy reached over to her friend's chest and fondled her small 
breasts. "It feels nice, doesn't it?" she asked the other girl, still masturbating 
with her other hand.  Tina nodded and closed her legs. She lay demurely 
like an innocent young thing, her cunny slit closed between the fat and puffy 
hairless cunny lips, and looked up at Hank, who was kneeling between the 
two girls, and asked him, "Will you touch my leg and feel it up higher when I 
tell you to?" "Sure, smiled Hank, running a  finger along the young girl's 
ankle. "Shall I start here?" Tina nodded and said, "Higher up. Touch my 
knee." He slid his finger up the girl's slender leg and ran it lightly over her  
knee. Keeping her legs pressed together she said, "Now go slowly up my 
thigh - that's it." As he moved his hand slowly up her thigh she relaxed a little 
and sighed, "Now touch me on my trickle place." 

	Hank slipped his hand up to the child's cunny mound and ran an 
extended finger over the bulge of one hairless cunny lip, then the other. Tina 
sighed again and he asked, "Does it feel nice when I touch you there?" 
"Yes," said Tina, "Do it some more. Touch me on my trickle crack." Hank ran 
a finger lightly up and down the eleven year old's hairless cunny slit as she 
looked down at herself. She relaxed some more and said, "Now  keep 
touching my trickle while I open my legs so you can feel me all over in 
between my legs." She looked up at the man as she spread her legs and 
opened the crack between them, exposing all her inner parts to the adult. 
"Touch me all over," she whispered, "Touch my pee hole and tickle it. Touch 
my trickle hole too." David kept filming as his young daughter encouraged 
the stranger to fondle her immature sex organs. 

	Tina looked up at her father, and then at Hank and then down at his 
crotch. "I want you to take your bathing suit off," she whispered softly. "Do 
you want to look at my thing like your Daddy has?" he asked her. Tina 
nodded and Hank slid his bathing suit down and let his erection pop out and 
jerk upright.  The little girl looked up at the adult's erect penis and said, "It's 
all funny, like it has a purple helmet on its head. And this funny baggy thing 
hanging down from it with two round things inside it." "You've never looked 
at the thing a man had up close before, have you," said Hank. Tina shook 
her head. "No, I only saw my Daddy's for a few minutes over at our place 
and then here after he took his bathing suit off." 

	She stared up at the man's genitals. "Can I touch it?" she asked softly. 
"Sure," said Hank, moving closer so she could reach it better while he 
continued to fondle the girl's cunny. She touched the head with a fingertip 
and Hank's cock jerked up and down. Tina giggled, "Why did it do that?" 
Hank smiled down at her. "It liked when you touched it, and that's its way of 
saying Hello." Tina giggled, "Hello, Mr. Thing, You're all nice and velvety on 
your big helmet." She touched the smooth skin of the shaft and said, "Oh, 
that's funny - it's all soft on the outside but hard on the inside. "That's so it'll 
stay nice and straight and long," said Hank as the little girl touched his erect 
penis. She touched  the loose scrotum lightly and watched his testicles 
twitch and climb inside it, then relax. "Are they saying Hello too?" she asked. 
"They're saying "We like it when you play with us," he replied. "See if you can 
get your hand around it," suggested Mandy, who was masturbating gently 
while she watched her friend examine her father's sex organs. Tina took 
hold of the adult's penis, wrapping one hand around it tentatively. "It's all 
warm," she exclaimed, "I can feel it throbbing inside my hand. I can almost 
get my hand all the way around it." Can you put both hands on it at the same 
time?" asked Hank, and the little girl tried what he suggested. "Yes, I can!" 
she said, "It feels all funny. Does Mandy ever do this with you?" "Sure," said 
Hank, "We like to play with each other, don't we honey." 

	Tina suddenly looked up at him. "Can you go in between my legs?" 
she asked, and when he was there she said in a soft whisper, "Can you 
make it touch my trickle?"  Hank and David exchanged glances, and Hank 
asked, "Sure honey, I can touch your trickle with my thing. Why do you want 
me to?"  "I don't know," replied the child, "I just want you to touch your thing 
on my trickle. My trickle feels all funny!" "How about if you hold onto my thing 
and touch your trickle where you want?" he suggested. Tina nodded and 
took hold of the man's erect penis again. He leaned forward as she guided it 
so that it touched her on her clitoris, then moved it down her cunny slit so 
that it was at the entrance to her cunny hole. She paused with it there for a 
moment, then moved it back up, keeping it in contact with her cunny while 
she moved it. "What does that feel like?" asked Hank. "It feels really nice," 
replied the little girl, "It makes my trickle feel just lovely. Can I do it some 
more?"

	"Sure you can,"  replied Hank, "You just keep rubbing the end of my 
thing up and down on your little trickle all you want. I think After a little while 
I'll have Mr.  Hard Thing put some nice cream on your trickle to help you feel 
nice. Would you like that?" "I guess so," replied Tina, puzzled. "What sort of 
cream?" Mandy giggled. "My Daddy's baggy  thing makes nice thick slippery 
creamy stuff, and it comes squirting out the hole in the end of his thing." 
"Wow," said Tina, "I never knew that! Is it like hand cream?" "Sort of," said 
Mandy, "Because it'll make your trickle all slippery like hand cream. But it 
tastes good too, just like regular cream." "Wow!" said Tina again, her eyes 
wide. "It really is special!"

	Mandy knelt beside Tina and began fondling her small titties with both 
hands. "I'll feel your titties while you rub my Daddy's thing up and down your 
trickle crack," she offered. Tina nodded as she began moving the head of the 
adult's penis up and down her splayed-open slit, holding it with both hands 
and making it rub against all her sex parts in turn. She swiveled her hips up 
and down to meet the movements of Hank's big cock on her slit, her 
movements coming faster as she masturbated herself with the man's 
erection. "Oh, that feels good!" she muttered, "That's so good!" Hank reached 
over and fondled his daughter's young titties while she played with Tina's.  
Tina moved his cock and her hips back and forth, up and down, faster and 
faster. "I think you'd better make that special cream come out now," she said 
jerkily, "My trickle is all hot!" "Just keep rubbing my thing on your slit and I’ll 
make it come out soon, Tina," he said in a strained voice, "In fact, here it 
comes now!" 

	Tina was rubbing the man's cock up and down against her clitoris 
when she suddenly felt a gush of something warm squirt onto it. She was 
surprised, but at the same time the feeling was so good that the little girl 
reached a powerful orgasm right then. "Unh, unh, unh!" she cried, jerking the 
man's squirting penis back and forth on her clitty while warm cum cream 
poured out onto her sensitive little bud and slid down her cunny slit. Mandy 
kept feeling the young girl's tits while she watched her father's cock squirting 
cum on the young girl's hairless slit. When the spouts of cum had slowed to 
a dribble, Tina's hips  stopped jerking and she relaxed with a sigh. "Wow, 
that was lovely," she said, letting go of Hank's cock. Hank held it and rubbed 
the  head up and down the little girl's slit, stirring the streams and piles of 
semen around with the big purple knob. "Mmmm," said Tina, "That feels nice 
too. Do it some more!" 

	She looked down at herself. "I can't see the cream very well," she 
complained. Mandy got a little on her finger and showed her, "There, see it?" 
She held it close to the other girl's face so she could see it. "It's kind of funny 
looking," said Tina, wondering, "It's all stringy. It sure is nice and slippery, 
though," she added. "And good!" Mandy added, slipping the fingertip coated 
with her father's semen into her mouth and sucking the load of cum off it. 
"Does it really taste good?" asked Tina. "Try some," replied Mandy, and Tina 
reached down to her crotch and got a glob of the adult's cum on her fingers. 
She poked her tongue out and touched it tentatively to the blob of sticky 
white stuff and tasted it. "It does taste good," she exclaimed, and slurped the 
rest off her fingers. She picked up some more that had spurted onto her flat 
tummy and ate the blobs. 

	"I can't find any more," she complained, "It's all over my trickle. "I think 
some went into your trickle hole," said Mandy, moving between the other 
girl's legs and looking at her crotch, "Shall I see if I can get it out?" "I'll get it,” 
said Tina, and slipped her finger into her small cunny hole to find the semen 
that had drooled into it. Eventually she said, "Well, I guess that's all there is, I 
can't find any more." "Can I see if I can get some?" Mandy asked. "How?" 
asked Tina, looking up at the girl. "Like this," said Mandy, leaning forward 
and taking a long lick at Tina's clitoris. "WAAA!" exclaimed Tina, jerking her 
head up, "What are you DOING?"  

	Mandy looked up from the other girl's crotch and licked her lips, 
"Getting the cream," she replied.  Tina asked, "Was that you licking me? 
Licking my trickle?" "It sure was," said Mandy with a grin, "I bet you liked it, 
too, didn't you?" "I loved it," said Tina. "Want me to do it some more?" smiled 
Mandy. "Yeah!" said Tina, thrusting her hips up a little toward the other girl's 
mouth. "I never thought my trickle could feel so good so many times! But 
doesn't my trickle taste funny?" "You mean like pee?" giggled Mandy, "No, 
not at all. My Daddy licks my trickle all the time and he loves the taste. And I 
love it when he does it because it makes me feel just like you felt just now!" 
"Gosh," said Tina, marveling, "I didn't know you could lick somebody's 
trickle! Do it some more!"

	She looked at Hank, who had now taken the camcorder from David, 
and glanced at his cock. "Oh look," she said, "Your thing is getting all little! 
Why is it doing that?" "It wants to rest for a little while before it's ready to be 
played with again," replied Hank. "But Daddy's is still nice and big and hard," 
observed Tina. "Do you have cream in your thing too, Daddy?" she asked. 
David nodded. He wasn't quite sure what to do with his young daughter. Up 
to now she had been a shy, retiring little girl. Now she was getting a taste of 
how her body could feel, and seemed to want to learn more. He decided to 
let the others take the lead and see what happened.

	"What else do you and your Daddy do?" asked Tina, rubbing her clitty 
lightly. The child was feeling funny between her legs again, and she loved 
the feeling on her clitty when she touched it. The horny young girl couldn't 
keep her hand away from between her legs. Mandy leaned forward towards 
Tina, licked a finger and slid it up inside the other girl's vagina. "Your hole is 
nice and tight," she remarked, "Have you ever had anything inside it?" "You 
mean besides my finger?" asked Tina, thrusting her hips up towards her 
friend's finger. "No, why?" "I just wondered," replied Mandy, looking around 
at David and her father, "Because I like to put my Daddy's thing up inside it." 
"Why do you do that?" asked Tina. Mandy laughed. "Because it feels so 
good," she laughed. "It makes my hole all full, much better than my finger. 
We make it go in and out, like this," and she slid her finger in and out of 
Tina's hole as she continued, "It makes Daddy feel good too, and he shoots 
lots of cream." "Does he make it go inside your hole?" asked Tina. 
"Sometimes," replied Mandy, "And sometimes he takes it out when it's all 
ready to shoot and lets me suck the cream out of it because he knows I love 
it so much."

	Mandy asked David if she could show Tina how her Daddy put his cock 
into her and made it go in and out. He lay down and she climbed over the adult 
and poised herself above his penis. "See how wide open my hole is?" she 
asked. Tina nodded as Hank took a closeup of his daughter's open hole and 
she lowered herself until his cock touched her cunny lips. "If I rub it up and 
down my crack it'll get nice and wet and go in easier," she told David, and 
rubbed it back and forth past her cunny hole like Tina had done with Hank's. 
"How about if you lick your Daddy's thing and make it wet?" suggested 
Hank. Tina leaned forward to where she could reach her father's penis with 
her mouth,  gave the head a tentative lick and said, "The bulby thing at the 
top feels all soft on my tongue, like velvet." Her father told her it felt nice 
when she licked it so she did it some more. "Smile at the camera, honey, 
while you lick it," he said, and she did.  Hank got a good closeup of the 
young girl smiling as her little pink tongue licked the big purple knob of her 
father's cock.

	When it was all wet Mandy held it against her cunny opening and let it 
slip into her. Her father took a closeup of the adult's rigid penis penetrating 
the child's hairless cunny. Mandy let it slide up inside her and wiggled 
around on it. "Why are you doing that?" asked Tina and Mandy told her it felt 
good when she stirred up her insides with it. She showed Tina how she 
moved up and down and made it go in and out of her. "Are you going to 
make the stuff go up inside Mandy?" Tina asked. "Should I?" David asked 
Mandy. "If you do then Tina won't be able to see it come out of your thing," 
replied Mandy. "How about you tell me when you're ready and then we can 
both take turns licking it and sucking it and make the fountain come out so 
we can both see it. Tina clapped her hands and said, "Oh wow, yeah!" 

	David knew it wouldn't be long before the feeling of putting his cock 
up inside the little girl made him come, and he told her when to get off him. 
Mandy and Tina knelt on either side of him and each licked at  one side of 
his purple cock head while Hank took a closeup of their faces on either side 
of David's cock. Suddenly a thick jet of semen squirted high in the air and 
splashed down on Mandy's face. Tina stopped licking her father's cock and 
stared as the next spurt shot up. She pushed her face forward and caught 
the glob of semen on her upper lip as it fell. She licked her lips automatically 
and slurped the blob of cum into her mouth. She had loved the sweet-sour 
creamy taste of Hank's cum, and she wanted more, so she licked the end of 
her father's cock faster and watched as more semen squirted out and 
dropped onto her face and Mandy's as well. 

	When the cum had stopped squirting it drooled out in a thick whitish-
clear stream, and Mandy and Tina took turns licking it up and drinking it 
down, then licked up the cum that had fallen on each other's faces while 
Hank filmed them. 	

	Tina wanted to put her father's cock into her cunny but it was all soft 
again and Hank explained that it was too big for her little hole. Mandy had 
an idea and went and got their two  Golden Labs. She showed Tina how to 
get them down on their backs and play with their furry balls until their cocks 
poked out of the cocksheaths under their stomachs. When their pink pointy 
penises were all sticking out she showed Tina how to put the dog's cock in 
her mouth and suck on it. Tina saw that it got nice and big and hard, so she 
pursed her lips and slid her head back and forth on the dog's slim cock while 
it trembled and pulsed inside her mouth. Her father got a good picture of his 
little daughter masturbating the big dog and sucking its cock.

	Mandy showed her how to sit on the dog and make his cock go up 
into her cunny hole. Tina copied what her friend was doing and was 
delighted when she was able to get the dog's slim cock up her young 
hairless cunny hole. It went nice and far inside the little girl and stirred her 
insides up. Mandy told her the way dogs liked to do it, so she knelt and let 
the dog mount her from behind. She liked this better because the dog could 
make his cock go in and out of her little cunny much faster and push it in 
deeper, too. Mandy brought the other dog over and got him to lie down in 
front of Tina so Tina could play with his cock while the first dog fucked her. 
She got his cock out and sucked on it, letting the dog jerk his hindquarters 
and push his cock in and out of her mouth while she played with his balls. 
David took lots of pictures of his eleven year old daughter letting one dog 
fuck her while she sucked off the other. The child loved the feeling she was 
getting at both ends of her body, especially when the two dogs came. The 
dog she was sucking squirted long thick streams of a hot slippery spicy 
liquid into her mouth, filling it up so she had to swallow several times, and 
the other one squirted warm dog semen deep inside her warm cunny. David 
loved how sexy his little girl had become, and how the first time she had 
been fucked and sucked a cock it was with a dog. He knew she would love 
watching the video he had made. After the dog had dismounted from Tina 
Mandy licked all the dog cum out of her new friend's cunny hole. Then the 
two girls went for a swim.

	 Tina and Mandy ran off to the deep end and jumped in and splashed 
around. "Hey, I know!" said Mandy, "Let's go where the water comes into the 
pool and let it squirt out and hit us on our cracks! It feels really good!" Mandy 
showed Tina how  to stand so the water  spurted out into the pool, and the 
girls giggled as they took turns letting the jet of water hit them on their little 
clitties and make them feel good.

	"Let's go to the pound and get us a dog, Daddy," said Tina on the way
home. The girl at the pound saw Tina was only interested in the males, and 
thought she knew what the young girl was after. "The best way to see what 
they're like is to get close to the cage and let them smell you. I know this 
one's a good one," she said, stepping up to the wire, unzipping her fly and 
pressing her crotch again the wire in front of a large Boxer. He sniffed at the 
young girl's crotch for a few minutes until Tina giggled. "His thing's sticking 
out," she said. "I know," said the girl, "He knows when a girl lets him smell 
her there he's going to get it played with." 

	"Do you like doing stuff with dogs?" asked Tina. "Sure," replied the 
other girl, "They make it go in and out so fast!" She pointed out a big Golden 
Lab cross. "He's part Great Dane I think -  he's got a great big one. Try it!" 
Tina stood in front of the cage and lifted her skirt to her waist. "Hey, wow, no 
underpants," said the kennel girl, staring at Tina's bare bum." Tina giggled. 
"They get in the way," she said as the big dog put his nose against the cage 
in front of the young girl's hairless cunny, wagging his tail. Tina let him smell 
her naked cunny while she looked underneath the big animal at his cock 
sheath. "Here it comes," she cried as the animal's cock began protruding 
from the hairy sheath and extending out and down. "He likes you," giggled 
the other girl, who had her hand inside the fly of her jeans and was feeling 
her own cunny while she watched. 

	"Wow, is it ever big!" exclaimed Tina as the animal's cock reached its 
full extended length, "It must be eight inches long!" "Yeah, and nice and thick 
too," sighed the other girl as she fingered her cunny, "He sure likes to put it 
in all the way. I'm going to miss him, but you should take him because he'd 
be put down tomorrow. What a waste that would be." "Can we have him, 
Daddy?" asked Tina of her father who had parked the car and come into the 
kennel. David looked at the dog sniffing at his little girl's cunny and trying to 
lick it through the caging, and at the size of his erection. "Sure, if you want, 
honey," he said, watching the other girl masturbating. "Maybe the girl here 
would like to say a special good bye to him before we take him away." 

	"Oh wow yeah!" said the kennel girl, who said her name was Gail, and 
they locked up the kennel front door, undid the cage and led the dog into a 
side room where there was a  gym mat on the floor. "You don't mind if we 
watch, do you?" asked Tina as the other girl took off her clothes. "I like it 
when people watch," she replied as she stood up naked. She was a little 
older than Tina, and her young tits poked out in small cones high on her 
chest. David saw that her hairless cunny lips were swollen and blushing a 
deep pink, and that her clitty was poking out from between them. "Come on, 
Rider," she said .She lay down on the gym mat and pulled the dog over to 
her, reaching up beneath him to fondle his fiery red erection. The pointed tip 
was already dripping a clear fluid, and she pulled him over her and craned 
her neck up so she could lick the dribbles of doggy pre-cum off it. She 
lapped all around the tip, smacking her lips, then sighed with pleasure as 
the animal pushed with his hindquarters and thrust his cock deep into her 
mouth. 

	David and Tina watched the girl sucking off the dog, and Tina slipped 
a hand undrneath her skirt and slipped a finger down her slit, rubbing it 
gently past her clitty while she watched. After she had sucked the dog's cock 
for awhile, the girl let it slip from her mouth with a "Pop!"  "I wanna get him to 
fuck me," she explained, turning over and getting up on her hands and 
knees in front of the animal. "I love drinking his cum, but this last time I want 
him to shoot it up my cunny." The dog sniffed at the girl's cunny and 
suddenly mounted her, scrabbling over the young girl and clasping his 
forepaws around her slender waist as he blindly thrust and poked for her 
vagina. 

	"It's here, silly!" giggled Gail as she reached between her legs and 
found the animal's penis and brought the tip against her hairless cunny. The 
dog seemd to know he was in the right place and thrust it into the child all at 
once, making her go, "Aaaaah! Yessssss!" with pleasure. Once he was in, he 
began thrusting quickly back and forth. Gail's eyes glazed over as the 
animal slipped his cock rapidly in and out of her young cunny. She looked 
up at David and Tina with a hazy smile on her face. "I'm really gonna - unh - 
miss him!" she said. David had taken out his cock and was stroking it gently 
back and forth. "I can suck it for you if you wanna," she offered, "You're being 
so - unh unh unh! - nice letting me have one last - unh  ooh yes yes - good 
one with Rider here." "Do you mind, honey?" David asked Tina, who shook 
her head. "Oh no, Daddy," replied the child, "I'll feel Gail's titties and play 
with her cunny where Rider has his thing - his cock - inside her." 

	David and Tina both stripped off their clothes, and David lay down in 
front of the kennel girl where she could reach his stiff erection with her 
mouth, helpfully holding it for her so she could suck on it while the dog 
fucked her. Tina reached under the other girl and fondled her small titties, 
fiddling with her nipples till they hardened. "I've got an idea," she said, and 
lay on her back and worked her way under the other girl so she could suck 
on the girl's rigid nipples. "Mmmmph!" mumbled Gail around David's stiff 
cock, bobbing her head up and down on it. Tina slid further under the girl 
until her head was right underneath the girl's crotch. "Hey, neat!" she 
exclaimed, "Hey Daddy, I can see his cock going in And out of Gail's cunny! 
It's stretching it 'cause it's so big! Boy is it ever going to feel nice in mine 
when we get him home." 

	She reached her head up and began licking at the other girl's clitoris 
and all over her hairless cunny, sometimes licking at the dog's cock as it 
plunged in and out. Soon he quickened his movements and his trembling 
hips thrust faster. Gail let the dog's pushes force her head back and forth on 
David's cock and as he began squirting thick gouts of semen into the child's 
mouth, she felt the dog's cock give a long squirt and then another and 
another, right up against her womb. It was just what the child needed to cum, 
and she shuddered with pleasure and delight as the man shot his load into 
her mouth, the dog filled her cunny with his cum, and Tina licked and lapped 
at her clitty. When she had come down from the peak of her orgasm she let 
the dog dismount, and then squatted over Tina's face and let the child lap up 
the oozings of animal cum that drooled from her swollen cunny.

	"I think Rider will make a nice pet," said Tina as they drove home. "I 
think a girl should have a pet, don't you, Daddy?" David looked at his young 
daughter, sitting with her legs apart as the dog licked her hairless cunny. He 
nodded and grinned. "You bet, honey," he said.















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....