------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                      
                           D U D E    R A N C H                                                                                     
------------------------------------------------------------------------------                                                      
                                                                                                                                    
The desert is a cruel and forboding place,  yet that summer,  I was to call  it                                                     
home.   Having finished school,  it seemed the only prospect of work was with a                                                     
ranch  situated  smack dab in the middle of what normal folk would  consider  a                                                     
dust bowl. Yet, somehow, the thought of going did not make me unhappy.                                                              
                                                                                                                                    
When the tears had cleared from mother's eyes, I saw fit to plant a big kiss on                                                     
her  thinly paired lips,  feeling her moist cheeks against mine as I pressed to                                                     
bid her farewell.   It saddened me,  but if I was to prove myself a  man,  this                                                     
parting  was my trues course.   Turning to father,  always a cold and emotional                                                     
figure became almost sorry to see me standing there on the platform.                                                                
                                                                                                                                    
With a handshake,  the acceptable form of manly gesture,  I boarded the  train,                                                     
now  puffing and preparing to depart.  I found my seat with little trouble  and                                                     
craned  to catch a glimpse of mother as the trained jerked and started  pulling                                                     
away from the station. She waved her handkerchief and sobbed under a supporting                                                     
arm  from  dad.  It was the first time I'd ever tried to put  distance  between                                                     
myself and what I termed home.  The bonds I was breaking cause her much pain, I                                                     
knew,  but then we both had an understanding.  Something good would come out of                                                     
it all. I would be proving myself a man.                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                    
A few more puffs brought the train up to speed and I watched the ties meld into                                                     
a blur.  The speed caused me to sink into my seat. It was like getting a gentle                                                     
hug from mother, so warm and sincere. I looked out the window to shake the last                                                     
thoughts of family and filled my mind with dust, blowing heat and the mooing of                                                     
cattle.  I'd  noticed  earlier a brochure of some sort on the seat  across  the                                                     
compartment. Now I grabbed it, wanting anything to keep the tears back.                                                             
                                                                                                                                    
It was a brochure from the ranch I was travelling too,  oddly enough. The cover                                                     
was golden, highlighting rugged, rusty, sandstone peaks against the glowing orb                                                     
of  the  sun.  Cacti littered the landscape and a lone cowboy  was  silhouetted                                                     
against  the deep blue to scarlet hues of the sky.  He looked a rough  sort  of                                                     
creature.  Certainly the kind of thing you would expect to find in a dust bowl.                                                     
A  yawned a deep breath,  nodded my head toward to window and slowly set into a                                                     
sleep.                                                                                                                              
_____                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                    
It was morning.  The train had come to a stop and the baraking jolt had aroused                                                     
me.  The brochure lay crumpled in my hand.  I looked out the window into my new                                                     
habitat, grabbed my bags and prepared to enter it, alone.                                                                           
                                                                                                                                    
Just  getting the bags off the train was bad enough.  I'd now have to find  out                                                     
where I was going and just how I was about to get there.  As I managed the last                                                     
step  down,  my bags landed with a thud at my feet.  The wind rose and a lay  a                                                     
hand at my hat should it decide to fly. Dust specks hit me hard in the face and                                                     
my mouth was sucked dry.  The air was hot and the sweat was already welling  on                                                     
my neck and back.                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                    
"Are  you Steve?"  a gruff voice said from ahead.  I looked up to see a  cowboy                                                     
coming for me.  He took sweeping steps and met me before I had even a chance to                                                     
answer him.                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                    
"Yeah. Who are you?" I didn't expect anyone to be meeting me at the station. No                                                     
one in fact knew that I would even be there.                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                    
"Your  parents wired ahead and told us you'd be arriving on this  train.  Guess                                                     
they  were worried you'd get lost or something.  Anyhow...I've come to  collect                                                     
you back to the ranch.  Are these your things?" His words were well  spoken.  I                                                     
thought it really rude if I declined him now and I accepted,  even though I was                                                     
eager to prove myself.                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                    
"Yeah.  Thanx for coming. I wasn't really expecting anyone to be here. Not that                                                     
I can't manage,  I think I did pack a bit too much. Oh well!" I looked into his                                                     
eyes as I spoke. He met me and smiled.                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                    
His  hands were really large and he took a bag in either one not even bothering                                                     
to clutch the handles.  I grabbed the remaining tote and followed him from  the                                                     
station.   Out  front  were  two  horses hitched to a  crude  wagon.  This  was                                                     
obviously the transportation home. What I would now be calling home anyway.                                                         
                                                                                                                                    
I stopped to look at the horses.  They were beautes and I couldn't wait to  get                                                     
into  the  saddle,  but these two were in no condition to have me ride them  at                                                     
present.  They looked pretty tired so I guessed that the ranch was a fair  ride                                                     
away.  He had already ascended the wagon and was readying. I took a step up and                                                     
threw my tote into the back as he tugged on the reins to start the horses.  Off                                                     
we went.                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                    
"Hey! Ya know. I don't even know yer name. What is it?", I said, trying to make                                                     
adult conversation.                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                    
"My name's Jim, but my friends call me Tongue." He giggled, in a deep tone, and                                                     
extended a hand, keeping the other fixed on the reins.                                                                              
                                                                                                                                    
Shaking  his  hand  made  me feel like I was taking the first  step  toward  my                                                     
destiny.  I'd never actaully shaken anyone's hand before,  except for dad's. It                                                     
was  different  this time though and Jim's hands were really  rough,  like  the                                                     
ground we rode across.                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                    
"Why do they call you Tongue? That's a really strange name, kinda funny too." I                                                     
chuckled.  I looked at him square now.  As he turned, facing me, a grin came on                                                     
his face and his eyes sparkled, something like mom's diamond ring.                                                                  
                                                                                                                                    
"It's a long story Steve. Maybe some time I will tell you, but for now, call me                                                     
what ever you like.  Names don't mean much round here 'ceptin' super time,  and                                                     
even then it's usually only the chime that brings you to the table ta eat."                                                         
                                                                                                                                    
The country started getting rougher.  I even saw a few wild animals,  the likes                                                     
of  which I'd only until now seen pictures of in books.  It was so different to                                                     
see  these  things close up and in real life.  I wanted to take  a  camera  and                                                     
capture  everything I saw but I'd forgotten to bring it with me and besides,  I                                                     
don't think I could bring enough film with me either.  There certainly  weren't                                                     
any  stores out here for such things.  Everything would be mail order from  now                                                     
on, so I was informed.                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                    
The  sun was high in the sky before we reached some stone cairns marking one of                                                     
the ranch's southern boundary.   Jim tugged gently on the reins and the  horses                                                     
responded  with a quickened pace.   I was surprised that he didn't yell at then                                                     
at all.  A man and beast rapport I'd not thought possible, except in legend. It                                                     
was  like the horses and he actually talked through those two thin  threads  of                                                     
leather.                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                    
Buildings  now formed on the not too distant horizon.  As we pulled  closed,  I                                                     
even saw figures emerging and disappearing,  going about their daily chores and                                                     
such.  One thing struck me as being odd,  but I just assumed that all the women                                                     
would be indoors, in the cool, preparing grub. The thought of it made me hungry                                                     
as I had not had anything since super of last night.                                                                                
                                                                                                                                    
A  tap  on  the wagon brought the horses to a stop,  each of them  puffing  and                                                     
snorting  anticipating  some reward for travelling the great distance  we  hade                                                     
come.   A  hand  came out of a barn off across the garden and took  the  horses                                                     
away.  Jim had already gotten my bags and tote out of the back. The tote he now                                                     
handed to me,  dropping it lightly into my out-stretched hands.  "Come on,"  he                                                     
said,  "I'll take you into your bunkin' house and get ya settled,  then you can                                                     
wash up and I'll take ya in for chow." I nodded agreeingly.                                                                         
                                                                                                                                    
He ran up a couple of steps,  with me closely behind, and into what looked like                                                     
the  hands quarters.  It was then that it hit me that I would be really workin'                                                     
hard  all  summer.  Feedin' the animals,  washin' down the horses  and  herdin'                                                     
cattle.  One thing was for sure though,  I was certainly going to enjoy gettin'                                                     
in the saddle. Straddling a horse was a great feeling. It always gave me a rush                                                     
of power and I felt like I could reach out and pluck the stars from the sky.                                                        
                                                                                                                                    
My room was at the end of the hall on the left.  Curtains wisped gently in  the                                                     
breeze coming through a partially open window. The scent in the room was musty,                                                     
like it hadn't been used in some time.  But nonetheless, I didn't see any dust,                                                     
save  what  came in on the breeze from outside.  Jim tossed my bags off to  one                                                     
side  and landed himself on the bed with a bounce.  "This is a  good  mattress.                                                     
I've  slept  in this room many a time.  You should be really  comfortable  here                                                     
Steve, lad."                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                    
"Yeah. Looks okay." I smiled and sat down next to him. A loud noise from behind                                                     
startled  me and I spun quickly,  noticing that it was only the breeze catching                                                     
the  door  and slamming it shut.  "Wow.  That scared me.  I hate  loud  noises,                                                     
'specially when you're not 'spectin' 'em."                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                    
"This place is usually pretty quite Steve.  Fact is, this room is away from all                                                     
the others so you won't be disturbed much at all." He lay a hand on my shoulder                                                     
and  squeezed me ever so slightly,  but I could feel just how strong  his  grip                                                     
was.  Must  have been the years of work out here in the nowhere.  A smile  came                                                     
across  his face and that same shining came to his eyes.  Then he lay back onto                                                     
the pillow, his arms folded behind his head.                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                    
He looked rugged,  but his gentleness led me into a sense of security. I didn't                                                     
really  understand  what  was  going  on but I felt  I  was  being  drawn  into                                                     
something. My emotions surged and my senses were acute, expecting that I should                                                     
again  hear  a loud noise.  I sat there poised,  at Jim's side.  His  gaze  not                                                     
leaving my darting eyes.                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                    
The butterflies in my stomach told me that something was happening but I didn't                                                     
yet comprehend just what it was.  I looked at Jim hoping he could explain it to                                                     
me.  My face,  I was sure, was growning redder by the minute and the pumping of                                                     
my  heart made it difficult to swallow with each advance of blood.  My  temples                                                     
pulsed with it and my nostrils flared. Jim just lay there calm.                                                                     

The  curtains lifted and the cool breeze fell along my back.  I felt the  sweat                                                     
there and had an inkling of what wa to be. Jim caught me and moved a hand to my                                                     
back.  His touch was gentle and I was unafraid. I moved closer to him, shifting                                                     
my buttocks along the sheets without trying to create a noticeable effort.  His                                                     
elbow  bent  and he noticed my shift,  sliding his hand along the ridge  of  my                                                     
spine, held tight against my moistened shirt.                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                    
He looked right through me and knew everything I wanted even though I did  not.                                                     
"You've come here hoping to become a man, Steve, and that's just what you are."                                                     
His words were as kind as his touch.  I relaxed, putting an arm about his belt.                                                     
The  buckle was almost as large as the back of my hand.  I caught his eye again                                                     
and  when I looked down again,  the buckle was gone.  It shocked me  at  first,                                                     
because I had not seen a movement at all, and had only looked up momentarily.                                                       
                                                                                                                                    
His arm wrapped around me and pulled me up onto his chest, my legs still draped                                                     
across the bed and toes pointing toward the floor.  I just lay there, unable to                                                     
speak.  I  was aware of my feelings but it was difficult for me act on them.  I                                                     
really  didn't  know how.  This Jim sensed,  and to make it  easy  for  me,  he                                                     
prompted me on.                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                    
"Why don't you get out of that shirt,  Steve? It looks uncomfortable." I nodded                                                     
affirmatively,  and  he  helped with the buttons,  sliding one hand  around  my                                                     
waist, his rough skin soothing me as he pushed it further around and up my back                                                     
to a shoulder.  I fell back onto it and felt his other hand loosening my pants.                                                     
Instantly, my hands were there, alarmed, again. It was a real shock to discover                                                     
these feelings so quickly.  Almost immediatley after Jim did anything I jumped,                                                     
then relaxed as I comprehended its full meaning and his intention.                                                                  
                                                                                                                                    
My  pants slid off landing in a pile,  on top of my shirt,  on the floor.  Next                                                     
were socks,  and a pair of underwear lay at the foot of the bed.  He was  still                                                     
fully clothed, minus a belt. This made me curious now. I was fully naked yet he                                                     
still had all his clothes on. It somehow didn't seem like it was supposed to be                                                     
like this and I put a hand up to unbutton his shirt.                                                                                
                                                                                                                                    
Soon,  it too was in the growing pile on the floor,  his pants were next. I had                                                     
to  tug  hard to get them off.  It was then that I noticed his  crotch.  Unlike                                                     
mine,  it  was  full  and  swollen.  I looked closer,  and  the  lines  of  his                                                     
undershorts showed that something was alive inside.  I felt a rush of blood and                                                     
my groin was warmed,  his hands coming for me and pulling me onto his  stomach,                                                     
butt first.                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                    
As I sat there,  I felt him underneath me,  warm and wet. Putting a hand at his                                                     
chest  and  one  at his shoulder,  I gained some stability and  thoughts  began                                                     
forming in my head.  It was becoming clearer all the time,  like a puzzle  with                                                     
pieces  popping into place at random.  Sometimes,  the picture was easy to see,                                                     
and  other  times,  not enough pieces were there.  I felt a  pulse  between  my                                                     
cheeks.  It  didn't  startle me.  I looked into his sparkling eyes and  at  his                                                     
thick lips, moistened by a sliding tongue.                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                    
"So...tell  me  why  they call you tongue," I said,  the voice  coming  from  a                                                     
seeming  nowhere.  I didn't even know I'd said it until after I realized what I                                                     
said.                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                    
He moved,  lifting me into the air above him. I freed my arms and tugged at his                                                     
shorts,  pulling them down to put the missing pieces of the puzzle into  place.                                                     
It  was then that I saw the whole picture and knew how I was about to become  a                                                     
man.  When he lowered me, I rested my head on his chest, listeneing to the beat                                                     
of his heart. It thumped like a bass drum, deep inside.                                                                             
                                                                                                                                    
The warmth of his crotch rose into mine, and I felt hard, as was he. I just lay                                                     
there,  rubbing  myself on him and it felt really good.  It felt great.  I felt                                                     
warm all over.  His strong hands helped me and grabbed at either of my  cheeks,                                                     
moving me left and right across him. I sighed heavily, breathing hot air across                                                     
his erect nipple. I thought to lick it, and in the effort was swept off him.                                                        
                                                                                                                                    
I was face down in the pillow before I knew what was happening.  The warmth  in                                                     
my groin was still there,  as was one of Jim's hands. It rubbed me gently, as I                                                     
had  rubbed  on him and I felt another sensation coming at me from  behind  - a                                                     
heat like that I had not felt before followed by incredible pleasure.  I turned                                                     
sideways  and  saw  him licking me from behind.  It felt  so  good.  I'd  never                                                     
experienced  anything  like it before.  The warmth filled me and I became  very                                                     
wet, rolling from side to side, Jim playing with me all the time.                                                                   
                                                                                                                                    
Though  I had read about orgasms in books,  the ones under dad's bed were  very                                                     
explicit about such things,  I'd never actually had one myself. But if this was                                                     
anything,  it  was  close to an orgasm.  I felt his tongue working  deeper  and                                                     
deeper.  His  mouth opened and closed and I felt his teeth knawing at  me.  The                                                     
roughness  of his hands added to the sensation in my crotch and I rolled to see                                                     
what was happening.  I couldn't believe the size of it.  I'd never seen it that                                                     
large before. It was amazing.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                    
He  rubbed  and prodded,  his tongue occasionally licking one of  my  balls.  I                                                     
watched him do this and saw the skin contract around it.  It felt just as  good                                                     
as having him in behind. Then he was back there pushing even harder. I felt his                                                     
half day old shave against my bare bottom.  That was another sensation  driving                                                     
me up.  Moments later I was spasmed into the bed,  his tongue still pushing and                                                     
working  it  out  of me.  My eyes blinked uncontrollably and for  a  moment,  I                                                     
couldn't stop shaking.  The pleasure was immense.  A few seconds later,  a felt                                                     
wetness under me and had stopped spasming. I was in control again.                                                                  
                                                                                                                                    
"Was that an orgasm?" I asked him.                                                                                                  

"Yeah. Was it good Steve?"                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                    
The  words were there but they didn't really express how I felt.  I threw  both                                                     
arms around his broad shoulders, and hugged him tight as I could. The intensity                                                     
of  the  hug almost stuck me to him,  stomach to stomach,  but I felt  that  he                                                     
understood what I meant from it.  He patted me gently on the behind, telling me                                                     
that I had best wash up for super.  I took a last look as he fell back onto the                                                     
bed, then I grabbed a towel from my bag, tied it about my waist and headed into                                                     
the bathroom for a shower.                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                    
As  I washed myself,  the thoughts of mother crying seemed very distant to  me.                                                     
Soon, I would be writing her, telling her I was a man.                                                                              
                                                                                                                                    
