Dukat's Night Out

Gul Dukat leaned up against the wall, crossed his
arms, and sighed.  He hated these official functions.  He
wouldn't be at this one, if it weren't so important.  However,
this was a party in honor of the fifth anniversary of the signing
of the Peace Treaty between Cardassia and the Federation.
As such, there were many high-ranking officials from both 
sides in attendance, and not to make an appearance 
would be a grave mistake.  However, the knowledge that 
he was making a prudent career move didn't ease his boredom.
	He lifted his hand in greeting to a couple of 
acquaintances passing by, and wondered how long it would 
be before he could gracefully withdraw.  He'd much rather be 
ensconced in his private chambers with his newest mistress. 
A smile flickered across his face as he recalled the night before.  
She'd been magnificent.  He wondered cynically how long the 
acrobatics would last before she started campaigning to 
become the second Mrs. Dukat.  He gave it another month.
	Well, at least the Command had spared no expense 
in hosting this party.  There was, of course, synthehol, but they 
also had some wonderful Earth liquors and the best Cardassian 
kanar available.  Dukat wasn't interested in food at the moment, 
but he noticed a good cross-section of cuisines was displayed.
	His glass had been empty for quite some time, and he 
decided it was time for a refill.  As he crossed the room, he looked 
over at the entranceway, and nearly stopped dead in his tracks.  
'Well', he thought, 'maybe there's hope for this night, after all.'
	Standing there was one of the most beautiful human 
women he had ever seen.  She was wearing a gorgeous dark red 
sheath, made of a shimmery material that was molded to her body, 
leaving very little to the imagination.  She moved to walk down the 
stairs, and he could see that her dress was slit almost to her waist, 
showing generous amounts of her long legs.
	As she walked down the stairs, she surveyed the room, 
and Dukat was drawn to her proud carriage, and the haughty look 
in her eyes.  He reflected how he would enjoy grinding that pride to 
dust, and pictured her writhing in ecstasy beneath him, pleading with 
him to take her.  The thought brought a predatory smile to his face.
	As her gaze swept the room, it fell on Dukat, and lightly 
rested there.  Whatever could he be thinking that would put that 
menacing look on his face?  His eyes met hers, and she knew what 
he was thinking.  He wanted her.  She averted her glance, as if 
dismissing him, and continued down the stairs.
	At her dismissive look, the smile on Dukat's face grew wider.  
He felt he'd just been challenged, and he was never one to back away 
from a challenge.  He swept up two glasses of Kanar and headed 
over to meet this fascinating woman.


	Lia fought her nervousness as she descended the stairs.  
All eyes were on her, as she knew they would be.  She'd purposely 
been a little late.  It wasn't the best of form, but it meant that 
everyone would be watching her when she came in.  The red dress 
she was wearing doubly assured she would be the center of attention.
	But now that she was here, the butterflies were in full force.  
There was nothing for it, but to hold her head up high, keep her face 
impassive, and hope she didn't throw up.  She imperiously swept her
 gaze across the room, looking for one certain Cardassian...
	Her heart jumped as her eyes lit upon him, and then she 
met his burning gaze.  Well, he'd noticed her all right, and she 
knew he desired her.  After a moment of contact with his hot gaze, 
she had to look away.  She forced a bored look on her face, and 
looked away from him as if she had found him wanting.  She had 
to fight not to seek out his face once again; she knew she would 
not be able to hide her desire for him.
	She continued to the bottom of the staircase.


	Dukat saw the woman reach the bottom of the staircase, 
and greet an older man; a Starfleet Admiral.  They spoke for a moment, 
and it seemed some tense words were exchanged.  Dukat wondered 
if he was witness to a lovers' spat.  A Cardassian Ambassador walked 
up to the pair, and the Admiral turned to speak to him.  After a few 
moments the woman broke away from them.  Dukat intercepted her.
	He said nothing at first, just handed her the glass of Kanar, 
which she accepted.  He smiled, and said, "That was quite an entrance."
	She took a sip, watching him coolly over the rim of her glass.  
Then she brought her glass down, and licked the liquid from her lips.  
"I'm glad you enjoyed it."  Then she smiled a small, seductive smile 
at him and then glanced over the room, as if searching for someone.
	Dukat simmered.  This woman was playing with him!  He 
was not used to women being so dismissive, certainly not in public.  
He vowed that before the night was over, she'd be clinging to him like 
a vine.  After all, he did have somewhat of a reputation as a ladies' 
man to live up to.  He would not be made a laughingstock!
	"My name is Dukat.  And you are....?" his eyes bored into hers.
	"Lia".  She had a magnificent voice; as smooth as the kanar 
he was drinking, he thought.
	"Well, Lia," he said, taking her glass from her hand, and setting 
it down on the table, "I think we should dance."  He took her hand to lead

her to the dance floor, but she snatched it back, as if it burned her.
	"I think, sir, that I wasn't done with my drink!"  She reached 
for her glass, and drank the remaining liquid in three fiery gulps.  Only 
she knew what an effort it was to keep her hand from shaking, and 
spilling kanar all over her dress.
	She had seen this man months before while visiting DS9, 
and had been very attracted to him, to the air of authority and 
danger that surrounded him.  He hadn't seen her, but she had been 
intrigued enough with what she saw of him, that she began to read 
all the files she could on him.  The more she learned, the more 
fascinated she became.  She didn't think she'd ever really meet 
him; he was more of a fantasy figure.  But then her father had 
received the invitation to attend this party.  Of course, as the 
Admiral's daughter, the invitation also included her, and she had 
made her plans to attend.  Her father did not quite approve of her 
attire, as she knew he wouldn't, but she was quite old enough to 
wear what she wanted.  She'd been on her own for a number of 
years, after all.
	'Well, Lia, you asked for it, you got it, so don't back 
out now!' she told herself.
	After she had downed her glass, she turned back to 
the Gul, and said, "NOW I am ready to dance."
	He gave her a smirk, like he could see right through 
her, through her confident exterior into the secret quivering of 
her stomach.  Like he knew exactly why she'd had to down the 
kanar, and that she was wishing desperately for another glass 
to calm her nerves.  After searching her eyes for a moment, he 
once again took her hand, and they went to the dance floor.
	His hand clasped her waist, and the other took her hand.  
She hesitantly put her other hand on his shoulder, and they began 
to dance.  She was relieved to find that dancing here was much 
the same as on Earth.  He was a very graceful dancer; he moved 
like a panther.  She was reminded by that thought that he was 
also as dangerous as one.  
	To attend the party, he had worn a formal Cardassian 
uniform, one that did not include the hard armor of his everyday 
uniform.  Under her hand, she could feel the hardness of his 
shoulder, and she thought she could even feel the warmth of 
his skin.  
	She looked up at him, and found he had been speaking to her.
	"What did you say?  I'm sorry," she said.
	"I said, you seem a little distracted," the Gul said.  "I 
was wondering what you were thinking of."
	"Oh, nothing much, just this and that," she said airily.
	Dukat narrowed his eyes.  "I do hope I'm not boring you."  
She could feel the anger tensing his body, and decided she had 
played it cool long enough.
	"Actually, no, you're not boring me," she said.  "If you 
want to know what I'm thinking, I'll tell you."  She looked up into 
his eyes, and said, "I'm thinking about how incredibly aroused I 
am by you."
	At his look of shock, she threw her head back and 
laughed.  He watched her, his eyes taking in the elegant curve 
of her throat.  He felt an urge to taste her skin, to bite that 
delicious spot where her neck met her shoulder in a graceful 
line, and to hear her moan with pleasure.
	She looked at him, and her eyes gleamed wickedly.  
"Well, you did ask, didn't you?"
	Dukat recovered his composure.  "Yes, I did.  
But I had no idea."
	She narrowed her eyes.  "Oh, please.  You know 
that most of the women in this room would love to fuck you."
	That word coming from her lips in this setting was 
jarring, and he felt a tingle in his loins.  All these well dressed, 
stuffy bureaucrats and politicians all within earshot; she could
 easily have been overheard.  But she acted like she didn't
care.  What kind of woman was this?
	'Well, that hadn't been so hard,' reflected Lia.  
Of course, the Kanar had helped loosen her tongue.  
She was beginning to feel a pleasant lightheadedness, 
whether from the liquor or Dukat's arms around her 
she couldn't say. 
She became very aware of his body, and its closeness 
to hers.  The strength in the arms that held her.
	She looked up into his eyes, and the pleasant, 
giggly feeling that had been taking hold of her died.  His 
eyes were dark, smoldering with passion, and deadly 
serious.  She found she couldn't look away from him.  
It was getting hard for her to breathe, and there was a 
funny feeling in the pit of her stomach.  She thought 
she might faint.
	Dukat noticed that she seemed dizzy, and 
asked her if she was all right.  "Yes, I'm fine, thank you, 
but maybe we should stop dancing for now.  I am 
unused to your strong Cardassian liquors," Lia said.
	He led her to the edge of the dance floor, 
and out onto a balcony.  The cool breeze immediately 
made her feel better.  It had been so close and hot 
in the ballroom.  She should have known better than 
to gulp Kanar like that.  The view was beautiful, and 
she said as much to Dukat.
	"Yes, very beautiful," he murmured, and she 
knew he wasn't talking about the view.  Suddenly, 
she felt nervous again, and she stepped up to the rail 
of the balcony, and looked out on the mountains, and 
the moonlight shining on a nearby lake.  She tried to 
take some of the peacefulness of her surroundings 
and make it hers.
	Then she felt Dukat's body move up behind 
hers; she could feel the hard muscles of his chest 
against her back.  She wanted to lean back into him, 
but resisted.  She felt gentle fingers moving aside her 
hair, and then his lips were against the smooth flesh 
of her neck.  He nuzzled her ear, and she felt electricity 
shoot through her.  She heard a moan of pleasure 
escape her lips.  She turned around so that she was 
facing him, and then his lips met hers.
	Those lips.  Those cruel, sensual lips that she'd 
dreamed of so often.  In her wildest dreams she hadn't 
imagined that they would be so exquisitely gentle.  His 
tongue parted her lips, and all her senses came to life.  
She eagerly took his tongue into her mouth, and in her 
passion, began sucking on it.  
	A low growl escaped him as his own passion 
began to rise.  God, he wanted this woman.  He wanted 
to rip the dress from her body and bury himself deep within 
her.  But a small part of his mind kept him aware that they 
were in a very public place, and someone could walk out 
onto the balcony at any time.  He knew he'd better stop, 
or risk losing control of himself.  He pulled away from her 
violently, and leaned up against the balcony wall.  His 
breathing was coming in ragged gasps.
	He tensed as he felt her hand on his back.  
"What is it?" she whispered, not trusting her normal 
speaking voice.  "What's wrong?"
	"We have to stop this now, before I lose control 
of myself and take you right here on the floor of this 
balcony!" he rasped.
	He heard a low, sultry laugh from behind him.  
He turned around, to see that she had shed her dress, 
and stood there in a puddle of the shiny red material, 
naked as the day she had been born.  She lifted her 
arms, presenting herself for his inspection.  "So, who's 
stopping you?" she whispered huskily.
	Dukat's sudden intake of breath hissed through 
his teeth.  Gods, this was a magnificent woman.  
He could hear his blood pounding in his ears, and had 
to fight himself to keep from knocking her to the floor, 
and burying his aching cock between her legs.  
	She saw his reaction, and was pleased.  
However, not as pleased as she  would be later, she vowed.  
He was still reluctant, and she decided he needed just 
one more little shove to push him over the edge.
	He watched as she walked slowly towards him, 
her hips swaying seductively from side to side.  She 
pressed her naked form against him, and wound her arms 
around his neck.  His hands went to her slim waist, and 
then slid lower to cup her rounded buttocks.  With a 
groan, his mouth came down on hers, and his tongue 
plundered the sweetness of her mouth.  
	Lia gripped Dukat's hair tightly with one hand, 
and the other began an exploration of his magnificent body.  
She traced her fingers over the ridge that ran down the side 
of his neck, and followed it to his shoulder.  She explored 
his firm chest, felt the strength there.  Wanting to feel his 
skin, she pulled his uniform top loose, and rubbed his torso.  
His skin was slightly cooler than her own, but still warm.  
Her fingers found his nipples, and she teased them lightly 
with her fingertips.
	She finished her exploration, and ran her hand 
around to his back, and then down to his tightly muscled 
ass.  She gripped it with both hands and pulled him 
tightly against her.
	Lia almost gasped with surprise.  It couldn't 
possibly be that big!  She slid her hand around to the 
front of him and felt the size of his pulsating manhood.  
It almost felt like a live thing, fighting to be free from its restraint. 

	Dukat choked back a groan of intense pleasure.  
His lips left hers, and his teeth bit down hard into her shoulder.  
Lia gasped in a mixture of pain and desire.  Her hand tightened 
her grip on his swollen cock.
	"I want you," she moaned.
	Dukat pulled back and looked at her.  A small, sinister 
smile crossed his face.  "What do you want?  Say it."
	"What do you mean?" she gasped,
	"You have to tell me, specifically, what you want.  No.  
Let me rephrase that.  You have to beg me.  I can wait all night.  
You, however, cannot."
	Outraged, Lia snapped, "Well, we'll see about that!  
I will not beg you!  I can wait just as long as you can, in fact 
why don't we just end th...." she broke off as Dukat found her 
most intimate place, and lightly stroked her.  "Oh my God," 
she choked.
	A small amused sound escaped from Dukat.  
"Please, just call me Dukat."  His voice turned cold as steel.  
"Now say it!!"
	Lia thought she would go mad with desire.  "Dukat, 
you bastard, I hate you!"
	His fingers slid inside her.  "Last chance, or I'll leave 
you here like this."
	She gasped, then was silent, but for the sound of her 
ragged breathing.  Her eyes pleaded with him.
	He withdrew his fingers, and gave her pleasure bud 
one final, teasing stroke.  Licking his fingers, he said, "It's been 
a real...pleasure"  He stepped away from her.
	No!  "Dukat!!" she choked.
	He turned around.  "Yes?"
	You'll pay for this, she thought.  "Please....fuck me."
	A victorious smile crossed his face.  "What was that?  
I didn't quite hear you."
	Her eyes shot daggers at him.  "Damn you!" she 
hissed.  Then, almost sobbing in frustration, she said, "I want 
your cock inside of me.  Now, before I lose my mind!  Please!"  
she regained a little of her composure.  "Fuck me, Dukat."
	With a strangled moan, Dukat pinned her up against 
the wall.  Freeing his raging cock with one hand, he lifted her 
up with his other arm, and then impaled her on his stiff manhood.  
Lia threw her head back.  She wanted to cry out with the agony 
and the pleasure of it.  As he brutally thrust into her again and 
again, she didn't notice or care that her back was being 
scraped raw by the balcony wall, or that her thighs were being 
bruised by his hips.  She knew nothing at all except that this 
was the most intense experience of her life, and that she was 
on the verge of a screaming orgasm.  She could feel herself 
cumming, and couldn't stop the moans of pleasure that were 
escaping.  As they reached a crescendo, Dukat brought his 
mouth down on hers roughly, and her cries were silenced.
	Her orgasm seemed to last forever.  Every time she 
thought she'd reached the top, his driving cock sent her to 
new heights of pleasure.  Then it came, crashing into her 
like a tidal wave.  At that moment, she thought she knew 
all the secrets of the universe.  She was dying and being 
reborn.  She thought she screamed, but she didn't know 
if it was only in her mind.  Dukat reached his peak seconds 
after she reached hers, and she felt him speaking words 
into her mouth, tortured, strangled, meaningless words, 
and then he cried out one final time.
	Slowly, reality crept back into their world.  She 
felt the pain of her back, and the cramping in her hips.  
As he slid her off his still stiff prick, she gasped with the 
pain of it.
	"Well," Dukat gasped, "I'm impressed.  Many 
human women are too fragile for a Cardassian fucking."  
He put his finger in his mouth, and it came out bloodied.  
"You almost bit my tongue off!"
	She picked up her dress, and began to put 
herself back together.  She looked sharply at him.  
"I am not many human women."  Then she balled her 
fist and punched him squarely in the jaw.  She turned 
and walked away.
	Rubbing his jaw, and smiling, he said to himself, 
"No, you're not, Lia."  He chuckled.  "I think we'll meet again.  
And soon."
