Archive-name: Family/dunning.txt
Archive-author: Janet L. Dunning
Archive-title: My Brother


     I didn't come from a rich family. As it turns out, I did come from 
a horny family.
     It was mid-February of 1989, a month after  my  twenty-third
birthday. I had come to New York for a vacation. I'd just spent the 
twelve months since getting my B.A. by earning my Masters. As with my 
first four years of college, I had supplemented a very small scholarship 
with very large loans and whatever part-time work I could find, usually 
word-processing.
     Unlike my first four years of college, I hadn't had a man more than 
once in twelve months, and that was essentially a "mercy fuck" provided 
during a brief visit by my former steady. A four-night fling with a 
young Puerto Rican co-ed in my dorm had been diverting, but not fully 
satisfying. And, of course, with the threat of AIDS all over the place, 
I had long since given up the stunts of my freshman year.
     Some folks look at me and are little surprised by that "mercy fuck" 
business. "But, Janet," they protest, "you're really cute and sexy! You 
can get any guy you want!"
     The problem is, there aren't that many to want.
     Want to bet? Eliminate: drug- and alcohol-abusers; the witless; the 
inconsiderate; the ones whose idea of foreplay is "Yo! Bitch! Suck!"; 
the ones who want to own you and occasionally smack you around ... Well, 
you cut down the available ones pretty damn fast. 
     Then eliminate the ones who are strictly gay or frighteningly 
promiscuous, whether straight or bisexual. Next, skip the fools who 
won't even talk about Safe Sex. Finally, cross out the ones who are in a 
committed relationship (whether they want to fool around is not the 
point; if they don't, you can't have them and if they do, you don't want 
the SOBs).
     And, finally, they had to be willing to put up with the kind of 
schedule I had and be at least as bright as me. (Modest, eh?)
     Net effect -- one "mercy fuck" in twelve months.
     "But, Janet," they protest, et cetera.
     By the time I picked up my bags at Newark Airport, I was one very, 
very horny woman. And tired and cranky. The bus from Ann Arbor (where I 
took my Masters) to Detroit Metro had been delayed in traffic and 
despite allowing a three-hour cushion, I'd barely made my flight. And 
then sat in the damn jet on the runway for forty-five minutes. Since 
smoking was a capital offense in the bus, the jet and both airports, I 
was itchy from nicotine deprivation. (So, I'm not that bright, after 
all.)
     I collected my bags and got cleared by the bored security creature 
checking claim-checks against luggage tags and made for the exit and the 
buses (no smoking, naturally) into Manhattan. At least while waiting for 
the bus I could grab a smoke -- or ten, figuring my luck so far in 
traveling. Nothing like a cold, rainy Thursday in Newark Airport to put 
you in a good frame of mind.
     Just inside the revolving doors opening to the vehicle ramp stood a 
tall, uniformed black-skinned man holding up a piece of shirtboard 
inscribed with "Janet L. Dunning."
     "I'm her." I showed him my ticket with my name on it.
     "Your brother sent a car to meet you," he said. (Actually, what he 
said in heavily accented English was, "Your brothah send de car to 
meeeet you." But his West Indian or Haitian accent didn't make him at 
all difficult to understand.) 
     "Oh!" I was pleasantly surprised. 
     "If you'll wait here, I bring it to the door."
     "I'll be outside." He looked puzzled. "Smoking," I added somewhat 
petulantly.
     He nodded and grinned and carried the bags outside or me, then 
half-jogged down the sidewalk. I lit a More and sucked the smoke down, 
savoring it. My hands were shaking, and not just with the nicotine 
craving. It was damn cold out there and a freezing rain was falling.
     Less than ten minutes passed before a Lincoln Towne Car pulled up 
in front of me. My chauffeur hurried out, held the door for me, loaded 
my bags in the trunk and then we were away into the maze roads leading 
eventually out of Newark Airport and onto the Turnpike heading for New 
York. The rain and the lights in the night made it all a bit surreal.
     "Do you mind if I smoke?" 
     "Oh, no, ma'am." I could see white teeth flashing in the rearview 
mirror. "You just make yourself comfortable and unwind after that nasty 
flight."
     Which I did, especially after he pointed out that there was a very 
small, but adequately stocked little liquor cabinet, complete with ice 
bucket. The Towne Car may not have been a limousine, but I was not about 
to complain. 
     With the weather and traffic, we made good time -- about an hour to 
my brother's door. He owned a two-bedroom co-op in an old high-rise on 
Christopher Street. With a doorman, even. 
     My driver refused any tip -- "Your brother has already taken care 
of it, ma'am, but thank you just the same." -- and the doorman gave me 
the keys in a sealed envelope after putting my bags in the elevator for 
me. I read Pete's note during the slow ride up to the sixteenth floor.
     "A close friend has had some bad news -- a death in the family -- 
and I've gone over there. I'll be back by ten. Make yourself at home." 
It was signed with his initials and the friend's phone number.
     I'd never been to my brother's apartment before. Pete was almost 
fifteen years older than me. (I was what they call an "Oooops" baby; my 
next-oldest sibling, my sister Maureen, is twelve years older than I 
am.) He and I hadn't been particularly close, since he was away at 
college by the time I was four and was seldom home on vacations. Sure, 
we'd stayed in touch with cards and at the occasional family  get
togethers -- usually funerals and weddings -- but he was pretty much a 
loner. His address resurrected  my  curiosity  about  his  sexual
preferences.
     I found the light switches -- dimmers -- and explored. What I saw 
confirmed what I already knew: My brother the portfolio manager was 
making out quite nicely, in financial terms. 
     Nice living room, replete with all the electronic entertainment 
gear you'd expect, plus a couple of lovely walnut bookshelves, crammed 
with leather-bound volumes, flanked what appeared to be a working 
fireplace with a marble mantle. Nice. A pair of French windows opened 
onto a narrow terrace, but given the miserable weather, I figured I'd 
pass it up. There was a small dining room, a kitchen almost big enough 
for two grownups to stand in and a very nicely appointed bathroom with 
three doors. 
     I went back into the living room and opened the other two doors. 
Behind the first was what was obviously my brother's bedroom, nicely but 
not lavishly appointed -- though I did note the bed was king-sized and 
looked to be a flotation bed of some flavor. Another pair of French 
doors opened off what I assumed to be a continuation of the terrace.
     The other door opened onto what I'd expected to be the second 
bedroom. Maybe it was planned that way, but now it was a small home 
office, equipped with a stereo, a small television (topped by a cable TV 
convertor) and what looked like a custom-built computer workstation. No 
sign of a bed.
     I tried the lone other door in the room, hoping for a Murphy bed, 
and found myself in a comfortably sized bathroom from which a second 
door opened back into his bedroom.
     And just where did my big brother plan to have me sleep?
     I sighed and resigned myself to a hot bath and a change of clothes 
and waiting for his return. I gave his workstation the once over and 
went back to the living room. I inspected the curved, modular sofa more 
closely and realized it had a pullout section in it. Question answered.
     I pulled out a change of clothes and my toiletry kit and stowed my 
bags next to the entry foyer's closet, then went into the bathroom 
through his bedroom and drew a hot bath. There was a small bottle of 
scented bath oil -- lavender -- near the tub and again I wondered about 
my brother's sexual preferences. I stripped as the bathroom filled with 
steam and automatically gave myself the once-over. 
     I looked like hell. My hair was a mess, my eyes were red-rimmed and 
tired and my posture was terrible: roundshouldered and slouching.
     "Perk up, woman!" I ordered my reflection.
     "Blow it out of your ass!" my reflection growled back.
     I turned off the taps and stepped gingerly into the tub. The water 
was almost too hot, so I lowered myself slowly. It was a full-size tub, 
so at five-foot-four, I could stretch my legs comfortably and settle 
slowly till just the tips of my breasts were visible. 
     I just lay there, wallowing in sybaritic pleasure, for about 
fifteen minutes. The hot water was slowly relaxing me and I was starting 
to feel better. Better enough to let my hands get frisky and start 
toying with my nipples.
     I've got somewhat strange nipples. They're rather broad -- maybe an 
inch and a half across -- and when they're excited, the whole things 
swell up till they're about size and hardness of half of a walnut shell. 
I like having them licked, sucked and caressed -- who doesn't? -- but 
also really get off on having them squeezed, nibbled and even lightly 
bitten. During my lesbian interlude I discovered that I could even cum 
just by having them properly toyed with.
     Before long, I was playing with my nipples with one hand and my 
pussy with the other. And my imagination was running amok, starting with 
my favorite fantasies and wandering off into the truly outrageous. I got 
myself a nice, medium-weight (for masturbation) orgasm finally while I 
imagined myself sixty-nining with one well-hung stud while another did 
me doggy-style. All of us came simultaneously, of course, and the fella 
licking me was as good as Tina, my lesbian interlude. 
     My fantasizing about having not one, but two well-hung guys was 
somewhat amusing. For one thing, I tend to be rather tight and have 
usually been uncomfortable with big dicks (defined as anything longer 
than seven inches or too fat to close my fingers around). There have 
been a couple of exceptions, the most notable one being the ex-lover (he 
of the "mercy fuck"). Jack was positively huge -- something like nine 
inches long and much too thick for me to close my fingers around. But 
Jack, unlike a lot of well-hung men, was sensitive to my needs and 
responses and positively loved foreplay. By the time he was wedging his 
big dick into me, I was aching for it. And he usually took his time, 
too, which meant that when he did push that last inch home, I could 
just... barely ... take it.
     Find two guys like Jack? I figured the odds were slim to none. And 
would I really want to be with more than one at once? Well, sure -- if 
they could be like they were in the fantasy.
     I shook myself from my daydreaming. Quickly and efficiently, I 
soaped and rinsed and climbed out of the tub. I opened the drain and as 
the water swirled away, I look for the shower to rinse any residue away.
     What I found was a hand-held stainless steel thing, about eight 
inches long and shaped for all the world like one of those cheap plastic 
vibrators. I figured out the shower controls and turned it on. There 
were an infinite range of water jets available, from pulse like an 
ejaculating penis to spew like hose, with another setting for a needle 
like shower spray. 
     This, I thought, would be a hell of a lot of fun for masturbating 
and douching at the same time. And again, I wondered at my brother's 
sexuality.
     I rinsed the tub, dried and pulled on the only robe handy, a long 
terrycloth velour job that felt all snuggly and cozy. The waist was much 
too high for me, of course -- Pete is almost six-feet-two -- so I pulled 
the sash from the loops an refastened it lower, around my real waist. I 
automatically tied it tight enough for my 20-inch waist. Didja hear me? 
I said TWENTY-INCH WAIST.
     Yes, I am proud of it. I have always watched my diet and worked 
hard at the gym or health club, no matter how busy I am or how tired. My 
face is okay, but I'm never going to be on the cover of MIRABELLA. I 
know that my figure is my best asset and work on keeping that asset in 
shape. WIth 33-inch hips, a 20-inch waist and wearing (only optionally!) 
a 34-c bra, I am capable of dressing to kill. And I haven't  even
mentioned that I have got rather gorgeous legs, if I say so myself.
     I checked myself in the mirror and  discovered  that  posing
carelessly made the robe part enough to give a rather good view of most 
of one strange-nippled tit. 
     Just as I was laying out the clothes I planned to wear, I heard a 
key turn in the lock and then the door opened. Pete.
     "Hey, Jan-Jan?" he called softly, the name he'd always used on me 
when I was a little kid. 
     "Petey!" I flung myself at him impulsively and hugged him close and 
gave him a big wet smackeroo. He stiffened, then softened and gently let 
me to the floor. We stood like that for a few moments, him with his arms 
around my shoulders and me with my arms around the wet raincoat her was 
wearing, upon which he remarked momentarily. 
     I looked up at him and grinned. There were a few laugh line around 
the eyes and some weariness in the set of his lips,  but  it  was
unmistakably Pete and he looked good, if sad. 
     "I'm sorry I couldn't meet you myself," he said.
     "How's your friend?"
     "Pretty broken up."
     "Sudden?"
     Pete took off his raincoat and hung it in the tub to drip dry. "Not 
at all. Everyone knew it was coming."
     He came out of the bathroom and saw my curiosity. "AIDS-Related 
Complex." He slipped out of his wet shoes, bending easily at the waist 
in his jeans and sweater. "We were all hoping the AZT would keep Jeff 
going until something could be done, but -- " He straightened. "Part of 
Marty's shock, I think, is that he hadn't been dealing with the reality 
and this is about as real as it gets."
     "And Marty -- ?"
     "Oh, sure, he has the virus, too."
     I had to ask. "Anyone else?"
     He frowned, studying my face. I'd never realized how pale and gray 
his eyes were. 
     Then: "Oh, me! No, no, I tested nega -- " Then it really hit him. 
"Jan-Jan, I'm not gay, if that's what you're wondering. Not even bi." He 
gave me the once-over. "And if you don't close that robe, you're going 
to make this a very uncomfortable visit."
     I giggled. Mind you -- I do not giggle. I laugh, I chortle, I 
chuckle, I even guffaw (especially at a good lawyer joke), but I do not 
giggle. 
     But when my older brother told me I was turning him on, I giggled.
     "Are you hungry?"
     Now that he asked, I realized I was famished and said so.
     "Give me ten minutes to wash up and change," he said, "and we can 
go for any food you like. Preference?"
     Even though we hadn't spent more than 30 hours, total, in each 
other's presence in the last four years, I could read him like a book. 
The enthusiasm was forced, the energy was faked. He was tired and 
drained. A long day that ended with a few hours spent consoling a friend 
who'd just lost a lover -- yes, that'll take the starch out of you.
     And, to tell the truth, I didn't feel like bouncing around in the 
rotten weather, either.
     "Well?"
     "My preference is 'delivered,'" I said. "As in, 'Please deliver to 
this address.'"
     "Oh, c'mon. Are you trying to tell me that after all the traveling 
to get here, you just want to sit around and vegetate?"
     "Tonight I do."
     He shrugged and I realized that beneath the loose sweater, my 
brother had some serious set of shoulders. "Suits me. Hold on a min'." 
He stepped into the kitchenette (note the diminutive). I heard a drawer 
open and close and paper rustling. He handed me about a dozen sheafs. 
"These all deliver."
     I looked through them: Four flavors of Chinese (including Comidas 
Cubanos Y Chinese), Indonesian, Vietnamese, Indian, Italian, Filipino, 
Burgers, Pizza -- Armenian???
     "Uh, Chinese."
     "Mandarin, Szechuan, Cantonese -- "
     "Szechuan."
     "Good deal.  What'll it be?"
     "Oh, you surprise me while I change."
     Pete went to the phone while I took my new selection of evening 
clothes -- a flannel nightgown and a dressing robe -- into the bathroom. 
When I reappeared, Pete was stacking some kindling and logs in the 
fireplace. 
     We opened a bottle of red wine and started sipping it while he 
started the fire and showed me how to operate his home entertainment 
conglomeroid. He told me to pick any music I liked, as long as it wasn't 
disco or LITE-FM. I toured the dial until I heard something vaguely 
familiar.
     "How's this?'
     "Great! Sounds like Alan Stivell with his Celtic harp."
     It turned out that we had largely the same tastes in music, though 
not in reading. I usually avoided fiction, but Pete devoured  it,
especially mysteries. Also, I loved watching football (a prerequisite 
for admission at Ann Arbor), while he deplored it; he was a hockey and 
baseball fan. 
     We talked a little about his work and my planned career and pretty 
soon were well into a fairly intense discussion. Well, okay -- an 
argument. I had taken a Masters in Social Work because I wanted to help 
people. Pete felt that manipulating his portfolios to produce wealth, he 
could do more good more for more people. I was about to point out that 
my career was going to be helping the "less" -- the ones that fell 
through the cracks in his system -- when the doorbell rang.
     I have never seen so much Chinese food in my life. Two shopping 
bags.
     "What did you order -- company?"
     Pete laughed. "One of everything, The leftovers  go  in  the
refrigerator and get microwaved for snacks as wished." He was madly 
opening containers as he spoke. The room was filled with eau d'szechuan. 
I was drooling. 
     "I'll get plates and forks -- "
     "You'll do no such thing! There are traditions to observe. In New 
York, when you eat take-out, you eat it out of the containers and you 
eat it with the crummy little chopsticks they send."
     "I don't know how to use them. I'll starve!"
     "I'll teach you," he promised and opened another bottle of wine. I 
hadn't realized we'd killed the first bottle already. 
     We sat Indian-fashion in front of the fire, surrounded by opened 
containers of Chinese food. The wind moaned outside and sleet beat at 
the windows and we continued or argument until we agreed to disagree. I 
asked him how his love life was.
     "Virtually nonexistent."
     I stared at him in surprise. He'd been keeping steady company with 
a young woman, a lawyer, for a couple of years. I half-expected them to 
get engaged at any moment. "But what about, uh, Elaine?"
     "Emmy," he corrected. He reached into the pocket of his cardigan 
and withdrew a pipe and a pouch. "Well, we got along fine in every way 
but one, but..." He shrugged and began packing the pipe. "That one 
managed to ruin everything else."
     "I'm sorry. Do you want to talk about it?"
     "Not really. Can't do anything about it, anyway." He lit his pipe, 
puffing slowly. 
     I'd never met her, but I'd seen her picture and heard the love in 
his voice when he spoke of her. Emmy was of Japanese descent and Emmy 
was a knockout. Classy. sexy and exotic, all wrapped up in one. And from 
what he'd said of her, she was smart, sweet and tough. There'd never 
been a hint of any problem.
     But if he didn't want to talk about, I figured -- 
     "And how about you, Jan-Jan. How's your love life?"
     "Between working five hours a day, studying five hours a day and 
cramming five semesters' credits into one -- "
     "What love life?"
     We laughed.
     "I was kind of hoping to meet some nice guys here," I hinted 
subtle.
     "Good luck."
     "Hey!' I smacked him on the arm. It was like smacking a side of 
beef. "I was counting on my big brother to help me out!"
     "If you weren't my sister, I would." He leered suggestively. "As it 
is, though, I wouldn't trust my friends with you and I wouldn't trust 
anyone but a friend with you."
     "What's the matter with your friends?"
     "They're either gay or married -- some are both -- or in the same 
business I am."
     "Don't you have any eligible friend who aren't in one of those 
gloops -- groups?" The wine was hitting me, now -- hard.
     "Not unless you're into women."
     "Not regularly," I blurted, then felt my face redden.
     "Oh-hooooo...." He refilled my glass. "Give."
     I let him -- and the wine -- coax it out of me. About Tina making 
her gentle pass in the shower. About impulsively encouraging her. About 
discovering I could really enjoy being with a woman. About discovering I 
did not enjoy having a possessive woman as a lover any more than I liked 
a possessive man.
     "Well, stud, did that turn you on?"
     He whistled. "Jan, I wasn't horny before -- just deprived -- but 
now I'm horny."
     I looked down at his lap. "Hey, Petey, is that a tree in your 
pocket or do you like the show-and-tell?"
     He blushed -- something I'd never have imagined possible -- and 
made a great show of closing up the containers containing uneaten food. 
"We better put these away before they spoil."
     I struggled unsteadily to my feet and carried a few cartons to the 
kitchenette. While he stored them, I went for more. As I bent, I lost my 
balance and tumbled. I wasn't hurt, of course, but Pete was right there 
checking me. As soon as he was sure I was okay, he turned away and 
hurried back to the kitchen.
     I realized then that in falling, my robe had opened and my tits 
were clearly visible through the thin flannel nightgown -- especially, 
my nipples. They were huge and hard as that lump of wood he had in his 
pants. 
     Pete opened the pullout for me and gave me dibs on the bathroom. 
When I emerged, he gave me a little peck on the cheek and disappeared 
into his home office, a cup of hot herb tea in one hand. I toppled into 
the pullout and fell asleep fast ...
     ... and wet.
     I had incredibly erotic dreams. Two well-hung studs, then a horse-
hung man and a gorgeous woman, both nibbling my tits and fingering my 
pussy. I awoke to find one hand pinching my nipple and the other between 
my thighs.
     I also had a full bladder.
     I struggled up out of the bed. The rain had stopped and the low 
clouds reflected the city light in through the French doors, giving 
sufficient illumination to find my way to the bathroom. I did  my
business and noticed the door to Pete's bedroom was open just a crack. I 
looked through. He was sprawled naked, on his belly and even in the dim 
light I could see the silhouette of his muscular back and gorgeous buns.
     That Emmy is a goddam fool, I thought, and went back to my pullout 
and collapsed.
                                  * * *

     I sat up suddenly, wide awake and not knowing why, except  I
regretted sitting up suddenly. My stomach and head told me to regret it. 
I had to put both feet on the floor to stop the room's rocking. It took 
me about thirty seconds to orient and place myself. Right -- Pete's 
place. 
     I had the place to myself. The clock in the kitchenette said it was 
almost noon. I couldn't believe how long I'd slept. Pete had left a note 
on the refrigerator door on a piece of memo paper bearing the legend 
"DON'T TELL ME WHAT KIND OF DAY TO HAVE!"
              Want to double for dinner with Arlene and 
              her brother, Martin (Arlene says he's a 
              "hunk.")? Call me at office before five 
              and let me know. 
     Was it really necessary for him to mention food?
     I found the coffee and figured out how to operate his Nuclear-
Powered Faster-Than-Light coffee pot. While I waited for salvation to 
brew, I forced myself to drink some orange juice and went into the 
bathroom to Take Care of Business. The hot shower helped some. The 
Excedrin helped more.
     Wearing Pete's robe, I padded into the kitchen and poured some of 
the salvation and sipped it as it was -- scalding and black. With both 
trembling hands I carried the mug into the living room and sat down to 
light a cigarette and recover.
     I kept flashing on Pete's naked butt in the bed and wondered if he 
and this "Arlene" were becoming an item, or  just  what  kind  of
relationship they had. 
     The coffee began to work and I decided that the vital signs were 
stabilizing enough to dress and clean up my pullout bed. The clouds 
outside were the color of a clam's shell, threatening snow. I found the 
remote control for the TV, but not the set, itself. Experimentally, I 
pressed the ON button. In the corner of the room, something hummed and a 
five-foot projection screen extruded itself down from the ceiling. The 
projector itself was under the coffee table. CNN came to life and a low 
murmur came from the stereo speakers. I fingered the volume control and 
found the Weather Channel. Yes, there was a winter weather advisory for 
later in the day. Dress warm, I told myself. I switched back to CNN and 
made my bed and changed my brother's robe for a pair of Chic jeans and a 
beige cashmere sweater over a sheer bra. CNN was reporting on the latest 
rumor of a hostage release in Beirut. 
     I poured another cup of coffee and examined my brother's home 
entertainment section. Stereo receiver, cassette deck, CD player, VCR 
and some tapes. What tapes did my brother own? Classic detective fare, 
for the most part: Maltese Falcon; The Big Sleep; the original and 
remakes of Farewell, My Lovely. And some that surprised me: Amerika; 
Airplane; V; Say Amen, Somebody.
     There was a cabinet door. I opened it. Inside were more tapes.
     "Aha!"
     Yes, I'd found my brother's porn collection. I was a  little
disappointed. Don't get me wrong -- I'm not prude, by any stretch of the 
imagination or anything else. It's just that the few porn films I'd seen 
were boring, unimaginative and tasteless. The women always love to have 
the men cum on them rather than in them and inevitably love to lick up 
the cum. And they're always saying things like, "Oh, fuck me, baby!" I 
was a little disappointed that Pete bothered to buy low-grade anything.
     Still, I was curious about his taste. I didn't recognize any of the 
titles, so I picked one at random and shoved it into the VCR. The 
all-in-one remote control -- a Zenith, I think -- took charge and there 
was a flash of gray on the big screen, the usual stupid music and titles 
and then the action began -- immediately.
     A blonde entered an apartment. She took off her coat and entered 
the bedroom, where a redhead was sleeping. They kissed. Soon they were 
making out, then they got down to some serious sex. I liked it when they 
rubbed their nipples together. I was fascinated by the blonde's nipples. 
Her breasts were firm, not overly large -- and sported nipples that must 
have been almost an inch long. The redhead paid plenty of attention to 
them, too. It even looked like she was chewing on them. 
     I started rubbing my thighs together. By the time the two women had 
arranged themselves in the classic sixty-nine, I was pretty wet and knew 
I'd have to change my panties. I stood and stripped off my jeans and 
panties, then hit PAUSE to get a towel before I sat again on the leather 
modular. 
     When I let the action resume, I had one hand between my legs, 
playing with myself. The camera work was very good and crisp and the 
only sounds were those made by the two juicy women. They were either 
very good actresses or they were really getting into it, especially the 
redhead, who was on top. 
     When the blonde got a finger into her, the redhead went nuts. When 
I got a finger in me, I felt pretty decent, myself. When the redhead got 
a second finger, she started groaning. So did I. At the third finger, 
she stopped her licking and just gasped for more. I couldn't get a third 
finger into me, because I'm too tight, but I gasped anyhow. The blonde 
worked a fourth finger into the redhead and jammed all four into her 
partner right to the knuckles. The redhead's pretty pussy was really 
stretched and she was digging it, fucking up and down on the blonde's 
fingers. Then the blonde folded her thumb into her palm and started 
trying to work the whole thing in.
     No way, I thought. the redhead was slim and her cunt was already 
full. It would surely tear her apart. It had to be hurting. Was Pete 
into S&M?
     Then I saw the redhead kneel up straight and force herself down, 
impaling herself on the blonde's hand. I watched the woman's entire hand 
sink into the little pussy right to the wrist. The redhead started 
rolling and bobbing her hips, her smooth, firm ass working wildly. She 
was grabbing and pinching her own tits as she screamed and came, her 
hips bucking madly.
     She finally fell to one side and when the blonde pulled her hand 
out of her, the redhead's widespread legs jerked out straight and she 
shook and screamed again. Then she grabbed the blonde's hand and kissed 
it licked it wildly and rubbed it all over her breasts.
     At about which time, I came, too.
     The pair on the screen collapsed into a warm, cuddly embrace, which 
I envied. The screen faded and switched to a new scene. The blonde and a 
man entered  and sat on a couch. They started making out. Before long, 
her clothes were open and so were his pants. He was sucking those 
fabulous nipples and feeling her cunt. She pushed him back and bent to 
lick and suck the biggest cock I've ever seen. She couldn't get much of 
it in her mouth, but what she did get in there, she took good care of. 
Her hand jerked on his thick shaft. I was about to hit fast-forward when 
the couple froze at the sound of a key in their door. In walked the 
redhead. Look of horror and apology. After explaining that her date was 
a real asshole and she'd dumped him, she went into the bedroom. No 
problem, she was assured. 
     The guy seemed uncomfortable and unwilling to proceed. The blonde 
got more and more annoyed and finally summoned her roommate-cum-lover. 
"Tell him you don't mind, dammit!" "But I do mind!" "What?" "Because you 
should share him with me!" 
     Well, I thought, that's entertainment,
     The ensuing threesome was hot, if unbelievable -- I mean, there's 
no way a woman as sensual as that blonde could really enjoy have a cock 
that big rammed in her ass so hard that her tits shook...even if the 
redhead was eating her like mad.
     I stopped the tape and rewound it. I used a damp cloth to clean my 
wet pussy area and put on fresh panties and my Chics. As I replaced the 
tape in the cabinet and shut the doors, I told myself that I could 
understand why my brother liked it; it was hot and sexy, despite the 
lack of credibility with the fist-fucking and oversized sodomy. Oh, 
sure, I knew both existed, but fist-fucking had to be reserved for big 
babes who'd had a couple of kids. And as far as the back-door sex went 
-- well, I'd tried it a couple of times, but it always hurt too much. 
Guys just didn't seem to realize how sensitive that spot was. I'd always 
enjoyed it when Jack, with his usual care and consideration, had slid a 
finger up my butt while he ate me, but we didn't even dream of trying to 
get his big dick in there. And he was the only sex partner I'd ever 
known considerate enough to be trusted with my virginal little backside.
     Of course, a couple of girlfriends had confided enjoying butt-
reaming, but most made a face at the mention of it. 
     I was still a little disappointed in Pete's taste in porn, but it 
seemed to cover the normal male fantasies. And, while I couldn't imagine 
Pete doing it, I supposed that jerking off to a hot tape was safer than 
looking for pickups to fill in for a regular lover.
     The clock said two and I thought over the dinner proposition. It 
would be interesting and probably fun. I called Pete and he teased me 
about sleeping late and we made arrangements. He told me we'd be eating 
at the Metropolitan Cafe and I should dress to kill. I got the address 
and promised to be wearing man-killer attire and agreed to show up there 
at six-thirty, prepared to scope out Arlene.
     I took a cab up to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, not trusting the 
subways. I made a discovery -- it is idiocy to travel by surface vehicle 
through midtown during the day. It is also against the law to smoke in a 
cab; a little official sign said so.
     The show -- an Impressionist retrospective -- inside the Museum was 
almost as good as the show outside. A dozen pushcart vendors sold 
everything from hot dogs to falafel. A string quartet was performing on 
one side of the huge steps. On the other side, a juggler was working the 
crowd. Beggars were everywhere. A trio of boys were skateboarding on the 
sidewalk. A troupe of about twenty lovely Oriental high school girls 
were talking animatedly while piling onto a chartered bus. A tall, 
stunning woman with skin the color of ebony gave me directions to the 
subway, but suggested I take the bus.
     "The buses have special, reserved lanes," she explained when I told 
her of endless cab ride. "It will be much faster than you expect." She 
had a deep, throaty voice that sent shivers through me. 
     She'd told no lies. The bus zoomed down Fifth Avenue and finally 
deposited me at Eighth Street. I walked past the outdoor drug market 
that New Yorkers call Washington Square and across to my brother's 
building on Christopher Street with more than an hour to spare before 
our dinner appointment.
     I dressed with care. For some reason, I was more interested in 
getting a reaction from Pete than from the mystery Martin. 
     At six, I stood before the full-length mirror and gave myself a 
last once-over. My make-up was flawless, emphasizing my eyes and my lips 
-- my best facial features -- and my hair was combed over to one side, 
forming a chestnut cascade down to one shoulder. There, the wide neck of 
the black dress contrasted nicely with my winter-pale  skin.  The
decolletage was more implied than visible, but I knew that if I hunched 
my shoulders slightly, a tall man would get a glimpse almost down to my 
nipples. Which reminded me that I'd have to be careful, since without a 
bra, my nipples would be quite visible against the material if I got 
excited or cold. 
     The dress would have been too tight from the hips down, except that 
it was slit up the side from the hem -- just above the knee -- to mid-
thigh, exposing a goodly length of sheer, silver-pantyhose-clad leg. And 
with the high heels, it looked like more leg than there was.
     I posed for myself in the mirror and finally smiled seductively at 
myself and murmured, "Eat your heart out, Petey!"
     I took a cab to the restaurant, timing it so I'd be ten minutes 
late. I checked my coat and scarf at the door and found Pete and his two 
friends at the bar.
     The family resemblance was strong in Martin and Arlene. Both had 
pale skin and full lips and similar facial structure and they were about 
the same height, around five-foot-eight. There the resemblance ended. 
Martin had a nice little moustache, dirty blonde hair and was built 
lean, like a runner.
     Arlene was a silver-blonde sex bomb. She had lush, full lips, a 
whiskey-raspy voice and a body that was made for sex. She had huge 
breasts, at least 38-Ds, a solid, trim waist and voluptuous hips that 
tapered into long, strong, curvy legs. She was bubbling with life and 
somehow exuded sensual vitality. She was very animated and when she 
moved -- which was a lot -- she hardly bobbled at all. I figured she was 
about thirty years old.
     "You are gorgeous -- isn't she, Martin?" she bawled to her brother. 
We were waiting for the maitre d' to take us to our table. "You look so 
hot in that dress -- I'm jealous!"
     "You have nothing to be jealous of," I told her sincerely. "Every 
man in this room is looking at you and drooling."
     "Except the ones drooling over our brothers!" she hooted and we 
both laughed. We hit it off instantly.
     At our table, Arlene suggested that "you big, strong men" order a 
round of drinks while we "go off to the ladies' room to do some girl 
stuff." 
     Inside the sanctum sanctorum, we unlimbered our makeup bags for 
effect and instantly began trading information. She told me everything I 
didn't want to know about Martin -- he'd just broken up with yet another 
girlfriend; he seemed to get scared as soon as they got close -- and 
none of what I wanted to know about her and Pete.
     "We're friends," she said, touching up her lipstick.
     "Close friends?"
     "Sometimes more than others." She closed her lipstick and opened 
her compact. "And the way he's looking tonight..." She gave a little 
shiver. "Maybe you and Martin would like a nice moonlight walk for about 
eight or ten hours?"
     The way Pete was looking tonight in his Harris tweed jacket, with 
his broad shoulders and strong face, was yummy. I caught my reflection 
in the mirror and saw two huge bumps pressing my dress. 
     Then I caught Arlene staring at the same thing in the mirror. "I 
see you agree."
     "Traitors," I muttered.
     "Honey, you must be in some kind of shape to go braless with boobs 
that big."
     "Yeah, well, I work out a lot."
     "I guess so. Me, it doesn't matter how many exercise I do. After 
two kids, nothing keeps these gozongas up that high!" She laughed 
loudly. "Gravity is a bitch, ain't it?"
     "You have two kids? I don't believe it!"
     That was the signal for the pictures to get whipped out. A young 
son and a daughter -- with toddlers. "Who are they?"
     "My grandchildren. Aren't they dolls? They -- "
     "You're a grandmother? No way!"
     "I tell myself that alllll the time. But, I started young and the 
genes ran true. I was a grandmother by the time I hit thirty-four."
     I was stunned. "Arlene, will you mind if I ask how old you are?"
     "Thirty-eight all around. Hide it pretty good, do I?"
     "I figured thirty, maybe thirty-two, tops."
     "That's how I met Pete. We had some mutual friends and they threw a 
surprise double birthday bash for us."
     "Damn, you inspire me." 
     She gave me a quick peck on the cheek. "You're sweet -- and I think 
Martin is going to be annoyed that I'm keeping you in here so long!"
     The food was delicious and the conversation was pleasant. Pete and 
Arlene exchanged good one-liners and laughed unselfconsciously. Martin 
made good conversation and was truly attentive -- a fine escort. But I 
kept finding my eyes drawn to my brother and I couldn't deny a twinge of 
envy for Arlene over the obvious closeness and ease between the two of 
them. 
     Martin, as it turned out, was something of a connoisseur of single-
cask cognacs, something my brother was just getting interested in. Pete 
asked him many questions and asked for some recommendations, which 
Martin supplied.
     By the time we'd finished the superb deserts, Martin had offered to 
stop by his place and pick up a bottle of one of his recommendations and 
bring it back to Pete's place. 
     "That's a great idea," Arlene chirped. "Janet, you go with him and 
make sure he doesn't get lost. We'll meet you at your brother's."
     "Yes, do that," Pete urged, giving me a very intense stare.
     "Uh, sure," I responded loquaciously.
     It was freezing and beginning to snow lightly. We got a cab quickly 
and Martin gallantly held the door for me. The cab was cold inside and I 
shivered. I didn't mind when Martin put his arm around my shoulders and 
drew me close. In fact, it felt nice. "Ninety-Fifth between Columbus and 
Amsterdam," he told the driver and we careened off into the snowy New 
York streets.
     Somewhere around Lincoln Center, I was starting to warm up, but I 
was really getting to like having Martin's arm around me. In fact, I 
liked it enough that when his lips brushed my cheek, I turned my face to 
him and we kissed. It felt good -- no pushing, no pressure, barely a 
light tickle of a very agile tongue against my lips. He didn't try to 
prolong it too much, either. A good sign. And he caressed the side of my 
face with his long-fingers -- also a good sign.
     It took about twenty minutes to reach his  apartment,  in  a
brownstone walk-up. By the time we got there, we'd kissed again, this 
time a bit more urgently and there was some serious tongue-play. 
     The hallway of his apartment building was carpeted and stairs had 
graceful curves that were no treat for a woman who didn't like high 
heels. I almost lost my balance, but he caught me easily with one arm 
that was surprisingly strong. 
     His apartment was small -- living room, bedroom and kitchen -- and 
overheated. The furnishings were all French Country. Yech. He suggested 
a cup of hot coffee before we returned to the ice age outside and that 
suited me. He took my coat and hung it up, gentlemanly to a fault, and 
we went into his kitchen. It was a serious kitchen. He had dreams of 
becoming a gourmet chef, he confessed, and loved to cook. He also made a 
production of simple coffee-making: Grinding the beans, boiling the 
water and -- Cripes, I suppose it should have been interesting, but I 
really didn't give a damn whether the coffee came from Kona or Michigan; 
I just wanted him to give me some so I could sit down and drink it. But 
I feigned interest out of politeness.
     And I accepted his offer of a spot of brandy to give it some 
fortification. 
     "In the living room," he said and I gratefully preceded him. He 
took a crystal decanter from a cabinet and splashed a generous helping 
of brandy into one cup and a few drops into the other.
     Only after I sipped the (admittedly, delicious) coffee did I 
realize which cup I had.
     "Sir, are you trying to get me drunk so you can take advantage of 
me?" I asked, setting the cup down.
     "Absolutely." He grinned charmingly. "In fact, I have been wanting 
to take advantage of you since you walked into the restaurant."
     "I'll have to think on that a bit," I replied. I rose and went to 
the bay window that was the best feature of the little apartment. 
Outside, the snow was falling faster and it looked lovely as it began to 
cling to the leafless branches of the trees in the back yards. 
     I heard a match flare and turned. He was lighting two candles. 
"Easier to see the snow this way," he said casually and turned out the 
ceiling light. Subtle as a brick, but he was right -- it was easier to 
see, and prettier. 
     He came and stood behind and slightly to one side of me. He arm 
went around my waist. There was something wonderfully sensual and 
knowing about his touch. His personality was too smooth for my taste, 
but even just putting his hand on my waist felt good. His lips brushed 
my face and without giving it a second's thought, I leaned my head back 
and turned into the kiss. It was a perfect kiss in every way -- just the 
right combination of sensuality and hunger. It was better than any kiss 
from Jack -- from anyone, in fact, except Tina. And that was part of 
what as so sexy about him. In some way, his touch was almost feminine.
     He broke off the kiss and murmured, "I love kissing you. You have 
such wonderful lips." He caressed my face and turned me to face him 
fully and kissed me on the mouth again, taking me into his arms.
     His hands moved lightly over my shoulders and back, my waist and 
hips. He held my butt and then caressed his way up my back again and ran 
his fingers over my neck and shoulders. He seemed to know exactly how I 
was going to want to be touched a split second before I knew it. A 
sudden rush of hunger went through me and I pressed myself fiercely 
against him for a moment, then drew back for a breath.
     "I want to kiss you everywhere," he whispered and began licking my 
throat and kissing my bare shoulders. "Let me love you." I felt his 
hands move on the back of my dress and then the zipper was coming down. 
I sighed as he lowered the dress enough to get at my nipples, which he 
licked, suckled and then nibbled exactly right. Ex-act-ly. I  was
shivering with lust by the time he had the dress to my waist.
     "Yes, everywhere," he crooned, his tongue moving over my belly as 
he crouched to work the dress lower.
     "Wait," I said, suddenly realizing that even if my legs  did
continue to hold me, the dress was going to be wrecked -- not to mention 
we were standing backlit by candles in front of an uncovered window and 
I still had the damn pantyhose to contend with.
     He kept licking and murmuring and reaching and I said, "Wait, 
dammit -- you're going to spoil it."
     He stood and lifted me in his arms. I was really surprised, since 
he was not that powerfully built. But t was somehow the perfect thing to 
do, because he swept me off  my feet physically as well as romantically. 
     He deposited me lightly on the four-poster, kissing me on the mouth 
again as he lowered me. I lifted my hips and wriggled to help the 
removal of the dress and then we both worked off my pantyhose and 
suddenly his mouth was on my thighs and his tongue was laving closer and 
closer to my drooling pussy. His hands kept moving all over me, up and 
down my legs, along the insides of my thighs, over my belly and up to my 
breasts. I was going to catch fire from the heat burning in me, the heat 
he kindled. Martin might not be a star in conversation, but he was 
definitely a star in bed.
     When his mouth covered my cunt, I came -- bang! Just like that. His 
tongue was everywhere, on my labia, my clitoris, inside my pussy. It was 
like a wonderful, warm, wet snake, always wiggling and slithering into 
me and on me. His hands came up under my ass and he squeezed my cheeks 
-- again, a split second before I realized that was what I was craving 
-- and he ate and licked me to orgasm after orgasm. He was as good as 
Tina, maybe better, and if not for his moustache, I would have sworn a 
woman was going down on me; he was that good.
     I kept cumming and cumming and finally had to push his head away. 
It was getting to be almost painfully intense. 
     I knelt quickly and began stripping off his clothes. They went into 
a heap on the floor. His body was smooth and lean and almost completely 
hairless. It might have been a boy's body and there was something in his 
moan when I kissed his nipples that reminded me of a woman.
     When his pants came off, the womanliness took a BIG step backward. 
So did the boyishness. His prick was big, really big -- bigger than 
Jack's, even. And it was as hard as a rock. 
     He bent and kissed me on the mouth. He held the kiss and kneeled on 
the bed and I put my arms around him. He bore me back onto the bed, 
riding me down onto the bedcovers. His cock felt like a baseball bat 
against my belly. We kept kissed and got all intertwined and when he 
moved against me it was just like one huge caress.
     He parted my thighs with his leg and then he reared above me and 
fit his cock against me. It was just so damn big that it almost scared 
me. 
     "Take it easy," I said. "I'm still sensitive down there."
     "Don't worry," he murmured into my ear. His hot  breath  was
punctuated by that inexhaustible tongue and I shivered. He pushed his 
dick and the head spread my wet, swollen cunt lips till they felt like 
they were going to rip. It was starting to hurt.
     "Please, e-easy!" I gasped.
     "The sooner it's in, the sooner you'll be used to it, baby." He 
kissed the side of my neck an pushed again. It really hurt this time, as 
bad as losing my cherry. 
     "Stop!" I demanded. "Stop it!" I tried to push him off me but he 
had me effectively pinned and kept pushing. My cunt was really starting 
to hurt.
     "It's going in..." he crooned.
     "STOP IT!" I screamed.
     He froze and looked at me with surprise. As if he hadn't heard me 
till I screamed.
     "Take it out, please!"
     "But -- but I'm so hot for you -- "
     "Let me suck you," I said as seductively as I could, mentally 
adding: I'll do anything to make you get that pig-sticker out of me.
     "I want to -- "
     "I'd love to suck you and swallow you," I purred. "Then later, 
it'll last longer!"
     "Whatever you like," he agreed and withdrew the Thing that was 
splitting my cunt open. I sighed in gratitude when it was out and 
quickly rolled from beneath him and pushed him onto his back.
     "Just lay there and let me do this," I whispered and got on all 
fours over him. 
     Cock-sucking is an art and I have always prided myself on my 
artistry. And I really do enjoy sucking off a guy who is appreciative 
and lets me do it my way. I even enjoy swallowing with the right guy. 
Almost gets me off. I could easily have gotten off and enjoyed sucking 
Martin's gorgeous cock and draining his obviously swollen balls, except 
that there was so damn much of it to suck. I mean, you need artistry to 
paint a mural, but you need a crew to paint a skyscraper.
     And that's what his cock was -- a sky-scraper. I put my hand around 
the base and wasn't even close to closing my fingers around it. I 
probably would have needed two more hands to grip the entire length.
     His dick was really beautiful. Smooth, except for a big, ropy vein, 
and it was perfectly formed. His glans was broad and velvety -- make 
that very broad. So broad that this broad could just barely get it into 
her mouth.
     I used my tongue and my lips and sucked on it, as I slowly jerked 
my hand around the base, so far, far away. Took his dick in till it hit 
the back of my throat, then sucked hard and tongued it as I pulled my 
mouth back. If his cock had been slender, I might have tried to take it 
all the way in, but it was too thick to even attempt it.
     I kept sucking him an reached down to cup his balls. They were as 
hard as rocks and twitching slightly. I knew he was close and I was 
starting to get into it, so I tried to prolong it. I took my mouth of 
his big dick and started licking up and down his shaft, then bent lower 
and licked his balls. He groaned and his hands began moving over my 
back. They felt as good any hands could feel.
     I brought my mouth back up and took him in my mouth again and he 
gasped as I resumed a gentle, almost teasing sucking.
     "I'm gonna cum soon!" he announced. "Gonna cum!"
     I started to back off, meaning to prolong it, but his hands went to 
my head and he forced me down over his cock. His hips shuddered and his 
prick swelled. I knew there was no stopping now, so I resumed full-power 
sucking.
     Then he jammed his hips up at me and that huge dick hit the back of 
my throat and erupted. I started to gag and tried to back off, but he 
held me there and kept fucking my mouth, filling it with his cock and 
cum. I began to choke on the stuff and some of it sputtered out of my 
nose. My stomach was convulsing and I was afraid I was going to throw 
up. I became frantic as he kept flooding me and choking me. I tried to 
wrench myself away but he had his fingers in my hair and would free me.
     So I squeezed his balls -- hard.
     He screamed in pain and threw me violently off the bed. I landed 
hard, winded, and sat their coughing and trying to spit out the cum 
while trying not to vomit. He lay there, curled up with his hands 
clutching between his legs, moaning and gasping and cursing me.
     I got to my feet and found my dress and shoes. He could keep the 
pantyhose, as far as I was concerned. I wiped my face with a damp 
washcloth and pulled the dress on. I stepped into my shoes and got my 
coat and bag.
     He was just starting to sit up as I got to the door  of  the
apartment.
     "You no-good bitch!" he cursed. "If you did me any permanent 
damage, I'll -- "
     "Un-fuck you!" I spat and slammed the door wide. I almost fell on 
the stars, twice, but I actually welcomed the frigid, snowy night air.
     There was a thin layer of snow and the way the stuff was falling, 
it wasn't going to be thin very long. There were absolutely now cars 
moving. I went to the corner -- Amsterdam Avenue -- and looked for a bus 
or cab. No buses in sight and all the cabs had passengers, off-duty 
signs or both. I saw someone up the block hail a an ostensibly off-duty 
cab and got the idea. 
     The next one came to me. "Where to?"
     I gave him the address. "Twenty bucks," he said.
     It had only cost ten on the meter coming up here, I said. 
     "Yeah, but I'm off-duty." He said it as if I were a dense hick. 
Well, I was a dense hick.
     "Oh. Gotcha." I got in and he waited till I forked over the twenty, 
then we zoomed off at what was certainly an unsafe speed on the snowy 
night-time streets.
     The night doorman didn't know me and gave me a dubious look when I 
identified myself. He insisted that he call upstairs first. When I 
glimpsed myself in the lobby mirror, I understood. I was disheveled and 
in disarray. I looked like a hooker after a bad trick. Half-right, I 
thought ruefully. 
     The doorman motioned to me. "I'm sorry, but I gotta be careful."
     "It's okay."
     He held the phone out to me. "He wants to talk to you."
     "Pete?"
     "Are you okay? What are you doing back here this soon?"
     "I'm not okay, which is why I'm back so soon. I'm sorry."
     "Well, come on up, Jan-Jan."
     I handed the doorman the phone and got into the elevator. Pete was 
wearing his robe, standing in the hallway. "Come on in, Jan-Jan." His 
arm felt so good and safe around me as he led me inside.
     Arlene was there and she was wearing an identical robe. Where had 
that come from? 
     I didn't get time to ask. Arlene was right on me, the concern 
evident in her face. "Baby, what happened to you? Are you hurt? Is 
Martin okay?"
     I felt the trembling rush over me. "What happened to me was Martin, 
and I'm not okay and neither is he."
     "Did he hurt you?" Pete asked. I had never heard quite that tone 
from him before and it scared me. 
     "I -- I -- "
     Arlene took my shoulders in her hands. "Pete, you go fix some hot 
coffee with a shot in it and let me take care of this. This is woman 
stuff." Her tone was brooking no nonsense.
     She led me into a very, very disheveled bed and sat me down. I 
started crying. "I'm sorry to ruin your evening, bu-bu-bu--" That was as 
far as I got. Arlene took me in her arms and let me cry on her shoulder 
while she petted and soothed me. 
     When I had most of it cried out, she said, "Now, you tell me 
exactly what happened."
     I really didn't want to, but she got it out of me bit-by-bit. 
     " -- and I finally got a cab to get me back here," I finished.
     "Listen, honey, you go in there and take a good, hot soak and I'll 
get your nightgown for you in a few minutes, okay?"
     I nodded. I felt like a little girl again, with Mommy making 
everything better. She helped me to the bathroom and took my dress and 
shoes from me. She stared at my hip and I looked down to see the big 
bruise already forming from where I'd landed on Martin's bedroom floor. 
Her eyes went flinty. She started the tub filling and then stepped 
outside.
     After about twenty minutes in the tub, there was a knock on the 
door. Arlene came in and helped me towel off and put a fluffy robe on 
me. "Where are all of these bathrobes coming from?" I asked.
     Arlene smiled broadly. "Pete has about nine of them, I think. He 
keeps getting them as Christmas presents. I gave him this one."
     In the living room, Pete was lighting his pipe. His hands were 
trembling. 
     "I feel responsible for introducing you to him," he said quietly. 
"I feel so bad -- "
     "Stop that," Arlene said sharply. "How could you know? Hell, if any 
one is responsible, it's me!"
     She turned to me and said, "Honey, please believe me -- I had no 
idea he was like that. I  knew  he  had  trouble  with  long-term
relationships, but I never suspected..." Her eyes got distant. "I should 
have suspected. A former girlfriend of his once called the house trying 
to find him and said all kinds of things about him, but I figured she 
was just mad and making them up because he'd dropped her. But now I 
wonder."
     "What kind of things?" Pete asked.
     She shook her head and gave me a cup of very strong coffee with 
enough brandy in it that my eyes watered from the fumes.
     "Give." It was a command.
     "Well, she said he was really into hurting people -- I thought she 
meant emotionally, at first -- but she said he really like hurting 
women, like tying them up and sticking it in their butts -- "
     I winced at the very idea.
     " -- and ramming it down their throats and just, just, fucking them 
till they hurt."
     Sounded about right to me.
     "Then why in hell would anyone stay with him?" Pete demanded.
     "Some women get off on being used like that, Pete."
     "No one I know," he said.
     "Want to bet?" she asked. "I'll bet that, oh, a third of the women 
you know like that stuff." 
     He was shocked. "You gotta be kidding me!"
     She shook her head. "Women talk about stuff, Pete. You'd  be
surprised how many like that."
     "Do you?"
     "Try it and I'll rip your balls off!"
     "Appropriate," he answered. "And there are guys who prey on them."
     "They're a good match," Arlene said. "Women who want to feel 
degraded belong with men who want to degrade them." She turned back to 
me. "But women who don't want that, when they're forced to have that --"
     "The word is 'rape,'" my brother said, and he said it like it was 
the most evil thing imaginable. He re-lit his pipe and from the way his 
hands wee shaking, I knew he was still in a rage.
     "More like assault," I said. "I really wanted him till he started 
to hurt me and then forced me."
     "Same thing."
     "How's the coffee, hon?" Arlene asked.
     "Strong. I'll be awake all night."
     "No, you won't; it's decaf."
     I tried to laugh. It was a little shaky. "Gee, it doesn't taste 
like decaf!" I chimed, miming the TV commercial. "Actually, I was pretty 
dense not to figure out that you guys were planning to, you know, spend 
the night."
     "We weren't sure, ourselves," Arlene said. "We waited till about an 
hour after we got here to see if you were really coming right back or if 
you and my no-good asshole former brother were going to be staying up 
there."
     Pete was blushing.
     "So we really just got started when the doorman rang us," Arlene 
continued. 
     I felt my face reddening. "Oh, shit," I said. "You guys didn't even 
get to have any fun."
     "Sure we did, honey," Arlene hooted, "we just didn't get to finish 
the fun!"
     "Arlene!" Pete snapped.
     "What's the matter? Do you think your little sister doesn't know 
you have a sex life?"
     "That's not the same as talking about it in front of her!"
     "Oh, stop it!" I said. "I'm not so little anymore!"
     "You can take my word for it," Arlene said. "She's grown up just 
fine!"
     "Arlene..." Pete growled.
     She was enjoying this. "I mean it! She got the tightest body I've 
ever seen and her nipples -- "
     I heard a cracking noise. Pete had bitten through the stem of his 
pipe.
     " -- and she has the sweetest little ass and -- "
     Pete grabbed a newspaper, stood and stalked into the kitchen -- 
holding the paper in front of him.
     "I am not returning until you stop this." His voice came from the 
dark kitchen.
     Arlene gave me a quizzical look.
     "Go ahead," I said.
     "Oh, is thinking about your widdle baby sister's beautiful big 
nipples and tight little bun-buns giving Pete a great, big nasty boner?"
     There was a choking noise from the kitchen and then a roar of 
laughter.
     "Alright!" he came back into the living room. Still holding the 
newspaper in front of him. "I surrender!" He fell heavily onto the 
modular across from Arlene and me.
     Arlene went and knelt next to him on the seat and kissed him. The 
kiss got sweaty. When her hand went into the front of his robe, his eyes 
popped opened and he stared at me, then forced her hand away. 
     "Stop it!" he said sharply.
     Arlene whispered something in his ear. The front of his robe grew 
like someone was pushing a tent-pole up from between his knees.
     "Oh, my my my," I said a bit groggily. There'd been a lot of brandy 
in now-empty cup, and it was hitting me. "Whatever did you say to get 
such an ousanding -- outstanding reaction?"
     "I told him -- "
     He groaned.
     "I told him I wanted to have you watch me swallow him right to the 
balls. I'm the only one who can do it." She was beaming proudly. "Would 
you like to see that?"
     "Dunno," I said.
     "I don't mind!" Arlene said.
     "What if I do?" Pete asked.
     "No one asked you," she said. "Why aren't you sure, honey?"
     "Might make me jealous," I said.
     "Well, I could take care of you, if you like. Would you like that, 
honey?"
     "Mmmmmm," I moaned, all the horniness and frustration building and 
oozing out of sore little cunt. 
     "Pete could watch," she suggested.
     "Pete will not watch," Pete announced. The flagpole was getting 
pretty damned imposing under that robe.
     On hands and knees, Arlene walked on the seats of the sectional to 
me. Her robe had loosened and was open. I could see down the front. She 
was wearing a bra that was filled to overflowing. I couldn't take my 
eyes off her breasts. She butted her head into my shoulder and then 
nuzzled her silver-blonde hair against the side of my neck. "Touch me," 
she said softly.
     I watched my own hands reach down the front of the robe and cup her 
breasts. They were firm and warm and weighty, even inside the bra. 
     "Feels so good, honey." She kissed my shoulder and my eyes half-
closed in pleasure. I felt so safe and warm and wanted and wanton with 
them here.
     Arlene knelt up next to me. I gave the sash a tug and the robe fell 
open. She wasn't wearing panties. Her bush was very blonde and very 
sparse. I undid the six little hook fasteners between those very full 
cups and pushed the bra open. Her breasts spilled out. They bobbled, but 
hardly sagged at all. Her nipples were surprisingly tiny, but hard, 
inviting.
     I lifted her huge tits and breathed on one small nipple. 
     "So sweet," Arlene hissed and kissed the top of my head. I leaned 
forward and took her nipple in my mouth and she groaned. I felt her 
shrug and then the robe was falling off her. My cunt was so juicy I 
thought I'd be able to hear it squish as I shifted my thighs. I put my 
hands on the outsides of her breasts and pushed them together until I 
could move my mouth just a little and licked each nipple in turn. 
     Arlene was shivering with lust and I could smell her arousal. She 
put her hands under my shoulders and urged me up beside her.
     "Watch, Pete," she said softly. My brother groaned. 
     She reached down and undid the knot in my sash. My robe fell open 
and I heard Pete suck in a breath. She pushed it of my shoulders and 
then we were both naked before my brother.
     "Those nipples!" she exclaimed, softly. Sue bent and fastened her 
lips over one and then the other. She paused and whispered. "Do you like 
it when they're bitten?"
     "Do it!" I pulled her mouth back to my nipple and groaned as her 
teeth closed lightly over it, her tongue flickering rapidly all over the 
oversized swelling. I felt the first little clutchings of a miniature 
orgasm rush through me. I reached down and cupped her breast -- as best 
I could -- and pinched her little nipple. She moved to my other breast 
and did it again and I slumped over her back as I came. It took an 
effort to straighten.
     When I did, she stood and led me to the carpet in front of the 
fireplace. "Pete," she said, "dim the lights."
     Like an automaton, my brother stood and went to  the  dimmer
switches. His robe opened partially, but I knew I was drunk when I 
looked between his legs. No way, I thought.
     Arlene laid me down on the carpet and began to make love to me. She 
adored my breasts until I came again, then lavished wonders upon my 
tummy and thighs and finally, began to worship between my legs. I 
reached over and tugged her thigh until she'd reversed herself and was 
straddling me. I looked up directly into her blonde cunt. Her inner lips 
were large and swollen, protruding beyond the outer lips. And her 
clitoris seemed very prominent. I reached up with both hands around her 
firm, ample ass and pulled her down onto my mouth. 
     I gave as good as I got, or at least, I tried to. Arlene licked my 
cunt lips seemingly for hours, soothing them, before she began lightly 
nibbling at my clitoris with her lips. Her arms were wrapped around my 
hips and clasping my ass. From time to time, she would shudder and groan 
into me and from time to time, I would lock my thighs around her head 
and just let rip with a furious orgasm.
     She looked up from between my legs and I heard her say, "Don't you 
dare waste that on your hand! Put it in me!"
     "But -- I -- "
     "Do it!" I cried. "Right now!"
     I resumed licking and sucking her, and she came again -- right up 
to the time I felt something Extremely Large and Warm pressing against 
her cunt and my mouth.
     Arlene raised her hips off me and I looked up. What my brother was 
putting against her vagina could only be described with one word:
     Cock.
     It was enormous. Had to be a mile long, I thought, or at least ten 
inches. And it was easily as thick as my wrist. He couldn't possibly get 
that into her. No way.
     Way.
     Pete fed his prick into Arlene slowly, inch after ponderous inch. I 
felt her groan into my cunt and then she was licking and sucking my clit 
like a mad woman. I could see her belly ripple as he inserted it, and 
when his balls finally were against her clitoris, I half expected to 
feel the head of his dick pop out of her mouth against my cunt.
     He sawed slowly in and out of her. Again and again, I felt his hard 
belly against my hands, which were still digging into her firm, abundant 
ass. I pulled her slowly down onto me as he reamed her cunt, down until 
his balls were brushing my forehead and I could just barely reach her 
clitoris with my tongue. I felt the weight of her breasts pressing 
against my tummy and the quick little shocks of pleasure that kept 
ripping through her voluptuous body.
     I let the tip of my tongue trace the underside of Pete's big prick 
and felt him tense -- and then resume his pillaging of Arlene's swampy 
cunt. When I arched, I could fasten my lips on her swollen clitoris and 
that set her off.
     "Ahhhhh -- fuck me!" she wailed and began flailing wildly atop me.
     Pete rammed into her like a piston ad then drove his dick deep and 
held it there. I was forced away from her clitoris by her writhing and 
his power, so I contented myself with flickering my tongue across his 
surging balls. I could feel my big brother cumming! His hips jerked and 
shuddered and the two of them came like gangbusters.
     I finally got my own cookies again, just thinking about  the
nastiness I was doing. And again, when Pete slowly drew his Arlene-
soaked, spermy dong out of her -- and I captured the spongy head in my 
mouth. I sucked hard and got a little dribble of semen for my efforts. 
Pete was moaning above me as he settled back on his heels  and  I
relinquished his dick.
     Arlene somehow summoned the energy to scramble around and take me 
in her arms. "Oh, honey, that was the most wonderful!" She gave me a big 
hug and then Pete was taking both of us in his arms and rolling us onto 
his broad chest as he lay back on the carpet. He kissed us both on the 
face about two hundred time, back and forth, while squeezing and hugging 
us. 
     "I can't believe we did that," he murmured. "I love you so much, 
Jan-Jan!"
     "I love you, too, Petey-Pete," I said and kissed his chin. "And I 
can't believe we did it, either!" I kissed Arlene's ear. "And I love 
you, too!"
     She raised her head and looked up at Pete. "Well?"
     "Oh, hell, I guess so."
     "Then say it," I urged.
     "I love you, too, Delly."
     "'Delly'?" I asked.
     She actually blushed. Pete started shaking. After a few seconds I 
realized he was laughing.
     "What's so damn funny?" Arlene demanded.
     "Well, now Janet knows what it's like to eat genuine New York 
deli."
                                  * * *

     So, that was about eight months ago. I ended up moving in with 
Pete. We sleep together, to use a stupid euphemism, all the time. 
     He finally confided the "one problem" between him and Emmy. You 
guessed it -- his penis is uncomfortably large for her. I can relate to 
that -- it's almost too big for me. It takes a long time and a lot of 
lovin' before I can open to it. And he tells me she's so small down 
there that she makes me seem like the Holland Tunnel. It's too bad, 
because they were really in love. Her loss -- and his.
     No, he doesn't want me to sleep with another guy here.
     Arlene -- well, Arlene is too proud and independent to tie herself 
down. Besides, she has a young son. She and Pete have something terribly 
special between them, made all the more special because they realize 
exactly what it is and what it isn't. Even with the closeness between 
Arlene and me and Pete and me, I know there's something even closer 
between Arlene and Pete. Yes, the three of us still get together at 
least once a week. 
     Martin is dead. No, don't get that look on your face. Pete and 
Arlene and I were together when it happened -- the police say  he
probably surprised a burglar.
     I had a job as a social case-worker with New York City, but I was 
one of the first laid off under the mayor's "austerity budget." Now I 
work through a temporary personnel agency as a word processor. The money 
is good. The work is boring. 
     Yes, I date other guys. There's one I think could become much more 
than a date. Special, if you know what I mean. Pete and I talked about 
it. He's a little jealous, but we both know I have to follow my heart. 
Sure, I had my tubes tied and we don't have to worry about producing any 
defective babies and we could probably go one like this forever -- but 
forever is defined as "until meeting Someone Special." In the end, I 
think he's really glad for me. 
     I won't tell him about Pete and me unless he asks me right out -- 
which he might. I think he suspects, but I don't think he objects. We'll 
see. 
     As you have gathered, I changed all the names -- mine, my brother's 
and Arlene's (but not her brother's, the prick). And no, I did not go to 
Ann Arbor. Right states and major, wrong school. Also some addresses. 
(But not her brother's, the prick. Should be a plague warning on his 
building.)
     I feel a little scared about having this out where folks can read 
it, but I know from studies I've read that incest isn't as uncommon as a 
lot of you may think it is. I think it's important to get stuff like 
this out in the open, in the light. I've seen people in my work and when 
I was an intern, in school, really fouled up from the guilt and hiding. 
The only way to stop that is to look it right in the eye and evaluate 
what's going on. Lock it up inside and it turns ugly and manifests 
itself in hurtful ways -- to yourself, to those you love ... You'd 
really freak out if you ever knew some of the case histories. Maybe this 
will help.
     At any rate, I feel better for having written it.
     Arlene finally confided that she and her brother (the prick) got it 
on a few times when they were kids and that he was insanely jealous when 
she stopped it because she wanted to go out with other guys. 
     Pete and Arlene know I wrote this. They agree with it. One of 
Arlene's best friends agreed to rewrite and edit it and put it where you 
could read it in a way none of us could ever be traced. Don't bother 
trying to get in touch with any of us through him. He just may be the 
most stubborn man I've ever met. (Not to mention, the best straight man. 
He's had the hots for Arlene for years. When he read my draft of this, 
he asked her -- like a fool -- "Why him and not me? What's he got that I 
haven't got?" She, of course, promptly replied, "A gorgeous bisexual 
sister, a six-figure income and ten inches!" And I wouldn't be surprised 
if the sap left that in the final version of this.)

                                  * * *

                                    -- prepared and posted via Friar Dave
                                       December 4, 1990



============================================================================
     For 99 percent of those who can read, this is a needless reminder, so I 
address this to the one percent.
     If you enjoyed this story and/or appreciate the time and effort I 
put into rewriting it, there's a simple way for you to quietly show that 
appreciation -- by acting as a responsible BBSer. That means:
     Don't let any minors read this;
     Don't send it to any BBS that wouldn't welcome it. (You may not 
agree with the SysOp's restriction on x-rated files or stories but that's 
the SysOp's perogative and as a guest/subscriber/user of his or her BBS, 
you are honor-bound to respect the stated restrictions);
     Don't change or modify the file name or the text itself; that's a 
cheat and we both know it.

On a personal note, I ask you not to remove either this afterward or my 
handle.

Thanks, in advance.
                                                                 -- F.D.
--
