





                      A-DIAL (Version 2.0) by Gerard Lane
          
               A-DIAL is  a sequential  auto-dialer used  to find  and
          record the  phone numbers  of  other  computers.    This  is
          similar to the program used in the movie "Wargames".
          
               Version 2.0  of A-DIAL  fixes some  bugs,  adds  a  few
          features, and  improves the  performance over  the  original
          A-DIAL.  A-DIAL requires a Hayes compatible modem and a CGA,
          EGA, or VGA to run.
          
               Using A-DIAL  is simple.   When you run the program you
          are presented  with a  series of  options.   To  toggle  the
          option  choices   press  the  <Space  Bar>,  or  accept  the
          currently displayed  option by  pressing  the  <Enter>  key.
          Press the  <Esc> key (at any option except the first one) to
          recycle A-DIAL  to the first option.  Pressing the <Esc> key
          at the first option returns you to DOS.
          
               The first  option is  the output device.  This is where
          A-DIAL stores  the phone  numbers it  finds.   You can store
          them on  a disk,  the printer,  or both.  If you choose disk
          you have the option of appending to or deleting the contents
          of the  file.   A-DIAL uses  the default  drive and  path to
          store the numbers in a file named NUMBERS.DAT.
          
               The next option is the modem speaker. You can set it to
          be either  on or  off.  Then you are asked how long you want
          the program  to wait  for a carrier after dialing.  This can
          be set for either 20 or 30 seconds.
          
               You then  have the  choice of  setting the baud rate to
          300, 1200, or 2400.  A-DIAL stores only numbers that connect
          at the  same baud  rate.   For example, if A-DIAL is set for
          1200 baud  and a  modem answers at 300 baud, A-DIAL does not
          store that number.
          
               The next option is the comm port.  Set this to COM1: or
          COM2: depending  on which  serial port  your modem is using.
          You then  have the option of setting A-DIAL to tone or pulse
          dial the modem.
          
               You are  now asked  to enter the starting phone number.
          Enter  the  number,  use  the  <Backspace>  key  to  correct
          mistakes, and  press <Enter>  to accept  the number.  If you
          want to  dial outside  your local  area, press  the <A>  key
          before you  enter the starting number.  You will be asked to
          enter the  area code.  Be careful; this could cost you a lot
          of money.
          
               Finally, you  are  asked  to  enter  the  ending  phone
          number.   Enter the  ending phone  number.   When you  press
          <Enter> to  accept the  number, A-DIAL begins the sequential
          auto-dialing mode.












          
               While A-DIAL  is in  the  dialing  mode,  pressing  the
          <Space Bar> causes  A-DIAL to  hang up  and sequence  to the
          next number.   Press  the <P>  key to  pause A-DIAL.  A-DIAL
          will hang  up and  wait for  any key  to be  pressed  before
          continuing. This  is useful when you want to temporarily use
          the phone  line for  another purpose.   Pressing the <S> key
          toggles the  modem speaker  on or  off.   This change  takes
          place when  the next  number is  dialed.  Pressing the <Esc>
          key causes  A-DIAL to  hang up  and abort the dialing of the
          remaining phone numbers.
          
               While in  the dialing  mode A-DIAL  reports the current
          phone number  being dialed,  the number of connections made,
          the  number  of  phone  numbers  dialed,  and  other  status
          information.
          
               A-DIAL has  a safety  feature  that  prevents  it  from
          dialing numbers that begin with 911, 411, 611, 853, 555, and
          a few  others.   If it  encounters one  of these, it rapidly
          sequences through them without dialing.
          
               After A-DIAL  finishes  dialing  all  the  numbers,  it
          displays a message to that effect and waits for you to press
          any key.   If the output device is the disk, the information
          about the  numbers found  will then  be scrolled  across the
          screen.
          
               The file  NUMBERS.DAT that  A-DIAL creates  is an ASCII
          file.   You can  view the contents of this file with the DOS
          type command or use a text editor.

