




  ллллллм ллллллм млллллм       ллллллм млллллм млллллм оллн млллллм млллллм
  ллмммлп ллмммлп ллмммм        ллмммлп ллмммлл ллмммм   лл  лл      ллмммм
  ллппплл ллппплл  пппплл       ллппплл ллппплл  пппплл  лл  лл       пппплл
  ллллллп ллллллп плллллп       ллллллп лл   лл плллллп оллн плллллп плллллп


                     Reprinted from the Pasco BBS Magazine

                              +   +   +   +   +

 Introduction

 The following is reprinted from the Pasco BBS Magazine's January 1993 to
 September 1993 issues.  The Pasco BBS Magazine is a free on-line monthly
 magazine mad available courtesy of the Board of Trade BBS (813) 862-4772.


                              +   +   +   +   +

 What is a BBS?

 If you mention to a friend, who is not into computers, that you call around
 to Bulletin Board Systems you will probably get a blank stare in return.  If
 that same friend looks to their dictionary to find out what a BBS or
 Bulletin Board System is, their search will come up empty.  So, just what is
 a BBS?

 An Electronic Bulletin Board System is simply a computer hooked up to phone
 lines.  People may call the computer if their own computer has a modem and
 communications software.  A modem is a device which allows computers to talk
 to each other over the telephone lines.  The right communications software
 can make the job of connecting to a BBS quite simple.

 Once one calls a BBS, a whole new world of information, services and fun
 opens up.  Bulletin Boards are one of the best places to get the latest in
 software for your PC, most of the time before you can get the programs
 through disk vendors.  Callers can also leave messages to people who call
 the board or discuss issues with computer users all over the world.  Many
 BBSes have games which you can play, sometimes against other callers.  Some
 boards offer unique services which cannot be obtained anywhere else.

 Bulletin Board Systems vary greatly, from the small hobbyist to the big
 software companies support boards, each BBS has it own feel and selection
 of features.  Most of the boards which users access are set up by hobbyists
 for their own enjoyment.  The system operator (Sysop for short) tries to
 have all the information you will need to get started posted somewhere on
 the board, but most are more than happy to answer any questions users might
 have.

                              +   +   +   +   +

 Calling a BBS for the First Time

 Long log-on questionnaires and call back verification may be the complaint
 of the veteran BBSer, but can you remember back to your first call to a BBS?
 It can be a little confusing, especially for the new computer user.
 Bulletin Boards do have a habit of assuming the user knows what to expect
 when calling.

 Many first time BBS callers are calling on their first PC, and are using the
 inexpensive communications software which came with the computer.  A friend
 has given them some BBS numbers, so they call.  They see some commands they
 don't understand and a bunch of jumble which seems to make little sense.
 The new caller never gave configuration of his computer and software for
 graphics a thought, and the software may not even support graphics to begin
 with.  Many potential users never call back and rely on disk vendors for
 Shareware.  Using a decent communication software package can make bulletin
 boards a much friendlier place to visit.

 Most of today's BBSes use ANSI or similar graphics.  The graphics are
 attractive, and great for games, but do slow down the transmission speed.
 If you are calling with a slow speed modem, this can cause a substantial
 slow-down.  One of the first questions which many BBS software programs ask
 when calling is if you want graphics.  Unfortunately, some BBS software
 programs default into graphics and some have no way to exit the graphic mode.
 This is a matter of preference, some people love graphics, other hate it.

 Now that you dialed the BBS number, and settled the graphics question, you
 should be at the welcoming or log-on screen.  The first screen generally
 gives information about the board itself.  BBS name, location, baud rates,
 available networks, or anything else the Sysop deems appropriate.  Then you
 are generally asked to give your name.  You should always use your real name
 when logging on to a bulletin board, even if the board does allow fictitious
 names (handles).  The Sysop has the responsibility and right to know who is
 accessing his BBS.  When you enter your name for the first time, the BBS
 software will ask if you have your name spelled correctly, or if you are a
 new user.  After selecting new user another screen, or screens, appear with
 information which the Sysop wants first time callers to know.  Normally,
 these screens contain things like welcoming comments, rules or where to find
 help.  You will then be asked if you want to register with the BBS.  If you
 answer yes, a questionnaire will follow.

 The new user questionnaires vary from board to board, but most ask for name,
 address and telephone number.  From there it depends on how the Sysop has
 set up his BBS software.  Some Sysops ask only a few pertinent questions,
 others have questionnaires which seem endless.  Again, always use real and
 accurate information when answering the questions.  The questions normally
 include a couple on setting up the BBS software for your use.  Things like
 page length, transfer protocol, or hot keys.  If you are not sure, use the
 recommended (default) settings.  What is selected can be changed later.
 After filling out the questionnaires most boards give limited access to the
 BBS until the verification process is completed.

 The verification process can take many forms.  Some Sysops will take the
 time to call by voice each and every caller to their board.  Other Sysops
 rely on the new caller ID technology and some force new callers into a call
 back verification.  In this day of caller ID, call-back verification seems
 like an awful lot of hassle to put the novice BBS caller through.  What
 happens is the BBS will log you off and try to call back at the number you
 entered during the questionnaire.  This way the Sysop knows that is a valid
 telephone number and that the information provided by the user is most
 likely accurate.  The problem is that many first time callers have trouble
 setting up their modem to answer the phone and are still looking at the
 manual when the verification call comes.  The call-back software has
 significantly improved, some can be activated from the keyboard.  Again, it
 is the Sysop's option which type of verification is used.

 On your first call to a BBS you will most likely have limited options.  Some
 boards will not allow file transfers and others will not allow anything
 until the user is verified and upgraded.  The Sysop only does this to
 protect himself, and his substantial investment.  It is the Sysops option on
 how much the unverified user can do on his board.

                              +   +   +   +   +

 The Main Menu

 After logging-on, or filling out the new user questionnaire, most BBSes have
 other screens before you actually reach the main menu.  Most bulletin
 boards have news updates.  Also things like the caller's statistics or
 advertising screens may be displayed before reaching the main menu.  All BBS
 software programs operate a little different, so you may have to go to sub-
 menus for some features.  One software program may automatically take the
 user through the bulletin menu before reaching the main menu, another may
 have sub-menus for messages or files.

 BBSes almost always have a sub menu for bulletins, after all they are called
 bulletin boards.  This is information which caller's can read on-line, and
 there are a limitless number of possible bulletins to select from.  Most
 Sysops have the board rules, general information, and help for new users.
 Other popular bulletins are BBS listings, top scores for on-line games and
 newsletters.  The bulletin menu is a good place for new users to spend some
 time, as many Sysops have informational bulletins on a variety of BBS
 related topics.

 Some BBSes have questionnaires or user polls which can be accessed through
 the main menu, however, it is not uncommon for a BBS not to offer any
 questionnaires.  Sometimes these questionnaires are set up for fun, or maybe
 the Sysop would like some specific information from the users.  Some typical
 examples would include questionnaires on what users like about BBSing or a
 poll on the next election.  Support boards may have a questionnaire on their
 product, so feedback to specific questions can be received.  If the BBS has
 subscription fees for membership, a questionnaire may be used for on-line
 credit card registration.

 Most systems allow callers to page the system operator for a chat.  If you
 have questions the Sysop may be available to talk to you on-line.  Most
 Sysops enjoy chatting with users, but it is considered good BBS etiquette
 not to ask questions which are answered fully elsewhere on the board.  You
 have nothing to lose by paging, at worse the Sysop will not be available.
 The main menu normally offers some utility functions, so the settings you
 are using can be re-configured if required.  Some boards have a command to
 list all the users.  All this leads to main reasons people call bulletin
 board systems in the first place.

                              +   +   +   +   +

 Messages, Conferences and Networks

 Unfortunately, a large percentage of today's bulletin board callers are not
 interested in reading messages.  They are more likely to be calling for files
 or to play on-line games.  However, the callers who have been at this awhile
 can remember when BBSes offered little else, and they still maintain an
 attraction for reading messages.  In the early days there was nothing called
 Shareware or the wide variety of game doors that are now available.  Yes, the
 BBS pioneers called primarily to talk to each other and to this day messages
 remain a major part of BBSing.

 In the simplest form, a message is left on a bulletin board system so another
 user may read it and reply.  A private message is left for just one person and
 no one else can read it.  It should be noted that you should never leave
 something in a message which you would be afraid to have someone else read, as
 there is no such thing as a truly private message.  Sysops can read messages
 or someone could download the message file, or capture file, and possibly read
 all messages.  Public messages are more fun, as everyone who accesses the
 system may read and maybe respond to the message.  Some systems may have quite
 a few messages and some messages may have been left some time ago, leaving a
 sort of system history.

 The problem with having numerous messages is that they may vary considerably
 as to topic, thus making the user have to wade through all the messages to
 find those which interest them.  This is how the idea of conferences came into
 being.  By having users enter messages in conferences, which pertain to a
 particular subject, all similar messages are grouped together.  BBSes may have
 a "for sale" conference, "teen" conference or "sports" conference.  This way
 the users know where to go for messages which interest them.  The problem is
 that once the messages are separated into all the different conferences, there
 may be very few messages in each conference.  This is what brought about the
 development of networks.

 By linking computers together by networks, a message on one system is "echoed"
 to other systems.  Bulletin boards may choose to have network conferences,
 which pertain to whatever subjects the Sysop feels the users will enjoy the
 most, so that messages originally left on more than one system may be read.
 This way the advantage of having specialized conferences is not hampered by
 having very few messages to read.  Another advantage of networks is that a
 user can leave a message on their local BBS for someone in another area, and
 thus avoid the long-distance telephone charges.  Some echo-mail networks are
 huge with thousands of systems all over the world.  But to be a network all it
 really takes is two BBSes and many networks start out this way.  Thousands of
 boards are calling each other, normally in the middle of the night, to
 transfer mail.  Most boards are "nodes" which call the particular network
 "hub," so messages can be received from a common place.  Larger networks may
 have "regional hubs" because the "network hub" could not handle all the
 systems calling each night.

                              +   +   +   +   +

 Files and Archives

 The one thing which has caused bulletin boards to become popular are files,
 and there is no doubt that the majority of today's BBS users are more
 interested in files than any other features.  What has caused the explosion in
 the number of available files on bulletin boards?  The success of Shareware
 more than anything else.

 Shareware is a new concept to many in the computer world who are used to
 buying software in a store, after just reading the packaging to decide which
 program to take a chance on.  Shareware is a revolutionary new marketing
 concept which encourages people to "try before they buy" any software.  If you
 like the program you are legally bound to pay a registration fee for continued
 use, if you don't like it just delete it and move on.  If you are looking for
 a typing tutor program download half a dozen, then decide which you like best
 and register that program only.  Try going into your local computer store and
 buying a bunch of programs to "try before you buy," and returning all but the
 one you like.  You will be laughed out of the store.  Not only does Shareware
 allow it, but authors encourage you to give copies of their programs to your
 friends.  And if all that is not enough, most Shareware registration fees are
 considerably cheaper than what the "shrink-wrap" software companies are asking
 for their products.  And yes, the quality of Shareware rivals any other form
 of distribution.  Why do software authors send out their programs all over the
 world for people to use free of charge?  Because a growing percentage of
 people are supporting the Shareware marketing concept and sending in
 registration fees.  Do to the success of Shareware, more and more authors are
 turning to distributing programs that way.  This is the primary reason for the
 explosion in the number of files in the BBS world.

 There are also Public Domain or Freeware programs which the users are not
 expected to pay anything at all for.  These programs may include small utility
 programs, informational text files or maybe something the program's author
 would just like to get some feedback on.  There are indeed hundreds of
 thousands of different files available on boards through out the county.

 The majority of the files found on bulletin boards are in the archive format,
 which always gives the novice BBS user problems with the first few downloads.
 Most people log on a board and download some great sounding program and cannot
 figure out how to get it to work.  This leads to more calls to the boards,
 reading bulletins or paging Sysops, in an attempt to find out how to use this
 file they cannot wait to try.  Since most bulletin boards use files with a
 .ZIP extension, users learn quickly about file compression.

 Why are almost all files on bulletins found in the archive format?  There are
 basically two reasons.  One reason is to compress the file's size, thus
 reducing the amount of time it takes to transfer the file via the modem
 connection.  The other reason is to group all the files necessary to operate
 the program under a single name, so the caller does not have to download a
 bunch of different files to get one program to run.  The .ZIP format archive
 is by far the most common in the BBS world, but there are others.  Most users
 quickly download the correct archive utility file, read the documentation and
 are on their way.

                              +   +   +   +   +

 File Transfers and Protocols

 The act of receiving a file from another computer through a modem connection
 is what is known as downloading.  The modem actually makes it possible for two
 computers to exchange information over a system of wires which was originally
 designed for voice.  Sending a file to another computer is called uploading.
 Even the most novice BBS user has most likely heard those terms.  However, it
 is never an easy question to answer when asked "how do I download?"  This is
 not to insinuate that the act of downloading is that complex of a maneuver,
 but that there are so many different bulletin board and communications
 software combinations available.  Each bulletin board software has its unique
 menus and series of commands to prepare the board for downloading.  The other
 side is that each communications software also has its own unique series of
 commands to prepare for receiving the file.

 The best thing to do may be to give a few tips to those who have not called
 around that much to bulletin boards.  Take some time to read over some of the
 documentation which came with your communications software, or if your program
 has decent on line help read some of that.  The most important thing is to
 have your communications software set up to match what the bulletin board
 software is using, however, that is not as complicated as it may sound.  In
 most cases just using the default, or suggested, settings will be enough to
 get you started.  You can always fine tune things to your own tastes as time
 goes own.  One thing to remember is to experiment, try different things on the
 board, you cannot hurt a BBS by hitting a few keys.

 When considering your settings, always make sure your file transfer protocol
 matches what the bulletin board will be sending the file with.  Most boards
 offer a selection of file transfer protocols which the caller can select from,
 as do most communications programs.  Here is a brief introduction to the more
 common transfer protocols.

 ASCII - This is often seen on BBS's protocol lists, which is an abbreviation
 for American Standard Code for Information Exchange.  There is no form of
 error detection available and usually only ASCII files can be sent in this
 way.  Some may say that this is not truly a transfer protocol, but it is still
 used in isolated cases.

 Xmodem (CRC) -  This may or may not be the most popular protocol in use today,
 as it is slowly being replaced by quicker and more reliable protocols.  Xmodem
 (CRC) sends files in blocks of 128 characters at a time and checks for errors
 using a sophisticated Cyclic Redundancy Check.

 Xmodem (Checksum) - Information is transferred in 128 byte blocks with a less
 reliable Checksum error correction method.

 1K Xmodem - This is a variation of Xmodem (CRC) that uses blocks that are 1
 Kilobyte (1024 bytes) in size.

 1K Xmodem/G -  This variation of Xmodem is meant for error-free channels such
 as error correcting modems or direct cable links between two computers.  It
 achieves great speed, however, it does not have error correction and if an
 error occurs the transfer is aborted.

 Ymodem (Batch) - This protocol is a variation on 1K Xmodem, which allows for
 multiple files to be sent per transfer.  While transferring files it uses the
 1024 byte block size and the CRC error correction method.

 Ymodem/G (Batch) - This protocol is a variation on Ymodem which achieves very
 high transfer rates by sending 1024 blocks without waiting for acknowledgment.
 There is no error correction and if an error occurs the transfer is aborted.

 Zmodem (Batch) - This advanced protocol is very fast, incredibly reliable and
 offers many features.  Zmodem can transfer files in a batch and can detect and
 recover from errors quickly.  The Zmodem Recovery feature can resume an
 interrupted transfer.

 HS/Link - This is a new protocol which is just beginning to be offered on some
 bulletin boards.  It is a high speed, single and bi-directional file transfer
 protocol with many advanced features.

                              +   +   +   +   +

 All About Doors

 When someone calls a BBS for the first time, there is a very good chance they
 have never heard the term "door" as it relates to bulletin boards.  The
 explanation of what a door is, however, is really quite simple.  There are a
 variety of doors on the market which have become quite popular.

 A door is actually a way to exit the bulletin board software and access a
 program which the system operator has made available to the callers.  The door
 is not actually something built into the BBS, but a program which the board
 must use externally.  The board may have to shell to DOS to use the door
 selected, but that is not always the case.  A door is a little customizing
 done on the part of the Sysop.

 Game doors have been immensely popular in the on-line community.  The variety
 of game doors available is huge with new ones coming out all the time.  The
 basic game door allows the player to play a game and post a score for other
 callers to try to beat.  There are also game doors which have an interactive
 feel by having players taking turns in a more complex game, however, turns are
 still taken one at a time.  If a BBS has more than one phone line it could
 offer game doors where callers can truly play a one-on-one game in real time.
 As with everything else in the computer world, the quality of these doors has
 improved dramatically over the last few years.

 Games are not the only type of program which a bulletin board may use doors to
 access.  Mail doors are found on a large percent of BBSs, especially if echo-
 mail is offered.  One nice feature of a mail door is it allows users to
 download new messages and read them off-line, thus, cutting down on the time
 of the call itself.  There are BBS lists, mailing lists and other utility type
 programs which have been designed to be used as a door.  Some BBS software
 programs allow the Sysop to operate almost any program as a door, so the
 possibilities are endless.

                              +   +   +   +   +

 Chatting, Paging and a Few Words

 One thing that happens on bulletins is the opportunity to "talk" with people
 live on-line.  There are various ways which you may type back and forth with
 another bulletin board user.  Just about every BBS software package on the
 market allows for talking with the Sysop which is better known as paging, or
 if the Sysop initiates the talk the Sysop Chat.  Boards with more than one
 phone line have the option of having chats with several users at one time.
 There are many utilities and doors available to enhance chatting, so this more
 interactive aspect of bulletin boards can have a different feel on different
 boards.  Talking in a live, real time mode is something that is quite popular
 on some boards.

 Just a few final thoughts on bulletin boards.  The BBS has not been around
 very long and even today only a very small percentage of the population knows
 much about this estimated one-half billion dollar industry.  However, bulletin
 boards have really grown up since the early days.  Back when this all started
 it was just a few programers, maybe tying together various utilities to make
 the thing workable.  The systems at the time where unstable compared to the
 software which has developed through the years.  In the past things like "BBS
 etiquette" seemed to be a really important topic.  If someone hung up on the
 board, without following the proper log-off procedures, it could lock up or
 possibly even damage the system.  Dropping carrier has little effect on most
 bulletin boards today, but is still considered rude.  Bulletin boards seem to
 have fewer rules today than in the past.  When was the last time you read the
 old "remember, you are calling someone's home" rule?  It has been estimated
 that there are almost 50,000 bulletin boards nationwide, so the competition
 for callers is intense.  Certainly every board needs some very explicit rules
 which must be followed, for example, no posting of pirated software.  I am not
 advocating that users abuse a system, more that I think the changes can only
 help the BBS world become more accessible to more people.

                              +   +   +   +   +

 The BBS Glossary

 Access - To use a BBS, as in accessing, or the amount you can use it, as in
 access level.

 ANSI - While actually an acronym for the American National Standards
 Institute, it refers to the widely used graphics on BBSs.

 Archive - A file which has been compressed, or at least stored, under a
 specific name.  This allows for faster transfer times and the grouping of
 related files.  Originally meant for files with an .ARC extension.

 ASCII - An acronym for American Standard Code for Information Interchange
 which is the most common format for text files.

 Batch - A group of files which is either downloaded or uploaded, commonly
 called a Batch File Transfer.

 Baud Rate - The speed of the modem connection, the higher the rate the faster
 data travels.

 Bulletin - Text which the Sysop has made available to users.  Bulletins may be
 informational or educational, give the high game scores, or whatever the
 Sysop deems appropriate.

 Bulletin Board System (BBS) - A computer hooked up to a modem so that other
 people can call and access information, files or games.

 Bits Per Second (BPS) - The rate data is transmitted through a modem
 connection.  Increases with the baud rate.

 Caller - Someone who accesses a bulletin board from a remote location.

 Capture - Saving text from BBS display to a file on the remote computer
 normally in ASCII format.

 Chat - The ability to communicate with users on other lines (or nodes).
 Callers can chat back and forth in a live conversation.

 Communications Software - Computer program which allows for easier calling of
 BBSs.  Some software packages have all kinds of advanced features, and many
 are quite easy to set-up.

 Compressed File - A file, or group of files, which have been reduced in size
 using compression utilities.  A compressed file uses less disk space and
 speeds up transfer times.

 Conference - A separate area on a BBS which is directed at specific topics.
 Conferences almost always have their own message base, and some have their own
 file directories or doors.

 Default - Refers to settings used by BBS or communications software.  Many
 times the preset configuration works fine, especially for new users.

 Door - A program with has been added onto the BBS, but is not part of the BBS
 software itself.  Sysops customize their board by adding game or utility type
 doors.

 Download - Receiving data from a BBS through the modem connection.  Downloads
 from BBSs are known as files.

 Drop Carrier - Hanging up on a BBS without following the proper log-off
 procedures.  Occasionally can happen on either end unintentionally.

 Echo Mail - Messages which go out over a BBS network.

 External Protocol - File transfer protocol which is not actually built into
 the particular BBS or communications software, but most be accessed
 externally.

 File - Data transferred through the modem connection for use on the receiving
 computer.  Files can be complete programs, informational text, graphic images
 or many other formats.

 Freeware - Software which is legally copyrighted, however, the author asks for
 no monetary compensation for the program.

 Internal Protocol - File transfer protocol which is built into the particular
 BBS or communications software.

 Line Noise - Static which can occur during a modem connection due to the fact
 that the telephone system was originally designed for voice.

 Local - Use of the BBS at it's physical location.  Typically, the Sysop
 accessing the BBS software directly.

 Log-on - Calling a BBS, and going through the most common procedure of giving
 name and password.

 Main Board - The primary conference on a BBS, and where the callers normally
 are when they first log-on.  Most general messages, files and doors should be
 found here.

 Message - Something left by a BBS user for others to read.  A message could be
 left for a single user, or for all users to read.

 Message Base - All messages left on a BBS, or more specifically the location
 of those messages.

 Modem - Device which allows computers to talk to each other over a system
 which originally designed for voice.

 Network - Different BBSs exchanging messages to increase the activity and
 diversity of the message base.  The echo mail network allows a user to leave a
 message on one BBS which can be read on BBS at a different location.  On some
 of the large networks a message can be read literally around the world.

 Node - Commonly used as the number of telephone lines hooked up to a BBS with
 each line being a node, but each BBS also has a local node.

 Password - A unique series of keyboard characters that a caller selects to
 access a BBS.  It should be kept confidential to prevent others from logging-
 on using your name.

 Paging - Requesting a live chat with the Sysop, who may answer the page if
 available.

 Private - Indicates a conference or message is not meant for all callers, and
 may refer to some BBSs which have restricted access.

 Protocol - Modems must use the same protocol to communicate during file
 transfers.  There are a growing number of protocols to choose from.

 Public - A conference, message or BBS which is open for any caller.  A public
 message can be read by all users.  A public board will have private messages
 and perhaps some private conferences, but generally access is available to
 all.

 Public Domain - Programs or files which are released free of charge with
 little restriction for use.

 Remote Computer - A computer which has connected to the BBS by modem.

 Script - A questionnaire set-up by the Sysop to get information from the
 caller.

 Security Level - Level of access given to a caller which determines what the
 caller may access on the BBS.  Users may require a higher security level to
 access certain conferences or files.

 Shareware - A method of software distribution which allows you to try before
 you buy.  Shareware can be used for a limited time without payment, but
 registration is required if the product is used past the evaluation period.

 Sysop - Short for System Operator, the person who operates the BBS.

 Transfer - The receiving or sending of a file with a BBS.

 Upload - Sending data, typically files, to a BBS through the modem connection.

 User - Originally meant to imply someone calling in the local mode, while
 those who access the BBS from a remote computer where know as callers.  Now
 commonly implies both callers and users.

 User Account - The record containing information for an individual user.
 Things like user name, password, address, the number of uploads and downloads,
 security level are typically found in the user account.

 Verification - Many BBSs have some way of verifying that the caller logging-on
 is actually who they say they are.  Caller ID, doors which call the user back,
 or calling all users by voice are common practices.

 Zip - The most common form of compressed file found on BBSs.

                              +   +   +   +   +

 (C)Copyright 1993  Richard Ziegler - All Rights Reserved

                             +   +   +   +   +