                       ---- Disclaimer ----
    All new and current users are required to read the following
notices.  If you are unwilling to abide by the terms of this bulletin,
then you should STOP using this BBS.  No one will receive access until
they have read and agree with this. DO NOT AGREE JUST TO GET ACCESS!
By using this system, you are showing your acknowledgment that you have
read and agreed to the terms and conditions described in this form.
This is a private system of the System Operator, Shadow Thief.  You are
only allowed access to this Bulletin Board System if you understand and
agree to the conditions of access which are listed below.
    You agree that no liability of any kind for any matters relating
directly or indirectly to your use, or the use of anyone else, whether
authorized or not, of this computer system, will impugn to the System
Operator, Shadow Thief.  You agree to hold harmless and to indemnify
the System Operator, Shadow Thief, from any action relating directly or
indirectly to matters relating to this computer system.
    You acknowledge that you have been expressly warned that files on
this bulletin board carry no warranty of any kind and may not work and
may even cause damage to your computer system if downloaded.  The
System Operator, Shadow Thief, makes no warranties, either express or
implied, with regards to software obtained from this system and hereby
disclaims any and all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness
for a particular purpose.  In no event will the system operator be
liable for incidental or consequential damages, including, but not
limited to, destruction of data or damage to your equipment.  The
System Operator, Shadow Thief, cannot be held responsible for the
software on this system.  All software is taken by you "as is" and you
assume the entire risk of any harm that might occur through your use of
this software.
    You acknowledge that messages may be offensive in content and agree
not to bring any action of any kind against either the System Operator,
Shadow Thief, or other users of the system as a result of the messages
and their content available on this system.  Some messages and files
are intended for users of 18 years of age or older, it is up to the
users sole disgression in the material you access on this system.  The
System Operator, Shadow Thief, Disclaims any responsibility for results
due to the accessing of this material by under aged users.
    You agree not to do anything on this computer that may damage the
computer hardware, software, or data files, or the system's operation
in any way at all.  Doing so will hold you liable for prossecution.
    All "private" mail to and from you is NOT PRIVATE and may be read
and passed on to third parties by the System Operator, Shadow Thief,
and his designated representatives if he so chooses.  All messages
become the property of the System Operator, Shadow Thief, and may not
be displayed elsewhere without his permission.
 
      Pursuant to the Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986 (18
      U.S.C. 2510 et seq.), notice is hereby given that there are no
      facilities provided by this system for sending or receiving truly
      private or confidential electronic communications.
 
The System Operator, Shadow Thief, can read all messages left on this
system, including "Private" messages addressed to persons other than
the System Operator, Shadow Thief, not normally available to other
users.  The System Operator, Shadow Thief, reserves the right to delete
any message, regardless of whether such message has been received by
its intended recipient(s).  The System Operator, Shadow Thief, also
reserves the right to change the status of a message designated
"Private" so that such message is public and available to all callers.
The status of a message may be changed whenever, in the sole discretion
of the System Operator, Shadow Thief, it is believed appropriate to do
so.  Your continued use of this BBS constitutes acceptance of the
System Operator's, Shadow Thief's, discretion in this regard.  Your
Sysop, Shadow Thief, will exercise the utmost discretion in this
regard and may generally change status of a message only when it is an
informational message, of value to other users, and really should not
be "private".
    The system operators reserve the right, without limitation, to
grant "Sysop" status to other persons.  Such persons have access to all
communications on this BBS and may have all rights of a System
Operator, including the ability to delete or change the status of
messages.
    You agree that the opinions expressed on this board do not
necessarily reflect the views of anyone other than the person posting
the message.
    You have no rights of access to this system and may find your
access restricted or removed and your messages censored or deleted at
the System Operator's, Shadow Thief's, absolute discretion.
    It is up to the users sole disgression as to what should be
uploaded, downloaded, and posted.  And in no event shall the System
Operator, Shadow Thief, be liable for your's or other's actions on this
system.
    You agree to these terms, conditions and policies.  All limitations
of liability are additive rather than exclusive in this message.
 
 NOTE:
  If you are, or have ever worked for ANY Law Enforcemant agency
OR ANY regulatory commision of any sort then you MUST leave the
SysOp feedback saying what company, agency, and what your purpose for
calling this BBS System is; OR If You Report To Any Regualatory
Agencies, OR Work For OR Report To Software Companies.
 
     Failure to do so would be construed as entrapment if any legal
     action is taken against the system operators at any time.
 
SUMMERY:
 
     I know alot of you might just have breezed threw this but you must
understand what is contained within this form.  Just to summerize the
whole thing: I WILL NOT under ANY situation hold the SysOp, Shadow
Thief, guilty of ANY actions taken place on this system, The Realm of
Mortal Fear.  You give up your right to prossecute by signing your name
at the bottom.  You also understand that "PRIVATE" mail is NOT PRIVATE!
You understand that Shadow Thief and any of the Co-SysOps may read your
email that you send or receive.  Now that you have read this BRIEF and
INCOMPLETE summery, make SURE you UNDERSTAND the ABOVE information.
Remember, once you sign this form, you give up all your legal rights of
prossecution towards the board, The Realm of Mortal Fear, and the
SysOp, Shadow Thief, of the board, The Realm of Mortal Fear.  ANYTHING
on this system is property of the System Operator, Shadow Thief.  You
have NO right to ANYTHING on the system and may find out that you can
not do anything while on-line.  The right to trade files and message is
a privilege and NOT a given right!  This privilege may be revoked at
ANY time WITHOUT REASON!
 
FINAL NOTE:
 
     Now that you UNDERSTAND the WHOLE form, you may now continue.  If
you're not sure of something, DO NOT SIGN YOUR NAME AT THE BOTTOM!!!
This is very important that you understand the WHOLE form and not parts
of it.  If you're not sure of something BACK SCROLL through the form
and find out what you don't understand.  If you do not agree with any
part of this form, then I advice you to hang up and NEVER call back.
Thank you for taking your time in reading ALL of this CAREFULLY!  Other
than that, have fun!
 
 
    Have you read the policy FULLY and do you UNDERSTAND AND AGREE with
    the contents within?  [Yes or No] 

