::::::::::::::
bbs-pr1.txt
::::::::::::::




                        ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                        ³ The Computer Bulletin Board ³
                        ³                             ³
                        ³  Guide to Public Relations  ³
                        ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

                                    Ver 1.6


                                          (c) 1993, 1994 Robert Parson


                                    NOTICE

              The Computer Bulletin Board Guide to Public Relations is 
         copyright and remains the property of Robert Parson.  You are 
         encouraged to use this guide to help publicize your BBS in 
         particular and to help improve the image of BBSs generally.  
         You are further encouraged to distribute this guide and 
         accompanying materials at your discretion.  However, all BBS- 
         PR files named in this guide must be included in your 
         distribution.  This guide may not be sold for profit without 
         prior approval of Robert Parson, although the cost of disk 
         duplication and postage may be charged.  NO WARRANTY IS MADE 
         OR IMPLIED.  NEITHER ROBERT PARSON OR APHELION PROMOTIONS ARE 
         LIABLE FOR DAMAGES CAUSED BY THE USE OF THIS GUIDE. 

                                 Robert Parson
                                 2501 Phoenix
                             Fort Smith, AR 72901
                             501 646 9332 (voice)

                                  Support BBS
                    Paradox of Arkansas (Fred Ayers Sysop)
                                 501 484 0944
                                 501 484 0944
                    Jackalope Junction (Steve Prado Sysop)
                                 501 785 5381
                       Internet r.parson@genie.geis.com
                                GEnie R.Parson
                               Fidonet 1:3822/1

























                               BBS-PR 1.6 FILES

                 The following files are part of BBS-PR16.ZIP:

              README.1ST          A brief introduction to what BBS-PR is 
                                  all about.
              FILE_ID.DIZ         Description of BBS-PR16.ZIP
              BBS-PR1.TXT         Part 1 of The Computer Bulletin Board 
                                  Guide to Public Relations.  The guide
                                  you are reading now.
              BBS-PR2.TXT         Part 2 of the Computer Bulletin 
                                  Board Guide to Public Relations
              BBS-SAMP.TXT        Sample News Releases and Survey
              PRODUCT.TXT         A questionnaire and discussion 
                                  designed to examine your BBS
              SURVEY.TXT          A survey the author would appreciate
                                  filled out and returned.
              PR-RATES.TXT        Private Consulting rates for
                                  individual BBSs by Aphelion
                                  Promotions.
              PRINT-PR.BAT        A printing utility to make 
                                  everything look nice and neat.

                                ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                                ³INTRODUCTION³
                                ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

              This guide came about because of my frustration caused 
         by the poor image BBSs have in the popular media; TV, Radio, 
         Newspaper and Magazine.  First, that image was tarnished by 
         stories of pirated software, then by stories of viruses and 
         most recently the rash of stories involving pedophiles using 
         BBSs to further their illegal activity (child pornography).

              This guide is not intended to be the final word on 
         public relations for BBSs.  Someone is always coming up with 
         a new idea or putting a new spin on an old one.  This is just 
         a basic guide with some general rules of thumb you can use to 
         enhance the image of your BBS.  Keep in mind that there will 
         likely be some things in here that you disagree with.  In 
         that case, I'd like you to write to me, state your case, and 
         maybe you can persuade me to see things differently.  

              In addition, I am not an attorney, cannot provide legal 
         advice, and this is not intended to be a legal guide.  I 
         strongly suggest you hire an attorney familiar with 
         Communications Law and First Amendment issues BEFORE you have 
         trouble.


















                                  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                                  ³CONTENTS³
                                  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


         Who "They" Are.........................................1
              The Public........................................1
              The Media.........................................2
         Finding the Media......................................2
              Newspaper.........................................3
              Television........................................4
              Radio.............................................4
         Your Product...........................................5
              You are the BBS...................................5
              Graphics..........................................6
              Making Changes....................................7
         Tools of the Trade.....................................7
              Business Cards and Stationary.....................7
              Brochures and Fliers..............................8
              Do it Yourself or Hire Someone....................9
         News Products..........................................10
              News Releases.....................................10
              Public Service Announcements......................12
              News Conferences..................................13
         Handling the Media.....................................14
         Market Research........................................16
              Creating a Survey.................................16
              Making the Call...................................18
         Crisis Management......................................18
              Friendly Faces....................................19
              First Amendment at Risk...........................19
         Out of the Box.........................................20
         Final Comments.........................................21

































                               ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                               ³Who "They" Are³
                               ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

                                  The Public

              A Summer 1993 survey by Dell Computer indicated that 55 
         percent of the public does not take advantage of 
         technological advances.  That in itself is the single biggest 
         Public Relations problem a Sysop faces.  BBS users, 
         obviously, fall somewhere in the remaining 45 percent.  

              Those who fear technology are the ones that are the most 
         difficult to explain electronic communications to.  They may 
         see computers as taking over their lives.  There are chips in 
         their cars, in their microwaves, in their stereos, and in 
         their VCRS.  Computers send them their utility bills, credit 
         card bills, track their income tax payments, and note when 
         their daughter is born.

              Those in that 55 percent are not necessarily 
         technophobic.  Most of them are just technologically 
         disinterested.  These are the people that we should be most 
         concerned with from a Public Relations standpoint.  What they 
         know about computers, modems and BBSs comes from the 
         mainstream media.  A reporter assigned to a story about BBSs 
         may or may not fully understand what they are reporting on.

              The remaining 45 percent includes you and me, the expert 
         user, the average user and the novice user.  This group 
         doesn't need quite as much public relations massaging since 
         it already knows the benefits of using a modem to connect 
         with other people.

              People that were overwhelmed when they first called a 
         BBS and decided it was too tough to try again also fall into 
         that 45 percent.  They have computers, they may be 
         technically adept, they can probably even program a VCR.  But 
         the mysteries of 8-N-1 elude them.  In addition, there are 
         those who were at one time active in the BBS community, but 
         are no longer involved.  Maybe they had a falling out with a 
         Sysop or another user.  These are both disaffected users

              There is also the group of people that have modems 
         because it came with their computer but they have not used 
         it.   Some because they don't know they have one, some 
         because they aren't interested in using it.

              How can you distill all these diverse groups into one 
         simple Public Relations campaign?  Simply put, you can't.





                                                           BBS-PR pg 1











                                   The Media

              News can be defined broadly as something that is out of 
         the ordinary (such as a murder) or something that is a matter 
         of public record (such as a City Council meeting).  
         Generally, though, news is a change in the status quo.

              Many people get upset over what is perceived as a 
         liberal or conservative slant in the news.  Because both 
         sides get upset about slanted news, that indicates to me that 
         most media coverage is unbiased or at least politically 
         moderate.  So-called objective reporting is a relatively 
         recent invention.  Before the American Civil War, most 
         newspapers were just a cut above political tracts.  But 
         journalism history and theory is not our topic.

              Most stories involving BBSs involve a crime that has 
         been committed, usually pirated software, viruses, or 
         pornography.  Even though one BBS may be raided for 
         improprieties, it reflects poorly on the entire BBS community 
         by guilt through association.  This is similar to many 
         American's mistrust of all Arabs due to the misdeeds of a 
         few, as an example.  It isn't fair, it isn't right, but it's 
         The Way Things Are.


                              ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                              ³Finding the Media³
                              ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

              The easiest way to find out who you need to talk to or 
         write to is by looking in the phone book.  All the TV and 
         Radio stations and Newspapers will be listed under those 
         categories.  You might want to also look for Magazines and 
         News Services.

              A phone call can uncover a lot of information.  You will 
         need the media outlet's voice number, fax number, address and 
         the person to talk to or send mailings to.

              Your best luck in the Public Relations arena is going to 
         be in the local media.  Remember that not all your public 
         relations efforts are going to be successful.  For instance, 
         most News Releases are thrown in the trash.  But if you keep 
         at it your efforts will pay off.









                                                           BBS-PR pg 2










                                   Newspaper

              Because of the rise of electronic information 
         distribution, many people have predicted the demise of 
         newspapers.  That's unlikely, at least for the next fifty to 
         one hundred years.  Yes, readership has declined.  
         Newspapers, though, are chameleons and are able to adapt.  
         Thirty years ago most newspapers looked like the New York 
         Times.  Most newspapers now have much more open and 
         "friendly" looks.  

              They are also the most powerful of all the media.  No 
         other media shapes and forms public opinion to the degree 
         newspapers do.  This is usually because they have larger news 
         staffs and much longer traditions than broadcast media.  
         Print also has a permanence that broadcast does not have.    

              As a Sysop, your Public Relations efforts should start 
         with the Editor or City Editor, whichever the case may be.  
         These Editors will assign stories to a reporter.

              You may be tempted to change your mailing list to a 
         certain reporter.  Although this may seem like a good idea, 
         reporters tend to change jobs on a fairly regular basis (this 
         is especially the case in broadcast media).  You might opt to 
         add a reporter to your list, but make sure you continue to 
         send material to the Editor.

              I do not recommend offering to write a column.  You will 
         run out of things to write about much sooner than you think.  
         Not only that, newspapers have access to syndicated columns 
         that may not deal specifically with BBSs, but will touch on 
         them occasionally.  

              The opinion page provides several opportunities to get 
         your name and the name of your BBS out.  The Letters to the 
         Editor section can be quite effective in telling your 
         message.  You might even be asked occasionally to write a 
         guest opinion.  Use those opportunities whenever possible, 
         but be wary of writing too many Letters to the Editor.  If 
         they get printed often, you will lose your impact and become 
         just another shrill voice on the opinion page.

              News about computers and computer technology tends to 
         become lodged in the Business section of a newspaper.  If 
         your paper has one, you need to put the Business Editor on 
         your mailing list.

             Be careful with multiple mailings to newspapers.  If you 
         have a News Conference, you could have several people from         





                                                           BBS-PR pg 3










         one newspaper there.  There are few things that annoy editors 
         more than finding out that the paper had "overstaffed" a news 
         conference.  It might be wise to note on the announcement the 
         departments or individuals that are getting copies.


                                  Television

              Television thrives on good video.  Too often, a story 
         with good video will override a good story with no video.  
         That is part of the reason why even though nearly everyone 
         watches tv news, hardly anyone trusts it.  Despite that, 
         television can get your message across to more people in a 
         shorter period of time.

              Assignment Editors are the people that tell the 
         reporters what stories they will tell that day.  Most of your 
         productive work with tv stations will be with the Assignment 
         Editor.  Assignment Editors work with the Producer, and both 
         are supervised by the News Director.

              Should you be lucky and they are interested in doing a 
         story about the current state of art in BBS technology, 
         remember that you need to make yourself visually compelling.  
         Show lots of activity on the screen, blinking on the modem, 
         the tangle of wires for the phone lines.  

              Present yourself as a business professional, even if you 
         are operating a one-line, non-commercial system.  That 
         doesn't necessarily mean you need to wear a suit and tie, 
         although that would be a good idea.

              BBSs have become the whipping boy of tv news during the 
         past year.  Sex and Pornography are probably the topics they 
         will be most interested in, especially child pornography.  If 
         you are called out of the blue someday by a tv reporter 
         wishing to do an interview, those are the likely topics.  Be 
         prepared to dodge bullets.  


                                     Radio

              Radio Journalism is a dying art.  There was once a time 
         when no radio station would even think of not having a news 
         department.  Now many stations have only a morning newsperson 
         that rewrites the morning paper, and they might not have even 
         that.  It's very tragic.

              But there are still a very good number of radio stations 
         with active news departments.  For the most part, you will 





                                                           BBS-PR pg 4










         deal directly with the News Director.  Some larger stations 
         may also have an Assignments Editor.

              Radio stations will be looking for stories that can be 
         told very quickly and have good "sound."  Normally, a radio 
         reporter will simply be seeking an interview.  But there may 
         be an occasion in which a reporter is doing a special report 
         or a series.  BBSs don't really have much sound to record, 
         but there is some.  Modem tones, connection alarms, and ANSI 
         music are a few.

              Because the pace of radio news departments is even 
         faster than tv, believe it or not, it won't be uncommon for a 
         radio reporter to call on the phone to get a comment on a 
         breaking story or even a follow-up on a story idea you may 
         have presented them with in some correspondence.

              If you are contacted on a "slow" news day, you and your 
         BBS could be included in a number of radio newscasts.  Even 
         in music intensive formats, radio news tends to be listener 
         active-- that is listeners pay close attention to the news.

              News/Talk stations are particularly good targets.  They 
         are nearly always looking for good people to interview on the 
         air.

                                ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                                ³Your Product³
                                ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


                                You are the BBS


              First of all, you have to think of your BBS as a 
         product.  Whether you have a 32 line commercial BBS, a single 
         line hobby board or somewhere in between, you are selling a 
         service.  Just as with any other product, you have to decide 
         where and how your public relations efforts should best be 
         spent.  Would you sell Lambroghinis in rural Oklahoma?  You 
         can try, but you probably wouldn't sell very many.  And what 
         happens when your Lambroghini has a major recall?  How would 
         you handle the Public Relations crisis?

              Now may be a good time to look at your BBS and take an 
         inventory.  If you haven't already done so, print the file 
         PRODUCT.TXT included with this package.  It will help you 
         take stock of the strengths and weaknesses of your BBS.  

              PRODUCT.TXT examines the inventory and looks at some of 





                                                           BBS-PR pg 5










         the immediate public relations problems that could occur as a 
         direct result of the features of your BBS.  Since this file 
         goes into depth about particular items on your BBS that may 
         cause some Public Relations problems, we won't discuss it in 
         detail here, but we will touch on some of the same issues.

              The first and foremost question you should ask yourself 
         is "Why should someone call my BBS?"  To answer that 
         question, let's create two BBSs to use as examples:

              Beta BBS has message bases, files and a couple games.  
         Delta BBS has message bases, files and a couple games.  
         Nothing really different here.  The Sysop of Beta BBS is an 
         active participant in his BBS in that he writes messages on a 
         regular basis.  The Delta BBS Sysop turns up on occasion and 
         makes an announcement.  Hmmm.  Looks like Beta has a slight 
         edge; the Sysop doesn't seem so unreachable.  There is 
         nothing wrong with Delta BBS, but it seems so ordinary.  
         There are hundreds of other BBSs using the same software in 
         the same manner and it appears the Sysop is an out of state 
         landlord.  

              If there is only one weapon I can give you in your 
         Public Relations campaign that weapon would be yourself.  You 
         must allow your personality to become a part of the BBS.

              In this manner BBSs are identical to TV News.  They may 
         offer the same plate, but the plate is presented a little 
         differently.  You might like the person who does the weather 
         more than the other station's weatherblond.  That is why you 
         watch Eyewitness News instead of The Newscenter or whatever 
         the case may be.


                                   Graphics


              Sometimes a subtle change in the graphics scheme can 
         make a big difference in how a user perceives your BBS.  If 
         you use a lot of bright,garish colors a caller may get the 
         impression that the BBS is loud and brash.  Look closely at 
         how TV stations use color.  They generally use two or three 
         colors to set the overall graphics image and everything else 
         is either based on those colors or is worked into them 
         somehow.       

              You should also examine how your menus are laid out.  
         Your first concern should be whether they make sense.  A 
         caller shouldn't have to scratch his head trying to figure 
         out what he should do next, unless he really has no idea.  





                                                           BBS-PR pg 6










              Secondly, is the picture busy?  A busy menu page takes 
         longer to draw and is harder to read.  If after the screen is 
         drawn and you find yourself distracted, chances are your 
         layout has too many elements.

              Graphics artists for print publications talk about what 
         is called "white space."  That is the amount of nothingness 
         that surrounds text and pictures.  The more there is the more 
         pleasing to the eye the page is.  There is nothing wrong with 
         using a background to support your menus, but it should be 
         unobtrusive.


                                Making Changes

              Whenever you change or add something you need to think 
         to yourself "Is this something that my users need or want?"  
         You also need to think of the image you want your BBS to 
         present.  If you have a Science Fiction themed BBS, that new 
         CD-ROM of Civil War statistics may not fit in very well.

              I want to make the point, though, that you might prefer 
         to run a BBS that offers something of interest to everyone.  
         But if you do have a thread that runs throughout the entire 
         system you need to think twice before making a change or an 
         addition.  If it doesn't feel right to you then it probably 
         won't be kosher with your users.



                             ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                             ³TOOLS OF THE TRADE³
                             ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


              You have your computer(s), phone lines(s), software, 
         message bases, and file areas.  But do you have your 
         stationary and business cards?  Unless you are running a 
         commercial system, you probably don't (and many commercial 
         systems don't either).


                         Business Cards and Stationary

              From time to time you'll want to write a letter as the 
         Sysop of your BBS.  This letter may be to a user, your city 
         officials, your Congressman or even to local media outlets.  
         Your letter will carry more weight if it is on stationary.  
         Make sure it has the name of your BBS, mailing address, voice 
         line and data line.  Your name and title are options since 





                                                           BBS-PR pg 7










         you will be signing it anyway.

              If you work as a salesperson, an engineer, or any other 
         service oriented business, you wouldn't think twice about 
         getting business cards.  They are an essential part of your 
         business armament.  You hand them to every new person you 
         meet during the course of your day.  You should do the same 
         for your BBS.  

              Business cards are an effective way of getting the word 
         out about your BBS.  You don't need anything fancy.  Just the 
         name of your BBS, your name, your title, a mailing address, 
         your voice line and your data line.

              As for your title, I would recommend System Operator.  
         The average person on the street, including some who claim to 
         be computer literate, may not understand what "Sysop" means.

              If you have even the slightest reason to write someone 
         on BBS stationary, then you should do it.  Always carry some 
         BBS business cards with you and pass them out at every 
         opportunity.  Stationary and business cards are inexpensive 
         and extremely effective.

              One word of caution, though.  If your BBS is not 
         affiliated with your professional career, you need to make 
         sure you keep the two separated.  This can be a problem when 
         handing out business cards in particular.  You might be 
         tempted to give a client cards from both work and your BBS.  
         Should you do this, the client must be made aware that they 
         are two completely separate entities.  Not only that, but 
         your boss might not be too keen on the idea.


                             Brochures and Fliers

              Brochures are also good promotional items for BBSs.   
         Although they are not as necessary as business cards and 
         stationary, they can be very good tools.  Brochures can be 
         left at computer stores, taken to conventions, or used to 
         send in response to advertising.

              Good brochures don't necessarily have to be 
         professionally produced, printed on glossy stock paper and 
         using four colors.  You can produce an effective brochure 
         using a desktop publishing program at home.  

              A brochure should hit on the main points you want to 
         make, have some graphics, and entice the reader into calling.  
         A brochure is intended to introduce your product to potential 





                                                           BBS-PR pg 8










         callers.  Don't feel you should fill up the entire brochure 
         with a lot of copy.  For one thing, if there's a lot to read, 
         most of it won't get read unless it is extremely compelling.  
         The majority of the time, though, simple will suffice.

              When developing your brochure, you should design it by 
         cutting the page in thirds and deciding what needs to be on 
         which page.  Obviously, you want the name of the BBS, the 
         phone number and maybe a graphic on the front.  You get to 
         the nitty gritty of what is on your board inside.  The middle 
         section of the outside should be left blank so you can put an 
         address on it.

              A flier generally is one page, and follows roughly the 
         same guidelines as those for a brochure.  In general, though, 
         you layout for the entire page instead of in thirds.

              I mentioned "white space" earlier, and I want to 
         emphasize that again, especially in regard to your printed 
         materials.  The more white space you have, the more pleasing 
         to the eye your layout is.  Of course, that doesn't mean have 
         a blank page with only one sentence on it.  You do need to 
         keep your pages from looking cluttered and busy.

                                Do it yourself
                                      or
                                 hire someone

              Personal computers have liberated us to do work 
         ourselves that we would previously have hired someone to do.  
         That includes personal publishing.  There are a number of 
         desktop publishing programs available at your friendly 
         neighborhood computer store.  There are even some available 
         as shareware.
         ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
         ³                    Do it yourself!                        ³
         ³advantages                             disadvantages       ³
         ³                                                           ³
         ³inexpensive                            time consuming      ³
         ³print when needed                      dot matrix printers ³
         ³                                       usually inadequate  ³
         ³complete control                       graphics or fonts   ³
         ³                                       may not be available³
         ³                                                           ³
         ³                       Hire someone                        ³
         ³                                                           ³
         ³professional layout assistance         some loss of control³
         ³consistent print quality               large print runs    ³
         ³fast service                           expensive           ³
         ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ





                                                           BBS-PR pg 9










              As you can tell from this table, choosing whether to 
         produce your own stationary and business cards or having it 
         produced by a printshop is really as much a matter of 
         convenience as it is anything else.

              When we talk about expensive, that is compared to doing 
         it yourself.  For roughly $75 you can have some basic 
         stationary and business cards printed professionally.  I 
         think it's worth the investment.

              When you think about what to put on your stationary and 
         business cards remember that "conservative never offends 
         anyone."  Keep the layout clean and simple, especially on the 
         cards.  If you have a graphic that is used to help identify 
         your BBS you should use it.

              Colored paper and spot color can be very effective.  But 
         you need to be very careful.  Your information can be hard to 
         read on dark paper.  Spot color is exactly that-- a small 
         touch of color to highlight something on the page.  But it 
         can be put in the wrong place.

              A couple things to note about having your work done 
         professionally:  colored paper and spot color usually cost 
         extra.  The printshop will also likely charge you to have a 
         graphic scanned and placed on your stationary or business 
         cards.


::::::::::::::
bbs-pr2.txt
::::::::::::::

                                ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                                ³News Products³
                                ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

                                 News Releases

              News Releases can be among the most effective tools you 
         use in your public relations efforts.  This may seem hard to 
         believe, but much of what we read, hear or see in the news is 
         prompted by a news release.  The News Media really does want 
         to know what is going on in the community and News Releases 
         provide valuable tip-offs for stories.

              Among other things, News Releases can be used to make 
         yourself "The Expert" in the field.  There is much attention 
         being paid in Washington D.C. to the National Data Highway.  
         By making yourself the expert in computer communications, 
         local media might contact you for local reaction to a story 
         about the National Data Highway or other topics, including 
         computer pornography.  





                                                          BBS-PR pg 10










              On any given day, a news department can receive dozens 
         of News Releases.  If you send a News Release to a Newspaper, 
         or Radio or TV station, don't assume it will be used.  Lack 
         of a local angle, lack of timeliness, and obvious business 
         promotion are among the reasons most are thrown away.  The 
         biggest portion of those that are thrown out, though, are 
         News Releases that are poorly written.

    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
    ³                  Topic Ideas for News Releases                   ³
    ³                                                                  ³
    ³New BBS                                          Major New Feature³
    ³Millionth Caller                                 Meetings/Seminars³
    ³Public Service performed by BBS                  Awards           ³
    ³Recent Membership in National Organization       Crisis Management³
    ³Change in Ownership/Management                                    ³
    ³Unusual or Controversial Message Threads or Files                 ³
    ³Local Angle to National Story                                     ³
    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

              Anyone who has watched tv dramas about reporters knows 
         that the basics of a news story are Who, What, When, Where, 
         Why.  Those are also essential to a News Release.

              You should also strive for clarity and brevity.  Even if 
         you consider yourself a poor writer, if you include all of 
         these factors, your News Release will probably be at the very 
         least readable.

              A News Release should have a Headline, a release date 
         (even if all it says is FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE), and contact 
         information in addition to the news itself.  Put the news 
         release on your BBS stationary and include a business card.  
         Even if your News Release is thrown away, the business card 
         might be put into someone's rolodex.

              Focus on your information.  What exactly is it you want 
         to convey?  The best news releases usually have one specific 
         point to make and everything else supports that one point.  
         Think logically.  Your first paragraph, or the lead to use 
         journalistic jargon, should make your point clear.  The 
         second paragraph should have more information that supports 
         the first, the third should support the second and first, so 
         on and so on.  

              Write simply.  Don't use "big" words unless you 
         absolutely have to.  They won't impress anyone.  You should 
         also write short simple sentences.  Long complex sentences 
         are harder to read.  Newspapers are written at an eighth 
         grade reading level.  Broadcasters have only one chance to 





                                                          BBS-PR pg 11










         make the listener/viewer understand the story.  If you have 
         the media confused you will be ignored.

              Avoid the use of computer, modem or telecommunications 
         jargon.  Jargon that is used should be explained in simple 
         terms.  For instance: "GIFs are pictures that can be viewed 
         on a computer screen."  That may be oversimplified, but it 
         works.

              One page is usually sufficient for a News Release.  Two 
         pages are acceptable, but more than that is pushing the 
         patience of the person you sent it to.  However, if you have 
         material to support your News Release, such as a graph or a 
         table, include that also.  If they want more information they 
         will call you.

              Even if your News Release does not become recycling 
         fodder, it may not be used immediately.  It may be put into a 
         file for future use.  

              The file PR-SAMP.TXT includes sample news releases along 
         with explanations of how and why they were written.


                         Public Service Announcements

              Radio and TV stations devote some programming time to 
         Public Service Announcements, or P.S.A.s.  Newspapers may not 
         call them that, but they run them as well.  These are a bit 
         trickier to write than a News Release mainly because there 
         are fairly strict rules concerning what is or is not a PSA.

         The litmus tests for a PSA are:

         1.  Is the group mentioned a profit organization?

         2.  Is the topic of the PSA controversial?

         3.  Is the group mentioned controversial?

         4.  Will the reader/listener/viewer feel they are hearing an 
         ad as opposed to a PSA?

              If the answer to any of those is "yes" that doesn't 
         necessarily mean it is not a PSA.  Chances are, though, it 
         won't qualify.

              PSAs have much in common with News Releases in that they 
         will include Who, What, When, and Where, but might not have a 
         Why.  If there is a cost involved, that needs to be included 





                                                          BBS-PR pg 12










         as well.

              PSAs will normally be sent to the PSA Director at Radio 
         and TV stations.  PSAs sent to Newspapers can usually be sent 
         to the Editor, who will know which department to send it to.

              Many PSAs can be sent on a postcard.  The file PR- 
         SAMP.TXT has a sample PSA.


                               News Conferences

              My first thought on holding a News Conference is not to 
         hold one.  Unless you have something of extreme importance or 
         of a compelling nature, a News Conference probably won't be 
         necessary.

              There are only two reasons I can think of for a BBS to 
         hold a News Conference.  One is when a BBS is launched, but 
         even that is of marginal news value. The other is Crisis 
         Management.

              Whichever the case may be, you need to be fully 
         prepared.  Have copies of your statement and support 
         materials available to distribute to members of the media 
         that attend.

              If I am hesitant to recommend a News Conference, I am 
         adamantly against a Sysop holding a question and answer 
         session only.  If you have a News Conference, you had better 
         have something specific to say or you are going to alienate 
         those attending.  

              Although it is acceptable to read directly from your 
         printed statement during your News Conference, you need to 
         practice it several times beforehand so you are completely 
         familiar with it.  You might even want to practice the entire 
         News Conference.  This can be accomplished by having some 
         friends or business associates listen to your statement and 
         grill you afterword.  Chances are many of the same questions 
         a reporter will ask will be asked by this "practice group."

              Why do you need to answer questions following your 
         statement?  There may be something in your statement that was 
         unclear, or maybe needed to be expanded.  Sometimes you might 
         even be asked to repeat certain sections.  But when things 
         appear to be slowing down, don't be afraid to call an end to 
         the News Conference.  Make yourself available for individual 
         interviews following the News Conference.  TV or radio 
         stations might want a more intimate sounding discussion of 





                                                          BBS-PR pg 13










         what the News Conference was about instead of the formal 
         statement.  A reporter might have a question he/she didn't 
         want to ask in a group setting.

              Your News Conference will be competing with all the 
         other news events going on throughout the day.  Don't waste 
         time and don't expect everyone invited to attend.  I've found 
         early afternoon or mid morning to be the best times to hold 
         News Conferences.

              News Conferences can be a very productive method of 
         getting your message across.  But they are also quite 
         misused.  Hold a News Conference only if you feel the need is 
         absolutely imperative.



                             ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                             ³Handling the Media³
                             ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


              Timeliness is a very important factor when sending 
         material to the media.  

              Most News Releases that are not dated can be mailed at 
         any time.  If they are going to be for release on a specific 
         date, they should be mailed one to two weeks before the date.  
         Public Service Announcements and Event Schedules should be 
         sent two to four weeks before the event.

              This gives the media plenty of time to schedule 
         reporters and other resources.

              I do not recommend calling an Editor or reporter asking 
         when your News Release or PSA will be published or aired.  
         They might consider this badgering.  However, you might call 
         and ask if they received it and had any questions.  That 
         doesn't guarantee that it will be used, but it might increase 
         its chances, and you might even find out when it would be 
         used.

              The Media is not the enemy.  When you are talking with a 
         reporter or a group of reporters there is no need to be 
         nervous.  Be friendly but professional.  Treat them as you 
         would your co-workers.

              Generally, be calm but assertive.  You have the 
         information they want.  Because computer communications is 
         still a burgeoning field, reporters may ask what you think 





                                                          BBS-PR pg 14










         are dumb or inconsequential questions.  Just answer them 
         patiently.  Offer information you think is pertinent to the 
         issue.  The more facts they have the more accurate the story 
         will be.

              If you read, see or hear a news story that you feel was 
         unfair in its coverage of the BBS Community, don't be afraid 
         to call or write the Editor or News Director and complain 
         about it.  Don't be angry, but point out what you feel was 
         unfair.  The worst thing you can do is get into an argument 
         with a member of the media.  Any headway you've made 
         previously can be destroyed.  You are more likely to be 
         listened to by being candid but keeping your head on your 
         shoulders.  They might make a retraction to the offending 
         story or offer you the opportunity to set the record 
         straight.  If nothing else, you got it off your chest.

              Video cameras are so ubiquitous these days that you 
         shouldn't give them a second thought.  You should be aware of 
         their presence though.  A dark sport jacket with a light 
         colored shirt works best on camera.  Flashy or very colorful 
         clothes can be very distracting.  The viewer might pay more 
         attention to what you are wearing than what you are saying.

              Never, ever, at any time knowingly tell a falsehood.  
         You'll be caught and you'll be hung out to dry.  If you say 
         something that later turns out to be incorrect, then you can 
         honestly admit your mistake.  In addition, if there is 
         something you don't know, admit that also.  It's always 
         better to admit a lack of knowledge than it is to dance 
         around a question with a pseudo-answer.  You can always look 
         up the correct answer and call the reporter later.

              Drawing on that same theme, if you have gotten into a 
         situation in which you feel you have gotten in over your 
         head, defer the issue to someone you feel comfortable has the 
         proper skills and knowledge.  In most cases, a reporter will 
         accept your suggested replacement.  The only time it might 
         not work is when the reporter is asking about something that 
         directly impacts you or your BBS.  

              This may seem obvious, but you should return calls 
         promptly.  Reporters are always under some sort of deadline 
         pressure.  The sooner you can return their calls, the more 
         they will appreciate you.










                                                          BBS-PR pg 15










                               ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                               ³Market Research³
                               ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

              Who needs to do Market Research?  You do.  The days of 
         opening up a BBS with a few file areas and some message bases 
         are numbered.  Successful BBSs will be those that plan 
         carefully with an eye toward what users really want-- not the 
         desires of the noisy few.

              While online questionnaires are quite useful, they often 
         don't go far enough or have a large enough base for you to 
         make long term decisions.  The biggest problems are low 
         response rates and questions that answer themselves.  Very few 
         online surveys that I've seen provide enough qualitative 
         information for anything other than short term planning.

              If you are planning on pulling in some new message 
         bases, but want to know which ones will actually be read by 
         users, then online questionnaires are quite sufficient for the 
         job.  But if you plan on opening a new BBS, a major change in 
         image or thrust, or becoming a larger player in the BBS 
         community you probably need to do more than question your 
         active users.

              But there are still times in which you must simply go 
         with your visceral instincts.  If you have just done the most 
         extensive survey in the history of the industry, you may just 
         have to do what your gut tells you to do, even if it is in 
         total disagreement with what the research says you should do.

              The easiest, least expensive, and probably the most 
         effective research for BBSs to do is call-out research.  Pick 
         up the phone and start dialing.  But you must have a method.


                               Creating a Survey

              Depending on what you want to find out, you'll want to 
         angle your research in different directions.  A person 
         setting up a new BBS is going to need information different 
         from that an established Sysop would need to consider whether 
         to expand or add services.

              For our purposes, let's assume you want to do some basic 
         research on the group of people that use modems.  To make 
         things as easy as possible, we'll assume you will be 
         conducting 100 surveys.  This does NOT include people who 
         hang up on you or you terminate because they do not fit the 
         demographic profile you are looking for.





                                                          BBS-PR pg 16










              The first thing you'll need to determine is the 
         demographic breakdown in your community as a whole.  What is 
         the percentage of men and women and their age groups?  This 
         information can easily be found at your local library.  Use 
         the most recent census data available.  Take those 
         percentages in each age/sex demo and conduct the same number 
         of surveys (23% women aged 25 to 32 in your community, then 
         23 surveys with women in that age group).

              The first thing you need in the survey is a set of 
         Terminal questions.  These questions help you determine the 
         age and sex groups you need, whether they own computers, 
         whether they own modems and how often they use modems.  If 
         they don't answer any of the questions in the appropriate 
         manner, you break off the interview.  These people are NOT 
         included as part of your 100 completed surveys.

              If you want an overview of the BBS community compared to 
         the community as a whole, you will need to keep track of the 
         people that are terminated.

              Since we are developing a profile on the modem using 
         public in your community, we need a set of questions to 
         determine how often they use them and in what manner.  We 
         then need some questions to find out what services they use, 
         what activities they participate in, and what they might see 
         as any shortcomings. 

         Finally, some questions on their hardware and software.

              All these numbers can be inserted into a spreadsheet 
         program.  From there you can make pie charts or bar graphs to 
         represent just about anything and help you make planning 
         decisions.

         There is a sample survey in the BBS-SAMP.TXT file.

              Here are some terms that are in the sample survey that 
         you might want to know:

              PROMPT-- Ask about listed items.  Subject may offer one 
         or more.
              QUERY-- Ask for more, do NOT specify.  Ask "Anything 
         else?" and write down responses
              (see XX)-- Depending on response to a question, then go 
         to the question with that number (eg: see 5B)
              SPECIFY-- Subject may offer an answer.  If not, ask.
              TERMINATE-- Bring to an end.







                                                          BBS-PR pg 17










                                Making the Call

              You don't need to buy a list in order to make call out 
         research.  All it takes is a phone book or city directory.  
         City directories are helpful in that they will have phone 
         numbers and addresses that may not be in the phone book.  
         City directories are also expensive, especially when compared 
         to that phone book you received when you ordered a phone 
         line.

              Starting with the first residential listing, keep 
         dialing down the column until you are able to get a completed 
         survey.  Skip the rest of that column, next column and start 
         at the top of the following.

              For example, if you have a three column phone book (most 
         are), you get a completed survey on the tenth call in the 
         second column.  Skip the remainder of the second column, skip 
         the third column, and then start again at the top of the 
         first column on the second page.  This will give you a fairly 
         random sample.

              Also make sure you do not purposely call business 
         numbers.  Businesses get irritated when people make 
         unsolicited calls.  Many individuals do as well.  Expect a 
         lot of people to hang up on you.

              ALWAYS thank the person at the end of the interview, 
         even if you terminate them after the first question.



                              ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                              ³Crisis Management³
                              ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

              The first thing to remember about Crisis Management is 
         to avoid creating one.  That isn't always possible.  In that 
         case, the second thing to remember is "Don't Panic."  You 
         simply don't have time.  Always keep your head.

              It's quite unlikely BBSs will be responsible for 
         volcanic eruptions or toxic waste dumps.  Most crisis a BBS 
         would be involved in are legal in nature.  If that's the 
         case, you'll need to contact your attorney at once.

              In fact, you might even want to consider keeping one on 
         retainer or having a pre-paid legal plan.  Your attorney 
         should be familiar with communications law and First 
         Amendment Issues.  Your local Bar Association should be able 





                                                          BBS-PR pg 18










         to help you find one.

              The media has easier access to prosecutors than to 
         defendants.  That is why in most criminal cases it appears a 
         suspect has already been convicted and hauled off even though 
         the case has not yet been brought to trial.  The good news is 
         that more defense attorneys are becoming media savvy and are 
         willing to make statements to reporters.

              Most of the time, the best thing to do is to let your 
         attorney do your talking for you.  Among other things, that's 
         what you are paying him for.  He will know what can and 
         cannot be said in public and is in a better position to deal 
         with legal intricacies that may come up.

              For now, the online community tends to rally around BBS 
         operators who have been accused of improprieties.  Unless 
         your counselor objects, you can begin drumming up support 
         from within the industry.  Among other things, you can make 
         legal documents available in computer readable form.  Contact 
         industry magazines such as BOARDWATCH, BBS CALLERS DIGEST and 
         CONNECT and let them know what is happening.  But you should 
         always advise or consult your attorney before doing any of 
         this.


                                Friendly Faces

              I've made this point before and I'll make it again.  
         Reporters assigned to cover a story involving BBSs or other 
         online services may not fully understand the industry.  Some 
         of them may even be technophobes.

              With that in mind, there is another position you can 
         work yourself into.  That is the position of the Local 
         Expert.  For sake of example, another Sysop has run into 
         trouble with the law.  You could make yourself available to 
         help explain what some of those complicated technological 
         terms are all about, making sure you stay clear of the legal 
         issues involved.  You may not get your face on TV or your 
         name printed in the paper, but you will be providing a 
         valuable service to your local media.


                              The First Amendment
                                    at Risk

              The online community is under attack.  There are many 
         in government who apparently believe First Amendment freedoms 
         should not be extended to BBSs and other online services, 





                                                          BBS-PR pg 19










         even if they don't explicitly state this.  The Clipper chip 
         is just one example.

              The battle lines are being drawn in the courts and in 
         the mainstream media.  Solid wins in the justice system will 
         help ensure a place for the First Amendment in the future.  
         Diligent and deft manipulation of the media will help ensure 
         public support for the online community.



                               ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                               ³Out of the Box³
                               ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

              Many Sysops set up a BBS in a cloistered room, hunch 
         over a brightly lit screen late at night tweaking here and 
         tweaking there.  "Heh!" they think, "this new door game will 
         bring me a few more callers!"

              Wrong.

              You can be assured that new game is A) already on 
         another BBS in town, B) the potential new callers won't know 
         for sometime that you have it or C) potential new callers 
         won't care that you have it.

              The game can wait 'til tomorrow.  Do something that is 
         more likely to bring in potential callers to your BBS in 
         particular and into the BBS community generally.  Get out of 
         the house.

              Chances are your BBS or the local BBS or Sysops' 
         Association sponsors a picnic or some such at least once a 
         year.  Although this is a good idea, it usually is a 
         gathering a modem users.  You need to become more involved 
         with the community as a whole.

              There are many, many opportunities to create a good 
         public relations image within the community.  Even though the 
         mainstream media should be a part of your public relations 
         efforts, you do not have to rely on them to tell your 
         message.

              Your local Chamber of Commerce probably has some sort of 
         monthly or annual list of events going on in the community.  
         There should be several that you can attend or co-sponsor on 
         behalf of the BBS.  You can also make yourself available to 
         talk to Service Clubs and Youth Groups.






                                                          BBS-PR pg 20










              Have you thought of conducting a seminar?  Let's face 
         it, BBSs are not among the easiest computer applications to 
         use.  You could teach users and potential users about 
         telecommunications and BBSing.  With more and more BBSs 
         connecting to the Internet, a seminar on how to use the 
         Internet could be quite valuable.  As an aside, you might 
         even be able to bring in a few bucks by conducting seminars.

              Schools are another place to make your mark.  Donate 
         your time to teach a class or be a guest in a class.  You 
         might even consider donating your old equipment to an 
         elementary school when you upgrade to newer equipment.  That 
         might even bring you some good press coverage.

              If you have a laptop or an older computer you wouldn't 
         mind toting around, take it with you with a scaled down 
         version of your BBS to show people what it looks like.  Very 
         few things work better than a good visual aid.  

              If you produce a newsletter for your BBS that is mailed 
         to users on a regular basis, add the local media outlets to 
         your mailing list.  Just as with News Releases, most 
         newsletters will be thrown out.  But sometimes someone will 
         grab an idea from one and produce a story from it.  By golly, 
         you'll probably be the first person they call.

              Everyday thousands of cars go past yours or you pass 
         them.  Bumper stickers are moving billboards.  Make them 
         available anytime you are out meeting the public.  Because 
         you must make a quick impression, just have the name of your 
         BBS and the data phone number printed on them.

              Coffee mugs and t-shirts are good promotional items that 
         can also bring in some money.  Sale items such as those are 
         really best for larger commercial systems, though.



                               ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                               ³Final Comments³
                               ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

              I am quite conscience of the fact that I did not discuss 
         paid advertising in this manual.  Among the reasons:
              1.  This was intended to be only a brief discussion of 
         Public Relations.
              2.  Paid advertising can be quite expensive, and most 
         BBS do not have the money to do it.
              If there is demand for information about advertising for 
         BBSs, it will be included in future editions.





                                                          BBS-PR pg 21










              Thanks to Fred Ayers of Paradox of Arkansas BBS, Steve 
         Prado of Jackalope Junction BBS, and Mary McGuire of KMAG-KWHN 
         Radio, all of Fort Smith, AR.  Their comments, suggestions 
         and complaints are greatly appreciated.

              The current edition of BBS-PR (BBS-PRxx.ZIP) will always 
         be available on Paradox of Arkansas BBS (Fred Ayers, Sysop) 
         and Jackalope Junction, (Sysop, Steve Prado).  I will answer 
         E-Mail, snail mail and even discuss some problems on the 
         phone.

              I am also available for private consultation.  See the 
         file PR-RATES.TXT to see what services are available and at 
         what cost.  Even though News Analysis is one service 
         available, I encourage you to send copies of News Releases, 
         newspaper articles, and audio and video (vhs) tapes of 
         broadcast stories with no obligation to engage my services as 
         a consultant.


                               About the Author

              Robert Parson is a Broadcast Journalist with over 15 
         years experience to his credit.  He is a former Contributing 
         Editor for "International Online Magazine," a magazine door 
         available from Arkansas River Valley BBS, Russellville, AR 
         (501 968 1931).  Robert is an active participant in his local 
         BBS Community.

              This Guide is dedicated to the First Amendment.  Freedom 
         of Speech is our single most important Constitutional 
         Guarantee.


         Robert Parson
         2501 Phoenix
         Fort Smith, AR 72901
         501 646 9332 (voice)
         Paradox of Arkansas BBS 501 484 0944 or 501 484 1043
         (Fred Ayers, Sysop)
         Jackalope Junction BBS 501 785 5381 (Steve Prado, Sysop)
         R.Parson (GEnie)
         R.Parson@genie.geis.com (Internet)
         Fido  1:3822/1











                                                          BBS-PR pg 22


::::::::::::::
bbs-samp.txt
::::::::::::::




                        ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                        ³ The Computer Bulletin Board ³
                        ³                             ³
                        ³  Guide to Public Relations  ³
                        ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

                                    Ver 1.6


                                  Samples of

                                 News Releases
                         Public Service Announcements
                            Market Research Survey

              For the record, the BBS, all events and persons are 
         fictitious.  However, the address and phone number is mine.  
         If you feel any of these samples would be useful, feel free 
         to adapt them for your needs.















































         APHELION BBS
         2501 Phoenix
         Fort Smith, AR 72901
         501 XXX XXXX (data)
         501 646 9332 (voice)


                                           For Immediate Release


                         INTERNET COMES TO FORT SMITH

              Aphelion Computer Bulletin Board System has now 
         connected with the Internet.  The Internet is a worldwide 
         network connecting Universities, Research Centers, Government 
         and Business with electronic mail, news, public message 
         bases, and computer programs.

              This is the first time the Internet has been publicly 
         available in the Fort Smith area.  System Operator of 
         Aphelion BBS, Robert Parson, says "The heart of computing is 
         being able to share information.  Now users in Fort Smith can 
         easily share information with the world and gather 
         information from sources they couldn't reach before."

              Aphelion BBS will provide a free Electronic Mailbox to 
         anyone wishing to receive private messages.  A rate of $6.00 
         an hour will be charged for all other Internet resources.

              Computer users can dial Aphelion BBS at 501 XXX XXXX 
         with their modem at speeds up to 14,400.

         For more information call Robert Parson at 501 646 9332 
         (voice)

                                     -30-

                                      ***

              The Internet news release is a simple product 
         announcement.  It says the Internet is available, explains 
         why this is news (first time publicly available) and also 
         explains how to access the BBS.  It also provides a "warm 
         body" with a quote, and how to contact the "warm body."

              This is also an example of a "hard news" type of news 
         release.  It states the facts with few embellishments.  The 
         next news release is a bit more complicated since it starts 
         with a softer lead, or beginning.  It has a "feature" feel to 
         it.
                                      ***




                                                         BBS-SAMP pg 1










         APHELION BBS
         2501 Phoenix
         Fort Smith, AR 72901
         501 XXX XXXX (data)
         501 646 9332 (voice)


                                              For Immediate Release
     

                  INTERNET SEMINAR SPONSORED BY APHELION BBS

              Navigation of large computer networks is much like 
         navigating the ocean.  It takes time, practice and 
         instruction.  The Internet is, if not the largest, one the 
         largest computer oceans.

              Aphelion Computer Bulletin Board System is sponsoring a 
         seminar designed to help computer users learn to navigate 
         through the Internet.  "This seminar will focus on Electronic 
         mail addressing and file transfers," according to System 
         Operator Robert Parson.  More seminars dealing with other 
         aspects of the Internet are planned.

              The Seminar will be held Saturday, October 9 at 1:00p.m. 
         at the Fort Smith Public Library.  The cost of the seminar is 
         $5.00, which will pay for materials used by participants.

              Aphelion BBS recently made the Internet available to 
         computer users with modems.  E-Mail boxes are provided at no 
         cost.  Other Internet services are available for a $6.00 an 
         hour charge.  Modems can connect to Aphelion BBS at speeds up 
         to 14,400.

              For more information about the Seminar or Aphelion BBS, 
         call Robert Parson at 501 646 9332 (voice).

                                     -30-

                                      ***

              The seminar news release is quite similar to the new 
         product announcement in that it says what the seminar is 
         about, where it will be held and why it is being held.  The 
         charge for the seminar was included since it was necessary, 
         but it was buried deep in the news release.

              If you'll notice, both of these news releases have a 
         contact name and number.  This is critically important on any 
         news release.  If a media outlet can't find someone to talk 





                                                         BBS-SAMP pg 2










         to about a story, it will usually end up in the trash.

         The following news release is a local angle to a national 
         story.

                                      ***

         APHELION BBS
         2501 Phoenix
         Fort Smith, AR 72901
         501 XXX XXXX (data)
         501 646 9332 (voice)


                                                For Immediate Release

                         "Kiddie Porn" warning blasted

              The Justice Department recently warned parents to 
         examine their children's electronic mail for possible signs 
         of contact by child molesters.

              The System Operator of a Fort Smith Computer Bulletin 
         Board says BBSs are being unfairly singled out as a source of 
         this illegal activity.  Robert Parson of Aphelion BBS says 
         "The Justice Department has bruised the entire BBS community 
         because of a few cases."

              Parson adds that as far as he knows, there has been no 
         activity involving child pornography or other illegal 
         activities in the Fort Smith area.  "All the Bulletin Boards 
         that are in operation in Fort Smith are on the up and up.  I 
         invite anyone to call any of them and look for themselves."

              Aphelion BBS can be reached at 501 XXX XXXX by any 
         computer user with a modem at speeds up to 14,400.

              For more information Robert Parson can be reached voice 
         at 501 646 9332.

                                     -30-
                                      ***

              This is based on an actual news story from September 
         1993.  The Justice Department did issue a warning to parents 
         advising them to check their children's electronic mail.  

              This news release accomplishes several things.  It 
         blunts the impact of the Justice Department warning, Robert 
         Parson is seen as an expert in the field, and the invitation 





                                                         BBS-SAMP pg 3










         to call ANY BBS could expand the user base of the BBS 
         community (although Aphelion BBS will likely be the first one 
         called).  You could also include a list of BBS names and 
         numbers with this News Release.

              The "-30-" at the end of each of these stories indicates 
         that, yes, the story has come to an end.  If there were two 
         pages, the first page would have a notation at the bottom of 
         "-more-"

         Let's try something fairly simple: a Public Service 
         Announcement.
                                      ***

         Who:  Greater Fort Smith System Operators' Association
         What: Seminar
         When: Saturday, October 9, 1:00pm
         Where: Fort Smith Public Library
         Topic: How to use a Computer Bulletin Board System
              There is no cost for this seminar.  For more information 
         contact Myron Aberchrombie at XXX XXX XXXX.

                                      ***

              First of all, I want to know just who these guys think 
         they are having a FREE seminar when I'm having my FEE-BASED 
         seminar!  At the same place even!  What gall.

              Anyway, that's just one form a PSA can take.  One of the 
         nice things about that format is it can fit on a postcard, 
         which has a lower postage rate.  But some people prefer to 
         write them similar to a news story.

              Now for something quite a bit more complicated.  The 
         following is a statement for a News Conference.

                                      ***

         APHELION BBS
         2501 Phoenix
         Fort Smith, AR 72901
         501 XXX XXXX (data)
         501 646 9332 (voice)

                                                  For Release 10-9-93
                                                                1:00p


           Statement by Aphelion BBS System Operator, Robert Parson






                                                         BBS-SAMP pg 4










              I am very distressed that the Justice Department raided 
         and shut down Aphelion BBS yesterday as a threat to National 
         Security.

              I have allowed the People's Front for the Liberation of 
         Refrigerator Magnets to have a forum without fear of 
         recrimination.  But as the raid proved, I was apparently 
         wrong.

              Yes, the PFLRM is working toward separation from the 
         Nation of Cellophane Tape.  The People's Front, though, 
         should have the opportunity to have its opinions and views 
         out in the open as any political party does.  

              As the System Operator, I have always encouraged freedom 
         of speech, no matter what form that speech takes.  There have 
         been times in which some users have left messages I felt were 
         not just politically incorrect but downright vile.  However, 
         that is what the First Amendment protects.

              I am looking forward to the coming days in court and 
         firmly believe that we will find that the Constitution and 
         the Bill of Rights do have a place in modern society.

         I will answer any questions you might have.

                                     -30-

                                      ***

              Obviously, the Justice Department wouldn't raid a BBS 
         over something like this.  But just the same, this is an 
         example of Crisis Management.  It is a firm statement made at 
         a News Conference, and an invitation that representatives of 
         the BBS are open to meet with members of the media.

              Should you be raided, you normally won't have a News 
         Conference.  The judge would probably place you under a "gag" 
         order, which prohibits you from talking publicly about the 
         case, or you would be advised by your attorney not to say 
         anything.

              Let's just hope you never get raided.

              Here is a News Release designed primarily to keep your 
         BBS and your name in front of an editor.

                                      ***







                                                         BBS-SAMP pg 5










         APHELION BBS
         2501 Phoenix
         Fort Smith, AR 72901
         501 XXX XXXX (data)
         501 646 9332 (voice)


                                           For Immediate Release

              The Information Highway that has captured the 
         imagination of Government and Communications Firm Officials 
         is still several years in the future.  Right now, though, 
         Fort Smith residents with a computer and a modem can call 
         over a dozen Computer Bulletin Boards and exchange messages, 
         download files and even play games.  Several are connected to 
         national message networks.  Here is a list of BBS numbers in 
         the Fort Smith area:

         (a list of several numbers.  If you live in a large city, you 
         may not want to list all of them)

              Although the exact number cannot be determined, there 
         are an estimated 57,000 Computer Bulletin Board Systems in 
         the United States.  For more information, call Robert Parson, 
         the System Operator of Aphelion BBS at 646 9332 (voice).
                                      ***





























                                                         BBS-SAMP pg 6










                           ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                           ³Market Research Survey³
                           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

         Hello!  I'm ____________ From Paradigm Research.  We would 
         like to ask you a few questions here on the phone if you have 
         a few minutes.  We are not trying to sell you anything.

         1.  Are you  12-18  19-24  25-42  43-55  55 or over

         2.  Do you own a computer?   Y  N  (if N, terminate)

         3.  Does your computer have a modem?  Y  N  (if N, terminate)

         4.  Do you use your modem (prompt)
         often (see 4B)  occasionally (see 4B)  seldom
         (if SELDOM, terminate)


         4B.  How often would you say you use your modem? (prompt)
         less than once a week    once a week    twice a week
         more than twice a week

         5.  Do you have accounts on any national online services?
         (if Y then prompt) (if N, go to 6)
         America Online   Compuserve   GEnie   Delphi   Prodigy
         Other ________________________________________________

         5B  What is your average monthly bill? _______________

         6.  Do you call any local Computer Bulletin Boards?  Y  N

         6B.  (if Y, then query)  Which ones? _______________________
         ____________________________________________________________

         6B1.  Have you subscribed to or donated to any local Computer 
         Bulletin Boards?  Y   N

         6C.  (if N, then query)  Any reasons why you don't?  
         ____________________________________________________________
         ____________________________________________________________

         7.  What would you say you do most often?  (no prompting)
         play games   download files   read/write messages
         other (specify)  __________________________________________

         8.  What type of computer do you use?  (no prompting)
         IBM or compatible  Apple (any)  Commodore/Amiga
         Other _________________________

         9.  How fast is your modem?  _______________________________

         10.  What modem software do you use? _______________________

         Thank you for your time.
                                                         BBS-SAMP pg 7










              I would like to know what Public Relations efforts you 
         are conducting.  Send copies of your News Releases, brochures 
         and fliers, newspaper clippings, even audio cassettes of radio 
         newscasts and VHS copies of tv news stories to:

         Robert Parson
         2501 Phoenix
         Fort Smith, AR 72901

              Survey results can be sent to that address, or to my E- 
         mail addresses:

         R.PARSON on GEnie
         r.parson@genie.geis.com on the Internet
         ROBERT PARSON on Paradox of Arkansas (Fred Ayers, Sysop)
         ROBERT PARSON on Jackalope Junction BBS (Steve Prado Sysop)
         1:3822/1 Fidonet

              These will be part of a continuing research project I am 
         conducting.  If you would also like personalized analysis of 
         materials you have sent, please see the file PR-RATES.TXT.


































                                                         BBS-SAMP pg 8


::::::::::::::
file_id.diz
::::::::::::::
The Computer Bulletin Board Guide to 
Public Relations ver 1.6.  Several text 
files Sysops can use to help improve the 
image of their BBS and the BBS community 
as a whole.
New in this version: Market Research and 
expanded Crisis Management Information.
::::::::::::::
print-pr.bat
::::::::::::::
@echo off
@cls
echo  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
echo  ³ This batch file will print all the files in              ³
echo  ³ The Computer Bulletin Board Guide to Public Relations.   ³
echo  ³ Because of the page format I used, you need to make sure ³
echo  ³ your printhead is at the top of the page.                ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³ This batch file does a simple "COPY FILENAME.TXT PRN"    ³
echo  ³ because the DOS PRINT command spews out form feeds where ³
echo  ³ there should be none                                     ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³ If you do not wish to use this batch file, press         ³
echo  ³ CTL-C to abort.                                          ³
echo  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
echo    Is your printhead at the top of the page?
echo    If not, make the appropriate adjustments now!
@pause
@cls
echo  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
echo  ³ Now printing                                             ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³ The Computer Bulletin Board Guide to Public Relations    ³
echo  ³                     Version 1.6                          ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³                         by                               ³
echo  ³                   Robert  Parson                         ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
@copy bbs-pr1.txt prn
@copy bbs-pr2.txt prn
@cls
echo  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
echo  ³  In just a moment, we'll print out some samples          ³
echo  ³  to accompany The Guide, but first, this commercial      ³
echo  ³  announcement:                                           ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³  At this writing, BBS-PR16 is being supported on         ³
echo  ³  Paradox of Arkansas BBS (501) 484 0944/(501) 484 1043   ³
echo  ³  Fred Ayers, Sysop                                       ³
echo  ³  Jackalope Junction BBS (501) 785 5381                   ³
echo  ³  Steve Prado, Sysop                                      ³
echo  ³  My thanks to Steve and Fred                             ³
echo  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
echo     Is your printhead at the top of the page?
echo     If not, make the appropriate adjustments now.
@pause
@cls
echo  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
echo  ³  Now printing                                            ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³  Sample News Releases, Public Service Announcements      ³
echo  ³  and Market Research Survey                              ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³  If you find these helpful please let me know            ³
echo  ³  Robert Parson                                           ³
echo  ³  2501 Phoenix                                            ³
echo  ³  Fort Smith, AR 72901                                    ³
echo  ³  Paradox of Arkansas BBS (501 484 0944/(501) 484 1043    ³
echo  ³  Jackalope Junction BBS (501) 785 5381                   ³
echo  ³  Internet r.parson@genie@geis.com                        ³
echo  ³  Fido 1:3822/1                                           ³
echo  ³  Voice phone (501) 646 9332                              ³
echo  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
@copy bbs-samp.txt prn
@cls
echo  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
echo  ³  This next file will help you look for some potential    ³
echo  ³  Public Relations problems with your BBS.                ³
echo  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
echo      Is the printhead at the top of the page?
echo      If not, make the appropriate adjustments now.
@pause
@cls
echo  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
echo  ³ Now printing                                             ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³ A worksheet to help you analyse your BBS, and a          ³
echo  ³ discussion of that worksheet.                            ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
@copy product.txt prn
@cls
echo  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
echo  ³ Next, a survey I would like to have filled out and       ³
echo  ³ returned.  Again, those addresses are:                   ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³ Robert Parson                                            ³
echo  ³ 2501 Phoenix                                             ³
echo  ³ Fort Smith, AR 72901                                     ³
echo  ³ Paradox of Arkansas BBS (501) 484 0944/(501) 484 1043    ³
echo  ³ Jackalope Junction BBS (501) 785 5381                    ³
echo  ³ Internet r.parson@genie.geis.com                         ³
echo  ³ Fido 1:3822/1                                            ³
echo  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
echo    Is your printhead at the top of the page?
echo    If not, please make the appropriate adjustments now
@pause
echo  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
echo  ³ Now printing                                             ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³ The BBS-PR Customer Service Survey                       ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³ There is no registration charge for using                ³
echo  ³ The Computer Bulletin Board Guide to Public Relations    ³
echo  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
@copy survey.txt prn
@cls
echo  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
echo  ³ I am available for Public Relations Consultation for a   ³
echo  ³ fee.                                                     ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³ This next file is my rate schedule.                      ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³ Robert Parson                                            ³
echo  ³ 2501 Phoenix                                             ³
echo  ³ Fort Smith, AR 72901                                     ³
echo  ³ Paradox of Arkansas BBS (501) 484 0944/(501) 484 1043    ³
echo  ³ Jackalope Junction BBS (501) 785 5381                    ³
echo  ³ Internet r.parson@genie.geis.com                         ³
echo  ³ Fido 1:3822/1                                            ³
echo  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
echo    Is the printhead at the top of the page?
echo    If not, make the appropriate adjustments now
@pause
@cls
echo  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
echo  ³ Now printing                                             ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³ The Public Relations Consultation Rate Card              ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³ Among the items available:                               ³
echo  ³ News Release Writing                 $25                 ³
echo  ³ Analysis of News Stories             $50                 ³
echo  ³ BBS-PR:  The Seminar (for groups)    $2000               ³
echo  ³          (see printed file for details)                  ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³ Robert Parson                                            ³
echo  ³ 2501 Phoenix                                             ³
echo  ³ Fort Smith, AR 72901                                     ³
echo  ³ Voice phone 501 646 9332                                 ³
echo  ³ Paradox of Arkansas BBS (501) 484 0944/(501) 484 1043    ³
echo  ³ Jackalope Junction BBS (501) 785 5381                    ³
echo  ³ Internet r.parson@genie.geis.com                         ³
echo  ³ Fido 1:3822/1                                            ³
echo  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
@copy pr-rates.txt prn
@cls
echo  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
echo  ³                        ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿                      ³
echo  ³                        ³ ALL DONE!³                      ³
echo  ³                        ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ                      ³
echo  ³ Thank you for using                                      ³
echo  ³ The Computer Bulletin Board Guide to Public Relations    ³
echo  ³                                                          ³
echo  ³ Don't forget to send in your Customer Service Survey!    ³
echo  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
::::::::::::::
product.txt
::::::::::::::




                         ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                         ³The Computer Bulletin Board³
                         ³ Guide to Public Relations ³
                         ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

                                    Ver 1.6




                                 BBS Analysis






















































                                ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                                ³BBS INVENTORY³
                                ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

BBS Name__________________________     Sysop_________________________

# of Lines__________     Highest Speed__________  Slowest ___________

Software____________     CPU speed________  HD size_______ speed_____

Graphics:  Ansi   Rip   NAPLPS   JPEG     Other (specify) ___________

General Interest?  y/n     or  Special Focus (specify)?  ____________

# of Users ________  # of Active Users _______  Average User Age ____

Predominantly Male/Female                       Aliases permitted y/n

Subscription (price)________  Variable access for variable price  y/n

Donations y/n    Free  y/n 

                                    FILES

# of File Areas_________   # of CD-ROMS________   FREQ permitted? y/n

Virus Check?  y/n                        Outdated files deleted?  y/n

Primary Archive Type  PKZip    ARJ    ARC   PAK   Other______

File Distribution Network? y/n   Adult Files? y/n    Youth Files? y/n

                                   MESSAGES

# of Message Bases____________   # Local__________  # Echos__________

Echo Networks    _______  _______  _______  _______  _______  _______

Adult Message areas? y/n                     Youth Message areas? y/n

Offline Mail Reader  .QWK?______    Proprietary?______   Both?_______

Is mail compression type user configurable? y/n

                                    DOORS

# of Single Player Games__________   # of Multi-Player Games_________

#  of Magazines/Newspapers_________   #  of Databases_________

                                     MISC

Bulletins:   How Many?_______              Updated frequently?_______

Node Chat?  y/n

Association memberships   _______  _______  _______  _______  _______










                                ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                                ³Your Product³
                                ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

              You have to think of your BBS as a product.  Whether you 
         have a 32 line commercial BBS, a single line hobby board or 
         somewhere in between, you are selling a service.  Just as 
         with any other product, you have to decide where and how your 
         public relations efforts should best be spent.  

              Now may be a good time to look at your BBS and take an 
         inventory.  The Inventory included at the beginning of this 
         file will help you take stock of the strengths and weaknesses 
         of your BBS.  Some of these things you may already have 
         thought of.  Others possibly not.  Whatever the case may be, 
         this is a very subjective matter and there are no right or 
         wrong answers.

              We'll take this step by step and briefly examine some of 
         the immediate public relations problems your BBS may present 
         and some ways to solve those problems.

              I want you to bear in mind that it is NOT my intention 
         to tell you how to run your BBS.  In addition, I don't think 
         there are any "bad" features for a BBS, except of course 
         those that are patently illegal.  If anything like that is 
         implied, it wasn't intended.


         BBS NAME:

              The name of your BBS should be chosen very carefully and 
         it should be in keeping with the overall tone of the BBS.  
         Chances are you wouldn't want to call your BBS "Thunder of 
         Cloven Hooves" if the emphasis is on scholarly Biblical 
         discussions.


         Sysop:

              If you are known to users mainly as the Sysop, that 
         could be creating an aloof image.  That could be the image 
         you want.  On some larger boards with staffs that may be the 
         best way to handle administrative duties.  But if you want to 
         have a more folksy and personable board you need to make 
         yourself known.  Create an account with your name, if you 
         haven't already done so.  Encourage users to refer to you 
         with your name, instead of The Sysop.







                                                    YOUR PRODUCT pg 1










                    General Interest/Special Focus

              You may want to have a BBS with a little bit of 
         everything for everybody.  Even with cable becoming more 
         prevalent, the three major broadcast networks still have the 
         largest viewership.  A General Interest BBS with a very large 
         plate to offer will draw users but could overwhelm some 
         users, especially new users.  

              A BBS with a specific interest runs the risk of being 
         too narrowly defined.  There is probably a market for a BBS 
         about horse racing jockeys six feet and taller with green 
         eyes, but it's also so specialized it would attract few 
         callers (if any).


         Users

              Most BBS have very large user lists.  Many of those 
         lists are bogus in that they reflect all the people that have 
         visited since the BBS was established.  Some Sysops routinely 
         clean the chaff out of the user lists.  This is a good idea 
         in that it makes it easier for Sysops to keep track of who is 
         active and who is not.  In addition it helps users who log in 
         only occasionally.  If a user hasn't logged on recently he 
         has usually lost track of what happened the last time he was 
         on.  It reminds occasional users that it might be a good idea 
         to stop in more often.


         Money:

              As I'm sure you are aware, a Bulletin Board can cost a 
         lot to operate.  The trend is to charge some kind of 
         subscription.  There are a number of different ways in which 
         to do this.  A very large portion of the BBS community 
         believes that charging for access violates the spirit of 
         freedom of information that has been intertwined with 
         personal computers since their introduction.  You will face 
         that sort of resistance, especially if your BBS has had a 
         history of access at no charge.


         FILES:

              File areas are arguably the heart of a BBS.  And just as 
         with a human heart, they can create a huge amount of trouble 
         if not properly taken care of.    

              File Requests can be a valuable promotional tool.  Many 
         software companies allow potential buyers to request a demo 




                                                     YOUR PRODUCT pg 2










         from their support board to try the software before 
         purchasing it.  Some BBSs allow downloads of certain 
         informational files without having the caller registered or 
         verified.  This is potentially a very powerful feature and 
         probably should be implemented on your BBS if it isn't 
         already.  A file explaining your policies, the message bases 
         available, some hints on how to use your BBS (especially if 
         it uses a less well known software package), and maybe even a 
         registration or subscription form.  This gives the user an 
         idea of what your BBS is like and can leave him with a good 
         feeling in that he received something without having full 
         access.

              BBSs are commonly cited as a major source of computer 
         viruses.  If you take great pains to check all files for 
         viruses before making them publicly available then you can 
         put many users' minds at ease.  Make sure you promote that 
         often on your BBS and in any advertising you do.  Sometimes a 
         virus will sneak through even the best virus checkers.  Track 
         down the offending file, delete it and apologize to those who 
         downloaded it.  But gently remind users that you are not 
         responsible for damage caused by the virus.  They downloaded 
         and used it at their own risk.


         Message Bases:

              If File Areas are the heart of a BBS, then the Message 
         Bases are the soul of your BBS.  That is where your users 
         have the biggest opportunity to contribute to the board.  
         This is also where you have the biggest opportunity to set 
         the image of the BBS.  Your message bases can be wide and 
         varied or narrow and focused on just a few topics.  Keep in 
         mind not everyone is going to be tactful and considerate.  
         Some are rude and downright mean.

              Nationally echoed message bases can be a valuable asset 
         to your board.  But there will be times when there are 
         matters of interest in Waxahachie, Texas that folks in Erie, 
         Pennsylvania won't be interested in.  Chances are you have at 
         least one message base that is specific for local matters.  
         You may want to consider opening up a few others depending on 
         the demand from your users.     


         DOORS:

              Your choice of Door programs create a twofold public 
         relations challenge right out of the box.  First, there may 
         be times in which you add a door that doesn't quite fit the 





                                                     YOUR PRODUCT pg 3










         image you are trying to create on your BBS.  In that case 
         it's a fairly simple matter to remove the door program.  
         Second, a very popular door could tie up your BBS for hours a 
         day with just a few users, causing frustration to others.  
         This is particularly true of games.  


         MISC:

              Most BBSs run a screen full of Bulletins when the user 
         logs on.  These bulletins should be updated as often as 
         possible.  Callers need to know what's going on with your 
         BBS, even if it's just the latest scores for "Red Dragon."  
         Most users don't read the bulletins on a regular basis.  But, 
         they leave the impression that you have a "happening" BBS.  A 
         business owner I once worked for said to me "The impression 
         that we have business generates business."  He always made 
         sure there were cars in front of his business, even if they 
         belonged to employees.  Your bulletins can be the cars in 
         front of your business.  

              Curiously, though, a lot of bulletins can also turn away 
         a user.  If you have a potload of bulletins, you might want 
         to think about moving some to areas in which they are more 
         appropriate.  Bulletins of game scores might be moved to a 
         gaming conference, as an example.  Rules, policies and news 
         should be the primary considerations when developing log on 
         bulletins.  

              There are several BBS and Sysop groups and associations 
         that you can become a member of.  There might even be one or 
         more in your area.  They are sources of support, solutions, 
         and other information.  If you are having trouble with 
         another sysop, the association can be a place to arbitrate 
         your difficulties.  If worse comes to worse and you run afoul 
         of the law as a result of your BBS, the group may be able to 
         put you in touch with some legal help.

              A meeting can also provide you with the opportunity to 
         unwind after a hard day of slaving over a hot keyboard.  I 
         strongly recommend joining a group.














                                                     YOUR PRODUCT pg 4










                                ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                                ³GOAL SETTING³
                                ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


              Even if you don't run a commercial BBS, you should think 
         of it as a business.  There is hardly any business that does 
         not take an inventory on a regular basis.   Any business that 
         does not analyze itself occasionally is doomed to failure.

              Every six months or so, sit back and look at where your 
         BBS has been, where it's at and where it's going.  Do you 
         have specific goals in mind?  What are you doing to meet 
         those goals?  How is your Public Relations campaign 
         reflecting the climb toward those goals?

              Whatever you are up to, PROMOTE, PROMOTE, PROMOTE.  Tell 
         your users what's going on.  Tell your co-workers.  Tell the 
         dog.  Get the word out on the street somehow.  

              This is only a cursory look at some the things you 
         should be aware of from a public relations standpoint as you 
         examine your BBS.  You might want to do things differently.  
         Public relations is an art, and you may prefer to do yours in 
         oil while I prefer chalk.

              I encourage you to write me and let me know what your 
         are doing in the area of Public Relations.

         Robert Parson
         2501 Phoenix
         Fort Smith, AR 72901
         501 646 9332 (voice)
         Paradox of Arkansas BBS 501 484 0944/501 484 1043
         (Fred Ayers, Sysop)
         Jackalope Junction BBS 501 785 5381 (Steve Prado, Sysop)
         internet   r.parson@genie.geis.com
         GEnie      R.Parson
         Fido       1:3822/1
















                                                     YOUR PRODUCT pg 5


::::::::::::::
pr-rates.txt
::::::::::::::
                            ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                            ³BBS Public Relations³
                            ³ Aphelion Promotions³
                            ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

                                 Robert Parson
                                 2501 Phoenix
                             Fort Smith, AR 72901
                             501 646 9332 (voice)

                                  Support BBS
                    Paradox of Arkansas (Fred Ayers, Sysop)
                           501 484 0944/501 484 1043
                    Jackalope Junction (Steve Prado, Sysop)
                                 501 785 5381

                       Internet r.parson@genie.geis.com
                                 Fido 1:3822/1

                                ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                                ³  BBS Rate  ³
                                ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


    News Releases                      $25.00 per News Release 
               
    News Analysis                      $50.00 (BBS must provide newspaper 
                                       clippings, audio cassettes and VHS 
                                       video tapes of stories to be 
                                       reviewed)

    Interview Coaching (in person)     $300.00 + expenses

    BBS Launch Services                $500.00 + expenses (non profit BBS)
                                       $1000.00 + expenses(for profit BBS)

    BBS Analysis                       $100 + LD costs (non profit)
                                       $250 + LD costs (for profit)


                        ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                        ³Sysop Association/Group Rate³
                        ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    News Releases                      $50.00 per News Release 
               
    News Analysis                      $150.00 (Association must provide 
                                       newspaper clippings, audio cassettes 
                                       and VHS video tapes of stories to be
                                       reviewed)

    Interview Coaching (in person)     $600.00 + expenses

    BBS Analysis (community-wide)      call for rates





                                                    CONSULTATION RATES pg 1










                             ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                             ³BBS-PR: The Seminar³
                             ³       $2000       ³
                             ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    The BBS-PR Seminar is an intense workshop designed to give Sysops more 
    detailed information about Public Relations and the News Media.  The 
    Seminar uses The BBS Guide to Public Relations as a basis.

                              ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                              ³Research Services³
                              ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

                                 Media Market
                         $15 per hour (one hour min.)
    Names, addresses and phone numbers for TV, Radio and Newspaper outlets 
    in your community.

                                Market Research
                                Call for Rates
              Design, conduct and analyze consumer market surveys


                             ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                             ³  DAMAGE CONTROL  ³
                             ³CALL 501 646 9332!³
                             ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

    Even though News Analysis is one option available for personalized 
    consulting, you are invited to send News Releases, newspaper clippings, 
    and audio and (vhs) video tapes without obligation.  This is part of a 
    continuing project to keep track of Public Images of BBSs.
          





















                                                    CONSULTATION RATES pg 2








                               ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
                               ºBBS-PR Supportº
                               ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼

         Support for The Computer Bulletin Board Guide to Public 
         Relations is available on Paradox of Arkansas BBS, Jackalope 
         Junction BBS, on GEnie and through the Internet via my GEnie 
         address.

                            Paradox of Arkansas BBS
                               Fred Ayers Sysop
                           501 484 0944/501 484 1043
                            Jackalope Junction BBS
                               Steve Prado Sysop
                                 501 785 5381


                                 Fido 1:3822/1

                                   Internet
                            r.parson@genie.geis.com

                                     GEnie
                                   R.PARSON
         There is also a topic supporting BBS-PR in the BBS Roundtable 
         on GEnie.

                                 To join GEnie

         1. Set your communications software to:
            o  300, 1200, or 2400 baud
            o  local echo (half duplex)
            o  7 data bits and 1 stop bit
            o  even parity
         You should save the information sent to you in a file.
         2. Tell your communications software or modem to dial:           
            In the United States:  1-800-638-8369
            In Canada:  1-800-387-8330
         3. When your modem connects, type "HHH"
            Do not type too quickly, but don't use more than a second  
            to type each one. GEnie will respond with the prompt "U#="
         4. Type "XTX99566, GENIE"
         5. Follow the instructions on the screen to apply for your       
            account.

         Before you finish, GEnie will issue you a user ID number and  
         temporary password, your GE Mail address, and GEnie access 
         numbers.

         Clients in the United States and Canada can contact GEnie's 
         Client Services Department by calling the toll-free number: 
         1-800-638-9636
         If you are a user outside the United States or Canada, call: 
         1-301-251-6475
         We are available to help you Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. To          
         midnight and Saturday, Sunday, and GEnie holidays noon to 8 
         p.m., Eastern time. If you call about a problem, please be 
         ready to tell the representative what your problem is and 
         what you were doing when it occurred.







::::::::::::::
readme.1st
::::::::::::::
              This is the Computer Bulletin Board Guide to Public 
         Relations.  It is designed to help Sysops create a Public 
         Image outside of the BBS community.  I have tried to jam as 
         much solid information about Public Relations into as small a 
         package as possible.  

              There is no intent to tell Sysops how a BBS should be 
         run.  If that is implied at any point, I apologize in 
         advance.  

              All files in this guide are (c) 1993 and 1994 Robert 
         Parson.  BBS-PR is provided free as a public service of 
         Robert Parson and Aphelion Promotions.  No donations are 
         asked for or are expected by your use of this guide.

              BBS-PR is supported on Paradox of Arkansas BBS (Fred 
         Ayers, Sysop) 501 484 0944 and 501 484 1043 and Jackalope 
         Junction BBS (Steve Prado, Sysop) 501 785 5381, and in the 
         BBS Roundtable on GEnie.

              Private Consulting Services are available at cost from 
         Aphelion Promotions.  For rates, see the file PR-RATES.TXT.


                        ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                        ³What's New! with Version 1.6!³
                        ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

              A brand spanking new section on Market Research, 
         including a sample call out survey.

              Crisis Management information.

              PRODUCT1.TXT and PRODUCT2.TXT have been combined into 
         one file (PRODUCT.TXT).

              Some sections in PRODUCT.TXT have been removed because I 
         thought I was telling Sysops how to run their BBSs.

              A nifty new print utility (PRINT-PR.BAT) that should 
         overcome some of the page break problems in previous 
         editions.  Because of this, I had to split the primary BBS-PR
         (which ran into 64K printer buffer problems) file into two 
         smaller files.  They are BBS-PR1.TXT and BBS-PR2.TXT.

              Thank you for your support of The Computer Bulletin 
         Board Guide to Public Relations.

         Robert Parson
         2501 Phoenix
         Fort Smith, AR 72901
         501 646 9332 (voice)
         501 484 0944/501 484 1043 Paradox of Arkansas,
         Fred Ayers, Sysop
         501 785 5381 Jackalope Junction, Steve Prado, Sysop
         GEnie    R.Parson
         Internet R.Parson@genie.geis.com
         Fido     1:3822/1




::::::::::::::
sdn.id
::::::::::::::
BBS-PR 1.6 The Computer Bulletin Board Guide to Public Relations
DOS 1-TEXT NEWS GUIDE JOURNALISM MEDIA RESEARCH RADIO TV NEWSPAPER
FILES: bbs-pr16.sdn

Author: Robert Parson
Registration: None!

     A set of text files to help Sysops conduct thier own Public Relations
campaign outside of the BBS Community.  Topics covered include how to write
a News Release, finding the right media contacts, how to handle an
interview, Market Research and other valuable information.

     Includes sample News Releases and a sample questionaire for Call Out
Market Research.

     If you want your BBS to get to the next level of Public Awareness, you
need to read The Guide.

     Even if you aren't a Sysop, this package can still help your group or
orginsation with its Public Relations efforts.

     Written by an established and active Broadcast Journalist, this Guide
gives you the basic tools to conduct an effective Public Relations
campaign.

Hardware Requirements: None


      (   SDN.ID Format Copyright 1994 SDN International 203.634.0370   )

::::::::::::::
survey.txt
::::::::::::::




         ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
         ³ The Computer Bulletin Board Guide to Public Relations    ³
         ³                                                          ³
         ³            Customer Satisfaction Survey                  ³
         ³                                                          ³
         ³             Private Consultation Rates                   ³
         ³                                                          ³
         ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


             Thank you for reading The Computer Bulletin Board Guide 
         to Public Relations.  Please take the time to fill out this 
         survey and return it.  Doing so puts you under no obligation 
         to send money or hire my services as a private Public 
         Relations Consultant.

              I only want to make this Guide more useful to you and 
         other Sysops.

              You can either mail this survey or upload it AS A 
         MESSAGE (not a file) to the BBS-PR Support Board, Jacalope 
         Junction (Steve Prado, Sysop).

         Thank you in advance,

         Robert Parson
         2501 Phoenix
         Fort Smith, AR 72901
         501 646 9332 (voice)
         501 484 0944/501 484 1043 Paradox of Arkansas BBS
         (Fred Ayers, Sysop)
         501 785 5381 Jackalope Junction BBS (Steve Prado, Sysop)
         Internet     r.parson@genie.geis.com
         Fido         1:3822/1
































         Name _______________________________________________________

         Mailing Address ____________________________________________

         City ______________________  State _________ Zip ___________

         BBS Name ___________________________________________________

         BBS Phone Number _________________  BBS Software ___________

         # of incoming lines _____________   # of users _____________

         Is there a fee or subscription charge for access?  How much?

         ____________________________________________________________

         Do you have adult message areas? y/n        file areas?  y/n

         Are you a member of any message networks?  If so, which ones?

          __________  __________  __________  __________  __________

         Are you a member of any File Distribution Networks?  If so, 
         which ones?

           __________  __________ __________  _________  __________

         Does your BBS have a gateway to Internet? y/n

         Did you find BBS-PR to be useful? y/n  In what manner?

         ____________________________________________________________

         ____________________________________________________________

         ____________________________________________________________


         What parts of BBS-PR did you find most useful?

         ____________________________________________________________

         ____________________________________________________________

         ____________________________________________________________

         What would you like to see expanded?

         ____________________________________________________________

         ____________________________________________________________

         ____________________________________________________________


                                          CUTSOMER SERVICE SURVEY pg 1










         Did you find anything particularly useless?

         ____________________________________________________________

         ____________________________________________________________

         ____________________________________________________________

         Before reading BBS-PR, what sort of Public Relations efforts 
         were you conducting?

         ____________________________________________________________

         ____________________________________________________________

         ____________________________________________________________

         Did reading BBS-PR cause you to make any Public Relations 
         efforts?  If any, what were they?

         ____________________________________________________________

         ____________________________________________________________

         ____________________________________________________________

         Other Comments

         ____________________________________________________________

         ____________________________________________________________

         ____________________________________________________________


         Where did you get your copy of the Computer Bulletin Board 
         Guide to Public Relations?  ______________________________

         __________________________________________________________

         Would you be interested in a newsletter dealing with Public 
         Relations matters for BBSs?  y/n













                                          CUSTOMER SERVICE SURVEY pg 2


