  Hi I run a PCBoard BBS in Indianapolis, and have been running BBS's for
 10 years now.  I have one of the origional PCBoard serial numbers, my BBS
 is of good size "18 public nodes, 4 gigs, and around 900 conferences".  I
 do know what I am doing.  This is not an ad for my BBS, so I will not leave
 a phone number.

  After careful consideration I have come to the conclusion that I should
warn everyone about Intelec and Cliff Whatkins.  I have had numerous 
problems with his flagrant authority and the way he runs his network.


  Cases in point:

     1.  I joined his network because he said it was a lot less hassels than
         RIME.  I have had more problems with Cliff than anyone else I call
         to run mail with.  I was calling him directly to get the Intelec, 
         Interzone, and Vnet conferences.  I was not allowed to get mail for
         over 2 months because I had an incorrect tag line.  I called him
         and left messages on his system for these 2 months trying to get
         back on.  He would not do it until he had time to actually verify
         my tag line in my config file for rnet; wouldn't even let me run a
         test message to him to verify it.  On top of that I sat here calling
         him at least 24 times, and he was never in.  Finally I got him to 
         look at my config file and let me back on.


     2.  I was notified about 4 weeks ago that he had too many sysops getting
         mail from his system.  I was told bluntly to call another system 
         of his choosing to get the mail.  I was getting about 200 conferences
         from him.  I told him it would take me a little while to reconfigure
         rnet for another bbs system.  The next day I no longer had access to
         get onto Cliffs BBS.  The guy he gave me to does not have the same
         mail door, nor does he have the conferences numbered the same.  I 
         spent all day Saturday loading new software, getting it to work, and
         matching conference numbers.  I was notified by the new guy that
         his system is so busy "SMALL 2 LINES" that I need a time slot to call
         in to get the mail.  He also does not carry all of the conferences 
         that I picked up from Cliff Watkins at Intelec.  I just recieved
         a message from the sysop of the new system that he talked to Cliff
         and Cliff said "TOUGH".  So now I have conferences configured on my
         system and have no mail access to update them!!!  


        WHAT A CROCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


     If you are thinking about joining Intelec, then think twice!  This is
     what I just went through and thought that I should warn everyone. 

          