 Type 
Read Text Files


Enter Filename : MORITZ.TXT
MORITZ.TXT   - Text file describing bill moritz's act.
Complete description of the Bill Moritz Affair, Circa 6/1/90-11/1/90

By Kevin Paradine, Sysop, Zeppelin BBS (908) 929-2790

Due to popular demand for the reason he was deleted from virtually every 
BBS in Ocean County, this document has been created.

Bill Moritz was a common user of the local area BBS's.  There were several 
incidents in the past where he had to be reprimanded and his messages 
deleted for their venomous or libelous content.  This in and of itself, was no 
reason to delete Mr.  Moritz.  

However, after a long period of absence from the local BBS's, Bill Moritz 
logged into the Dragon's Head Inn [(908) 244-5258, Sysops Mark Notte and 
Robert Hoatson], leaving a message to a person, whose name will be 
withheld, encouraging him to join a group of 'hackers' which Bill Moritz was 
a member of.  It described how they had a pirate BBS where the collected 
virii and practiced crashing bulletin boards.  We have this note collected 
along with all other material pertaining to this ongoing incident.

Of course, since 'hacking' is highly dissapproved of by all sysops, the 
management of Dragon's Head Inn inquired with Bill Moritz.  We contacted 
-- more --him by voice from the Golden Cat [(908) 341-5458, Sysop Susan Stultz].  Mr. 
Moritz responded with the following comments.

1.  Your BBS's will be attacked by viruses and 'hackers' if you delete me.
2.  You can't prosecute me, I'm a minor.

Upon telling him he was already deleted, he then proceeded to make threats 
against all our bulletin board systems.

Bill Moritz, after that night, dissapeared from the BBS scene until very 
recently.  He has now reappeared under the alias "Kieth Oneil" (sic).  He then 
proceeded to make further threats to other individuals (not the sysops)

1.  He knows all the phone numbers of local sysops (voice) and plans on    
making prank calls upon them.
2.  He asserts to having moved (untrue).
3.  He threatens to plant virii upon said systems again.
4.  Plans on visiting sysop's homes and vandalizing them.
5.  Claims responsibility for erasing the Dragon's Head Inn (all files were 
eliminated by a virus approximately Oct. 1, 1990)

Needless to say, Bill Moritz would be in the juvenile holding tank if any of 
us took this little moron seriously, but, this is the reason why he was 
-- more --deleted.  I advise any sysop to beware his presence on their board, and to 
watch him closely if you are unwise enough to allow him on.

Kevin Paradine
11/1/90



[V] INCLUDE:  Type 
Read Text Files