                I M P O R T A N T  N E W S  R E L E A S E
                -----------------------------------------

               F R O M  M O D E M N E W S  M A G A Z I N E

                           September 10, 1991

ModemNews recently became aware of the following message, among many
that have been circulating on the boards recently;

   Dave Harnett #1 @9450 Tue Aug  27 19:26:21 1991

   Information from the New York State of Taxation and Finance
   (publication number N-91-34 ? dated 7/91)

   "Effective September  1, 1991, all prewritten software will be 
   subject to New York State and local sales tax.  The sale of 
   prewritten software includes any transfer of title or possession, 
   any exchange, barter, rental, lease or license to use, including 
   merely the right to reproduce.  The only software which will now be 
   considered exempt is software designed or written to the 
   specification of a specific purchaser. The medium by which the 
   software is transferred to the purchaser has no effect on its 
   taxability."

Okay, so there you have it in part.  Many readers called us and asked
our opinion on the subject and we have done better than that, we have
gone right to the New York State Division of Tax and Finance.

According to Spokesperson Paul Rickard, the writer of the previous
message is correct, yet the interpretaion is not nearly as sinister as
it seems.  Let us try to explain to you what this new tax statute will
mean to the average SysOp and BBS caller in the Empire State.

What this law does, is simply add software to the list of items which
is now covered by the NYS Sales Tax laws.  Just as you would pay State
sales taxes on software you purchase in a retail store, so you would
now also pay sales taxes on software that was written and sold to a
customer in New York State.

This means that as an author of software, you are now responsible to
collect the normal sales tax due the state.  For example, you create
a software package called "FILENAME", and you live in Albany, New 
York.  You release this software as shareware and it finds it's way 
onto BBS's across the state and across the nation.  So far, no 
problem.  John Doe of Binghamton downloads this software from a BBS, 
likes it, and does his duty and sends you the registration fee.  At 
this point, since the SALE WAS MADE WITHIN THE STATE OF NEW YORK, you 
are responsible to collect sales taxes on that sale.  Simple.  Had the
purchaser been a resident of Albuquerque, you would not have to
collect sales taxes from him.

What does this mean for SysOps?  Here is where things get confusing.

If a System Operator considers his BBS as "hobby", this means that he 
does NOT use the BBS as a business expense, and does not solicit fees 
for use of the system, he will still fall outside this new statute and 
nothing need change.  If however, the SysOp does solicit funds to run 
his BBS, then he is classified as an "Information Service" and then
must collect sales taxes on the received fees and file his BBS 
activities along with his NYS Tax forms, usually as a simple business.

To sum this all up in a manner that all will understand, the simple
transfer of files between a BBS and a caller may remain unaltered and
unchanged in the current manner.  However, if a software author
resides in New York State and he sells his software to a user who
LIVES IN New York State, then he is required, by law, to collect sales
taxes on that sale, just as any other small or large businessperson.

If we at ModemNews can be of further service to you, either in
interpreting this statute, or in getting you further information
please feel free to contact us either at our BBS (516) 679-0674 or via
our Conference on RelayNet.

Jeff Green, Publisher
ModemNews Magazine
