??[104] OKC Sysop Echo (1:147/3008) ??????????????????????????????????SYSOP147 ?? Msg  : 59 of 61                                                                
 From : Tony Davis                          1:147/1         10 Mar 94  12:38:00 
 To   : All                                                                     
 Subj : 1 OF 3 (Combined to form single file on 03/10/94)                                                                 
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
             IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR
                 THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF OKLAHOMA


ANTHONY A. DAVIS, INDIVIDUALLY AND )
DOING BUSINESS AS THE OKLAHOMA     )
INFORMATION EXCHANGE AND DOING     )
BUSINESS AS MID-AMERICA DIGITAL    )
PUBLISHING COMPANY, GAYLA DAVIS,   )
AND JOHN BURTON, INDIVIDUALS,      )
AND TSI TELECOMMUNICATIONS         )
SPECIALISTS, INC., AN OKLAHOMA     )
CORPORATION                        )
                                   )
          Plaintiffs,              )
vs.                                ) Case No.:
                                   )
THE CITY OF OKLAHOMA CITY, A       )
MUNICIPAL CORPORATION AND THE      )
OKLAHOMA CITY POLICE DEPARTMENT,   )
AND OFFICERS ANTHONY GRACEY, MARK  )
WENTHOLD AND GREGORY TAYLOR IN     )
THEIR OFFICIAL CAPACITIES AS       )
OKLAHOMA CITY POLICE OFFICERS AND  )
AS INDIVIDUALS                     )
                                   )
          Defendants,              )



                             COMPLAINT

     Anthony A. Davis, Individually and doing business as the
Oklahoma Information Exchange and Doing Business as Mid-America
Digital Publishing Company, Gayla Davis, and John Burton,
Individuals, and TSI Telecommunications Specialists, Inc., an
Oklahoma Corporation, the Plaintiffs above named, for their Complaint
against the Defendants, The City of Oklahoma City, a municipal
corporation and the Oklahoma City Police Department, and Officers
Anthony Gracey, Mark Wenthold and Gregory Taylor, in their official
capacities as Oklahoma City Police Officers, and additionally,
against Anthony Gracey, Mark Wenthold and Gregory Taylor, in their
individual capacities, state as follows:

                             JURISDICTION

     1.  Plaintiff Anthony A. Davis is an adult resident of McLoud,
Cleveland County, State of Oklahoma.  The businesses called the
Oklahoma Information Exchange (hereafter "OIE") and Mid-America
Digital Publishing Company (hereafter "Mid-America") were operated
from an office at 1501 S.E.  66th Street, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
County, Oklahoma.  Plaintiff Gayla Davis is an adult resident of
McLoud, Cleveland County, Oklahoma.  Plaintiff John Burton is an
adult resident of Midwest City, Oklahoma County, Oklahoma.  Plaintiff
TSI Telecommunications Specialists, Inc. (hereafter "Teleco") is an
Oklahoma Corporation whose principal place of business at all
relevant times herein was 1501 S.E. 66th, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
County, Oklahoma.

     2.  Defendant the City of Oklahoma City (hereafter "City"), is a
political subdivision of the State of Oklahoma, with its principal
location in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma; the Oklahoma City Police
Department (hereafter "OCPD") is an agency of the City; Defendants
Anthony Gracey, Mark Wenthold and Gregory Taylor were, at all times
relevant herein, police officers employed by OCPD and the City, and
they are sued herein in their official capacities for official acts
purportedly taken under color of their agency and under color of the
official duties and exercises of governmental power vested upon them
ex officio by the City and by the laws of the State of Oklahoma.  All
acts herein complained occurred within Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
County, State of Oklahoma.  Defendants Gracey, Wenthold and Taylor
are further sued in their individual capacities for acts taken under
color and authority of their official position as OCPD officers, but
which in truth and fact were undertaken outside the authority and
proper use of their position, and in violation of the Plaintiffs'
rights.

     3.  This action is brought pursuant to Title 18, United States
Code, Sections 2510 et. seq., known as the Electronic Communications
Privacy Act; Title 42, United States Code, Section 2000aa et.seq.,
known as the Privacy Protection Act; and Title 42, United States
Code, Section 1983, directly under the First and Fourth Amendments to
the Constitution of the United States of America.  Accordingly,
jurisdiction of this Honorable Court is invoked under provisions of
Title 28 United States Code, Section 1343 (3) and also under the
First and Fourth Amendment of the Constitution to redress the
deprivation, under color of law of certain acts by the defendant City
of Oklahoma City, by and through its police department and the
individual police officers named herein; said acts caused a violation
of the rights, privileges and immunities secured to the plaintiffs by
the Constitution and Laws of the United States.

             FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS COMMON TO ALL COUNTS

     4.  In 1984, plaintiff Anthony Davis created an electronic
bulletin board system he named the Oklahoma Information Exchange
(OIE).  By 1993, OIE had become the largest bulletin board in
Oklahoma with over Two Thousand (2000) subscribers from throughout
the United States.  Subscribers used their personal computers and a
modem to dial in and access OIE.  Once users "logged on", they chose
from a variety of on-line services.  These services ranged from the
sending or receiving of electronic messages (known as e- mail),
searching databases of information, and "downloading" (copying files
within OIE into the user's computer).

     5.  OIE subscribers often "uploaded" computer programs
(electronically sending information from the subscribers computer to
OIE) into the OIE system.  These type of computer programs are
generally referred to as "shareware" or "public domain" software.
Such programs are customarily exchanged free of charge among computer
users.  After years of accumulating these uploaded files, Davis
decided he would publish a volume of the software on compact disc.
Davis chose a compact disc as his medium since the discs can hold an
enormous number of computer programs.  The publishing of the discs
was done through a company Anthony Davis called Mid- America Digital
Publishing Company ("Mid-America").  By July 20, 1993 Mid-America had
published three (3) compact discs, printing and selling thousands of
copies of each disc.  Purchasers could place the disc in a CD-ROM
drive to convert the programs into a format to be used on the
purchaser's computer.

     6.  On July 20, 1993, the Oklahoma City Police Department
represented by Defendants Wenthold, Gracey, Taylor and several other
police officers, searched the business address of plaintiffs at 1501
S.E. 66th, Oklahoma City, pursuant to a search warrant (see Exhibit
"A").

     7. The search warrant was obtained based on the sworn affidavit
of defendant Anthony Gracey. (see Exhibit "B").  The affidavit refers
to several instances where Officer Gracey, acting as an undercover
officer, went to 1501 S.E. 66th Street and purchased compact discs
containing adult images from Anthony Davis.  The adult discs
purchased by Gracey were published by a third party, not Mid-America.
These discs contained information, which if viewed with the proper
equipment, could display allegedly pornographic images.

     8.  Defendant Gracey made contact with Anthony Davis at 1501
S.E. 66th Street on three occasions prior to July 20, 1993.  Each
time Gracey was posing as an undercover officer and attempted to buy
compact discs containing allegedly pornographic images.  On two
occasions, Davis sold Gracey adult discs published by third parties
(not Mid-America).  On the second visit, Davis told Gracey that he
had a computer network system that would allow Gracey or anyone else
to dial in and access the same information contained on the discs
which Davis sold to Gracey.  In sworn testimony, Gracey admitted that
Davis offered to take him to the back room of the office where the
computers were set up.  Gracey did not accept Davis's offer.  On his
third visit, Gracey did not inquire any further about the computer
system.  No mention of the computer network system was made in
Gracey's affidavit for warrant.

     9.  Prior to the July 20, 1993 search, Gracey told Defendant
Wenthold about the existence of the computer system.  Wenthold
conducted the July 20th search with the assistance of several other
officers.  Wenthold was present when the computer system was located
during the search.  In sworn testimony at the preliminary hearing,
Wenthold stated:  "(We) went in one room and there was a large
computer system set up, which we had discussed that he (Davis) had a
network system that he had talked about with (Gracey) when he was
making the buys.  (Gracey) had never seen the system.  He had talked
about it, so it really did not surprise us when we found it, but of
course, we couldn't describe the system in a warrant when we hadn't
seen it yet".

     10.  At the conclusion of the July 20, 1993 search, defendants
had seized the entire electronic bulletin board system.  This
included all of the hardware and software used to run OIE and all of
OIE's electronic contents (exhibit itemized list).  Within the
equipment seized was One Hundred Fifty Thousand (150,000) pieces of
electronic mail and over Five Hundred (500) megabytes of files that
subscribers had uploaded into OIE.  These uploaded files were the
material which was to be published by Mid-America Digital as their
fourth commercial compact disc.  Like the other three titles
published by Mid-America, the files for the fourth disc stored within
OIE contained no "adult" material.

     11.  The defendants have never claimed that the e-mail, the
uploaded files, or the compact discs published by Mid-America
contained any pornography.  The only items in the bulletin board
system that the defendants allege are pornographic were the four
compact discs from an outside publisher.  These four CD's were among
the sixteen compact discs whose information was accessible to OIE
subscribers.  The four allegedly pornographic discs were in a
removable disc changer connected to OIE.  Even though the defendants
removed the four adult discs and found no other adult material within
OIE, they still seized the entire OIE computer system and it's
contents.

                             COUNT I

            DEFENDANTS ACTIONS VIOLATED THE ELECTRONIC
       COMMUNICATIONS PRIVACY ACTS' PROHIBITION OF ILLEGAL
      AND UNAUTHORIZED SEIZURE OF ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS

     12.  Plaintiffs incorporate numbered paragraphs "1" through "11"
above as though fully set forth herein.

     13.  At all times material herein, plaintiff Anthony Davis,
doing business as the OIE was the provider of electronic
communications services within the meaning of 18 U.S.C.  2510 (15)
and 2707.

     14.  At all times relevant herein, plaintiffs Gayla Davis and,
John Burton, were subscribers to, or customers of, the electronic
communications services provided by OIE, within the meaning of 18
U.S.C.  2510 (15) and 2707.

     15.  As subscribers, plaintiffs Gayla Davis and John Burton
caused private e-mail (not accessible to the public), to be placed in
electronic storage within the OIE system.

     16.  While conducting the July 20, 1993 search, Defendant
Wenthold called Defendant Gregory Taylor to the search scene.
Defendant Gregory Taylor was considered a computer expert at the
OCPD.  Taylor admitted under sworn testimony that the information he
viewed while accessing OIE computers indicated the existence of
messages contained within the OIE system.

     17.  Several days after the seizure of OIE, defendant OCPD
received a letter from plaintiff Anthony Davis stating that the
computer equipment they seized contained private communications and
publishing materials.  The letter stated that the equipment had been
seized in violation of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act and
the Privacy Protection Act.  The letter requested the immediate
return of the wrongfully seized items.  The defendants never
responded to the letter.

     18.  Defendants seizure of the bulletin board system disrupted
the normal operations of the communications service operated by OIE.
After this disruption in communications, defendants did not
compensate any of the plaintiffs, as required in 18 U.S.C. Section
2706 (a).

     19.  The actions of Defendants Gracey, Wenthold and Taylor, as
described herein were knowing and intentional, made under color of
law and as agents of the OCPD.

     20.  The above described actions of the defendants led to the
illegal and unauthorized seizure of stored electronic communications
of the plaintiffs, in violation of the Electronic Communications
Privacy Act.

     21. By reason of the illegal and unauthorized seizure, plaintiff
Anthony A. Davis, individually, and doing business as OIE and
Mid-America, has suffered damages including, but not limited to, lost
income, loss of business and professional reputation, and
humiliation.  Plaintiff Anthony Davis should receive judgment in his
favor and against all defendants, and should be awarded money damages
in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 2707 (c), in an amount not less than
One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00).  Plaintiff Anthony Davis also seeks
recovery of all costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, in
accordance with 18 U.S.C. 2707 (b)(3), and any other relief the
Court deems necessary and proper.

     22.  By reason of the above described illegal and unauthorized
interception, plaintiffs Gayla Davis and John Burton should receive
judgment in their favor and against all defendants, and should be
awarded money damages in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 2707 (c) in an
amount not less than One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00).  These
plaintiffs also seek recovery of all costs, including reasonable
attorneys fees, and any other relief the court deems necessary and
proper.

                             COUNT II

            DEFENDANTS ACTIONS VIOLATED THE ELECTRONIC
       COMMUNICATION PRIVACY ACTS' PROHIBITION AGAINST THE
        ILLEGAL INTERCEPTION OF ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS

     23.  Plaintiffs incorporate numbered paragraphs "1" through "22"
above as though fully set forth herein.

     24.  The e-mail going to and from OIE subscribers was stored
electronically within the computer equipment seized by defendants.
The removal and retention of the contents of the computer equipment
constituted an interception of electronic messages in violation of
the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, as enumerated in 18 U.S.C.
 2510 et. seq.

     25. By reason of these illegal and unauthorized interceptions,
plaintiff Anthony A. Davis, individually and doing business as OIE
and Mid-America, has suffered damages including, but not limited to,
lost income, loss of business and professional reputation, and
humiliation.  Plaintiff Anthony Davis should receive judgment in his
favor and against all defendants, and should be awarded money damages
in an amount not less than One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00).
Plaintiffs also seek recovery of all costs, including reasonable
attorneys fees, in accordance with 18 U.S.C.  2520, and any other
relief the Court deems necessary and proper.

     26.  By reason of the above described illegal and unauthorized
interception, plaintiffs Gayla Davis and John Burton should receive
judgment in their favor and against all defendants, and should be
awarded money damages in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 2520 in an amount
not less than One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00).  These plaintiffs also
seek recovery of all costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, and
any other relief the court deems necessary and proper.

                            COUNT III

             DEFENDANTS ACTIONS VIOLATED THE PRIVACY
             PROTECTION ACT, 42 U.S.C. 2000aa ET SEQ.

     27.  Plaintiffs incorporate numbered paragraphs "1" through "26"
above as though fully set forth herein,

     28.  At all times relevant herein, defendant Anthony Davis,
doing business as OIE and as Mid-America, was engaged in activity
"reasonably believed to have a purpose to disseminate to the public a
newspaper, book, broadcast, or other similar form of communication,
in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce" within the meaning of
42 U.S.C. 2000aa (a) and (b).

     29.  OIE's publishing activities included, but were not limited
to:  making available to users electronically formatted copies of
current periodicals, informational databases for on-line research,
and providing "chat lines" allowing users to type in their views,
allowing other users to respond or simply read the ongoing
discussion.

     30.  Mid-America's publishing activities included, but were not
limited to, compiling computer software and printing the software on
compact discs.  These compact discs were then marketed and sold to
the public.

     31.   The publishing activities of OIE and Mid-America were
never targets of the defendants search for allegedly pornographic
discs.  At the conclusion of the July 20, 1993 search the defendants
had seized 57 compact discs published by third parties, which
defendants alleged were pornographic.  The defendants left
approximately Two Thousand (2000) compact discs at the scene.  These
discs were multiple copies of the three disc titles published by
Mid-America.  The discs left behind had the company name "Mid-
America Digital Publishing" and the address "1501 S.E. 66th, Oklahoma
City, OK" stamped in bold letters on each disc.  All the discs were
in clear plastic cases.

     32.  Defendants removed all of OIE's computer equipment,
including the 1.2 gigabyte hard drive in the OIE system.  Within this
large hard drive was approximately 500 megabytes of software
scheduled to be published on Mid-America's next disc.  Defendants
removal of the computer equipment and subsequent failure to return
it, permanently halted OIE's  and Mid-America's publishing
activities.

     33.  The actions of Defendants Gracey, Wenthold, and Taylor as
described herein were knowing and intentional, done under color of
law while acting as agents of the OCPD.

     34.  By reason of the unauthorized seizure of the above
described publishing materials, plaintiff Anthony Davis, individually
and doing business as OIE and Mid-America, has suffered damages,
including but not limited to, lost income, and loss of business and
professional reputation.  Plaintiff Anthony Davis should receive
judgment in his favor and against all defendants, and should be
awarded money damages in an amount not less than One Thousand Dollars
($1000.00).  Plaintiff also seeks recovery of all costs, including
reasonable attorneys fees, and any other relief the Court deems
necessary and proper.

                             COUNT IV

              DEFENDANTS SEARCH AND SEIZURE VIOLATED
           PLAINTIFFS RIGHTS UNDER THE FOURTH AMENDMENT

     35.  Plaintiffs incorporate numbered paragraphs "1" through "34"
above as though fully set forth herein.

     36.  Plaintiff Anthony Davis doing business as OIE and Mid-
America had a reasonable expectation of privacy in the business
premises and the work product within the office, including the data
electronically stored within the computers.

     37.  Plaintiffs Gayla Davis and John Burton, had a reasonable
expectation of privacy in the electronic communications they had
caused to be stored within the OIE.

     38.  The search and seizure described herein was not authorized
by a warrant particularly describing the place to be searched and the
things to be seized.  The search and seizure of the computer
equipment of the OIE cannot be justified by a recognizable exception
to the Fourth Amendment warrant requirement.

     39.  The search warrant itself was obtained by Defendant Gracey
based on the willful omission by Gracey of any mention of a computer
network system, or any mention of computers, within the affidavit.
Said omissions allowed the magistrate to issue the warrant without
requiring the proper information the Electronic Communications
Privacy Act or the Privacy Protection Act mandate.

     40.  The defendants knew, or reasonably should have known that
their conduct violated the clearly established constitutional right
to be free of unreasonable searches or seizures.  The defendants
Gracey, Wenthold, and Taylor acted as agents of the OCPD and under
color of law, at all times relevant herein.

     41.  By reason of the unconstitutional search and seizure,
plaintiff Anthony Davis and plaintiff Teleco have suffered damages
including, but not limited to, lost income, loss of business and
professional reputation, and humiliation.  These plaintiffs should be
awarded money damages in an amount not less than One Thousand Dollars
($1000.00).  Plaintiffs also seek recovery of all costs, including
reasonable attorneys fees, and any other relief the Court deems
necessary and proper.

     42.  The conduct of defendants Gracey, Wenthold and Taylor
evidenced an intent to willfully and intentionally violate
plaintiffs' clearly established constitutional right to be free of
unreasonable searches and seizures, or, at the least, showed a
reckless indifference to that right.  By reason of the above
described actions of defendants Gracey, Wenthold and Taylor,
Plaintiff Anthony Davis should be awarded punitive damages in the
amount of Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($200,000.00) against each
individual defendant, for a total of Six Hundred Thousand Dollars
($600,000.00).

                             COUNT V

             DEFENDANTS ACTIONS VIOLATED PLAINTIFFS
                RIGHTS UNDER THE FIRST AMENDMENT

     43. Plaintiffs incorporate numbered paragraphs "1" through "42"
above as though fully set forth herein.

     44. At all times relevant herein, the plaintiff Anthony Davis
operated OIE as a forum for speech and association protected by the
First Amendment.  The publishing of information for the on-line use
of OIE subscribers and the publishing of uploaded software within OIE
on compact discs, were free press activities protected by the First
Amendment.

     45. Inside the OIE computer system was approximately Five
Hundred (500) megabytes of electronic information to be used to
publish Mid-America's next disc.  The seizure and retention of this
information caused a prior restraint on Mid-America's next
publication, in violation of the plaintiff Anthony Davis' First
Amendment rights of freedom of the press and speech.

     46.  The seizure and retention of private electronic mail both
to and from plaintiffs John Burton and Gayla Davis constituted a
violation of these plaintiffs rights of free speech and association
under the First Amendment.

     47. Defendants Gracey, Wenthold and Taylor knew, or reasonably
should have known, that their conduct violated clearly established
First Amendment rights of freedom of speech, freedom of the press,
and freedom of association.  These individual defendants acted as
agents of the OCPD and acted under color of law.

     48. By reason of the seizure in violation of his First Amendment
rights, plaintiff Anthony A. Davis, individually and doing business
as OIE and Mid-America, has suffered damages including, but not
limited to, lost income, loss of business and professional
reputation, and humiliation.  Plaintiff Anthony Davis should receive
judgment in his favor and against all defendants, and should be
awarded money damages in excess of One Thousand Dollars ($1000.00).
Plaintiff also seeks recovery of all costs, including reasonable
attorneys fees, and any other relief the Court deems necessary and
proper.

     49.  By reason of the above described seizure in violation of
their First Amendment rights, plaintiffs Gayla Davis and John Burton
should receive judgment in their favor and against all defendants,
and should receive money damages in an amount not less than One
Thousand Dollars ($1000.00).  Plaintiffs seek recovery of all costs,
including reasonable attorneys fees, and any other relief the court
deems necessary and proper

     50.  The conduct of defendants Gracey, Wenthold and Taylor
evidenced an intent to violate plaintiffs clearly established
constitutional rights of freedom of speech, freedom of the press and
freedom of association, or at least demonstrated a reckless
indifference to these rights.  By reason of the above described
actions of defendants Gracey, Wenthold and Taylor, Plaintiff Anthony
Davis is entitled to punitive damages in the amount of Two Hundred
Thousand Dollars ($200,000.00) against each defendant, for a total of
Six Hundred Thousand Dollars ($600,000.00).

     WHEREFORE, premises considered, Plaintiffs pray for judgment in
their favor and against the Defendants as stated in each Count for
their costs incurred and for such other relief to which Plaintiffs
may, in the premises, be justly entitled.

                                Respectfully submitted,



                                _________________________________
                                WILLIAM R. HOLMES, ATTORNEY, P.C.
                                OBA #11867
                                118 East Main Street
                                Norman, OK  73069
                                (405) 329-6600
                                Attorney for Plaintiffs


                        JURY TRIAL DEMANDED
