
RBBS-PC of Chicago presents.....

           The Official RBBS-PC "RBBS-In-A-Box"(tm) CD-ROM!!

   In an effort to make the setup and operation of a *good* bulletin
board system as quick, simple and painless as possible, we are happy
to annouce the RBBS-In-A-Box CD-ROM!!

   Using the laser technology of CD-ROM we have packed a ready-to-run
RBBS-PC bulletin board onto a CD-ROM.  Plug it in, run the simple,
automatic installation program and you'll be up and running....it's
just that easy! Average installation time is under five minutes!
Unlike the other shareware CDs floating around, this one was designed
from the ground up to be used by Sysops.  If you've seen any of the other
CD offerings, you'll be impressed with this one.

   This disk features the following:

   -  A system designed by an experienced Sysop especially
        for Sysops!
   -  The latest version of RBBS-PC, version 17.2A!
   -  Automatic installation of a complete, ready-to-run RBBS-PC
        system, including all menus, bulletins, welcome screens
        and help files!
   -  Over 7,000 public domain and shareware files ready for
        downloading!
   -  All files compressed using the latest ZIP format for
        maximum compression!
   -  All files categorized and organized into RBBS' File
        Management System (FMS) format for instant access through
        the BBS!
   -  CD-ROM optimized for speedy access to files!
   -  RBBS-PC Documentation files uncompressed and readily
        available to Sysop on CD-ROM!
   -  CD-ROM user can quickly find and copy any file on the CD-ROM
        in seconds through our special utility included on the disk!
   -  Supported through RBBS-PC of Chicago, with eight lines and
        a Gig of storage on-line!

  All this for $149 plus $3 shipping!!  (Illinois residents at 7%
sales tax $10.43).  To order on-line using MasterCard or Visa, contact
RBBS-PC of Chicago at (312) 352-1035, then select the A)nswer option on
the Main menu.  Choose the ORDERCD questionnaire and fill it out completely.
You'll be prompted for all the information necessary to process your order.

  Or you can mail a check for the above amount to:

        RBBS-PC of Chicago
        P.O. Box 127
        LaGrange, IL  60525-0127

  
  Allow two weeks for delivery.  For overnight deliver via
Federal Express, add $15.

  This disk was produced by RBBS-PC of Chicago, a service of
Loren D. Jones & Associates, Ltd.

