



                     The Hacker Syndrome - How they did it
                               September 5, 1986



              Be on the look out for the following 2 computer hackers
         that have recently started a raid of computer bulletin boards
         in the Southern Calif. area.
              Their names are: Steve Shaw and Pat Rajabi.  They also
         go by the following aliases: Jim Brooks, Brian Ohart, John
         Aron, Jarrod Anderson, Sysop zz, Yocon Liber, John Smith,
         Nick Rivers, Marc Williams and Max Sterling.
              They have broken into a large PCBoard in this area and
         have downloaded their membership list and crashed the board.
         They have edited this list down to all sysops that have
         logged onto this PCBoard and have been calling these boards,
         logging on as they sysop and using the sysop's password.  If
         you are a sysop and if you use different passwords you have
         nothing to fear.  But, if you use the same password for
         calling other boards and use it on your own board, you are in
         for some real trouble, especially if your system is a PCBoard
         or a Fido BBS.
              I have called some sysops about this but gave up when I
         learned that they had all ready been hit or knew about the
         breech.  If you operate a BBS-PC system you are relatively
         safe.  They will download your membership directory in search
         of more sysops and that is about all.  For other boards, they
         can be very destructive.
              When they log on to your board using your name and
         password they will quickly assign themselves top level
         security access and log off in hope of not being noticed.
              Then they will log back on using their own name, enter
         your membership records and create the above fictious names
         and give them all sysop status.  If they run out of things to
         do they will try and exit to DOS and attempt a format of your
         discs.
              I have 100 pages of docs on hand showing what they do
         and how they do it (all my boards activities are logged to
         disk) and also they were dumb enough to upload their hit list
         from a PCBoard they raided that contains names of many sysops
         not only in Calif., but also in other states.
              One sysop I talked to knows these criminal's real
         addresses and phone numbers and is contacting the
         authorities.  This sysop talked to Steve Shaw and told me
         that Steve Shaw informed him that they were out to destroy
         "every PCBoard in America."  This threat should not be taken
         lightly.  This guy means exactly what he says.  He has all
         ready proven it in this area.
              If you notice these people's names on your BBS I would
         suggest deleting your entire membership log and starting over
         requiring your members to enter with new passwords that they
         have not used before.
              If you haven't been hit, I would strongly suggest
         changing your password to your board daily or weekly.  These
         hackers are not exceptionally bright and are easy to catch if
         you are aware of how they operate.
              If you have any further questions, or if you would like
         to know if you are on their hit list please contact BBS-Buena


                                     page
                                       1




                     The Hacker Syndrome - How they did it
                               September 5, 1986


         Park at (714) 821-5014.  Don't ask for a copy of their hit
         list because I will not put it out on the boards for security
         reasons to others.  But, if you know of a Pirate BBS, I'm
         sure that this list is on their.  It is an extensive list and
         I'm sure that it has come from one of the very popular
         PCBoards in this area.  I don't know which one, if that is
         what you are asking yourself.
              I am sure that these hackers will have their fun and
         quit but until then: play it safe!

              Ken Hedgecock
              SysOp: BBS-Buena Park










[1] Tfiles: (1-8,?,Q) : 