A Basic Lifting Tutorial
------------------------

Part 1
~~~~~~
        With inflation constantly rising and the amount paid to many people
especially teenagers and college students remaining at a fixed level of
subsistence, the temptation to acquire things the old fashioned way -- stealing
them -- becomes almost unbearable.  And with managers of stores increasingly
following asinine policies and discriminating against their younger customers,
the element of revenge comes into play when considering a lift at an
establishment that has treated yourself or friends with less than the deserved
level of respect.  At this point, intelligent individuals often make the
decision to go for a shoplifting spree at the vendor of their choice.
        Your choice of store directly influences your success/failure rate for
lifting desired items.  Things to consider are popularity with other lifters,
security systems and/or personnel, location relative to your home and
merchandise carried.  A natural mistake would be to roll out of bed one Saturday
morning and trip on down the street to your local Sound Warehouse.  Stumbling in
the door, you'd surreptitiously slide over to the CD's and pick out a classic
disc by AC/DC.  Turning away from the registers, you dump it into your pocket
and truck on home.  Right?  Bzzt.  First of all, said shoplifter went to a store
near his home.  This can cause problems, because he will eventually reappear on
their doorstep.  His second mistake was not to take note of security systems and
personnel deployment as he stumbled in the door.  If goofus had looked more
closely at the CD he lifted, he would have noticed a metallic strip slimed onto
the CD's plastic wrapping.  This oversight got him nailed as he strode out
between the "lifter-detectors" by the main door.  He was probably spotted as
well by Sound Warehouse personnel on the floor of the shop as he dumped the CD
in his pants.  This lifter really made only one mistake, and that was not
thinking out his approach.  First, he should have picked a store farther away
from his home that he could scout beforehand for security systems and count
personnel.  Second, he should have realized that he was dealing with the
absolute professionals:  a record store.
        Since the dawn of time, people with stereos have created a massive
market for music.  And, like any boom, the corrupt and criminal came with the
lucrative.  Teenagers have been hitting record stores for years and gaining new
albums that way.  As a result, security has been beefed up and these people are
always wary of nervous young people.  Of any type of store to hit, and record
store is almost without exception the hardest.  It makes more sense to pick up
a high-ticket item someplace else and sell it for money to actually buy the
music needed.  No major security advance has really hit the market before being
battle-tested by a major chain of record stores.  The two-way mirrors,
detectable strips and camera systems were perfected at national music chains.
The professional shoplifter knows what he's up against in these cases and
generally avoids them.
        Most stores are blissfully clueless about crime, since sometimes
they're so badly mismanaged that minor merchandise losses don't cause a problem.
American chains are notorious for tossing a few semicompetents in the same room
and calling them management.  Under the jurisdiction of these people, massive
amount of material disappear, and it is written off as "inventory adjustment."
Record stores and other stores selling commonly-stolen products, however, are
much smarter and will nail inexperienced shoplifters on a much higher average
than any other type of store.  Most stores don't realize that with a minor
investment in security, even if it is merely dummy security such as fake two-way
mirrors, can save them large amounts of money in the long-term business
forecast.  Probably a full half of the stores in your average mall have no
security system.  From that amount, of course, must be subtracted the stores
that don't need them:  health food or furniture stores cases in point.  However,
that still leaves an impressive number of possible targets.  Of these, there
will be several that suit your needs adequately and are safe enough to allow you
to complete your task safely.
        Naturally, which store you hit depends on what you need.  The best idea
I've come up with is to visit your local mall with a pad in hand and take down
every store that sells something worthwhile, extent of security and general
observations.  Make note of how many people work there, if they have a back room
or mirrors, and if they are sloppy in their organization or if they would notice
a pin missing within seconds.  There are obvious clues to their degree of
organization.  If merchandise is piled haphazardly and displays are cluttered
with assorted junk, chances are that these people won't notice a few
disappearances.  Your best sign is a display shelf that has little or no
semblance of organization, with different items scattered throughout the shelves
without regard for classification.  A good example of this is your average
secondhand shop, which usually has shelves piled high with liberateable things.
On the other hand, if items are neatly stacked in equal rows, your chances are
quite debateable.  Also take note of salesperson habits, such as sitting at a
counter and ringing purchases or wandering around and quizzing shoppers on what
exactly they need.  A salesperson who wanders can be a blessing in a large store
but a real deterrent in a smaller establishment.  Make note of all these factors
and stow your notes in a database or file card system.  This will help you later
on when you need a last-minute item.

Part 2
~~~~~~
        Now that you have identified the target, prepare to move in and gain
new material possessions.  Your best defense, of course, is your appearance.  Do
not overdress or underdress.  Wear casual clothes, but not name brands.  If you
need to pick up something big or lots of something, bring a well-worn backpack
or wear an old jacket.  Keep the look below the little rich kid level but above
the poverty line.  Basically, don't look too affluent to care or too poor to buy.
Avoid loud or unusual colors, and shave before going.  The sleazy look always
makes a salesman who thinks he's smart keep an eye on you.  If you are not WASP,
be especially careful with your appearance, since there is still a lot of racism
present among store employees, and some of them would just love to nail you, and
will be looking for an excuse.  In this respect your entrance into the store is
doubly critical; you must be observed and written off as too unobtrusive to
screw anything up.  The people who actively man any store you will want to hit
will have been hit already, and will be somewhat wary.  Some stores react with
security systems, but most rely on salespeople and fear to keep away lifters.
You will never be hitting a virgin store, despite your best efforts.  There is
no such thing, since so many generations have preceded the current crop of
youth that every establishment in existence has lost something to shoplifters.
These people will be watching for the "typical lifter" in their minds.  Their
version of the typical lifter is merely a perception, since there is no such
animal.  A typical lifter would be a generic human being, and probably the same
with a perfect lifter.  Since they think this way, it is imperative that you
avoid looking like anything but every other schmuck your age who wanders into
the target store.  If it sells expensive things, wear more expensive clothes.
If the economic level is lower, dress to match.
        Bring only what you need to complete the job.  I recommend baggy shorts
and a T-shirt in summer and jeans, T-shirt and baggy, bulky jacket in winter.
The best shorts are khakis loaded with big, loose pockets and the best jacket
is a medium weight with two inside pockets.  I usually wear a boring white
T-shirt emblazoned with a manufacturer name to avoid inciting any interest in a
salesperson or security pig.  In one of your pockets you will probably want to
carry a Swiss Army knife and a lighter.  Both come in handy for removing
security devices, and the lighter can help you or a friend out of a bad
situation by creating a flaming diversion.  A knife also helps out when you
encounter a package that is covered with cellophane or can't be opened
inconspicuously.  Slash open the package and slip out the items desired inside.
This works especially well with software packages and calculators.  If you are
in a mall or are planning to get large items, it makes good sense to buy a bag
from a major department store.  Most sell them for a quarter, but if that isn't
availible, they can be retrieved from behind counters with a minimum of effort.
Usually, when using a bag, it makes sense to wear an extraneous item of clothing
and dump it in the bag to give the impression that you've just bought something
at the store you got the bag from.  If the store has lax security or is always
busy, you can wear a scruffy backpack in and no one will notice or care.
However, if the store has watchful people, many salesmen or is never busy, it
makes the most sense to leave the pack at home.  If you are female, you can
quite easily get away with bringing in a huge purse and loading it to the brim
with stuff once inside.  You can fill the bottom half of it with newspaper as
you go in, and discard the stuff once inside and then take what you need, and
walk out with a bag roughly as full as the one you went in with.  A female has
an additional advantage: she won't be suspected as readily as a male.  The
object is to be an unassuming and unobtrusive as possible, which most
salespeople will equate with harmless, leaving you free to perform your deeds of
thievery.

Part 3
~~~~~~

        Security systems come in many forms, and although their effectiveness
varies from store to store due to location, personnel and size, most of them can
be defeated.  A security system is anything that impedes theft other than by
personnel.  A simple example would be tying down a demonstration model of a new
Nintendo cartridge.  A more complex example would be a hidden observation post
or an ultrasound device.  Security systems have to have several qualifications
before any store will use them.  They have to be easy to operate, low profile to
serious customers, cost-benefit sound and effective to be implemented.  Ease of
use is one of the major concerns, since what employees can't figure out they
will screw up incessantly, leading to costly delays and customer relations
problems.  Also, any such system has to be low profile -- it should not be
vexing or confusing to the average consumer, who won't have the time or patience
to try and discover the nuances of a security system in the half hour they spend
in a store.  Something that is not consumer-friendly will cause consumers to go
elsewhere to spend money, and therefore is unacceptable.  Depending on the
various definitions of "consumer friendly", the number of good systems precluded
for fear of annoying potential customers varies from store to store.  These
systems also have to meet a cost-benefit analysis; they have to save enough
money for what is spent on them to keep the store's profits in line.  If the
system costs more than it saves, as in total taping of every aisle in a small
grocery store, it will probably not be implemented and surely discontinued after
a while.  Of course, the most important qualification for a security system is
its effectiveness.  Something that even a total idiot could get around would be
totally worthless and therefore not be worth considering for most stores.  An
example of this would be a magnetic system that detected merchandise going out
the "out" door only while the nearby "in" door swings both ways.  Any fool could
easily pick up the nearest stereo and walk out the "in" door, without anybody
having a clue as to what is going on.  All of these factors must be met for a
security system to be installed and continued, and if at any time one of them
ceases to hold true, the security system will in all probability be modified or
replaced.
        Security systems come in five types:  the entry system, the exit
system, a monitoring system, a deterrent system or a decoy system.  Entry and
exit systems are fairly self-explanatory.  An entry system is any form of system
that requires bag checking or has a camera trained on incoming people.
Basically, this form of system attempts to dissuade shoplifters as they come
into the store by removing their means of stolen goods transportation or their
anonymity.  These systems are sometimes the least effective, and often annoy
consumers to boot.  An example is a store that requires bag checking on the
entrance only.  The experienced lifter stuffs his empty backpack under his
jacket, goes in and passes inspection, heads to the software section, hauls out
his pack and loads up, and, slinging his backpack waltzes right out the door.
The checkers see he has nothing to buy, and say "Have a nice day!" as he leaves.
They are left out of the security loop, assuming that the entrance people took
care of the shoplifters, and don't take any notice of the lifter.  Another
example is a store that has security guards wait near the entrance, and can be
defeated with similar means.  Have a friend stop by the day before and buy
something requiring a bag or steal a few bags.  Bring one in, stuffed in your
pocket, and load it up inside the store.  On a busy day, you can stumble your
way through a line and get past the checkers without them noticing, or, if the
counter is not blocking the door just walk out with your bag full of
"purchases."  Exit security systems are more reliable, since they test for
stolen merchandise as a lifter walks out of the door.  Most common are vertical
poles around your walkway out of the store that check for magnetic strips that
have not been demagnetized by a checker.  This type of system, like an entry
system, is often self-defeating because it creates a false sense of security
among the employees, and as a result can be manipulated successfully without
them catching on.  The easiest way, by far, to get around this system is to
either remove the target merchandise from its package or remove the security
strip by fingernail, knife or flame.  For a distraction, peel off a strip and
leave it on the floor in a well-traveled area.  You will have a built in
distraction in the busy area when the lady with forty packages treads upon it
and walks out.  Bells and whistles jar into action and she is quickly surrounded
by either security people or employees, who will demand to search through every
one of her packages, while in the meantime you make your exit.  This is also a
good excuse if you're seen prying one off.  Tell them you're sorry, but that you
do enjoy setting off the security system by sticking the tabs on small children.
They will tell you to get lost, but they won't bring in any pigs.  The next
common type of system is a monitoring system.  These are by far the most
expensive, and involve using cameras and often videotape or security guards to
keep track of what is happening in the store.  There are two known ways around
these.  One is to find a place where the camera does not scan, and do your
thieving there, and the other is to pick up desired objects and either bring
them to said spot or disguise what you are doing from the camera.  An example of
the latter would be having a friend bend over you as you slip an AppleMouse into
your pocket.  Your friend shields you from the camera, and chances are they
won't even notice.  However, I prefer the former method.  It can be done, but
keep in mind that the unscanned places are often by the counter or another
heavily-patrolled area.  Generally it is best to try and avoid messing with such
systems.  Another type of system is a deterrent system.  This is the ubiquitous "
glass case" featured at Radio Shack and other fine stores.  An additional
example would be merchandise wired down to the counter.  These can be defeated
by removing the deterrent element, but this is often quite tricky and should be
used as a last resort only.  Wires can be cut with a small pair of wire cutters,
and glass cases often have sliding doors that aren't locked.  If worst comes to
worst, just put on some running shoes and smash the case in, grab your desired
objects and sprint for the door.  The last type is the decoy system.  This
includes one-way mirrors on blank walls, false security devices such as "Silent
Alarms," and fake security stickers.  There is often no way to distinguish such
a device from the real thing, but a good clue is the average price in the store.
In a cheap store, chances are these things are dummies.  However, in Sachs or
Macy's, I wouldn't bet "dropping the soap in juvie" on those mirrors being fakes.
A good way to tell a real mirror is by looking at it from all angles.  If it's
unshaded, and gives the same reflection from any angle, it's a real mirror.
However, if it is dark, especially with gold tint, and strange shapes show
behind it when the perspective of the viewer changes, it's definitely something
to watch out for.  The way around this is to check if there's anything behind
it; a camera shape or a pair of eyes mean "just say no" and leave.  Otherwise,
feel free to lift away.  Also, these devices do not cover all angles, so often
you can duck out of their perspective and quietly steal things where they cannot
see you.  Basically, there is a way around any security device, but it's much
better to select targets with weaker devices, since it leaves you more options.
Something like a security strip can always be peeled off, but avoiding a camera
severly limits what you can steal.

Part 4
~~~~~~
        When making your entrance, it is necessary to keep up the facade of the
harmless customer.  As you come into the store, you should make careful note of
several things.  The first thing you need is a personnel count.  Most stores
have "back rooms" that often contain one or more employees.  These rooms often
have one-way mirrors that allow them to keep an eye on the general populace of
the store.  As mentioned before, these aren't that effective, but can put a
damper on some thefts.  If one employee is standing around in a store that
normally has four, it is cognizant of two things.  One, there are more where
he came from, probably cleaning weapons and drinking coffee in back.  Two, it
has been a slow day, and as a result you will have trouble being unnoticed.  If
the number of salespeople is greatly reduced, wander around, ask a stupid
question and leave.  You will be too noticeable and remembered if you're the
only one in the store, so there's no point in trying anything.  The only time
this works to your advantage is when you have enough friends to distract the
salesperson and every other employee is having lunch.  Also check security
systems.  You should have a good idea of what you'll see even if you haven't
scouted the store, since most chains carry the same security setups.  Most
commonly, it will be either an observation post or two or an exit system.
Both are easily defeatable, so you'll be home free.

