8/15/89


     TO:  All Users
SUBJECT:  Written Statement
   FROM:  Sysops for Responsible Modem Use


Users of the Modem Community,

     The decline of modem responsibility is a growing problem within our
community today.  Some people are abusing their BBS calling privileges and
causing problems for the ones who are not.

     Because of this problem, THE SYSOPS FOR RESPONSIBLE MODEM USE was formed,
and met for the first time on August 13th, 1989 at 1:30pm.  This group is a
unity of GBBS sysops in the Houston area.  It seemed there was not enough
communication between the GBBS sysops, and that was what this meeting was to
remedy.  The meeting was highly successful, and all of us agreed on a number of
actions and ideas that must be carried out.

     To make a long story short, we, the SYSOPS FOR RESPONSIBLE MODEM USE, have
had enough bickering and abuse from some users in the Houston area.  We are
FIRM believers that calling a BBS is a privilege, not a right.  In order to
protect all the Bulletin Board Systems involved with this group, we are going
to increase information exchange about problem users in great detail.  This
will help keep all member sysops informed of situations on other systems, and
warn them of any problems that be heading their way.  There is no pressure on
any or all sysops to handle situations one way or the other.  All actions on a
sysop's system are determined and carried out by the sysop.  We firmly believe
that a sysop should run his/her system the way he/she wants to, and should not
be pressured by other sysops.  This information exchange will simply help the
sysop make a decision about a problem user.

The following are a few points and definitions that need to be explained:

PURPOSE OF THE SYSOPS FOR RESPONSIBLE MODEM USE:

        To increase information exchange between member sysops to better deal
        with problem users of the GBBS Community.


"Problem User" : Any user who willfully abuses another user, system, or sysop
                 publicly, whether this abuse is verbal or with actions of
                 another nature.  (This includes crashing of systems, etc.)

GROUP POLICY:


As of August 13th, 1989 all users within the Houston area are starting with a
"clean slate" so to speak.  We will not judge users by their past actions.
Some sysops have personal problems with users that are currently being handled
and the group as a whole will not take part in these proceedings.  Whatever
personal problems a sysop may have with certain users we beileve is of a
private nature and the group will take no stand either way.  But, if the
problems do overflow onto other systems and sysops, the group will stand behind
any actions that may occur within the group's limits.

If a user becomes a problem on one of the group's systems, ALL information
about the user and his actions will be relayed IMMEDIATELY to the group's
private forums for all the sysops of the group to review and comment on.  This
will give ALL SYSOPS OF THE GROUP information about the user and what kind of
person that user is.

** THIS GROUP IN NO WAY SUPPORTS THE OLD METHODS OF BLACKLISTING OR "TELE-TRIAL"
   IN ANY SHAPE OR FASHION.

    Contrary to popular belief, there is no large blacklist with names that
    we plan to wipe off the boards in Houston.  This was never even discussed.
    We believe in giving everyone a fair chance to "shape up" if they do become
    a problem. That is why we are "wiping the slate clean".

In no way are we trying to decide the fate of the modem world as some people
have tried to label us as doing.  We have no right to do such, but we do have
the right to dictate what happens on our systems.  That is the point we need to
stress to any and all users of the GBBS community.


We hope we will have your full support and cooperation.

Sincerely,

THE SYSOPS FOR RESPONSIBLE MODEM USE

Lord Capulet                    Dark Side of the Moon
Old Gray Hair                   Little Apple Board
Disk Doctor                     Club Apple
Steve Ragsdale                  Rooftop Hide-way
Tumbleweed                      The Houston Times
Will MC                         The Citadel
DKL                             Chameleon
King Kelson



         Charter Member
Sysops for Responsible Modem Use



