The TURD file on Rooftop Hypocrisy, Part II
Captured by one of our senior users


From Rooftop:


 Msg -> 5 of 6  on  Lobby
 Sub -> so long
  To -> all
From -> THE RAVEN (#250)
Date -> 08/11/89  04:03:05 PM

As of this message, I will no longer be serving as Assistant Sysop for Rooftop.
Recent events have made this decision necessary. BBSing is supposed to be a
hobby, and that's all I want out of it. As a result of my actions as Asst.
Sysop on Rooftop, some serious invasions into my private life occurred. That
kind of stuff is not supposed to happen with a hobby, and such a situation, for
me, was intolerable.

To those who think I'm backing down, I'm not.  But you're entitled to your
opinion.

To those who have offered assistance and support, I thank you.


[B1 #5 of 6] ? or Cmd [N]#R

 Msg -> 6 of 6  on  Lobby
 Sub -> Re: so long
  To -> THE RAVEN (#250)
From -> SYSTEM OPERATOR (#1)
Date -> 08/11/89  04:27:12 PM

        As you see by the previous message, Raven has stepped down as Asst.
Sysop here on Rooftop. I have also removed all other Asst. Sysops from Rooftop
for the time being. I will reinstate Asst. Sysops when the time comes and the
tempers that have flared are gone. I am sorry to loose Raven as an Asst.
because he stood up and carried out every detail I had asked of him. He acted
in every manner as I would have done myself. I am also sorry that the other
parties involved were so immature as to carry out threats against him and his
family. We at least hope he stays around here as a user.

        As Sysop here on Rooftop I do not intend in any way of turning my head
for the actions taken by the users on TURD. If you are a member of TURD, and a
member here, you probably have a very short time left here. We are in the
process of making a couple of changes that will terminate your account with us
by the actions you make here or there. Anyone found to be making rude or
slanderous remarks about Rooftop on Rooftop or any other board will be deleted.
We are a public service and will remain such with rules to be followed
strickly. I will not in any way allow any Asst. on this board to be harassed or
humiliated for their actions on this board. I am the person that runs this
board and I pick Asst. Sysops that carry out my reasonings. If you cannot deal
with these requirements, I suggest that you go ahead and find a board that you
can call that lives up to your expectations because you will not be here much
longer.

Steve

P.S. Anyone interested in acting as a future Asst. Sysop, leave feedback and I
will keep your file on hand.



Note to all concerned:

Steve Ragsdale, SysOp of Rooftop Hide-Away, has threatened our former sysop,
Royal Flush, and his parents, and our users.  He also assures us that he
"has people" on TURD.  Let it be known that any more such actions will be
viewed as actions of war where the weapons are hands, and anyone participating
will be treated as such.  Anyone found working for the Rooftop Hide-Away with
malintent toward TURD, its SysOps, or users, will be treated as a spy/combatant
and will have to face the penalties for such actions during wartime.


P.S. - Since Steve has insisted on calling us at home, and pestering us, we
figured that maybe you'd like his phone number and address in case you need
to get in touch with him.

Steve Ragsdale
646 Overbluff
Channelview, Tx 77530
(713) 452-4939 (home)
(713) 452-0346 (board)

