DOS 3.3 ANATOMY -  REFERENCES

Command Handlers can be found in the CMDS folder. Function
Handlers can be found in the FN folder. Everything else can be
found in the MISC folder.

This text file series of 'DOS 3.3 Anatomy could not have been
completed without review and use of several excellent
references.  Because DOS 3.3 utilizes monitor ROM
($F800-$FFFF) and is designed to support the Applesoft
language ($D000-$F7FF), a diverse array of sources were
consulted. Some, but not all, of the references and sources
used are listed below.

Apple Computer, Inc.  1979.  Apple II Reference Manual.  Apple
Computer Inc.  Cupertino, California.

----------.  1980.  The DOS Manual:  Disk Operating System.  Apple
Computer Inc.  Cupertino, California.

----------. 1981.  Apple II Monitors Peeled.  Apple Computer Inc.
Cupertino, California.

----------.  1984.  The Apple II Reference Manual.  Volumes 1 and
2.  Apple Computer Inc.  Cupertino, California.

----------.  1985.  Apple IIe Technical Reference Manual.  Apple
Computer Inc.  Cupertino, California.

----------.  1985.  Apple IIc  Reference Manual.  Apple Computer
Inc.  Cupertino, California.

Apple PugetSound Program Library Exchange.  1981.  Call-A.P.P.L.E.
In Depth (1):  All About Applesoft.  A Call-A.P.P.L.E. Extra.
Apple PugetSound Program Library Exchange,  Renton, Washington.
     - Should be required reading for any Applesoft BASIC         
       programmer.  (Apple PugetSound Program Library Exchange has
       since changed its name to A.P.P.L.E. CO-OP).  

---------.  1981.  Call-A.P.P.L.E. In Depth (3):  All About DOS.
A Call-A.P.P.L.E. Extra.  Apple PugetSound Program Library
Exchange,  Renton, Washington.
     - Like the previous reference listed, this book lives up to
       its name.  Although some of the articles are now dated,
       this reference is still very useful.  

Bredon, Glen.  1984.  MERLIN:  The Macro Assembler for the Apple.
Roger Wagner Publishing, Inc.  Santee, California.
     - A high quality 6502 assembler.
     - Contains a utility and a series of text files for producing
       a commented source code listing of Applesoft BASIC.

Cavallari, Ford.  1982.  MICRO on the Apple Vol. 3 (DOS 3.3)
MICRO Ink, Inc. Chelm, Massachusetts.

East, M.L. and F.B. East.  1985.  Programmers' Handbook of
Computer Printer Commands.  Cardinal Point Incorporated.
Ellettsville, Indiana.

----------.  1986.  Programmers' Handbook of Computer Printer
Commands-II.  Cardinal Point Incorporated.  Ellettsville, Indiana.

Luebbert, W. F.  1981.  What's Where in the Apple:  A Complete
Guide to the Apple Computer for the Apple II, Apple II Plus &
Apple IIe.  Including:  the Atlas & the Gazetteer.  MICRO Ink, Inc.
Chelmsford, Massachusetts.
     - Should be in every BASIC and assembly language programmer's
       library.

Mossberg, S.  1983.  Disassembly  Lines Volume I.  MicroSPARC,
Inc.  Concord, Massachusetts.

----------.  1984.  Disassembly  Lines Volume II.  MicroSPARC,
Inc.  Concord, Massachusetts.
     - Both this and the previous reference are a compendium of
       articles published in Nibble magazine (MicroSPARC Inc.)
       under the byline of "Disassembly Lines".
     - These articles represent a linear disassembly of most
       routines in DOS 3.3.  In addition, sections of Applesoft
       are also disassembled.  In keeping with the Mossberg
       tradition, these references are of very high quality.
       As usual, Mossberg continues to amaze and reveal.


Sather, J.  1983.  Understanding the Apple II.  Quality Software.
Chatsworth, California.
     - Mainly a hardware/firmware manual that should appeal to
       those knowledgeable in electronics.  Lesser mortals may
       find some sections difficult to comprehend.  However, most
       assembly language programmers should be able to understand
       the sections related to the DOS 3.3 operating system.
       These sections contain information that can easily be
       translated into protection techniques such as half- and
       quarter-tracking.


S-C Software Corporation.  1980.  Apple Assembly Line.  S-C
Software Corporation.  Dallas, Texas.
     - A newsletter dedicated to the assembly language programmer.
     - Contains all kinds of information on programming techniques
       and the DOS 3.3 and PRODOS operating systems.  A high
       quality publication that should be in the library of any
       6502 assembly language programmer.

----------.  1982.  S-C Docu-Mentor for Applesoft.  S-C Software
Corporation.  Dallas, Texas.
     - Heavily commented Applesoft source code on a disk.

SoftKey Publishing.  1981.  Hardcore Computist.  Softkey
Publishing.  Tacoma, Washington.  (This magazine has undergone
several name changes since its inception.)
     - AN old classic (now-defunct) magazine, provides detailed 
       protection techniques and trick DOS.  Dedicated assembly
       language programmers may find some articles frustrating
       because many programs appear to be geared toward users
       who want to copy protected disks by using a recipe
       consisting of machine language embedded in Applesoft
       programs.  Because the machine code is often housed in data
       statements, it is frequently necessary to disassemble the
       machine code and reformat the BASIC programs in order to
       understand the techniques being used.  Less use of decimal
       machine code and more use of assembly language would prove
       useful to assembly language programmers that aren't into
       copying disks but are instead interested in programming
       techniques related to protection.  This publication carries
       information not available elsewhere.

Wagner, R.  1982.  Assembly Lines:  The Book.  A Beginner's Guide
to 6502 Programming on the Apple II.  Softalk Publishing.
Hollywood, California.
     - One of the few books that provides a good introduction to
       assembly language for novice programmers but at the same
       time is a valuable reference for the more experienced
       programmer.  Elementary techniques for accessing DOS from
       assembly language are described.
     - This reference is now available from Penguin Software,
       Geneva, Illinois.

Weisharr, T.  ----.  DOStalk.  Softalk Publishing Incorporated.
Hollywood, California.
     - A regular column that appeared in the now-defunct Softalk
       magazine.
     - Although remnants of this magazine are hard to find, two of
       its former columnists have teamed up to solve the problem.
       Kersey (of Beagle Brothers fame) and Weisharr have
       coauthored The DOStalk Scrapbook.  This reference is
       apparently a polished up, reorganized version of their
       previous DOStalk articles. Recommended for anybody thats
       interested in DOS 3.3.  The DOStalk Scrapbook is available
       from Tab Books, Blue Ridge Summit, Pennsylvania.

----------.  1985.  Open-Apple.  Overland Park, Kansas.
     - Newsletter designed to "fill one of the information voids
       left by Softalk's demise".  A rare breed of publication
       that is not only down to earth and humurous, but more
       importantly, it consistently maintains a balance of topics
       that appeal to both novice programmers as well as
       professional software authors.

Worth, D. and P. Lechner.  1981.  Beneath Apple DOS.  Quality
Software.  Reseda, California.
     - Best described as a true classic.
     - Should be in the library of any serious assembly language
       programmer using DOS 3.3.

----------.  1981.  Bag of Tricks.  Quality Software.  Reseda,
California.
     - Information contained in the instruction manual is was
       worth the price of the entire software package.
       
       Special thanks go to the following for source validation
       references, comments and interpretation; Windsor Scientific, 
       Steve Wozniak and Glen Bredon.
       
       
      
      

