

ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

                      Pyro's Anonymous "Chaos Chronicles"
                                 Issue #6
           Author: Keener                    Co-Author: Inphiniti

           Title: Hacking Telegard Systems

            All Rights Reserved (TM) of Chaos Chronicles (c) 1991

ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ


Disclaimer:: Please note that the author(s) of this text file are not
responcible for any actions or use of this text file. This is written for
informational purposes only.

     Lets say that a sysop really fucked you over. And he ran the BBS
program named Telegard. I will tell ya all you need to know to crash that
system.  There are many ways, but as far as I know, there are NO known
backdoors into the System.

                Part One: Getting the Sysop's Password

     I know a lot of people were asking me just how to crash a Telegard
BBS. Well this is a complicated task. You must first understand that every
menu in Telegard can have its own password. Meaning that if the sysop is
smart, to access the sysop menu (Usually by hitting [*] at the main menu)
you will have to enter a different password.

     Now the next question that comes up is how the hell do I get the
sysop's password? well what you would want to do is watch what he posts on
different boards that he is on. This can be a very monotonous chore. So
your only other option is to pick on the co-sysop. Every co-sysop has a
price that will make them give you their password, and the systems
password. This can be anything from a new game, to a few dollars in cash.

     Lets go back to the sysop's passwords himself. I know a sysop now, and
he loves AD&D. I found out that his new user password was Dungeon, and his
system password was Dagger. I then found out his regular password and sysop
password by inputing words that coincide with AD&D.



                     Part Two: Telegard's Mini-Dos


Ok, now that you have all the passwords you need, then what do you do?
Well you login as the account that you get. Then hit [*] or whatever the
command is to access the sysop commands. The hit [D]. That should be the
command to drop to Mini-Dos. Be sure to look at the menus, the command
could be changed, and un-hidden. There could be a Mini-Dos password that
you need. If you didn't get it from the person you bribed then kick the
kids ass.

     Your in Telegard's Mini-Dos. Hit ? at the prompt that you get. You can
send any file on his hard drive to you by simply typing [S] and then the
inputing the file name you wish to get. This can be anything from his user
log to a hacking program. You can also delete files by typing [del %] with
% being the file name you want to delete. How convenient. Feel free to go
every directory and delete every program the sysop has on disk.

     Oh, one other thing I would suggest is to go to his term program by
hitting [cd \%%%%%] make sure you use a space, or you will not go anywhere.
And lets say you've had your fun for today, and you want to hang up the
board. Well in Mini-Dos, if you hit [EXT %] you can run a program. So
simply put in a file name after [EXT] and wait a minute or to, and if
nothing happens drop carrier.



                          Part Three: Doors



     If you had absolutely no luck in getting passwords, then simply gain
access to the system, and get the source code of a door. Or if your really
a good programmer, then make one yourself. Be sure to add a backdoor for
yourself. Such as if you hit a ctr-break, then it drops to dos. Get a few
friends to encourage the sysop to install the door. If he falls for it,
then feel free to totally fuck him up,



                          Part Four: Covering Up



     Now I hope that you realize that Telegard's sysop log records
everything you have done in Mini-Dos or in fact anything on the system. So
lets take some precautions to cover up just what you did on the system.
Now lets go back and drop to Mini-Dos, change your directory to C:\TG\TRAP.
In that directory, there should be the sysop logs. Simply delete everyone
of them and then hang up. Or to really fuck him up then delete the newest
one, syslog1, and copy the others to different name such as [copy syslog2
syslog1.] and then he will get yesterdays log as todays. Then hang up. Do
no further and your trail is gone.





    -- The Elements of Evil    (216)/225-8254  Sysop- Keener --
         Chaos Chronicles Home Base 24 Hours 12/2400 Baud

       -- Inphiniti's Edge (216)/662-5115 Sysop- Inphiniti --
          Chaos Chronicles Support & œoœ Dist. Site Three

[EOF]

     Ok new update here, this information coming from Inphiniti. Go to the
batch uploads and send these file names.

COM1
COM2
COM3
COM4
CON
A:
B:
C:

[EOF]

  -- The Elements of Evil (216)/225-8254  Chaos Chronicles Home Base --
         Running Monarch/2 BBS Software 30 Megz of Anarchy

