
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
                      Pyro's Anonymous "Chaos Chronicles"
                                 Issue #8
                   Author: änchanter  Co-Author: Keener

                    Title:  Correct Guide For Car Theift

            All Rights Reserved (TM) of Chaos Chronicles (c) 1991
  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

          Although  LoL made a file on  stealing cars, I  would  like to
        add/correct it.  I had NOT been stealing cars for very long, but
        I do know the 'correct' way.  I'm NOT saying that LoL  was wrong
        with there release, in fact what they say WILL work! But this is
        better <grin>.  Ok to get started, what you will need...

                  1. Screw Driver, Very large, Craftsmen is the best
                  2. Gloves, the thin kind, not winter
                  3. Bravery <grin>

        With this demonstration,I am talking about a Cammero (Iroc, Z24)
        But this will work with  most cars with  tilt columns (see below
        for 'stay away' cars). Your first step is to find the car, don't
        go for a piece of shit. If you are going to get caught,you might
        as well have a car that can get you away.  If the car looks like
        it will make noise (exhausted) when you start up, you can always
        take the radio!

        -First (scope the car)-

        Go up to the car, look inside, look for a blinking red LCD light
        or alarm stickers on the window.  If you find one of these, then
        just keep going, you'll find a better one.  If NOT then...

        -Second A (door lock)-

        Go to the  door lock, it's where  you put the key  in.  Take out
        your trusty screw driver,and put it under the lower right corner
        on the metal piece.  Press HARD  up in it, and  wiggle it, until
        you make a hoe that your screw driver can fit in.  After it's in
        press  up, then take  it out.  Put the screw driver back in only
        pointed down, and push it up.  Watch the lock or try to open the
        door every now and then.  If it don't work, try again or try...

        -Second B (flex the window)-

        You  would be suprized  how much glass  bends...  With the screw
        driver, or your fingers, bend the window away from the door just
        enough to get your hands in, then pull and pull and pull.  Don't
        worry, the glass  won't brake.  Then reach  your hand inside and
        pull the lock up. (easy hu?)

        -Third (now what?)-

        Now, decide what  you want  to do.  Take the  system or take the
        whole car.  If you are taking the system, just brake the plastic
        around  the radio (with the trusty screw driver), pull the radio
        out, and grab as much wire as you  can, and pull until it brakes
        and you  just got your  self a radio  ($25-150).  Now, there are
        two ways to peal the column, on is bring the tilt up all the way
        and stick that trust ole screw driver up in it, pull toward  you
        and to the left until a piece brakes off. (the other way) by the
        blinker box, see where the plastic comes together?  Put that yer
        good friend the screw driver in that crack and brake off a piece
        of the plastic, drop the  screw  driver in it, and pull down and
        to the left.

        -Fourth (starting it)-

        Look by the blinker box, see that shiny spring?  Break it! That
        will unlock  the steering.  Now,  look down  (almost underneath)
        there is a "pin" on  this pin there is a 'O' or 'U' shaped piece
        break that off (that's the  horse-shoe pin).  Then that same pin
        that you pulled the one off  of pull it toward you.  That should
        start the car, if it stalls, don't worry, just pull the pin back
        again (that happens a lot).Now put it in neutral give it all the
        gas, and then drop it in drive.... <grin>

        -Fith (trunk-locking)-

        Take the car some where, now, just like you door lock,only start
        from the bottom, wiggle  the trusty one around, and pop the lock
        out (yeah, the  whole damn thing).  Now, look in the  whole, you
        should see a little square,put the trusty one in there. Turn the
        screw driver  and it  should open.  Now, inside  the trunk there
        should be...

                  1. A four way
                  2. A jack

        Now you should know what to do with those....<grin>  For a  good
        pair of rims you can get  $250-$50 ($50 for cheap factory tires)

        -Cars that this will NOT work on-

                  1. Fords
                  2. Toyotas
                  3. GMCs (the company, not the parts)
                  4. Straight column cars
                  5. Square column cars

        -Next To Come-

        How to take alarms off.
        How to 'Crimp' a toyota.
        Where to find a kicker box in town.
        How to steal a straight column car.


           "The Only Thing That Keeps Me Living Is The Fear Of Dying"

         Chaos Chronicles HQ::  The Elements of Evil (216)...-....


