                     þThe árotherhood of Gíds and âetardsþ        
                                   ®present¯
                              Fun at Campgrounds
                                    By: iD
DISCLAIMER:

        I am not resposible if you do this 
        and get  caught...your  the stupid
        one that  did it and got caught...

Ever go camping with your parents and get REALLY bored?  Well...heres some  
stuff you can do to have fun...

1.  If the campground has payphones, go up to the phone and look at the  
    number on the phone.  Remember the the first 3 digits.  Then dial 
    any number useing those first 3 digits...if someone answers...stay
    on the line...they will just keep saying "Hello...HELLO!..."  You
    can hear them, but they can't hear you unless you put money in.  It's
    funny if you keep calling them over and over, they get really pissed.

2.  This one only works if #1 works.  If the campground has 2 sets of
    phones, get the number of the phones on the other side of the 
    campground and go to another set and call those phones.  Campers 
    pick up the phone.  Just like #1.

3.  At night, ride your bike by peoples campsites and scream really loud
    if they are sleeping.

4.  At night, go knocking on peoples campers.

5.  If people leave their coolers out at night, steal the coolers and
    spread the stuff in the woods.  Keep any beer you find though!

6.  Put Vaseline on the toilet seats in the bathroom or on the phone 
    ear pieces.

7.  Get a BIG smoke bomb, and light it and put it in the woods.  People
    will think there is a fire.

8.  Get some itch powder...and go into the bathroom and unroll the toilet
    paper...put the itch powder on the toilet paper and roll it backup...
    people will be itching their whole vacation!!

9.  At night...if the campground has poles with the site numbers on them
    pull them out of the ground and lay them in the road...or scatter them
    all over the campground.

Have fun...but I am not responsible it you get caught..

iD


