  Brought to you by : [FtW] Inc. (k) 1995-1996
ÚÄÄ  Ä ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ-Ä  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ-->
| Subject  : Making homemade Teargas
: Author   : Nsferatu
| Released : o5.2i.95
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄ Ä ÄÄ  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ÄÄÄ>

Disclaimer

This file is for personal information only. Blah Blah Blah don't try this
at home kiddies!

How to make tear gas at home.

Definition

CAPSTUN: Capstun (capsaicin) is the active oil in red pepper. If you don't
think something derived from pepper can be as good as CN or CS tear gas,
think again Even if a person is maced, he can still can still function if he is
motivated enough. Capstun is an irritant which causes nasal passages to swell
, making the affected person breathe through their mouth which in turn causes
them to inhale the capstun which affects the throat causing choking. It's
effect in the eyes is extreme tearing and pain. In addition it causes a
burning sensation on any exposed skin. Capstun does not cause permanent
damage.
If their was ever an ultimate weapon for revenge this is it. It is quick
and very simple to make. Even though Capstun is easy to make.
The only drawback is you have to heat up ethyl alchole which is flamable.

Requirements

Obtain 1 lb. of dried red or green hot peppers. The hotter the better. Chop
them up in a blender and put them into a large jug. Add denatured ethyl
alcohol to the peppers until they are covered by an inch or two of alcohol.
Put the jug into a pot of water on an electric burner and bring the alcohol
almost to a simmer. Be very careful as the alcohol fumes can ignite. Don't
use a flame to heat the water. Let the alcohol cool a bit then filter it off.
Repeat this 3 times. Throw out the peppers and put all the alcohol into a
large mouthed jar. Take the water pot/heater outside and heat up the alcohol.
Evaporate the alcohol down to about 100 mls. Filter off the alcohol again
and let it evaporate to leave a thick reddish oil. If you are adventurish
take a minute amount of the oil and taste it. Have plenty of water on hand
though.

How to use

Capstun is usually used as a 1% to 5% solution. Cut it down with mineral oil
or another suitable carrier.
When evr you have found a perfect target usaly being a large crowd of people
stand back, cover your nose and mouth and throw the substance carrier.
If you wanna stick around and watch all the confusion and chaos you caused be
sure to keep your distance otherwise your you'll be wishing you never read
this text file. This does work and it burns like a motherfucker. If I were
you I'de test it in an out door open area first then if you think you've got
it right it can be used as revenge for all those assholes at school, work, or
the police station although that is a little risky and I wouldn't recomend it.
Anyways I hope you enjoy this text file and be sure to keep you nose and mouth
coverd cause this shit burns like a motherfucker.

Container

It is not hard making a container for this type of tear gas. What I recomend is
using a empty perfume or cologne bottle is you have any laying around.
Make sure it glass though other wise it won't do any good because you need it tobreake when thrown.


Nosferatu [FtW] o5.21.95
