ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                              WINTER TERROR

By: Obi Wan Kenobi

ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß

  Ah yes.. winter. Time of when the bitter cold bites your face. People 
scurrying through the streets to escape the blast of the bitter cold upon
their face. For they know it is a time of terror, as they huddle into shelters
to escape the coldness.. as ne1 would to escape an Anarchist.
   Yes my friends.. winter is a time of terror and anarchy. Let it be your
strenghth... not your weakness.. use the force of this friend, and strike
terror upon all fags!!! (whoops.. different text.. hehe)
   All right, cut the spooky talk... (whatever) Alrite.. since it is now
January, and it's winter time.. it's time to learn to cause some effective
terror with coldness, snow.. ands the most powerfull.. ICE!!! Yes.. that
means sliiping cars, and falling old geezers! So gear up on thick clothes
and pull out your buckets of water.. it's time to cause some TERROR!!!

ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß

1: Here's a COOL little idea to make instant hellfire that can spread fer
  blocks! (this is much easier to do if you can drive and have a car.. well
  who cares if ya can drive or not... just as long as ya got a car.) Alrite,
  go drive upto a gas station around like 2 in the mornin or whatever, so that
  you and the guy behind the cash register are the only people there. Bring
  a couple bottles of water. Now start pouring it all over the spot were your
  car is parked rite infront of a gas hose, and were other cars would park
  to get gas. Now if the guy behind the register asks what yer doin, tell 
  him yer cleanin yer car. Once he's gone, keep pourin lotsa water all over 
  the place. (make sure it's a real cold day) now leave and come back the next
  mornin, and watch as a car tries to park to get gas, but slips outta control,
  and slams into the gas pumps! BAAAAM!!!! Now get the phuck outta their fast!
  Unless you want yer ass to be as ugly as that guys face is gonna be once it's
  all charred up!

2: Why not scare the shit outta those faggit ass catolic skools that are 
   the kind of pussy type skools? Only the pussy ones though.. some catholic
   skools are o.k. Ok.. these dip shits probably made a nice friendly little
   snowman, rite? Well let's make a satanic ritual of it! Durin lunch period,
   get a whole bunch of friends together, pour gasoline all over the snowman,
   light it on fire, and start a satanic dance around it! The teacher's will
   come out to stop you, but just keep praisin the word of satan or whatever,
   and just keep makin all sortsa bullshit about how satan rules and stuff..
   but run like a bitch when the cops come. I've seen this done before and it
   scared the shit outta every1 in the skool!

3: Hey, we've all heard of "Frosty the Snowman" rite? Well why not make a 
   "Roadkill the Snowman?" Yah! Just go grab three road kills off a street,
   or if there ain't ne.. get in yer car and make yer own! (or just beat the
   shit outta ne animal.) Preferably get things like rabbits, raccoons, skunks,
   cats, and other animals of that size or so. Now roll one road kill up in
   snow, and use it as the bottom of the snowman. Now roll up the other two
   dead animals and stack it up like a snowman.. Now use things like dead bird
   feet for eyes, and so.. be creative!  Now just think of the next faggity 
   little kids that come and knock down the snowman. They'll be screamin in
   terror and start trippin out! Now just go chuck the corpses of the animals
   on peoples porches, mail boxes, roof.. etc.

4: Pour water all over your neighbours porch. Now watch the next morning as
   mrs Hankins steps out to get her paper, as she slips and cracks her 200
   year old fuckin skull on the porch!

5: Here's a way to make one of the most painfull snowballs. Go make a couple
   dozen snowballs. Pack em down real good. Now cover em with things like
   Javex, bleach, window cleaner, and ne other chemical that can cause
   excrutiating pain. Now put in in your freezer for a while so the shit 
   sticks to your snowball. Now the next time some punk challenges you to a 
   snowball fight, grab yer chemical snowballs. Once ya nail him, all the
   shit will go in his eyes, mouth and hands, so when he wipes his eyes with
   his hands, he'll be even puttin more bleach and stuff in his eyes! Haha! the
   phucker asked fer it!!

6: Do you live on a sloped hill street? Man.. you won't believe the chaos you
   can cause on a streets that's on a hill! One night, just go out with your
   trusty waterhose, or bash open a firehydrant. Now let the water run down
   the road or sidewalk (easier on sidewalk, less space to cover.)the water 
   will freeze all over the road and sidewalk. Now watch the next morning as 
   Mrs. Bitchly the old hag from the bottom of the  street tries to walk up.. 
   laugh as the bitch slips and slides the sidewalk and  cracks her skull on 
   Mr. Wiggins old 1970 dodge. Or if ya covered the street (this can be tough. 
   There's lotsa street to cover) imagine all the cars slipping and sliding 
   down yer street and knockin over innocent little children! hahaha!

ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß

  Well, this ends another text file.. i humbly apologize for it's length and
lack of quantity.. but i just couldn't come up with nemore ideas for this 
specific topic.. kinda like writer's block. Well i'll be compensating for this
by having roughly 3 or 4 texts for the next release.. but the text writers
here at AA are really bein pressured, SO WE'D APPRECIATE SOME FUCKIN GODDAM 
HELP FROM ALL YOU PEOPLE WHO CAN WRITE TEXTS!! WE HAVE ENOUGH ANSI DRAWERS!
WE NEED SOME GODDAM MOTHER FUCKIN SCAB PICKIN PUSS FACED FIGGIN WRITERS!!!!!
Ahh... glad that's outta my system... :)    l8's!

                             Greets Go To:
			    ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß

Anarchial Artist - Keep the texts comin man! Keep writin em in them bundles!

Guile - manage to find ne new texts writers? 

Purple Tentacle - Fuck you, dip shit! I'll keep makin you write msgs to me of
		 begging for my mercy on the TDE, or i'll give yer voice #
	         away! hahahahaha!!!!

Spaceman Spiff - Too bad about TFG, eh? Keep up the ansi drawin!

Mighty 66 - Where the fuck you been lately? 

Allanon - the main Head Hauncho of TDE, and our WHQ. A wick ass board, but 0-2
          or 0-1 or 0 day warez would be a lot better fer yer bbs.  

Dark Entrophe - ya fuckin lazy bumm! You where freelance and ya couldn't even
		have 1 text per release?!!!

		And to all anarchist's and terrorists everwhere.

   **”BŒ W’N KEN”BŒ

 Finishing Date: Jan. 21, 1994

ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
