"Tele-Phun"


OK, here are a few tricks you can do via telecommunications channels.....

- Did you know that some BBS programs crash when the number of users gets
  too large?  I wrote a program called "Byter Writer", named for Jas0n
  "c0ckbyter" Anders0n, which gives your favorite sysop all the users he
  could want and then some.....It spent all night logging onto Byter's Board
  logging on plebian users...
  BYTER 1
  BYTER 2
  BYTER 3
  BYTER 4
   .
   .
   .
  BYTER 376
  BYTER 377

  "Fatal error!  Too Many UserXHXYglyGYLF7r87('07f0f7('(rfvF68I['0:0@9u@*
   *erhy8v828b98v0v0(08bp0@:*@90*8vvVVVv0@q:q:udmnqnq8bq@f121f*6FNFCB0BN0
   HF8HN781N0NVB8Q2N2878287874NJVL7VBNFNKJTKNHKG56G4


  You get the idea.

- Here's a quick way to take a pay phone off line: (Thanx to TT for this one)
  Just go up to a fortress, dial 0, and yell "Hey Wench, You Suck, I Rule".
  The operator will disconnect the phone from service, and these have been
  known to stay out of service for hours this way (until the op that 
  disconnected it ends her shift...)

Ah, the joys of auto-dialing Jas0n Anders0n's voice line.  Before I put
up a BBS, and before Byter Writer was written, I used to sick non-carrier
detecting auto-dialers on him. (jas0n was an asshole, he deserved
everything he got and more) One day, though, I heard a recording
emanate from my Hayes: "The number you have reached is not in service".  He
had changed the number!  Well, most vengeful types would say "SHIT! I'M
SCREWED!" but not me.  We simply went over to Byter's house at 4 AM one day
with a Bud Box.  After making free calls at Byter's expense for awhile
(we also did a lot of Blue Boxing, just to make sure he got a visit from Bell,
thay are about his only friends now that they make a killing changing his
number all the time), we did a ANI (it's 211 around these parts) and
within 6 hours everyone had the new number.  We haven't been back to his
place lately but it is rumored that he has Krazy-Glued his grey Terminal box
shut.  *SIGH*  guess I will have to go over there with some KRAZY GLUE
SOLVENT (remember you are reading a file by KING Krazy Glue) and open that
sucker up again.  Maybe install a nice scarlet box and re-glue it.

Some auto-dialing tips (while we're still on the topic).
- Overnight, it's best to have the dialer go only once an hour or so.
  This is because, no matter how often your dialer dials, the victim will
  only let it ring his phone 3 or 4 times before he wises up and takes
  the phone off the hook. If you let it run 10 times a minute, the victim
  will leave the phone off the hook all night, and get a good night's sleep,
  and that won't do, will it?  You let the dialer run every hour on the hour
  and you will completely ruin the victim's sleep, for he will be up
  every hour all night answering the phone.
- Conversely, when auto-dialing a business during the day, have your
  dialer run as fast as it can.  In fact, since there are usually two
  lines in a business fone, have two dialers running (get a friend to
  help).  A business can't just leave the phone off the hook and if both
  lines are tied up by your dialers, they can't call the phone company
  to complain either.  This worked rather successfully when I had just
  quit a local Bingo place.  I set my dialer to wait a while before dialing
  so that it wouldn't start until I got there. I wanted to see the look on
  everyone's faces, plus I could not be blamed because I was right there
  and obviously not at a phone... Anyways, almost the second I walked
  in the door of the Bingo Place to pick up my pay check, the fortress
  fone on the wall started ringing. It rang 3 times, and stopped.
  Then the business phone rang.  It was answered by an employee who got
  silence (the modem was in originate mode so it sent no carrier).  CLICK,
  and the payphone went again. Then the business phone.  This was all
  very noisy and pissed a lot of people off because they couldn't hear the
  Bingo Caller over the phones ringing. On my way home, passersby couldn't
  understand why this crazy guy with a paycheck in his hand who just came
  out of the Bingo Place was laughing so hard.....

- If you have a CAT or other modem that supports digitized speech, have your
  dialer utter a few words every time it dials.....
  phone: DRRRRRRRRNG!
  Jas0n: "Hello"
  modem: "Jas0n is a Space Fagg0t!!!"
  Jas0n: CLUNK!!!!!! (he fainted, this is the 27th time today this has 
  		      happened...)

What else is fun?  Ah yes, everywhere you go you see rodents bitching that
their Call Alert fucks up their data calls.  And it does, and unless you
have selective call alert, you can't do much about it.
Wouldn't it be REALLY r0dently if a BBS line had Call Alert? Every time it
was busy and someone else called in, "poof" BOTH callers get fried.
So, call up your local CO's business office and order Call Alert for your
favorite sysop today!

Here is a way to defeat callback security found on some BBS systems and
other online systems:
When you call a number, you remain connected to them until YOU hang up,
not them.  So, when you call a BBS with callback security,  you just stay on
the line after it tells you to hang up. The BBS's modem will hang up, and
then pick up again, and you will hear it touch-tone the number of the person
whose account you are trying to get into. The BBS will then offer you its
carrier......and you're in!

PROPOSAL:  THE FISH BOX

(I will be building one of these in early 1988, it has not been tried yet to
 my knowledge).

A while ago some friends and I were talking about gaining Calling card
codes by eavesdropping at payphones and listen to the codes that the saps
verbally told the operators.  Well, we came across a problem.  Now that you
can directly dial a calling card call without going through the operator,
it is rare that someone will still use a calling card verbally these days,
and so standing around eavesdropping didn't sound very productive anymore.
Well, at the time some of us were playing with bugs and wiretaps, and the
thought came to me:  What if I were to install a bug in a fortress?  I could
tape record everything said on the line plus I would have every touch tone
dialed!  This sounded fine until I got to the touch tones.  I for one am tone
deaf; I couldn't tell what tone was what number if I tried.  So, why not
run the tones through a DTMF receiver? Sure, then every single digit dialed
on the pay phone would just appear on my computer monitor...this would not
only include calling cards but also any extenders that anyone might
legitimately use, plus accounts to ADS systems.  The potential to gain
phreak codes in this manner is enormous..
Anyways, now you can see why I call it the FISH box; you are essentially
fishing for codes and if you are persistent eventually someone will
bite.....

PROBLEMS:
- Getting the bug into the payphone can be a problem but we are working on
  it...
- You still have to be relatively close to the fone in order to get good
  reception of the bug.  Don't sit around for hours, find a place to
  stash your tape recoder and bug receiver where no one can find it
  and come back for it later.  If there are lockers nearby and they are not
  made of metal they will do fine.

Anyways, I will be writing the official box plans next month. If anyone has
any luck with this project before then, let me know how you made out.

                              -=( The FIXER )=-

                                    Call:
                     TOMMY'S HOLIDAY CAMP (604) 595-0085
                       THE NEUTRAL ZONE (604) 478-1363
                      BC TEL PHONE MART (604) 658-1586
                         THE METAL AE (201) 879-6668
                        DARQUESIDE AE (408) 245-7726








