                                    þáGâþ
                      þárotherhood of Gíds and âetardsþ
                       "Fun in fucking up your school"
                                 By: ABiGWaR


So what, every group and there uncle has put out a file on fucking around in
school, So what is one more? See? I'm right arn't I! Yes-I-Am!

   Does your least favorite teacher put everyone into a terminal boredom with
slideshow after slideshow? (often a excuse not to teach) Perk it up with some
hardcore porno slides mixed in with the regular ones!

   Need some distraction from that damn chalk squeeking across the black
board? Steal a  peice of it. Bore a hole down the center of one end,
making it wide enough and deep enough to hold a strike-anywhere match head.
Cut the head of a strike-anywhere match off and put it in the whole so only
a little bit of the tip sticks out. Glue some chalk powder around the tip to
camouflage your work, but leave a tiny bit protruding. Plant it back on the
chalk board ledge with the other chalk. When used it will make a fiziling
sound and will spew out a column of black smoke for a few seconds.

   Draw or post something gross or obscene on the pull down maps and movie
screens.

   Take down a roll-up map and screen, lay them flat then load a powder like
baking powder into it. Roll it tightly up again and hang it back up.

   If your school has a dress code, get as many of your friends as you can
to disrupt it with out violating it. I bet it says nothing about dying your
hair green, picking your nose, vommiting in class, painting your face, or
painting your nails funny colors.

   Institute massive searches for "lost" contact lemses during assemblies, at
lunch, in study halls, between classes, or in the cluttered halls.

   Free all the captured animals and insects being held prisonor in the
biolgy labs.

   Send irregular streams of your associates to the  office to have some
bizzare runor confirmed or denied.

   As a citizen, demand to see your own school records. Almost everyone else
has access to themm, so should you.

   If the student newspaper can't or won't do it, publish the salaries of all
the teachers and adminiistrators. If they are paid with public funds this info
is public domain. Demand this data from some uptight bureaucrat in the central
office.

   Add some very kinky ideams to selected teachers mailboxes.

   Create some sort of revolutionary manifesto and leave it around where it
is sure to be discovered. Or have a mole plant it for the addminstrations
gestapo. Then leave a cryptic message about monday being "D-day" or "X-day"
or whatever. The forces of tyranny will be massed for the revolution that
never arrives. It will make them look and feel like fools.

   Print false notes using the office paper format, then put them in teacher
mailboxes. Use your imagination. (GASP!)

   If your school doesn't have a teacher evaluation program by the students
start one. Hand out forms in the halls. If any one gives you shit, screem
about your first ammedment rights.

   Need form to copy? Or maby an example of a addministrative signature? Check
the waste baskets.

   Of course there is the old bombscare trick. But this is a fedral offense,
and the school is just sitting around waiting for some one to fuck over the
rest of their life! So to get around this, Call the bomb scare from a pay
phone inside of the school. Example, Warren Tech, Pay phone number 689-####.
Office phone number 689-0211. Haha, Don't forget the gloves. Call collect!
If they don't except, Use money.

   Alot of schools have fax machines. It is fun to get the number and send
nasty messages to the school. For example the Warren Tech auto shop phone
number is 689-8265.

   I hope this guide is some help to you... Have fun, Use your imagination,
stay free, live free, be free. And if your teachers give ya shit, Abigwar
sent ya. What are they going to do? Hang me by my toe nails!? remember, I
am not responsible for any damage caused by the use of this file.. Or the
loss of hard drive space it takes up.


(C)opyright 1994 BGR Productions!
ABIGWAR / BGR - 1994
