
                                þáGâþ
                  þárotherhood of Gíds and âetardsþ
              "How to Get Twice the Amount of Tickets"
                           by õungle õimmy


        This file is going to tell you how to get free tickets.  The tickets
that you are going to use are going to be ones at arena's or other things like 
that.

        This is very easy to pull off and it works great.  What you do is go
and buy 4 tickets.  Do not buy them form a scalper, buy them in advance.  
Then you are going to go down to the ticket window and tell them that you
lost your tickets and you need to get them.  They will ask you your account
number and your address.  Know both of these before going up to the window.
They will then give you a slip that says admit howmany..there will be a 
number there and seats.  You really have your tickets on you though.  So 
you then can either use those tickets that you had for your friends, or you 
can go out and make some money.  You can get your tickets for free then.  If
you sell them back you have made back all of your money.

        Precautions:  1)You must make sure that the arena that you are doing
                        this on does not use scanners for their tickets.  If
                        they are using scanners this will NOT work.  It will
                        not work because the people from downstairs that gave
                        you the lost ticket slip have notified the computer
                        that those tickets were lost.  
                       
                      2)When you get your tickets you must be sure to go and 
                        sit in a totally differnt section.  Most of the guys 
                        that check your tickets are lazy and will not bother 
                        to even look at them.  You might have to sit in crappy
                        seats for the first half.  But then you can check out 
                        where some seats are open to move to. 
                        
                       3)An easy way to avoid gettikng your ticket checked is
                         to go and buy a bunch of food.  When you are walking
                         down the isle just walk right by him with all your 
                         food in your hand.  They willl never ask to see your 
                         ticket.
                 
        If you do all of these things right and take the proper precautions 
you will have free tickets.  It is very easy and a lot of fun

                                        Thanks,
                                          õõ

