				  Pimp.Faq
				 By: Th3L4rK
Special thanks to: Muh boyz n biatchez in #hack

Pimpin'
1. What is a pimp?
2. How do I start?
  a. Where?
  b. When
  c. W/who?
  d. HOW MUCH?
3. How to dress like a pimp

  What is a pimp?
A pimp is a person (male) who pimpz* out biatchez* to jerks who need to get
laid and want to spend money for it.  The people who buy the whores are
usually ugly businessmen who need a fuck, and since they cant get a chick
they pay one.

  *Pimpz-gives out; is in charge of the biatchez. Sets prices, customers, etc
          b. Whore's Business manager.
  *Biatchez-slut; whore; tramp; floozy; practitioner of the world's oldest
            profession.

How do I Start/Become a Pimp?
 1. Where
Well, I suppose that the answer to this question is quite obvious. You should
start in a large city's downtown area. This si where the businessmen are.

 2. When
Only at night! Watch out for cops, and people who might carry guns...they
might cap yer biatchez (this would be a bad thing).

 3. W/who
Find some poor females that look good.  This can usually be done in
restaurants (cheap diners), unemployment offices, streets.

  4. HOW MUCH
Charges range upon where you are, and what your females look like.  Don't
worry, once you start doing good, you will have plenty of money, and will
never be horny!

2. How to dress like a pimp:
  1. Leather pants...all pimps wear tight leather pants; the classic
     trademark of dah mad pimp.
  2. Silk shirt...a definite must, silk shirts are mandatory to be pimpin
     it up wit dah mad biznitchez*.
  3. Dress shoes...any kind will do.
  4. No socks...easier when gettin' into the sack with one of yer biatchez.
  5. Pager...not a regular pager, but a really loud one for the following
     reasons:
	a. So you can hear it when gettin head.
	b. So you can make your presence acknowledged by those in the area.
	c. Do you can feel cool.
	d. So your customers, and biatchez can keep in touch.
  6. When you get more money, get a cell phone too for better biatch
     communication.
  7. Gat-strap...to bust a cap in the phool who dares not to pay.
  8. Long jacket...so you can store your gat-strap.
  9. Fur around the neck.
 10. Dark sunglasses...so people dont recognize you during the day.
 11. Hat...not a baseball hat, but one of those hats that mob-sters wore in
     the 30's...they are phat, and are a must have.
 12. Jewelry...big, thick, gawdy, gold and diamind jewelry.
 13. Big wallet on a chain...dont actually keep your money here, but in your
     at all times, you should carry no less than $2000.
 14. Drive a foreign convertible.

   *Biznitchez- see biatchez

Have phun!

  This is an unfinished version of the pimp.faq...any questions can be sent
to thelark@alpha086.ctcne.com
Future versions will be made available soon. Last updated: 4/27/96 10:22est
