This lesson: Destroying an Apple!


In previous articles I have written many techniques for revenge through
sabotage. In addition to my thousands of Krazy Glue Tricks (only a few of which
have actually been posted in files), I have devised a great many sabotage
techniques for animate and inanimate objects. However, these were generally
rather basic due to a desire to fit as many into one file as possible. Now,
those days are over as I write larger, more helpful files. So, then, here is
Pranks 11: Advanced Sabotage 1 - How to Destroy an Apple Computer.

HOW TO BLOW UP AN APPLE COMPUTER:

Anyone can blow up anything with a stick of dynamite and a fuse or det-box.
But what we have here is the most exquisite way known to destroy an Apple
computer. The reason I picked Apple is NOT just because I hate them, but
because they are very easy to get inside of, and there is lots of room inside
for a bomb or whatever. This tactic will actually work for any machine, but
if you don't want to turn the machine upside down and unscrew 
god-knows-how-many-screws, wasting time that you probably don't have, then use
an Apple.

Anyways, down to it. Make a bomb with an electrical igniter that lights when
6 volts are applied to it. Smoke bombs are great for computers; they quite
nicely fuck up a computer's board and make the machine smoke like hell too.
The effect is great, especially if you pick either a brand-new (never used)
machine or one that has had many hardware problems in the past. Now, attach the
igniter leads to the switched +12 supply and ground. Close the computer. As 
soon as the machine is turned on, its doom is sealed as the bomb ignites. It
may even let out its initial BEEP before its ROMs get melted.
If you are really destructive, go to high school, and don't mind your school
not having any computer science department anymore, then this may be for you:
    If all the machines in the school's computer room are connected to a master
switch, and all go on when the switch is thrown, then it would be a tremendous
coup if you could (at a time when the machines are off) plant a smoke bomb or
other bomb in EACH machine. 
    Oh, here's a good one: if you can find or make an electrical igniter that
will go off with the current from the Annunciator output of the Apple, then
you have the potential to create some really professional havoc. Simply
attach the bomb to an annunciator line and ground, and then leave a disk lying
around that says "Great New Wares" on it. This is a great follow-up to my
infamous sandpaper diskette. What the disk contains is, a whole bunch of really
big files (the magic of sector editors) with the name a new ware on them, and a
2 sector one named HELLO. After perusing the catalog, the sucker will naturally
boot up the ware. HELLO will then boot up what appears to be a nice crack
screen, with the warning that if a certain peripheral is hooked up, the system
will crash (name a peripheral that is plugged into the target machine). Give
JUST enough pause time that the guy at the machine can read it, then have the
annunciator to which you have attached your bomb activated, just as a text
message saying "PIRATE COPY ---- SYSTEM SUSPENDED" comes on the screen.
Immediately massive billowing clouds of smoke will pour out of the machine and
the guy will freak, telling stories of how such-and-such a protection scheme
can ACTUALLY SET THE MACHINE ON FIRE if you mess with it. (Only a r0dent would
actually believe such a thing, but the response you could elicit is well worth
the try).

If you can't find an igniter that will go off under the current from an 
annunciator, or if you are blowing up a different machine whose programmable
outputs of whatever type have very little current output, then wire up a relay
with the +12 supply or a battery that CAN do the job.


        +12 or battery

               I I
     +--------IIII-----+ 
     +         I I     + 
     +                 + 
     +                 + 
     +                 + 
     +--*              + 
        * ignitor      + 
     +--*              + 
     +       /         + 
     +      /          + 
     +------  O--------- 
         relay sw.

          @@@@@@@ relay coil
          +     +
          +     +
          +     +
         gnd.   annunciator

NOTE:  These techniques will work with superior computers such as the Timex
       Sinclair,  but the effect is not as good.

This file was written June 1987 by the Fixer, when he still had a Commodore.
Rumor has it he's wised up and is getting a //e in Jan.  It is a response to
"How to crash a Comodork BBS", one of which T.F. still happens to run...

Call: 
TOMMY'S HOLIDAY CAMP 604-595-0085
BC TEL PHONE MART    604-658-1586
THE NEUTRAL ZONE     604-478-1363
HEART OF GOLD        604-658-1581
THE METAL AE         201-879-6668
DARQUESIDE AE        408-245-7726

