
_--=PeEll=--_ on:

THA MOST (yeah most) PoWeRFuL PiPe BoMB THERE IS

   Materials

Astrolite G (see below)
1 PiPe (threads on outside) (6 inchs long by 1/2-1 inch wide)
2 PiPe caps (threaded to fit yer PiPe)
WaX or other WATERPROOF sealent
Fuse
Drill

"Astrolite G is a clear liquid explosive especially designed to produce very 
high detonation  velocity,  8,600MPS (meters/sec.)  compared with 7,700MPS 
for nitroglycerin and 6,900MPS for TNT.  In addition, a very unusual 
characteristic is that it the liquid explosive has the ability to be absorbed
easily into the ground while remaining detonable...In field tests, Astrolite 
G has remained detonable for 4 days in the ground, even when the soil was 
soaked due to rainy weather know what that means?

     To make (mix in fairly large container & outside) two parts by weight
of ammonium nitrate mixed with one part by weight 'anhydrous' hydrazine,
produces Astrolite G... Feel free to use different ratios.

     Hydrazine is the chemical you'll probably have the hardest time getting
hold of.  Uses for Hydrazine are: Rocket  fuel, agricultural chemicals  
(maleic hydrazide), drugs (antibacterial and antihypertension), polymeriza-
tion catalyst, plating metals  on  glass  and  plastics,  solder fluxes, 
photographic developers, diving  equipment.  Hydrazine is also the chemical 
you should be careful with.

   How to make it

   Take tha drill and drill a hole in one of tha pipe caps (large enough foe 
tha fuse).  Take wax and spread it over tha threads on tha pipe.  Then take 
tha other pipe cap and screw it on over tha wax.  Cover it with some wax on 
tha outside to make SuRe it is water proof.  Put tha Astrolite G in tha pipe.
Put wax on tha other side and screw on tha other cap.  Put wax on tha 
outside.  Put tha fuse thur (make SuRe it is a waterproof fuse) and see it 
with tha wax.  Now carefully place it somewhere.  Light it and RUN LIKE 
HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Notice how this is tha 
"MOST POWERFUL PiPe BOMB"?

_--=PeEll=--_

This is foe info only.  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
