                 20 TOOLS YOU CAN USE TO TERROR AND HAVOK
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
                          BY THE DARK ENTROPY

  GREETS TO: The Anarchial Artist- My partner in kryme
             Psycho- the pyro-maniac who knows 2 much
             Captain Kidd- Yere cool there buddy..
             H8RED- Nice shit in your garage

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  For all of you out there who have ever look at something and said" I wonder 
 how that works?" your a lamer so get puny ass outta here.

  For those of you who looked at something and wondered " How can I screw this
 mother-fucker up and turn it into a insturment of havok?" This list is for 
 you.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Burlap Bag- Sumthin to carry your tools of destruction in. 
 use a simple potato sack. Don't take a backpack because you can get 
 tangled up in it. Ya can chuck it in a bush if chased

2. Hammer- Use this tool for many things from smashing to nailing an alive
 cat's tail to a tree. A normal claw hammer will work best but for bustin'
 port-a-shits a sledge is the only way to go.

3. Nails- Another common tool that can be corrupted to our needs. My personal
 area of play (prey) is a picnic area. Look for outdoor water pipes and place
 the nail against the pipe and give it a tap from the hammer and remove the
 nail hopefully a mini geyser of comes shooting out. If you see nothing 
 coming out but here this hissing noise GET THE HELL OUTTA THERE!       
 YOU HIT A GAS LINE AND ITS GONNA BLOW!!!!!

4. Wood Saw- If yere near a childrens playground this can be a kick-ass 
 tool. Usually this places are built out of 4x4's but some crossbeams and 
 shit are just 2x4's just whip out yer saw when no ones lookin' then jump up
 hang off it until it breaks off. But do it fast or you will look like a ass

5. Keyhole Saw- Just slip this fucker between the door cracks bring it down
 till you feel the bolt begin to saw. After a bit you cut the bolt and in you
 go. Use this for getting into sheds, ranger houses, and anything with 
 deaddbolts.

6. Tree Saws- Use these big saws to create your own roadblocks or smash 
 washrooms with the strength of good ol' mama nature. The only problem is
 that it takes a while to cut down a tree.
 
7.Screwdrivers- Phillips,robinsons, and slots if you dont what know to do 
 with these delete the file. 

8.Crowbars- An absolute must. This vesatile tool can be for everything 
 from prying out nails to bashing the shit outta sumthin' or someone!

9.SprayPaint- Use this to vandalize an area or to create your own personal
 flamethrower. Accomplish this by puttin' a lighter in front of it. If the 
 flame gets sucked in wait till the can gets hot then chuk it as far as
 possible. It should explode.

10.Hot Glue Gun- Use this item for more urban missions. Hopefully it's battery
 powered and you can carry it around. Simply take the gun and stick it inside
 the lock. When it hardens the fucker won't be able to get in.

11.Various Chemicals- I'm no chemist but even I carry around a few assorted 
 chemicals around in my bag with me. Usually I take some Iscopropyl,  some
 kind of oil, and some gas. Use the iscoprop to burn shit, the oil to make
 stuff slippery, and if you don't know what to do with gas you're stupidddd.

12.B-B Gun- A must for shattering windows and the like. Also shoot cute little 
 furry animals (use Anarchial Artist point scale). Also if yer smart enuff to
 make nitro-glycerine you can use this too set it off.

13.Basball Bat- Think about it stupid.....

14.Utility Knife- What ever you do bring a knife that looks scary. If some old
 geezer comes after you and ya flash out a swiss-army knife yah it would keep
 him away but if you just rolled some big 230 pound guy's kid I don't think
 he would back down. Get something with a big blade like a fillet knife or a
 machete ( not a butter knife )

15.FIRE!!!!!- A must for every sab.

16.Bolt Cutters- The conservation area behind my house is surrounded by a tall
 fence instead of climbing it all the time we just used this baby and *PRESTO*
 now more climbing. Make sure you the heavy cutters because with those you can
 shear locks.

17.Pipe Cutter- Whirl this thing around any pipe you see and in a few minutes
 your through faster than a hacksaw and it's easier and quieter. Also if you
 ever have ever seen lots of steel wire wrapped together tightly together if
 you use this on it you will weaken greatly. In fact there is a eletrical pole
 thats falling next wind.

18.Rope- Use it for making a quick escape route or tying people. Also use it
 to tie people to things. (tie someone to a rock and chuck em in a lake.

19.Fishing Line- Fun, fun, Fun! A versatile item you can use almost everywhere.
 In well known biking areas string it across from two trees up high. As they
 whipping around the corner on their $500 bikes *BOOM* they're clothes-lined.
 If you're good take their bikes and ride off. Also plave on the ground where
 down to earth hikers will be hittin' the earth hard when they trip. Another 
 nasty variant is a choke wire after a tripwire whwn the fall they strangle 
 themselves. If you find some cheesewire use it for your chokes not only will
 they choke they will also cut their neck.

20.Knowledge of the Area- One of the most important "tools" If you don't know
 where to run when the explosions roar or when the cops come a callin' your
 burnt or yer busted.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FUTURE TEXTS:
- Scoping
- Jetting
