                     þThe árotherhood of Gíds and âetardsþ
     ú  ú ú -  -- --- -//- Anarchy in the SuperMarket -\\- --- --  - ú ú  ú
           ú  ú ú -  -- --- -//- Written by Paco -\\- --- --  - ú ú  ú




    Supermarkets, another wonderful way for an anarchist to get his point
across.  I could list 15 billion things to cause problems in Supermarkets.
Drop this, drop that, drop this.  But that's boring...  Here's what to do.



       .úShopliftú.

            This is by far the easiest way to make supermarkets see red.
            (literally (my boss bitches at me if i throw a ONE CENT plastic
            bag away becuase it damages the profits, hence his salary). 
            Hell, if you can get a job at this place, skip the small stuff, 
            and go to the section úIf You Have A Job Thereú.  Now, first off, 
            there are things you can steal without even entering the store.
            Where I work, there are always bags of fertilizer or something
            stacked against the wall by the doors.  They usually way about
            forty pounds, so you might look a bit odd carrying 50 of them 
            away.  However, just take a pocket knife, and slit them as you
            walk past.  Make it obvious that they're slit on a few, but slit
            the bottoms on the others, and on those where the bottom is slit,
            make sure there is a BIG opening.  People will avoid the ones that 
            look slit open, and take the one that is torn on the bottom, and
            spill 40 pounds of cow manure on their new shiny whore shoes.

            In the store I work at, here is another thing to try...


                    registers    registers   registers   registers   

            
            ------\                                               /--------
           --[1]--- \                Courtesy Counter           /---[1]---/
        entrance      \                                       /    entrance
                        \                                   /
            ------------- -------------------------------------------------

            The sections marked [1] are where the shelves are.  Walk into the
            store through either entrance, and take a cart.  Now, say there 
            is something like videotapes on the shelves facing the registers.
            You, from where you are standing, see the BACK of the display. 
            Something like a package of videotapes will be stacked five or six
            deep, so take about the back three rows and put them in your cart.
            Leave.  Do whatever the fuck you want with the stuff.  Sell it at
            a flea market. Use it.  Open them all up and leave them outside 
            the store.

        .úIf You Have A Job Thereú.

            If you have a job at said target, get some friends to help out.
            First of all, there is usually something called a 'till' room,
            where the cashiers count how much money is in their register.  
            Right behind that they store all the small stuff (candy, snuff,
            cigarettes, etc) have about 10 kids go into the store, and all 
            stand in the small section where the till room is.  Someone 
            knock on the door and talk to the manager about getting a job at
            the store and when he opens the door, three or four kids go in.  
            Another kid opens the door, while another kid walks into the room.
            Take the cigarettes, dip, etc.  MAKE SURE WHOEVER WORKS THERE 
            (your ally) is "watching" you, and when someone asks what just went
            on, let him say what he "saw".  Just some troublemakers, nothing 
            happened.
            
            If you can get to the back rooms, where all the extra food is and
            those humongous rats hang out, you are thrice blessed.  Find some
            of the boxes of bleach, with the dividers down the middle.  Note
            the height.  Look at a suitcase of beer.  Note the height.  Note
            how the two heights you noted fit PERFECTLY.  Need I say more? 
            (in case I do [PUT THE FUCKING BEER IN THE BLEACH BOX] and put the
            bleach box in the bottom of a cart, then put three or four EMPTY
            boxes on top of that.  Walk out the FRONT and say you're helping a
            friend move.  DON'T LET THEM CHECK THE BOTTOM BOX.  Say you gotta go
            soon, or gotta piss, whatever it takes.  Usually they only check 
            the first one or two boxes.  

            In the back, find the doors where they unload the trucks.  Load up
            a whole pallette of stuff, and get a friend whos got a van to come 
            around back.  Have them toss the shit in while you pace back and 
            forth.  If the manager comes, start screaming your fucking head 
            off at them. ("Hey, get the hell away from my store!" "Hey, you 
            can get in trouble for that! Put it back!")

        .úMiscú.

            If you feel like spending some money, [25 cents] find a water 
            machine. Where I work there are machines that give out a gal.
            of water at a time for 25 cents.  Put in a quarter and walk 
            away.  Have someone else walk by and slip and bust their ass.
            
        úù The änd ùú
