-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                   UPSetting

                               brought to you by...

                                  AXIOM CODEX

                                      and

                                     LAZAR

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Intro:  First, we would like to define the term "UPSetting".  UPSetting
             is a form of thievery that originally involved the United Parcel
             Service.  It is a very easy way to recieve gifts of course you
             don't really know what's inside...but that's the fun of it!
             Which we shall explain later!

 Materials:  You'll need a car some gas, a driver and one helper that's it.
             Oh and a nice big ole trunk.

                         Now on to the art of UPSetting...

        What you'll need to do is try and find a UPS truck. (The dark brown
        trucks)  Or a Federal Express truck (I'll explain more on Fed Exp.
        later.)  Start following it, but make sure you don't get too close and
        that the driver does not see you.  (oh another thing the best time to
        to go UPSetting is probably between the hours of 10:00 a.m. to 3:00
        p.m. during the christmas rush, excluding lunch time for the obvious
        reasons.)  Stay at least
        one or two blocks away from it.  Then when it stops, you stop.  Pay
        close attention to which house it's delivering to.  After it leaves,
        wait for about thirty seconds and then make a drive-by.  If you don't
        see a package near or around the front porch, one of two things
        happened.  (1)The package wasn't dropped off, or (2)the residents
        were home and received the package.  If this happens, continue to
        follow the truck.  But if yu drive by and see a package sitting there,
        forget about the truck and follow the next procedure.

                             Snagging the package...

        After you drive by once, drive by one more time and take a closer
        look at the house containing the package, any neighbors that may be
        outside or looking out their window and any traffic that may be coming
        down the street.  If everything is clear, drive up casually to the
        house and take a couple of last minute looks around.  Open the place
        that you have already designated as the place that you're going to put
        the package and walked up to the front porch.  If you feel necessary,
        knock on the door first.  Then pick up the package, throw it in the
        car, and take off, making sure that no one has seen what you've done.
        If it is a small package and you feel like picking up more packages
        continue to follow the UPS truck.  Follow the instructions in the above
        paragraph.  If not go take the package somewhere where you can open it
        with no problem.  Open it and see what you got....  If yer lucky you
        might get a 9600 baud modem or something.

                             Following Fed Express...

        Following Fed Express is just as easy.  But getting packages is harder
        since they don't always leave packages as often as UPS.  But the
        package is usually worth more...although not all the time.
        Just follow the same UPS instructions and you'll end up with some
        packages too.  UPS will give you more packages but Fed Exp. will get
        you the more quality packages.  Enuff now go out and do it!


(C) Axiom Codex and Lazar
Use for information only.  Do as you please with this.  We are not responsible
for anything in any matter or way.
PHUN LINE  916-481-2306  NUP: PARTY ON DUDE




































































