                             Easy Anarchy

  So.. ya wanna be an anarchist? eh? Well... if yer about 13- 16 yrs old,
  it can really be tough to do all that shit ya see in those huge 
  anarchist's books. Though they all sound so cool and all... there almost
  impossible to do cus of yer age. Tell me, how many times have you tried 
  to get the ingriedients for a smoke bomb, a time bomb, or hell... even
  a cat bomb? I tried to get all the materials needed, but whenever i go
  into that damm friggin ida pharmacist store, some damm old bitch always
  asks me what i intend to do with it. Sometimes the old bitch goes like
  this "You don't intend to sniff that up your nose, do you?" I tried
  to buy salt petre fer a smoke bomb and that's what thed old hag said.
  Shit! Even when i go to the damm variety store to ask fer a pack of matches
  the damm chinker asks what it's for. You all had these sorta problems,
  rite? Well... i've come up with a few things you can do and get if you 
  have difficulty gettin and that complicated chemicals. here is a list of
  things you must get and what you can get to be a jr. anarchist.

  1: you'll need a lighter or 2 (scripto lighters always are better, ya 
     don't gotta keep yer finger on the gas release button)

  2: several bottles of lighter fluid. (you can get em in grocery stores, no
     questions asked.) to fill up your lighter. And even to pour it over 
     things which you may wanna burn. (safer to carry than gasoline! Ya don't
     want a tank o' gas blowin yer ass off while yer carryin it!)

  3: a couple of large candles so you don't waist your lighters fluid. 
     (best to buy the thick short ones, easier to carry.)

  4: A large box of normal paper matches. 
  
  5: a large box of strike anywhere wooden matches (if ya didn't know, they
     can be lit newhere, like on the ground.)

  6: Wind and water proof wooden matches. for those windy and stormy days
     when ya wanna burn down Mr. Rogers tree. (they can be a lot of $$$$$. 
     You can get about 20 matches for $2.00. But they're worth it!)

  7: Tape!! Always carry some good tape with you! And not no cheap scotch 
     tape! Tape can be usefull to hold a mini bomb against a tree, dog,
     cat, car, etc.

  8: A slingshot is a must!!! You gotta have some kinda weapon to protect
     yerself if some fuckin old geezer chases you fer bombing his dog.
     Just run a couple of meteres away from the old man, turn around, and
     nail the fuckin geizer in between the eyes!! Don't ferget to spray the
     anarchist's symbol on his forehead!

  9: Spray paint. You all know the kinda fun you can have with that!

  10. Ok.. this may be a toughie... a bb gun! Preferably not the rifle style.
      though they have 8 times better aim than the hand gun, it's not easy
      to run and shoot in the same time! It's not really too hard to get one
      fer yerself. Ya just need some connections. I know a guy who has about 
      10 different hand bb guns and 17 rifles. Ya just need connections.

   11. Money always helps to hire dumb little chumps to do some simple
       dirty work, while yer off doin somethin else. Or just use the money 
       to set him up... make sure a cop's around while he's doin the job
       ya paid him for. but make sure he doesn't know who you are, where you
       live or anything like that, cuz the little prick'll tell the cop ya
       gave him money to do the job.


        All rite!! Now that ya know the basic equipment required, you
   can cause some anarchy!!!! Here are some real cool ideas for Easy, but
   destructive and fun anarchy. Some of these i have tried, the others are
   ones i thought of and perhaps intend to do. Here's a list:

   1: Here's how to make a little cherry bomb out of a pack of matches.
          First get a pack of paper matches. Pull out the staple that holds
          the body of matches to the paer packet. Now that the body of
          matches out, get the paper packet and flip both sides backward.
          (make it so that it's an inside out paper with the part were you
          light the match is on the inside, not the outside like when you
          first bought it. Now get the body of matches and put it inside
          so that the match heads are touching the part were you light the
          match. Close all the flaps together and than tape it up real tight
          and good with scotch tape so that no air gets in the packet. Be
          carefull while you're doin this, if you accidently rub the heads 
          against the match lighter while it is taped up, it'll blow up in
          your hand and cause a 3rd degree burn. And also cause you're 
          ears to ring for about 10 min! Now that you have the bomb,
          wip it on the cement ground and BANG!  Loud like a cherry bomb.
          But don't pick up the packet, it'll be so hot it'll burn ya on
          first contact with it. Wait about a min b4 pickin it up. Now if
          ya wanna be creative, get a another packet of matches, do the same
          thing with taping it up and all, but make two bombs, tape em 
          together and throw it! It'll be 2 times as loud! And so, just
          keep attachin more packs to one another. (note: Make sure the 
          matches you buy are good cardboard stick matches with large heads
          on them.) Now, if you wanna cause some pain on a dog, cat, or
          maybe even a human, tie a very small rock to the packet of matches
          and throw it at the target. It'll burn the suckers skin real bad!
          Or if at all possible, tape it to the victim and hit the pack with
          a stick or somethin and the victim will have searing pain until 
          the packet is removed! hahahaha!!


       2: Ok, this is similar to idea number 1 but much more destructive!!!
          Get a box full of strike anywhere matches, throw in some sandpaer   
          into the box of wooden matches. Now seal the box up with tape or
          anything that prevents air from getting in. Grab the box and whip
          it at some little fag and watch the explosion! This ain't no cherry
          bomb! This is a bomb! It's called a mini bomb. It causes a small,
          but painfull and destructive explosion. It also causes the target 
          to burn and choke from smoke! A wicked weapon! And so easy to make!
          Tie it to a tree and throw a rock at the box. Watch tons of wood
          burn and break off the tree! Cool!! (note: strike anywhere matches
          are wooden and have large red heads of gunpowder, very easy to find
          and buy.)

       3: This is an amazing trick to do at yer high school. But ya gotta
       be carefull, you could get in deep shit if you're caught! All rite...
       first you'll need some white chalk or pastel. Or some kind of thing
       that will leave a white mark on the parking lot of your school. Then,
       you'll need some kinda fake blood, and a blank shooter gun. They look
       real enough. You'll also need those yellow caution tapes that says 
       "Caution" You can find them around construction sites. Ok, now to 
       start. Get a friend to lie down on the parkinglot of your school. 
       Grab the chalk or whatever white marker you'll
       use to trace his body. After you trace his body on the road, trace
       his body again somewhere within less than 100 meters of the other
       traced body. Now splatter the real lookin fake blood around the
       traced figures. Grab the caution tape and set it up around the
       two traced figures to make it look like the cops put it there.
       Now grab the blank shooter and fire it into the air twice. Don't 
       worry, it'll be loud enough for everyone in the school to hear. Now 
    drop guns beside figures and Fuckin run!!!!!! Run somewhere where you'll
       have an alibi. Stick with the nerds while people run out to see what 
     happened. Act like you don't know what's goin on. And watch the show and
       enjoy!! hehehehe!

4: This is a pretty good idea to shoplift variety stores and other small,
  but good stores. First of all, there are 2 restrictions. First, it's gotta
  be winter time. Second, you'll need a daring assistant who can run the 100
  meter dash damm fast. Oh yeah, and there is a third. There can be no more 
  than 2 store owners in the store. Ok. You'll need a ski mask, the kind
  you wear when the winter snow is blowin in yer face. And your face
  can't be seen. With your fast, daring assistant, walk into the store
  with your ski mask on. Don't worry, it's winter, you won't look 
  suspicious in the ski mask. Now, the fast daring assistant must steal
  something rite infront of the owner so that he can see that he just
  stole something. The daring assitant now runs like fuckin hell!!!
  While the dumb ass owner runs out to catch the little hoodlum, you
  start loadin yer pockets with the goods. Yer must keep the owner busy
  while you grab the stuff. But the assistant must not outrun the owner
  by too much, make the owner think he's gonna catch you. Let him stay
  on your heels. You have to do this because if you outrun him by too
  much, he'll give up and return to the store. But making him think he's
  real close to catchin and you will make him continue the chase.
  Now if there is another owner in the store, the lootin person has gotta
  hurry before the other moron realizes what's happenin. It's risky,
  but real fun and very rewarding!

   5:  Here's an idea to really piss of teachers in your school, and to get
       evacuated. Get a couple of friends to pour some lighter fluid on a 
       tennis ball, and than light it. Tennis balls burn for up to half an
       hour, if not put out. Ok. Most schools' ceilings in the class rooms 
       have those large rectangle pieces of cardboard or styrafoam that can
       be lifted up to look at the pipes and shit. Now, lift the board and
       toss these flaming balls up there all over the school! When the FD 
       comes, they'll be so pissed off tryin to find were the fire is comin
       from! It'll take them ages to find it in all the smoke and confusion.
       And the school will be evacuated for hours! (note: the flaming tennis 
       balls will not cause a fire. The material up above the boards won't
       catch fire. But the boards may either burn away like paper after a
       while. So don't worry about the school burnin down, the worst that
       could happen is a couple of celing boards just burn away.)
       
    6: Shoot the windows out of your school at 1 in the morning

    7: Make a bomb threat from  a pay phone, by law, they must evacute
       the school.

    8: grab your trusty spray can, light a thick long candle, spray at the
       candle and watch the blow torch. Fry your friends!! Joy!!!

    9: Ok, you'll need and oiled up rag. And your trusty lighter. Light 
       the rag, and throw it into a mail box filled with all those checks,
       love letters, money... (oh yeah, I mean the mail boxes were people
       put there letters to send to other people, not the mail box
       attched to the side of someones house!!!)



       Well... this ends the first easy Anarchy text file, until i think 
       of more and try more!!!

       This text file was made for the Dark Tower Crew and their leader,
       Sir Hackalot. This was written by Obi Wan Kenobi. Anyone who
       takes credit for writing this file will be blacklisted on any board
       I and the Darktower Crew can find you on! Thanks!
   
     
     Greets go out to: Sir Hackalot (for takin me into the Anarchists Anon crew)
                         
                       Bud (for not kickin me off the Green Iguana bbs when
                              i argued too much)

                       Gatekeeper (cuz i helped him on his brd and offered
                                     to make the first donation to his brd.)

                       Raddle Snakes (cuz i wanna get on his board again,
                                        but i can't ever since he chaged to
                                        Exile Node! Would ya delete me! I  
                                        wanna re-apply!)

          All the Anarchists Anonymous Crew (for bein the coolest team
                                                  around!)





                 *Obi Wan Kenobi

                                        
                                        


                          

