                                þáGâþ
                  þárotherhood of Gíds and âetardsþ
                              presents
                      "How to Run Away From Home"
                              by ZORRO

Disclaimer: If you feel like you actually want to do this, call
            1800-999-9999, and if they dont screw you up
            enuf to do this, then youre not ready.

        This file contains information on how you can use items in different
rooms in your house in emergency situations.  This, for me, is needing to 
escape from guardians.

 Bathroom- Liquid soap can be squerted on and all around locks to make
           them slippery.  This can give you a time advantage.
           Wash out either the liquid soap (which may take too much time)
           or a shampoo squeeze bottle, and put in alcholhol.  This
           is great for spraying people with... get them in the mouth
           and eyes.  I use winterfresh so that it gives them an
           extra tingle.
           
           If you can rest a small paper cup above the door, and drop it on 
           them, it can be very affective.  Next, quietly take down the 
           shower curtain and get one of the hooks. Keep this as a 
           nose clip for when you make the poison gas.  Pull down or
           break the curtain rod off of the wall.  You now have a 
           fighting stick.  Open up the medicine cabinet and take out
           an Antacid, and a cleaning acid, like the kind you put
           an ear-ring into.  Fill the sink up with acid.  Put the clip
           on your nose.  Get the rod and smash through the window.
           You have little time now.  If there are tampons in the
           room, take the, light them, and throw them.  Just before
           you run out of the window, throw the ant acid into the sink.
           Leaving the Shower overflowing is also fun.  If you have
           a bath tub, hack off the tubing, or turn it with your hands        
           so it is spirting water all over.  Push the tub in front of 
           door in a diagonal direction, so it cant be opened easily.
           You should always have a towel with run-way gear in the room
           you plan to escape from.  Throw it out the window first.
           Jump out the window an run!
 
 Bedroom-  Use a paperclip to short your circut, (dont kill yourself) and
           when the lights go out, smash your window with your lamp.
           Only if they have painted it shut,if not open the window.
           If you need to do this secretly, then use a swiss army knife 
           and pry it open. Close it after you so that you can get 
           back in that night.  I have a remote control light (not
           the one I use to smash through the window) and radio.
           I can make it appear that I am in the room.
 
 Kitchen- Knives, Knives, and more Knives
 
 Where to go:
        7/11 for starters.  You should be draining and saving as much cash
        as you can before hand.  Get some coffee, a peanut bar... arrange too 
        meet friends before hand.  Dont give your guardians any clue before 
        hand as to what you might do ( dont say "What if I runaway tommorow).
        Store some shit in your loocker at school, so you can retrieve it in 
        your bookbag the day youre planning to run.  Get a friend to sneak 
        you in while you try to find a job at McDonalds (where your parents 
        would never go).  One tactic that works alot is to try to get a job
        at a hotel, to pay off staying there, or board with friends.
        If you are only running away temporarilly, then keep everything
        that you need with you, like food, money, and shit, and try to
        get a room in a cheap hotel.  Fake id's DO work... And they only have
        to take your Id if you pay with cash or check, so use a parents
        credit card.  (like steal your moms, if they get two, when they 
        first come in the mail..they will never know that you took one).
        Live life large, pig out, order adult movies, and have a shitload
        of fun.  When your parent (if they find you or you come back) try
        to talk about it... think of funny things and laugh uncontrollably
        through their lecture, and make your way back to your room, lock
        the door, turn up the radio, call a friend, and think of how 
        your life really sucks.

        See-youz later: Greetz to HoE/Dark Avenger/Stalker/Dwenlar (u suk)
                        Mogel/Gradius/Demented Benz+cosysop

 þáGâþ
þZoRRoþ
 þL8Rþ
