illegal entry
Written by: Jonin Meka of The Black Hand Society

Another of my favorites. What is there really to say about illegal entry
except for it is a great way to attract attention to a neighborhood. I mean
with all the cops that come around the next day. Also this is a great way to
obtain valuable goodies like electronic equipment. One thing never do this in
your own neighborhood because you won't be able to use the goodies you
obtain. Well here we go again. Never break into a house with people in it if
you are trying to obtain goodies and also never break into a house with an
alarm (no s--t!). Always observe the area you're going to break into before
entering and look through the window next to the front door to see if they
have an alarm. There are several ways to break in: One is to lockpick your way
through but to the novice this may take time and years of learning but one
advantage is that it is real silent and undetectable. Another way is to use
the BB gun Ice pick method. First bring your BB gun (pistol preferable) and
shoot a small hole next to the lock. Then use the Ice pick or some other
device to undo the lock on the window. Never leave anything of yours at the
scene. Cat numbers and the such are traced quick. One final
way to enter is to just crash the window with a stick. This is really noisy
but fun. If you want to do this the target window should be next to another
noisy place like a street or something. Also don't spend to much time in the
place after entering and most off wear gloves and a black suit and always
enter a night. One more,thing I find it enjoyable to paint some type of remark
or sarcastic saying (real big of course) on one of the main walls. Such an
example would be a certain symbol like a pentagram or a saying like "fuck off"
(simple but suggestive) or to be creative "you have bad taste in panties and
curtains" or my favorite "pigs have little dicks." Most of all be creative
when signing you're little messages usually I sign them by putting "You're
worst dream" and "love, John". You may find it wasteful to write such messages
but personally I think terrorism should be funny, sarcastic, and confusing.
Two more things- try not to leave any trace of yourself such as articles of
your clothing or even your blood (you might cut yourself if you break the
window). And if you consider yourself a common theif, DON'T! You are an
Anarchist and a Terrorist !!!
