     New Economic Policy.  By the Stainless Steal Rat.

TAP # 80 12-82

Tired of all that bullshit the government has been giving about how to reduce
inflation?  Well here is the real way to cut your bills:

   I Super-Markets
   The next time you visit your local rippoff center that claims to have the
lowest prices in town, you can make sure that they keep that promise.
When you catch an employee loafing on the job borrow (permanently) his or her
little price tag gun.  After several minutes of examination and trial you can
stamp your own prices just like the pro.  Need I go further?  Of couse.  Just 
for good relations take all those funny little rolls of stickers that are used
to show when there is a special and all the blank rolls for the tag gun. Beware
 Make sure that the product you stamp with your gun is the same as the tag is.
Some tags are pre labled: Grocery, candy, milk, etc.  Make sure the tag matches
the item.  Never remark items that are common.  Many times the cashiers know 
the price.  Also, with your "special" strikers be careful.  Many times they are
distributed by the manufacturer of the product.  If you are in a hurry just 
take the price tag off the cheapest bargin brand and put it on the best quality
brand.  This can be tricky if not impossible becausee some places have price
tags that are pre-cut, so they fall apart if you try that.

   II Counter Espionage and other Tricks for all of you that shoplift (or are 
about to begin) here are some tips:
   -Stay away from large Malls and Shopping centers, it's like narc city. The 
Narcs like it there because they can bust little kids for shoplifting candy.
   -Keep your eyes open for mirrors, two way mirrors, cameras and nosey clerks.
   -If you are with a partner keep your mouth shut.  They have hidden mics in 
those tall columns that seem to hold up the roof.
   -Avoid all large silvered objects.  In on place I know, they put small 
cameras in large christmas balls (Merry Christmas Huh?)
   -Look for people that you always see in the same store and for people who 
walk around like zombies and pay more attention to the people in the store than
the products.
   -Avoid all people with 2-way radios.  They are most definitly no hams with 
their 2 meter.
   If you decide to shoplift (naughty you), remember all you have to do is 
remove the item from its package and take off all store marking and tags and 
they cannot prove the item is not yours.  Use display models if possible, be-
cause you can fiddle with them without suspicion.  If  you think the risk of 
getting caught is too great or you cannot get it because of its size (I know a
guy who shoplifted a 20" crock pot) you can still get it at a greatly reduced
price.  Many places use felt tip markers or pens to show reductions.  When a 
store has a clearance sale just come on in and make your own reductions (not 
too outrageous please).  Sometime the cashier will be suspicious and go and 
check your items price against one on the shelf.  The only way to beat this is
to mark all the items down.  This way you can also buy several and you do a 
public service for the regular customers.  My last trick is to use a high 
quality eraser and erase the first digit of the price.  I have done this one 
several times with chips and other expensive parts.  Some of those clerks ar as
blind as riveted bulkheads.  The real price was stamped on the package right 
next to the erased price tag.  I still saved 10 American (worthless dollars)

                Happy Budget Cutting. The Stainless Steal Rat.
