This issue: Framing your enemies - An Effective Revenge Tactic


Well, in the past I have dealt with framing people in a very small way, e.g.
planting weed in your neighbor's garden, placing drugs or liquor in a buddy's
locker, etcetera.  When someone narcs on you, the best revenge is always to
use the system to which they suck up to, against them and for your own benefit.
Therefore this file will detail some advanced ways to get someone into all the
trouble they deserve, and without implicating you!</xmp>


HIGH-TECH VOICE & AD FRAME JOBS:

Did you ever see the movie "Used Cars"? Where the used car lot is almost shut
down in court because a guy hired by the lot across the street modified a TV
commercial (thru ingenious splicing) so that it contained many obvious lies,
thus making people complain of false advertising?  Well, there are several
different levels on which YOU can do this.
First, the easiest.  Put an ad in the paper with an enemy company's logo and
phone number, so that it looks just like one of their ads.  But use slightly
different text than they do. Make sure to blatantly slander their competition
(yourself, maybe?) so that there is NO WAY that they could "get away with" the
ad. Make sure that you know the name of the target company's ad person in case
the newspaper asks. Also, if they ask for a phone number, don't give them your
number or the target company's. Give them a Loop (consult BIOC 003's files for
instruction on how to use these).

Now, the slightly harder one.
This is basically the same technique used in "Used Cars", only it's for a 
Radio commercial instead. What you do is, using a HIGH QUALITY radio receiver
and tape recorder, record a new ad played over the radio.  The recording has
got to be STUDIO QUALITY so use either the most expensive cassettes you can
get, or better yet, use a reel to reel machine. Also, make sure there is NO 
radio noise on the recording. Now, simply find a word in the pitch that would
be slanderous or a preposterous claim if only ONE syllable were taken out.
In "Used Cars" they changed "SMILES" to "MILES" and almost got them for
claiming to have "MILES of cars" which they did not. With a little creativity
and a sharp ear you too can find something damaging deep within ANY commercial.
Now, once the tape is modified thru creative splicing (and make sure that it
sounds natural, for chrissakes), take the tape to a radio station that is not
playing the ad. Have the bill for advertising sent to the target company (of
course). After awhile, the competition of the target company will be taking the
target to court over false advertising, or a disgruntled customer perhaps.

The Toughie:
Here's one that requires GOOD sound digitizing equipment (like, one of the
new-generation 32-bit micros with LOTS of memory and special
speech-digitization hardware. (Get a REAL computer.  Get a Mac ][.))
You tape-record the voice of an enemy or of a local radio announcer until you
have a large amount of high-quality speech.  Now, you use your digitizer to
extract and digitize a whole array of speech phonemes, in various inflections.
If the digitizer is good, you will be able to capture speech that is
indistinguishable from the original. Now, use these phonemes to create whatever
text YOU want your enemy or your target's commercial to say. If your target is
a person, publicly broadcast (thru a PA system or whatever) incriminating
conversations in the guy's voice.  If the target is a company, then submit your
new-improved commercial to a radio station as detailed above.

Toughest, but easy for those with the hardware:
If you can get access to the abovementioned digitizing computer, and to 
3/4 inch video recording equipment (or better, but NOT VHS, BETA, or 8MM), you
can also modify some television commercials. Just capture a commercial on the
3/4 inch video, modify its sound track as detailed above, and send it to a
TV station that isn't playing the commercial. There are restrictions though:
The commercial must be of the type that has an announcer and/or music in the
background with no lips moving on the part of the person who is talking.


In the above tactics, it is also important to have a voice-remover box handy,
if there is music in the background. What you do is, digitize your recorded
phonemes, use the voice remover to produce a tape recording of the music alone,
'sans vox', and then dub-over your digitized "new" commercial. If you construct
the phonemes into words right, you should come up with a very authentic
sounding commercial, except that it is going to get "someone" in a whole mess
of trouble.



A POSSIBILITY:

If there was still a Draft, a possible tactic would be to check your target's
mailbox every morning before he does, and if a letter from the U.S. Army ever
came, to run off with his Draft notice.
As a Canadian, I am not sure of the time span involved in waiting for the
consequences (we have no Draft here) but it seems to me that this trick would
eventually produce MP's at the front door of said target. This is just a
thought for my American readers.....



A CASE STUDY IN ANTI-FRAMING REVENGE:

When I was in grade 8, I was in this boarding school (only I didn't board there
because it was in my hometown). Well, there was this mega-nerd from Seattle
there who hated my guts. So one day, I find myself sitting in the Dean's office
accused of mugging this idiot downtown on the weekend. Well, the geek's frame
job was so shoddy that it took me about 5 minutes to convince the Dean that the
idiot was fucking the Dean and me around. So, I was scot-free and the geek was
never trusted again. That is what I took advantage of: The very next day, I
saw him downtown and beat the living crap out of him in the street. Naturally
he went narking to the Dean again, but this time he just got an instant "Bull
Shit" from the Dean. 
You see, when someone tries to frame you for personal damage, if you manage
to convince the authorities that you are innocent, consider yourself free to
actually do whatever it is you are framed for, because the next time, your
framer will be called the boy-who-cried-wolf. No one takes an exposed framer
seriously. (So be careful!)



Call........

TOMMY'S HOLIDAY CAMP BBS: 604-595-0085
THE NEUTRAL ZONE 10 MEGS: 604-478-1363
B.C. TEL PHONE MART GBBS: 604-658-1586
THE METAL A.E. P/W: KILL: 201-879-6668

