          The Complete Guide to Beastiality and Necro-Beastiality

                                     by

                            Warlock and Shroomer

  Since the beginning of time ,men have been plagued with cold-nosed women
who simply refused to put out.Well ,it was not long before man realized the
 value of Rosey Palm and her five sisters.Men really liked ole Rose,but she
lacked that lubricating wetness that provided for mind blowing orgasms that
  pussy could secrete.So those men got to thinking:A pussy is a pussy ,no
    matter what the species.So be69 the age of Beastiality.Unfortunately
,fucking animals gave rise to new diseases,like syphilis.So when the rubber
  was finally invented ,men could not only beast-fuck without the worry of
   infecting their dicks,they could also fuck the dead ones.Now with the
  arrival of AIDS, women are especially stingy with their snatches.I hope
              this guide will be helpful to men & women both.

                             FINDING AN ANIMAL

 Make sure the animals cunt is big enough to fit your dick!You havent felt
     pain until you've had a donkey crack your nads!Suggested animals-
Sheep,cow,horse(if your over 6'),pig.Just go out in the country if you live
               in the city,or the zoo if you have no wheels.

 Animals have to get excited,just like humans.Try to pick an animal without
   a tail,cause usually they have shit caked in the hair.Leave the animal
 standing,don't attenp to lay it down.Remember,they fuck standing up(unless
 you choose a cat).Now, get on your knees and GENTLY grasp her ankles.Close
 your eyes and slowly run your tounge along the length her slit.Try to hold
           your nose,the slime on her outer lips is a mixture of
   spit,piss,piss,piss,piss,smegma,and whatever else she rubbed her cunt
  in.Her hips will start to get a little relaxed,and soon her pussy-juice
will start to drip down your face.Use your fingers and find her clit if you
   can.Work 1 finger in at first,then 2 until her hole is loose enough to
                                   bang.

                          IMPORTANT IMPORTANT STEP

Now slip on your rubber.I recommend Trogan (C), lubed with receptacle.Never
             use ribbed or you'll get kicked in the nuts again.

                             FUCKING THE ANIMAL

  Slowly stand up, you dont want to ruin the mood she's in.Animals can be
   even flakier than real women.Reach down and spread her cuntlips open.
Dosen't it look great! Now , the hard part.Slowly slide your firm,hard dick
 up her loose,smelly gash.Once you have it in , hold your position. Let her
   get used to the feeling of you member inside her.Now slowly grind your
pelvis into her ass. I know tou'll be getting shit all over your bush since
  her asshole is right there, but this will arouse her even more .Don't be
 surprised if she farts either, they can 't hold gas when they fuck.SLOWLY
  thrust in and out. Be sensative to the needs of your partner, work out a
 rythym WITH her , dont be selfish. Occasionally reach down and fondle her
clit, her anus, herthighs. She will love you for it. Now you can quicken up
  the pace and let go of your wad.Sometimes if the mood is right , you can
  rip off your rubber and shoot your wad all over her butt, using your cum
            for lube if you decide to fuck her in the ass later.

                                  ANAL SEX

If you didn't come on her ass, you might want to lick your fingers and work
then in her asshole.Or you can just lick her asshole and wiggle your tounge
inside her bowels if you like,both will do the trick. Animals are generally
 not fond of buttfucking, it hurts them too, only they are used to passing
        massive amounts of shit so their assholes are a tad looser.

                             NECRO-BEASTIALITY

   Necro-beastiality can be dangerous. You are sticking your dick in dead
flesh, and there's a lots of bacteria at work decomposing her body. So, now
     you have more than just one disease to worry about. But I know how
   satisfying it can be to fuck a cold, dead pussy. The nice thing is you
 don't have to worry if she want to or not.. She's dead. Also,you dont have
 yo worry about lubrication. During the couse of decaying, the animals cunt
 will be bloated with pus, so once you start to bang all those tatsy juices
 go free!! You might also want to try oral sex with her.Just bend over and
 lick up the pus.Don't attempt anal sex! Her intestines are stiff, when you
 pull your dick out, her guts will still be wrapped around your dick and it
                             gets real messy...

                              END OF DOCUMENT.

                            Well how about that!
