Smuggling and Dope.  By John Shaver

From TAP # 80 12-82

This is the first of many articles that I plan to write for TAP about a subject
that is very dear to my heart.... DOPE.  I have been reading TAP for a while 
and absolutely LOVE Dr. Atomic's Underground Drug News.  Like most "dopies", I
read all of the mags devoted to the world of drugs and drug related objects.  
Not to undermine Dr. Atomic, but my articles will consist mainly of how-to
information about drug related objects and drug smuggling.  Correct me if I am 
wrong, but Dr. Atomic writes mainly about the how-to aspect of the chemistry-
drug field.
   In my first article, I would like to tell you about an incident which hap-
pended to me while I was overseas in Europe.  Anyone who wants to get his hands
on some cheap hash or coke should consider making a trip to Europe.  Many cheap
charter flights fly out of New York and  a major haul could more than pay for 
the trip.
   In Berlin, I purchased ten grams of has on the street for 8 German marks per
gram.  For those who are not up to date on the exchange rate of US dollars to
Marks, the price is translated into $3.85 per gram!  But how good is the hash 
you ask?  Well, a friend and I smoked a rolled up cigarette laced with a small
amount of hash while on the return flight to New York and in a matter of 
five minutes, we were knocked out.  When the plane began to fly upside down,
we knew we were stoned off our asses.  Incidentally, one should smoke hash in 
the lavatory of the jet, not in one's seat!
   And now for the real shocking truth...Coke sells in Berlin for the amazingly
low price of $50 per gram.  This coke is as good as any here in the USA and is
the best I have found for free-basing.  Other good deals include Heroin and an
occasional hit of LSD.  All of these harder drugs are extremely cheap and 
surprisingly cheap.
   How can I smuggle the hash, etc. into the US of A?  Here are a few sugges-
tions I know to work very well.  First, when going through customs in the US,
wear a business suit and a tie.  The customs officials will be less likely to 
ask you to open your suit case if you look presentable.  Another suggestion is 
never to make jokes and laugh while standing in line at customs.  Those SOB's
have been know  to strip 80 year old women who joke around in line..... just 
makes yourself as status-quo as possible.
   What if custom officials do decide to examine your luggage?  One way which I
smuggled in some great shash was by cutting a bar of soap in half, hollowing it
out, and packing the dope inside.  Then put  the bar back together and use 
water to seal it.  Even the best dog couldn't smell through that type of pack-
ing.  For larger "shipments", conceal it in any type of regular container and 
put it in a plastic garbage bag.  Then  put all of your dirty clothes on top of
it and top that owith your dirty underwear.  No self respecting customs agent 
will root through a bunch of smelly clothes to the bottem.  If you want to hide
toe drugs on your person, the best place is your crotch.  Be sure he isn't 
queer if he decides to frisk you.
   Fine, I know the city and the means of getting the drugs back, but how the
hell do I find the street where the drugs are located?  Berlin is a large city
and one needs a map to find the arreas I am talking about.  If you write to 
me care of TAP I will be more than happy to send you a map with the areas 
marked, and even send you info on where the cheapest airlines are located.
Roundtrip to Berlin from New York can be as cheap as $450!
