	
		  22 WAYS TO KILL A MAN WITH YOUR BARE HANDS

				   Typed by
			       Big Bad BARBARIAN


				     -=*=-

		      "Free my hands and I'll varnish this
		      floor with your brains!"
		      
	       (from "The Scarlet Citadel" by Robert E. Howard.)

     Sometimes when you are threatened with physical violence, a weapon to
defend yourself with is not always available.  Your hands, however, are always
with you, and can be as lethal as any weapon.  Below are a list of attacks that
police are instructed not employ, as they may prove deadly.
     
     1. TEMPLE - A very susceptibile vital spot.  If struck with sufficient
     force, may cause unconsciousness or death.
     
     2. NASION - This is the summit of the nose.  If struck with sufficient
     force may cause death.
     
     3. PHILTRUM - This is the area between the upper lip and the bottom of
     the nose.  Attack to this area may also cause unconsciousness or
     death.
     
     4. HOOK TO JAW - A powerful hook punch to the front side of jaw may
     snap an enemy's neck.  Fatal.
     
     5. ADAM'S APPLE - A sharp blow here may cause enemy to asphyxiate.
     
     6. SOLAR PLEXUS - The small of back.  May cause death.
     
     7. TESTICLES - The strong, focused pain of a vicious low blow may
     cause shock, resulting in death.
     
     8. BASE OF CEREBELLUM - A powerful blow to the nape of the neck,
     causing mortal damage.
     
     9. COCCYX - A powerful blow to the tail bone.  Fatal.
     
     10. FULL NELSON - Stand behind the enemy, put your arms under his, and
     lock your hands behind his head.  Bending the neck forward may either
     break neck, asphyxiate enemy, or cut of supply of spinal fluid to
     brain, causing brain damage or death.
     
     11. HALF NELSON - Again, standing behind enemy, but one arm is used to
     pin one of enemy's arms.
     
     12. BRAIN BUSTER - Bend enemy over towards you, placing him in a
     headlock.  Grab the back of his belt, and haul him into the air,
     vertical, upside-down.  Allow yourself to fall backward, landing on
     your enemy's head, which will absorb your combined weight.  Most
     effective on concrete or gravel.
     
     13. RUSSIAN OMELET - Cross enemy's legs.  Fold enemy by pinning his
     shoulders to ground upside-down and placing his legs above him.  Sit
     on his legs, folding the bass of the spine.  Fatal.
     
     14. HEART PUNCH - A strongman's attack, it is simply a powerful blow
     to the heart.  (Many years ago, the wrestler Ox killed an opposing
     wrestler with this attack.)
     
     15. UPPERCUT - An upward strike to the bottom of the jaw with the heel
     of the hand, causing the enemy's head to snap backward.  May shatter
     vertabrae. Fatal.
     
     16. ABDOMEN - A substantial blow to this area may rupture a vital
     organ, causing death.
     
     17. RIB CAGE - A vicious shattering of the rib cage may cause grave
     internal bleeding.
     
     18. HEAD-TO-WALL PUNCH - A swift, hard, cold-cock punch to an enemy's
     face while he is standing near a wall may drive his head into it,
     causing the back of the skull to shatter fatally.
     
     19. PINNED DROP KICK - Standing behind enemy, holding his arms
     straight back.  A drop kick to the back without releasing arms may
     severe spine, causing death.
     
     20. HEAD WRENCH - Grabbing an enemy's head by the mouth and the back
     of the skull, then twisting with a sudden, violent jerk to rend
     vertabrae, may easily cause death.
     
     21. CHOKE HOLD - Once a favorite of law enforcement officials, has
     often proved deadly.  The right arm goes over the enemy's right
     shoulder, and grips the back of the head.  The left arm comes over his
     left shoulder, reaches across neck, and grabs own right forearm.  With
     enough pressure applied, causes brain damage or death.
     
     22. HEAD YANK - Bend enemy forward, grab head, and pull back with
     convincing force.  May seperate delicate vertebrae, causing death.
     
							  


	
    
	   
    
    
    
