CHOOSING THE BEST GIRL

by Sam

Choosong the best girls for your larder is a rather complicated
matter. First you must decise what recipe the girl will be used for,
then the choices can be narrowed. Then you must prepare the body based
on the use to be made of the meat. Different recipes and different
cooking methods determine the age, size, and preparation method.

I know most of you were told not to play with your food, but girlmeat
is an exception to that rule. Before butchering, you should put her to
good use. Sucking your cock is always great, but fucking her and then
stuffing her cunt with your cum still inside her provides an
interesting flavor addition to the stuffing mix. Also a well used cunt
will be more muscular and therefore more meaty.

The best girls are between 14 and 20 years of age, with
proportionately developed bodies. They should be neither fat nor
skinny, except in special cases.

Breast sizes should be moderate. Breasts that are too large or that
have been lactating will have large milk duct glands and a fair amount
of fatty tissue and will not be the best tasting. Ideally breasts
should be firm, with moderate sized nipples, and well rounded. Some
people like puffy nipples if the girls is to be barbequed as these
larger nipples can be sliced off early in the cooking process so that
the girl can watch you eat her while she's still alive. Although
somewhat tough and fatty these nipples are tasty when eaten rare,
dripping with barbeque sauce.

The following recipes require the girls as indicated, although all
girls can used for almost any recipe:

Recipe				Preferred Girl

Liver served rare or
fried with onions		Young - 14 to 16, not thin but not fat

Heart served rare or 		Young - 14 to 16, not thin but not fat
sauteed in sauces		about 5-10 lbs overweight maximum

Chopped Heart or Liver		18 -20 years old, athletic body

Kidney or other organs
in gravy				Any girl

Tongue - smoked or cooked	18 - 20, average girl

Steaks - tartare or rare		Young - 14 to 16, not thin but
not fat
				meat should have slight marbling
				best cuts from ribs, butt & thighs

Roasts				18 - 20, well developed body no
				more than 5 lbs overweight.

Prime Rib Roasts		15-19 with large chest muscles and
				ribcage, can have large breasts

Briskets and short ribs		15-20 with large chest muscles and
				ribcage, can have large breasts

Hams and Bacon		18-20 with large thighs and rounded
				stomach 10-20 lbs overweight max.

Barbequed whole girl		16-18 well developed body, but only
				moderate sized breasts (puffy nipples
				preferred), 5-10 lbs overweight max,
				good fatty marbling in meats and skin
				can be as tall as 5'8". Cook alive.

Oven Roasted whole girl	14-16 well developed body, but only
				moderate sized breasts (puffy nipples
				preferred), 5-10 lbs overweight max,
				good fatty marbling in meats and skin
				Best if small or tiny body 5'3" or
less
				Cook alive or dead, but gutted and
stuffed.

Breasts - baked or boiled	Best choice would be VERY firm breasts
				that stand high, nipples pointing
upwards,
				on a girl's chest, moderate sized or
small
				(32" - 36") very rounded and that
press back
				when squeezed. Never having lactated.
				The breast should be sliced off close
to 
				the rib bones thus leaving some muscle
under 
				the breast meat. Serve sliced thinly
cut diagonally,
				with or without the nipples intact, in
sauce.

The following girls are best served as indicated:

21-29 years old - Butched and cut up into steaks and roasts, will
produce a large amount of tougher meats which should be used as stew
meats or hamburger. Organs (heart, kidney liver)  will make good
pate's and gravies. Necks will make excellent soups. Intestines will
make good sausage casings for sausage meats made from her lesser
quality meats.

Fatty or slightly overweight girls - Good for smoked meats, especially
Hams and Bacon, and hamburger meat. 

Skinny girls - Should be fattened up first if possible. Most cuts will
cook best if extremely rare or in stews. Butt roast can be delicately
delicious rare.

Tall or large breasted girls - best butchered into roasts and steaks.

Very young girls - under 12 or 13 usually not very good because of
lack of meats and the organs are too small, but if gutted could be
cooked whole in soups. 12-13 year olds with developing breasts and
well proportioned bodies willl be best either roasted whole or spitted
on the barbeque. Care must be taken, however, not to overcook. The
heart or livers of these young girls will be very tasty just barely
cooked and eaten almost raw. 


Some tips on dresing/butchering:

If the girl is to be cooked alive, she should be given several enemas
and fed only water for at least 1-2 days. She should be flushed out
thoroughly (through both her anus and her uretha), all her body hair
removed completely (except her head hair, if the head is to be used
for decoration), and the body washed down completely. Before starting,
a pain killer should be administed (Marijuana or liqour is often
effective).  With a very sharp knife, carefully open her belly from
just above her vagina to her sternum not slicing too deep. Lay open
the incision and cauterize immediately, Then lift out her guts and cut
each organ off, cauterizing the wound, being careful to leave her
heart and lungs untouched and undamaged. If you touch her heart, it
may flutter slightly, but will continue to beat you take care not to
hurt it. Arteries & veins are a major problem, so be careful not to
cut them if they are leading to or from the heart, brain, or lungs.
You may decide to leave the uterus intact as this can be stuffed.
Rinse out the body cavity with clean water, rub the inside with butter
and herbs. Core out the anus and stitch shut, Stuff her belly if
desired with stuffing mix, and sew the incision shut. The girl will
live longer while being cooked if she is stuffed as the stuffing will
keep her heart from cooking too soon. Basting the body frequently will
serve two uses, the meats will be more flavorful and juicy and she
will live longer. Weigh her after gutting and stuffing and calculate
her cooking time by the following rule - Barbeque 15-20 minutes per
pound, and Oven roast @375 degrees for 25-30 minutes per pound. Few
girls will live longer than 1 hour while cooking since she will die as
soon as her heart starts to cook.

If the girl is to be butchered, flush her intestines and bladder out
as decribed before, then kill her quickly by beheading or if she has
been hanged, cut her head off as well. Hang her body up by the feet
and let all the blood drain out before proceeding. If she is to be
skinned prior to butchering, start at the neck and slice a thin cut
down to the anus and continue down the backs of both legs. Another cut
should bemade from the neck down each arm. Chop off both feet and
hands (these are good for soups). Carefully peel the skin from the
body and turn over continuing on the other side. Leave the nipples on
the skin as the breasts are peeled. The vagina will have to be
carefully peeled and a small cut made to disconnect the skin on the
inside of her vagina. Wash the skin carefully prior to beginning the
tanning process. The leather produced from young girls is exquisitely
soft if treated correctly.

Next slit her belly open from her sternum to 2-4" above her vagina.
Remove all her guts and organs, setting aside the heart, liver and
kidneys. If you plan to use any parts for sausages, thouroughly clean
out the intestines and set aside. Taking a large cleaver, lay the body
chest down and split the body into two parts, using the backbone as
the guide.  Chop the neck into soup bones. Turn the body back over and
split the rib cage in two in the center. Cut the belly meats off first
and then using the cleaver again cut the upper body off at waist
level. Cut the vagina off complete with the pubic bone and the 2-4" of
surrounding meat. Then split the lower body into two parts for the
final butchering, it being easier to handle in smaller parts. In
smaller girls it is best to chop off both legs at the hip joint and
knees to cook those parts whole. The thigh can be left in roasts, bone
in hams, or sliced into steaks. The buttocks will make two beautiful
rump roasts or can also be sliced into steaks. Laying the chest sides
flat, breasts up. first slice the breasts off close to the rib bones
and set aside. There should still be some nipple meat if she has been
skinned carefully. Next chop off the racks of short ribs and Prime Rib
Roasts. Next remove all remaining meats from her bones, the brisket
from her upper chest muscles, Steaks & roasts from her back muscles,
and stew meats from her arms and lower legs. any remaining meats
should be ground into sausages or hamburger. A typical teen girl 5'4",
125 lbs when live will produce close to 60 lbs of useable meats,
organs, and sausages. 

Some favorite recipes:

Pate of Girl's Liver

1 young girl's liver			2 tablespoons cornstarch
1- 1/2 lbs chopped shoulder meat	3 oz Cognac
1 small onion				4 whole eggs
1 clove garlic 				1 tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon sage			1/2 teaspoon ground pepper

Coarse grind all meats and mix with remaining ingredients. place
formed in a loaf in a covered cassorole dish and bake for 2 1/2 hours
at 350 deg F. Cool and serve with unsalted crakers and caviar.

Breast with Red Wine

One moderate size girl's breast		2 tablespoons butter
2 cans tomato pieces			2 cups small pearl onions
4 carrots, sliced				2 stalks celery cut in
large pieces
2 cups red wine				2 cloves garlic, halved
1/2 tsp whole black peppercorns		1 pinch ea Majoram & thyme
1 bay leaf				2 Tablespoons melted butter
salt to taste				1 cup girl meat drippings and
broth

Quickly braise the breast in butter in a frying pan, just enough to
slightly brown. Place the breast in a covered roaster and pour the
broth and wine over it. Add tomatoes, onions, celery, carrots and the
seasonings to the roaster and cover. Roast at 350 deg F, basting
occasionally until done, about 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Serve the breast on a
platter diagonally sliced with the vegetables. Serve the broth like a
gravy to be poured over the meat as eaten.

Sliced Heart in Burgundy Sauce

One girl's heart, sliced		1 cup sliced mushrooms
1/4 cup chopped onions		1 cup burgundy wine
1/2 cup girl meat drippings and broth
salt and pepper to taste		flour for thickening

Braised the sliced heart and mushrooms in a pan with girl meat
drippings, butter, and onions. 
Add the wine and stir together with the broth. Add the salt and pepper
and add small amounts of flour to thicken sauce just slightly. Serve
very hot.

More to come later.......
