SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.I   September, 1923   No.9 
 
WARREN HARDING - FREEMASON 
 
A Nation is not simply a human encampment, or a business concern.  It is 
both of these, but much more.  It is the fusing of millions of people into 
a vast fraternity, a great friendship, into a unity of faith, feeling, 
purpose and destiny.  It is a collective memory and a collective hope; a 
thing of spirit, ideals, sentiment - a fellowship in history, service and 
that obligation to the future which is one of the noblest sentiments of 
mankind, and the most disinterested. 
 
Of the faith, history, genius and destiny of the Republic, the President is 
the embodiment.  He is a symbolic figure.  When he is running for office he 
is only a man like the rest of us, chosen from among ourselves by virtue of 
his strength of intellect and nobility of character, as these have 
developed before the eyes of his fellow citizens.  When he is elected he is 
something more.  He becomes then the incarnation of the spirit and will and 
purpose of a great people, and we need not apologize to any sentiment of 
equality for regarding him with reverence.  There is, in one way of looking 
at him, something sacred about the President, as the instrument of the 
execution of the organized will of the nation. 
 
This is not a mere fancy, but a fact of deep import which we need to 
ponder.  The investure of the President with the power and purpose of 
millions of people makes him other than he is in his private capacity.  
What the President does before the world he does for and through us, 
typifying the nation as no mere ruler could typify it.  He is a servant of 
the people, not a master.  His character as revealed in his stewardship is 
our character, his work in no real sense our work, doing things which free 
people decree shall be done.  He stands for the only Divine right that 
Republics know - the right of men to rule themselves.  The accolade of the 
popular will changes him and makes him a High Priest of humanity in this 
land, where, are being wrought out the highest ideals of the race. 
 
The President is the nation brought to a focus of personality, and we see 
him walking in a fiercer light than ever beat upon a throne - from humble 
life to the highest office a mortal may hold while wearing our morality.  
We have had many great Presidents, never a bad one.  No one on that great 
roster has betrayed his people, or proved unworthy of his mighty trust.  
Each is known to have been moved by pure motives - doing with an honest 
purpose all he could for the glory of the Republic.  Read the life of each 
President, and, in the light of all the facts and the posture of the hour, 
it will be seen that a better choice could not have been made than was made 
at the time.	 
 
In a manner not merely accidental, but providential, each of our 
Presidents, by virtue of his temperament, training, character and 
personality, has been the man to match the hour - for, to a degree not 
realized, the personality of the President gives and receives the tone and 
temper of the nation.  The names and services of our Presidents are a 
testimony to all the world that the plain common people can be trusted, 
while showing what kind of men a democracy can discover and develop.  Most 
of the great Presidents revealed their greatness after the wise ones 
wondered why they had been elected.  What was then the future and now the 
past has vindicated the intuition of the nation, in an almost miraculous 
manner. 
 
Into this great tradition of honor and service came President Harding, at a 
time of disillusion and confusion, in the wake of a gigantic War, when the 
world was feverish and almost fanatical with shell-shock; a quiet, gentle-
hearted man of fraternal instincts and humanitarian sentiments, having 
wisdom of patience and the patience of love; conservative, conciliatory, 
seeking to plant seeds in the good soil of understanding; friendly of 
spirit, faithful of heart; a man of haunting sympathy and healing goodwill; 
a small-town man, who loved all kind of folk, at once our neighbor and our 
President; honored for his character, beloved for his simple, unveneered 
humanity, and to be remembered as a man in whom the spirit of our Republic 
revealed itself as a great Friendship. 
 
Alas, just as he was striking his stride as a servant and leader of the 
people, God touched him and he fell asleep - plunging the nation and the 
world into a bereavement as unexpected as it was profound.  Each of us, 
whether we agree with the politics of the President or not, felt a sense of 
personal loss, as if a near neighbor and old friend had suddenly passed 
away - leaving us to wonder at the fleetingness of life and the strange 
ways of God.  He brought the people close to the Government, and the 
Government close to the people; he wanted to foster fellowship, 
understanding, brotherhood, co-operation between classes, creeds, nations, 
races.  In short, he was a man and a President to whom Fraternity was the 
fundamental need, faith and hope of the nation and the world, without which 
chaos comes again; and in this he was a true Master Mason. 
 
To the judgment of statesmen and the verdict of historians we must leave 
the final appraisal of the public acts of the President.  Leaving these 
large matters for some ultimate estimate yet to be made, it is with the 
more intangible influences of character and personality that we have to do 
now; those things which seem imponderable, but which are more precious that 
any official act.  Such influences are spiritual, mystical, incalculable, 
but they are beyond all price and make it worth our time to live. 
 
As has been said, the President was a great fraternalist, alike by 
temperament and by the habit of his life.  Brotherliness was native to his 
spirit, and he was a Mason in his heart, as all men should be, long before 
he was made a Mason, in the Lodge.  "I like the atmosphere of Fraternity," 
he said in one of his last speeches; and that was no affectation, but the 
literal truth of the man.  "I think I know the very soul of Masonry," he 
said in his address to the Imperial Council of the Shrine; and he rejoiced 
in the great place which fraternalism in general, and Masonry in 
particular, has in America.  He saw its value, both as a bulwark against 
anti-social forces, and as a constructive force in behalf of social 
stability and advance.  His estimate of Masonry was shown by the place he 
held in its fellowship, and the part he took in the assemblies, his Masonic 
affiliations being as follows: 
Marion Lodge No. 70, F. & A.M., Marion, Ohio; Marion Chapter No. 62, 
R.A.M., Marion, Ohio; Marion Commandery No.  36, K.T., Marion, Ohio; Scioto 
Consistory, A. & A.S.R., Columbus, Ohio; Aladdin Temple, A.A.O.N.M.S., 
Columbus, Ohio.  Honorary Member Albert Pike Lodge No. 36, A.F. & A.M., 
Washington, D.C.; Columbia Chapter No. 1, R.A.M., Washington, D.C., and 
Almas Temple, A.A.O.N.M.S., Washington, D.C. 
 
The President was elected to receive the Thirty-Third Degree of the 
Scottish Rite in 1920, but owing to the illness of Mrs. Harding, was unable 
to be present at the conferring of the Degree at Cleveland.  It was his 
intention to attend the session of the Supreme Council, Northern 
Jurisdiction, in New York in the autumn, to receive the Degree; but in the 
hearts of his Brethren he had already been crowned with the highest Degree 
within the gift of the Fraternity, as much for his spirit and character as 
for his devotion to the Craft.  At the time of his raising, and on various 
Masonic occasions, he left many expressions of his vision of Masonry, one 
of which, in his address to the Shrine, is as follows:  
 
"No man ever took the oaths and subscribed to the obligations with greater 
watchfulness and care than I exercised in receiving the various rites of 
Masonry; and I say it with due deliberation and without fear of breaking 
faith.  I have never encountered a lesson, never witnessed an example, 
never heard an obligation uttered which could not be openly proclaimed to 
the world.  More, if the lessons taught were heeded, if the obligations 
read were assumed, if the relationships urged were adopted men would be 
infinitely better in their relationships. 
 
"There is an honest, righteous and just fraternal life in America.  It 
embraces millions of men and women, and a hundred fraternal organizations 
extend their influence into more than a third of our American homes, and 
make ours a better Republic for their influences.  Fraternity is inherent 
in man.  It is our obligation to make the most of it for human betterment . 
. . In the Lodge room there is molded what becomes public opinion, and 
contributes to the moving forces of developing civilization. 
 
"I wish somehow we could have fraternity among nations, as it is taught in 
America among men.  I do not mean to employ sign, grip and password; which 
afford an appealing mystery to our relationship, but the insistent demand 
for just dealing, the respect for the rights of others, and the ideals of 
brotherhood recited in the Golden Rule, and the righteous fellow-
relationship which every man knows his God approves.  Under such a reign of 
fraternity cruel human warfare will never come again." 
 
Naturally, the President had a special affinity for the stately Order of 
the Knights Templar, in which two of the most beautiful things in the world 
are united - Freemasonry and Christianity.  He was a Christian, holding his 
faith with the simplicity of a little child - wherein he was wiser than any 
philosophers -  striving to live by its high principles, in private life 
and public office; and he died in its great assurance of the life immortal. 
Three days prior to his inauguration, at Marion, Ohio, the Order of the 
Temple was conferred upon him.  After the conclusion of the ceremonies he 
addressed the assembled Templars as follows: 
 
"Sir Knights:  It seems for a moment as though Masonry must have been 
designed for my helpfulness at this particular time.  If I have had a 
thought that I believed was my own, in all sincerity of a man's soul I 
believe that I have had the thought approaching my great responsibility in 
humility and faith; and I come tonight to the Temple of this splendid 
Knighthood and find it teaching me and empha-sizing those things I have 
been thinking.  And so I have come to the new assurance and new confidence 
in the knowledge that the manhood of America which bears the stamp of 
Masonry is back of me. 
 
"I thought while the Eminent Commander was speaking of the Flag, that he 
need not worry about the Flag.  All America is consecrated to the Flag, and 
I promise you, though I may fail you in many ways, God knows I will not 
fail you in that one thing.  While I love peace no less than any man on 
earth - While I think peace is the greatest thing to be thought of - I 
should have no hesitancy to draw this sword in the preservation of our 
national honor. 
 
"Have you ever stopped to think that tradition seldom preserves anything 
not worth while?  Oh, how beautiful is the story of Christ, and how you can 
bring it home to every man!  Every man has his Gethsemane. Every man has 
his cross to bear, and the measure of his manhood is the way he bears it.  
Men are crucified every day, as was Christ; and, while they do not rise 
again, perhaps, in the same great way, any man who performs his service to 
Christ never fails to live again. 
 
"Knighthood is no more forgotten today than when it flourished in its 
outward manifestation.  I believe the world is everlastingly growing 
better.  The Order of the Temple made a great impression upon me.  One of 
the twelve chosen apostles privileged to be with the Master daily, failed, 
and today we do not expect one man in twelve, or indeed, one in many more 
than twelve to fail.  We are going on to a finer and better order in the 
world.  The World War isn't chargeable to the Christian Religion, but to 
the failure of those who profess it.  Too often we take an obligation 
carelessly.  Too often we do not give it the consideration which we should. 
"I am mindful tonight that three days hence I am to take an oath - a solemn 
one, one that no man can approach without solemn thought.  I mean to take 
that obligation to defend and preserve in humility and faith; and in love 
of truth.  I want your help.  I want you to realize that the next 
administration of the greatest land on earth is yours, not mine; it's that 
of one hundred million, and I want the help of all of them." 
 
His last address, read by his secretary almost at the hour when he passed 
away, was in presentation of a traveling banner, of which he was the 
honored bearer, from the Grand Commandery, Knights Templar of Ohio, to the 
Grand Commandery of California, at Hollywood, on the afternoon of August 
2nd.  The banner was inscribed with the text, "Not unto us, O Lord, Not 
unto us; but unto Thy Name be the glory;" and the President said: 
 
"We should glorify the Holy Name, not by words, not by praise, not by 
display of arms, but by deeds of service in behalf of human brotherhood.  
Christ, the great Exemplar of our Order, repeatedly urged this truth upon 
his hearers.  There was nothing mystical or mythical in the code of living 
preached by Jesus Christ.  The lessons He taught were so simple and plain, 
so fashioned to be understood by the humblest of men, that they appealed to 
the reason and emo-tions of all.  His words to the fishermen bore 
conviction to the learned men of the Roman bench.  All his teachings were 
based upon the broad ground of fraternalism, and justice, and understanding 
from which flows peace, always.  'A new commandment I give unto you, that 
ye love one another.'  Surely this is 'all the Law and the Gospel.'. . 
.With the universal observance of Christ's commandment we would have the 
essentials of all religions.  Perhaps I will best express my thought if I 
say we need less of sectarianism, less of demoninationalism, less of 
fanatical zeal and its exactions, and more of the Christ spirit, more of 
the Christ practice, and a new and abiding consecration to reverence for 
God." 
 
Thus passed President Harding, Friend and Brother; on his lips words of 
love to man and faith to God, leaving a legacy of honorable character and 
gracious service.  All the Craft unite in the words, "Hail and Farewell, 
until we meet in the Great White Lodge," the while we wonder in our hearts 
what it must be like to be past death - to have accomplished that one 
amazing act which we have yet undone before us, and which awaits our 
adventure - to know what that awful and mysterious thing is, and that its 
pains and terrors are gone past forever.  For, whether we be Presidents or 
peasants, walking in high or humble lot, these things will pass away like a 
dream of the night, leaving only the Eternal God and the immortal soul, and 
the loves and fellowships of these many days and years! 

