SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.XIII   July, 1935   No.7

JURISDICTIONAL CONTRASTS

by:  Unknown

The forty-nine Grand Lodges of the continental United States live in 
peace and harmony together, each recognizing all the others, each 
practicing the same principles, teaching the same truths, inculcating 
the same philosophies.
In minor details, ritual is different in all; larger matters differ 
in some, but in all the essentials are the same. Yet different 
climates, longitudes and latitudes; character of people, political 
ideas, State and Jurisdictional history have all made their marks on 
what may be termed, for want of better words, the” body politic” of 
the several Grand Lodges, with the result that diverse practices and 
different laws are found in several States.  These present many 
interesting contrasts, some of which are here set forth.  Each Grand 
Jurisdiction, necessarily and properly, is a law unto itself in its 
own affairs, is, as a matter of course, right in its own 
pronouncements.
Election customs differ widely,  Grand Masters, Grand Wardens and 
Grand Secretaries are elected in all forty-nine Jurisdictions, but in 
Iowa, Massachusetts and Mississippi the Deputy Grand Master is 
appointed by the Grand Master.  In Nebraska and Washington there is 
no Grand Treasurer.  Only one Jurisdiction, the District of Columbia, 
elects as far “down the line” as stewards.
Grand Officers are not the same in all Jurisdictions.  
All have Grand Masters, Deputy Grand Masters, Grand Wardens, Grand 
Secretaries, Grand Deacons and Grand Tilers.  Some have other 
officers:  in Some Jurisdictions are to be found; 
Grand Auditor, Grand Orator, Grand Bible Bearer, Grand Chaplain, 
Grand Custodian, Grand Director of Ceremonies, Grand Historian, Grand 
Instructor, Grand Lecturer, Grand Librarian, Grand Marshal, Grand 
Master of Instruction, Grand Musical Director, Grand Organist, Grand 
Pursuivant, Grand Purveyor, Grand Sword Bearer, Grand Senior and 
Junior Stewards; and Grand Standard Bearer.
It is also to be noted that in forty-one Jurisdictions Wardens, 
Deacons and Stewards are “Senior Grand” and “Junior Grand,” while in 
eight they are “Grand Senior” and Grand Junior.”  In Missouri, 
Wardens are Senior and Junior Grand, while Deacons and Stewards are 
Grand Senior and Junior.  Stewards in both Carolinas are neither 
Senior nor Junior, and in Georgia are First, second and Third Grand 
Stewards.  New York has twelve Grand Sword Bearers, twelve Grand 
Stewards, twelve Grand Directors of Ceremonies.  Massachusetts has 
District Grand Masters, not to be confused with District Deputies, 
which are officers in many States.
In a great majority of Jurisdictions, the appointive power is vested 
wholly in the Grand Master, but in seven some officers are appointed 
by Wardens or the Grand Secretary.
All Grand Jurisdictions elect annually; ten invariably elect a 
retiring Grand Master for a second term; two others often do.  
Massachusetts almost invariably elects the same Grand Master three 
years in succession.  In times gone by Maryland reelected the same 
Grand Master year after year; only recently has that Grand Lodge had 
a living Past Grand Master.   So far, M.W. Brother Gorsuch is the 
only living P.G.M. in the Grand Lodge of Maryland.
Iowa and Massachusetts choose Grand Masters for the ensuing year 
“from the floor.”  Neither Maine nor Delaware “advance the line” 
below Deputy Grand Master, although of course no law prevents it.  
Thus, in two Jurisdictions a brother does not have to serve as a 
Grand Lodge officer before being elected to the Grand East; in at 
least two he may serve in only one station before election as Grand 
Master.  In some Jurisdictions the length of service runs up to as 
high as twelve stations in which an officer serves before becoming 
Grand Master.
All Grand Lodges but Michigan have some appointive Grand Officers.  
In eighteen Grand Lodges it is customary to elect the highest 
appointive officer to the lowest elective position; in twenty-nine 
Jurisdictions this is not done, the choice for the lowest  elective 
position being open.  Many Grand Lodges either permit or require 
nominations; some made openly from the floor; others secretly, in 
writing.  In a majority of Jurisdictions, nomination is forbidden.
Grand Lodge officers’ titles vary.  Forty-eight Jurisdictions call 
the Grand Master “Most Worshipful;” in Pennsylvania he is “Right 
Worshipful.”  Forty-six Jurisdictions call the Grand Secretary “Right 
Worshipful” - Arizona, California and Nevada denominate both Grand 
Secretary and Grand Treasurer, “Very Worshipful.”  Some Grand 
Jurisdictions, such as Connecticut and New Jersey, give “Right 
Worshipful” to all Grand Lodge Officers; others, such as the District 
of Columbia, give “Right Worshipful” only to the Deputy Grand Master, 
Grand Secretary and Treasurer; and Grand Wardens.  In some 
Jurisdictions a Grand Secretary or Treasurer is Most Worshipful if he 
is a Past Grand Master - in Virginia where it is customary to appoint 
the immediate Past Grand Master as Grand Junior Steward, he keeps his 
title of “Most Worshipful.”  Thirty-nine Jurisdictions give the title 
won by service to the Past Officer for life; others allow him to keep 
it only if he filled an elective office; still others give a life 
title only to a Past Grand Master.
Most Grand Lodges meet but once a year, but there are exceptions.  
Massachusetts and Pennsylvania met quarterly, with an extra 
Communication on St., John;s Day in winter; the District of Columbia 
meets semi-annually, with an extra Communication on St. John’s Day in 
the winter; Maryland, New Hampshire and Rhode Island meet twice 
yearly.  Grand Lodges meet every month of the year except July; three 
in January, six in February, five in March, three in April, eight in 
May, eleven in June, two in August, six in September, six in October, 
three in November and six in December.
In five Grand Lodges, Lodges are represented only by the Masters; in 
twenty-six by Masters and Wardens; in fifteen by Masters, Wardens and 
one Past Master; in two by Masters, Wardens and special 
representatives to Grand Lodge.
That a Lodge may instruct its representatives is an ancient right, 
specifically set forth in the Old Charges.  But the Old Charge does 
not state that representatives must follow their instructions.  
Masonic opinion is divided on the subject; twenty-one Grand 
Jurisdictions permit Lodge Representatives to disregard Lodge 
instructions and vote as per their consciences, thus making of Grand 
Lodge a deliberative body of Masonry, rather that a House of 
Representatives in which each delegate represents a constituency.
To brethren familiar only with the form of petition used by their 
Lodges 0 or, if in a Jurisdiction in which a standard Grand Lodge 
form of petition is mandatory, with that paper - the idea that there 
are as many varieties of ways to ask for the degrees as there are 
Grand Lodges may come as something of a novelty.  Yet no two Grand 
Lodges use the same forms, ask the same questions.
Petitions may vary in size from that of Arkansas, a paper not much 
larger than a bank check, to those of Arizona, Maine, Michigan, North 
Dakota, etc., which cover four pages, and those of Tennessee, Utah, 
etc. which are legal sized documents.
In addition to the petition, and the formal committee reports, some 
Jurisdictions use  also a questionnaire; in some this is filled out 
by the petitioner, in others by the committee.  A majority of the 
petitions which ask many questions include the questionnaire as a 
part of the petition.
All petitions begin with some sort of declaratory statement; a few 
have also an “authorized statement” or exhortation, which must be 
read and assented to before the petition is signed.
Petitions are strictly alike in just five particulars; all require 
name, age, residence, occupation and a statement as to any previous 
application.  Nine Grand Jurisdictions do not require the statement 
that the petitioner believes in God.  This most emphatically does not 
mean that these Grand Lodges do not require a “belief” in Deity; 
merely that the Lodges in these States use other means than the 
petition to satisfy themselves upon that important matter.  Several 
Grand Lodges ask leading questions regarding religious matters; 
California wants to know if the petitioner believes in a future 
existence; Mississippi, New York, and Oregon want a statement as to 
the belief in the immortality of the soul; Texas asks the petitioner 
if he believes in the authenticity of the Holy Scriptures, etc.  
Various Grand Lodges ask questions as to the religious faith of the 
petitioner, his father’s and mother’s church, what religion his wife 
follows, of what church he is a member of or attends.
Certain questions are a direct reflection of local conditions.  If a 
petitioner has resided less than five years in the District of 
Columbia, he is asked his previous residence, names and addresses of 
three persons preferably Masons, there acquainted with him, and, if 
know to him, by name, number and location of the Masonic Lodge 
nearest in all places he has lived during that five year period.  The 
reason is that to Washington come thousands and thousands of men from 
other Jurisdictions to take up temporary or permanent residence as 
servants of the government.  This Grand Lodge finds it essential to 
communicate with Lodges nearest the place a petitioner lived prior to 
his residence in Washington, that none who were refused for cause be 
balloted on without due knowledge.
Other interesting questions are asked by some Grand Lodges.  “What is 
the nationality of your parents?” is asked by Washington State.  “If 
you are not a citizen, what is your excuse for not taking out 
citizenship papers?” is desirable information in Michigan.
Oregon and Indiana are interested in whether or not a petitioner is a 
registered voter;  Maine asks where and when the applicant last paid 
a poll tax.  Overseas Lodge of Rhode Island naturally wants to know 
the war record, rank, date and character of discharge from the 
military or naval service of its applicants.  six grand lodges want 
to know if an applicant is divorced; Oregon asks who sought the 
divorce; Georgia wants to know the reason.  Some Grand Lodges ask if 
a petitioner lives with his wife, if previ-ously married and if so, 
is previous wife living; others like to ascertain if domestic 
relations are congenial, how many children, their names and ages.  
Such inquires are directed primarily to learning what are the 
chances, if any, that petitioners children might become charges upon 
the Lodge.
Some Grand Lodge are interested in the petitioners fraternal 
associations other than Freemasonry; Rhode Island likes to know if 
the petitioner has held any political or ecclesiastical offices, and 
many ask searching questions as to the financial abilities of the 
applicant to pay his fees and dues, how much insurance he carries, 
how long it has been in force, if he has accident and health as well 
as life insurance, etc.  Some add inquires as to present and past 
health , illnesses in last five years, names and addresses of 
physicians.
Some Grand Lodges cause a committee to express an opinion upon such 
matters as reputation for being a law abiding citizen, reputation for 
truth and honesty, habits which mat tend to degrade morals, financial 
reputation, has the petitioner gone through bankruptcy, character of 
his associates, is he engaged in the liquor traffic, a gambler, 
habitual user of profane or indecent language, etc.
California desires information as to whether the wife or family is in 
sympathy with the petitioner becoming a Mason.
The variation in law and custom governing dimits, affiliations and 
visiting is so great that more than one Bulletin of this size would 
be required even to list them, but a few points may be noted.  Dimit 
is spelled “dimit” in thirty-four Grand Jurisdictions; “Demit” in the 
others.  Eight Grand Jurisdictions do not require a written 
application for a Dimit; the others do, except a few which will 
accept an oral application “provided” it is made in open Lodge.  All 
require dues to be paid before a dimit is granted; some have other 
requirements, such as no other indebtedness to the Lodge, no one 
claiming right to file charges, a statement of the intention to 
affiliate with another Lodge.  Oklahoma will not grant a dimit to a 
brother who is not proficient in the Master’s Degree.
Half the Grand Lodges require a Lodge vote before a dimit is granted; 
half permit the Master to order a dimit if the precedent conditions 
are fulfilled; Arizona, only if the dimit is “non-recommendatory.”
In most Grand Lodges a dimit may be granted on request; in Michigan, 
dimits are given only to brethren who remove from the State; Montana 
“must” give a dimit to join another Lodge; if, however, the applicant 
desires to become a non-affiliate, he may or may not be given a 
dimit.  Nevada only gives a dimit to brethren within her borders if 
they desire to affiliate with another Lodge, which is also true of 
New York, except if  another desires to be “dropped from the rolls” 
(become a non-affiliate) he is entitled to a dimit in the Empire 
State.
In thirty-four Grand Lodges a dimit is unlimited as to time; in 
others a dimit is valid from three months to one year.
Visiting by an unaffiliated mason is a matter of much diversity.  in 
eleven grand jurisdictions there is no limit as to the number of 
times, or the length of time, a non affiliate may visit.  In some 
States the unaffiliated  may visit for six months; in eight he may 
visit three times; in five he may visit once; in the District of 
Columbia, once in each Lodge.  In three States an unaffiliated may 
not visit at all.
“Good standing cards” are required of would-be visitors in twenty-
five States; in eighteen they are not asked for; one Grand Lodge 
leaves it “up to the Tiler.”
These pages are not intended to be a complete exposition of all the 
contrasts in Masonic laws, but merely an indication of the wide 
divergences of opinion, custom, and practice which exists in our far-
flung Freemasonry.  That forty-nine Grand jurisdictions live side by 
side, neighborly, friendly, in the complete harmony “which is the 
Strength and support of all well regulated institutions,” while so at 
variance in details, is a tribute to the strength as well as to the 
elasticity of the Mystic Tie.


