SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.VI   December, 1928   No.12

THE MOTHER GRAND LODGE

by:  Unknown

It has often been remarked how casually , if not accidentally, so 
many great movements seem to start.  They seem to spring up of 
themselves, at the bidding of impulses of which men are only vaguely 
aware, and the full measure and meaning of which they do not know.  
As in the Alps, a shout or the report of a gun may start an avalanche 
of ice and snow, because of the poise of forces, so in history a 
little act often releases a vast pent-up power.

A perfect example is the "Revival" of Masonry in 1717,.  which, not 
only gave a new date to our annals, but a new form and force to the 
Craft, sending it to the ends of the earth on its benign mission.  So 
true is it that we almost say that modern Masonry, in its origin and 
organization, is as much a mystery as ancient Masonry with its 
symbols and rites, and the mystery may never be solved.

Out of a period of dim half-light and much obscurity the new Masonry 
arose, and knowing what it is, we have a keen curiosity to know how 
it came to be what it is.  How many questions we are eager to ask, 
answers to which are not found, or likely to be found, unless un-
guessed records should leap to light.  Anyway, our brethren of those 
formative days practiced the Masonic virtues of silence and 
circumspection to an extraordinary degree, telling us very little of 
what we should like to know so much.

How many lodges of Masons existed in London at that time is a matter 
of conjecture, but there must have been a number.  What tie, if any, 
united them for common action and fellowship we do not know.  Some 
were purely operative lodges, others seem to have been purely 
speculative - there were such lodges, such as the one in which 
Ashmole was initiated as early as 1646 - while others, as we shall 
see, were mixed; made up of men part of whom were Accepted Masons and 
part actual working masons.

The Craft, as all agree, was in a state of neglect, if not 
disintegration.  It enjoyed a period of prosperity in the rebuilding 
of London after the great fire in 1666, but as we read in the only 
record we have, "the few lodges at London finding themselves 
neglected by Sir Christopher wren, though it fit to cement under a 
Grand Master as the centre of union and harmony."  Wren was the great 
architect of the day, the builder of St. Paul's Cathedral.  Whether 
he was actually a lodge member or not is uncertain, but such was the 
reason given for the forming of a Grand Lodge.

Gould, our great historian, in describing "the assembly of 1717," out 
of which the first Grand Lodge grew, remarks that "unfortunately, the 
minutes of Grand Lodge only commence on July 24th, 1723 - six years 
after the event!  For the story of those first six years we are 
dependent upon an account not written, or at least not published, 
until the second edition of the Constitutions of 1738 - twenty-one 
years after the event to which it refers!  Surely, no other movement 
of equal importance ever left so scanty a record made so long after 
the fact.

Why no minutes were kept - or if kept at all, were lost we do not 
know.  Still less do we know why the first Grand Lodge was formed 
without a Constitution/  The General Regulations did not appear until 
1721, the Constitutions in 1723.  The impression is unmistakable that 
is was only an experiment, in response to a growing need for a 
"Center of Union and Harmony," and that those who took part in it did 
not dream that they were launching a movement destined to cover the 
earth with a great fraternal fellowship.  Four lodges united to form 
the Mother Grand Lodge, those that met:

1.	At the Goose and Gridiron Ale-House in St. Paul's Church Yard.
2.	At The Crown Ale-House in Parker's Lane, near Drury Lane.
3.	At the Apple-Tree Tavern in Charles Street, Covent Garden.
4.	At the Rummer and Grape Tavern in Channel-Row, Westminster.

In those days. as in our own day in London. lodges met in taverns and 
ale-houses - the hotels of the time.  Their meetings were festive, 
and often convivial, in the manner and custom of the day.  A rare old 
book called "Multa Paucis" asserts that six lodges, not four, were 
represented, but there is no record of the fact, though members of 
other lodges were no doubt present as guests.  Indeed, we have a hint 
to that effect in the meager record, as follows:

"They, (the four lodges) and old Brothers met at said Apple-Tree, and 
having put into the chair the oldest Master Mason (now Master of a 
lodge) they constituted themselves a Grand Lodge pro Tempore in Due 
Form, and forthwith revived the Quarterly Communication of the 
Officers of Lodges (called the Grand Lodge), resolved to hold the 
Annual Assembly and Feast, then  Chuse a Grand Master from among 
themselves, till they should have the honor of a Noble Brother at 
their Head."	

Such is the record of the preliminary meeting - what would we not 
give for a full account of its discussions and proceedings!  Diligent 
search has been made among the records, diaries and papers of the 
time, but few facts have been added to this record.  Even the date of 
the meeting was omitted, but it must have been in the spring or early 
summer of 1717, as the meeting at which the Grand Lodge was actually 
organized took place shortly afterward, in June of that year, and was 
held in the Goose and Gridiron Ale-House in St. Paul's Churchyard, 
near the west end of the Cathedral.

The old Ale-House had a long story, being one of the most famous in 
the city, whereof we may read in "London Inns and Taverns," by 
Leopold Wagner.  Before the Great Fire it had been called the Mitre, 
the first "Musick House" in London, and the meeting place of a 
Company of Musicians, its sign being a Swan and a Lyre.  Its master 
had gathered many trophies of travel, which he displayed, and which 
are said to have formed the nucleus of the Britian Museum.  After the 
fire it was rebuilt on the same site, but the new sign was so badly 
made that the wits of the town called it the Goose and Gridiron, and 
the name clung to it.  The record goes on:

"Accordingly, on St. John Baptist's Day, in the 3rd year of King 
George I, A.D. 1717, the assembly and Feast of the Free and Accepted 
Masons was held at the foresaid Goose and Gridiron Ale-House.
"Before dinner, the oldest Master Mason (now the Master of a Lodge), 
in the Chair, proposed a list of proper candidates; and the Brethren 
by a majority of Hands elected Mr. Anthony Sayer, Gentleman, Grand 
Master of Masons (Mr. Jacob Lamball, Carpenter; Capt. Joseph Elliot, 
Grand Wardens), who being forthwith invested with the Badges of 
Office and Power by said oldest Master, and installed, was duly 
congratulated by the Assembly, who paid him the Homage.

"Sayer, Grand Master, commanded the Masters and Wardens of Lodges to 
meet the Grand Officers every Quarter in Communication, at the place 
that he should appoint in the Summons sent by the Tyler."
So reads the only record that has come down to us of the founding of 
the Mother Grand Lodge.  Who were present, besides the three officers 
named, has so far eluded all research; their faces have faded, their 
names are lost - but imagine the scene.  The big room extended the 
width of the house, thirty feet one way and nearly twenty the other.  
In the center was an oak table, around which the delegates from the 
various lodges sat on chairs, smoking their pipes.  The seat of 
Anthony Sayer was before the fireplace, with its polished brass fire-
irons, with chestnut-roasters and bed-warmers hanging on either side 
of it.

It was an hour of feast and fun and fellowship, as they sat down to 
dinner together, as English lodges do today.  Each man had a rummer 
of foaming ale before him on the table, and as he drained it betimes 
it was refilled by a handsome maid, Hannah, whose name has survived 
long after others were lost.  Only a few memories live of that event 
which divided the story of Masonry into before and after; the famous 
sign in front of the house, so ugly that a Swan and a Lyre were 
mistaken for a Goose and a Gridiron; the skittleground on the roof; 
the small water-course, a rivulet of Fleet Brook, for which a way had 
to be made through the chimney; the pillar that propped up the 
chimney, and - Hannah, the maid.

How strange that the Masons of England allowed the old Ale-House to 
be taken down in 1893 - it ought to have been kept as a shrine of 
fellowship and fun.  But so little interest was taken in its fate 
that the historic sign was sold to a citizen of Dulwick, who put it 
in his greenhouse.  Later on, however, the old relic was recovered, 
and it now has a place of honor in the Guildhall Museum, along with 
other tokens of the London that is no more.  Alas, so little do men 
see, and so lightly do they value what is passing before their eyes.
What of the men who formed the Mother Grand Lodge?  

They did not - could not - realize what they had done so casually and 
in the spirit of frolic, much less foreknow its meaning and future.  
They merely wanted to make a "Centre of Union and Harmony," as they 
called it, between the lodges of the city.  There was no thought of 
imposing the authority of Grand Lodge upon the country in general, 
still less upon the world, as is clear from the Constitutions of 
1723, which are said to be "for the use of Lodges in London."  Yet, 
so great was the necessity for a Grand Lodge, that, once started, the 
impulse spread to Ireland, Scotland, and the ends of the earth.  Link 
was added link until it put "a girdle around the earth."

As a great man of the Craft has said so picturesquely, it is 
possible, and it is true, to say that Masonry was born in a Tavern, 
but it belongs to Almighty God; and so gentle was its spirit, so 
friendly and tolerant and wise withal, that it began to make the life 
of the Tavern like a vestibule for the life of the Church.


