SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.XIII   March, 1935   No.3

THAT ANCIENT SQUARE

by:  Unknown

What one symbol is most typical of Freemasonry as a whole?  Mason and 
non-Mason alike, nine times out of ten, will answer, “The Square!”
Many learned writers on Freemasonry have denominated the square as 
the most important and vital, most typical and common symbol of the 
ancient Craft.  Mackey terms it “one of the most important and 
significant symbols.”  McBride said: 
“-In Masonry or building, the great dominant law is the law of the 
square.”  Newton’s words glow: “Very early the square became an 
emblem of truth, justice and righteousness, and so it remains to this 
day, though uncountable ages have passed.  Simple, familiar, 
eloquent; it brings from afar a sense of wonder of the dawn, and it 
still teaches a lesson we find it hard to learn.”  Haywood speaks of:  
“—Its history, so varied and so ancient, its use, so universal.”  
MacKensie:  
“An important emblem - passed into universal acceptance.”  In his 
encyclopedia, Kenning copied Mackey’s phrase.  Klein reverently 
denominates it “The Great Symbol.”  I Kings, describing the Temple, 
states that “all the doors and the posts were square.”
It is impossible definitely to say that the square is the oldest 
symbol in Freemasonry; who may determine when the circle, triangle or 
square first impressed men’s minds?  But the square is older than 
history.  Newton speaks of the oldest building known to man:  “- A 
prehistoric tomb found in the sands at Hieraconpolis, is already 
right angled.”
Masonically the word “square” has the same three meanings given the 
syllable by the world:  (1)  The conception of right angleness - our 
ritual tells us that the square is an angle of ninety degrees, or the 
fourth of a circle; (2)  The builder’s tool, one of our working 
tools, the Master’s own immovable jewel; (3)  That quality of 
character which has made “a square man” synonymous not only with a 
member of our Fraternity, but with uprightness, honesty and 
dependability.
The earliest of the three meanings must have been the mathematical 
conception.  As the French say, “it makes us furiously to think” to 
reflect upon the wisdom and reasoning powers of men who lived five 
thousand years ago, that they knew the principles of geometry by 
which a square can be constructed.
Plato, greatest of the Greek philosophers, wrote over the porch of 
the house in which he taught:  “Let no one who is ignorant of 
geometry entry my doors.”  Zenocrates , a follower of Plato, turned 
away an applicant for the teaching of the Academy, who was ignorant 
of geometry, with the words:  “Depart, for thou has not the grip of 
philosophy.”  Geometry is so intimately interwoven with architecture 
and building that “geometry, or Masonry, originally synonymous terms” 
is a part of most rituals.  The science of measurements is concerned 
with angles, the construction of figures, the solution of problems 
concerning both, and all the rest upon the construction of a right 
angle, the solutions which sprang from the Pythagorean Problem, our 
“Forty-Seventh Problem of Euclid,” so prominent in the Master’s 
Degree.
The ancient Greek name of the square was “gnomon,” from whence comes 
our word “knowledge.”  The Greek letter “gamma” formed like a square 
standing on one leg, the other pointing to the right - in all 
probability derived from the square, and “gnomon,” in turn, derived 
from the square which the philosophers knew was at the root of their 
mathematics.

Democritus, old philosopher, according to Clement of Alexandria, once 
exulted:  “In the construction of plane figures with proof, no one 
has yet surpassed me, not even the Harpedonaptae of Egypt.”
In the truth of his boast we have no interest, but much in the 
Harpedonaptae of Egypt.  The names means, literally, “rope 
stretchers” or “Rope fasteners.”  In the Berlin museum is a deed, 
written on leather, dating back to 2,000 B.C.  which speaks of the 
work of rope stretchers; how much older rope stretching may be, as a 
means of constructing a square, is unknown, although the earliest 
known mathematical hand-book (that of Ahmes, who lived in the 
sixteenth or seventeenth Hyskos dynasty in Egypt, and is apparently a 
copy of a much older work which scholars trace back to 3400 B.C.), 
does not mention rope stretching as a means of square construction.
Most students in school days learned a dozen ways of erecting one 
line perpendicular to another.  It seems strange that any other 
people were ever ignorant of such simple mathematics.  Yet all 
knowledge had a beginning.  Masons learn of Pythagorean’s 
astonishment and delight at his discovery of the principle of the 
Forty-seventh Problem.  Doubtless the first man who erected a square 
by stretching a rope was equally happy over his discovery.
Researchers into the manner of construction of pyramids, temples and 
monuments in Egypt reveal a very strong feeling on the part of the 
builders for the proper orientation of their structures.  
Successfully to place the building so that certain points, corners or 
openings might face the sun or a star at a particular time, required 
very exact measurements.  Among these, the laying down of the cross 
axis at a right angle to the main axis of the structure was highly 
important.
It was this which the Harpedonaptae accomplished with a long rope.
The cord was first marked off in twelve equal portions, possible by 
knots, more probably, by markers thrust into the body of the rope.  
The marked rope was then laid upon the line on which a perpendicular 
(right angle) was to be erected.  The rope was pegged down at the 
third marker from the from one end, and another, four markers further 
on.  This left two free ends, one three total parts long, one five 
total parts long.  With these ends the Harpedonatae scribed two semi-
circles.  When the point where these two met, was connected to the 
first peg (three parts from the end of the rope, a perfect right 
angle, or square, resulted.
Authorities have differed and much discussion has been had, on the 
“true form” of the Masonic square; whether a simple square should be 
made with legs of equal length, and marked with divisions into feet 
and inches, or with one keg longer than the other and marked as are 
carpenter’s squares today.  Mackey says:
“It is proper that its true form should be preserved.  The French 
Masons have almost universally given it with one leg longer than the 
other, thus making it a carpenter’s square.  The American Masons, 
following the delineations of Jeremy L. Cross, have, while generally 
preserving the equality of length in the legs, unnecessarily marked 
its surface with inches, thus making it an instrument for measuring 
length and breadth, which it is not.  It is simply the “trying 
square” of a stonemason, and has a plain surface, the sides embracing 
an angle of ninety degrees, and it is intended only to test the 
accuracy of the sides of a stone, and to see that its edges subtend 
the same angle.”
Commenting on this, the Editor of “the Builder” wrote (May, 1928):
“This is one of the occasions when this eminent student ventured into 
a field beyond his own knowledge, and attempted to decide a matter of 
fact from insufficient data.  For actually, there is not, and never 
has been, any essential difference between the squares used by 
carpenters and stone workers.  At least not such difference as Mackey 
assumes.  He seems to imply that French Masons were guilty of an 
innovation in making the square with unequal limbs.  This is rather 
funny, because the French (and the Masons of Europe generally) have 
merely maintained the original form, while English speaking Masonry, 
or rather the designers of Masonic jewels and furnishings in English 
speaking countries, have introduced a new form for the sake, 
apparently, of its greater symmetry.  From medieval times up till the 
end of the eighteenth century, all representations of Mason’s squares 
show one limb longer than the other.  In looking over the series of 
Masonic designs of different dates it is possible to observe the 
gradual lengthening of the shorter limb and the shortening of the 
longer one, till it is sometimes difficult to be certain at first 
glance if there is any difference between them.
“There is absolute no difference in the use of the square in 
different crafts.  In all the square is used to test work, but also 
to set it out.  And a square with a graduated scale on it is at times 
just as great a convenience for the stonemason as for the carpenter.  
When workmen made their own squares there would be no uniformity in 
size or proportions, and very few would be graduated, though 
apparently this was sometimes done.  It is rather curious that the 
cut which illustrates this article in Mackey’s Encyclopedia actually 
show a square with one limb longer than the other.”  
It is to be noted that old operative squares were either made wholly 
of wood, or of wood and metal, as indeed, small try squares are made 
today.  Having one leg shorter than the other would materially reduce 
the chance of accident destroying the right angle which was the tools 
essential quality . .  So that authorities who believe our equal 
legged squares not necessarily “true Masonic squares” have some 
practical reasons for their convictions.
It is of interest to recall McBride’s explanation of the “center” as 
used in English Lodges, and the “point within a circle,” familiar to 
us.  He traces the medieval “secret of the square” to the use of the 
compasses to make the circle from which the square is laid out.  
Lines connecting a point, placed anywhere on the circumference of a 
circle, to the intersection with the circumference cut by a straight 
line passing through the center of the circle, forms a perfect 
square.  McBride believed that our “point within a circle” was direct 
reference to this early operative method of correcting the angles in 
the wooden squares of operative cathedral builders, and that our 
present “two perpendicular lines” are a corruption of the two lines 
which connect points on the circle.
The symbolism of the square, as we know it, is also very old; just 
how ancient, as impossible to say as the age of the tool or the first 
conception of mathematical “square-ness.”  In 1880 the Master of 
Ionic Lodge No. 1781, at Amot, China, speaking on Freemasonry in 
China said:
“From time immemorial we find the square and compasses used by 
Chinese writers to symbolize precisely the same phrases of moral 
conduct as in our system of Freemasonry.  The earliest passage known 
to me which bears upon the subject is to be found in the Book of 
History embracing the period reaching from the twenty-fourth to the 
seventh century before Christ.  There is an account of a military 
expedition where we read:
“Ye Officers of government, apply the Compasses!”
“In another part of the same venerable record a Magistrate is spoken 
of as:  ‘A man of the level, or the level man.’
“The public discourses of Confucius provide us with several Masonic 
allusions of a more or less definite character.  For instance, when 
recounting his own degrees of moral progress in life, the Master 
tells us that only at seventy-five years of age could he venture to 
follow the inclinations of his heart without fear of ‘transgressing 
the limits of the square.’  This would be 481 B.C., but it is in the 
words of the great follower, Mencius, who flourished nearly two 
hundred years later, that we meet with a fuller and more impressive 
Masonic phraseology.  In one chapter we are taught that just as the 
most skilled articifers are unable, without the aid of the square and 
compasses, to produce perfect rectangles or perfect circles, so must 
all men apply these tools figuratively to their lives, and the level 
and the markingline besides, if they would walk in the straight and 
even paths of wisdom, and keep themselves within the bounds of honor 
and virtue.  In Book IV we read:
“The compasses and Square are the embodiment of the rectangular and 
the round, just as the prophets of old were the embodiment of the due 
relationship between man and man.” 
In Book IV we find these words:
“The Master Mason, in teaching his apprentices, makes use of the 
compasses and the square.  Ye who are engaged in the pursuit of 
wisdom must also make use of the compasses and the square.”
In the “Great Learning,” admitted on all sides to date from between 
300 to 400 years before Christ, in Chapter 10, we read that a man 
should abstain from doing unto others what he would not they should 
do unto him:  “this,” adds the writer, “is called the principle of 
acting on the square.”
Independently of the Chinese, all peoples in all ages have thought of 
this fundamental angle, on which depends the solidity and lasting 
quality of buildings, as expressive of the virtues of honesty, 
uprightness and morality.  Confucius, Plato, the Man of Galilee, 
stating the Golden Rule in positive form, all make the square an 
emblem of virtue.
In this very antiquity of the Craft’s greatest symbol is a deep 
lesson; the nature of a square is as unchanging as truth itself.  It 
was always so, it will always be so.  So, also, are those principles 
of mind and character symbolized by the square; the tenets of the 
builder’s guild expressed by a square.  They have always been so, 
they will always be so.  From their very nature they must ring as 
true on the farthest star as here.
So will Freemasonry always read it, that its gentle message perish 
not from the earth!


