SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.II     March, 1924     No.3 
 
THE HOLY BIBLE 
 
by: Unknown 
 
Upon the Altar of every Masonic Lodge, supporting the Square and Compasses, 
lies the Holy Bible. The old, familiar Book, so beloved by so many 
generations, is our Volume of Sacred Law and the Great Light in Masonry.  
The Bible opens when the Lodge opens; it closes when the Lodge closes.  No 
Lodge can transact its own business, mush less initiate candidates into its 
mysteries, unless the Book of Holy Law lies open upon its Altar.  Thus the 
Book of the Will of God Rules the Lodge in its labors, as the Sun Rules the 
Day, making its work a worship. 
 
The history of the Bible in the life and symbolism of Masonry is a story 
too long to recite here.  Nor can any one tell it as we should like to know 
it.  Just when, where, and by whom the teaching and imagery of the Bible 
were wrought into Freemasonry, no one can tell.  Anyone can have his 
theory, but no one can be dogmatic.  As the Craft labored in the service of 
the Church during the Cathedral-Building period, it is not difficult to 
account for the Biblical coloring of its thought, even in days when the 
Bible was not widely distributed, and before the discovery of printing.  
Anyway, we can take such facts as we are able to find, leaving further 
research to learn further truth. 
 
The Bible is mentioned in some of the old manuscripts of the Craft long 
before the revival of Masonry in 1717, as the book upon which the covenant, 
or oath, of a Mason was taken; but it is not referred to as a Great Light.  
For example, in the Harleian Manuscript, dated about 1600, the obligation 
of an initiate closes with the words: "So Help Me God, and the Holy 
Contents of this Book."  In the old ritual, of which a copy from the Royal 
Library in Berlin is given by Krause, there is no mention of the Bible as 
one of the Lights.  It was in England, due largely to the influence of 
Preston and his fellow workmen, that the Bible came to its place of honor 
in the Lodge.  At any rate, in the rituals of about 1760 it is described as 
one of three Great Lights. 
 
No Mason needs to be told what a great place the Bible has in the Masonry 
of our day.  It is central, sovereign, supreme, a master light of all our 
seeing.  From the Altar it pours forth upon the East, the West, and the 
South its white light of spiritual vision, moral law, and immortal hope.  
Almost every name found in our ceremonies is a Biblical name, and students 
have traced about seventy-five references to the Bible in the Ritual of the 
Craft.  But more important than direct references is the fact that the 
spirit of the Bible, its faith, its attitude toward life, pervades Masonry, 
like a rhythm or a fragrance.  As soon as an initiate enters the Lodge, he 
hears the words of the Bible recited as an accompaniment to his advance 
toward the light.  Upon the Bible every Masons takes solemn vows of 
loyalty, of chastity, and charity, pledging himself to the practice of the 
Brotherly Life.  Then he moves forward from one degree to another, the 
imagery of the Bible becomes familiar and eloquent and its music sings its 
way into his heart. 
 
Nor is it strange that it should be so.  As faith in God is the corner-
stone of the Craft, so, naturally, the book which tells us the purest truth 
about God is its Altar-Light.  The Temple of King Solomon, about which the 
history, legends, and symbolism of the Craft are woven, was the tallest 
temple of the ancient world, not in the grandeur of its architecture but in 
the greatest of the truths for which it stood.  In the midst of ignorant 
idolatries and debasing superstitions the Temple on Mount Moriah stood for 
Unity, Righteousness, and Spirituality of God.  Upon no other foundation 
can men  build with any sense of security and permanence when the winds 
blow and the floods descend.  But the Bible is not simply a foundation 
rock; it is also a quarry in which we find the truths that make us men.  As 
in the old ages of geology rays of sunlight were stored up in vast beds of 
coal, for the uses of man, so in this old book the light of moral truth is 
stored to light the mind and warm the heart of man. 
 
Alas, there has been more dispute about the Bible than about any other 
book, making for schism, dividing men in sects.  But Masonry knows a 
certain secret, almost too simple to be found out, whereby it avoids both 
intolerance and sectarianism.  It is essentially religious, but it is not 
dogmatic.  The fact that the Bible lies open upon the Altar means that man 
must have some Divine Revelation - must seek for a light higher than human 
to guide and govern him.  But it lays  down no hard and fast dogma on the 
subject of revelation.  It attempts no detailed interpretation of the 
Bible.  The great Book lies open upon its Altar, and is open for all to 
read, open for each to interpret for himself.  The tie by which our Craft 
is united is strong, but it allows the utmost liberty of faith and thought.  
It unites men, not upon a creed bristling with debated issues, but upon the 
broad, simple truth which underlies all creeds and over-arches all sects - 
faith in God, the wise Master Builder, for whom and with whom man must 
work. 
 
Herein our gentle Craft is truly wise, and its wisdom was never more needed 
than today, when the Churches are divided and torn by angry debate.  
However religious teachers may differ in their doctrines, in the Lodge they 
meet with mutual respect and good will.  At the Altar of Masonry they learn 
not only toleration, but appreciation.  In its air of kindly fellowship, 
man to man, they discover that the things they have in common are greater 
than the things that divide.  It is the glory of Masonry to teach Unity in 
essentials, Liberty in details, Charity in all things; and by this sign its 
spirit must at last prevail.  It is the beautiful secret of Masonry that 
all just men, all devout men, all righteous men are everywhere of one 
religion, and it seeks to remove the hoodwinks of prejudice and intolerance 
so that they may recognize each other and work together in the doing of 
good. 
 
Like everything else in Masonry, the Bible, so rich in symbolism, is itself 
a symbol - that is, a part taken for the whole.  It is a symbol of the Book 
of truth, the Scroll of Faith, the Record of the Will of God as man has 
learned it in the midst of the years - the perpetual revelation of Himself 
which God has made, and is making, to mankind in every age and land.  Thus, 
by the very honor which Masonry pays to the Bible, it teaches us to revere 
every Book of Faith in which men find help for today and hope for the 
morrow.  For that reason, in a Lodge consisting entirely of Jews, the Old 
Testament alone may be placed upon the Altar, and in a Lodge in the land of 
Mohammed the Koran may be used.  Whether it be the Gospels of the 
Christian, the Book of the Law of the Hebrew, the Koran of the Mussulman, 
or the Vedas of the Hindu; it everywhere Masonically conveys the same idea 
- symbolizing the Will of God revealed to man, taking such faith and vision 
as he has found into a great fellowship of the seekers and finders of the 
truth. 
 
Thus Masonry invites to its Altar men of all faiths, knowing that, if they 
use different names for the "Nameless One of an Hundred Names," they are 
yet praying to the one God and Father of all; knowing also, that while they 
read different volumes, they are in fact reading the same vast Book of 
Faith of Man as revealed in the struggle and tragedy of the race in its 
quest of God.  So that, great and noble as the Bible is, Masonry sees it as 
a symbol of that eternal, ever-unfolding Book of the Will of God which 
Lowell described in memorable lines: 
 
Slowly the Bible of the race is writ, 
And not on paper leaves, nor leaves of stone; 
Each age, each kindred, adds a verse to it, 
Text of despair or hope, of joy or moan, 
While swings the sea, while mists the mountain shroud, 
While thunder's surges burst on cliffs of cloud,  
Still at the Prophets' feet the nations sit. 
 
None the less, while we honor every Book of Faith in which have been 
recorded the way and Will of God, with us the Bible is supreme, at once the 
mother-book of our literature, and the master-book of the Lodge.  Its truth 
is inwrought in the fiber of our being, with whatsoever else of the good 
and the true which the past has given us.  Its spirit stirs our hearts, 
like a sweet habit of the blood; its light follows all our way, showing us 
the meaning and worth of life.  Its very words have in them memories, 
echoes, and overtones of voices long since hushed, and its scenery is 
interwoven with the holiest associations of our lives.  Our father and 
mothers read it, finding in it their final reasons for living faithfully 
and nobly, and it is thus a part of the ritual of the Lodge and the Ritual 
of Life. 
 
Every Mason ought not only to honor the Bible as a great Light of the 
Craft; he ought to read it, live it, love it, lay its truth to heart and 
learn what it means to be a man.  There is something in the old Book which, 
if it gets into a man, makes him both gentle and strong, faithful and free, 
obedient and tolerant, adding to his knowledge virtue, patience, 
temperance, self-control, brotherly love, and pity.  The Bible is as high 
as the sky and as deep as the grave; its two great characters are God and 
the soul, and the story of their romance.  It is the most human of books, 
telling us the half-forgotten secrets of our own hearts, our sins, our 
sorrows, our doubts, our hopes.  It is the most Divine of Books, telling us 
that God has made us for himself, and that our hearts will be restless and 
lonely until we learn to rest in Him whose will is our peace. 
 
"He hath showed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the Lord require 
of thee, but to do justly, to love mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God." 
Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, 
and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind; and thy neighbor as 
thyself." 
Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye 
even so to them; for this is the law and the Prophets." 
"Pure and undefiled religion before God and the Father is this:  To visit 
the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself 
unspotted by the world." 
"For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, 
we have a building of God, a house not made with hands, eternal in the 
heavens." 
					 
Copyright, 1924, by The Masonic Service Association of the United States.  
The contents of this Bulletin must not be reproduced, in whole or in part, 
without permission. 
Published monthly by The Masonic Service Association of the United States 
under the auspices of the member Grand Jurisdictions. 
Entered as second-class matter September 6, 1923, at the Post Office at 
Washington, D.C., under the Act of August 214, 1912.  Acceptance for 
mailing at special rate of Postage provided for in section 1103, Act of 
October 3, 1917, authorized February 17, 1923.  
 

