SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.IV     June, 1926      No.6

T.B.

by: Unknown

There are so many ramifications to our modern Masonic edifice that to 
be well informed in all would require most of our waking moments to 
be spent in study and research.  Even to have a working knowledge of 
the contemporary history-in-the-making of this great institution 
requires more time than the average member of the craft can give to 
it.

One phase of modern Masonic building, however, should be close to the 
heart of every man who wears the Square and Compasses.  The relief of 
the needy and distressed; the care of the sick who are not able to 
continue as bread winners, is the pride of the Fraternity, and at the 
top of the list of those to be helped are written large in the names 
of our Brethren who suffer from the Great White Plague.

The ravages of this dread disease are enormous, more so than most of 
us realize.  It is to bring to the attention of the Craft the 
terrible inroads tuberculosis is making in our ranks and to show what 
organized steps can be taken for relief, that this Bulletin is 
presented.

Tuberculosis is the chief cause of poverty, suffering and distress to 
the Masons of our country.  Competent statisticians estimate it costs 
the Masonic Fraternity of the united States over $60,000,000 
annually.

Of the 4,000 Masons who die each year from this preventable disease a 
large number die from a lack of the financial aid to make the 
necessary hospitalization possible.

Some 30,000 members of our Fraternity are victims of tuberculosis, 
requiring proper hospitalization to restore them to health.  The 
disease strikes down the supporting head of a family, often when he 
is most needed.  Tuberculosis is preeminently THE disease that calls 
for united, concerted action by any body of men to restore the 
victims to health, a process which requires expensive curative 
methods.

The "Sore Spot" of this tuberculosis problem is in our Southwestern 
dry-climate states, to which large numbers of tuberculars migrate 
each year in search of health.  Sixteen per cent of these ask for 
assistance within a week after arrival; one-third within one month; 
one-half within one year.  Many Masons become objects of public 
charity, - the middle west leads in supplying these migratory 
tuberculars.  In one southwestern town a survey identified over 200 
Masons from 31 different Grand Lodge Jurisdictions, all victims of 
tuberculosis seeking health.  

Little wonder, therefore, that our brethren in the Southwest have 
seen the need for relief for Masonic tuberculars.  Aroused by this 
need, they have for some five years past pleaded for aid in 
developing a plan for such relief.

The problem of tuberculosis, its prevention, curative treatment, and 
the care and cure of its victims, effect every Masonic Grand 
Jurisdiction.  Some of these are big enough, rich enough to meet 
local demands, but often those very Jurisdictions send more than 
their quota of Masonic tuberculars to the Southwest.  But many 
Jurisdictions do not, and never can, maintain their own sanitoria.  
There is no Masonic Tubercular Sanitorium anywhere in our country, 
open to our Fraternity generally.

Here is a verified record of a Freemasons, afflicted with 
tuberculosis, filed in the records of the National Masonic Tubercular 
Sanitoria Association as "Case No.21."

"A member in good standing of one of our large and prosperous Masonic 
Grand Jurisdictions came to El Paso, Texas in search of relief from 
tuberculosis.  His home Lodge paid his expenses out there; quite a 
common form of "charity."  Shortly after arrival, physically unable 
to earn a living he became destitute and applied to the Associated 
Charities of that city for aid, which was given.  He also received 
aid from an El Paso Masonic Lodge, his home Lodge and his own Grand 
Lodge.  From this money contributed he helped to support his wife and 
children "Back Home."  To economize he lived, cooked, ate and slept 
in a basement de-scribed by  charity workers as "rat-hole."  

Naturally he lost ground and was finally sent home to die by the El 
Paso Lodge."

This is not an extreme case.  It is typical of scores that have been 
verified but investigations made.

This brother of ours lost his fight for the right to live, not 
because he failed to receive aid from his home lodge, but because of 
the lack of an existing agency to take him in charge for a period 
long enough to effect a cure, relieving him of the worry of making a 
livelihood while seeking health, give him proper treatment, and 
removing the danger of his infecting others.

Put yourself in his place.  If you existed upon public charity would 
not your thoughts go back to the moment when you stood in the 
Northeast corner of your lodge and learned an important lesson in 
charity?  Ask yourself, as a Mason, if Masonry does not owe it to 
these hundreds of afflicted brethren to extend the  hand of fraternal 
aid, by applying to them those recognized methods of curative 
treatment that are so successful in Tuberculosis?

Other Fraternal organizations are taking care of their tuberculars; 
why should not Masonry?  One fraternal tubercular sanitorium 
representing a total investment and expenditure of some 3-1/4 
millions of dollars estimates that over $15,000,000 has been earned 
by the "graduates" of that institution, restored to health, and to 
normal earning capacity.

Because of the urgent need for relief measures for our Masonic 
tuberculars, verified after years of careful investigation, the Grand 
Lodge of New Mexico has recently Chartered, The National Masonic 
Tubercular Sanitoria Association to serve as an agency or trustee, on 
behalf of all our Grand Jurisdictions, for the relief of those of our 
Fraternity suffering from tuberculosis, and the members of their 
families; to erect and operate sanitoria; to secure hospitalization 
of the sick and to aid in the prevention of tuberculosis.

This Association is ready to serve the Masonic Fraternity of our 
country.  In no sense a local organization, it appeals for active 
cooperation and participation by every Grand Lodge in the United 
States, with representation on its Board of Governors.

The Masonic Service Association, after four years of investigation, 
definitely recognized, at its last Annual Meeting, the magnitude and 
importance of this problem and undertook to aid in working out a 
solution.  It authorized a call on all Masonic Grand Jurisdictions 
for funds to work out plans and provide immediate relief where 
needed.

First - Let Lodges and individual Masons who want to help make known 
the facts.  Wake up Masons and Masonic organizations to the need for 
action.  Remind them, if need be, of that Northeast Corner and its 
lesson, familiar to every true Mason.  Help in the necessary 
publicity work to be done.

Second - Get in touch with National Masonic Tubercular Sanitoria 
Association, Las Cruces, New Mexico.
Third - Do all you can to have your own Grand Lodge participate in 
this work.

Masonry stands - has always stood - for relief.  The true Mason will 
respond more quickly to the appeal of a worthy, distressed brother 
than to any other cause.  The need for tubercular relief has been 
definitely proved; it can only be met by united action.  It is a task 
for us all, not for just a few.  If we all work, the task is 
accomplished - which means, literally, thousands of lives saved every 
year - lives of men with whom we have sworn the Brotherhood of the 
Mystic Tie. 


