SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.X   December, 1932   No.12

THE ALL-SEEING EYE

by: Unknown

In the modern Masonic ritual the All-Seeing Eye is combined with the 
Sword, pointed at a Naked Heart; which latter emblem apparently came 
to American Freemasonry through Webb.  The quotation from his Monitor 
(1797) is as follows:
“The Sword pointing to a Naked Heart demonstrates that justice will 
sooner or later overtake us, and although our thoughts, words and 
actions may be hidden from the yes of man, yet the All Seeing Eye, 
whom the Sun, Moon and Stars obey, and under whose watchful care even 
comets perform their stupendous revolutions, pervades the whole, and 
will reward us according to our merits.”
The Sword and Naked Heart were probably adopted by Preston from early 
initiation ceremonies of the Continent, probably French, in which 
even today we find some degrees of some rites dressed with swords 
which are pointed at the candidate.  But the essential part of this 
symbol, the All-Seeing eye, is hoary with antiquity, and, in one form 
or another, has been identified with early religions and mysteries 
from their beginnings.
It seems natural for men to personify his members in order to 
symbolize a virtue.  The foot is universally a symbol of swiftness; 
the arm, of strength; the hand, of fidelity.  The hand we extend to 
clasp that of a friend must be open, showing it contains no weapon; 
the knight of old removed his mailed gauntlet before offering his 
hand, to indicate that he greeted a friend from whom he feared no 
attack.  From this we get our modern concept that it is good manners 
to remove a glove before shaking hands.
The eye was adopted early as a symbol of watchfulness, for reasons 
too obvious to set forth.  By a natural transition, the watchful eye 
never slept, and which thus saw everything, speedily became the 
symbol of Deity.
Hear the Psalmist (XXXIV):  “The eyes of the Lord are upon the 
righteous, and his ears are open unto their cry.”
Again (CXXI), “He that keepeth thee will not slumber.  
Behold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep.”
A Proverb reads:  “The yes of the Lord are in every place, beholding 
the evil and the good.”
Egypt symbolized her God and King, Osiris, by a open eye; it was in 
all the Temples, and is frequently found sculptured in stone together 
with a throne and a square, symbolic of Osiris’ power and rectitude.
One of the great curiosities of the world is the similarity, often 
identity, of ideas, inventions, discoveries, conceptions of peoples 
far removed, the one from the other, both in time and geographical 
location.  The primitive loom, for instance, is strikingly similar in 
Egypt, India, South America, Africa and among the Esquimaux.  The 
Swastika (symbol made of four joined squares), often termed the 
oldest of symbols, is to be found literally all over the world.  So 
is the point within a circle, and the square as an emblem is found in 
early Egypt, Rome and China, to mention only three.
It is not surprising, therefore, to find so obvious a symbol as a 
watchful eye typifying Deity in the uttermost ends of the earth.  
That it was called the “All-Seeing Eye” in Vedic hymns a thousand 
years older than Christianity, and in a land as far as India from 
that we are wont to consider the cradle of Masonry, is a fact to make 
any student think.
Forty years ago the Reverend J.P. Oliver Minos drew Masonic attention 
to one of the Ric-Veda Hymns especially addressed to “Surya,” or the 
Sun:
“Behold, the rays of dawn, like heralds, lead on high.
The Sun, that men may see the great all knowing God.
The Stars slink off like thieves, in company with Night,
Before the All-Seeing Eye, whose beams reveal his presence,
Gleaming like brilliant flames, to nation after nation.”
In the religions of India the eye is of high importance and 
prominence.  Suva; one of the most important of the Gods of India, is 
pictured with three eyes, one more brilliant than the other two.  
Drawings are for sale in the market places of Benares and other 
Indian cities which visiting Masons often think are Masonic, merely 
because they portray the All-Seeing Eye.  Indian religious devotees 
consider the peacock a sacred bird because of the resemblance of the 
feathers to an eye.
As a symbol of Deity the eye is a natural hieroglyph.  
The connotation of sleeplessness, vision, knowledge is easily grasped 
by even a child-like intellect.  But it is also, and for the same 
reason, a symbol of the sun; indeed, sun worship antedated almost 
all, if not all, other forms of worship.
The sun was worshipped by too many peoples in too many lands and ages 
to attempt to catalog here.  Shamash was sun God to Assyrians, 
Merodach to the Chaldees, Ormuzd to the Persians, Ra to the 
Egyptians, Tezzatlipoca to the Mexicans, Helios to the Greeks and Sol 
to the Romans to mention only a few.
The sun is the source of a hundred myths; familiar is that of Helios, 
who drove his chariot daily across the sky.  The Scandinavian God 
Sunna was in constant dread of being devoured by the wolf Fenris 
(symbol of the eclipse); Phaeton was the son of Phoebus, the sun, and 
stole his fathers chariot to drive across the heavens.  Unable to 
control the fiery steeds, he came to near the earth and parched Libya 
into a land of barren sands, blackening the inhabitants of Africa and 
so heating that continent that it never recovered normal temperature!  
Had not Zeus transfixed him with a thunderbolt, he would have 
destroyed the world.
Modern poets and ancient have sung of the sun as thee eye of day; we 
recall:
“The night has a thousand eyes And the day but one
But the light of the whole world dies When the day is done.”
Diogenes Laeritus thought of the sun as an incorruptible heavenly 
being when he wrote:
“The sun, too shines into cesspools and is not polluted.”
Dryden translated Ovid to read:
“The glorious lamp of heaven, The radiant sun, Is nature’s eye.”
Hear Milton:
“Thou sun!  Of this great world both eye and soul!”
Freemasonry does not make of the eye a symbol of the sun.  Her All-
Seeing Eye is one emblem, her sun another, each with a distinct 
meaning.  One of the Lesser Lights represents the sun; the sun shines 
out from between the legs of the compasses, open sixty degrees on a 
quadrant, in the Past Master’s Jewel, all symbolic of the Masonic 
light which must come from the East from which comes all truth.
It has been written:  “The sun is the symbol of sovereignty, the 
hieroglyphic of royalty, it doth signify absolute authority,:  By 
analogy, if the lodge is the symbol of the world, then the Master, 
who controls the time of opening and closing, may well have one of 
the Lesser Lights as his symbol.  Mackey goes further to say that the 
Master is “himself” a symbol of the rising sun , the Junior Warden of 
the sun at meridian, and the Senior Warden of the setting sun, just 
as the Mysteries of India the three chief priests symbolize Bramha, 
the rising sun, Siva, the meridian, and Vishnu the setting sun.
In the Orphic mysteries the sun was thought to generate, as from an 
egg, and come forth with power to triplicate himself; triple power 
(such as is found in a Lodge under a Master, Senior and Junior 
Warden) is an idea as old as mythology, as may be seen in the trident 
of Neptune, the three-forked lightning of Jove, the three-headed 
Cerebus of Pluto.
See how fitly the sun, as a symbol of authority, the sun, as man’s 
earliest deity, and the sun, as origin of the eye as a symbol of God, 
can be united.  In his “Symbolic Language” Wemyss wrote:
“The sun may be considered to be an emblem of Divine truth because 
the sun, or the light of which it is the source, is not only manifest 
in itself, but makes other things manifest; so one truth detects, 
reveals and manifests another, as all truths are dependent on and 
connected with each other, more or less.”
So does the Master make Masonic truth manifest to the brethren; so 
does the Great Architect manifest His Divine truth to all men.
If it is further necessary to show a connection between eye and sun, 
sun and God, and thus eye and God; refer again to the passage from 
Webb, which couples the All-Seeing Eye with the sun, moon and stars.
Sufficient has been said to make it evident that the All-Seeing Eye 
is not a modern symbol, or one lightly to be regarded or passed over 
in silence, merely because modern ritual makes comparatively little 
of it.  Alas, many brethren are so ill-instructed in the ancient 
Craft that it is a matter of some wonder to them why officer’s 
aprons, when decorated with emblems so often have the All-Seeing Eye 
upon the flap; why that pregnant symbol is so frequently engraved 
upon working tools, or the square and compasses which lie upon the 
Altar.
Throughout the Craft emphasis is put upon the number three; three 
Light (greater and lesser); three steps on the Master’s carpet; three 
steps at the beginning of the Winding Stairs; three principal 
officers; three degrees; three due guards; etc. ,etc.  The number 
three is but another way of expressing the idea of a triangle, one of 
man’s earliest, if not the earliest symbol for Deity, inasmuch as it 
is the simplest closed figure (signifying endlessness) which can be 
formed with straight lines.
The emphasis upon three, then, is Freemasonry’s symbol of omneity of 
Deity - His being without beginning or ending.
The letter “G” as a symbol of Deity particularly speaks of the 
reverence we owe to the supreme architect; His omniglory.
Lodges are opened and closed with prayer, symbol of the loving 
omnipresence of the Great Architect; Freemasons believe that where 
two or three are gathered together in His name. there His is also, in 
the midst of them.
On our Altar lies His Holy Book, rule and guide of our faith, symbol  
of His Omnipotence, since in it are the prophecies and histories of 
the powers of the Most High.
The All-Seeing Eye is significant of His Omniscience; that the 
Supreme Architect sees all and knows all, even the hidden secrets of 
the human heart.
Here, indeed. is the kernel of the nut, the inner meaning of the 
symbol which has come down to us from so many diverse ages, so many 
religions, which has been interwoven with sun and pagan gods and 
myths, nature religion and many kinds of worship, which was old when 
Egypt was young and ancient when India was new.
The All-Seeing Eye is to Freemasons the cherished symbol not only of 
the power but of the mercy of God - since, as has been beautifully 
said to comfort us who cannot always do as we know we should, or even 
as we want - “to see all is to know all; to know all is to understand 
all; to understand all is to forgive all.”
Therefore the thinking Freemason has reverence for this symbol.  He 
treats it not as one of many; rather as among those to be held in 
tenderest thought and most precious memory.  The Sword pointing to 
the Naked Heart may thunder of justice, but the All-Seeing Eye 
whispers of justice tempered with complete understanding, which is 
man’s most lovely conception of Him who judges erring men.


