SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.V    June, 1927   No.6

SO MOTE IT BE

by: Unknown

How familiar the phrase is.  No Lodge is ever opened or closed, in 
due form, without using it.  Yet how few know how old it is, much 
less what a deep meaning it has in it.  Like so many old and lovely 
things, it is so near to us that we do not see it.

As far back as we can go in the annals of the Craft we find this old 
phrase.  Its form betrays its age.  The word MOTE is an Anglo-Saxon 
word, derived from an anomalous verb, MOTAN.  Chaucer uses the exact 
phrase in the same sense in which we use it, meaning "So May It Be."  
It is found in the Regius Poem, the oldest document of the Craft, 
just as we use it today.

As everyone knows, it is the Masonic form of the ancient AMEN which 
echoes through the ages, gathering meaning and music as it goes until 
it is one of the richest and most haunting of words.  At first only a 
sign of assent, on the part either of an individual or of an 
assembly, to words of prayer or praise, it has become to stand as a 
sentinel at the gateway of silence.

When we have uttered all that we can utter, and our poor words seem 
like ripples on the bosom of the unspoken, somehow this familiar 
phrase gathers up all that is left - our dumb yearnings, our deepest 
longings - and bears them aloft to One who understands.  In some 
strange way it seems to speak for us into the very ear of God the 
things for which words were never made.

So, naturally, it has a place of honor among us.  At the marriage 
Altar it speaks its blessing as young love walks toward the bliss or 
sorrow of hidden years.  It stands beside the cradle when we dedicate 
our little ones to the Holy life, mingling its benediction with our 
vows.  At the grave side it utters its sad response to the shadowy 
AMEN which death pronounces over our friends.

When, in our turn, we see the end of the road, and would make a last 
will and testament, leaving our earnings and savings to those whom we 
love, the old legal phrase asks us to repeat after it: "In The Name 
Of God, AMEN."  And with us, as with Gerontius in his Dream, the last 
word we hear when the voices of earth grow faint and the silence of 
God covers us, is the old AMEN, So Mote It Be.

How impressively it echoes through the Book of Holy Law.  We hear it 
in the Psalms, as chorus answers to chorus, where it is sometimes 
reduplicated for emphasis.  In the talks of Jesus with his friends it 
has a striking use, hidden in the English version.  The oft-repeated 
phrase, "Verily, Verily I Say Unto You," if rightly translated means, 
AMEN, AMEN, I say unto you."  Later, in the Epistles of Paul, the 
word AMEN becomes the name of Christ, who is the AMEN of God to the 
faith of man.

So, too, in the Lodge, at opening, at closing, and in the hour of 
initiation.  No Mason ever enters upon any great or important 
undertaking without invoking the aid of Deity.  And he ends his 
prayer with the old phrase, "So Mote It Be."  Which is another way of 
saying: "The Will Of God Be Done."  Or, whatever be the answer of God 
to his prayer: "So Be It - because it is wise and right.

What, then, is the meaning of this old phrase, so interwoven with all 
our Masonic lore, simple, tender, haunting?  It has two meanings for 
us everywhere, in the Church, or in the Lodge.  First, it is assent 
of man to the way and Will Of God; assent to His Commands; assent to 
His Providence, even when a tender, terrible stroke of death takes 
from us one much loved and leaves us forlorn.

Still, somehow, we must say:" So it is; so be it.  He is a wise man, 
a brave man; who, baffled by the woes of life, when disaster follows 
fast and follows faster, can nevertheless accept his lot as a part of 
the Will of God and say, though it may almost choke him to say it: 
"So Mote It Be."  It is not blind submission, nor dumb resignation, 
but a wise reconciliation to the Will of the Eternal.

The other meaning of the phrase is even more wonderful; it is the 
assent of God to the aspiration of man.  Man can bear so much - 
anything, perhaps - if he feels that God knows, cares and feels for 
him and with him.  If God says Amen, So it is, to our faith and hope 
and love; it links our perplexed meanings, and helps us to see, 
however dimly, or in a glass darkly, that there is a wise and good 
purpose in life, despite its sorrow and suffering, and that we are 
not at the mercy of Fate or the whim of Chance.

Does God speak to man, confirming his faith and hope?  
If so, how?  Indeed yes!  God is not the great I Was, but the great I 
Am, and He is neither deaf nor dumb.  In Him we live and move and 
have our being - He Speaks to us in nature, in the moral law, and in 
our own hearts, if we have ears to hear.  But He speaks most clearly 
in the Book of Holy Law which lies open upon our Alter.

Nor is that all.  Some of us hold that the Word Of God "Became Flesh 
and Dwelt Among Us, Full Of Grace and Truth," in a life the loveliest 
ever lived among men, showing us what life is, what it means, and to 
what fine issues it ascends when we do the Will of God on earth as it 
is done in Heaven,  No one of us but grows wistful when he thinks of 
the life of Jesus, however far we fall below it.

Today men are asking the question: Does it do any good to pray?  The 
man who actually prays does not ask such a question.  As well ask if 
it does a bird any good to sing, or a flower to bloom?  Prayer is 
natural and instinctive in man.  We are made so.  Man is made for 
prayer, as sparks ascending seek the sun.  He would not need 
religious faith if the objects of it did not exist.

Are prayers ever answered?  Yes, always, as Emerson taught us long 
ago.  Who rises from prayer a better man, his prayer is answered - 
and that is as far as we need to go.  The deepest desire, the ruling 
motive of a man, is his actual prayer, and it shapes his life after 
its form and color.  In this sense all prayer is answered, and that 
is why we ought to be careful what we pray for - because in the end 
we always get it.

What, then is the good of prayer?  It makes us repose on the unknown 
with hope; it makes us ready for life.  It is a recognition of laws 
and the thread of our conjunction with them.  It is not the purpose 
of prayer to beg or make God do what we want done.  Its purpose is to 
bring us to do the Will of God, which is greater and wiser than our 
will.  It is not to use God, but to be used by Him in the service of 
His plan.

Can man by prayer change the Will of God?  No, and Yes. 
True prayer does not wish or seek to change the larger Will of God, 
which involves in its sweep and scope the duty and destiny of 
humanity.  But it can and does change the Will of God concerning us, 
because it changes our will and attitude towards Him, which is the 
vital thing in prayer for us.

For example, if a man living a wicked life, we know what the Will of 
God will be for him.  All evil ways have been often tried, and we 
know what the end is, just as we know the answer to a problem in 
geometry.  But if a man who is living wickedly changes his way of 
living and his inner attitude, he changes the Will of God - if not 
His Will, at least His Intention.  That is, he attains what even the 
Divine Will could not give him and do for him unless it had been 
effected by His Will and Prayer.

The place of Prayer in Masonry is not perfunctory.  It is not a mere 
matter of form and rote.  It is vital and profound.  As a man enters 
the Lodge as an initiate, prayer is offered for him, to God, in whom 
he puts his trust.  Later, in a crisis of his initiation, he must 
pray for himself, orally or mentally as his heart may elect.  It is 
not just a ceremony; it is basic in the faith and spirit of Masonry.
Still later, in a scene which no Mason ever forgets, when the shadow 
is darkest, and the most precious thing a Mason can desire or seek 
seems lost, in the perplexity and despair of the Lodge, a prayer is 
offered. As recorded in our Monitors, it is a mosaic of Bible words, 
in which the grim facts of life and death are set forth in stark 
reality, and appeal is made to the pity and light of God.

It is truly a great prayer, to join in which is to place ourselves in 
the very hands of God, as all must do in the end, trust His Will and 
way, following where no path is into the soft and fascinating 
darkness which men call death.  And the response of the Lodge to that 
prayer, as to all others offered at its Altar, is the old, 
challenging phrase, "So Mote It Be!"

Brother, do not be ashamed to pray, as you are taught in the Lodge 
and the Church.  It is a part of the sweetness and sanity of life, 
refreshing the soul and making clear the mind.  There is more wisdom 
in a whispered prayer than in all the libraries of the world.  It is 
not our business to instruct God.  He knows what things we have need 
for before we ask him.  He does not need our prayer, but we do - if 
only to make us acquainted with the best Friend we have.

The greatest of all teachers of the soul left us a little liturgy 
called the Lord's Prayer.  He told us to use it each for himself, in 
the closet when the door is shut and the din and hum and litter of 
the world is outside.  Try it Brother; it will sweeten life, make its 
load lighter, its joy brighter, and the way of duty plainer.

Two tiny prayers have floated down to us from ages agone, which are 
worth remembering; one by a great Saint, the other by two brothers.  
"Grant Me, Lord, ardently to desire, wisely to study, rightly to 
understand and perfectly to fulfill that which pleaseth Thee."  And 
the second is after the manner: "May two brothers enjoy and serve 
Thee together, and so live today that we may be worthy to live 
tomorrow."

 "SO MOTE IT BE" 

