SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.III     July, 1925      No.7

THE GUNS OF 75

by: Unknown

One hundred and fifty years ago! (from 1925) The Battle of Lexington 
was fought on April 19,1775; the Battle of Bunker Hill on June 17.  
What emotions, what echoes, what old historic memories stir in our 
hearts as we remember those days and dates.  When Lafayette held in 
his hand the musket which fired the first shot of the American 
Revolution, he exclaimed: "This is the alarm gun of liberty!"
To England the war was an episode; to is it is an epic.  

Time does not tarnish those events, nor distance dim the glory of 
days that tried the stuff of which men are made.  All that America 
means, all that it has become, had its beginning at Lexington and 
Bunker Hill.  It meant a new nation, built upon a new basis, with a 
new relation of Church and State, a new opportunity for mankind - the 
opening of a new era.

An oft-told story, taught us from our earliest years, it throbs like 
a drum-beat in our blood, like the echo of the foot-steps of God in 
time.  Emerson said truly that the farmers who stood at Concord 
Bridge fired "A Shot Heard Round The World."  Its flash divided the 
records of man into before and after, and its echoes will never die 
while men love liberty and value the rights of man.  It was the first 
act in a drama of history, but, somehow, it reads like a record of 
our Family Bible. 

For history, in its great meaning, is more than a series of events.  
It is an unfolding of ideas, the fulfillment of a Divine purpose in 
time.  Events do not stand alone.  They are linked together by a 
thread of cause and effect, a law of seedtime and harvest.  What went 
before explains what followed after.  If we are to know the meaning 
of the events we remember today, we must go back of the immediate 
inciting causes to the facts and forces that lay behind.  History is 
philosophy teaching by example; it is theology acted out.
Our sturdy forefathers who emigrated first to Holland, and then to 
America, bore with them the seeds of liberty. Those seeds nourished 
by the wise tolerance of the Dutch, they planted in the fresh soil of 
the New World.  They sought the New World in search of liberty of 
conscience and freedom of worship.  Let us never forget that our 
independence was first religious, then political.  Our democracy had 
a spiritual foundation, our republic a sacred origin.  Having 
breathed the air of religious liberty, by a sure logic our fathers 
finally demanded the same liberty in political affairs.  They would 
gladly help pay debts incurred partly in their behalf; but they 
refused to be taxed to that end, unless they were allowed to have a 
voice in shaping the policy of state.  It was the old, high British 
ideal, forgotten by the motherland and defended by its sons.

The reigning King did not understand the Colonists.  They were a long 
distance from the homeland, and no longer under the mystic spell 
which waits upon royalty.  But they were loyal and law-abiding.  As 
Franklin said, they were ruled "At the Sole Expense of Pen and Ink;" 
but they could not be coerced.  One  irritating act after another 
provoked anger, and, at last, alienation, until men in America began 
to hate the land which formerly they had loved.  The Boston Tea 
Party, planned in old St. Andrew's Lodge, and carried out by Masons 
masked as Mohawk Indian, was the last straw.  the tension tightened, 
until finally the tie of allegiance was broken and resentment flamed 
into revolt. 

Early in 1775, news arrived that Parliament, in spite of the 
pleadings of Pitt, Burke, and Fox; had rejected the petition of the 
first Continental Congress, declaring that "Rebellion Existed in 
America."  It did, though it might have been averted, like nearly 
every war in history.  On the night of April 18, troops were sent by 
General Gage to seize the powder stored by the Sons of Liberty at 
Concord, and to arrest as "Traitors" John Hancock and Samuel Adams, 
who had taken refuge with Parson James Clark at Lexington.  They set 
out secretly, as they thought, not knowing how alert and watchful the 
patriots were, and how well organized.

Lanterns hung out in the tower of the old North Church flashed the 
signal far and wide, and Paul Revere and William Dawes rode through 
the night ahead of the troops led by Major Pitcairn, rousing the 
people and giving the alarm.  When the British column reached 
Lexington they found a little company of" Minute-Men" drawn up on the 
village green, under command of Captain Parker, who had given the 
order: "Stand Your Ground, Don't Fire Unless Fired Upon.  But If They 
Mean To Have War, Let it Start Here."  Major Pitcairn ordered the 
"Rebels" to disperse, and they refused to move.  A shot was fired, 
apparently without his order, then a volley, and a number of minute 
men were killed and wounded.  With a shout the British marched off to 
Concord, took what military stores they found, rifled some houses, 
and encountered a company of farmers.

Again the Colonists, under Major Butrick and Captain Davis, were 
ordered not to fire unless fired upon.  In double file they crossed 
the bridge and waited, the young fifers playing the "White Cockade."  
When within a few yards of the bridge, a shot fired by the British 
wounded one of their number, a volley followed and two were killed.  
Then the minute men were ordered to fire - the first fired gun of the 
American Revolution - and the British began to retreat.  As Emerson 
said in his Concord Hymn, April 19, 1836:

By the rude bridge that arched the flood,
Their flag to April breeze unfurled,
Here once the embattled farmers stood,
And fired the shot heard 'round the world.

By this time the whole countryside was aflame with anger and 
excitement.  Men and boys came running, singly and in bands, and from 
behind hedges, trees, and stone walls along the road to Boston; 
pouring shot into the retreating British ranks, following them all 
the way until they were safe under the protection of their guns.  

Thus, without previous design, the war began, destined to change the 
history of the world.  Small events, born of human blunder, become 
great by virtue of the idea and influences back of them, and initiate 
vast movements.  The fight on the village green and by the bridge was 
hardly more than a skirmish, but it used by a Power other than human 
to institute the greatest republic on earth.

The battle of Lexington shut the British up in Boston, then almost an 
island linked with the mainland by a narrow strip of sand beach.  To 
the north lay the peninsula of Charlestown, on which were two hills, 
Breed's Hill and Bunker Hill.  To the south Dorchester Heights 
overlooked the city.  The American Army grew rapidly, as men flocked 
in from all directions - ill-prepared in all save courage.  On June 
17 they began busily to fortify Bunker Hill, and the British 
attacked.  Twice the Redcoats stormed up the hill only to be turned 
back.  When they made their third desperate charge they won, because 
the Americans had used all the powder they had, and were forced to 
flee, leaving Warren, Grand Master of Masons, dead on the hill.  Lack 
of preparedness lost the battle - a lesson never to be forgotten by 
those who are wise!

Yes. it is an old story, my brethren, as familiar to us as the 
alphabet; but it is a story that makes our hearts beat fast, in which 
our gentle Craft had an honorable part of which we have a right to be 
proud.  It is the simple truth to say that our ancient Fraternity - 
faithful, wise and heroic - presided in the birth-hour of our 
Republic, as it guards its sanctity today.  There are those who would 
belittle its influence, but the facts stand.  It was not an accident 
that Washington and most of his Generals were members of the Craft.  
The story of the War of the Revolution might have been very different 
had not its leaders been bound together by the tie which Masonry 
knows how to weave between men, making them brothers.

What followed we know as we know our family history.  The genius of 
Washington, the dark days of Valley forge, the crossing of the 
Delaware, the coming of Lafayette, the final scene at Yorktown, the 
Constitution, the far-flung Republic - it is a story and a tradition 
bequeathed to us in the mystic continuities of inheritance.  America 
was born - the last great hope of humanity - created by the Will of 
God and heroism of man, dedicated to the service of peace on earth 
and good will to men.  As in its origin, so in its history, our 
Republic is a Fraternal symposium, in which many races are being 
built together into one community - an enterprise the full meaning of 
which we do not yet realize.

If we celebrate our beginnings at Lexington, Bunker Hill and 
Yorktown, we do so with no ill will toward the motherland against 
which our fathers fought, wresting their liberties from an obstinate 
King and a truckling Parliament.  Since then, in the greatest of all 
wars, Americans have fought side by side with Britons in an hour of 
common peril and high resolve, for the same principle for which our 
fathers fired "The Shot Heard Round The World!"  The old feud long 
since gave place to friendship, to deepen and maintain that which is 
the first duty of thoughtful men on both sides of the sea.

Yet, we do affirm the uniqueness of America, and we are bound by ties 
of blood, history and Fraternity to keep our Republic true to its 
high tradition of liberty under law.  Today, remembering the brave 
days of old, when men poured out their blood that their sons might be 
free, we give thanks to God for our country, reverently invoking His 
Blessing upon its many races united in brotherhood, upon its 
unconstrained religious life, upon its passion for education, its 
cities shining in the sunlight. its countless homes, its pacific 
spirit, and its promise of a future greater than its past.

