SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.VIII   August, 1930   No.8

CORN, WINE AND OIL

by: Unknown

The wages which our ancient brethren received for their labors in the 
building of King Solomon’s Temple are paid no more.  In the lodge we 
use them as symbols, save in the dedication, constitution and 
consecration of a new lodge and in the laying of cornerstones, when 
once again the fruit of the land, the brew of the grape and the 
essence of the olive are poured to launch a new unit of brotherhood 
into the fellowship of lodges; or to begin a new structure dedicated 
to the public use.	
Corn, wine and oil have been associated together from the earliest 
times.  In Deuteronomy the “nation of fierce countenance” which is to 
destroy the people “shall not leave thee either corn, wine or oil.”  
In II Chronicles we read “the children of Israel brought in abundance 
the first fruits of corn, wine and oil -.”Nehemiah tells of “a great 
chamber where aforetime they laid the meat offerings, the 
frankincense and the vessels, and the tithes of the corn, the new 
wine and the oil - “ and later “then brought all Judah the tithe of 
the corn, the new wine and the oil into the treasures.”
There are other references in the Great Light to these particular 
forms of taxes, money and tithes for religious purposes; wealth and 
refreshment.  In ancient days the grapes in the vineyard and olives 
in the grove and the grain of the field were not only wealth but the 
measure of trade; so many skins of wine, so many cruses of oil, so 
many bushels of corn were to them as are dollars and cents today.  
Thus our ancient brethren received wages in corn, wine and oil as a 
practical matter; they were paid for their labors in the coin of the 
realm.
The oil pressed from the olive was as important to the Jews in 
Palestine as butter and other fats are among occidentals.  Because it 
was so necessary, and hence so valuable, it became an important part 
of sacrificial rites.  There is no point in the sacrifice which is 
only a form.  To be effective it must offer before the Altar 
something of value; something the giving of which will testify to the 
love and veneration in which the sacrificer holds the Most High.
Oil was also used not only as a food but for lighting purposes; more 
within the house than in the open air, where torches were more 
effective.  Oil was also an article of the bath; mixed with perfume 
it was used in the ceremonies of anointment, and in preparation for 
ceremonial appearances.  The “Precious ointment upon the head, which 
ran down upon the beard, even Aaron’s beard, that went down to the 
skirts of his garment;” as the quotation has it in our entered 
Apprentice Degree, (and Nevada’s Master Mason opening and closing) 
was doubtless made of olive oil, suitably mixed with such perfumes 
and spices as myrrh, cinnamon, galbanum and frankincense.  Probably 
oil was also used as a surgical dressing; nomadic peoples, subject to 
injuries, could hardly avoid knowledge of the value of soothing oil.
With so many uses for oil, its production naturally was stimulated.  
Not only was the production of the olive grove a matter of wealth, 
but the nourishing and processing of the oil gave employment to many.  
Oil was obtained from the olive both by pressing - probably by a 
stone wheel revolving in or on a larger stone, mill or mortar - and 
also by a gentle pounding.  This hand process produced a finer 
quality of oil.  “And thou shalt command the children of Israel that 
they bring pure olive oil beaten for the light, to cause the lamp to 
burn always.”  (Exodus, 27-20.)
The corn of the Bible is not the corn we know today.  
In many, if not the majority of the uses of the word, a more 
understandable translation would be simply “grain.”  The principal 
grains of the Old Testament days were barley and wheat; corn 
represents not only both of these, but all the grains which the Jews 
cultivated.  Our modern corn, cultivated and cross-bred was, of 
course, unknown to the ancients, although it might be going too far 
to say they had no grain similar to the Indian maize from which our 
great corn crop has grown.
An ear of grain has been an emblem of plenty since the mists of 
antiquity which shroud the beginnings of mythology.  Ceres, goddess 
of abundance, survives today in our cereals.  The Greeks call her 
Demeter, a corruption of Gemeter, our mother earth.  She wore a 
garland of grain and carried ears of grain in her hand.
The Hebrew Shibboleth means both an ear of corn and a flood of water.  
Both are symbols of abundance, plenty and wealth.  American Masonic 
use of a sheaf of wheat in place of an ear of wheat - or any other 
grain such as corn - seems rather without point or authority.  As for 
the substitution occasionally heard, of “water ford” for “water 
fall,” we can only blame the corrupting influence of time and the 
ignorance of those who have permitted it, since a water “Ford” 
signifies a paucity, the absence of water, while a water “Fall” 
carries out both the translation of the word and the meaning of the 
ear of corn - plenty.
Scarcely less important to our ancient brethren than their corn and 
oil, was the wine.  Vineyards were highly esteemed both as wealth and 
as a comfort - the pleasant shade of the “vine and fig tree” was a 
part of ancient hospitality.  Vineyards on mountain sides or hills 
were most carefully tended and protected against washing away by 
terraces and walls, as even today one may see the hillsides of the 
Rhine.  Thorn hedges kept cattle from helping themselves to the 
grapes.  The vineyardist frequently lived in a watch tower or hut on 
an elevation to keep sharp look-out that neither predatory man nor 
beast took his ripening wealth.
The feast of Booths, in the early fall, when the grapes were ripe, 
was a time of joy and happiness.  “New Wine” - that is, the 
unfermented, just pressed-out juice of the grape - was drunk by all.  
Fermented wine was made by storing the juice of the grape in skins or 
bottles.  Probably most of the early wine of Old Testament days was 
red, but later the white grape must have come into esteem - at least, 
it is the principal grape of production for that portion of the world 
today.
Corn, wine and oil form important and necessary parts of the 
ceremonies of the dedication, consecration and constitution of a new 
lodge.
Lodges were anciently dedicated to King Solomon, but as we all know, 
our modern lodges are dedicated to the Holy Sts. John. “and since 
their time there is represented in every regular and well-governed 
lodge a certain point within a circle, emborderd by two parallel 
perpendicular lines, representing those saints.”
This symbol of the point within the circle is far older than King 
Solomon’s Temple.  The two lines which emborder it, and which we 
consider represent the Saints, were originally representative of the 
summer and winter solstices.  The Holy Sts. John have their “days” so 
closely to the summer and winter solstices - (June 24 and December 27 
are almost coincident to June 21 and December 21) that there can be 
little doubt that both lines and dates represented to our “ancient 
brethren” the highest and lowest points which the sun reached in its 
travels north and south.  They are, most intimately connected with 
the time of fecundity and harvest, the festivals of the first fruits, 
the depths of winter and the beginning of the long climb of the sun 
up from the south towards the days of warmth which that climb 
promised.
Hence corn, wine and oil - the produce of the land - are natural 
accompaniments to the dedication of a lodge which it is hoped will 
prosper, reap in abundance of the first fruits of Masonic cultivation 
and a rich harvest of ripe character from the seeds it plants.
Corn, wine and oil poured upon the symbolic lodge at the ceremony 
which creates it, are essential to “erection” or “consecration.”  All 
lodges are “erected to God and Consecrated to the services of the 
Most High.”  From earliest times consecration has been accompanied by 
sacrifice, a free-will offering of something of real value to those 
who thus worship.  Hence the sacrifice of corn, wine and oil - the 
wealth of the land, the strength of the tribe, the come-fort and 
well-being of the individual - at the consecration of any place of 
worship or service of God. 
Like so much else in our ceremonies, the idea today is wholly 
symbolic.  The Grand Master orders his Deputy (or whatever other 
officer is customary) to pour the Corn, the Senior Grand Warden to 
pour the Wine and the Junior Grand Warden to pour the oil upon the 
“lodge” - usually a covered structure representing the original Ark 
of the Covenant.  The corn is poured as an emblem of nourishment; the 
wine as an emblem of refreshment and the oil as an emblem of joy and 
happiness.
The sacrifice we thus make is not actual, any more than Masonic work 
is physical labor.  The ceremony should mean to those who take part 
in it, to those who form the new lodge, that the symbolic sacrifice 
will be made real by the donation of the necessary time, effort, 
thought and brotherly affection which will truly make the new lodge 
an effective instrument in the hands of the builders.  When the Grand 
Master constitutes the new lodge, he brings it legally into 
existence.  A man and a woman may be married in a civil ceremony of 
consecration.  But as the joining of a man and woman in matrimony is 
by most considered as a sacrament, to be solemnized with the blessing 
of the Most High, so is the creation of a new lodge, but the 
consecration is also its spirit.
In the laying of a corner stone the Grand Master also pours, or 
causes to be poured, the corn, wine and oil, symbolizing health, 
prosperity and peace.  The fruits of the land are poured upon the 
cornerstone to signify that it will form part of a building which 
shall grow, be used for purposes of proper refreshment, and become 
useful and valuable to men.  The ceremonies differ in different 
Jurisdictions - indeed, so do those of the dedication, consecration 
and constitution of a lodge - but the essential idea is the same 
everywhere. regardless of the way in which they are applied in the 
ritualistic ceremonies.
It probably matters very little what varieties of grain, of oil and 
juice of the grape are used in these ceremonies.  The symbolism will 
be the same, since the brethren assembled will not know the actual 
character of the fruits of the earth being used.  The main theme is 
that “Fruits of the Earth” are being used, no matter which fruits 
they are!  To be quite correct though, barley or wheat should be used 
for the corn, olive oil for the oil, and sacramental wine, such as is 
permitted by the Volstead Act (during the days of the prohibition!) 
for religious purposes for the wine.  It may be noted, however, that 
“new wine” or unfermented grape juice was used by the children of 
Israel as a sacrificial wine, the ordinary grape juice in no way 
destroys the symbolism.  Mineral oil, of course is oil, and is a 
“fruit of the earth” in the sense that it comes from the “clay which 
is constantly being employed for man’s use.” The oil of Biblical 
days, however, was wholly vegetable, whether it was the olive oil of 
commerce, or the oil of cedar as was used in burials.
Corn, wine and oil were the wages paid our ancient brethren.  They 
were the “Master’s Wages” of the days of King Solomon.  Masons of 
this day receive no material wages for their labors; the work done in 
a lodge is paid for only in the coin of the heart.  But those wages 
are no less real.  They may sprout as does the grain, strengthen as 
does the wine, nourish as does the oil.  How much we receive and what 
we do with our wages depends entirely on our Masonic work.  A brother 
obtains from his lodge and from his Order only what he puts into it.  
Our ancient brethren were paid for their physical labors.  Whether 
their wages were paid for work performed upon the mountain and in the 
quarries, or whether they received corn, wine and oil because they 
labored in the fields or vineyards, it was true then, and it is true 
now, that only “in the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread.”  To 
receive the equivalent of corn, wine and oil, a brother must labor.  
He must till the fields of his own heart or build the temple of his 
own “house not made with hands.  “He must labor to his neighbor or 
carry stones for his brother’s temple.
If he stands, waits, watches and wonders he will not be able to 
ascend into the Middle Chamber where our ancient brethren received 
their wages.  If he works for the joy of working, does his part in 
his lodge work, takes his place among the laborers of Freemasonry, he 
will receive corn, wine and oil in measures pressed down and running 
over, and know a Fraternal Joy as substantial in fact as it is 
ethereal in quality; as real in his heart as it is intangible to the 
profane of the world.
For all of us then corn, then wine and then oil are symbols of 
sacrifice, of the fruits of labor, of wages earned.  For all of us, 
“SO MOTE IT BE!”


