SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.VII   July, 1929   No.7

LODGE AND GRAND LODGE ORGANIZATION

by:  Unknown

All Master Masons should be familiar with the organization and 
government of the Craft.  Yet, only occasionally is instruction in 
these subjects given to the newly-raised Master Mason.  He is 
required to attain a sufficient proficiency in the esoteric work of 
the preceding degrees, and some Jurisdictions insist upon a 
proficiency in the Master's degree, but information regarding the 
structure of Freemasonry is left to time and chance in far too many 
cases.

To become a Freemason of his own free will and without solicitation, 
a man makes a written application, which is duly endorsed or 
recommended by brethren of the lodge to which he applies.  His 
application is laid before the lodge for acceptance, or rejection.  
If accepted, the Worshipful Master appoints a committee, the duty of 
which is to satisfy itself of the applicant's fitness to be a Mason.  
After a certain period of time (usually a month), the report of the 
committee is read to the lodge, and a ballot taken on the 
application.  A unanimously favorable ballot elects the applicant to 
receive the degrees, or, in some Jurisdictions, just the First 
Degree.  He is initiated into the First or Entered Apprentice Degree, 
attains a suitable proficiency in the esoteric work, waits a month or 
more, is Passed to the Second or Fellowcraft Degree, again attains a 
suitable proficiency in its works, waits another month or so, and 
finally is Raised to the Sublime Degree of Master Mason.

Before any of these steps can be taken, there must be what is called 
in some Jurisdictions a "just, perfect and regular lodge," in others 
a "just and regularly constituted lodge," to which the petitions can 
be made, and in which the degrees may be conferred.

Before such a lodge can come into existence, there must be a Grand 
Lodge, or governing body of all private, the particular, or the 
subordinate lodges (they are called by all three names in different 
places) to give a Warrant of Constitution, or Charter, to certain 
brethren, empowering them to work and to be a Masonic Lodge.
The age-old question which has plagued philosophers; did the first 
hen lay the first egg, or did the first egg hatch into the first hen; 
may seem to apply here, since before there can be a Grand Lodge, 
there must be two or more private lodges to form it!  But this 
Bulletin is written of conditions as they exist in the United States 
today - and indeed, in almost all the civilized world - and not of 
the historical conditions which pertained in 1717 when the four 
lodges in London formed the first grand Lodge!

Today no regularly constituted lodge can come into existence without 
the consent of an existing Grand Lodge.  It is certain that other 
Grand Lodges will be formed in the future, but they probably will not 
be many.  Let us suppose that Commander Byrd should discover a 
habitable continent at the South Pole.  This continent slowly fills 
up with adventurers, travelers and pioneers.  Some of them will be 
Masons. They then ask the consent of some Grand Lodge permission to 
form a lodge - Massachusetts, for instance, has five lodges in China. 
 
Some English Brethren, let us suppose, receive a Charter for a lodge 
in Antarctica from the Mother Grand Lodge of England.  Perhaps the 
Grand Lodge of Texas Charters another lodge in "Byrdland."  After a 
while these lodges unite to form their own Grand Lodge; the Grand 
Lodges which have Chartered them relinquish jurisdiction, and a new 
Grand Lodge is born.  But most civilized countries now do have Grand 
Lodges; the great formative period of Grand Lodges - the Eighteenth 
and Nineteenth  Centuries - is practically over.  Therefore we may 
consider that most of our hens are grown up and laying, and that the 
vast majority of new lodges which are hatched will grow up to be 
chicks of the mother, and not start out to form other Grand Lodges 
for themselves!  It is not contended that no new Grand Lodges will 
ever be formed, but only that less will come into being in the future 
than have in the past.

A Grand Lodge, then, is formed of particular lodges; the Masters, or 
the Masters and Wardens of which, then represent their lodges in the 
meetings of the Grand Lodge.

The private or particular lodge usually comes into being when a 
certain number of brethren, in good standing, will petition a Grand 
Master to form a lodge.  The Grand Master, if it his pleasure, issues 
a Dispensation to these brethren which forms them into a provisional 
lodge, or a lodge "Under dispensation."  The powers of this Lodge 
Under Dispensation are strictly limited; it is not yet a "Regularly 
Constituted Lodge;" but an inchoate sort of organization, a fledgling 
in the nest.  Not until the Grand Lodge has authorized the issuance 
of the Warrant, or Charter, does it begin to assume the status of a 
"regular" lodge, and not even then, until the new lodge is 
consecrated, dedicated and constituted by the Grand Master and his 
officers, or those delegated for the ceremony.  The ceremony, by the 
way, is one which every Master Mason should make an effort to see, if 
possible.  The Charter of the new lodge will name those who are to be 
its first Worshipful Master, Senior and Junior Wardens, who will hold 
office until their successors are duly elected and installed.

The Grand Lodge (consisting of the particular lodges represented by 
their Masters - in most cases also include the Senior and Junior 
Wardens, Past Masters; and Past Officers and Past Grand Masters of 
the Grand Lodge), is the governing body in its Jurisdiction.  In the 
United States, Jurisdictional lines are coincident with the state 
lines; there are currently forty-nine United State Grand Lodges; the 
forty-ninth being that of the District of Columbia.  Each Grand Lodge 
is supreme unto itself; its word is Masonic law within its own 
borders.

Grand Lodges adopt for themselves a Constitution and By-Laws for 
their own government, just as particular lodges adopt by-laws for 
their government.  These documents are the body of law of the Grand 
Jurisdiction, which, however, rest upon the Old Charges and the 
ancient Constitutions (which have descended to us from the first 
Mother Grand Lodge).  

The decisions in mooted questions made by Grand Masters, or the Grand 
Lodge (or both); are usually based on the Ancient Landmarks, Usages 
and Customs of the Fraternity.-."

In the interim between meetings of a Grand Lodge, the Grand Master is 
the Grand Lodge.  His powers are arbitrary, absolute and almost 
unlimited; at least in theory.  Most Grand Lodges provide that the 
acts of the Grand Master may be revised, confirmed or rejected by the 
Grand Lodge in its meetings; which is, of course, a check against any 
too radical moves.  But, as a matter of fact, a brother rarely 
becomes a Grand Master without having served a long and arduous 
apprenticeship.  Almost invariably he has been Master of his own 
lodge, and by years of service and interest in the Grand Lodge has 
demonstrated his ability and fitness to preside over the grand Lodge.  
The real check against arbitrary actions of the Grand Master is more 
in his Masonry than the law, more in his desire to do the right thing 
than in the legal power compelling him to do so.

Private lodge and Grand Lodge officers arrive at their respective 
stations either by election or appointment.  In some lodges, all 
officers in the "line" are elective.  In other lodges, only the 
senior officers (Master, Senior and Junior Wardens, Secretary and 
Treasurer) are elected, all other being appointed by the Master.  The 
same is true of Grand Lodges; for instance, in the District of 
Columbia all officers are elected.  In New Jersey, the Grand Master, 
Deputy Grand Master, Senior Grand and Junior Grand Wardens, Grand 
Secretary, Grand Treasurer are elected; all other Line officers are 
appointed by the Grand Master.

In particular lodges, as a general rule, appointed officers are re-
appointed to one station higher each year; the highest appointed 
officer is then, usually, elected to the lowest elective office.  
This custom is broken, of course, when incumbents are no longer 
available, or when the lodge decides, for any reason, not to re-elect 
an officer.  In the normal course of events, in most lodges, both 
particular and Grand Lodges, election or appointment at the "foot of 
the line" will eventually lead to the highest office, provided the 
officer works, is able, willing and demonstrates that he can fill the 
highest chairs.  It is this system which is depended upon to give 
long experience and years of Masonic knowledge to future Masonic 
leaders.

The term of office for Masters and Grand Masters is one year; in some 
Jurisdictions, by custom and not by law, Grand Masters are elected 
two years in succession and in one he serves three consecutive terms.  
In some Jurisdictions, also, the "line" is not advanced, but Grand 
Masters are elected "from the floor."  Occasionally the Master of a 
particular lodge will be elected  for a second or third, or even 
greater number of years, but generally the "line" proceeds to "move 
up" at the annual elections.

Secretaries and Treasurers generally serve as long as they are 
willing; a lodge which has a good Secretary and Treasurer almost 
invariably re-elects the same incumbents year after year, which is 
also true of Grand Lodges.  These officers, then, become the 
connecting links between different administrations, which makes for 
stability and smooth running, except in those rare instances in which 
a Secretary, from long service, comes to believe that "his" lodge and 
"his" Master should do "his" will, not their own.  When the tail thus 
attempts to wag the dog, the remedy is found in the annual election!
In Grand Lodges, decisions are reached in four ways: 

"by Viva voce" or rising votes, by a showing of hands, votes by 
lodges and/or written ballot.  The method is usually a matter of 
constitutional law; ordinary questions are decided by the least 
cumbersome method; difficult and involved questions by votes of/by 
lodges; elections and matters of grave import, such as expulsions, 
are usually by paper (secret) ballot.

The same holds true of the particular lodge; except of course that it 
cannot "vote by lodges" and that it uses the ball or cube instead of 
the paper ballot.

In the absence of a Master, the senior Warden presides sand has, for 
the time being, the powers and duties of the Master; in his absence, 
the same devolves upon the Junior Warden.  Should all three be absent 
the lodge (1) either cannot be opened at all, or (2) can be opened by 
a Past Master, or (3) only by the Grand Master, or his Deputy acting 
in his stead.  Which of these three depends upon local law in the 
particular Grand Jurisdiction.

In these few pages, only the broad outlines of the organization of 
Lodges and Grand Lodges can be given.  But enough has been written to 
indicate that the simple skeleton of the Fraternity has a complicated 
and involved body of law and procedure, that there is much to know, 
and much, therefore, which the individual Mason should make it his 
business to study.

In these words we point out the way, and indicate the extent to which 
his inquiring mind should reach, and if followed they will have been 
written to a good purpose.


