SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.VII   April, 1929   No.4

ACACIA LEAVES AND EASTER LILIES

by:  Unknown

April brings us to Easter Day - the festival of Memory and Hope.  
That a day in spring should be set apart in praise of the victory of 
Life is in accord with the fitness of things, as if the seasons of 
the soul were akin to the season of the year.  It unites faith with 
life; it links the fresh buds of spring with the ancient pieties of 
the heart.  It finds in Nature, with its rhythm of winter and summer, 
a ritual of hope and joy.

So run the records of all times.  Older than our era, Easter has been 
a day of feast and song in all lands and among all peoples.  By a 
certain instinct man has found in the seasons a symbol of his faith, 
the blossoming of his spirit attuned to the wonder of the awakening 
of the earth from the white death of winter.  A deep chord in him 
answers to the ever-renewed resurrection of Nature, and that instinct 
is more to be trusted than all philosophy.  For in Nature there is no 
death, but only living and living again.

Something in the stir of spring, in the reviving earth, in the tide 
of life overflowing the world, in the rebirth of the flowers, begets 
an unconscious, involuntary renewal of faith in the heart of man, 
refreshing his hope.  So he looks into the face of each new spring 
with a heart strangely glad, and strangely sad too, touched by tender 
memories of springs gone by never to return, softened by thoughts of 
"those who answer not, however we may call."
	
Truly, it is a day of Hope and Courage in the heart of man.  Hope and 
Courage we have for the affairs of daily life; but here is a Hope 
that leaps beyond the borders of the world, and a Courage that faces 
eternity.  For that Easter stands, in its history, its music, its 
returning miracle of spring - for the putting off of the tyranny of 
time, the terror of the grave, and the triumph of the flesh, and the 
putting on of immortality.  Men can work with a brave heart and 
endure many ills if he feels that the good he strives for here, and 
never quite attains, will be won elsewhere.

There is something heroic, something magnificent in the refusal of a 
man to let death have the last word.  Time out of mind, as far back 
as we can trace human thought - in sign or symbol - man has refused 
to think of the grave as the coffin lid of a dull and mindless world 
descending upon him at last.  It was so in Egypt five thousand years 
ago, and is so today.  At the gates of the tomb he defies the Shadow 
he cannot escape, and asserts the worth of his soul and its high 
destiny.  Surely this mighty faith is its own best proof and 
prophecy, since man is a part of Nature, and what is deepest in him 
is what nature has taught him to hope.

For some of us Easter has other meanings than those dug up from the 
folklore of olden time.  Think how you will of the lovely and heroic 
figure of Jesus, it is none the less His day, dedicated to the pathos 
of His Passion and the wonder of His Personality.  For some of us His 
Life of Love is the one everlasting romance in this hard old world, 
and its ineffable tenderness seems to blend naturally with the thrill 
of springtime, when the finger of God is pointing to the new birth of 
the earth.  No Brother will deny us the joy of weaving Easter lilies 
with Acacia leaves, in celebration of a common hope.

The legend of Hiram and the life of Jesus tell us the same truth; one 
in fiction and the other in fact.  Both tragedies are alike 
profoundly simple, complete and heartbreaking - each a symbol not 
only of the victory of man over death, but of his triumph over the 
stupidity and horror of evil in himself and in the world.  In all the 
old mythologies, the winter comes because the ruffian forces of the 
world strike down and slay the gentle spirit of summer; and this dark 
tragedy is reflected in the life of man - making a mystery no mortal 
can solve, save as he sees it with courage and hope.

Jesus was put to death between two thieves outside the city gate.  
The Master Builder was stricken down in the hour of His Glory, His 
Prayer choked in His Own Blood.  Lincoln was shot on Good Friday, 
just as the temple of Unity and Liberty was about to be dedicated.  
Each was the victim of sinister, cunning, brutal, evil force - here 
is the tragedy of our race, repeated in every age and land, as 
appalling as it is universal, and no man can fathom its mystery.

Yet, strangely enough, the very shadow which seems to destroy faith, 
and make it seem futile and pitiful, is the fact which created the 
high, heroic faith of humanity, and keeps it alive.  Love, crucified 
by Hate; high character slain by low cunning!  Death victorious over 
life - man refuses to accept that as the final meaning of the world.  
He demands justice in the name of God and his own soul.  The Master 
Builder is betrayed and slain; his enemies are put to death - that 
satisfies the sense of justice.  Jesus dies with a prayer of 
forgiveness on His lips; Judas makes away with himself - and the hurt 
is partly healed.

But is that all?  On the mount of Crucificiton, by the outworking of 
events, goodness and wickedness met the same muddy fate - is that the 
meaning of the world?  The Master Builder and his slayers are alike 
buried - is that the end?  Are we to think that Jesus and Judas sleep 
in the same dust, all values erased, all issues settled in the great 
silence?  In the name of reason it cannot be true, else chaos were 
the crown of cosmos, and mud more mighty than mind!

When man, by his insight and affirmation of his soul, holds it true, 
despite all seeming contradiction, that virtue is victorious over 
brutal evil, and Life is Lord of Death, and that the soul is as 
eternal as the moral order in which it lives, the heart of the race 
has found the truth.  Argument is unnecessary; the great soul of the 
world we call God is just.  Here is the basis of all religion and the 
background of all philosophy.  From the verdict of the senses and the 
logic of the mind, man appeals to the justice of God, and finds 
peace.

Thou wilt not leave us in the dust;
Thou maddest man, he knows not why, He thinks he was not made to 
die;
And thou has made him; Thou art just.

With what overwhelming impressiveness this faith is set forth in the 
greatest Degree of Freemasonry, the full meaning and depth of which 
we have not yet begun to fathom, much less realize.  Edwin Booth was 
right when he said that the Third degree of Masonry is the 
profoundest, the simplest, the most heart-gripping tragedy known 
among men.  Where else are all the elements of tragedy more perfectly 
blended in a scene which shakes the heart and makes it stand still?  
It is pathetic,  It is confounding.  Everything seems shattered and 
lost.  Yet, somehow, we are not dismayed by it, because we are made 
to feel that there is a Beyond - the victim is rather set free from 
life than deprived of it.

Without faith in the future, where the tangled tragedies of this 
world are made straight, and its weary woe is healed, despair would 
be our fate.  By this faith men live and endure in spite of ills.  
Its roots go deeper than argument, deeper than dogma, deeper than 
reason, as deep as infancy and old age, as deep as love and faith - 
older than history - that the power which weaves in silence, robes of 
white for the lilies or red for the rose, will the much more clothe 
our spirits with a moral beauty that shall never fade. 

But there is a still deeper meaning in the Third Degree of Masonry, 
if we have eyes to see and ears to hear.  It is not explained in the 
lectures; it is hardly hinted at in the lodge.  Yet it is as clear as 
day, if we have insight.  The Degree ends not in a memorial, but in 
the manifestation of the Eternal Life.  Raised from the dead level to 
a living perpendicular by the strong grip of faith, the Master 
Builder lives by the power of an endless life.  That is to say, 
Masonry symbolically initiates us into Eternal Life here and now, 
makes us citizens of eternity in time and bids us live and act 
accordingly.  Here is the deepest secret Masonry has to teach - that 
we are immortal here and now; that death is nothing to the soul; that 
eternity is today.

When shall we become that which we are?  When shall we, who are sons 
of the Most High, born of His Love and Power, made in His Image, and 
endowed with His Deathless Life, discover who we are, whence we came, 
and whither we tend, and live a free, joyous, triumphant life which 
belongs of right to immortal spirits!  Give a man an hour to live, 
and you put him in a cage.  Extend it to a day, and he is freer.  
Give him a year, and he moves in larger orbit and makes his plans.  
Let him know that he is a citizen of an eternal world, and he is free 
indeed, a master of life and time and death - a Master Mason.

Thus Acacia leaves and Easter lilies unite to give us the hint, if 
not the key to a higher heroism and cheer, even "the glory of going 
on and still to be;" a glory which puts new meaning and value into 
these our days and years - so brief at their longest, so broken at 
their best, their achievements so transient, and so quickly 
forgotten.  Sorrows come, and heartache, and loneliness unutterable, 
when those we love fall into the great white sleep; but the sprig of 
Acacia will grow in our hearts, if we cultivate it, watering it the 
while with our tears, and at last it will be not a symbol but a 
sacrament in the house of our pilgrimage.

What to you is Shadow, 
to Him is Day, 
And the end He Knoweth;
Thy spirit goeth;
The steps of Faith
Fall on a seeming void, 
and find A rock beneath.


