SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.VIII   November, 1930   No.11

HONORS FROM THE CRAFT

by: Unknown

“Freemasonry regards no man for his worldly wealth or honors.”  In 
her lodges all men meet on the level.  That she should provide 
elaborate and ceremonious honors in many forms for those who love and 
labor for the Craft is one of he delightful inconsistences of the 
Order!
These orders are of several kinds - ceremonious, as in the 
receptions; salutary from the brethren to the Worshipful Master and 
to the Grand Master; titular when the brother honored receives the 
permanent right to the use of a Masonic title, usually accompanied by 
certain rights and privileges, and symbolic, when the recipient is 
presented with a decoration, emblem or other device to be worn upon 
proper occasions.
Highest of the salutary honors are the Grand honors; usually given 
upon four occasions; the visit to the lodge of a Grand Master, or a 
Deputy Grand Master acting for him; installations of Grand Masters 
and Worshipful Masters, the dedication of a Masonic Hall or Temple 
and the constitution of a new lodge.  Their manner is esoteric and 
therefore cannot be described here.
Any who have read a history of the manners and customs of ancient 
Rome will at once see a resemblance between the prescribed form of 
both our private and public Grand Honors, and the carefully 
restricted and formal methods of laudation and applause practiced in 
those days.
In this modern era, applause by clapping the hands is common to the 
theater, the concert hall and the lecture room; such applause as is 
given at a baseball or football game would be considered ill-bred in 
a theater.  In ancient Rome applause was even more particularly 
formal.  Three kinds of laudation with the hands were prescribed to 
express various degrees of enthusiasm.  “Bombi” was given  by 
striking the cupped hands gently and frequently, a crowd thus 
produced a humming sound.  “Imbrices” was similar to our usual 
applause, hands struck smartly palm to palm; while “Testae” was 
produced by hitting the palm of the left hand with the fingers of the 
right hand grouped to a point, producing a hollow sound (when done by 
many) something like that made by hitting a hollow vessel.
Freemasonry’s private Grand Honors given at corner-stone layings and 
funerals - crossing the arms on the breast, raising them over the 
head and dropping them to the sides - have evidently the same 
classical origin.  The three motions are repeated three times; there 
is thus a succession of nine blows, as hands strike shoulders, strike 
each other overhead and strike thighs.  This feature makes 
intelligible the phrase occasionally used “giving honors of three 
times three.”  (There are different honors for this in Nevada.)
It is unnecessary (and illegal) to dwell upon the familiar salutes to 
the Master in the lodge room, since every Mason who can enter a lodge 
must know their origin and allusions.  Suffice it to say here that 
when offered to a Worshipful Master, they but emphasize the respect 
and veneration which the Craft pays to the Oriental Chair, looking to 
its occupant for wisdom, guidance and counsel.  Happy the brother in 
the East who deserves all the respect shown his office.
Conferring honorary membership in a lodge or Grand Lodge is a method 
of honoring a brother the greater, as its bestowal is rare.  It is 
more common on the continent than in England or the United States.  
Some lodges provide in the their By-Laws for a definite number of 
honorary memberships, which cannot be exceeded without the trouble 
and inconvenience of an amendment.  Other lodges refuse to consider 
thus honoring a brother.  In a few instances honorary members pay 
dues.  The lodge honoring them thus puts them on a parity with its 
own members in everything but the right to ballot on petitions and in 
elections, and the right to hold office.  In some lodges honorary 
membership carries with it the privilege of the floor (under the 
pleasure of the Master); in others, it is a mere gesture and carries 
no inherent rights.
The gift of life membership by a lodge to one of its own members is 
an honor, indeed.   By so doing the lodge says to the recipient:  
“You are so beloved among us; your services to us and to the Craft 
have been so great that we desire to relieve you from the payment of 
dues for the rest of your life.”  Life Memberships, as honors, are 
often presented in the form of a “Good Standing Card” made of gold, 
suitably engraved.
Inasmuch as financial experience has demonstrated that disposing of 
life memberships by purchase is often an unwise policy for lodges  
which give life memberships but rarely.  When really earned by some 
outstanding service to a lodge, or to Masonry, life membership is 
among the most distin-guished honor which can be conferred upon a 
brother.
It is the custom in most lodges to honor the retiring Worshipful 
Master with a jewel of the office he is then assuming, the honorable 
and honored station of Past Master.  The jewel of the Past Master in 
the United States is universally the compasses (“compass” in six 
jurisdictions!) open sixty degrees upon an arc of the fourth part of 
a circle, and the legs of the compasses inclosing the sun.  In 
England the Past Master’s jewel was formerly the square on a 
quadrant, but is now a square from which is suspended the 47th 
problem of Euclid.
Not all lodges give their Past Masters jewels as they become Past 
Masters.  Failure to do so usually comes either from a lack of 
understanding that “Past Master” is something more than a mere empty 
title, or by finances too modest  to stand the strain.
“Past Master” is not only a name given to the brother who has served 
his lodge in the East, when he makes way for his successor in office, 
but is also an honorary degree which all newly elected Masters must 
receive before they can legally be installed.  The Past Master’s 
degree is given in the Chapter of Capitular Masonry, or in an 
Emergent Lodge of Past Masters called for that purpose.  This 
requirement is very old - certainly as old, or older than the Mother 
Grand Lodge - and is universal in England and the United States.  
Whether the degree is conferred in a Chapter or an Emergent Lodge of 
Past Masters, the recipient (who thus becomes a “virtual Past Master” 
before he is actually installed as Worshipful Master) is taught many 
esoteric lessons regarding his conduct while in the Oriental Chair.
Past Masters are usually members of Grand Lodge, but, according to 
the most eminent Masonic authorities, not by inherent right but by 
the local regulations of their own Grand Lodge.  In some Grand Lodges 
Past Masters have individual votes; in others they have only a 
fraction of a vote; all the Past Masters from any one lodge being 
given one whole vote between them.
The fact that a Past Master must receive that degree before he became 
an Installed Master, and that he is a member of Grand Lodge is 
evidence that the title is not empty.  As it confers privileges, it 
also requires the performance of duties.  The honor is in the state; 
the jewel is but the expression of the lodge’s appreciation of that 
honor.  To most brethren their Past Masters’ jewel is their “Master’s 
Wages” to be cherished as, perhaps, the greatest honor which can ever 
be given them.
An additional honor usually accorded Past Masters is a special word 
of welcome extended by the Worshipful Master, who may, and often 
does, invite them to seats in the East.  This is a courtesy entirely 
under the Worshipful master’s control.  It is not required that he 
invite his predecessors to sit with him; neither is he forbidden to 
invite anyone in the lodge to sit in the East.
Another honor the Worshipful Master has wholly in his discretion is 
offering the gavel to a distinguished visitor.  Usually this is 
reserved for the Grand Master or the Deputy Grand Master acting in 
his place, who are received with the lodge standing.  In tendering 
such a distinguished visitor the Gavel the Worshipful Master says in 
effect:  “In full knowledge of your wisdom I trust you to preside 
over my lodge.”  The recipient of such an honor usually receives the 
gavel, seats the lodge, and returns it immediately to the Master.
What to do with the brother who has served his lodge in some one 
capacity for so many years that he can neither successfully carry the 
burden longer nor decline the honor of re-election or appointment, 
has troubled many a Master.  Borrowing the title Emeritus from the 
classic custom of universities may solve the problem.
Emeritus comes from the latin word “emerere,” meaning “to be greatly 
deserving.”  The Secretary, Treasurer or Tiler who has served for a 
generation and now wishes to retire, may be appointed or elected 
“Treasurer Emeritus”, “Secretary Emeritus”, “Tiler Emeritus,” etc.  
Such an honor says in effect:  “You have served so long and so well 
that we cannot dispense with your services or your experience, but we 
wish you to enjoy them without burdening you with the cares of 
office.  Therefore we give you the title and the honor and relieve 
you of the labor.”  If salaried officers are retired with the title 
Emeritus, continuing their salary for life makes the honor practical.
Receptions in lodges differ in different Jurisdictions, but all such 
honors express respect and veneration.  Thus a Grand Master may be 
received by the Marshall, the Deacons and the Stewards.  Escorted to 
the East, the Worshipful Master receives him, accords him the Grand 
Honors (Private or Public as is the case) and tenders the gavel.  
Less distinguished Grand Lodge officers may be received with the 
Marshall and Deacons only, Marshall and Stewards only, Marshall only, 
or with the lodge standing, without any escort.  It is wise to adhere 
strictly to the form of reception prescribed by local regulations and 
never to offer such honors to any brethren not specified by 
regulations as entitled to them.  To use them promiscuously is to 
lessen their dignity and their effectiveness.
If election as Worshipful Master is the greatest honor which a lodge 
may confer upon a brother, election to the “foot of the line” or 
appointment to any office in the line under the discretion of the 
Master, is less an honor by but a few degrees, since it is usual, 
though not invariable, that the brother who begins at the bottom ends 
at the top.  Whatever his future career may be, at least either lodge 
or Master has said to the brother who thus takes service in the 
official family of his lodge:  “We trust you; wee believe in you; we 
expect that you will demonstrate that we are right when we say we 
think in time you will be worthy to be Master of this lodge.”
Selection for membership on either of the four most important 
committees a Master may appoint; upon charity or upon trials, is a 
great honor.  For these committees the Master naturally selects only 
brethren of wisdom, experience, knowledge and an unselfish 
willingness to serve.
Masonry honors her dead.  Masonic funeral services conducted over the 
remains of a deceased brother show his surviving relatives and 
friends that we are mindful of his worth.  As such, the ceremonies we 
conduct at the grave are an honor and should be so considered.
Occasionally arises the problem of the active, hard-working brother, 
who has done much for the lodge, but who has never held an office, or 
who, if a Past Master, has received his jewel.  Brethren become lodge 
instructors; serve for years upon the finance committee, are selected 
Lodge Trustees or whose advise and counsel is so valued that it is 
frequently sought.  After long service of this kind a lodge may 
desire to express its affection in some concrete way.
The presentation Apron is one very pretty solution of this problem.  
Presentation Aprons may be obtained from Masonic regalia supply 
houses with any degree of elaboration and at any cost desired.  They 
are particularly effective for bestowal upon brethren who have served 
more than one year as Master.  It detracts from, not adds to, the 
value of a Past Master’s Jewel to present any brother with two or 
more of them!  The presentation apron with the Past Master’s Emblem 
worked in gold embroidery upon it, is a graceful honor which can be 
worn in the Mother Lodge, or in lodges visited, and is cherished by 
all who receive it.
Every brother is familiar with the solemn words with which an Entered 
Apprentice receives his lambskin or white leather apron - “More 
Honorable Than the Star and Garter, or any other order - .”  An 
honor, indeed, but sometimes less appreciated than it deserves 
because it is given to so many; given, indeed, to all who are 
permitted to knock upon the West Gate.
This honor differs from a Past Master’s jewel, or other permanent 
honors which Freemasonry may bestow, in this vital particular; it is 
given before the performance.  Others come as a recognition of labor 
done and a Master’s Wages earned.  The apron may become a great and 
distinguished honor, or it may be “merely a piece of white lambskin.”  
Which it will become is wholly in the power of the recipient to say.
When worthily worn, only one grant from Freemasonry may exceed it in 
value - the honor of being raised to the Sublime Degree of Master 
Mason.  Here, too, the honor comes before the work.  But if the work 
is done, if the wages are earned, if the newly made brother does 
indeed live according to the precepts of the Fraternity, then at long 
last, even if he has received the jewel of a Past Master - he will 
agree, and his brethren will unite in saying that there is no honor 
which Freemasonry can give to any man that is greater than that which 
lies in the simple words:  “He is a true Master Mason.”
 

