SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.X   February, 1932   No.2

FACTS FOR SPEAKERS, ABOUT GEORGE WASHINGTON, 
MASTER MASON

by: Unknown

“A short compilation of facts of the Masonic history of the First 
President, for the use of speakers who will prepare and deliver 
addresses on the Father of His Country, on the two hundredth 
anniversary of his birth.
In Fredricksburg Lodge  (now No.4), Fredricksburg, Virginia, 
Washington was:
Initiated November 4, 1752
Passed March 3, 1753
Raised August 4, 1753
Remained a member until the time of his death.

Alexandria-Washington Lodge No.22, Alexandria, Virginia was:
First Chartered as Alexandria Lodge No.39, under the Grand Lodge of 
Pennsylvania.
Became Alexandria Lodge No.22, under the Grand Lodge of Virginia in 
1788.
After Washington’s death, it was named Alexandria-Washington Lodge 
No.22 in 1805.
Washington was first made an Honorary Member of this Lodge, June 24, 
1784.
Became Charter Worshipful Master of this Lodge when the Charter was 
issued to it by the Grand Lodge if Virginia, April 28,1788.
Holland Lodge No.8, New York City, New York, Elected Washington an 
Honorary Member, 1789.
				_______________

1753 - September 1, Washington visited his Lodge at Fredricksburg 
shortly before his leaving for the Western Country.
1755 - January 4.  Again visited his Lodge.

1777 - June 23.  Proposed as Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of 
Virginia.
1778 - December 28.  Marched in procession in Philadelphia, 
Pennsylvania at the Masonic celebration in Honor of St. John the 
Evangelist.

1779 - June 24.  Celebrated with American Union (Military) Lodge, the 
festival of St. John the 
Baptist, at West Point, New York.

1779 - October 6.  Washington (Military) Lodge was instituted by the 
Grand Lodge of Massachusetts.  
Washington visited this Lodge.

1779 - December 15.  Proposed by American Union (Military) Lodge at 
Morristown, New Jersey, as 
General Grand Master of the united States.

1779 - December 20.  Proposed by the Grand Lodge of  Pennsylvania as 
General Grand Master of the United States.
1779 - December 27.  Celebrated with American Union (Military) Lodge, 
the Festival of St. John  the 
Evangelist, at Morristown, New Jersey.

1780 - January 13.  Again proposed by the Grand Lodge of  
Pennsylvania as General Grand Master of the United States.
1781	October.  Said to have visited Lafayette Lodge No. 9 at 
Yorktown, Virginia after the surrender of Cornwallis there.

1782 - Presented with a Masonic Apron, and other Masonic Regalia by 
Brothers Watson and Cassoul, of Nantes, France.  Acknowledged the 
August, 1782.
1782 - June 24.  Celebrated with American Union (Military) Lodge the 
Festival of St. John the 
Baptist , at West Point, New York.

1782 - December 27.  Solomon’s Lodge No.1, Poughkeepsie, New York, 
records: Visitors, Bro. George Washington, Comdr in Chief.” 
Celebrated with them on this date the Festival of St. John The 
Evangelist.
1784 - June 24.  Celebrated with Alexandria Lodge, Alexandria, 
Virginia, the Festival of St. John the 
Baptist.

1784 - August.  Was presented by General Lafayette with a Masonic 
Apron made by Madame Lafayette.
1785 - February 12.  Walked in the Masonic procession at the funeral 
of Brother William Rams, at 
Alexandria, Virginia.

1789 - April 30.  Inaugurated as President of the United States, and 
took the oath of office on the Bible belonging to St. John’s Lodge 
No. 1, New York City, New York.

1791 - April 15.  Visited Newbern, North Carolina, and was welcomed 
by the Freemasons of St. John’s Lodge No. 2, “with the mystic 
numbers,” and attended a ball in the evening.
1791 - Mat.  While on a visit to Charleston, South Carolina, was 
greeted by General Mordecai Gist. 
Grand Master of the Grand Lodge of South Carolina, who extended the 
greetings of that Grand Lodge.

1793 - September 18.  Acting as Grand Master “pro tem,” laid the 
Cornerstone of the United States Capital, at Washington, D.C.

1794 - Late in this year Alexandria Lodge received and accepted the 
Masonic Portrait of Washington, painted by Williams of Philadelphia, 
Pennsylvania, on order of the Lodge, and for which Washington 
sat while in the city some time in the latter part of 1793, or early 
part of 1794.

1797 - March 28.  Received a delegation from Alexandria Lodge and 
accepted an invitation to be present in Alexandria, April 1st.
1797 - April 1.  Attended Alexandria Lodge, and, at the banquet, 
proposed the toast, “The Lodge of Alexandria and all Masons 
throughout the World.”
Buried Masonically, at Mt. Vernon, December 18, 1799, Alexandria 
Lodge, No.22.
(The above facts taken from Brother William L. Boyden’s “Masonic 
Presidents, Vice-Presidents and signers).
Librarian of the A.A.S.R. Southern Jurisdiction.
Minutes of: “The Lodge of Fredricksburg” (now Fredricksburg Lodge 
No.4):
4th Novbr			Charles Lewis	George Washington

3rd March			George Washington pass’d fellow Craft

4th August 5753 Which Day the Lodge being Assembled - Present:

R. Wpl. Daniel Campbell				Transactions of
I. Neilson, S.W.					Evening Are:
Rot. Haslkerson, J.W.				George Washington
	(sic)						rais’d
James Strakan						Master Mason
Alex’r Wodrow, Secretary pro Temp.
Thoms. Robertson					Thomas James
William McWilliam, Treasr.			Entd an Apprentice

RULES AND REGULATIONS FOR FREDRICKSBURG LODGE (Adopted 1769)
1.	That the meetings in course be the first Friday of every month, 
from March to September at 6 o’clock in the evening; and from 
September to March at 5 o’clock in the afternoon.
2.	Every member of the Lodge shall pay three Shillings 
Quarterly for expenses thereof.  Visit. at last day, Midsummer, 
Michaelmas and Christmas - extra Expenses to be defrayed by such 
members as present on these occasion.
3.	Every new made Brother shall pay the Fee of three Pistoles for 
being admitted to the First degree.  The fee of one Pistole for 
being Passed to the Second and the same sum on being Raised to the 
Third.  These Fees must be received the night of his admission, 
passing, or raising, or the Brothers who recommend to be 
responsible for them.
4.	Any Brother not made in this Lodge, Petitioning to become a member 
thereof, shall upon his being received as such (after due 
examination) pay the Fee of one Pistole.  But Brethren made here 
may become members without further Fee than that of their 
admission.
5.	No Visiting Brother is to be admitted without due Examination, 
unless vouched for by a Brother present; nor more than once 
without paying One Shilling and Three Pence.
6.	No person to be admitted to become a Mason in this Lodge under the 
age of twenty-one years on any account whatever, being Contrary to 
the Constitutions of Masonry, nor without the unanimous Consent of 
the Lodge by Ballot.
7.	All Fees and Quarterages to be paid to the Treasurer for the time 
being.  His Acc’t to be Annually examined and Balanced on the 
Night his office expires,

THE CHARTER GIVEN TO ALEXANDRIA LODGE BY THE GRAND LODGE OF 
VIRGINIA, DATED APRIL 28, 1788.  Edm. Randolph: G.G.
TO ALL AND EVERY to whose knowledge these presents shall come.  
Greetings:
WHEREAS, It has been duly represented to us, that in the County of 
Fairfax, and Borough of Alexandria, in the Commonwealth of 
Virginia, there reside a number of Brethren of the Society of 
Freemasons, who have assembled as a Lodge agreeably to the 
Regulations of Masonry by the Title of the Alexandria Lodge, and 
it appearing to be for the good and increase of the Fraternity 
that the said Brethren should be encouraged to proceed and work, 
as heretofore they have done in a Regular Lodge.
KNOW YET, That we, EDMUND RANDOLPH, ESQ. Governor of the 
Commonwealth aforesaid, and Grand Master of the Most Ancient and 
Honorable Society of Freemasons, within the same, by and with the 
consent of the Grand Lodge of Virginia, do hereby Constitute and 
Appoint our Illustrious and Well-beloved Brother, GEORGE 
WASHINGTON, ESQ,  late General and Commander-in-Chief of the 
forces of the United States of America, and our worthy brethren, 
Robert McCrea, William Hunter, Jr., and John Allison, Esq., 
together with all such other brethren as may be admitted to 
associate with them, to be a just, true and regular Lodge of 
Freemasons, by the name, title and designation of the Alexandria 
Lodge, No.22.
And further do hereby appoint and ordain, all regular Lodges to 
hold and acknowledge, and respect them, as such; hereby granting 
and committing to them, and their successors full power and 
authority to assemble and convene as a regular Lodge, to enter and 
receive Apprentices, pass Fellow-Crafts, and raise Master Masons, 
according to the known and established customs of ancient Craft 
Masonry, and No otherwise, and also to elect and choose Masters, 
Wardens, and other officers, annually, at such time or times as to 
them shall seem meet and convenient; and to exact from their 
members such compensation as they shall judge necessary for the 
support of their Lodge , the relief of their brethren in distress, 
and contribution towards the Grand Charity, and agreeably to the 
Book of constitutions and the laws of the Grand Lodge of Virginia, 
and recommending to the brethren aforesaid, to receive and obey 
their Superiors in all things lawful and honest as becomes the 
honor and harmony of Masons, and to record in their books this 
present Charter with their own regulations and by-laws, and their 
whole acts and proceedings, from time to time, as they occur, and 
by no means desert their said Lodge hereby  constituted, or form 
themselves into separate meetings, without the consent and 
approbation of their Master and Wardens for the time being.  All 
which, by acceptance hereof, they are holden and engaged to 
observe; and the brethren aforesaid are to acknowledge and 
recognize the Grand Master and the Grand Lodge as their Superiors, 
and shall pay due regard and obedience to all such  instructions 
as they have received or hereafter shall receive from thence.  
And, lastly, they are requested to correspond with the Grand 
Lodge, and to attend the meetings thereof, by their Master and 
Wardens, or their proxies being Master Masons and members of their 
said Lodge.
GIVEN under the Seal of the Grand Lodge at Richmond, in the State 
of Virginia, the 28th day of April, A.L. 5788, A.D.  1788.
By the Grand Master’s Command
William Waddell
Grand Secretary
				______________

	
COLUMBIAN MIRROR AND ALEXANDRIA GAZETTE OF SEPTEMBER 23, 1793

Georgetown, September 21, 1793

On Wednesday, one of the Grandest Masonic processions took place for 
the purpose of laying the corner-stone of the Capitol of the United 
States, which perhaps, was ever exhibited on the like important 
occasion.  About ten o’clock, Lodge No.9 was visited by that 
congregation so graceful to the Craft, Lodge No.22 of Virginia, with 
all their officers and regalia; and directly afterwards appeared on 
the southern banks of the grand river Potomac, one of the finest 
companies of Volunteer Artillery that has been lately seen, parading 
to receive the President of the united States, who shortly came in 
sight with his suite, to whom the artillery paid their Military 
Honors, and his Excellency and suite crossed the rive and was 
received in Maryland by the officers and brethren of No.22 Virginia 
and No.9, Maryland, whom the President headed, proceeded by a band of 
music; the rear brought up by the Alexandria Volunteer Artillery, 
with Grand Solemnity of March, proceeded to the President’s Square, 
in the city of Washington, where they were met and saluted  by No.15, 
of the City of Washington, in all their elegant badges and clothing, 
headed by Brother Joseph Clarke, Rt. Wor. G.M. p.t. and conducted to 
a large lodge prepared for the purpose of their reception.  After a 
short space of time, by the vigilance of Brother Clotworthy 
Stephenson, Grand Marshal, p.t., the brotherhood and other bodies 
were disposed in a second order of procession, which took place 
amidst a brilliant crowd of spectators of both sexes, according to 
the following arrangement, viz.:
The Surveying Department of the City of  Washington
Mayor and Corporation of Georgetown, Virginia Artillery.
Commissioners of the City of Washington.
Stone-Cutters - Mechanics.
Masons of the first Degree.
Bible, etc. on Grand Cushions.
Deacons, with staffs of Office.
Masons of the Second Degree.
Stewards, with wands.
Masons of the Third Degree.
Wardens, with truncheons.
Secretaries, with tools of office..
Past Masters, with their Regalia.
Treasurers, with their Jewels.
Band of Music.
Lodge No.22, Virginia, disposed in their own order.
Corn, Wine, and Oil.
Grand Master, pro tem. Brother George Washington.  and Worshipful 
Master of No.22, of Virginia.  Grand Sword Bearer.
The procession marched two abreast, in the greatest solemn dignity, 
with music playing, drums beating, colors flying, and spectators 
rejoicing from the President’s Square to the Capitol, in the City of 
Washington, where the Grand Marshal ordered a halt, and directed each 
file in the procession to incline two steps, one to the right and one 
to the left, and face each other, which formed a hollow oblong 
square, through which the Grand Sword Bearer led the van; followed by 
the Grand Master pro tem, on the left, the President of the united 
States in the center, and the worshipful Master on No.22, Virginia, 
on the right; all the other orders that composed the procession 
advanced in the reverse of their order of march from the President’s 
Square to the southeast corner of the Capitol, and the Artillery 
filed out to a destined ground to display maneuvers and discharge 
their cannon.  The President of the United States, the Grand Master 
pro tem, and the Worshipful Master of No.22, taking their stand to 
the east of the large stone, and all the Craft forming a circle 
westward, stood a short time in solemn order.
The Artillery discharged a volley.  The Grand Marshal delivered the 
commissioner a large silver plate, with an inscription thereon, which 
the Commissioners ordered to be read, and was, as follows:
“This southeast Corner-Stone of the Capitol of the United States of 
America in the City of 
Washington, was laid on the 18th day of September, 1793, in the 
thirteenth year of American 
Independence, in the first year of the second term of the Presidency 
of George Washington, whose 
virtues in the civil administration of his country have been as 
conspicuous and beneficial as his 
military valor and prudence have been useful in establishing her 
liberties, and in the year of 
Masonry 5793, by the President of the United States, in concert with 
the Grand Lodge of 
Maryland, several Lodges under its Jurisdiction, and lodge No.22 from 
Alexandria, Virginia.  Thomas Johnson, David Steuart and Daniel 
Carroll, Commissioners,  Joseph Clark, R.W.G.M. pro tem,., James 
Hobam and Stephen Hallate, Architects.”
Collin Williamson, Master Mason.
The Artillery discharged a volley.  The Plate was then delivered to 
the President, who, attended by the Grand Master pro tem., and three 
Most worshipful Masters, descended to the cavazion trench and 
deposited the plate, and laid it on the corner-stone of the Capitol 
of the United States if America, on which were deposited corn, wine, 
and oil, when the whole congregation joined in reverential prayer, 
which was succeeded by Masonic chanting honors, and a volley from the 
Artillery.
The President of the United States, and his attendant brethren, 
ascended from the carazion to the East of the corner-stone, and there 
the Grand Master pro tem., elevated on a triple rostrum, delivered an 
oration fitting the occasion, which was received with brotherly love 
and commendation.  At intervals during the delivery of the oration 
several volleys were discharged by the Artillery.  The ceremony ended 
in prayer, Masonic chanting honors, and a 15-volley from the 
Artillery.
The whole company retired to an extensive booth, where an ox of five-
hundred pounds weight was barbecued, of which the company generally 
partook with every abundance of other recreation.  The festival 
concluded with fifteen successive volleys from the Artillery, whose 
military discipline and maneuvers merit every commendation.  Before 
dark the whole company departed with joyful hopes of the production 
of their labor.
				_______________

SOME QUOTATIONS FROM WASHINGTON’S MASONIC LETTERS.
December 28, 1783, to Alexandria Lodge No. 39:
I shall always feel pleasure when it may be in my power to render 
service to Lodge No.39, and in every act of Brotherly kindness to the 
Members of it.
June 19, 1784, to the same:
With pleasure I received the invitation of the Master and Members of 
Lodge No.39, to dine with them on the approaching anniversary of St. 
John the Baptist.  
If nothing unforseen at present interferes, I shall  have the honor 
of doing it.
August 22, 1700, to King David’s Lodge, Newport, Rhode Island:
Being persuaded that a just application of the principles, on which 
the Masonic Fraternity is founded, 
must be promotive of private virtue and public prosperity, I shall 
always be happy to advance the 
interests of the Society, and to be considered by them as a deserving 
brother.
1791, to St. John’s Lodge, Newbern, N.C.
My best ambition having ever aimed at the unbiased approbation of my 
fellow citizens, it is peculiarly pleasing to find my conduct so 
affectionately approved by a Fraternity whose association is founded 
on justice and benevolence.
1791.	To Prince George’s Lodge No.16, Georgetown, South Carolina.
I am much obliged by your good wishes and reciprocating them with 
sincerity, assuring the Fraternity of my esteem, I request them to 
believe that I shall always be ambitious of being considered a 
deserving Brother.
Response to an address of Charleston, South Carolina, Masons.
The fabric of our freedom is placed on the enduring basis of public 
virtue, and will, I fondly hope, long continue to protect the 
prosperity of the architect who raised it.  I shall be happy on every 
occasion, to evince my regard for the Fraternity.
1792.	To the Grand Lodge of Pennsylvania.

At the same time, I request that you will be assured of my best 
wishes and earnest prayers for your happiness while you remain in 
this terrestrial Mansion, and that we may thereafter meet as brethren 
in the Eternal Temple of the Supreme Architect.
Response to the dedication in the constitution Book of the Grand 
Lodge of Massachusetts:
It is most fervently to be wished, that the conduct of every member 
of the Fraternity, as well as the publications that discover the 
principles which actuate them, may tend to convince mankind that the 
great object of Masonry is to promote the happiness of the human 
race.

MASONIC DEDICATIONS TO WASHINGTON The Pennsylvania Ahiman Rezon of 
1783:
To His Excellency. GEORGE WASHINGTON, Esq,. General and Commander in 
Chief of the Armies of the United States of America;  In “Testimony,” 
as well as his exalted Services to his Country, as of that noble 
Philanthropy which distinguishes Him among Masons, the following 
Constitutions of the Most Ancient and Honorable Fraternity of  “Free 
and Accepted Masons,” by order and in behalf of 
the Grand Lodge of Pennsylvania, &c. is dedicated, By his 
Excellency’s Most humble servant and faithful Brother, 
	
William Smith, G. Secretary.

The Constitutions of the Ancient and Honorable Fraternity of 
	Free and Accepted Masons in the State of New York; Collected 
and digested by Order of the Grand Lodge of said State	(printed 
in 1789).

To His Excellency, GEORGE WASHINGTON, Esq.  In testimony, as well as 
o his exalted Services to his Country, as of his distinguished 
Character as a Mason, the following book of constitutions of the most 
antient and honorable Fraternity of Free and Accepted Masons, by 
order and in behalf of the GRAND LODGE of the State of New York, is 
dedicated, By His Most Humble Servant, 
JAMES GILES, G. Secretary, A.L. 5785Virginia New Ahiman Rezon of 
1791:

To George Washington, Esq., President of the United States of 
America.  The Following Work is Most Respectfully Dedicated by His 
Obedient. and Devoted Servant, THE EDITOR.
The Massachusetts “Book of Constitutions,” (printed in 1792	and 
1798):

In Testimony of His Exalted Merit, And of Our inalienable Regard, 
THIS WORK IS Inscribed and Dedicated to our Illustrious BROTHER 
GEORGE WASHINGTON; 
The Friend of Masonry, Of His Country, and Of Man.  

