SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.VII   October, 1929   No.10

EVERY BROTHER HIS OWN TILER

by:  Unknown

All Masons know the importance of the Tiler, and the scope of his 
duties.  But the Tiler is only one brother - secrecy is a Masonic 
duty for all.  Throughout the three degrees, and in the ceremonies of 
opening and closing a lodge, are references to the importance of 
preserving inviolate the secrets of the Order, preventing the 
approach of cowans and eavesdroppers, guarding against the disclosure 
of the esoteric work to those whom it is not proper to be made known.

In the Ritual explanation of the third cardinal virtue, Prudence, we 
are told (see most monitors) "This virtue should be the peculiar 
characteristic of every Mason, not only for the government of his 
conduct while in the Lodge, but also when abroad in the world.  It 
should be particularly attended to, in all strange and mixed 
companies, never to let fall the least sign, token, or word whereby 
the secrets of Freemasonry might be unlawfully obtained.

The charge to the entered Apprentice admonishes him, among other 
things; "Neither are you to suffer your zeal for the Institution to 
lead you into an argument with those who, through ignorance, may 
ridicule it."

The FellowCraft is exhorted to preserve steadily "in the practice of 
every commendable virtue."  In the Third Degree the newly Raised 
Master Mason learns that "The Book of Constitutions, guarded by the 
Tiler's Sword, reminds us that we should be ever watchful and guarded 
in our words and actions, particularly before the enemies of Masonry, 
ever bearing in remembrance those truly Masonic virtues, silence and 
circumspection."

Not only the "work," both printed and exoteric, and secret and 
esoteric, exhorts us to "silence and circumspection;" the inner 
meaning of the symbolism of the Tiler and his Sword teaches plainly 
that each of us should be a Masonic Tiler.

In other words, the duties of the Tiler are not confined to that 
officer; every Mason should be, in effect, a Tiler.  He is a good 
Mason as his words and actions are duly "Tiled," and a detriment, if 
not a positive injury, to the Craft as he is careless of or 
indifferent to these duties.

In the ancient operative days the secrets of a Master Mason were 
valuable in coin of the realm.  The Mason who knew the Master's Word 
could travel in foreign countries and receive Master's Wages.  Many 
who could not, or would not, conform to the requirements tried to 
ascertain the Master's Word and some of a Master's skill in a 
clandestine manner.

The "eavesdropper" - literally, one who attempts to listen under the 
eaves, and so receives upon him the droppings from the roof - was 
altogether without the pale; he was only a common thief, who tried to 
learn by stealth what he could not learn by work.

The cowan was a more or less ignorant Mason; one who laid stones 
together without mortar, or piled rough stones from the field into a 
wall, without working upon them to make them square and true.  He was 
a "Mason without a word" with no reputation; the apprentice who tried 
to masquerade as a master.

The operative Masons guarded their assemblies against intrusion of 
both the non-Mason thief, and the half-instructed craftsman, who, 
like the Fellowcrafts of old, desired to obtain the secret word of a 
Master Mason by force, rather than by labor.

While nothing very positive is known either as to the date when the 
guardian of the door first went on duty, or why he was called a 
Tiler, or Tyler, it is believed that the office is very ancient, and 
that, inasmuch as the man who put on the roof, or tiles, (tiler) 
completed the building and made those within secure from intrusion, 
so the officer who guarded the door against the intrusion was called, 
by analogy, a Tiler.

In modern days the Tiler of a lodge uses his sword only as a symbol 
of authority.  While all faith and trust in his zeal is entertained 
by the Master and the Brethren, it is usual to make sure by a 
ceremony familiar to all Masons that no profane, cowan, or 
eavesdropper, Apprentice, or Fellowcraft has entered the lodge room 
of Master Masons prior to opening.

So ancient is the office, and so important the functions, that Mackey 
says that the Eleventh of his Twenty-Five Landmarks is "The Necessity 
that every lodge when congregated shall be duly tiled."
But of what avail is it to tile a lodge meeting, if individual 
brethren do not "bear in remembrance those truly Masonic virtues, 
silence and circumspection;" if we fail to heed the charge and do 
suffer our zeal to leads us into argument with the profane, regarding 
Masonic matters?

Unless all of understand and abide by the need for us to tile our own 
words and actions, our portals might as well be in charge of a door 
keeper who would admit on the production of a printed ticket!
In the profane world (the word is used in its ancient sense of 
meaning "without the doors of the Temple") considerable curiosity 
exists regarding the Masonic Fraternity.  The inescapable newspaper 
reporter, with his accounts of Masonic meetings, does not lessen it.  
Public appearances of Masons naturally arouse curiosity; spectators 
are interested when the Grand Lodge, in silk hats and frock coats, 
embroidered Aprons and with solemn and ancient ceremony, lays the 
cornerstone of a church, or when a private lodge, attired in white 
Aprons and Gloves, conducts an impressive funeral, with customs quite 
different from those of the usual religious service.

Masonry has given to the language certain phrases used by the entire 
English speaking world.  The "Third Degree" of the police is a 
perversion of a Masonic matter; so is the "goat" of the familiar 
joke.  "He's on the level" - "He's on the square" are commonplaces.
Naturally the public begins to ask questions.  What is Masonry?  Who 
may be Masons?  Why can't women be Masons?  What do Masons do?  Why 
do you wear those funny little aprons?
The Mason who is his own Tiler is "ever watchful and guarded" in what 
he answers.

To satisfy a legitimate curiosity about Freemasonry there is much 
information which a brother may conscientiously give.  A sincere 
desire to learn something of the Fraternity, on the part of a man who 
is considering making an application, is an evidence of 
thoughtfulness.  He is entitled to a serious and thoughtful answer to 
all proper questions.  Much information regarding Masonry is printed; 
its history, its government, its extent, its public appearances - 
such matters are no more "secret" than a  Masonic Temple is secret.
Few Masons, not even the careless and indifferent, will disclose the 
esoteric work of the degrees; the modes of recognition, the words or 
our methods of teaching.  It is not the disclosure of these that we 
who would tile our hearts and lips must fear.

But in between lies a vast body of knowledge and information which 
are borderland to both the exoteric and esoteric.  Here the 
indifferent, the careless, the uninstructed and the ignorant can - 
and sometimes do - work an injury to the Fraternity.
A Mason comes home from lodge and remarks to his wife - "Joe Smith 
has applied to the lodge.  I'm glad old Joe is coming in!"
Friend wife thinks nothing of it.  Apparently it is a harmless 
statement.

"But suppose Joe Smith is blackballed!"
"By the way," remarks Mrs. Mason, after a few months. 
"Why don't you call for Joe Smith when you go to lodge tonight?"
What is the Mason going to say?  What can he say?  And so Mrs. Mason 
learns - and with the utmost innocence may tell - that Joe Smith 
applied for the degrees of Freemasonry and was rejected.

If Joe Smith wants to make the matter public, that's his business.  
But as a man may be rejected for the degrees for many reasons; and, 
while the public thinks only that the rejection means unfitness it's 
unfair for the lodge, or for any individual member of the lodge, to 
make the matter known. 	

This is offered merely as one small instance of the harm that may be 
done by a Mason who is not his own Tiler.  A thousand others will 
occur to the thoughtful.  Particularly should we Tile our lips in 
communities so small that a lodge meeting assumes almost the 
importance of a Public Event.  As a general rule, we are well advised 
if we do not talk of anything which occurs in a lodge -  even such 
matters as are harmless -  with those who are not of the Fraternity, 
since such conversations give rise to questions, and questions lead 
to answers.

Freemasonry works her gentle miracles in men's hearts in a way which 
no profane can understand.  Her reputation among the general public 
is that of silence, secrecy, good works, unselfish doing of good, 
failure to advertise and to seek publicity.  These facts in the jewel 
of her reputation are the working tools of the Craft among the 
profane.  Every inadvertence which breaks down any one of them, 
injures the Fraternity in the public eye and thus her ability to do 
good.  Every airing of scandals, every dragging of lodge politics - 
hateful words! - into community talk, every disclosure of charity, 
even when dictated by pride, is, in the long run, injurious to the 
Fraternity.

Many good men and true seek to "improve" Masonry.  
Modern conditions do demand ideas; our brethren of two hundred years 
ago, for instance, never hard of a Masonic Home.  Many "improvements" 
are wholly exoteric, and necessary.  Others, so-called, attempt to 
change the "Ancient Usages and Customs," destroy some of the 
Landmarks and nullify some of the Old Charges.  The Freemason who is 
his own Tiler will set his face steadfastly against all such efforts.
As one bad egg will spoil an omelet, so the unfit candidate, 
admitted, does more harm to the lodge, and thus to the Fraternity, 
than ten good men and true can do good.  The well Tiled Mason will be 
very careful in the petitions he brings into the lodge.  It is not 
enough to say" "Oh, Jim's a good fellow."  Jim must be more than a 
"good fellow" to be a real Mason.  It is for us to see that we Tile 
the petitions we sign with truly Masonic "circumspection."

Finally - and perhaps most important of all personal duties we 
perform as Tiler - let us see to it that we do not ourselves bring 
anything into the lodge but brotherly love.  Let us be "ever watchful 
and guarded" that, in the language of the Old Charges, we bring  "no 
private piques or quarrels" within the tiled door.  Not only with our 
lips but truly, let us meet on the level and part upon the square.  
Let us each so act in the lodge, as a brother, and out in the world, 
as a member of the Ancient Craft, that our brethren within, and our 
friends at large without, can be proud of what Masonry means.
For only by so tiling ourselves can we insure that, that with which 
we are so solemnly charged as Entered Apprentices will endure; "that 
the honor, glory and reputation of the Institution may be firmly 
established and maintained; and, the world at large convinced of its 
good effects."


