SHORT TALK BULLETIN- Vol.I April. 1923  No.4 
 
"PUBLIC SCHOOLS" 
 
					by: Unknown 
FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS: 
 
We are going to discuss, for a few moments, the greatest business 
enterprise in which you and I are jointly engaged.  It is practically a new 
business, having been in existence, in a nation-wide way, only about 
seventy-five years.  The world knew nothing about this business a hundred 
years ago, and some of our colonial fathers scoffed at it as something 
which, if it could be attained, was not worth the having.  As a business, 
let us analyze it for ourselves, carefully. 
 
A careful analysis is justified.  For this business is one which has 
greater capital invested than any other enterprise in America.  Tremendous 
amounts of real estate are owned.  Great buildings house the shops.  There 
are officers in every city and town in the country.  An army of directors 
and workers is employed.  Upon this business is spent the majority of our 
peace-time taxes.  Into its factories goes the most precious material that 
our nation yields.  Out of it comes a product, the value of which far 
exceeds our production of foodstuffs and manufactures combined. 
 
This business, Fellow Stockholders, is the American Public School System. 
 
The product of this "factory" is the education of our children - your boys 
and girls, and mine.  Upon this product depends the future of America.  We, 
as a people, invest more money in it than in anything else in which we are 
interested.  The system is a corporation - and you and I own and operate 
it.  When we consider that the high school enrollment jumped from 915,000 
to 1,645,000 in eight years, and that only a little more than seventy-five 
years ago there were no high schools in this entire world, we begin to 
understand how gigantic an enterprise it is, and how rapidly it is growing. 
 
It is from these points of view that we want to discuss the public school 
system.  Your child goes through the public school - how does he come out?  
You pay more actual dollars and cents for the maintenance and upbuilding of 
the public school than  you do for any other peace work that you are 
interested in as a taxpayer - what dividends do you get back?  Your child 
is graduated from your high school - and what sort of a job does he get?  
More important still, what kind of a job does he hunt for? 
 
We have the right of any stockholder to see what we are getting for our 
money.  We are going to give credit for every bit of constructive work that 
enters into the product.  We are going to charge every item which properly 
belongs on the debit side of the ledger.  We are not going to admit that 
our efforts have been vain, these seventy-five years.  We are not going to 
indict the management, except as we shall find ourselves wanting. 
 
Let us begin our survey. 
 
The community in which we live has invested thousands, hundreds of 
thousands, perhaps millions of dollars, in our "plant."  Yet that plant is 
idle more than three-fourths of the time.  We admit that it should be idle 
a part of the time - perhaps a little more than half.  But when the plant 
operates on a thirty hour a week schedule for only thirty-six weeks, is it 
just to say - as stockholders - that the idle time is out of proportion to 
the working hours? 
 
We are not saying that the children and their teachers should put in eight 
hours a day, twelve months in the year.  We are talking about our "plant" - 
the buildings.  Are we using them efficiently?  Someone may say that they 
are specially constructed, that they are not adaptable to the production of 
other things.  Are we so sure?  Could they not be so adapted? 
 
Then let us consider the managers, superintendents, and foreman.  They are 
the faculty.  Assuming that they are proficient, how about the way we 
handle them?  Would you permit half or more of your foreman and responsible 
officers to shift from one plant to the another every year?  Would you 
expect them to be satisfied and happy in an environment where they were 
unable to become acquainted with their neighbors until the year was up, or 
practically so?  Would you care to have a business in which all your 
skilled operatives were changing every three years?  Yet this is what 
happens to your teachers.  A large percentage of them shift from place to 
place at the end of the school year; they know little of the community in 
which they teach until the school year is ended.  Does this kind of 
organization develop proficiency?  
 
The recent War brought out the woeful lack of even the most elementary 
education in many young men of draft age,  The percentage of illiteracy was 
found to be disgracefully high.  Our government had to spend billions in 
training young men to understand and obey orders.  We paid an immense price 
to give elementary education to these adults.  Is it sound business sense 
to allow the next generation to come out of the schools as ignorant as 
these adult? 
 
As good as our public school system is, we find that there is a tremendous 
economic waste in its administration.  Viewed from a business standpoint, 
can we afford to let this go on?  The Public School system ought in any 
balanced scheme of things to link up  very definitely, not only with 
"Higher Education," but with the home, business, and community life.  
Failing in this, there is an economic waste.  The percentage of business 
and professional failures is an index of our school system.  The percentage 
of failures is too high. 
 
No self-respecting citizen, no stockholder in this great corporation of 
ours, needs to be told that the ideals of educated men and women must more 
and more be made the ideals of all our people.  This is what we ought to 
mean when we speak of "Americanism."  No thinking man or woman owning a 
share in this "Company" can fail to realize that the cost of education is a 
productive expenditure of money, that it will pay enormous dividends, and 
that in no sense of the word is it a charity! 
 
It needs no argument to prove that the Public School is "Not" a place where 
political, religious, or educational "Axes" are to be ground!  There should 
be no argument to prove that every one of us must understand and appreciate 
the value of the public service rendered by teachers.  They should know us, 
and mix with us, and acquire a practical knowledge of the problems of life 
which we face, and which our children must face.  And it is infinitely more 
important that we know the teachers into whose care we entrust our 
children.  It is worthwhile, from a dollar and cents standpoint, for us to 
cultivate them, entertain them in our homes and make them feel that they 
are being relied upon, and that they can rely upon us! 
 
We have spoken of "Americanism."  What does it mean?  What should it mean 
to our children?  From this standpoint what are the real needs of the 
Public School? 
 
"Americanism" means Equality of Opportunity,"  We live in no feudal age.  
There are no Barons or Lords of the Manor who hold us as chattels.  Each 
man and woman is a human soul, entitled to a fair chance.  Inevitably we 
are bound to each other by the ties of brotherhood, and the future of our 
America depends upon the growing of every  boy and girl into a healthy, 
happy, competent manhood and womanhood, able to cope with the conditions 
that a citizen must face.  Our Public School system should fit children to 
take advantage of their opportunities, and so make of themselves all that 
ambition and thrift and character may hope to attain. 
 
Universal education, more than anything else, must be the goal of our 
republic.  Upon this rest the foundations of government, for only through 
intelligent citizens can our government continue in the years to come. 
 
The ban of factory production is returned goods - goods which have been 
improperly manufactured and are sent back to be worked over.  Do we realize 
that there can be returned goods in our schools?  Have we ever stopped to 
think that it costs as much to put a child through the same grade twice as 
it does to put two children through once?  Everything which helps the child 
to learn quickly is real economy.  Only if a child is healthy will he do 
the required work.  Otherwise he will hold back his classmates as well as 
himself.  Health becomes the greatest possible economy and if there were no 
other grounds for asking that supervision of health be exercised over all 
children, this would be enough. 
 
Our Public Schools can succeed only in proportion to the cooperation which 
they receive from the community.  We have spoken of effective organization.  
If this is demanded by the community, we shall get the worth of our money.  
If a community demands teachers who believe in public education at State 
expense, the demand will be supplied.  If the people of a community are 
determined that American ideals shall be instilled into the minds of their 
children, rather that the vaporing of foreign agitators, the schools in 
that community will have truly American teachers. 
 
In return for all this, the community must do its part.  We must give the 
teacher a place among us.  He or she must feel at home with us because they 
come into our homes.  It is necessary for the teacher to know the home 
background of the child if intelligent direction is to be given.  We cannot 
expect wholehearted work without some measure of appreciation. 
 
How long since you have attended any school activities?  The enterprises 
which the teacher promotes in order to show the child how to work with 
other children, fit him for the part he is going to play in mature 
activity, and are as important as the work of the class room.  The success 
of these enterprises depends upon your support, not only from the 
standpoint of the money  which is spent, but because the child will have 
faith in this instruction and will believe in its importance if we, as 
parents, show him that we also believe.  These enterprises are the links in 
the chain which the teacher offers as a tie between the school and the 
community.  The community must not lose hold of its end of the chain. 
 
As individuals we have three ways in which we can become a constructive 
force for the betterment of the public Schools. 
 
We can do it as voters, supporting measures which benefit the Public 
Schools, and voting against the measures which are opposed to their 
welfare. 
 
We can do it by making our lives touch the lives of those directly 
connected with the schools.  This does not mean working through a committee 
or an association.  It means finding out for ourselves what the schools are 
doing.  It means becoming acquainted with, and learning to know, the 
aspirations and the abilities of the teachers who guide the destinies of 
our children during school hours. 
 
Finally, we can give our support as parents.  The child is a healthy animal 
as a rule, and has very little natural desire for an education.  We must 
show him that the way to success in the world lies down the long road of 
education.  We must make this road reasonably attractive.  We must show him 
the education is his greatest asset. 
 
The Public School which brings together the children of the rich and the 
poor alike is the one great agency which makes for a responsible 
citizenship.  Our children must know that the right to go to a Public 
School has been fought for.  They must know what it costs in terms of money 
and sacrifice.  We must realize that on the organization and influence of 
our Public School system depends the perpetuity of our Republic. 
 
 
Copyright, 1923, by The Masonic Service Association of the United States of 
America.  The contents of this Bulletin must nor be reproduced, in whole or 
in part without permission.  Published monthly by The Masonic Service 
Association of the United States under the auspices of its member Grand 
Jurisdictions. 
	 

