SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.II     June, 1924      No.6 
 
THE LEVEL & PLUMB 
 
by: Unknown 
 
Like the Square and the Compasses, the Level and the Plumb are nearly 
always united in our Ritual.  They really belong together, as much in moral 
teaching as in practical building.  The one is used to lay horizontals, the 
other to try perpendiculars, and their use suggests their symbolism.  By 
reason of their use, both are special working tools of the Fellowcraft, 
along with the Square; and they are also worn as jewels by two of the 
principal officers of the Lodge. 
 
Among the Craft Masons of olden time the actual work of building was done 
by Fellowcrafts, using materials gathered and rough hewn by Apprentices, 
all working under the guidance of the Master  In our Symbolism, as the 
Apprentice is youth, so the Fellowcraft is manhood, the time when the 
actual work of life must be done on the Level, by the Plumb and Square.  
Next to the Square and Compasses, the Level and Plumb are among the noblest 
and simplest symbols of the Craft, and their meaning is so plain that it 
hardly needs to be pointed out.  Yet they are so important, in use and 
meaning, that they might almost be numbered among the Lesser Lights of the 
Lodge. 
 
The Level, so the newly made Mason is taught, is for the purpose of proving 
horizontals.  An English writer finds a lesson in the structure of the 
Level, in the fact that we know that s surface is level when the fluid is 
poised and at rest.  From this use of the Level he bids us seek to attain a 
peaceful, balanced poise of mind, undisturbed by the passions which upset 
and sway us one way or the other.  It is a council of perfection, he 
admits, but he insists that one of the best services of Masonry is to keep 
before us high ideals and, what is more, a constantly receding ideal, 
otherwise we should tire of it. 
 
Of course, the great meaning of the Level is that teaches equality, and 
that is a truth that needs to be carefully understood.  There is no little 
confusion of mind about it.  Our Declaration of American Independence tells 
us that all men are "created equal"  but not many have tried to think out 
what the words really mean.  With most of us it is a vague sentiment, a 
glittering generality born of the fact that all are made of the same dust, 
and sharers of the common human lot, moved by the same great faith and 
fears, hopes and loves - walking on the Level of Time until Death, by its 
grim democracy, erases all distinctions and reduces all to the same level. 
Anyone who faces the facts knows well enough that all men are not equal, 
either by nature or by grace.  Our humanity resembles the surface of the 
natural world in its hills and valleys.  Men are very unequal in physical 
power, in mental abilities, in moral quality.  No two men are equal; no two 
are alike.  One man towers above his fellows, as a mountain above the 
hills.  Some men can do what others can never do.  Some have five talents, 
some two, and some but one.  A genius can do with effortless ease what is 
futile for others to attempt, and a poet may be unequal to a hod-carrier in 
strength and sagacity.  When there is inequality of gift it is idle to talk 
of equality of opportunity, no matter how fine the phrase may sound.  It 
does not exist. 
By no glib theory can humanity be reduced to a dead level.   
 
The iron wrinkles of fact are stubborn realities.  Manifestly it is better 
to have it so, because it would make a dull world if all men were equal in 
a literal sense.  As it is, wherein one lacks another excels, and men are 
drawn together by the fact that they are unequal and unlike.  The world has 
different tasks demanding different powers, brains to devise, seers to see, 
hands to execute, prophets to lead.  We need poets to inspire, scientists 
to teach, pioneers to blaze the path to new lands.  No doubt this was what 
Goethe meant when he said that it takes all men to make one man, and the 
work of each is the glory of all. 
 
What, then, is the equality of which the Level is the Symbol?  Clearly it 
is not identity, or even similarity of gift and endowment.   No, it is 
something better; it is the equal right of each man to the full use and 
development of such power as he has, whatever it may be, unhindered by 
injustice or oppression.  as our Declaration of Independence puts it, every 
man has an equal and inalienable right to "Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of 
Happiness," with due regard for the rights of others in the same quest.  
Or, as a famous slogan summed it up; "Equal Rights for all; Special 
Privileges to None!"  That is to say, before the law every man has an equal 
right to equal justice, as before God, in whose presence all men are one in 
their littleness, each receives equally and impartially the blessing of the 
Eternal Love, even as the sun shines and the rain falls on all with equal 
benediction. 
Albert Pike, and with him many others, have gone so far as to say that 
Masonry was the first apostle of equality in the true sense.  One thing we 
do know; Freemasonry presided over the birth of our Republic, and by the 
skill of its leaders wrote its basic truth, of which the Level is the 
symbol, into organic law of this land, the War for Independence, and the 
fight for Constitutional Liberty, might have had another issue but for the 
fact that our leaders were held together by a mystic tie of obligation, 
vowed to the services of the rights of man.  Even Thomas Paine, who was not 
a Mason, wrote an essay in honor of an order which stood for Government 
without tyranny and religion without superstition - two principles which 
belong together, like the Level and the Plumb.  Thus, by all that is sacred 
both in our Country and our Craft, we are pledged to guard, defend and 
practice the truth taught by the Level. 
 
But it is in the free and friendly air of a Lodge of Masons, about an Altar 
of Obligation and Prayer, that the principle of equality finds its most 
perfect and beautiful expression.  There, upon the Level, the Symbol of 
Equality, rich and poor, high and low, prince and plain citizen - men of 
diverse creeds, parties, interests, and occupations - meet in mutual 
respect and real regard, forgetting all differences of rank and station, 
and united for the highest good of all.  "We Meet Upon the Level and Part 
Upon the Square;" titles, ranks, riches, do not pass the Inner Guard; and 
the humblest Brother is held in sacred regard, equally with the Brother who 
has attained the highest round of the wheel of fortune. 
 
Every man in the Lodge is equally concerned in the building of the Temple, 
and each has his work to do.  Because the task demands different gifts and 
powers, all are equally necessary to the work, the architect who draws the 
plans, the Apprentice who carries stones or shapes them with chisel and 
gavel; the Fellowcraft who polishes and deposits them in the wall, and the 
officers who marshal the workman, guide their labor, and pay their wages.  
Every one is equal to every other so long as he does good work, true work, 
square work.  None but is necessary to the erection of the edifice; none 
but receives the honor of the Craft; and all together know the joy of 
seeing the Temple slowly rising in the midst of their labors.  Thus Masonry 
lifts men to a high level, making each a fellow-worker in a great 
enterprise, and if it is the best brotherhood it is because it is a 
brotherhood of the best. 
 
The Plumb is a symbol so simple that it needs no exposition. As the Level 
teaches unity in diversity and equality in difference, so the Plumb is a 
symbol of rectitude of conduct, integrity of life, and that uprightness of 
moral character which makes a good and just man.  In the art of building 
accuracy is  
integrity, and if a wall be not exactly perpendicular, as tested by the 
Plumb-Line , it is weak and may fall, or else endanger the strength and 
stability of the whole.  Just so, though we meet upon a Level, we must each 
build an upright  character by the test of the Plumb, or we weaken the 
Fraternity we seek to serve and imperil its strength and standing in the 
community, 
 
As a workman dare not deviate by the breadth of a hair to the right or to 
the left if his wall is to be strong and his arch stable, so Masons must 
walk erect and live upright lives.  What is meant by an upright life each 
of us knows, but it has never been better described than in the 15th Psalm, 
which may be called the religion of a gentleman and the design upon the 
Trestleboard of every Mason: 
 
"Lord, who shall abide in Thy Tabernacle?  Who shall dwell in Thy Holy 
Hill?  He that walketh uprightly, and worketh righteousness and speaketh 
the truth in his heart.  He that backbiteth not with his tongue, nor doeth 
evil to his neighbor, nor taketh up a reproach against his neighbor.  In 
whose eyes a vile person is condemned; but he honoreth them that fear the 
Lord.  He that sweareth to his own hurt, and changeth not.  He that putteth 
not out his money to usury, nor taketh reward against the innocent.  He 
that doeth these things shall never be moved." 
 
What is true of a man is equally true of a nation.  The strength of a 
nation it its integrity, and no nation is stronger than the moral quality 
of the men who are its citizens.  Always it comes back at last to the 
individual, who is a living stone in the wall of society and the State, 
making it strong or weak.  By every act of injustice, by every lack of 
integrity, we weaken society and imperil the security and sanctity of the 
common life.  By every noble act we make all sacred things more sacred and 
secure for ourselves and for those who come after us.  The Prophet Amos has 
a thrilling passage in which he lets us see how God tested the people which 
were of old, by the Plumb-Line; and by the same test we are tried: 
 
Thus He Showed me; and, behold, the Lord stood upon a wall made by a Plumb-
Line, with a Plumb-Line in His Hand.  And the Lord said unto me;  'Amos, 
what seeth thou?'  And I said, 'A Plumb-Line.'  Then said the Lord, 
'Behold, I will set a Plumb-Line in the midst of my people Israel:  I will 
not again pass them by any more."  
 

