SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.IX   July, 1931   No.7

THE GAVEL OF AUTHORITY

by: Unknown

“The common gavel is an instrument used by operative Masons to break 
off the corners of rough stones, the better to fit them for the 
builder’s use; but we as Free and Accepted Masons are taught to use 
for the more noble and glorious purpose of divesting our hearts and 
consciences of all the vices and superfluities of life, thereby 
fitting our minds as living stones for that spiritual building, that 
House Not Made With Hands, eternal in the Heavens.”
Mackey, distinguished authority, states that the name comes from 
“Gabel” because the form of the common gavel resembles that of the 
gable of a house.
But the student will look in the ritual in vain for any allusion to 
the gavel as an instrument of authority, although in some form it is 
primarily the badge of power and authority of the Master, and, often 
in another form and always in a lesser degree, of the Wardens.
In various Jurisdictions throughout the United States the interested 
visitor will find in use in the East common gavels, stone Mason’s 
hammers made of both wood and metal, the ordinary mallet gavel of the 
legislative halls, the auctioneer’s hammer, and a setting maul in all 
shapes and sizes.  All these various implements, in diverse forms and 
materials, are used as the symbol of the authority of the Master.  
Apparently it is not so important that he have a particular symbol; 
that is, that he carry a “common gavel” or a “setting maul,” but that 
he have always in open Lodge, in his possession, some instrument with 
which blows may be struck, as a symbol of his power, his authority, 
his right to preside and to rule.
Many studious Freemasons contend with some show of reason that 
inasmuch as the common gavel - the mason’s hammer with one sharp edge 
- is one of the working tools of a speculative Entered Apprentice 
while the setting maul is not classified as a working tool, the 
gavel, and not the maul, is more logically the Master’s symbol of 
authority.  Certainly unless Grand Lodge has ruled otherwise there is 
no argument to be used against a Master presiding with common gavel, 
whether real, of metal, or imitation, of rose or other valuable wood.
But those who find their only argument for the use of the common 
gavel as the symbol of a Master’s authority in the undoubted fact 
that it is one of the striking tools of the stone mason, as well as a 
working tool of the Speculative Craft, hardly go far enough into 
antiquity.
As a symbol of authority the hammer is as old as mythology.  Thor, 
the Scandinavian son of Odin and Freya, possessed a miraculous and 
all-powerful hammer which he threw to do his will.  When this was 
accomplished - usually it was a slaying of enemies or a destruction 
of something which the God did not like - his accommodating hammer 
straightway returned to his hands!
Thor, like Jove, also controlled thunderbolts, and from this early 
myth we associate lightning and thunder with the hammer.  We also 
invert the thought to develop the idea of the authority in a hammer 
or gavel from its age long association with the power of lightening.
The connection is world wide, and by no means confined either to 
Freemasonry or to Norse mythology.  Thor and his hammer are at the 
bottom of the old “hammer rite of possession.”  Thor, God of 
lightening, by virtue of his control of fire was also the God of the 
domestic hearth.  In ancient days a bride, on taking possession of 
her new home, received a hammer thrown in her lap as a symbol of 
possession.  When her husband purchased land, he took possession by 
throwing a hammer over it.
The Indian God Parasu Rama, or Rama of the Battleax, obtained land 
from the God of the sea by throwing his battleax over the earth, and 
became possessed of all that it spanned.  The South Sea Islanders use 
a “celt” or hammer, often of huge size, before the chief’s dwelling 
as a symbol of authority.  Mrs. H.G.M. Murray Aynsley (English 
Authority on mythology), says “The Hammer has its uses in Freemasonry 
as a symbol of authority - the auctioneer, too, used a hammer - here 
we see possession implied by the falling or throwing down of a 
hammer.
Thus, when the Master of a lodge first brings down the gavel to 
convene the Lodge, he by that blow says in effect, “by this act I 
take possession of this Lodge.”
G.W. Speth, famous writer on Freemasonry, draws attention to the 
curious articles drawn up by the stone masons of Torgau, in Saxony, 
in 1462.
And every Mason shall keep his lodge free of all strife; yea, his 
lodge shall be kept pure as the seat of justice. And no Mason shall 
bear false witness in his lodge, neither shall he defile it in any 
manner.
Therefore shall no Mason allow a harlot to enter his lodge, but if 
any one have ought to commune with her he shall depart from the place 
of labor so far as one may cast a gavel.
Grand Lodges are sovereign within their Jurisdictions. 
Whatever their ukase, it immediately becomes right within that 
Jurisdiction.  We find anomalies in American Freemasonry as a result.  
Thus, most Jurisdictions demand that a Master elect “pass the chairs” 
or receive the Degree of Past Master in a Chapter of the Royal Arch 
before he may be installed.  But that is not true in all 
Jurisdictions.  Where it obtains the practice is both right and 
ancient.  Its absence is “right” when Grand Lodge has so ruled.  
Since the formation of the Mother Grand Lodge in 1717, Masonic 
jurists have conceded the right of a Grand Lodge to make Masons “at 
sight” as inherent; that is the right to convene an occasional or 
emergent lodge, under dispensation, set it to work and disband it 
when its work is done.  Some American Grand Lodges have ruled to the 
contrary.  It is “right” in those Jurisdictions that a Grand Master 
cannot make a Mason “at sight.”  In forty-three of our forty-nine 
Grand Jurisdictions, two of the three Great Lights are the Square and 
Compasses.  In the remaining six, Compasses is incorrect, and 
“compass” is right - aye, with every lexicographer, dictionary, 
encyclopedia and Masonic author-ity to the contrary,. “compass” is 
right in these Jurisdic-tions.
Under the doctrine that whatever a Grand Lodge declares to be right, 
whether by actual words or by tact agreement, is the law and the 
practice for that particular Jurisdiction, any for of striking 
instrument which is customary is the correct form in that 
Jurisdiction.  The Grand Jurisdiction which sanctions setting mauls 
in all three stations, uses the tool which is correct in that 
Jurisdiction.  If the Grand Lodge sets forth that the Master shall 
use a “common gavel” and the Wardens setting mauls, that practice is 
there correct.  If nothing is said to imply that the Master must use 
the “common gavel” as a symbol of authority, then the familiar form 
of mallet or hammer - by far the commonest form of a presiding 
officer’s instrument - may be considered as correct as any other.
We are not very liberal minded in our Masonic symbolism.  The Square 
and the Compasses on our Altars are hardly large or strong enough to 
play Operative parts in stone cutting and setting.  The “working 
tools” we present to initiates are but miniatures of the real tools 
they symbolize.  The trowel which we tell a candidate is more 
especially the essential tool of the Master Mason, is usually far too 
small to spread real cement between real stones.  Certainly no gavel 
of wood, be its form what it may, can “break off the corners of rough 
stones.”  So, while the beauty of the symbolism of the “common gavel” 
as the presiding officer’s instrument of authority is obvious, usage 
and custom and expedience in many lodges have metamorphosed it into a 
little mallet of wood, just as the tiny square upon the Altar is an 
expedient metamorphosis of the great metal tool of the Operative 
Mason.  Perhaps it is not so important that the wood of the gavel be 
carved to imitate some particular striking tool of the Operative 
Masons, as that the brethren understand the power and authority 
inherent in it.
Whatever form of gavel is used, the Master should always retain 
possession of the instrument and never have it beyond his reach.  He 
should carry it with him when he moves about the Lodge, whether in 
process of conferring a degree, or when the Lodge in charge of the 
Junior Warden at refreshment.  This, be it noted, is not only because 
it is his symbol of authority, but to remind him that, although his 
position is the highest within the gift of the brethren, he is yet 
but a brother among brethren.  Holding the highest power in the 
Lodge, he exercises it by virtue of the commonest of the working 
tools.
All powerful, within certain limits, in the Lodge, the Master has 
authority to temporarily transfer his power.  He may honor a visitor 
by presenting him with the gavel (and should always remove his hat 
when the gavel passes).  He may place another in the Oriental Chair 
to confer a degree (in most Jurisdictions) at which time he hands 
over the gavel of authority.  Because he has the right to transfer 
the authority, he should always be in position to exercise it; 
another reason for always retaining possession of his gavel!
The authority by which the Master rules is not, of course, the mere 
physical possession of a piece of wood or iron.  The Master may be a 
physical weakling.  Some powerful two hundred-pounder may easily 
wrest from him the emblem of authority, but such forcible possession 
would not transfer the authority.  The authority to use the gavel 
comes first from election and installation, the powers of both of 
which ceremonies rest on the authority of the Grand Lodge.  Once 
installed, a Master cannot be deprived of his gavel of authority 
except by the Grand Lodge, or the Grand Master “ad interim” (or his 
deputy acting in his stead).  The brethren elect to the East, but 
cannot “unelect” or take away the power they have once given.  The 
gavel of authority is not transferable save by the will of its lawful 
possessor, except at the order of the Grand Lodge, or the Grand 
Master (or his deputy acting for him).  In most Jurisdictions such an 
action by a Grand Master or Deputy, “ad interim” Grand Lodge. is 
reviewable by the Grand Lodge at its next succeeding regular 
communication.
The Master enforces the authority of which the gavel is the symbol - 
first and usually last and all the time - by the good will and the 
Masonic practices of his brethren.  Few Lodges would tolerate 
disobedience to the gavel by any brother.  Occasionally a hot-headed 
brother has attempted to defy its power.  In such cases the Master 
may ask the offender to leave the room.  His failure to respond lays 
him open to charges of un-Masonic conduct and a Masonic trial.  The 
Master may request the Marshall or Master of ceremonies to remove the 
offender.  Or the Master may - as sometimes has been done - us the 
gavel to call from labor to refreshment, during which period there 
will be plenty to admonish the offender of the enormity of his 
offense against Masonic law. good manners and good taste!
The charges given a Mason at the close of all three Degrees are 
generally held to have the binding force of all other Masonic 
teachings and obligations.  The brother who signs the by-laws as a 
Master Mason agrees by so doing to abide not only by them but by all 
the unwritten usages and customs of the Fraternity and all the 
admonishments of the charges.  Those who know their ritual will 
recall that in the charge of the third degree it is said: “The 
ancient Landmarks of the Order you are carefully to preserve and 
never suffer them to be infringed, countenance a departure from the 
ancient usages and customs of the Fraternity.”
Obedience to the gavel is indeed an “ancient usage and custom” of the 
Fraternity.  Rarely is it defied - never with impunity. But to reach 
its fullest respect, the gavel must be wisely used.
“It is fine to have a giant’s strength— It is despicable to use it 
like a giant!”
applies here.  The Master “may” do what he will in his Lodge.  He may 
cut off discussion, rap a brother down, cause a brother to leave the 
room, refuse to put a motion, declare the Lodge at recess, close at 
his pleasure, control debate, arrange the work, refuse a bother 
permission to speak - all with the gavel.  But the wise Master uses 
his great power sparingly and never arbitrarily.  While the peace and 
harmony of the Craft are maintained, he need not use it except as the 
ritual or custom of presiding in the Lodge requires.  If he so uses 
it, it will be respected, its possessor will be venerated, and its 
transfer to another hand will be considered by the brethren what it 
actually is, a great and signal honor.
No Master may pay a higher tribute to any brother than to intrust him 
with the gavel.  He offers it to the Grand Master (or his Deputy 
representing him), because it is the right of those dignitaries to 
preside in all private Lodges.  He offers it to another to preside 
during the conferring of a degree, or to a distinguished visitor, as 
a mark of the greatest respect and confidence.
A gavel is not a necessity.  A Master and two brethren can open and 
close a Lodge if they have the Great Lights and a Charter.  Lesser 
Lights, a gavel, Warden’s columns, Aprons, and Altar are not 
essential.  Without the Great Lights and a Charter (or dispensation) 
a Lodge cannot be opened, though it has every other accessory.  The 
gavel, then, is the symbol of the authority, not the authority 
itself.  Like all great symbols, it takes upon itself in the minds of 
the brethren something of the quality of the thing symbolized.  As we 
revere the cotton in stripes and stars which became the Flag of our 
Country; as we revere the paper and ink which became the Great Light 
in Masonry, so, also, do Freemasons revere the little hammer, mallet, 
setting maul or common gavel which typifies and symbolizes the height 
of Masonic power and authority - the majesty of power, the wisdom of 
Light which rest in and shine forth from the Oriental Chair.


