SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.X   May, 1932   No.5

DEDICATING THE WASHINGTON MASONIC MEMORIAL

by: Unknown

Freemasonry is the only Fraternal Order for which the United States 
George Washington Bicentennial Commission has set aside a whole week 
for participation in the celebration of the two hundredth anniversary 
of the birth of the First President.
The week of May 7th to 14th inclusive will go down in Masonic history 
as the most impressive of all periods of Masonic celebration.  The 
peak of the National Observance will be reached on May 12th, when the 
great George Washington National Memorial in Alexandria will be 
dedicated to Masonic use buy the Grand Lodge of Virginia.
Every Freemason in the country is concerned, as every Grand 
Jurisdiction has contributed to the erection of this, the mightiest 
memorial ever erected by any man, by any order, people or nation.
Begun twenty years ago with the simple idea of providing a fireproof 
repository for the priceless relics of Washington, the Freemason, in 
the possession of Alexandria-Washington Lodge No. 22, before long the 
plans changed, and the project was for a monument to George 
Washington the Mason, as well as for a fireproof structure to keep 
safe forever those objects which Mason and profane like hold in 
veneration.  As time passed on and interest grew, the plans were 
again enlarged, so that the huge building which now towers four 
hundred feet above the surrounding country might be not only a 
Memorial to the man and the Mason, but a monument to Freemasonry.
To this great undertaking the Grand Lodges of the United States 
pledged the Craft.  As their representatives in the Memorial 
Association brought home reports of the progress of the work and the 
enlargement of the plans, the Craft enthusiastically backed up these 
pledges.
The great structure is now much more than either monument or 
memorial.  It is the living embodiment of the faith and patriotism 
and practice of Freemasonry; it is a demonstration both to the world 
at large and the world of the Craft, that fifty Grand Jurisdictions 
can labor unitedly to a common end.  East, and West, North and South, 
have engaged in friendly rivalry to see which would soonest complete 
its per capita contributions.
Written into the constitution of the association is the proviso that 
no contract for any work may be made until money to pay for it is 
actually in the treasury - hence this imposing pile of imperishable 
granite, its decorations, its lighting, its heating, the thirty-six 
acres of land on which it stands and its landscaping, are all paid 
for.  Not a dollar of mortgage or indebtedness of any kind stands 
against this shrine of the ancient Craft.
The exterior of the building is completed; the beacon light on top 
shines every night; the permanent roadway from King Street is 
finished; heating, ventilating, electrical wiring, lobbies and 
adjacent stairways and the auditorium are finished.  But, much 
remains to be done inside and furnishings have yet to be bought and 
placed.  It is not a complete and perfect whole which will be 
dedicated and consecrated to Masonic use on May 12th; the task is not 
yet finished.  But the end is in sight.  The last dollar of the four 
million required will be speedily raised, following the demonstration 
to the two hundred thousand Masons expected at the dedicatory 
exercises, of the magnificence of the structure and the sacredness of 
the trust to finish it immediately and completely,
The influence of this monument cannot be estimated.  
Unlike many memorials, this will serve many practical purposes as 
well as those altruistic and patriotic.  Lodges will meet in it.  
Ceremonial of all proper Masonic character will be held in it - have 
been held in it.  Masonic bodies will travel long distances to 
perform some ritualistic observance within its portals.  The nucleus 
of a magnificent Masonic Library is already in hand.  Masonic leaders 
with vision of the future see the Memorial as a great center of 
Masonic learning; they envision it as a central source of Masonic 
light and knowledge, as well as shrine, a meeting place, a monument 
and a Memorial.
It belongs to American Freemasonry; to every Craftsman of every 
lodge.  On page 11 is a table showing (as of December, 1931), the 
contributions of the forty-nine Jurisdictions, and the relative 
standing of the several States.  These figures are taken from the 
Masonic Reviews of J. Edward Allen, noted Masonic statistician, and 
Fraternal Correspondent of North Carolina.
Plans for the dedication program contemplate a parade which will 
being at 9:30 o’clock on the morning of May 12th, the ceremony of 
dedication to follow immediately after the parade has been dismissed.
The dedication program will include an invocation by Bishop W. 
Betrand Stevens, of Los Angeles, a short address by the President of 
the Memorial Association, Past Grand Master Louis A. Watres, (Penn.) 
a special ceremony prepared for the occasion by the Grand Lodge of 
Virginia, an address by Past Grand Master Melvin M. Johnson, of 
Massachusetts, the principal speaker, and a benediction by Reverend 
Brother William J. Morton of Alexandria, Chaplain of the association.  
Two Masonic Glee Clubs will sing.
The President of the United States will arrive at one o’clock for the 
dedication exercises.  He will be saluted with  twenty-one guns from 
an Army Battery, and as the first gun is fired, the salute will be 
taken up by five Naval Vessels which will at that time in the harbor 
off Alexandria.
The Secretary of the Navy has ordered the Frigate Constitution, “Old 
Ironsides,” to Alexandria for all of “Masonic Week.”
An unusually complete outfit of loud speakers is being installed, so 
that, no matter how great the assemblage before the platform on which 
the dedication exercises take place, all may hear in comfort.  The 
ceremonies will be broadcast over both the great national hook-ups.
The parade will be both large and colorful.  Many large delegations 
from Grand Lodges from all over the country will participate, and 
uniformed bodies of the Templars, Shrine and Grotto will take part.  
Many Masonic bands and the Army, Navy and Marine Bands will be in 
line, and forty-nine Grand Masters will first lead, then review the 
procession.
The dedicatory exercises will be conducted by the Grand Lodge of 
Virginia, but all the Grand Masters will participate.  The special 
ceremony arranged for this occasion includes individual responses 
from the Grand Masters of the thirteen original States of the Union, 
and the District of Columbia, and group responses from other Grand 
Masters.
The gavel used at the laying of the corner stone of the United States 
Capitol will be in the hands of the Most worshipful Grand Master of 
Virginia.  The Bible from Fredricksburg Lodge, on which Washington 
was obligated as an Entered Apprentice, Fellowcraft and Master 
Masons, will be present on this historic occasion, as will the Bible 
from St. John’s Lodge, of New York City, on which Washington took the 
oath of office when he became the first President of the united 
States.  The Grand Lodge of Massachusetts will bring to the 
dedication its famous urn, in which is a lock of Washington’s hair.  
This urn, the handiwork of M.W. Paul Revere, is the most precious 
possession of the Grand Lodge of the Bay State, and is handed from 
Grand Master to Grand Master at the St. John’s Day Communication.
The center of “Masonic Week,” the very climax to the nation-wide 
celebration of the Bicentennial, this dedication of the Memorial 
carries in its train many other Masonic observances of noteworthy 
importance.  These are, in brief:
May 7	Saturday, (7:30 P.M.) - Special Communication, Harmony Lodge, 
No. 17, F.A.A.M. Lodge Room No. 1, Masonic Temple, 13th and New York, 
Ave., N.W.  Washington, D.C.  Entered Apprentice Degree.
May 8	Sunday, (9:30 A.M.) - Religious services, Kallipolis Grotto, 
M.O.V.P.E.R., Sylvan Theatre, Monument Grounds, Washington.
May 9   	Monday, (10 A.M.) - Annual meeting of the Masonic Service 
Association of the united States, Raleigh Hotel, Washington.
May 9	Monday, (3 P.M.) - Special Communication of the Grand Lodge of 
Texas, in the Memorial at Alexandria, Va.
May 9	Monday, (6 P.M.) - Annual Conference of the Grand Secretaries 
of the United States, Raleigh Hotel, Washington.
May 9	Monday, (7 P.M.) - Annual conclave of the Grand Commandry  of 
Knights Templar of the District of Columbia, Masonic Temple, 
Washington.
May 10	Tuesday, (9:30) A.M.) - Annual Conference of Grand 
Masters of the United States, Willard Hotel, Washington,  Dinner in 
the Evening.
May 10	Tuesday, (8 P.M.) - Thirty-Second Degree, A.A.S.R. 
Scottish Rite Cathedral, 433 Third Street, N.W. Washington.
May 11	Wednesday, (9 A.M.) - Annual Convention of the George 
Washington Masonic National Memorial Association, in Memorial at 
Alexandria.
May 11	 Wednesday, (1 P.M.) - Special Communication of King 
Solomon’s Lodge, No. 31, F.A.A.M., Masonic Temple, Washington, Master 
Mason Degree.
May 11	Wednesday, (7:30 P.M.) - Special Communication of the 
Grand Lodge of Missouri, in the Memorial at Alexandria.
May 11	Wednesday, (7 P.M.) - Semi-Annual Communication of the 
Grand Lodge of the District of Columbia, Masonic Temple, Washington.
May 12	Thursday, (9:30 A.M.) - Dedication of the George 
Washington Masonic National Memorial at Alexandria.  Parade - 
Dedication immediately following parade.
May 12	Thursday, (7:30 P.M.) Stated Communication of Alexandria-
Washington Lodge, No.22, in the Memorial at Alexandria.
May 12	Thursday, (8 P.<.) - Stated Communication of Temple-Noyes 
Lodge, No.32, F.A.A.M., Masonic Temple, Washington, Fellowcraft 
Degree.
May 12	Thursday, (9 P.M.) - Reception and Ball, Willard Hotel, 
under Auspices of Circle Club, Washington.
May 13	Friday, - Annual Conclave of the Grand Commandery Knights 
Templar of Virginia, in the Memorial at Alexandria.
May 13	Friday, (10 A.M.) - Meeting of the Masonic Librarians and 
Students of the United States, in the Memorial at Alexandria.
May 13	Friday, (8 P.M.) - Grand Chapter O.E.S., District of 
Columbia, Pageant, “Washington’s Vision of a Triumphant Nation,” 
Auditorium, Washington.
May 13	Friday, (7:30 P.M.) - Banquet, National League of Masonic 
Clubs, Willard Hotel, Washington.
May 11-14 - Annual Meeting of the National League of Masonic Clubs, 
in Washington.  Saturday morning session in Memorial at Alexandria.
May 14	Saturday, (all day) - Special Convocation of Mt.  Vernon 
Chapter, No.3, R.A.M., of Washington, in Memorial at Alexandria, 
Royal Arch Degree.
While Commanderies, Royal Arch Chapters, Eastern Star Chapters, 
Masonic Clubs, Librarians and Students, etc., all have a part in this 
week of Masonic celebration, the dedication of the Memorial is 
strictly and exclusively an Ancient Craft observance, except for the 
participation in the parade by allied Masonic Bodies.  Planning for 
this celebration last year, the Memorial Association decided that 
while certain assistance from allied Masonic bodies would be gladly 
welcomed, the ceremonies should be wholly in the hands of the 
Freemasons of the United States who have erected the building, just 
as the dedication should be wholly in the hands of the Grand Lodge of 
Virginia, in which Jurisdiction the mighty Memorial is erected.
Alexandria is but six miles by road or rail from the Nation’s 
Capital.  Alexandria is a small city, and will be taxed to its 
capacity during this week.  The majority of delegates and visitors 
will live in Washington during that week; some will use their 
railroad cars as sleeping quarters. 	
Transportation between the two cities is by bus, automobile, railroad 
and boat.  The United States Government has just completed and opened 
to traffic the magnificent Memorial Highway, passing through 
Alexandria.  The Washington end of this boulevard begins at the 
Memorial Bridge, due West of the Lincoln Memorial.
Because of the enormous number of visitors expected, automobiles and 
buses will be barred from Alexandria after 9 o’clock in the morning 
of May 12th.  Twenty-five to fifty thousand automobiles, all trying 
to reach Alexandria at the same time, would jam even the new Memorial 
Boulevard, and there is no place in Alexandria to park so many cars, 
even if they could all arrive safely at the same time.  Visitors to 
Alexandria on May 12th should plan  to go from Washington by 
railroad; steam trains will leave all day long at five minute 
intervals.  The railroad authorities promise ample accommodations, no 
matter how large the crowd.
The dedication of the greatest Memorial ever erected to mortal man 
will write important Masonic history.  All Masons who can make the 
trip will be present; for those who cannot participate in the flesh, 
the radio offers an opportunity to hear, and, thus. to be present in 
spirit while the ancient Craft, with solemn ceremony and joyful 
hearts, consecrates its wonderous Memorial to Washington the Mason, 
and to Freemasonry.


