SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.VI   October, 1928   No.10

INCREASING LODGE ATTENDANCE

by:  Unknown

There are few more vexatious problems which the Worshipful Master has 
to meet than that of increasing the attendance in a Lodge in which 
the members have, to some extent at least, lost interest.

It is a fact no less true than sad, that, on the average, an 
attendance of ten per cent of the membership is looked upon as a 
"Good" turnout.  Yet there are Lodges which have a greater number at 
almost every communication.

It is the natural and laudable desire of all Worshipful Masters to so 
conduct the affairs of the Lodge as to make all its meetings so 
interesting that members will desire to fill the benches.

As a general principle, the way to arouse interest is to do something 
different from what is normally done in Lodge.  A Lodge which is 
overburdened with degree work can increase attendance by holding some 
special meetings for purely social and fraternal purposes.  A Lodge 
in which a speaker from another Lodge - and better, another Grand 
Lodge Jurisdiction - is seldom heard, may increase its attendance by 
making such addresses a feature.  A Lodge in which Masonic education 
is unknown and untried may increase attendance by the preparation and 
putting on of an educational program.  A Lodge which has small 
interest for its members because it appears to be set off, isolated, 
from the life of the community, may increase not only attendance but 
stimulate the desire for membership among non-Masons by taking part 
in some civic activity.

The Worshipful Master is faced at the start of the preparation of any 
entertainment with two conflicting principles; the more of his own 
members he can persuade to work in and take part in the 
entertainment, the more interest he can arouse among them and their 
friends; the more he goes outside the lodge for amusement and 
instruction, the more he is apt to interest all its members, most of 
whom have seen or heard the home talent before.

In arranging for any program, whether it be one of entertainment or 
instruction, Masonic or otherwise, it is wise to put the entire 
affair in the hands of a competent chairman of a committee, give him 
plenty of assistance, and then let him run it without interference.  
Some Worshipful Masters, with the best intentions in the world, are 
so unwise as to appoint a chairman of a committee and then attempt to 
do his work, or dictate how it should be done.  A chairman should be 
a willing worker, and in sympathy with the ideas of the worshipful 
Master, but unless he has some ideas and initiative of his own, he is 
not qualified to be a chairman; if he has ideas and initiative, he is 
not being properly used unless he is allowed to employ them.

As a general rule, a small committee is better than a large one; if 
the plans are elaborate, the committee may divide itself into sub-
committees with a sub-chairman, who may call to their assistance all 
the help they may need.  But a large central committee is unwieldy 
and difficult to handle; there are too many ideas, and too many 
conflicting desires, to make such an organization a success.  

Individual lodges differ largely, but as a rule an entertainment 
committee of three, or five at the most is sufficiently large.
He is a well advised Worshipful Master who does not consider Masonic 
dignity and honors as the first requisite in an entertainment 
committee chairman.  The senior Past Master has not necessarily the 
most original mind; the Senior Warden may be an excellent officer and 
a prospective Master of charm and ability, without being constituted 
by nature and training to be a good chairman of an educational 
committee.  A wise Master doesn't hesitate to use the brains and 
enthusiasm of the younger members.  It is easy to gain the 
cooperation of the older members, and of those the Lodge has honored, 
by asking them to give way to the young and untried that these may 
show their quality.

A few plans which have been tried and proved successful in increasing 
attendance are herewith suggested:

ONE
A SURPRISE MEETING:  Advertise to the membership that there is a 
surprise waiting for them.  Tell them there will be "something doing" 
on the surprise night which they have never seen before.  then 
arrange with a capable committee to exemplify during the meeting a 
dozen or so matters of law and behavior.   Have a new brother 
deliberately cross the lodge room between the Altar and the East.  

Call him down for it.  Have a Past Master explain to the lodge why 
this is not good Masonic usage.  During a ballot have a brother leave 
the room by the way of the West Gate.  Declare the ballot illegal, 
and then take it over again.  Have another Past Master explain why it 
was illegal.  Let some brother move that the lodge adjourn.  Have 
some one else, or another Past Master explain that parliamentary 
procedure which governs most assemblages cannot apply in a Masonic 
lodge because of the powers and prerogatives of the Worshipful 
Master, at whose pleasure alone the lodge convenes and is closed.  
Get a debate started on something, anything, and have a brother 
appeal from the decision of the Worshipful Master, to the lodge.  

Rule him out of order, and then explain that the only appeal lies to 
the Grand Master and the Grand Lodge, and why this is so.  Have some 
brother give the wrong salute on entering or leaving; correct him, 
and have someone make a short talk on the reasons for the salute on 
entering or leaving, and how the brother may always know by an 
examination of the Great Lights upon which degree the lodge is open 
on.  Think up a half dozen more matters in which the customs, the 
etiquette or the law of Masonry may be violated, and have an 
explanation and an answer ready for each one.  It is surprising, the 
interest which brethren take in a practical demonstration of this 
kind, and how simple and easy it is to arrange without any expense 
whatever.

TWO
A MASONIC EXPERIENCE MEETING:  In any lodge a certain number of 
brethren have had some pleasant, different, unusual experience of 
Masonry.  One may have had to borrow money in a strange city and did 
through a Masonic connection.  Another has discovered a Masonic 
impostor.  A third has made a pleasant friend in another city through 
mutual Masonry.  A fourth has had some odd experience of the manners, 
customs and usages of Masonry in a sister Jurisdiction.  Another has 
seen a funeral service in another Jurisdiction, quite different from 
that you use, etc.  Get a committee to ascertain the names of a half 
dozen such brethren, and persuade them to give their experiences.  
Advertise it in the lodge Trestleboard and see the increase in 
attendance.

THREE
A LODGE DEBATE:  Choose some interesting Masonic subject on which 
opinion is divided, appoint two teams of debaters of two men each, 
and stage a contest between them.  A Masonic debate should not run 
over forty minutes.  A is given eight minutes for the affirmative, B 
eight minutes for the negative, following by C for eight minutes more 
of affirmative, and D eight minutes more for the negative.  Each 
debater is then allowed 2 minutes for closing.  The decision is to 
rest on a vote by the Lodge.  A few suggested topics are: "Resolved, 
that Masonry would be more effective if all Lodges were limited in 
size;"  "Resolved, that perpetual jurisdiction over rejected 
candidates is unjust;" "Resolved, that a Master's powers should be 
limited by a Lodge," etc., etc.

It should be carefully explained that these subjects are debated 
purely for the information such debates may bring out, and that there 
is no thought of attempting by Lodge action to alter existing law or 
practice.  If desired, such a Lodge debate could be humorous in 
character rather than educational; such as, "Resolved, that golf 
should not interfere with business;"  "Resolved, that the Worshipful 
Master should pay the Lodge a salary for his privilege," etc.,etc.  
If debaters are ready speakers, such simple entertainment can be made 
very effective and interesting.

FOUR
PAST MASTER'S NIGHT:  Fill all the officers chairs with Past Masters, 
in the order of seniority; for the conferring of a degree.  If no 
candidate is available and there is no local regulation or edict 
against it, use a dummy candidate from among the members, or have the 
degree conferred upon the oldest Past Master.  Those officers who 
have born the heat and burden of the day are usually very proud of 
the opportunity  to get into harness again, and the membership is 
usually much interested in their performance.

FIVE
"TELL US WHAT YOU THINK:"  Have ten brethren, each with an idea, give 
four-minute talks on what the lodge needs.  This does not mean what 
it requires in the way of a new hall, or new equipment, or more 
money; but, what it requires to be better, more alive, more 
interesting and more able.  Such a discussion will bring out many 
ideas.  Throw the meeting open to the members as soon as those who 
have been arranged for as speakers have finished; often these 
unprepared speeches will be the best and most illuminating of the 
evening.

SIX
THE QUESTION BOX:  Put a small box with a slot in the top somewhere 
in the ante-room of the lodge, and invite the brethren to submit 
questions regarding anything Masonic; assure them that as many of the 
questions as possible will be answered at the next meeting/  See that 
a half-dozen brethren, instructed in advance, drop questions in the 
box.  The Worshipful Master will probably get a number for which he 
had not arranged, but these are his sheet anchor; he can then have 
prepared a half-dozen answers to the questions he had asked in this 
way, and these answers delivered to the lodge in five-minute 
addresses.  Questions and answer both, or course, can be obtained 
from books.  A sample list of some half-dozen questions, interesting 
to most Masons, is as follows:

"How old is Masonry, and how do we know its age?"
"What are the ten most Masonic verses in the Bible, not including 
those quotations from the Great Light used in the Ritual?"
"Who was William Morgan and what happened in the "Morgan Affair?"
"In wearing a Masonic ring, should the points of the compass point to 
the wearer or toward his finger tips?"
"What is the origin of the Masonic use of the word "Profane," meaning 
one not a member, and why are they so-called?"
"England permits dual membership.  What American Grand Jurisdictions 
permit it, and what are some of the arguments for and against it?"
"What and where is the oldest Lodge in the world, in the United 
States, and in this State?"

SEVEN
THE SONGS OF MASONRY:  Good Masonic poetry is scarce.  But there is 
enough of it to furnish a pleasant and interesting hour or so of 
instruction and entertainment.  Pick out a half-dozen of the best 
known Masonic poems, and a half-dozen brethren who will memorize them 
and prepare a little talk on them.  Let these brethren recite the 
poem of their choice, and then comment upon it, its meaning and 
significance.  An anthology of Masonic Poems is in Volume Twenty of 
the Little Masonic Library.  Good poems for an evening of this kind 
are: Kipling's "The Palace" and "Mother Lodge," Burn's "Masonic 
Farewell," Goethe's "Mason Lodge" Leigh Hunt's "About Ben Adhem," 
Carruth's "Each In His Own Tongue," Burn's "On The Apron," Meredith's 
"Ebony Staff of Solomon," Bowman's "Voice of America," and Malloch's 
"Father's Lodge." 

EIGHT
It is often possible to awaken interest in a Lodge by the formation 
if some Lodge organization; a glee club, a dramatic club, a study 
club, a Fellowcraft team, etc.  These are good ways to increase 
attendance.

NINE
A little stunt which always holds the attention of the members is 
having some part of the Masonic Ritual - it may be the charge to a 
candidate in one of the degrees, a section from the Middle Chamber 
Lecture, or perhaps the prayer from the Third degree - committed by a 
half-dozen brethren.  These brethren then deliver the same work to 
the lodge, in order to show how different the appeal of it may be, as 
done in different ways.  Naturally, the parts selected should be 
short.  If the brethren are willing to sacrifice themselves for the 
good of the evening, a prize may be put up for the most effective 
rendition, the deci-sion, of course, will be by the lodge.  The vote 
on the best rendition should be by paper ballot.  But do not do this 
unless the brethren have been previously consulted and are willing to 
enter into the spirit of the little contest.

TEN
In a lodge which has much work and much business, the Worshipful 
Master will add to the interest and the attendance if he runs the 
business meeting with dispatch.  The dragging business meeting, with 
a great deal of "Hot Air" from well-meaning brethren who really have 
little to say, is often sufficiently boresome to keep members away.  
It is not suggested that the Master shut off debate arbitrarily, or 
to rap a brother down.  But it is perfectly possible to run the first 
part of the business meeting snappily, have a prepared speech or so, 
very short and interesting, and then have a couple of "planted" 
brethren comment on the shortness and snappiness.  The round hand of 
applause which such comments usually draw will keep the prolix and 
the long-winded off their feet!

ELEVEN
It adds to the interest and, therefore, to the attendance, if the 
Master always has something to tell his lodge.  "Give Them Good and 
Wholesome Instruction" means what it says.  A five-minute talk by the 
Master upon some matter of interest to the particular lodge, or to 
Masons generally, will often prove an interesting feature of business 
meetings.  Of course, it means some work for the Worshipful Master to 
get up some twenty little addresses during his year, but Worshipful 
Masters expect to work - or else they are much surprised brethren 
when they get in the East!

The Master who is a ready speaker has a great advantage over the slow 
of tongue - different speeches to different Past Masters as they are 
welcomed, a different set of remarks to every visitor. keep the 
membership keyed up wondering what the Master will say next!  To call 
brother after brother to his feet and say only "It gives me much 
pleasure to welcome you to this communication of your own lodge, you 
are cordially invited to seat in the East," is not thrilling, and is 
monotonous. On the other hand, the Master must be careful not to 
"talk the interest to death." Nor should he ever be witty at the 
expense of his members or visitors, unless it is that kindly wit 
which compliments at the same time it brings a smile.

TWELVE
Finally, the Worshipful Master may largely increase interest in his 
meetings by departing from the custom of many previous Masters and 
doing what they didn't do!  This does not mean a criticism of 
previous Masters; what they did may also have been interesting and 
different.  But the new is always interesting, and that which is 
interesting usually stimulates attendance.  With good reason, depart 
from the usual order of business; it is a Master's privilege.  Have 
some brother, the more obscure the better, who has done something, 
anything; escorted to the Altar and thank him, congratulate him, or 
comment on his work; the more unexpected this is the more interesting 
to the membership.  Extend a special welcome to the oldest Past 
Master, or more beloved brother; if you have no regularly appointed 
chaplain, or if he is absent, call some other brother - different 
brother every time - to take over the simple duties of lodge 
chaplain.  Encourage debate; ask for comments on any question which 
comes up on which no one voluntarily has anything to offer; the more 
members getting on their feet, the greater interest there is in the 
meeting; always providing they are not long-winded about it!


