SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.V   December, 1927   No.12

THE LODGE

by: Unknown

"God hath made mankind one vast Brotherhood, Himself their Master, 
and the World His Lodge."

Out of an old, dark abyss a whirling fire-mist emerged, and the world 
was made.  Ages afterwards a race of men began to walk about on its 
surface and ask what it means.  Dimly aware that things are more than 
they seem to be, man sought in the order of nature and in the depths 
of his own being for a clue to the questions which haunted his mind:
What is the world?  How did it come to be?  Why does it exist?  Has 
it a Mind, a Purpose, a Plan?  Why is man here?  What is he sent to 
do and be?  What is life for?  What is its meaning, its duty, its 
hope?  Is death the end?  Where does man go when he falls into a 
still, strange sleep, and does not wake up?

Such faith as man won from the mystery of life, such truth as he 
learned by living, he set forth in sign and symbol, in sacred rite 
and ceremony, in the Temple and the Lodge.  For, next to the Home and 
the House of Prayer, the Lodge is the oldest Shrine of humanity - so 
ancient is the idea and art of initiation, as far back as the 
earliest ages.  Rituals, if not the oldest records of the race, show 
us man the mystic, telling himself the truth until it is real and 
vivid, seeking to lift his life into higher rhythm of reality .

The men's house was the center of tribal society, the place where 
youth was tried, trained, and taught the secret lore of the race.  
Its rites were crude - often, no doubt, cruel - as all things were in 
the beginning; but their intent was to test men before intrusting to 
them treasures which had cost so much and must not be lost.  Always 
the crowning rite of initiation was a drama of the immortal life, 
revealing man undefeated by death, keeping his hidden treasure - by 
virtue of that in him which has never accepted utter identity with 
outward force and fact.

Ages later, by the same mystic insight, the art of initiation was 
linked with the art of building.  Back of this blending of two arts 
lay the truth that the life of man must reproduce the law and order 
of the world in which he lives.  So every Temple became a symbol of 
the world - its floor the earth, its roof the heavens; and every 
ritual repeated the life and death of man - showing the passage of 
the soul through nature to Eternity.  How impressive it is uniting a 
truth so old that it is easily overlooked and an insight so simple 
that men forget its sublimity.

If not by direct historical descent, at least by spiritual affinity 
the same truth and insight are united in the moral art of Masonry, in 
which the Lodge is a symbol of the world and the ritual the drama of 
the life of man.  Such an insight is as valid today as it was ages 
ago, though our idea of the shape of the world - no longer a cube, 
but a globe - has altered; since its normal order abides, and man 
must learn to live in harmony with it, building upon the Will of God 
by His help and in His name.

The world is a Lodge in which man is to learn the Brotherly Life.  So 
Masonry reads the mystery of the world and finds its purpose, its 
design, its prophecy.  It is a simple faith, a profound philosophy, 
and a practical way of life.  How to live is the one matter, and he 
will wander far without learning a better way than is shown us in the 
Lodge.  Still less may one hope to find an atmosphere more gentle for 
the growth of the best things, or a wiser method of teaching the 
truth by which man is inspired and edified.

In the days of Operative Masonry, a Lodge was a hut or a shed, of a 
temporary kind, near the place where the work was carried on.  It was 
variously used as an office, a storeroom, or a place where the 
workmen ate and slept together, as we read in the Fabric Rolls of New 
York Minister, in orders issued to the Craft in 1352.  Not 
unnaturally, in time the name of the room came to describe the 
associations and meetings of the men using the Lodge Room; and they 
were called the Lodge.  Hence, our habit of speaking of the 
Fraternity itself as a Lodge, and so it is, since in its symbolic 
world men are built together in love. 

At one time the Tracing Board, as it is called in England, was known 
as the "Lodge;" as when Preston tells how "The Grand Master," 
attended by his officers, form themselves in order round the Lodge, 
which is placed in the center, covered with white satin."  Again, in 
the Book of Constitutions, 1784, we read of "Four Tylers carrying the 
Lodge covered with white satin;" as if it were a mystic Ark of the 
Covenant, as used in certain Masonic ceremonies.  Such a use of the 
word has passed away, or well nigh so, along with the practice.
For us the Lodge is the world, and some trace the word Lodge back to 
the Sanskrit word "Loga," meaning the world.  However that may be, 
manifestly it goes back to the days when men thought the world was 
square, and to live "On the Square" meant to be at one with the order 
of the world.  Also, since the Lodge is "The Place where Masons 
Work," its form, position, dimension, covering and support are 
likewise symbolical of the conditions in which man lives, going forth 
to his labor until in the evening, and the night cometh when no man 
can work.  As Goethe put it in his poem:

The Mason's ways are
A Type of Existence,
And his persistence
Is as the days are
Of men in this world.

By the same token, if the Lodge is the world, so initiation is a 
symbol of our birth into it.  But it is only an analogy, and may be 
pressed too far, as is often done, leaving it cloudy with ideas which 
have no place in it.  For the Masonic initiation is a symbol of our 
birth out of the dim sense life into a world of moral values and 
spiritual vision; out of the animal into the angel.  Not to see that 
it is a moral and spiritual birth, in which the hoodwinks of the 
flesh are removed, is to miss both its meaning and its beauty.

Back of the art and practice of initiation, in the olden time, lay a 
profound idea, never better told than in the Hymn of the Soul in an 
old book called the "Acts of Thomas."  The story is told by the Soul 
itself, of its descent from the house of its Father, to Egypt to 
fetch a Pearl away.  Before it left its heavenly home, its White Robe 
and Scarlet Tunic were removed, and it went naked into a far country 
in quest of a Pearl of great price, to find which all else might well 
be given up.

In Egypt the Soul eats of the food of the land, forgets its Father 
and serves the King of Egypt - forgets the Pearl, as if overcome by a 
deep sleep.  But a Letter is sent to it by its Father, bidding it 
remember that it is the son of a King, and to call to mind the Pearl 
and the White Robe left above.  The Letter flies in the likeness of 
an eagle.  The Soul awakes, seizes the Pearl, strips off its filthy, 
unclean dress, and sets off eastward and homeward, guided by the 
light of the Letter, from Egypt, past Babylon to Maisham on the sea.

There the Soul meets the White Robe, and because it only dimly 
remembered its fashion - for in its childhood it had left the Robe in 
its Father's House - the Robe became a mirror of the Soul.  "All over 
it the instincts of knowledge were working."  The White Robe speaks 
and tells how it grew as the Soul grew, and then of itself it invests 
the Soul with that of which it had been divested - a perfect fit - 
and the Soul returns to its Home, like the Prodigal Son in the 
parable of Jesus.  Thus our initiation is a return of the Soul, along 
a dim, hard path, led by a Shining Letter hung up in the Lodge; the 
discovery by man of who he is, whence he came, and whose son he is.

So understood, the ritual of initiation is a drama of the Eternal 
Life of man, of the awakening of the Soul and the building of 
character.  For character is built of thoughts, and by thought, and 
the Lodge offers both a place of quiet and purity and a method by 
which the work may be carried on, isolated from the confusions of the 
ordinary life.  Sect and party, creed and strife are excluded.  Not 
out of the world, but separate from it, "close tyled," in a chamber 
of moral imagery, and in the fellowship of men seeking the good life, 
we may learn what life is and how to live it.

Outside, angry passion and mad ambition fill the earth with their 
cries.  At the door of the Lodge, vice, hate, envy and the evil that 
work such havoc are left behind.  Inside, the Faith that makes us men 
is taught by old and simple symbols, and the Moral Life becomes as 
real and vivid as it is lovely.  Where, in all the world, is there 
another such shrine of peace and beauty where men of all ranks , 
creeds and conditions are drawn together, as brothers of one mystic 
tie, dedicated and devoted to the best life!

Here, in the Lodge, in a world of the ideal made real, we meet upon 
the Level and part upon the Square, sons of one Father, brothers in 
one family, united by oath and insight and a Love which is Pearl of 
great value, seeking a truth that makes is fraternal.  Outside the 
home of the House of God there is nothing finer than this old, far 
embracing Lodge of ennobled humanity.

No hammer fell, nor ponderous axes rung, Like some tall palm the 
mystic fabric sprung.

"SO MOTE IT BE"


