SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.VIII   May, 1930   No.5

THE CANDIDATE

by: Unknown

Freemasonry first asks questions of the candidate for initiation, 
then questions about him.
A lodge must be satisfied as to five important matters; a 
petitioner’s motive for applying for the degrees; his physical being; 
his mental equipment; his moral character and his political status, 
using the word in its non-partisan sense.
It is highly important that Freemasons understand that a man’s 
motives for petitioning a lodge are proper, otherwise we cannot guard 
our West Gate from invasion by those who will not, because they 
cannot, become good Master Masons.
A man must ask for “Light, of his own free will and accord.”  Not 
only must he so declare in his petition, but nine times during his 
initiation he must repeat the statement.  Here grow the roots of that 
unwritten but universally understood prohibition - no Mason must ask 
his friend to join the Order.
It is easy to persuade a friend to “join something.”  
We enjoy our country club - we would enjoy it more if our friend was 
a member.  We put an application before him and persuade him to sign 
it; quite right and proper.  We belong, perhaps, to a debating club 
or an amateur theatrical society, or a Board of Trade or a luncheon 
club.  Enjoying these activities, we desire our friend also to have 
these pleasure so we ask him to become one of our circle.
An entirely proper procedure in such organizations but it is a wholly 
improper course in Masonry.  Unless a man petitions the Fraternity 
impelled by something within himself, he must state an untruth nine 
times in his initiation.  Unless he is first prepared “in his heart” 
and not in his mind, he can never grasp the simple but sublime 
essentials of brotherhood.  To ask our friend to petition our lodge, 
then, is to do him not a favor but an injury.
In most Jurisdictions a petitioner is required seriously to declare 
upon his honor, not only that he comes of his own free will and 
accord, but uninfluenced by any hope of financial gain.  There are 
men who want to become Freemasons because they believe that the wider 
acquaintance and the friends made in the lodge will be “good for 
business.”  So do men join the church or a bible class because they 
believe they can sell their goods to their fellow members.  But the 
man who desires to become a member of a church that he may sell it a 
new carpet will hardly be an asset to the house of God; he who would 
become a Freemason in order to get the trade of his fellow lodge 
members will hardly be in a frame of mind either sincerely to promise 
brotherhood or faithfully to live up to its obligations.  Hence 
Freemasonry’s need to obtain the most solemn declaration possible of 
the secret intentions, the real motives, the hidden desires of those 
who would join our Mystic Circle.
The “Doctrine of the Perfect Youth” is perennially a matter for 
discussion in Grand Lodges.  The origin of the requirement that a man 
be perfect in all his limbs and parts goes back to the days before 
written history of the Craft.  Mackey states that the first written 
law on the subject is found in the fifth article of the Old York or 
Gothic Constitutions adopted at York in A.D. 926:
“A Candidate must be without blemish and have full and proper use of 
his limbs; for a maimed man can do the Craft  no good.”
This requirement has been repeated, and again repeated at various 
times in many different forms; in the “Ancient Charges at Making” 
(1686) and in the “Constitutions of 1722-23” which put into print the 
customs and enactments of the Mother Grand Lodge in 1717.
The same Masonic authority makes the 18th Landmark read:
“Certain qualifications of a candidate for initiation are derived 
from a Landmark of the Order.  These qualifications are; that he 
shall be a man - shall be unmutilated - free born and of mature age.  
That is to say, a woman, a cripple or a slave, or one born in 
slavery, is disqualified for initiation into the rites of Masonry.”
Just how strictly this law should be interpreted is a moot question, 
and different Jurisdictions rule in different ways upon it.  In no 
Jurisdiction, for instance, is a man considered to be ineligible 
because he wears glasses, or has a gold tooth!  In most Jurisdictions 
he must be “perfect” with two arms, two legs, to hands and two feet.  
In some Jurisdictions, if he can conform to the requirements of the 
degrees, he may lack one or more fingers not vital to the tokens; in 
other he may not.
The foundation of the doctrine was an operative requirement; 
obviously a maimed man could not do as “good work, true work, square 
work” as the able-bodied man.  The requirement has been carried over 
in Speculative Masonry.  Its greatest importance today is less in the 
need for physical strength and mobility than in undoubted fact that 
if we materially alter this Ancient Landmark, these old “usages and 
customs,” then we can alter others; admit women, elect by a majority 
vote, dispense with the Tiler and hold our meetings in the public 
square!  Physical qualifications have a further importance of a 
practical nature; other things being equal, the maimed man and the 
cripple are more apt to become charges upon the lodge than the strong 
and whole.  Finally, the weak and feeble of body cannot offer to 
their brethren that same assistance in danger which the able-bodied 
may give.
Inspired by patriotism some Jurisdictions have relaxed the severity 
of their physical requirements in favor of soldiers who have suffered 
in behalf of their country.  Into the argument pro and con as to the 
expedience of such relaxations this Bulletin can not go.  Suffice it 
here that the lodge to which an applicant applies should be 
meticulously careful to see that the candidate conforms literally to 
the requirements as laid down by the Grand Lodge.
It is hardly necessary to say that the petition of a woman cannot be 
entertained under any circumstances whatsoever, nor need the reasons 
for it to be discussed here.
The mental qualifications required of a candidate are dictated more 
by the desires of the individual lodges than by any stated law.  Many 
Jurisdictions have ruled that a man who cannot read is not an 
eligible petitioner, for the good and sufficient reason that he who 
cannot read cannot search the Great Light, nor discover for himself 
the by-laws of his lodge, the constitution of the Grand Lodge, or the 
Old Charges and ancient Constitutions.
The ability to read and write, however, important though it is, does 
not make a man educated!  Nothing is said in our Ritual about the 
need of an education prior to becoming a Mason, but by implication a 
man is supposed to have sufficient educational background to be able 
to study the seven liberal arts and sciences.  “Sufficient education” 
is a very broad phrase and may include all sorts of men, of all sorts 
of education, as, indeed, it does.  A man may not know the 
multiplication table, murder the King’s English, and believe geometry 
is something to eat; and yet be a hard-working, true-hearted, single-
minded brother to his brethren.  But it will hardly be doubted that 
if all Freemasons were of such limited educational equipment the 
Order would perish from the earth from the lack of appreciation of 
what it is, where it came from, and whither is it going!
First the friend who presents the petition; next the committee 
appointed to investigate; and finally the lodge must be the judge of 
what constitutes  “sufficient mental equipment” to enable a man to 
become a good member of the lodge.
A few ritualistic lions are in the path.  He who is silly, is 
childish, in his dotage, who is insane, is known to be a fool - may 
not legally receive the degrees.  It is to be noted that “dotage” is 
not a matter of years but of the effect of years.  A man of four 
score, in full possession of his mental faculties is not in his 
dotage.  Premature senility may attack a man in his fifties; he may 
truly be in his “dotage.”  Similarly, a “fool” does not mean, 
Masonically, a man without what we consider good judgment.  “Jones 
was a fool to go into that stock” - “He is foolish to try to build 
that house” - What a fool he is to sell his store now” - do not 
really express belief that the man is a “fool” in the Masonic sense, 
merely that in these particular cases he acts as we think a fool 
would act.
Masonically, a man is a “fool” who suffers from arrested mental 
development.  He is not mad, neither is he in his dotage, but he 
lacks the ordinary mental equipment and judgment ability of the rest 
of humanity.  Such a one, of course, is ineligible to receive the 
degrees, since he can neither comprehend not live up to their 
teachings.
The moral qualifications a petitioner should possess are fully 
understood by all.  The petitioner must express his belief in Deity.  
No atheist can be made a Mason.  He must be “under the tongue of good 
report” - i.e., have a good reputation in his community.  He must 
“obey the moral law.”  But just how much is included in this phrase 
is an open question.
While a “moral man” may be hard to define, he is easy to recognize.  
Committees seldom have much trouble in ascertaining that a man 
“morally fit” to become a Mason is, indeed, so.  The contrary is not 
always true - moral unfitness often masquerades under the appearance 
of virtue - hence the need for the competent committee.
In some Jurisdictions a separate ballot is taken on the candidate for 
the second and third degrees, to test his “moral fitness,” but 
usually the ballot which elects a petitioner to the degrees is 
considered to express the opinion of the membership on all his 
qualifications at once.
The applicant for the degrees must be “of mature and discreet age’ 
(from the Old Charges).  In this country that is the legal majority.  
In some foreign Jurisdictions it varies from eighteen, for a “lewis” 
or son of a Mason, to twenty-five.
Our requirement of legal age is dictated not only by the fact that 
Masonry is for men, and a youth does not become a man until he is 
twenty-one; but because to be made a Mason in the United States a man 
must be a citizen, and citizenship, in its real sense, is not held by 
minors.
Our political requirements are most explicit upon the question of 
being free born.  Many have erroneously thought that such 
qualification was “read into” the body of Masonry to keep out men of 
the colored race.  Unquestionably “free born” means not only not born 
a slave, but not born of parents who have been slaves, or whose 
forebears were slaves.  Thus “free born” does bar men of African 
descent in this country from becoming a Mason.
But the provision was an integral part of Masonic law long before 
Africans were imported into this country - see the statute from the 
Old York Constitution already quoted.  The custom even goes further 
into antiquity.  In the ancient Mysteries of Greece and Rome, from 
which Masonry derives something of its form, similar law prevailed.  
No man born a slave, or made a slave, even if freed (manumitted) 
could be initiated.
It is practically a universal requirement that the candidate be a 
resident of the Jurisdiction to which he applies for a period of one 
year prior to making the application.  A man who has not resided for 
a reasonable period in one place cannot have demonstrated to his 
neighbors the kind of man that he really is.  A committee is 
handicapped in making an investigation of a man who is not among 
friends and neighbors.  Grand Lodges are usually very strict about 
this; but Grand Masters occasionally, upon a very good reason being 
shown, grant dispensations to shorten the statutory period.  A man 
who has resided in a Jurisdiction for ten months, let us say, is 
ordered to Japan for three years.  He desires to become a Mason 
before he departs.  If he is satisfied that the applicant can show 
the committee his moral worth, a Grand Master may permit him to make 
application and receive the degrees before he departs.  During the 
war, when all requirements seemed of less than the usual importance 
when seen in the fierce white light of patriotism; length of 
residence in a Jurisdiction was sometimes lost sight of.
A man considered worthy to have his petition placed before a Masonic 
lodge has much to recommend him.  If the committee has done its work 
well, and, if on the strength of that report the lodge elects him. he 
may well feel that an important seal has been placed upon his 
reputation and character.  That some committees do their work ill is 
evidenced by the occasional failures of brethren to walk uprightly.  
That the vast majority of committees are intelligent and faithful is 
proven by the reputation of the Fraternity and the undoubted fact 
that a man known to be a Master Mason is almost universally 
considered to be a good man and true!


