SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.IV   September, 1926   No.9

RED

by: Unknown

Often we read in the newspapers of what "The Reds" are doing in far 
off Russia.  Or we turn the page and find an item telling how they 
helped, or tried to help in the English general strike.  At that we 
prick up our ears, but soon lay the paper aside with a feeling of 
relief that it is all remote from our country, and that we are safe 
from any such evil.

Down in our hearts we may feel that in old, decaying societies we may 
expect to find maggots working, but nothing of the kind can infest 
the strong, healthy body of a new, growing nation.  Our America is so 
vast, so prosperous, so sound that it is immune from such an insane 
infection.  So in the main, it is, thank God.  But are we so sure 
that none of the virus's of anarchy, communism or other distemper's 
are not at work in America? 

The facts are amazing, and The Masonic Service Association proposes 
to give them to the Craft - just plain facts without any coloring 
other than their own.  They will tell their own story; no rhetoric is 
needed.  Alas, they cannot be told in a brief space, but a few facts 
may be recited to show what is going on and how artfully the poison 
is being injected into our nation.  Others will come later.

Of course the "Reds" do not often work openly in America; it is not 
safe or good for their health.  They do sometimes, as will soon 
appear, prefer to do their job secretly and by stealth, and one is 
bound to admire their cleverness.  It is uncanny at times, and makes 
good folk of altruistic  spirit its unconscious dupes.  as the Bible 
puts it, their cunning deceives "The Very Elect."

For example, every sane man hates war.  Especially every Christian 
man hates it, because it is the crucifixion of his faith and all of 
his ideals.  The horrors of the great world conflict made this hatred 
of war vivid and burning in the hearts of all men.  The Reds know how 
to make use of this feeling for their own ends.  Every Red is an 
ardent advocate of disarmament- for others.  They are all innocent 
pacifists - on the surface.  They are members, if not the leaders, in 
all the pacifists societies, of which we have many.  Why?  They want 
the world disarmed - so they can do their work and make a clean job 
of it.

So, naturally, the man of God in the pulpit is often an unconscious 
helper of his Red enemies.  He is sincere, they are not.  They use 
his noble sentiment to serve their purposes.  If he is a fiery 
pacifist it is more to their liking.  Next to the Church they invade 
the schools.  They are back of the movement to "Denature" our school 
books, and belittle or besmirch the heroes of our history.  They call 
it "debunking the fathers," and the phrase makes a hit.

All this time this boring from within goes on, secretly, cleverly; 
using every art and device of propaganda, now so highly developed.  
They make fine phrases and put them in the mouths of thoughtless 
speakers, who keep them going automatically,  They know the value of 
a crisp, striking epigram which cuts both ways.

Take a single instance.  A notorious Red, speaking on the Fourth of 
July - of all days - cracking the clever epigram, in referring to the 
Fathers of our Nation;  "The anarchists of yesterday are the patriots 
of today."  The crowd swallowed it - failing to see that he meant 
that Washington, Jefferson and Franklin were anarchists.  So it goes, 
unscrupulous men making a toy of our thoughtlessness.

But enough generalities; now for some plain facts.  In the hearings 
before the Committee on Immigration and Naturalization of Congress, 
during the present year, one witness was asked by the Chairman":
"You think that an alien has a perfect right to come here and get 
into a labor strike, preach communism all he wants to, and advocate 
the overthrow of government?"
Reply: - "Yes!"

"Did I understand you to say that an alien has the right to preach 
the overthrow of government, and anarchy?" asked the chairman.
Reply: - "Yes!"

"Do you believe a citizen has that right?"

Reply: - "Yes!"

Along with this let us recall the meeting of the "Young Pioneer's 
League," held in Philadelphia, under the shadow of Independence Hall.   
Delegates from six states attended, and the headquarters from which 
literature was sent forth was the "Young Worker's - Friends of Soviet 
Russia."  For two days young foreigners - most of them - trained in 
our schools, denounced the Republic, derided the President, hissed 
the Flag, and laid plans to propagate their ideas "In Our Schools!"
Indeed, the Flag of the United States of America was not allowed in 
the room!  In its place hung the red Flag of the "International" and 
under it pictures of Lenin and Trotsky.  Fiery speeches were made, 
denouncing the Army, Navy, the Constitution and Law, Exhibiting an 
astonishing familiarity with the writings of Marx - in the year of 
the 150th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence!  One 
speaker, incidentally, spoke of Deity; using the phrase:

"The Goodness of God."
"Yes, He's Good For Nothing," the audience shouted with roars of 
laughter, and the speaker apologized for his mistake.

Each member call the others "Comrade," and all advocated what they 
called "The Bolshevization of America." The public schools were held 
up to scorn.  Even grammar came in for stern criticism as "A System 
of Rules Designed to Drug The Mind and Keep It From Thinking."  The 
question before the house was whether they should carry on their 
campaign in the schools.  Some thought it sneaking to do so, but it 
was finally agreed that the end justifies the means:

"The only Education worth while is the education of Marx and Lenin."
"Get your education from the literature of the Workers."
"No, we've got to learn about the capitalist system from the 
capitalists themselves."

"If we stay in the schools we can do more for the cause."
"It is the school principal and the teachers who are sneaks."

These and similar bits were caught from the debate, and all were 
reported in the public press - we give only what is of record.  The 
women wore red dresses, the men and boys red ties.  They sang "The 
Scarlet Banner" and "The Red Flag" and made a parody on "The Star 
Spangled Banner."  Glibly they rolled off their tongues, in good, 
unaccented English, words like "Soviet," "Strikers," "Communism," 
"The Dictatorship of the Proletariat," and others of a sort.

Hardly a single delegate to the meeting was over twenty years of age.  
Nearly all wore foreign names.  They were often hilarious in their 
glee, singing other songs than the ones already named - these being 
the sacred songs of the League, sung with earnestness and solemnity.  
Among such songs was one having the following chorus:

Hurrah!  Hurrah! We're going to paint her Read!  Hurrah!  Hurrah! 
the way is clear ahead - We're gaining shop democracy and liberty 
and bread/ With one big Industrial Union!

So much for the meeting.  If it be said that it was only an assembly 
of foolish youths, "Blowing Off Steam" - so be it.  But such steam is 
hardly the kind with which to run a Republic.  As a fact it is only 
one of many such meetings that go on all the time in our great 
cities.  The present writer has attended a number of equally wild 
ones in New York, at which ribald words were sung to Church Hymns, 
ridiculing God, Home, Church and the Republic.

Again it may be contended that the Communists in America are but few 
in number, not enough to endanger the nation.  Besides, it may be 
argued, they would like the publicity of Martyrdom, and are actually 
itching to get in the spot light.  No doubt; but all the same the 
facts ought to be well known in every Masonic Lodge in the land, that 
the Craft may Govern itself accordingly.  Our  business is to find 
the facts and report them to the Fraternity for its information, not 
as alarmists but in the coolest spirit and the plainest words.

In the old days the Masonic forefathers were alert and vigilant in 
watching the nooks and corners for secret foes of the nation.  We 
must not be less so in our day, when more dangers than we realize are 
afoot.  The Soviets of Russia regard America as their greatest enemy, 
and, thank God, it is.  With Europe slowly sinking into despair and 
ruin, as it seems to be doing now, America may be the only bulwark 
left to defend Liberty under Law.  

Any man who can see straight knows that we live in terrible times, 
when any thing may happen.  If America fails in her faith - fails to 
train men to rule themselves and the serve their fellow men - so far 
as we can see civilization is doomed.  Every Lodge must be an Altar 
of light, kept brightly burning to show the path.  Too much is a 
stake - we cannot take a chance or trust to luck, much less be idle 
when evil is busy.


