SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.III   December, 1925    No.12

CRADLE AND THE LODGE

by: Unknown

Once again the march of the days has brought us near to the day of 
all the year that is the best - Christmas Day, with its gentleness, 
its joy and its good will.  We have National Holidays of deep 
historic meaning and beauty; but Christmas is a day in the calendar 
of humanity - a day dedicated to childhood and the home.

Only one other day can compete with Christmas in our regard, and that 
is Easter, with its "Song Of Those Who Answer Not, However We May 
Call;" and being days of Faith, they are both days of hope and 
forward-looking thoughts.  If Easter teaches us hope in the life to 
come, Christmas asks us to hope for the life that now is.  How 
fitting it is that we have a festival of the dawn of life linked in 
our faith with the Easter hope at sunset.

The hope of the world is the child.  Here the everlasting enterprise 
of education finds its reason and sanction.  The child holds in his 
chubby hand the future of the race, our hope of social beauty and 
human welfare.  He is the custodian of whatever of truth and worth we 
may bequeath to the times to come; the window in which, at sunset, we 
see the morning light of a new day.  In him we live again, if in now 
other way - save in the memory of God, who does not forget.  He is 
our earthly immortality.

No man does more to bring the Kingdom of Heaven to earth than he who 
takes care that child is born in purity and honor.  A child nobly and 
sweetly born will not need to be born again, unless some killing sin 
slay him by the way.  No wonder the greatest religion in the world 
makes a cradle its shrine, and finds in the heart of a little child 
its revelation of God and its hope for man.

What unaccountable blessings came to the world with the birth of one 
little child, born of poor parents in an obscure nook in a small 
country long ago, and who, without sword or pen, divided the history 
of man into before and after.  What strange power of influence lay 
sleeping in that Manger-Cradle, to be set free in a short life, which 
has changed the moral and spiritual climate of the earth.  There 
shone a light that can never fail, revealing the Spirit of God and 
the meaning of life, making mother and child forever sacred, and 
softening the hard heart of the world.  It is a scene to sanctify the 
world, so heavenly yet so homey, and it has done more than any other 
one influence to purify the life of man.

No man of us - whatever his religion - but is touched to tenderness 
by that picture of a Child, a Mother hovering near, a Father in the 
background, and a Star standing sentinel in the sky.  Before that day 
the order was Father, Mother, Child - now it is Child, Mother, 
Father.  Such power one Child had to alter the old order of the 
world.  They are indeed wise men who follow such a starry truth and 
bow at such a shrine, linking a far-off wandering star with the 
Cradle of a little Child.

For Christmas is both a fact and a symbol.  It is the greatest fact 
of history and the symbol of the deepest truth man can know on earth.  
It tells of a time when the idea of God was born anew in the mind of 
man.  Think how you will about the Babe in the Manger, debate as you 
like about the facts of his life, it is a fact that since Jesus lived 
God has been nearer to the life of man, more real and more lovable.  
The Christmas scene shows us that God is not off up in the sky, but 
near by, even in our hearts if we are wise enough to make room for 
him.

If we open the Book of the Holy Law we learn in the Old Testament 
that man lives in God, who is the home of the soul from generation to 
generation.  It is a profound truth.  It makes the world homelike.  

It unites us as a family under the shelter of a Divine Love.  In the 
New Testament we learn that God lives in man, and that is the 
greatest discovery man has ever made.  For unless there is something 
of God in man - in every man - we can not find God, much less know 
him.  The revelation of God in humanity is the basis of all democracy 
worthy of the name, and the only hope of brotherhood among men.
No wonder Christmas is a day of music and joy.  It brings heaven and 
earth together, and teaches us that no hope of the human heart is to 
high, no faith too holy to be fulfilled by the love that moves the 
sun and the stars.  God in man - here is the secret of all our hope 
for the better day to be when men will no longer make war, but will 
live in fraternity and good will.  Unless the Divine dwells in man 
there is no strand strong enough to hold against the dark forces 
which fight against peace.  God in man - here is the mystic tie by 
which man is bound to man in bonds of mutual need and service and 
hope.

So we begin to see what the cradle has to do with the Lodge. 
Indeed, as all the wise teachers of the Craft agree, the Lodge is a 
Cradle and initiation is birth, by which man makes his advent into a 
new world.  The Cable-Tow, by which we may be detained or removed 
should we be unworthy or unwilling to advance, is like the cord which 
joins a child to its mother at birth.  Nor it is removed until, by a 
voluntary act, we assume the obligations of a man, a new unseen tie 
is woven in our hearts.  Henceforth we are united by an invisible 
bond to the service of the race.

In the First Degree we are symbolically born out of darkness into the 
light of moral truth and duty, out of a merely physical into a 
spiritual world.  Symbolically we enter into a new environment, as 
the child does at birth, with a new body of motive and law, taking 
vows to live by the highest standard of values.  In other words, an 
Entered Apprentice discovers his own Divinity - learns who he is, why 
he is here, and what he is here to do.  No secret that science can 
uncover is half so thrilling.  Finding a new star out on the edge of 
the sky is nothing alongside the discovery of God in the soul. 

In the same way, in the Third Degree, we are symbolically initiated 
into an eternal life in time.  Actually we pass through death and 
beyond it while yet walking upon the earth!  God is here within us, 
eternity is now, and death is only the shadow of life - such is the 
secret of Masonry.  Once a man really discovers it, and governs 
himself accordingly, he is a free man - erect, unafraid, happy. Thus 
Masonry, in its own way, teaches the truth of Christmas and Easter 
Day; and deeper truth, it is not given us to know or imagine.  It 
lights up the world with joy, and changes even dull death into a last 
enchantment. 

God in man, the soul of man a Cradle of the Eternal Love - what 
higher truth has man ever dreamed!  By the same token, the hope of 
the world, and of each of us, lies in the birth and growth of the 
Divine in man - in your life and mine - refining lust into love, and 
greed into goodness.  Also, since we have the same spark of Divinity 
within us, and the same starry ideals above us - even as we are made 
of the same dust, and know the same dogs of passion at our heals - it 
behooves us to love one another, to seek to know, to understand and 
to help our fellow man. For here, in truth, is the basis and prophecy 
of brotherhood.

God be thanked for a Truth so Divine that it lends dignity to our 
fleeting days - for a day of poetry in the midst of gray days of 
prose.  On that day we work and plan that the child may have his toy, 
and the friend his token of our love; and, forgetting ourselves, we 
learn that our life on other days is but a muddled memory of what it 
ought to be.  On one day, at least, we seek out the poor, the sick, 
the weary and the world-broken; and find in service a joy we know not 
in selfishness.

Blessed Christmas Day - symbol of the eternal Child and the "Cradle 
Endlessly Rocking."  It takes us down from our towering pride and 
teaches us humility and sweet charity.  It brings us simplicity of 
faith in which we find peace.  It rebukes our bitter wisdom because 
it is unholy and unhopeful.  It brings across the years, a memory of 
days when life was stainless, and gives us hope that some time, 
somewhere, we shall find again the secret we have lost.

O Great heart of God, Once vague and lost to me,
Why do you throb with my throb tonight, Is this land Eternity?
O little heart of God, Sweet intruding stranger,
You are laughing in my human breast, A Christ Child in a manger.
Heart, dear heart of God, Beside you now I kneel,
Strong heart of faith, O heart of mine, Where God has set His 
seal.
Wild, thundering heart of God, Out of my doubt I come,
And my foolish feet with the prophet's feet, March with the 
prophet's drum.


