SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.VI   August, 1928   No.8

THE WONDER OF MASONRY

by:  Unknown

One of the Unwritten Sayings of Jesus, picked up in a rubbish heap in 
Egypt, is as follows:  "Let him that seeketh desist not from his 
quest until he hath found; and when he hath found, he shall be 
smitten with wonder; and when he hath wondered, he shall come into 
his Kingdom, and coming into his Kingdom, he shall rest."
A great English critic said that there are two impulses by which men 
are governed; the impulse of acceptance - the impulse to take for 
granted and unchallenged the facts of life as they are - and the 
impulse to confront those facts with the eyes of inquiry and wonder.  
Men are of two kinds, according as they obey one or the other of 
these two impulses.

As Watts-Dunton goes on to point out, in the latter years of the 
eighteenth century it was the impulse of acceptance that held sway; 
and it was precisely those years that made the winter of English 
poetry, when Pope and Dryden shone like stars on a frosty night.  
Then came what he has called "The Renascence of Wonder,: and we heard 
again the bird notes of spring, of Cowper and Burns, of Wordsworth 
and Coleridge, of Shelly and Keats.

In the same way, Masons may be divided into two classes: those who 
take Masonry as a matter of course, and those who confront it with 
the eyes of inquiry and wonder.  Let it be said at once, a man may be 
content - as, indeed many are - with the impulse of acceptance, and 
may live a Masonic life without reproach; but he will never feel the 
thrill of Masonry as one of the great romances of the world.

II
To some of us Masonry is more fascinating than any fairy story - a 
thing so wonderful that we can never think of it without 
astonishment.  The very existence of such an order, older than any 
living religion, in one form or another going back into a far time 
where history and legend blend, like the earth and the sky on the 
horizon, is a fact amazing beyond words.  If its real story were 
tellable, it would make other romances seem flat and tame.
Deep in the heart of man is an instinct, if we may call it such, by 
which he feels that there are truths so high and faiths so holy that 
they are not to be trusted to men unless they are trustworthy, lest 
the most precious possessions of humanity be lost or debased.  Out of 
this feeling grew the idea and practice of initiation, as we see it 
in the Men's House, and trace it through all lands and races.

No matter what forms the old initiations may take, at the heart of it 
all, somewhere, one finds the rudiments of and remsemblances to the 
great drama of the immortal life, showing that from earliest time man 
defied death and refused to let it have the last word.  How this 
instinct for initiation, if one may so describe it, linked itself 
with the art of architecture, using simple symbols to teach moral 
truths; as if to teach man that he must build up the eternal life 
within himself - how can one think of such a fact without wonder and 
a strange warming of the heart!

Yet there are brethren who seem to take it all for granted, as a 
matter of rite and rote, and nothing more.  They remind one of the 
letter of Horace Walpole written from Florence:  "I recollect the joy 
I used to propose to myself if I could but once see the Great Duke's 
Gallery:  I walk in it now with as little emotion as I should into 
St. Paul's Cathedral.  The farther I travel, the less I wonder at 
anything."

Truly, those words tell a pitiful tale of a jaded, blas‚ tourist who 
walked through ancient shrines of beauty and prayer with sealed, 
unwondering eyes.  Yet, more marvelous than any cathedral is the 
story of the Builders, out of whose faith and dream and skill the 
cathedral was born and built; and it is Masonry that tells us who the 
builders were, why and how they wrought, and how we must be builders, 
too, of a House not made with hands.

III
To name the marvels of Masonry would require many books, but two may 
be mentioned, and the first is its anonymousness.  Who made Masonry 
no one knows; when and how it was made no one has told us.  Much is 
said about the "Revival" in 1717, but back of that date lies a long 
history, only glimpses and fragments of which we glean.  Neither 
author, nor date, nor locality is attached to it.  It is a monument, 
not of an individual, but of a mighty and mysterious past - like a 
cathedral the names of whose builders are lost.  The genius that 
produced it has been forgotten in the service rendered.

Today we sit in a lodge listening to a ritual, not knowing when, or 
where, or by whom it was written.  It is a lyric fragment detached 
from time and place; it has come down to us singing its way on the 
unrelated wings of time.  Its anonyousness is a part of its power.  
It is universal; it is not of an age or a race, but of the world.  

Someone ought to write a book entitled "The Anonymous in Life," 
though is would assuredly take many volumes to tell the story of the 
wonders wrought by unknown, unnamed pilgrims of the past.
Think how much of the Bible is anonymous.  Who wrote the idyll of 
Ruth, with the color of the loveliest sky on it and the wine of the 
purest love flowing through it?  Who wrote that sublime epic of the 
desert, in which Job struggles with the mystery of undeserving 
suffering, and discovers a new dimension of faith in God?  Who wrote 
the Epistle of the Hebrews, one of the most refined and gracious 
books of the New Testament?  Origen said long ago, "No one knows but 
God."

Anonymousness takes all the egotism out of genius, gives absolute 
disinterestedness, converts the particular into the universal, and 
burdens it with a beauty and pathos, a dignity and nobility, which 
belong to humanity; as if the very soul of the race spoke to us, as 
the organ of the Infinite, instructing us, illuminating us.  What 
Goethe said is true:

But heard are the voices, Heard are the Sages, The Worlds and the 
Ages.

How much of Masonry is anonymous!  We do not know who is speaking to 
us.  Their names are lost, like autumn leaves long fallen into dust.  
Like us, they were pilgrims and had to pass on.  Yet, what a legacy 
of inspiration and instruction they left us for our guidance on the 
old-world human road.  They told us what they learned by living, 
leaving their marks on the walls and arches of the Temple; and the 
rest is silence.


