SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.IX   September, 1931   No.9

ENLIGHTENING THE PROFANE

by: Unknown

Profane - from “pro,” without “fanum,” temple.
Literally one “before,” or “outside the temple.”  In the Masonic 
sense a “profane” is one who has not been initiated.

“No, I’m not a Mason.  I’ve never been asked to join!”
How many times has this been said, usually with some indignation, in 
answer to the question, “Are you a Mason?”
It comes to some men with a shock of distinct surprise that 
Freemasonry asks no man to join her ranks.  In this refusal to 
proselyte - nay, in the distant prohibition of any proselyting - 
Freemasonry, curiously enough, joins hands with Brahminism, the 
religion of much of the Orient, which has the distinction among 
religions of attempting to make no converts.  In its refusal to seek 
membership, Freemasonry stand alone among organizations.
The reasons are dual:  First, Freemasonry, greater than any man, no 
matter how important he may be, confers honor upon her initiates.  
She is never honored by any man seeking her mysteries.  Second, it is 
an essential part of Freemasonry that a man come of “his own free 
will and accord.”  The Fraternity obligates a candidate for all time.  
“Once a Mason, always a Mason” is a truth, no matter how little 
interest the member may take, no matter if he demits, no matter if he 
be dropped N.P.D. or even expelled; he cannot “un-make” himself as a 
Mason, nor can he avoid moral responsibility for the obligations he 
has assumed.
Could any man say:  “I joined under a misapprehension, I was over 
persuaded, I was argued into membership,” he might think himself 
possessed of just such a cause and a reason for a failure to live up 
to the obligations which no longer interest him.  But no man does so 
join.  He must declare in his petition, and around a dozen times 
during the course of his progress through the degrees, that his 
application is voluntary.  Were any persuasion used upon him before 
he signed his petition, he could not truthfully state that his entry 
was “of his own free will and accord.”
This is pretty well grounded in most Freemasons.  But sometimes it 
has the untoward effect of making a Mason Chary of giving legitimate 
information about the Fraternity, properly sought for a worthy 
purpose.   It is highly improper to say to one’s friend “I wish you’d 
join my lodge, I’d like to see you enjoy the advantages of 
Freemasonry.”  It is wholly legitimate to answer a serious question 
asked by some man who is considering making an application.
Some good brethren when asked questions about Masonry by the profane 
are puzzled as to just how much they may tell.  Knowing well certain 
matters of which they must not speak, they are not always sure just 
where these end, and where begins that which may not be told.
Much more is tellable than is secret.  Literally thousands and 
multiplied thousands of books have been written on and about the 
Ancient Craft; the Aporetta, or secrets of Freemasonry, could they be 
written at all, might be compressed within a few pages.
Let us suppose then, that we are asked by a sincere man:  “Tell me 
something of Freemasonry.  I think I would like to be a Freemason, 
but I know very little about it.”
Such a query is the key which may legitimately unlock our lips about 
those outward matters concerning the Fraternity which all the world 
may know.
We may begin by assuring the questioner that Freemasonry brings as 
many duties and responsibilities as it does pleasures and rewards.  
The Freemason becomes a link in a chain; he must be as strong as the 
next link or we want him not.  He who looks to the Fraternity to 
provides all, give all, and receive nothing, should apply to some 
other organization.
It is legitimate to explain the structure of Freemasonry to a 
seriously interested questioner.  Freemasons gather together in 
lodges; local organizations chartered by, and holding existence under 
the Grand Lodge of the State in which they live and are.  A lodge 
comes into being when the Grand Master gives a dispensation to meet, 
U.D. (Under Dispensation); it becomes a “regular” lodge when its 
Charter is granted by the Grand Lodge.
It is no secret that a lodge has a Master, two Wardens, two Deacons, 
a Secretary and a Treasurer, etc.  It is not, perhaps, necessary to 
go at length into the several duties of these officers, but it may be 
wise to explain the essential difference between a Worshipful Master 
of a Lodge, and the President or other presiding officer of secular 
bodies.  A Master, once installed, may not be removed by his 
brethren, only by the Grand Master or the Grand Lodge.  Within bounds 
he is all powerful in his Lodge; not the servant of his brethren, as 
is the presiding officer of a club, but literally the “Master,” with 
power to control and limit debate, put or not put motions, open and 
close Lodge at his pleasure, call special meetings, and so on.  All 
such matters are set forth in printed books and usually in the code 
or Ahiman Rezon of the Grand Lodge.
Lodges naturally and rightly attempt to guard their West Gates 
against the entry of men who desire only to receive Masonic charity.  
For this reason it is natural to look with especially careful eyes at 
the petition of the elderly man.  When a man of mature years inquires 
regarding Freemasonry, we may well explain that while a Mason’s 
Charity is as boundless as his ability, Freemasonry. is not, per se, 
an eleemosynary institution.  It does not exist primarily for 
charitable purposes, nor is charity its greatest work.  In many 
Jurisdictions are Masonic Homes, Hospitals, Schools, Charity 
Foundations intended for unfortunate members of the Fraternity, their 
widows and orphans - sometimes their mothers and sisters.  They are 
not designed for the relief of the poor who are not members of the 
Fraternity, and those unconnected to members by blood ties.  
Therefore the man who desires to become a Mason that he may take 
advantage of its charity is turned back long before he reaches the 
West Gate.  The more an applicant appears as if he may in the future 
need help, the more carefully does the investigating committee work 
to discover the facts.
Totally misunderstanding the purpose and spirit of Freemasonry some 
men seek it for business advantages.  Freemasons naturally frown upon 
such petitions.  But scorn should not be meted out to an ignorant 
profane seeking knowledge.  A man may be a good citizen, a good 
churchman, a good businessman and yet know nothing of Freemasonry.  
If such a one, in the course of his inquiry regarding the Fraternity, 
exhibits an interest in the business advantages which may inure to 
him through membership in a lodge, it is legitimate to explain - 
courteously but with emphasis - that Freemasonry is not a Board of 
Trade, a Chamber of Commerce, a Luncheon or Commercial Club; and that 
it makes no effort to aid its members in commercial relations.  The 
man who wants to become a Freemason because he thinks Freemasonry can 
help him can never be a good Mason.  He who desires Freemasonry 
because he thinks he can help his fellows is already a Mason in his 
heart.
Other things being equal, Masons usually prefer to have business 
relations with their brethren, in the same way a man may prefer to 
buy footwear from his blood brother who is in the shoe business.  But 
no one will pay his blood brother ten dollars a pair for shoes he can 
buy for half price from a non-relative!
It is unquestionable true, and may be stated to the serious inquirer, 
that Freemasonry does play a quiet and unostentatious part in the 
business lives of its members.  But it should be emphasized that this 
is a by-product of mutual friendship and association, and the he who 
seeks Freemasonry for this alone will be bitterly disappointed.  We 
all know of popular members of our lodge who win and keep the 
business of their brethren because of their likability.  But we also 
know that this is not the result of any effort by the successful 
brother to win that which is freely given him.  The brother who 
attempts to make his lodge association a feeder for his vocation is 
invariably hit by the boomerang of an aroused antipathy which hurts 
as much as he hoped to be helped.
All this may be explained to the inquirer.  We may well quote a part 
of the Charge to an Entered Apprentice, as it is printed in most 
Jurisdictions:  “If, in the circle of your acquaintance, you find a 
person desirous of being initiated into Masonry, be particularly 
attentive not to recommend him, unless you are convinced that he will 
conform to our rules, the honor, glory and reputation of the 
Fraternity may be firmly established, and the world at large 
convinced of its good effects.”
Often a Mason is asked by a profane:  “What does Masonry stand for?  
What does it do?”
It is much more difficult to explain to one without the mystic circle 
what Masonry “does,” than what it is.  What Masonry “stands for” 
should be easy for any Freemason to explain.  We may inform the 
inquirer that the Fraternity “stands for” country, home and public 
school; for law and order; and decency; for honor, morality and 
religion; for brotherhood, relief and the inculcation of truth.
Parts of our ritual are printed in books and in monitors.  There is 
nothing secret about this; while we do not go about spouting non-
secret ritual upon all occasions; there is no reason why we should 
not and many reasons why we should, to be able to point out by such 
quotations some of the principles of Masonry.
The essential matter is to give a true picture of the Fraternity to 
all who express a desire for it.  Freemasonry is not a “secret 
society” - although it is often incorrectly so called - but a 
“society with secrets” which is quite another matter.  In a “secret 
society” the membership, existence and whereabouts is a secret.  
Freemasonry’s membership, existence or whereabouts is no secret.  Men 
proudly wear the emblems on their coats and watch chains.  Many Grand 
Lodges publish lists of their members.  Most Grand Lodges maintain 
card systems of all Masons in their Jurisdictions, so that it is 
possible to ascertain whether or not a certain John Smith is a Mason.  
Our Temples are proud buildings, well built, handsome monuments for 
all the world to see.  Our printed Proceedings are to be had in every 
library.  Newspapers carry notices of lodge matters,  A flourishing 
Masonic Press carries news of the Craft far and wide.  Obviously, we 
are not “secret” although we possess jealously guarded “secrets.”
Any profane has a natural right to know something about Masonry that 
he may decide whether it is an organization with which he wishes to 
associate. If we refrain from advertising our activities it is not 
because they are secret, but because they are private; not because 
they must not be told when there is a reason for telling them, but 
because we do not wish to persuade any man to our doors.  We want him 
to come, if he comes at all, from an inherent desire, from having 
conceived a regard for the Fraternity, from his belief that he has 
something to offer Masonry and that Masonry has something to offer 
him.
Such a man naturally asks questions of Freemasons.  
Once he has made inquiry, the door is opened and we may tell him 
much.  Let us make sure that what we tell him is less, rather than 
more than the truth.  Let us never soil our gentle Craft with horrid 
tales of goats and “buttings” of “backing down” and “third degree” 
tortures.  Let us speak up like men and Masons and say roundly that 
there is nothing in Ancient Craft Masonry which is undignified, 
humorous, funny or playful; let us assure him with solemnity that our 
ceremonies are beautiful, impressive and instructive; and that behind 
and beyond the outward form of the degrees is a spiritual truth, a 
body of inner knowledge, an arena of wisdom which benefits any man 
who receives it, and in direct proportion to his ability to see 
behind the symbol to the reality.	
Let us minimize the pleasures, and stress the duties when talking to 
a profane who wishes to learn of our lodges and their work.  True, 
the “innocent mirth” of Freemasonry, to quote the “Old Charge,” is of 
interest and value to us all.  Many a lodge is not only a center of 
union but a center of social intercourse in its home town.  Its 
amusements and entertainments may be, and often are, of real value to 
the community.  But a lodge does not exist merely to entertain and to 
amuse; in talking to the profane inquirer, let us lay less emphasis 
on the by-products of play, and draw his attention more to the 
serious and worthwhile sides of lodge life; charity, instruction, 
fellowship, mutual trust and dependence; religion without bias or 
doctrine - in other words, brotherhood.
So shall we give an intelligent and Masonic answer to an intelligent 
and Masonic question, and, perhaps, lay the foundation on which the 
bridge will be built over which a new initiate may walk from the 
North of darkness into the East of Masonic Light!


