SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.VII   March, 1929   No.3

LANGUAGE OF THE HEART

by:  Carl H. Claudy

Chapter I of "Foreign Countries," a delightful and inspiring study of 
Masonic Symbolism, written for and published by the Masonic Service 
Association of the United States.

FREEMASONRY TEACHES BY SYMBOLS!

Why?  Why does she veil in allegory and conceal in an object or 
picture a meaning quite different from its name?  

Why should Freemasonry express Immortality with Acacia, Brotherly 
Love with a Trowel, the World by a Lodge and Right Living by a 
Mason's

That Freemasonry conceals in symbols in order to arouse curiosity to 
know their meaning is often considered the only explanation.  But 
there are many more lofty ideas of why this great system of truth, 
philosophy and ethics is hidden in symbols.

It is hardly a matter of argument that man has a triple nature; he 
has a body and senses which bring him into contact with and translate 
the meanings of the physical world of earth, air, fire and water 
which is about him.  He has a brain and a mind by which he reasons 
and understands about the matters physical with which he is 
surrounded.  And he has a Something Beyond; call it Soul, Heart, 
Spirit or imagination, as you will; it is something which is allied 
to, rather than a part of reason, and connected with the physical 
side of life only through its sensory contacts.

This soul, or spirit, comprehends a language which the brain does not 
understand.  The keenest minds have striven without success to make 
this mystic language plain to reason.  When you hear music which 
brings tears to your eyes and grief or joy to your heart, you respond 
to a language your brain does not understand and cannot explain.  It 
is not with your brain that you love your mother, your child or your 
wife; it is with the Something Beyond; and the language with which 
that love is spoken is not the language of the tongue.

A symbol is a word in that language.  Translate that symbol into 
words which appeal only to the mind, and the spirit of the meaning is 
lost.  Words appeal to the mind; meanings not expressed in words 
appeal to the spirit.

All that there is in Freemasonry, which can be set down in words on a 
page, leaves out completely the Spirit of the Order,  If we depend 
upon words or ideas alone, the Fraternity would not make a universal 
appeal to all men, since no man has it given to him to appeal to 
minds of all other men.  But Freemasonry expresses truths which are 
universal; it expresses them in a universal language, universally 
understood by all men without words.  That language is the language 
of the symbol, and the symbol is universally understood because it is 
the means of communication between spirit, souls and hearts.

When we say of Masonry that it is universal we mean the word 
literally; it is of the universe, not merely of the world.  If it 
were possible for an inhabitant of Mars to make and use a telescope 
which would enable him to plainly see a square mile of the surface of 
the earth, and if we knew it and desired to, we could draw upon that 
square mile a symbol to communicate with that inhabitant of Mars, we 
would choose, undoubtedly, one with as many meanings as possible; one 
which had a material, mental and spiritual meaning.  Such a symbol 
might be the triangle, the square or the circle.  Our supposed 
Martian might respond with a complimentary symbol; if we showed him a 
triangle he might reply with the 47th Problem.  If we showed him a 
circle he might send down 3.141659 - the number by which a diameter 
is multiplied to become the circumference.  We could find a language 
in symbols with which to begin a communication, even with all the 
universe!

Naturally then, Freemasonry employs symbols for heart to speak to 
heart.  Imagination is the heart's collection of senses.  So we must 
appeal to the imagination when speaking a truth which is neither 
mental nor physical, and the symbol is the means by which one 
imaginations speaks to another.  Nothing else will do; no words can 
be as effective (unless they are themselves symbols); no teachings 
expressed in language can be as easily learned by the heart as those 
which come via the symbol through the imagination.

Take from Masonry its symbols and you have just the husk; the kernel 
is gone.  He who hears but the words of Freemasonry misses their 
meaning entirely.  Most symbols have many interpretations.  These do 
not contradict but amplify each other.  Thus, the square is a symbol 
of perfection, rectitude of conduct,  honor, honesty and good work.  
There are all different and yet allied.  The square is not a symbol 
of wrong, evil, meanness or disease!  Ten different men may read ten 
different meanings into a square, and yet each meaning fits with and 
belongs to the other meanings.

Ten men have ten different kinds of hearts.  Not all have the same 
power of imagination.  They do not all have the same ability to 
comprehend.  So each gets from a symbol what he can.  He uses his 
imagination.  He translates to his soul as much of the truth as he is 
able to make a part of him.  This the ten cannot do with truths 
expressed in words.  "Twice two is equal to four" is a truth which 
must be accepted all at once, as a complete exposition, or not at 
all.  He who can not understand the "twice" or the "equal" or the 
"four" has no conception of what is being said.  But ten men can read 
ten progressive, different, correct and beautiful meanings into a 
trowel, and each can be right as far as he goes.  The man who sees it 
merely as an instrument which helps to bind has a part of its 
meaning.  He who finds it a link with operative Masons has another 
part.  The man who sees it as a symbol of man's relationship to 
Deity, because with it he (spiritually) does the Master's Work, has 
another meaning.  All these meanings are right; when all men know all 
the meanings the need for Freemasonry will have passed away.

We use symbols because only by them can we speak the language of the 
spirit, each to each, and because they form an elastic language, 
which each man reads for himself according to his ability.  Symbols 
form the only language which is thus elastic, and the only one by 
which spirit can be touched.  To suggest that Freemasonry use any 
other would be as revolutionary as to remove her Altars, meet in a 
Public Square or elect by majority vote.  Freemasonry without symbols 
would not be Freemasonry; it would be but a dogmatic and not very 
erudite philosophy, of which the world is full of as it is, and none 
of which ever satisfies the heart.


