SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.IV     July, 1923      No.7

MASON'S FLAG

by: Unknown

In the charge to an Entered Apprentice each of us has been told:
"In the state, you are to be a quiet and peaceful subject, true to 
your government, and just to your country; you are not to countenance 
disloyalty or rebellion, but patiently submit to the legal authority, 
and conform with cheerfulness to the government of the country in 
which you live."

The second, third and fourth charges, to which all Masters must 
assent before being permitted to assume the Oriental Chair, are as 
follows:

"You agree to be a peaceable citizen, and cheerfully to conform to 
the laws of the country in which you reside."

"You promise not to be concerned in plots and conspiracies against 
government, but patiently to submit to the law and constituted 
authorities."

"You agree to pay a proper respect to the civil magistrates; to work 
diligently, live creditably, and act honorably toward all men."
In the ninth charge an elected Master agrees: "To promote the general 
good of society, to cultivate the social virtues and propagate the 
knowledge of the Mystic Arts."

None who hear these charges need to be reminded of the assurances 
given them prior to their first obligation, regarding the allegiance 
all owe to their country.

These matters are here rehearsed that all may recall that Masonry is, 
actively and ritualistically, a supporter of established government; 
those who wish further assurances may read all the Old Charges of a 
Freemason for themselves, particularly the first; "Concerning God and 
Religion" and second, "Of the Civil Magistrate, Supreme and 
Subordinate."

A good citizen is not necessarily a Mason, but no indifferent citizen 
can possibly be a good Mason.  The unpatriotic Mason is an 
impossibility, as much so as "Dry Water, or "Black Sunlight."
One hundred and fifty years ago this month our forefathers declared 
that inasmuch as all men are created free and equal, they and their 
descendants shall always be free and independent.  they set up their 
own government, these men who brought a new idea of government into 
the world, and they fashioned that new idea of the very stuff from 
which Masonry is made;  aye, they cut the cloth of the flag from the 
garments of Freemasonry and with every stitch which put a star in its 
field of blue, they sewed in a Masonic principle of "Right, 
Toleration and Freedom of Conscience."  They declared against tyranny 
and oppression, and they pledged their all - wealth, comfort, 
position, happiness and life itself - to maintain and support this 
revolutionary declaration that men are free and have a right to 
govern themselves.  

This is neither the time nor the place to read again the inspiring 
story of the Revolutionary War, of the privations and problems of 
those early days, of the power which was Washington and the fire 
which was Jefferson.  But, in this, the anniversary month of the 
birth of this nation, all Masons may well pause for a moment in their 
busy lives to think of what Masonry teaches of citizenship and 
patriotism.

Ours is a government "of the people, by the people, and for the 
people."  All have an equal share in it; one man's vote is as big and 
as powerful as the vote of another.  But we do not always remember 
that there is no right in all the world, whether having its origin in 
God or in man, which does not bring with it a corresponding duty.  We 
have, so we proclaim, the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of 
happiness; therefore, we cannot escape the duty of seeing to it that 
our fellowmen have the same right.  In 1776 we declared that we were 
free and equal of right; we thereby assumed the duty of maintaining 
that contention before all the world; the duty of fighting for what 
we claimed, no matter whom the opponent might be.

All battles are not fought with shot and shell, and not all opponents 
of our idea of liberty wear the robes of George the Third.  We have a 
never-ending conflict with the forces of indifference, of selfishness 
and of ignorance; forces which are just as powerful and just as able 
to destroy this nation and this government as the armed force of men 
and guns which any nation or group of nations could bring against us.  
It is against these that the good citizen must always be in arms, 
these which the true Mason is always willing to fight and to conquer, 
even if it be himself he must first meet in conflict.

Any American citizen will resent with all the force of his being any 
attempt at disenfranchisement.  His vote is own; his inalienable 
right, guaranteed to him under the constitution, the very heart and 
soul of his Americanism.  But the vote is not only a guaranteed and 
inalienable right, it is a solemn duty.  If all have this right, and 
none use it, there can be no government (of the people).  If all have 
the right and only a minority use it, we have a government by the 
minority of the majority.  Then what becomes of our boast that this 
government is "By The People?"  The Mason who does not go to the 
polls and register his voice, no matter how small a part of the world 
it may be, not only gives up voluntarily the right for which hundreds 
of thousands of patriots fought, bled and died for, but dodges his 
solemn duty to the State in failing to live up to that Charge which 
admonishes him to be "True To His Government and Just To His 
Country."

Injustice was the underlying reason, the foundation stone on which 
all the other reasons rested, which caused men to rebel against the 
English King, and declare themselves independent.  Taxation without 
representation; the feeling that they were being exploited; that the 
millions of subjects of the King, loyal and true to the ideals of the 
Mother-Country as they knew themselves to be, were but pawns in a 
game in which George the Third played with human destinies for purely 
selfish reason; these were the bitter dregs of the cup held to the 
lips of the colonists, which they could not swallow.

Injustice, inhumanity, the exploitation of the weak by the strong, 
the oppression of the helpless by authority, the enslavement of men's 
bodies or their souls by force - these are anathema to Americans.  
And so our legal structure, our courts and out ideals of justice are 
all so arranged and used that every possible protection is thrown 
about a man who must stand before his fellows, accused of wrong-
doing, lest injustice be done.

At the very root of our system of justice is the jury system.  But 
what a mockery a "Jury of his Peers" often becomes!  When it is a 
mockery, it is because we, who would fight to the death under a 
waving Flag of Stars and Stripes rather than let an enemy have one 
inch of our sacred soil, often turn away from the call to jury duty 
and allow selfish pleasure, indifference and personal convenience to 
keep us from doing our share in the administration of that justice, 
to promote that for which this nation was born.

A jury-serving citizen may not be a Mason, but no real Mason who 
obeys the teachings of our great Fraternity will not let anything 
less potent and important than his duty to his family cause him to 
"Beg Off" from jury service, or try to dodge his share in the 
administration of that justice which we proclaim is "For All."
It is a proud Masonic boast that politics is not discussed in lodge 
rooms, and that Masonry is not a power politically.  But the boast is 
and should be true only when the word "Politics" and "Politically" 
are used in the narrow, partisan sense.  Masons cannot be, in their 
lodge rooms, "Republicans" or "Democrats."  But Masons can and should 
take a most earnest interest in the political activities of the 
nation as a whole and cast their votes and raise their voices for 
those moments which are for the benefit of all.

Particularly is this true of the public school system. 

The "Little Red School House," which so well served the forefathers 
of this nation, is rapidly passing; the consolidated school, the 
better city and town schools with new and better methods of 
transportation are taking its place.  But only the form of the 
building and the quality of the teaching have changed; the underlying 
idea is the same.  And for that idea Masons have always stood firm, 
and must always stand four-square.

Though our Declaration of Independence asserts that men (people) are 
created free and equal, we know that no power of government can keep 
them equal.  Different people, different minds; different people, 
different characters.  All government can do and all it should do 
towards preservation of equality is to assure equality of 
opportunity.  And that is what the public school system does, 
provides an equality of opportunity by which the high and the low, 
the rich and the poor, the clever and the stupid, may have equal 
chances to drink from the fountain of knowledge, equal chances to 
become well informed men and women, equal opportunity to rise to the 
top!

With some of our greatest leaders coming from log cabins, no one in 
all the world can say this nation does not practice what it preaches.  
The highest gift in the hands of the nation can be and has been given 
to a son of plain people, and will again.  That equality of 
opportunity today has its beginnings in our public school systems.  
The Mason who is not interested in those schools, whether or not his 
children attend them, the Mason who is not alert to prevent 
encroachments upon the system, which some organizations continually 
attempt; the Mason who is not a self-constituted watch-dog of 
juvenile freedom and the child's right to the best education that 
State can provide, has little right to wear the Square and Compasses, 
and none to answer "Well!" when in some far-off day a Great Judge 
shall ask him, "How Did Ye With Your Obligation as a Freemason?"
Over your head, and mine, waves the most beautiful Flag in all the 
world.  Its red is the red of the blood shed by selfless men, for the 
establishment and the preservation of the Union.  Its blue is the 
blue of the sky, a symbol of limitless opportunity; the blue of Blue 
Lodge Masonry, which first raised the flag aloft and whose hands have 
held it high for one hundred and fifty years.  Its White Stars and 
Stripes symbolize purity; the purity of aim, purity of ideals, purity 
of intentions and purity of purpose to sacrifice for the common good.

Let us keep the red unspotted; let us maintain the blue as loyally as 
we maintain the sacred institution under whose letter "G" we meet 
together; and let us, one and all, from the Worshipful Master in the 
East, to the youngest entered Apprentice in the Northeast Corner of 
the Lodge, keep the white unspotted, that the government "Of The 
People, By The People and For The People Shall Not Perish From The 
Earth!"


