
        DEAD SMOKING PUNX Bring You:
        IS YOUR CABLE COMPANY SCREWING YOU?

                        By: Johnny Rotten


        Recently i read an article, written by a local cable company.
        Continental Cablevision said that over One quarter of the 
        population of the San Juaquin Valley (1,000,000 est) that 
        own homes have illegal cable hookups.  
        70% of households in The Valley have Hookups. The Cable companies 
        are taking new measures against this.  Sending out patrols looking 
        for illegal lines, and hookups, etc.  This may all seem fine and
        dandy to normal upstanding dipshit citizen dick, but I have
        also taken a look recently at what the cable companies and
        networks have been up to.

        In the Last few months, many new channels have come on the air, and
        are being picked up by cable companies around the nation.  The
        new channels, most of which are made up of spanish, and or religious
        channels. The only channels i saw that i would consider watching
        were the sci fi channel and hbo2.  Yet, regardless of if you
        want the new channels, or even pay for the new premium channels
        you have to pay around 3-10 dollars extra a month just because
        the cable companies got these shitty new channels. 

        Now, i dont know about anyone else, but along with thier annual 
        (roughly) 10% increase in price, it looks to me like the
        cable companies are ripping us off.  There are alternatives.
        Fuck thier propoganda, they arent loosing anything because of
        these illegal cable hookups, they are making so much it just 
        fucking makes roll on the floor laughing, wondering what loonatics
        could do with all that cash...

        Anyway, just trying to alert anyone out there who gives a shit.
        Until Later..


                                                -rotten

        Greets & such:
        Serial Killer, Zyphril, That new guy at work i bummed smokes off
        of all day, Bloody Bastard, The IRA, Sid Vicious, Nobody, Late Night,
        The Gunn, Sexicutioner, Wolverine, Mogul, Violator, Skully Bros., 
        Dark Phiber, and everyone...





