
                             DEAD SMOKING PUNX
                                :PRESENTS:
                            DSP MINIMAG Issue 7              
                   A 'Major Busts' History of the USSS

                             By: Johnny Rotten




                                    1988


     November, The internet worm runs wild across many of the nations
     computer networks.  Shutting down an estimated 6,600 systems,
     and costing an estimated $40 to $90 million dollars.  The code, 
     written by Robert Morris Jr. was intended to go around to every node,
     and record, creating a map of the net, and report back in. But 
     due to faulty code, it ends up reproducing itself at a phenomenal 
     clip. Eating all the cyberspace in its path and closing many systems.


CRACKING 911

     December, 1988, Legion of Doom member "The Prophet" downloads a 
     Bell South document, on the administration of E-911 systems, and
     then posts it around BBS's such as Jolnet, it reaches night 
     lightening, (Craig Neidorf.  Knight posts it in his Publication
     "Phrack"..

CRACKING APPLE

     June, 1989: A group calling itself NuPrometheus Leauge releases
     bits and pieces of apple source code: The software equivilent of 
     Macintosh DNA.  NuPrometheus Promises More to come.  Apple has
     the proverbial cow. 


STRUTTING IN HARPERS

     December 1989: Harper's Magazine, hosts a virtual hackers conferance
     on 'The Well' a bbs whose members include a number of computer and
     communications industry pioneers.  Hackers and cyberpunks of all 
     stripes attend, the event is published as a Magazine Cover Story.

THE PHONE SYSTEM CRASHES

     January 15, 1990: AT&T has a spontaneous near-death experiance in
     the form of a nationwide system crash.  Somehow, a rumor circulates
     that a coven of hackers, cast the deadly spell. Though AT&T denies
     it.


THE BUSTS


     January 24, 1990: Secret Service agents raid Acid Phreak, and 
     Phiber Optik   (suspected participants of the above mentioned
     Harpers magazine Conference) Holding a gun to the head of
     Acid Phreak's 12 year old sister, and confiscating all of his
     electrical equipment, including CD'S and a telephone answering
     machine.  Though no charges are filed, Phreak & Phiber are 
     interrogated under suspision of causing the AT&T crash and of
     being Key members of the Legion of Doom. 


     Feburary 2, 1990: Secret Service agents raid Len Rose, aka Terminus.
     Rose, his wife, and child are interrogated at gunpoint, denied food,
     and use of the bathroom.  Calls to lawyers are denied, computers and
     property are confiscated.

     Feburary 7, 1990: In the by-now-familiar gestapo style, the SS raids
     Robert Riggs (The Prophet) and Franklin Darden (The Leftist) and
     Adam Grant (Necron 99) This time, an indictment charges various 
     fedral felonies, including fraud and conspiracy, including taking
     copies of proprietary software and unauthorized entry into bell 
     south computer systems, and specificly mentions Legion of Doom. 

     Feburary 15, 1990: Craig Neidorf, publisher of the electic Mag,
     Phrack is raided, charged (among other things) with publishing the
     Bell south E-911 documents. His computers, the electonic printing
     presses for his magazine, were taken, putting Phrack, out of 
     business.  Bell south claims that the e-911 doc was worth over
     $79,000

     Late Feburary, 1990: Rich Andrews, operator of Jolnet, is visited
     by the secret service.  Abdrew's crime?  Just to be on the safe
     side, he'd informed AT&T of the document that had been uploaded onto
     his system, his reward, the USSS siezed all of his computers
     and related hardware.

     March 1, 1990:  The SS Raids Steve Jacson Games and its employees.
     Jackson is the second largest game publisher (after milton bradley)
     and has published numerous fantasy role playing games.  They were
     in the process of creating the new GURPS Cyberpunk RPG.  The SS
     confiscates computers at The business, and employees homes.


MORRIS GETS WHATS COMING TO HIM

     May 4, 1990: Robert Morris Jr. is sentanced to a $10,000 fine, 
     and four hundred hours of community service for unleashing the 
     internet virus.


THE USSS GETS?

     Nothing, they are still running rampang, a plauge.




