
                              DSP-DSP-DSP-DSP
                             DEAD SMOKING PUNX
                                 PRESENTS
                               DSP - MINIMAG 
                                 ISSUE 04
                                -ALL ABOUT-
                               -APHRODISIACS-


                              bY: Johnny Rotten


  
        Historicly aphrodisia has been a subset of poisoning.  You slip 
        a substance into someones drink, they go toxic, delirious, Manic
        or itchy - and you take advantage of thier altered state.
        Misjudging the dose (as in Dream of the Red Chamber, an eighteenth
        century chinese classic) Can alter the state unto death.  Or you
        slip it into your own drink, in hopes of impressing your partner
        with your "anything that moves" frenzy.

        Intrest in aphrodisia for chemically assisted rape may have damped
        down, but the desire to experiance more desire burns on. Effective
        and non-lethal chemical assistance is still elusive.  Hot eyes
        are looking into brain chemistry.  The brain is the primary 
        sexual organ.  Particularly at the drugs that amplify the effect
        of the neurotransmitter dopamine.  Of course: Lets find those
        buttons and learn how to push them.

        L-DOPA

        L-dopa is an amino acid that the brain readily converts into 
        dopamine.  Dopimine is a neurotransmitter that is involved 
        emotion, agression and emotional turn ons.  For most people
        there is a simple equasion, : more dopamine = more libido. 

        In one L-dopa study, an eighty year old man began having 
        nocturnal emissions, and erotic dreams.  An eighty three year
        old female, began making suggestive remarks to hospital 
        staff members, and most of the men in the study. (mean age:59)
        increased thier sexual activity (WHEW!)

        DEPRENYL

        Deprenyl increses brain dopamine levels by the indirect process
        of inhibiting the enzyme which removes old dopamine from the
        synapses.  Deprenyl was origionally developed for the treatment
        of Parkinsons disease, with the aphrodisiac affect being noted
        as a "side affect".  One Particular caveat: Combining this drug
        with an average dose of amphetimine can kill you.

        BROMOCRIPTINE

        Bromocriptine stimulates dopamine release. Judging by the referances
        i found, this stuff makes rats and people hornier.  Bromocriptine,
        in older women, may reset the biological clocks, making pregnancy
        a possibility again.

        L-DOPA & BROMOCRIPTINE

        This combonation works on females as well as males.  It 
        stimulates the dopamine track in the brain.  In a bunch of old
        folk homes in europe, where they were working on the combo for 
        parkinsons patients, in thier seventies and eighties. They found
        out it had 100 percent aphrodisiac side effects.  The old ladies and 
        little old men started fucking like fiends. 


        TRY ALL THREE

        Some people experiment with combining all three of these 
        things, at various levels.  Two women admitted to having strange
        sexual pulls toword most any male.  Within the males that
        took it, they found a general increase in sexual activity in
        all of the subjects.  Warning: You may experiance nasea when
        increasing dosage of any of the drugs.


        MDA

        MDA can make you feel erotic.  The neurophysical side affects
        are similar to the neurophysical side affects of sexual arousal.
        For instance, it causes, particularly in women, water retention.
        Particularly in the breasts and buttocks.  At the same time, it makes 
        everything, especially other people, appear much more beautiful. 
        So, if your in a sexual setting, like a sex party, the results 
        can be amazing.  The first tiem i witnessed mass consumption of
        MDA at a sex party, a usualy shy women stood up and said; "there
        are six horny, hoped up women in the hot tub, and we hope there
        are some men who want to fuck us!" to lead the party off.
        That sort of behavior is not atypical with users of MDA.


        WARNING: If you experiment, you should be careful to adjust
        your dosages to avoid too much dopamine release.  For information
        on dopamine overdose, refer to Eldepryl in the Physicians Desk
        reference.



                                                -Rotten
