	Abortion is one issue where I really could give a shit less about either side. Not 
because I am ambivalent. I actually have very strong convictions against both sides. First of 
all because both sides are liars. They aren't even honest with themselves. They don't call 
themselves what they really are, Pro-Abortion and Anti-Abortion. They purposely give 
themselves unoffensive and misleading names, "Pro-Choice" and "Pro-Life". The meaning 
implied by the name Pro-Choice couldn't be farther away from what the movement 
represents, which is essentialy destroying a lifeform that doesn't really have any say in the 
matter, therefore not letting it have a choice. Pro-Life is an even more deluded title. Think 
about it, as human beings we all cause a certain amount of death or else we would have died 
ourselves. Everytime you get a burger from Mcdonalds you're indirectly responsible for the 
death of a cow. And vegetarians every time you get a salad from Mcdonalds your indirectly 
reponsible for the death of a lettuce plant. Every time you cut your grass you are directly 
responsible for the deaths of hundreds of blades of grass, which are living creatures. Every 
time you brush your teeth you are dirctly responsible for the deaths of thousands of germs 
which are living creatures. So the only person who could ever legitamitely call themself Pro-
Life would have to never eat, never practice any hygeine, never jerk off, etc. Maybe Ghandi 
could be described that way, but he's about it. Another problem with the "Pro-Lifers" is that 
their whole movement has an ulterior motive, which is pushing their religious agenda. The 
reason they display such a gross hypocracy as to say it's wrong to get an abortion then to go 
out and have veal for dinner is to perpetuate the arrogant and vicious idea that other living 
creatures don't have a soul while humans do. 
	One thing however, that I do believe wholeheartedly in is the use of stem cells for 
scientific research. Abortion is already legal. The fetusus are already dead. To not use them 
as a resource because of someone's misguided sense of morality would be tragic. But I 
digress, the real question underlying the entire abortion issue is at what point along the 
development of this lifeform does it become wrong for someone to remove it as if it were a 
parasite. The "Pro-Lifers" tell you it's the moment of conception. The "Pro-Choicers" say it's 
the moment of birth. Neither one of these positions are supported by any facts. They are both 
completely arbitrary. No reasonable person would buy into such an oversimplification of 
such a complex issue.  A newborn baby is no more or less alive than a fetus is, and a fetus is 
no more or less alive than an individual sperm cell. What makes people believe that you 
would be instantly changed from being a chemical reaction to a unique individual with a 
soul at some specific point in your development? The fact is that neither birth nor conception 
are the pivotal points that people make them out to be. In reality life is one continuous 
process which makes it nearly impossible to determine when a lifeform should be viewed 
with whatever set of standards people want to attach to it. So until there's some new factual 
evidence it isn't likely the court's decision on the subject is going to change, nor should it. 
This issue is archaic and irrelevant so it's about time everyone leaves it back in the seventies 
where it belongs. Becuase if you don't, then the government will use your beligerent 
emotions concerning abortion to distract you from the issues that actually mean something. 
Like the fact that we are murdering people and dying needlessly every day in Iraq, and the 
fact that here in America the few civil liberties we ever had are being slowly stripped away.
