Fellow members of humanity, I wrote the textfile "Message for Muslims".

I was a young man who was confused, insecure, and full of fear. I felt the need 
to lash out in hate and anger at an entire group of people. I even made up a 
couple words to try to sound important.

Years later, although I am still growing as an individual, and as a spiritual
being, I've learned a lot of things. First of all, I learned that hate is
nothing more than the absence of love. I learned that although we have
different skin colors, speak different languages, and have different beliefs,
despite all that, we're still the same! We all want the same things: we all
want to be free, happy, prosperous, and we want our children to be safe, and
also enjoy these same things.

I've learned to love all that exists unconditionally, to help others, to stop
worrying about what people think about me, and to just do whatever I can to
make the world a better place than when I was born.

I also learned that I must hold myself accountable and responsible for my
actions. I heard a quote from a native-American man named Little Hawk (I hope I 
got that right), from the Mohawk tribe: "Take credit for your mistakes, not 
what you do good, because you're supposed to be doing good anyway."

I'm typing this textfile because I am holding myself accountable for my act
of sending out that textfile into the world. As long as that textfile is on
this site, visible to all, it spreads hate, intolerance, and negative energy. 
It is my hope that it is removed from the site, and therefore, the world 
forever.

The prison system in this country has the highest incarceration rate in the
world; yet it still allows convicts to make amends after serving their time,
by letting them out and giving them another chance to make a positive
contribution to society. Despite how bad it is, the ex-convicts still have the 
wonderful opportunity to create a better world.

As citizens on Earth, as members of the collective human race living on a small
ball, floating in an infinite space, we have to live with each other. We are
not as different as people think. We have to realize this and come together and
love each other unconditionally, and this is our DUTY. I made a horrible
mistake of typing it up and sending it out into the world in fear and anger
years ago, but it's in your power to IGNORE ITS contents, and to limit the
amount of negative energy that is too prevalent in the world today.

Everyday, we are given a new chance to do good. Love and creation is the only
way we will survive, in a 180 degree contrast to hate and destruction. We are
Creators. Everyday, we are given a new chance to change the world and create a
better one, a world filled with love, coexistence, and prosperity. We are at a
point in our civilization's history where we must remove negative energy from
our planet forever, and replace it with loving, warm, life-giving positive 
energy. Then we must maintain and sustain this love forever.

For years, I've felt awful about making that textfile as an ignorant, fearful
young man. This isn't about me as much as it is about the world. I have come to
terms with what I've done, and a little while ago, I decided to attempt to not
only cancel out the negative energy from that textfile, but surpass the amount
of negative energy it spreads, by loving others, being polite to people,
picking up trash and litter, talking to others about how love is the only way
forward, and spreading coexistence and tolerance. Ignore the file. It's 
COMPLETE CRAP.

Everyday, we are blessed with miracles. Science clearly states that matter
cannot be created or destroyed, but yet, here we are! Is that clearly not a
miracle? Thus, it is self-evident that somehow, outside of the laws of physics,
this universe was created. Life formed. I am not religious, but I am now very
spiritual.

We are also Creators. It wasn't that long ago in our human history that the
only information came from the priests. There were wise men whom called forth
new domains of thinking that never existed here before. I'm not talking about
philosophers, although they were the predecessors of scientists. I'm talking
about Galileo, Aristotle, Pythagoras, etc. Many of them were punished, but they
created, out of nothing, something called science.

Another example of us Creating out of nothing was when this country was 
founded. Before we wrote the Declaration of Independence, nothing like that had 
ever been done before. The only people with rights were the kings and priests, 
but the vast majority of humans did not enjoy any rights. However, despite 
being under despotic rule, we created individual human rights and freedom out 
of nothing. Without love energy, and without intent, this could not have 
happened.

We created the domain that created not only the rights to call it forth, but we
also created language, and then communicated it. This communication that we
created had power, because it was full of intent. It has the power not only to
represent and invoke, but also to literally bring it into being. This is what 
we need to do in order to clearly know ourselves.

We are destined to Create out of nothing. As we grow as a species on this
relatively small planet, we will continue to grow in many areas, and when we
learn who WE are, and when we have become spiritually ready, we will once again
Create something unprecedented. It is our destiny; it is who we really are. It
is my belief that we were called forth from the Creator so that we could live,
learn, love, and experience, and then to spread and multiply this love outward
in all directions into space and eventually Create out of nothing but love,
other domains which didn't exist before. I truly believe the Creator intended,
and did, create Creators.

I believe and feel that my soul came to this planet and entered this body
shortly after I was conceived so that I could also spread love energy. But
making mistakes is part of learning and experiencing. If we already had all the 
knowledge, we wouldn't need to be here. That's the whole point of life: to 
experience, make mistakes, and learn from them so that we can become more wise, 
and then use that wisdom for benevolent purposes. There was no excuse to create 
that file, and this is my opportunity to not only attempt to cancel it out, but 
to do my best to help humanity as much as possible by spreading love. We are 
all nodes, and beacons of love. I believe that we must ask ourselves, "What 
hasn't our contribution to humanity, the world, the universe been?" I want to 
make as much of a contribution as I can before this particular lifetime of mine 
is over.

So please, for the sake of the betterment of humanity as a whole, please IGNORE
that file. It would be better to limit and cease the spread of hate and
intolerance than it would just to respond to it and give it attention, since it 
contains no information whatsoever, unlike the other textfiles on the site.

I have written this from my heart, not just my fingers, keyboard, and computer.
It is my intent to Create a better world. I am literally doing just that, with
every good and loving thing I do, because I'm spreading love.

We truly have the power to Create a better world by intending to spread love,
and then doing it. It's a chain-reaction. So please help to make this a better,
more loving world.

You are truly powerful, resilient, beings of light, and it is the 
responsibility of the spiritual people, and the people who have awakened, to be 
the leaders and guides of the rest of humanity who has not yet awakened. With 
great knowledge comes great responsibility, and it is our duty to be there and 
help people through the rough times that lie ahead.

I do not know how much longer I have during this lifetime, so I wanted to share 
this textfile with all, and dedicate it to all of humanity, because I truly 
love all of you. We are merely cells of the larger, living organism we call 
Earth, and Earth is just part of a larger living organism which is our galaxy. 
Our galaxy is a living organism which is part of the living universal 
organism. So as you can see, everything that exists is related, and we are 
connected to all that exists.

You are all my priority, and please know that I love you all, and I have faith 
in all of you. But most importantly, believe in yourselves, because you all 
wield the power to create your own reality and reshape the world with your love 
and intent. It is my sincerest hope that we all realize this power and create 
a world full of love, where there is no suffering. 

Love and light to you all.
