Mutatis Mutandis: Things to Consider

BY: DIzzIE [antikopyright 2006]

Nope, no fresh scams here, just a few things that have been on my
mind for a while...

I. Cons do not come with any blueprints, and any that claim to do so
should not be followed but developed, built upon, overcome. Every
scam textfile you read, every swindle idea you overhear, or every
grift you pick up from the evening news, all are to be challenged,
analyzed, and remixed to suit your needs. Scams are springboards of
multifarious possibilities, they are not recipes that you memorize
and then follow mindlessly. There is no such thing as 'this is what
works and this is how you do it.' You memorize a short-changing bit,
get your shit down pat, and then the cashier fucks your game up and
hands you two fives instead of a ten. You must adapt general advice
to your specific situation. You must give yourself enough room to
change your game halfway. If you don't, you will fail, get tripped
up, get nailed.

Any text which promises universal success "if you do everything this
way" is lying. Following this, statements along the lines of "this
won't work" are to be ignored or laughed at, as are boasts akin to
"this will definitely work." Scams are inherently malleable to the
given situation. People are stupid, the challenge lies in figuring
out who's got more brains, the grifter or the mark. There is ample
room to situate yourself into your particular situation, to do your
own research and make your own molding. This is necessary. DIY is a
fundamental characteristic of fraud. You're not painting by numbers,
you're taking shit into your own hands, scoping out your own scene,
rooting out your own weaknesses and flaws before anything else.

This does not mean never ask for advice. Do treat it as saying that
if you don't do your own research you might as well turn yourself in
right now. Get the spark and then start your own fire, you'll be
burning the mark yourself--YOU--no guide can do it for you, not even
this one. There always are, and always will be, exceptions. Find them.

II. Don't act like a fucking pig. "Has anyone actually done this?"
See I. Never put anyone in that position. If you are put in that
position, answering anything besides a solid No will result in you
regretting it, if not today then tomorrow, you will step into some
bad shit. Simple enough. Keep your shoes shiny.

III. Think anthills. Salami slicing. Penny pinching. Cost shaving.
The small things add up. The question isn't how do I jack that lappy
worth 2G's. The question is exactly how many fucking vitamins do I
have to return to get enough cash for that lappy I want. Don't wheel
all that schwag out in one go, return five, ten, twenty times. That's
an obvious exaggeration, if you don't see that, then you've
understood nothing. Go back and reread from the beginning. Minimize
risk. But don't miss opportunities. Misdemeanors are better than
felonies. A can of mace and quick feet can be better than both. A
quick tongue trumps them all.

IV. Read all of this at least once more. Yeah, it's just that
important. Everything written here is a lie and should be treated as
such. Destroy it. Copasetic?

Mundus vult decipi, ergo decipiatur.

Now ignore everything you just skimmed over and get back to what you
do best--namely, fucking up. :)

-
Comments? Get in touch: xcon0 @t yahoo \/d0t/\ c||o|m 
(or call +1 (610) 887-6072)

For more knowledge check out www.rorta.net and www.dizzy.ws 