G-Spot Positions: Our Favorite 3 Positions To Hit Your G-Spot During Sex

I read the other day that the majority of Americans regularly have sex 
in just a few positions. Well, if that’s true, its time to shake things up! This article is on g spot positions. These are our favorite ways of hitting the g-spot during sex.If you like boring, normal sex, that lasts just 5 – 10 minutes, don’t read this page. If you’re feeling more adventurous, and are ready to blow your mind then please, proceed.So, the first step in hitting your g spot during sex is to know where it is! For a refresher course, check out this page on the g-spot location. You also may want to try a finding the g spot exercise first.From here on, we’re going to assume that you (and your partner) know where your g-spot is, and how to best stimulate it to give you pleasure.Now that that’s all taken care of – lets focus on g-spot positions. The first step is to recognize that the g spot, or g-spot area, is small and not always in the same place. So, throughout your sex you’ll both need to be communicating. What works, what feels good, what doesn’t, a little to the right, a little to the left, etc.In the beginning, as you explore different g-spot positions, its likely best if you agree not to have orgasms. We’ve found this makes it easy to have a sense of exploration and play.And, without further delay, here are our three favorite g-spot positions. Enjoy.Woman on TopI have to say there’s something so sexy about a woman being on top, in charge of finding what feels the best. Really, this position is ideal because it allows the woman to control the depth, intensity, and speed. It gives you the ability to play, and explore, and notice how much more pleasure comes from subtle differences.As you are on top, experiment with what feel’s best to you. Move, shift, tell your partner what feel’s good, rock back and forth, take it deep, keep it shallow, etc. This will likely work best if you are already aroused and hot. (This is true with all these g-spot positions)Now, as the guy in this position, you’re not just laying back passively (thought that is fine to do – just not now!). What will help your partner most is if you tilt your pelvis as much as possible. The more you can do this, the better.You’ll also get a great workout! :)Crouching, Man Coming from BehindThis is one of our favorite g-spot positions. Not only do you have great g-spot access, but there’s just something so primal and sexy about fucking from behind.Now, guys, in this position you can take it easy and let her do all the work. In this case, ladies, use your thighs to press back and find the depth, thrust style, and position that works best for you.However, guys, if you want to be more active, you can easily adapt this position. Push your woman down, and lay more on top of her (still coming in from behind)Now, for the best g-spot stimulation, position your legs outside of hers and put more of your weight forward, so you are riding her from up higher.This puts your penis on more of a downward angle, and helps you hit her g-spot more directly. You can also experiment with having her legs more open, or more closed to see what feels best.Man Kneeling or Standing, Woman's Legs on His ShouldersWe love this sex position. With many g-spot positions you can’t look each other in the eyes. With this one, we recommend it. Also, when you want to hit the g-spot, having your legs high and wide is the secret ingredient. Sometimes putting your feet on your partner’s shoulders can be the most comfortable (its also just super sexy!)Now, you can do this position in lots of ways. You can do it off your sofa, a chair, or your coffee table (we won’t tell!). Or, you can modify it to work off your bed by kneeling vs standing. The only real key to this position is that your partner is angled upward, with her legs spread wide or on your shoulders. You can achieve this combination in lots of different ways (be creative.)
