- HANDS OF GOD -                                            - by anonymous
                                                              in year 2008
                                                              ALL RIGHTS
                                                              RESERVED


This here is a personal experience, a christian experience, with the holy
spirit. I do share it with you because for me it was fantastic - i became
help from GOD when i really needed it and in a very impressive way. Best
Blessings and Thanks to: JESUS, G O D & HEAVEN.

Some time ago i met a girl and we came together but from the beginning on
of the relationship i had a very bad feeling inside of myself as if
something is wrong with this relationship - and it was. Really, the first
weeks when i woke up in the morning and thinking of her i became such a
sick feeling in my stomach that i had to run to the toilet where i had to
spew. This happened more than one week.

Day by day with the relationship of her i felt more evil and my energy
really went down to nearly zero. I said to myself when i felt this strong
evil feeling when i thought of her: "What has she done with you?" I felt
like being catching or something like that. Yeah and some time later she
told me that she had made some black magic to get my love - she made a
magic sign with a kind of spell in it. That was the reason why i had to
spew many days in the morning - i felt so toxical, i can assure you - 
indeed she was a witch and i did not knew this before.

Yeah, there was this other guy who was always jealous that i was together
with her and it was so obvious, i can tell you. She also showed her "good"
sides when i found an email of her ex friend and they mailed each other
about the subject "salad". But i also noticed that she watched after other
man. So i really began to ask myself if she is the right girl for me. Even
when she visited me for the first time i felt this negative energy and i
think it was due to the black magic she has done to me, i did not knew it
at this time.

So at the same time i became the bible from a girl i met at work. It was
the first time that i was reading the bible. And also in the same time i
went down on my knees and asked GOD to bring me out of my darkness because
i felt so dark and this darkness became stronger day by day. I never read
the bible before nor did i ever went down on my knees to pray to GOD. In
the relationship i felt like as if i am dying all the time, that felt so
evil.

One day i was reading the bible and then i had the book in my hand and
thanked GOD for her but after i thanked HIM a big bunch sites from the
bible turned over from alone and on the opened page, it was the index of
the bible, the first and only word which my eyes saw was: "LIES" in
uppercase letters and i knew in this moment that this has something to
mean. I later found out that she is indeed a person who really spins big
lies the whole day long and i really mean every day.

Some time later i was reading the bible again and when i finished reading
i laid the bible on my table in my room. And i had this ring on my finger
which was a symbol for our relationship and i wanted to put this ring on
the bible that GOD will hallow our love but when i took back my hand from
ring which laid on the book now it, the ring, was slung away from the book
like one of two magnets who push each other away and the ring flew from
the book through the air to the ground. When this happened i really felt
this energy which throw this ring away and also the ring made this ringing
sound. Yeah, what can i say more? A wonder from GOD, holy spirit.

When she went to a party without me but with this other guy who was always
jealous on me because i was together with her like said before i finally
quit the relationship. And really: on that day i had back all my energy
and i felt like new born. The black magic was also broken. Some time
before this happened i became a kind of a vision that this guy wants to
move to her and some time later it really happened - he moved closer to
her and they always had their fun together even when i was present. He
often really tried to act like me to get her - this was so sick. I always
knew: "One person present is too much here." And i always felt that i am
that person. I also had a vision about that guy which showed me that this
guy is too close on our relationship because of her which was indeed true.
Thank YOU GOD for that vision.

Now when she heared that i quit she wanted me back. But my inner feeling
deep inside of myself told me in really strongly words: "Do not go back
to her!" Really i heared that sentence nearly one week every time and
every moment when i thought about her. When we talked to each other on the
phone i really felt that she was hiding something to me, it was something
about that always being jealous guy i later found out, he loved her and he
told her that but she did not told it to me ... too stupid. But i knew it
from the beginning on because it was too obvious i can assure you, oh man.

When i told her the thing with the ring which flew around she began to lie
like satan and made an opposite lie which simply represented the opposite
of my version. She told me that she also laid her ring in the bible but
when she did it her ring began to glow. She really was that lying person,
lying in her life really was an all day matter - she can not live without
her lies. The point is that she was no christian, she was an atheist - the
antichrist - she had no bible and she did not believe in the bible and
she did not read or practice it. GOD would not tell me to leave her while
HE is telling her that the relationship is good. One of her biggest and
most stupid lies was that "She is the light." And "She can glow at night
that she can read books in complete darkness." Really and this was just
the tip of the iceberg. If i had known this before i had not began this
relationship - it was like a curse to me. She was an insane psycho liar.

Finally she wanted a new beginning with me at christmas and she invited me
for a new beginning and i was so dumb to do that, so i moved to her at
christmas. Yeah and the lies continued there. The first day when i was
there her sister asked me if i had noticed "that thing" with this guy (the
guy who was always jealous). And i asked her what her sister means with
this and she told me lies and i saw it in her eyes. Again she made some
black magic to get me back. Some time before she took away some of my
hairs from my head, at this time i did not thought about black magic when
she did it. But some time later i felt as if someone is dropping molten
wax on my head without knowing anything about that black magic ritual. And
later , on christmas , she showed me again that black magic sign and on it
there were my hairs stuck with molten wax on it - so i felt it right
before, i felt miles away what she was doing to me without knowing it, yep
folks that is black magic - it malfunctioned, magic is no fairy tale.

The next day, at christmas, while we were watching the movie TRON, the
computer animated film, i asked her again what her sister meant with that
and she told me that this (jealous) guy loves her. And at the same moment
after she said this something happened. We were in her sisters room and on
the door of the room there were stucked on lots of hearts made of hard
plastic or wood. And after she said this i felt a cold shiver like a cold
hand moving behind my back and also nearly the same moment, some parts of
a second later, i heared some loud noises inside of the room and one noise
in the room beside. Two hearts were fallen from the door to the ground and
really: i knew what that meant: the relationship was over. They lay on the
ground like to fallen hearts from two humans. We went into the other room
and there was a poster fallen from the wall with a tree on it.

The "best surprise" was that she wanted to celebrate new years eve with me
and that guy and other people. Sure, i told her that there is no way that
i celebrate new years eve with her and the other people and i moved home
after christmas.

Then after new years eve i also quit the "friendship" with her and told her
that a relationship nor a friendship is based on lies but she did not
understand what i told her. I told her that i knew that she has something
with that other guy also because i had a vision about that situation and i
mean it was so obvious. She then called me "obsessed", "dead", "cold" and
"cruel". Yeah she simply showed to me how evil she is - she was nuts.

A few days later i became a chat log file from a person which i knew which
showed to me black on white that indeed this guy was together with her
since new years eve. The guy admitted it in that log file. But when i told
her that i know it she told me that she can just laugh when she hears that
she is together with him from me. At this time because of this intrigue i
had a feeling inside of me like someone is putting a knife into my stomach
- it really hurted so much.

I asked GOD the following: "GOD please, as a proof, when she is really 
together with this guy let her send a SMS message to me which is in
reality not deticated for me but for another person." And guess what? This
SMS message came the next day. And guess what for whom it was? It was for
that other guy - she wanted that he visits her. Oh GOD thank You very
much.

I finally quit every contact to her because of her lies and because she
was such a false demonic viper. I never rued that descision that is for
sure.

Do you know the wisdom that everything what you do and whish in life comes
back to you? This experience also told me that. Because a long time before
all this happened i did something for a girl what GOD in that case did for
me: I helped someone out of a very evil relationship. In that case it was
the girlfriend of my best friend. He always had something with other girls
behind her back and she did not knew it. One day i was alone with her and
her friend was away and i told her everything about his contacts with all
the other girls. And after this she quit the relationship with him.

Yeah, what you do to others, good or evil, will GOD send back to you. So
always keep this in mind. I helped her and GOD helped me. Thank YOU again
my lovely and holy one and only GOD. GOD helped me with my prayer too: HE
took me out of darkness and helped me with all HIS glory. Keep your
fingers away from all kind of magic and study the bible instead. You can
trust GOD and Jesus and the WORD of GOD too. If you need help: ask GOD or
Jesus for it. Take care of your thoughts, evil thoughts will come back
real to you if you do not rue them.

This paper is over now. I hope you enjoyed it. Be blessed reader.

 -- anonymous



-EOF-

