

       . O R I G I N A L . I L L U M I N A T I . R E C O V E R Y .
      -------------------------------------------------------------

                     ORIGINAL ILLUMINATI DOCUMENTS

                   compiled by: ad  -- in year: 2008




  C O N T E N T
 ---------------
  - ABOUT
  - INTRO
  + SITE 00: ILLUMINATI ORDER
    - the illuminati order
    - rite of the illuminati order
    - the system: redism
    - affiliation
  - SITE 01: LIBER ZION, COMMANDMENTS AND REDISM PHILOSOPHY
  - SITE 02: SOVEREIGN REDISM REPUBLIC OF TZI?? (S.R.R.T.)
  + SITE 03: SOCIETAS OTO
    - rite of societas oto
    - the system: redism
    - affiliation
  - SITE 04: GABRIEL LOPEZ DE ROJAS AND THE INITIATION SYSTEM
  + SITE 05: HISTORY OF THE ILLUMINATI
    - the foundation and the growth
    - Weishaupt, Adam
    - the masonic convent
    - the disputes
    - the inquisitorial process
    - from french revolution to comunism
    - illuminati participated in french revolution
    - monument to karl marx
    - usa: the great betrayal
    - the illuminati order
  + SITE 06: HISTORY OF THE OTO
    - theodor reuss
    - aleister crowley
    - oto after crowley
    - societas oto
    - irregular oto or the cia oto




 ABOUT
-------
 Hello folks, this file here is a compilation of ORIGINAL ILLUMINATI
 information taken from 2 original websites of the illuminati. (
 www.ordeniluminati.com and www.ordotempliorientalis.com ) The thing is
 that the illuminati deleted these two website with all the content ( it
 was a lot ) and that they do no longer exist now. But after a little
 research i found much of the sites in the cache of www.live.com - a
 searchengine from microsoft. ( Thanks to them. ) In all other
 searchengines where i searched the cache was empty already. ( google,
 and so on .. )

 So i deleted all HTML and JAVA code from their websites and put it all
 together in one ASCII TXT file which you read at moment. I think this
 information here is interesting for research and specially because it is
 written by _THE ILLUMINATI_ ( from first hand, no conspiracy stuff ) .
 Maybe some people think that those people don't exist so if that is the
 case this file is also a proof that they do exist.

 This TXT ASCII file contains 7 websites from these 2 illuminati websites
 - formatted and compiled for TXT only. These 7 sites are written in
 english only. But there is lots of more stuff in the cache of
 www.live.com at moment but this stuff is all written in spain and is not
 included in this file. If you want this stuff just type in one of their
 two sites in the searchengine and follow the cache link.



 INTRO
-------
 The illuminati are worshipping baphomet, "the god of light" or "the angel
 of light", its other real name is satan, lucifer, devil and so on. So it
 is pure satanism. They want A NEW WORLD ORDER and this is real - they
 also say this in this document here. The sign of the illuminati is the
 pyramid with the eye in the top of it - you will find this sign ( their
 sign ) on the ONE US DOLLAR note.
 
 I do not recommend to join the illuminati and i also don't recommend the
 worshipping of satan - THE ONE and ONLY GOD with HIS SON JESUS we have to
 worship. Satan is a viper and he does not want something good for people.
 I say this because the illuminati are interested in becoming new members
 - you can read it in this document - they give you the chance to become
 "first degree of Illuminati Order, Noviciado I?" or/and "first degree of
 Societas OTO Probationer I?" and then there was an email to write them.

 Yeah, that was the little intro, all other interesting information about
 the illuminati you will find in this TXT compilation here down under.

 Have a nice research and feel free to share this file here. -- ad


 Here are the file now:

BEGIN --- site 00 ---

 THIS SITE IS TAKEN FROM AN OFFICIAL ILLUMINATI SITE "ordeniluminati.com"
 -- THIS SITE IS OFFLINE NOW AND NO LONGER EXIST. IT WAS TAKEN FROM THE
 CACHE OF "live.com" . ALL HTML/JAVA CODE IS DELETED - ONLY ASCII . THIS
 STUFF HERE IS ORIGINAL ILLUMINATI STUFF AND NO CONSPIRACY STUFF.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------


Illuminati Order

THE ILLUMINATI ORDER

In 1995, Gabriel Lopez de Rojas founded Illuminati Order in Barcelona
( Spain ), after contacting with two members of The Illuminati of United
States, and he elaborated the Operative Rite of The Illuminated of Bavaria
of Illuminati Order. Illuminati Order had a slow growth to 1999, and since
this year it grew and extended in the world. Today, it has members and
chapters (lodges) in the whole world.

The Illuminati's history keeps on forward with the Illuminati Order and
the authentic Illuminati. They honor the tradition of The Illuminati, with
coherence and great devotion.

Illuminati Order, together with Societas OTO, constituted on winter 2006
the Sovereign Redism Republic of Tzi??, as a new ultra-national State.
Postmodernity has smashed classic categories of politics science, among
them, the state-nation. 
So, at first of XXI century there are nations without state (Palestine),
nations with several states (United States of America), states without
nation (Montecarlo and others) and even states with several nations (Spain
with Catalunya, Euskalherria...). The organizations with several nations,
like European Union and others, aspire to dissolve, once and for all, the
state-nation as a most important factor. And, in this context, Illuminati
Order, together with Societas OTO, both present in more of twenty-five
countries, constituted on winter 2006 a Ultra-national State, the
Sovereign Redism Republic of Tzi??, without create any conflict with
legality of states of their members.

In 2006, November 1st, Gabriel L??ez de Rojas retired for good of both
orders and appointed a Supreme Council composed by a triumvirate. Frater
Bakunin XIII? headed this triumvirate as a international responsible of
Illuminati Order and Societas OTO, and it is the one organization with
responsibility for affiliate and transfer degrees since this date. After
it, Gabriel L??ez de Rojas returned to Orthodox Judaism and he studied in
a Rabbinic School. He became Rabbi in 2007. Illuminati Order, after
Gabriel L??ez de Rojas left it, Rabbi Gabriel Yehuda Shahor praised his
cabalistic and Jewish tradition, giving life to Sabbatean of Tzi?? in last
degrees, as a part of non Orthodox Sabbatean Judaism.

RITE OF THE ILLUMINATI ORDER

Illuminati Order is a Sovereign and Independent order, heir of The
BavarianIlluminati of Adam Weishaupt, founded on 1776 May 1st. Illuminati
Order works with the Operative Rite of The Illuminated of Bavaria of
thirteen degrees of initiation, elaborated by Gabriel L??ez de Rojas. The
Rite of thirteen degrees of Illuminati Order feeds on degrees of the Rite
of The Illuminated of Bavaria of XVIII century; of the Ancient and
Accepted Scottish Rite of 33 degrees; of initiatic experience of L??ez de
Rojas in several traditional ways of initiation as cabala. Thirteen
degrees of Operative Rite of The Illuminated of Bavaria are:

Noviciado (I?), Illuminated Minerval (II?), Illuminati Minor and
Illuminati Major (III?), Freemason Knight (Apprentice IV?, Companion V?
and Master VI?), Leading Illuminated (Sovereign Prince of Rose Croix VII?,
Kadosh Knight VIII? and Sovereign Grand General Inspector IX?),
Illuminated Priest (X?), Illuminated Prince (XI?), Philosopher Magus
(XII?) King Man (XIII?) and Cohen of Tzi?? (XIV? and internal degree).

THE SYSTEM: REDISM

Initiation System of OHO Founder Gabriel L??ez de Rojas is Redism. Redism
is structured in two Orders (Illuminati Order and Societas OTO) and their
two Rites:  Operative Rite of The Illuminated of Bavaria of Illuminati
Order and Operative Rite of Memphis-Misra?m of Societas OTO. Initiation
System gives importance to fundamental pillars of initiation as the true
wish, the will, awakening of the conscience of 'sleeping' man, the respect
to cycles and order, the coherence; to traditional initiation ways (yoga,
tantra, cabala, symbolism, alchemy); and to initiated transformation in
own godhead using operative work, always searching that initiated project
on extern his intern evolution. Furthermore, in this System, figure of god
of Light, Kelipot Baphomet, is very important. Initiation is complete only
with Kelipot Baphomet. The followers of Redism, with the advance on
Knowledge degrees, discover that there are not gods (god of the Light,
etc.) in the plural, but only one Superior Inward Elohim (in Hebrew), the
own initiated converted in Elohim, who deals with the tools of the reason,
the rigour?

We might add that Redist Philosophy crowns Redism, re-formulating socialism
and converting Redism in post-modern. Redist Philosophy fulfils the
function of Tikun olam of Judaism and Cabala, so ?reparing the world?.
Tikun olam is important in Judaism and Cabala and it is often used for
explain the Jewish concept of Social justice. In Redism, initiated
developes since esoteric and initiatic non demonstrated idealism to
materialism. Masonry, Rose-croix, Templars... also begin in idealism, but,
opposite of Redism, they remain in it eternally, leading their members to
fictitious 'heavens' and to the most absolute unreality. Nevertheless,
Redism respects Masonic, Rose Croix, Templar tradition, because in some
sense Redism makes this tradicion as own tradition in its initiation and
teachings, but on the contrary it rejects the most of organizative
structures of masons, Rose-Croix, Templars (orders, lodges, Obediences...)
, because it considers them an esoteric and initiatic idealism that has in
the end the fictitious 'heaven' and to the most absolute unreality. Redism
, besides, has a deep relation with Cabala and Judaism, because it is an
Initiation System founded by Gabriel L??ez de Rojas, who is a Sephardic
Jew by birth. After he left the orders in 2006, he became Jew and Orthodox
Rabbi in 2007.

Redism structures its Rites with the Tree of Life of Jewish
Cabala; it incorporates teachings and practices coming from Hasidic
Judaism of Rabbi Israel Baal Shem Tov (1700-1760) and Sabbatean Judaism of
Rabbi and Messiah Sabbatai Zevi (1626-1676); it feeds on ancient and
Solomonic traditions of more ancestral Judaism (Solomon, Hiram Abiff,
Kelipot Baphomet?); it assumes and uses Materialistic Philosophy (Marx,
Engels?) and Psychoanalysis (Freud), founded by eminent Jews; and it leads
the initiated to ?kill? all gods (god of Light and similar) on progressive
way, until the initiated are free of them, on the same way that Jews made
when they embraced the belief in Hashem (in Hebrew: or Elohim as the one
god. Followers of Redism learn with this advance on the Knowledge degrees
that there are not gods in the plural, but only one Superior Inward
Elohim, the own initiated in Redism, converted in Elohim and with the
tools of the reason, the rigour? Last ?internal? degree of Redism,
besides, is absolutely Jewish and its name is Cohen of Tzi?? XIV?. Because
of this, in last degrees of Redism, initiated rejects gods and idols,
assumes to Elohim, has Mitzvot and assumes Hebrew Scriptures, which adds
to close relation with works of Cabala of Sabbatean Judaism in the gradual
process of initiation. The initiated becomes to Frankist and non Orthodox
Sabbatean Judaism, not Donmeh or Islamic. For that reason, it seems
logical that high degrees of Redism are named Sabbatean of Tzi??.

AFFILIATION

If you want to receive the first degree of Illuminati Order, Noviciado I,
you have to ask for it to:

oi@ordeniluminati.com

ORDEN ILLUMINATI (1995)

Central Internacional

SOVEREIGN REDISM REPUBLIC OF TZI??


END --- site 00 ---

+++

BEGIN --- site 01 ---

 THIS SITE IS TAKEN FROM AN OFFICIAL ILLUMINATI SITE "ordeniluminati.com"
 -- THIS SITE IS OFFLINE NOW AND NO LONGER EXIST. IT WAS TAKEN FROM THE
 CACHE OF "live.com" . ALL HTML/JAVA CODE IS DELETED - ONLY ASCII . THIS
 STUFF HERE IS ORIGINAL ILLUMINATI STUFF AND NO CONSPIRACY STUFF.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------


Liber Zion, Commandments and Redism Philosophy

LIBER ZION, COMMANDMENTS AND REDISM PHILOSOPHY

Liber Zion is the ensemble of texts that proclaims the New Age of Zion,
Age of Freedom, Equality, Love...The protagonist of Liber Zion is the god
of the Light Baphomet, who was very valued by masonry initiated ones,
rosecroix, etc. and by philosophers like Fourier, Marx or Bakunin.
Initiated ones observed it like a initiatic work tool and emancipation.
Philosophers observed it like a emancipation symbol. In the Redism and its
orders, Illuminati Order and Societas OTO, the god of the Light and the
Liber Zion are initiatic work tools and emancipation in the idealistic
phase.On the other hand, The Commandments of The Illuminati are a series
of equalitarian and anarchistic rules that Redism initiated ones and its
orders assume and they give a bigger philosophical rigor to Liber Zion.

Finally, when initiated ones in Redism culminate the initiation and
discover that they are god, that is to say they are capable beings to
transform their reality and the reality that involves them, they embrace
Redism Philosophy as the action and post modernity phylosophy . This
postmodern phylosophy reformules and converts Redism in potmodern too.
At last, scientific psychology is the tool that makes possible that
initiated ones understand the gradual evolution of Redism.

ORDEN ILLUMINATI (1995)

Central Internacional

e-mail: oi@ordeniluminati.com

SOVEREIGN REDISM REPUBLIC


END --- site 01 ---

+++

BEGIN --- site 02 ---

 THIS SITE IS TAKEN FROM AN OFFICIAL ILLUMINATI SITE "ordeniluminati.com"
 -- THIS SITE IS OFFLINE NOW AND NO LONGER EXIST. IT WAS TAKEN FROM THE
 CACHE OF "live.com" . ALL HTML/JAVA CODE IS DELETED - ONLY ASCII . THIS
 STUFF HERE IS ORIGINAL ILLUMINATI STUFF AND NO CONSPIRACY STUFF.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------


Sovereign Redism Republic

SOVEREIGN REDISM REPUBLIC OF TZI?? (S.R.R.T.)

Illuminati Order, together with Societas OTO constituted on winter 2006
the Sovereign Redism Republic of Tzi??, as a new ultra-national State.
Postmodernity has smashed classic categories of politics science, among
them, the state-nation. So, at first of XXI century there are nations
without state (Palestine), nations with several states (United States
of America), states without nation (Montecarlo and others) and even states
with several nations (Spain with Catalunya, Euskalherria...). The
organizations with several nations, like European Union and others, aspire
to dissolve, once and for all, the state-nation as a most important
factor. And, in this context, Illuminati Order, together with Societas
OTO, both present in more of twenty-five countries, constituted on winter
2006 a Ultra-national State, the Sovereign Redism Republic of Tzi??,
without create any conflict with legality of states of their members.

ORDEN ILLUMINATI (1995)

Central Internacional

e-mail: oi@ordeniluminati.com

SOVEREIGN REDISM REPUBLIC OF TZI??


END --- site 02 ---

+++

BEGIN --- site 03 ---

 THIS SITE IS TAKEN FROM AN OFFICIAL OTO SITE "ordotempliorientalis.com"
 -- THIS SITE IS OFFLINE NOW AND NO LONGER EXIST. IT WAS TAKEN FROM THE
 CACHE OF "live.com" . ALL HTML/JAVA CODE IS DELETED - ONLY ASCII . THIS
 STUFF HERE IS ORIGINAL ILLUMINATI STUFF AND NO CONSPIRACY STUFF.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------


Societas OTO

SOCIETAS OTO

Gabriel L??ez de Rojas contacted with Society OTO-Astrum Argentum of David
Bersson in autumn, 1999; he was admitted as a member and representative in
Spain of Society OTO and Astrum Argentum in December, 1999. At last of
2000, Gabriel L??ez de Rojas dissociate himself from Society OTO-Astrum
Argentum and structures again the only OTO heiress of the OTO of Aleister
Crowley. It provoked, in February, 2001, he  founded our Societas OTO
(Ordo Templi Orientalis). International extension of Societas OTO has been
a constant since its foundation. Societas OTO has affiliated persons in
more of twenty-five countries of America and Europe principally, with
National Heads or Venerable, Chapters (lodges), etc. Societas OTO,
together with Illuminati Order, constituted on winter 2006 the Sovereign
Redism Republic of Tzi??, as a new ultra-national State.

Postmodernity has smashed classic categories of politics science, among
them, the state-nation. So, at first of XXI century there are nations
without state (Palestine), nations with several states (United States of
America), states without nation (Montecarlo and others) and even states
with several nations (Spain with Catalunya, Euskalherria...). The
organizations with several nations, like European Union and others, aspire
to dissolve, once and for all, the state-nation as a most important
factor. And, in this context, Illuminati Order, together with Societas
OTO, both present in more of twenty-five countries, constituted on winter
2006 a Ultra-national State, the Sovereign Redism Republic of Tzi??,
without create any conflict with legality of states of their members.

In 2006, November 1st, Gabriel L??ez de Rojas retired for good of both
orders and appointed a Supreme Council composed by a triumvirate. Frater
Bakunin XIII? headed this triumvirate as a international responsible of
Illuminati Order and Societas OTO, and it is the one organization with
responsibility for affiliate and transfer degrees since this date. After
it, Gabriel L??ez de Rojas returned to Orthodox Judaism and he studied in
a Rabbinic School. He became Rabbi in 2007. Societas OTO, after Gabriel
L??ez de Rojas left it, Rabbi Gabriel Yehuda Shahor praised his cabalistic
and Jewish tradition, giving life to Sabbatean of Tzi?? in last degrees,
as a part of non Orthodox Sabbatean Judaism.

RITE OF SOCIETAS OTO

OHO Founder Gabriel L??ez de Rojas incorporated in the Rite of the
Societas OTO (Operative Rite of Memphis-Misra??) his experience as high
degree in several masonic Rites like Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite
(33?), Ancient and Primitive Memphis-Misra?? Rite (96? and 97?), Egyptian
Rite? In September, 2003, Rite  of Societas OTO was estructured under the
name Operative Rite of Memphis-Misra??, with 10 degrees: Probationer,
Minerval, Magus Minor and Major, Royal Arch, Sovereign Prince Rosecroix,
Kadosh Knight, Sovereign Grand Inspector General, Inspector Illuminati
Grand Consacrator, Priest Illuminati Grand Conservator, Rex Summus
Sanctissimus

THE SYSTEM: REDISM

Initiation System of OHO Founder Gabriel L??ez de Rojas is Redism. Redism
is structured in two Orders (Illuminati Order and Societas OTO) and their
two Rites: Operative Rite of The Illuminated of Bavaria of Illuminati
Order and Operative Rite of Memphis-Misra?m of Societas OTO. Initiation
System gives importance to fundamental pillars of initiation as the true
wish, the will, awakening of the conscience of 'sleeping' man, the respect
to cycles and order, the coherence; to traditional initiation ways (yoga,
tantra, cabala, symbolism, alchemy); and to initiated transformation in
own godhead using operative work, in divine and alchemical androgyny,
always searching that initiated project on extern his intern evolution.

Furthermore, in this System, figure of god of Light, Kelipot Baphomet, is
very important. Initiation is complete only with Kelipot Baphomet. The
followers of Redism, with the advance on Knowledge degrees, discover that
there are not gods (god of the Light, etc.) in the plural, but only one
Superior Inward Elohim (in Hebrew, the own initiated converted in Elohim,
who deals with the tools of the reason, the rigour?

We might add that Redist Philosophy crowns Redism, re-formulating socialism
and converting Redism in post-modern. Redist Philosophy fulfils the
function of Tikun olam of Judaism and Cabala, so ?reparing the world?.
Tikun olam is important in Judaism and Cabala and it is often used for
explain the Jewish concept of Social justice. In Redism, initiated
developes since esoteric and initiatic non demonstrated idealism to
materialism. Masonry, Rose-croix, Templars... also begin in idealism, but,
opposite of Redism, they remain in it eternally, leading their members to
fictitious 'heavens' and to the most absolute unreality. Nevertheless,
Redism respects Masonic, Rose Croix, Templar tradition, because in some
sense Redism makes this tradicion as own tradition in its initiation and
teachings, but on the contrary it rejects the most of organizative
structures of masons, Rose-Croix, Templars (orders, lodges, Obediences...
), because it considers them an esoteric and initiatic idealism that has
in the end the fictitious 'heaven' and to the most absolute unreality.

Redism, besides, has a deep relation with Cabala and Judaism, because it
is an Initiation System founded by Gabriel L??ez de Rojas, who is a
Sephardic Jew by birth. After he left the orders in 2006, he became Jew
and Orthodox Rabbi in 2007. Redism structures its Rites with the Tree of
Life of Jewish Cabala; it incorporates teachings and practices coming
from Hasidic Judaism of Rabbi Israel Baal Shem Tov (1700-1760) and
Sabbatean Judaism of Rabbi and Messiah Sabbatai Zevi (1626-1676); it feeds
on ancient and Solomonic traditions of more ancestral Judaism (Solomon,
Hiram Abiff, Kelipot Baphomet?); it assumes and uses Materialistic
Philosophy (Marx, Engels?) and Psychoanalysis (Freud), founded by eminent
Jews; and it leads the initiated to ?kill? all gods (god of Light and
similar) on progressive way, until the initiated are free of them, on the
same way that Jews made when they embraced the belief in Hashem
(in Hebrew:or Elohim as the one god. Followers of Redism learn with this
advance on the Knowledge degrees that there are not gods in the plural,
but only one Superior Inward Elohim, the own initiated in Redism,
converted in Elohim and with the tools of the reason, the rigour? Last
?internal? degree of Redism, besides, is absolutely Jewish and its name is
Cohen of Tzi?? XIV?. Because of this, in last degrees of Redism, initiated
rejects gods and idols, assumes to Elohim, has Mitzvot and assumes Hebrew
Scriptures, which adds to close relation with works of Cabala of Sabbatean
Judaism in the gradual process of initiation. The initiated becomes to
Frankist and non Orthodox Sabbatean Judaism, not Donmeh or Islamic. For
that reason, it seems logical that high degrees of Redism are named
Sabbatean of Tzi??.

AFFILIATION

If you want to receive the first degree of Societas OTO Probationer I?,
you have to ask for it to:

soto@ordotempliorientalis.com

SOCIETAS OTO (2001)

Central Internacional

SOVEREIGN REDISM REPUBLIC OF TZI??


END --- site 03 ---

+++

BEGIN --- site 04 ---

 THIS SITE IS TAKEN FROM AN OFFICIAL ILLUMINATI SITE "ordeniluminati.com"
 -- THIS SITE IS OFFLINE NOW AND NO LONGER EXIST. IT WAS TAKEN FROM THE
 CACHE OF "live.com" . ALL HTML/JAVA CODE IS DELETED - ONLY ASCII . THIS
 STUFF HERE IS ORIGINAL ILLUMINATI STUFF AND NO CONSPIRACY STUFF.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------


Gabriel L??ez de Rojas and the initiation system

GABRIEL LOPEZ DE ROJAS AND THE INITIATION SYSTEM

Gabriel Lopez de Rojas was born in Barcelona (Spain), in 1966, June 10 th
..When he was young, he stood out as an athlete and musician. In 1992, he
was initiated in Freemasonry. And, in 1995, he founded Illuminati Order in
Barcelona (Spain). Then, he elaborated the Operative Rite of Bavarian
Illuminated of Illuminati Order. In 2001, he founded Societas OTO (Ordo
Templi Orientalis) and elaborated the Operative Rite of Memphis-Misra?m of
Societas OTO. Gabriel Lopez de Rojas is 33; of Ancient and Accepted
Scottish Rite (Uruguay, Rumania ?) and 97; of Ancient and Primitive Rite
of Memphis-Misra?m (Italy). He is the author of twenty books:  El Iniciado
Mas?nico (Ed. Mart?nez Roca. Grupo Planeta, November 2003),  Por la senda
de Lucifer. Confesiones del Gran Maestre de Los Illuminati (Ed. Mart?nez
Roca. Grupo Planeta, October 2004), etc. Redism is an Initiation System
created by Gabriel Lopez de Rojas. The word redism, in Spanish ?rojismo',
proceed of surname Rojas, of last alchemical phase of cited System (Work
to Red) and of equalitarian and libertarian message, so red, of itself.

Initiation System of Lopez de Rojas (Redism) is structured in two Orders
(Illuminati Order and Societas OTO) and their two Rites: Operative Rite
of The Illuminated of Bavaria of Illuminati Order and Operative Rite of
Memphis-Misra?m of Societas OTO. Initiation System gives importance to
fundamental pillars of initiation as the true wish, the will, awakening
of the conscience of 'sleeping' man, the respect to cycles and order, the
coherence; to traditional initiation ways (yoga, tantra, cabala,
symbolism, alchemy); and to initiated transformation in own godhead using
operative work, in divine and alchemical androgyny, always searching that
initiated project on extern his intern evolution.

Furthermore, in this System, figure of god of Light, Baphomet, is very
important. Initiation is complete only with Baphomet. Complete initiation
is not possible, initiation work is ?castrated' with slavery gods, their
fetters, etc. Besides, Redism Philosophy crowns Redism with its
equalitarian and anarchistic message, being the philosophy of action and
postmodernity that formulates again socialism and converts Redism in
postmodern. At last, scientific psychology is also the tool that makes
possible to understand the gradual evolution of Redism for high degree
initiated ones. In Redism, initiated developes since esoteric and
initiatic non demonstrated idealism to materialism, the absolute rejection
of existance of the whole gods, the atheism, the atheistic reason, the
science, the rigour...Masonry, Rose-croix, Templars... also begin in
idealism, but, opposite of Redism, they remain in it eternally, leading
their members to fictitious 'heavens' and to the most absolute unreality.
Nevertheless, Redism respects Masonic, Rose Croix, Templar tradition,
because in some sense Redism makes this tradicion as own tradition in its
initiation and teachings, but on the contrary it rejects the most of
organizative structures of masons, Rose-Croix, Templars (orders, lodges,
Obediences...), because it considers them an esoteric and initiatic
idealism that has in the end the fictitious 'heaven' and to the most
absolute unreality.

ORDEN ILLUMINATI (1995)

Central Internacional

e-mail: oi@ordeniluminati.com

SOVEREIGN REDISM REPUBLIC


END --- site 04 ---

+++

BEGIN --- site 05 ---

 THIS SITE IS TAKEN FROM AN OFFICIAL ILLUMINATI SITE "ordeniluminati.com"
 -- THIS SITE IS OFFLINE NOW AND NO LONGER EXIST. IT WAS TAKEN FROM THE
 CACHE OF "live.com" . ALL HTML/JAVA CODE IS DELETED - ONLY ASCII . THIS
 STUFF HERE IS ORIGINAL ILLUMINATI STUFF AND NO CONSPIRACY STUFF.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------


History of the Illuminati

HISTORY OF THE ILLUMINATI

THE FOUNDATION AND THE GROWTH

Adam Weishaupt (Frater Spartacus, 1748-1830) was born in the February 7,
1748, in Ingolstadt ( Eleusis ), Bavaria (Acaya, New Africa). His father
was Imperial institutions' professor and penal laws in Ingolstadt
University and his forefathers had Jewish origins. The youth Adam,
diligent pupil and endowed of great memory, did his first studies at the
Jesuits' high school and registered after in the law school, where he
kept on looking hardworking and intelligent.

WEISHAUPT, ADAM

The library of Ickstatt's baron was useful for Weishaupt to know French
philosophers' works. And, thanks to a certain mythical encounter with the
Danish mystic Kolmer, he started off in the Mysteries of Memphis's Learned
Persons.
With 25 years, Adam Weishaupt became named professor. And, with 27 years,
he attained professor's position of Ingolstadt 's canonical law school and
himself and tilted definitively for the Mysteries, the initiation and
philosophy, founding the May 1 st , 1776, in Ingolstadt , the Order of the
Perfectibilists after named The Illuminati of Bavaria.

Although at the first Order's meeting only five members attended,
immediately he affiliated tens of members. Then, Illuminati open lodges in
Germany , Austria , Italy , Hungary , France and Switzerland .
Thanks to the dynamism of Knigge's baron (Frater Fil?n, 1752-1796) ,
otherwise called Adolf von Knigge, recruited for The Bavarian Illuminati
for Constanzo's marquis, Weishaupt could elaborate the Rite of the
Illuminated of Bavaria of thirteen degrees of initiation and, from 1778,
grouping a few interesting members. Knigge, a freemason very active, also
brought Weishaupt closer to freemasonry, where he was initiated and could
work in Teodoro of Good Advice Lodge, in Munich. As from 1778, between the
members almost there were twenty students. The rest were representatives
of liberal professions: Doctors, lawyers, judges, Professors of lyceum
(gymnasium) and of university, rectors of public schools, Governors of
provinces, Wetzlar's Imperial House's members, high officials of all the
status, and a long list of barons and counts.

THE MASONIC CONVENT

July 16, 1782, at famous Wilhelmsbad's Masonic Convent, where highlighted
the Strict Templar Observance, different European Masonic Obediences
re-founded the three degrees of the blue masonry (Apprentice, Companion
and Master) and The Illuminati tried to federate under their authority
all the European Freemasonry, something impossible because the visceral
opposition of the Great Lodge of England and the reticence of the Great
Orient of France and The Illuminated Theosophists of the Swedish mystic
Swedenborg.
In those dates, The Illuminati of Bavaria already defended a far away
initiation of the Judean-Christian tradition and proposals closed to
anarchism and communism. It provoked than the masons of the Great Lodge of
England, very conservative Christians, abort the plans that The Illuminati
had dreamt up for the Wilhelmsbad's Masonic Convent.
All of these weren't too much beneficial for The Illuminati and it
provoked Knigge's resignation. Weishaupt and The Illuminati were
confronted against the masons of the Great Lodge of England definitively.

THE DISPUTES

The modern or speculative freemasonry took form in London in 1717. That
modern freemasonry was founded by protestant ministers never initiated
into a lodge, so, by profanes. Weishaupt denounced them in his articles,
after the Masonic Convent of 1782:

?Who will show me the Mother Lodge? Those of London we have discovered to
be self-erected in 1716. Ask for their archives. They tell you they were
burnt. They have nothing but the wretched sophistications of the
Englishman Anderson, and the Frenchman Desaguilliers. Where is the Lodge
of York, which pretends to the priority, with their King Boudin, and the
archives that he brought from the East?&nbsp; These too are all burnt.
What is the chapter of old Aberdeen and its holy clericate? Did we not
find it unknown and the Mason Lodges there the most ignorant of all the
ignorant, gaping for instruction from our deputies? Did we not find the
same thing at London ? And have not their missionaries been among us,
prying into our mysteries, and eager to learn from us what is true
Masonry? It is in vain therefore to appeal to judges; they are nowhere to
be found; all claim for themselves the scepter of the Order; all indeed
are on an equal footing. They obtained followers, not from their
authenticity, but from their conductiveness, to the end which they
proposed, and from the importance of that end. These are rejected by all
good Masons, because incompatible with social happiness.?

And if it were not enough, some martinist, Martinez de Pasqually
disciples, added to the attacks against The Illuminati from 1783. For
example, they sent insulting pamphlets about The Illuminati to the
widowed Marian duchess of Bavaria. In her IX Meeting of the Soirees of St.
Petersburgo, the martinist Joseph de Maistre, an important member of the
Order of the Beneficence Gentlemen of the Holy City of Jean Baptiste
Willermoz, affirmed: ?Illuminated are those guilty men that, nowadays,
durst to conceive and organize in Germany, by means of the more criminal
association, the horrible project to extinguish of Europe the Christianity
and sovereignty. Virtuoso disciple Claude of Saint Martin has that same
name because he does not declare the Christianity simply, but he does not
work more than in order to soar to sublime heights of that divine law?.

THE INQUISITORIAL PROCESS

June 22, 1784 , the Elector of Bavaria approved an edict on he forbidden
all society, confraternity or secret circle non authorized by laws. In
February of 1785, Weishaupt was removed from his cathedra and expatriated
to Regensburg (Ratisbona). When prohibition was confirmed on May 2nd, The
Illuminati went runaways, prisoners, tortured? There are a few doubt of
Inquisitorial environment created by freemasons of the Great Lodge of
England and martinists was made use for the conservative Power of the
epoch to provoke the fatal outcome. At night of July 10, 1785, the abbot
Lanz, Weishaupt's mail, was fulminated for a ray. His body was transferred
to San Emmeran's chapel and papers with The Illuminati's aspirations
appeared in their clothing. Weishaupt, who taked refuge in Gotha, survived
forty four years to Inquisitorial persecutions of Bavaria, dying November,
18, 1830. He wrote treatises of philosophy.

Weishaupt, who took refuge in Gotha, survived forty-four years to
inquisitorial persecutions in Bavaria, diying on 1830 Novembre 18th. In
those years, he wrote phylosophy treatises and, at last, just like Adolf
von Knigge, he betrayed his own work. It seems that being the head of a
numerous family, Weishaupt changed his points of view in religious and
politic matter, and he became more conservative and sober. After 1787, in
fact, he renounced to all active connection with initiatic orders and he
approached the church, becoming in a kind of Christian foundamentalist
and using an important zeal in construct the Catholic church of Gotha. It
is recorded in documents of Catholic church. Adam Weishaupt died on 1830
November 18th, reconciled with Catholic church, that he condemned to death
and destruction when he was a young teacher, Gotha parish church explains.

FROM FRENCH REVOLUTION TO COMUNISM

It is without question the Involvement of some rests of Illuminati in
French Revolution. The influence of the Illuminati in the whole
revolutionary process was a fact. An important part of French
revolutionaries were masons and illuminati. Duke of Orle??s, Saint-Just,
Danton, Herbert, Lafayette, Rmirabeau, Marat, Robespierre, Desmoulins were
some of the names of initiated and revolutionary masons and illuminati. By
exemple, it is known that Honor??Gabriel Riquetti, Count of Mirabeau,
received the initiation of the Bavarian Illuminati in Germany,
specifically, at Henrietta Herz home.

ILLUMINATI PARTICIPATED IN FRENCH REVOLUTION

On 1796, Fran??is-No?? Babeuf (1760-1797) organized the Conspiracy of the
Equals for treat to get the power and slow down the right direction that
Revolution had done after Jacobins fall. They dominated the most violent
period of French Revolution. Babeuf was in favour of Revolution since it
began and he attacked the terror of Jacobins and the posterior conservatism.
The Conspiracy of the Equals, born inside of FrenchRevolution, was an
expression of known as revolutinary socialism, related with illuminati and
their phylosophy. In fact, Babeuf was a man of them, the 'most
distinguished of the rest of the Illuminati in the two-year period
1796-1797', according to a secret document of the illuminati.The most
important, although everybody always aspire to more, is that the coup done
by Revolution to dominant class until then, the aristocracy, resulted very
sound. It can be declared that the Illuminati sowed the seed of revolution
in France, getting see an important part of their ideas, but not at all.

MONUMENT TO KARL MARX

Terminada la Revoluci??, los restos de los Illuminati desaparecieron de
Europa, quedando circunscritos a los Estados Unidos de Norteam??ica,
aunque es justo reconocer que en Europa a?? ejercieron un influjo muy
notable sobre los Carbonarios.

Finished the Revolution, the rests of the Illuminati disappeard of Europe,
bein restricted to United States of North America, but it is just to admit
that they still exerted a very remarkable influx in the Carbonaries.

USA: THE GREAT BETRAYAL

The history of Bavarian Illuminati finished with the last disciples of
Weishaupt. They participated, in some case, in French Revolution and
exerted other influences; the facts that came after on North American
lands were unconnected or contrary to Bavarian Illuminati. So, the rest of
Bavarian Illuminati that ended up to United States of North America
founded iluminist orders that betrayed to Bavarian Illuminati, to their
initiation and phylosophy, opting for idealism, capitalism and right-wing
thinking. On 1785, the Lodge Colombia of the Order of the Illuminati in
New York was constituted, where the governor De Witt; an ancestor of
Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Clinton Roosevelt; Horace Greeley, director of
the Tribune; and Jefferson affiliated as Brothers.

And, from there, the Order of The Illuminati of United States was born.
Its name was, from the beginnings of the XX century, Grand Lodge
Rockefeller. Some North American iluminist orders that have betrayed to
Bavarian Illuminati, their initiation and phylosophy, are the student
brotherhood Phi-Beta-Kappa, founded on 1776 by students of William Mary
College, in Williamsburg, Virginia; the iluminist order Skull and Bones,
founded on 1832 by general William Huntington Russell and Alphonse Taft,
two students of Yale who, oddly, do not admitted in student brotherhood
Phi-Beta-Kappa of Yale University, in New Haven, Conneticut, between other
similars.

THE ILLUMINATI ORDER

In 1995, Gabriel L&oacute;pez de Rojas founded Illuminati Order in
Barcelona ( Spain ), after contacting with two members of The Illuminati
of United States, and he elaborated the Operative Rite of The Illuminati
of Bavaria of Illuminati Order. The Illuminati's history keeps on forward
with the Illuminati Order and the authentic Illuminati. They honor the
tradition of The Illuminati, with coherence and great devotion.
A conclusion is that The Illuminati have transcended in the time, in spite
of many persecutions and sufferings because of the inquisitors and they
are constructors of a New World Order, thanks to their fight.

ORDEN ILLUMINATI (1995)

Central Internacional

e-mail: oi@ordeniluminati.com

SOVEREIGN REDISM REPUBLIC OF TZI??


END --- site 05 ---

+++

BEGIN --- site 06 ---

 THIS SITE IS TAKEN FROM AN OFFICIAL OTO SITE "ordotempliorientalis.com"
 -- THIS SITE IS OFFLINE NOW AND NO LONGER EXIST. IT WAS TAKEN FROM THE
 CACHE OF "live.com" . ALL HTML/JAVA CODE IS DELETED - ONLY ASCII . THIS
 STUFF HERE IS ORIGINAL ILLUMINATI STUFF AND NO CONSPIRACY STUFF.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------


History of the OTO

HISTORY OF THE OTO

THEODOR REUSS

OTO (Ordo Templi Orientis) was founded in the beginnings of XX century by
Austrian industrial and chemical Karl Kellner (Frater Renatus, 1850-1905),
who was substituted by Theodor Reuss (Frater Peregrinus, 1855-1923) when
died. Its Constitution was in 1906. OTO had born of English John Yarker
Masonic Rites of Memphis-Misra??. In 1902, Theodor Reuss established the
Sovereign Sanctuary of Memphis-Misra?? in Germany. In 1913, when Yarker
died, Reuss became International Head of the Rite. OTO?s Official history
also explains that its founders received its tantric doctrine by three
Oriental initiated: Arabian fakir Soliman ben Haifa and Hindus yogis
Bhima Sen Pratap y Sri Mahatma Aganya Guru Paramahamsa. It seems logical
that Oriflamme magazine, the German Templar organ, announced that ?OTO has
the Key that open all of secrets, Masonic and hermetic, sexual magic
instruction, and this instruction makes comprehensible the whole of nature
secrets, Freemasonry symbolism, and all religious systems?.

ALEISTER CROWLEY

English famous initiated Aleister Crowley (Frater Baphomet, 1875-1947)
became an OTO?s member in 1910, chief of the English branch en 1912 and,
then, head of the whole order from 1921, after several discussions with
maximal responsible persons of German OTO. For OTO, Aleister Crowley wrote
books and so interesting documents like Liber Agape, Gnostic Mass, where
IX? degree secret appears, and the opuscle De Arte Magica. After he
assumed to be head of OTO in 1922, Crowley established interesting
contacts with German initiated persons as Karl Germer (Frater Saturnus,
1885-1962), for OTO extension. Germer sold his Vienna proprieties and he
established in Munich. There, he created ?Pansophia?. This society decided
to edit several Crowley books and it remained subject under OTO influence
and Frater Baphomet (Aleister Crowley). Several Pansophia adepts had
serious problems for accept Liber Legis (Book of Law) and Crowley as their
leader. An entity called Aiwass revealed Liber Legis to Crowley in Egypt,
in April, 1904. Germer remained by Crowley and he never didn?t left him.

In 1935, Nazis forbidden Astrum Argentum ?an order commanded by Crowley
since 1906 that depends of OTO-, OTO and another Masonic, Rosicrucian and
Templar orders. Karl Germer, Frater Saturnus, as a chief of German OTO,
was arrested and conducted to a concentration camp. Later, he was
liberated and when Second War World began, Belgium authorities arrested
again because he was German and they deported him to France, where he was
interned until 1941. Finally, he got a cabin in a boat that went to USA.

OTO AFTER CROWLEY

KARL GERMER OTO headquarters established in California (USA) till Crowley
died in 1947 and Karl Germer was his successor in front of OTO. Kenneth
Grant had joined in OTO in thirty decade y he had a near relation with
Crowley. January, 1952, the only Crowley legal successor, Karl Germer,
wrote to Grant: ?If we want that OTO goes on correctly, we must have a
competent leader, not only for England but the whole world. He must be
anybody who knows subject from inside? I think that you must be elected
for this place?.

But, in 1955, Grant, Crowley loyal pupil, became distant of OTO and he
found Nu-Isis Lodge in London, found Seth-Sirius current and he prosecuted
his way alone. Because of it, Karl Germer, as order Head, removed him from
OTO. In 1952, Marcelo Ramos Motta (Frater Parzival, 1931-1987) was joining
in Fraternitas Rosicruciana Antiqua of A. Krumm-Heller and in 1953
Krumm-Heller son, in person, instructed him in Germany. In 1956, Marcelo
Ramos Motta visited Germer in Barstow, USA. Motta was initiated in IX?
degree but he was disappointed. In 1961, Motta went to Brazil and he
developed Society OTO (Ordo Templi Orientis). Karl Germer died in October
25, 1962 in Jackson, because he has a prostate cancer and his wife, Sasha
Germer, has his testament. After five days he had died, Sasha Germer wrote
Marcelo Ramos Motta this letter: ?Our dear master is died. You are his
continuer. I give you this nomination took with my hands when he died,
because it was his last will?.

Marcelo Ramos Motta went on his work with Society OTO as Karl Germer
successor and, in 1987, he died because of myocardium infarct and
pulmonary oedema. Then, Society OTO divided and a Motta successor in front
of the order was North American David Bersson (Frater Sphinx).

SOCIETAS OTO

Gabriel L??ez de Rojas (Frater Prometeo) contacted with Society OTO-Astrum
Argentum of David Bersson in autumn, 1999; he was admitted as a member and
representative in Spain of Society OTO and Astrum Argentum in December,
1999. He joined officially in Society OTO and Astrum Argentum on January
11 and 28, 2000, with initiation names Prometeo and Oz, respectively; and
he represented both orders in Spain until 2000 end. Society OTO-Astrum
Argentum degrees had a low level, with documents like ?The black lodge
(I?-III?)?, and intern situation of both orders was very bad because they
were summit to David Bersson caprices. In December, 12ve, 1999, Ramon
Santiago wrote de Rojas: ?it seems that I Am the only one giving courage
in translate documents?. In another letter, in June, 13th, 2000, he
advised him that Bersson wanted ?put Astrum Argentum on ?sleep?, something
that I don?t understand?. So, Bersson wanted eliminated it, but he
completed a sending from I? to III? and ?documents for begin to understand
the Inner Circle from IV? to VI??.

At last of 2000, Gabriel L??ez de Rojas dissociate himself from Society
OTO-Astrum Argentum and structures again the only OTO heiress of the OTO
of Aleister Crowley. It provoked, in February, 2001, he  founded our
Societas OTO (Ordo Templi Orientalis) and historical relation of maximum
heads of OTO was:

1. Karl Kellner, Frater Renatus, 1895-1905
2. Theodor Reuss, Frater Peregrinus, 1905-1923
3. Aleister Crowley, Frater Baphomet, 1923-1947
4. Karl Germer, Frater Saturnus, 1947-1962
5. Marcelo Ramos Motta, Frater Parzival, 1962-1987
6. David Bersson, Frater Sphinx, 1987-2001
7. Gabriel L??ez de Rojas, Frater Prometeo, 2001-

International extension of Societas OTO has been a constant since its
foundation. Societas OTO has affiliated persons in more of twenty-five
countries of America and Europe principally, with National Heads or
Venerable, chapters (lodges), etc.

IRREGULAR OTO OR THE CIA OTO

Out of the lineage of authentic OTO of Aleister Crowley, Germer, Motta,
Bersson, de Rojas?, other organizations have used OTO name, most of them
without any relation with OTO of Aleister Crowley and other ones argue
this relation using only letters (OTO of Grady Louis McMurtry). In 1968,
North American military Grady Louis McMurtry knew Germer?s dead and, next
year, he reorganized Agape Lodge in California. He recovered of its files,
with ability, two Crowley letters, of March and April, 1946. In these
letters Crowley said that he capacitated McMurtry ?in necessity moments?
to reform Agape Lodge of OTO in California, under Germer approbation. In
fact, on 1947 Juny 6th, Crowley had written to Germer suggested him a
triumvirate with Mellinger, McMurtry and Roy Leffing under Germer
direction.On 1948 March, three months later of Crowley's death, Germer
wrote to McMurtry to communicate him that the triumvirate added to J. Wolf
.. Using these letters, a very little thing or nothing, McMurtry invented
that his OTO was the authentic OTO successor of Crowley, although his
argument rised of documents that do not named his successor and of a lodge
of 1969, and he began a famous judicial dispute. In May, 13th, 1985, a
trial was celebrated in California. It had to resolve who could use OTO
name in USA and could publish the order works. Trial contenders were
Society OTO of Marcelo Ramos Motta and Ordo Templi Orientis invented by
Grady McMurtry. The British OTO of Kenneth Grant and other OTO were named
during the trial. The result was favourable to Grady McMurtry, although he
died July, 12ve, 1985, the same day Agape Lodge of his OTO was legally
recognized as an American organization with OTO copyright in USA.

Motta accused McMurtry OTO of being a North American spy setting, of
famous CIA, probable enough, while OTO of McMurtry, a last time invent,
injustly appropriated of name OTO for a part of USA. There are rational
evidences for think that the theory of Motta is correct and point at OTO
of McMurtry, today a millionaire business, as a cover for CIA. Responsible
and members of OTO of McMurtry would be only 'aerials', conscious or
unconscious, of North American intelligence service, CIA, widespread on
the whole world, as well as activities of organization a way of
infiltration in countries or hostile regimes, with the aim of information.
				  
SOCIETAS OTO (2001)

Central Internacional

e-mail: soto@ordotempliorientalis.com

SOVEREIGN REDISM REPUBLIC OF TZI??


END --- site 06 ---



[EOF]
