

               ..     SOME PSYCHEDELIC EXPERIENCES     .. 
          _   (__)    ----------------------------    (__)   _ 
         |_|   ||       on LSD 25 and Psilocybin       ||   |_|
               ||       ------------------------       ||
                         by sunshine in 2009/02




 In  this  file  here  i  wanna  share  some  (parts)  of  my  psychedelic 
 experiences which i had on LSD 25 and psilocybin  mushrooms  ( stropharia
 cubensis f.e.) also known as "acid" and "magic  mushrooms".  I  was  also
 inspired to write this file by reading a few LSD 25 experience  textfiles
 which where a funny and very good read of course.

 I dont write this file to drive you to take any kind of psychedelic drug.
 Though i was inspired to try psychedelic drugs  by  the  book  of  Albert
 Hofmann "LSD My Problem Child" which is a very good read  because  Albert
 looked at LSD 25 with serious eyes but without to  forget the  beauty  of
 this spritual drug. Albert H. was  the  one  who  discovered  LSD  25  by
 chance - he died in the year 2008. ( RIP ) His  discovery  was  also  his
 first trip which is also included in his book of course. The trips inside
 of the book are very worth to read, really, they are very impressive.
  
 To have a good trip on psychedelic drugs a good set and setting  is  very
 important. This means you need to feel very good  and  you  need  a  good
 place, for example nature or your living room with your favourite music ,
 to have a good experience. Dont  use  LSD  25  for  fun  at  a  party  or
 something like that because the experience is very strong  and you are on
 LSD 25 for 8 - 10 hours or more - you should keep this in your mind. When
 you trip it is good to have natural things in your near like tea,  water,
 fruits and natural drinks. Telephone and such things should be turned off
 because it could ruin your trip.

 Mexican mushrooms have the same effects like LSD 25 but not  that  strong
 and the trip happens 4 - 6 hours only. Though it  is  a  deep  experience
 with mexican mushrooms. The main ingredient in mexican mushrooms  is  the
 so called psilocybin. And you can also have some problems like  qualm  in
 your stomach.

 A normal dosage of mexican mushrooms is 2,5 gram which is a  good  dosage
 for a good trip. But you will also have a trip on 1 gram of course but it
 will not be that long and that strong. A normal dosage of LSD 25  is  250
 microgram but here also 100 - 150 microgram will show its effect but  not
 that strong and that long. A higher dosage for  mexican  mushrooms  is  5
 gram and for LSD 500 microgram. I would not recommend  to  go  over  that
 dosage.

 When mushrooms are like a nice journey in a boat on a nice see in a  park
 then LSD is like a ride in a fast UFO in space or something like that.



 LSD 25
 ------

 So here comes my first experience on LSD 25. I was 20  years  old  and  a
 natty girl gave me the LSD 25 trip on a little piece of paper. It  was  a
 jubilee trip paper - a so called "Hofmann 2000". I dont know how big  the
 dosage was on that paper. The whole day before i had a nice  day  with  a
 friend of mine and we were enjoying the sunshine  and  the  nature  while
 talking about some stuff. And it was a really nice day.

 I took the LSD 25 in the morning  of  the  next  day.  At  first  nothing
 happened and then i thought i saw the first signs of the  LSD  25  and  i
 thought "Ah, this is LSD.". But at this moment  the  trip  had  not  even
 begun and was on its way to come. So i was laying on my bed  and  thought
 i was feeling it already. I mean i did but just a very little bit.

 I had my headphones on my head and listened to a  very  nice  psychedelic
 trance CD which a friend of mine had gave to me. And then i realised  the
 first signs of LSD. The music began to feel plastic - i felt the tones of
 the music. The music rushed through my whole body and  through  my  whole
 mind - it felt like as if i was the music, i melted with the music and we
 connected together like salt connects to water.

 I touched the structures of the music and it just felt great.  But  while
 time was passing the trip became stronger and stronger and when  i  tried
 to stand up from my bed i couldnt. I felt back again because it  came  so
 strong but not in a bad way - it was a great feeling but really so strong
 that i hadnt expect it that way. After 2 hours  or  something  like  that
 there was the time when LSD really came in.
 
 The funny thing was that some tracks of the music CD were just about  the
 same stuff what i had taken some hours ago. And when i heard in one track
 of the psychedelic trance CD a voice which said "IT OPENS DOORS" - i knew
 what the guy was talking about. But what do you expect from a psychedelic
 trance CD heh? ;-D

 When i went into the bathroom and i looked to the ground i saw  that  the
 ground was full of pattern which moved and floated inside of  each  other
 and in every moment in a different way. It looked like a  persian  carpet
 or something like that with moving patterns of course. The  patterns  had
 the color of the floor. The time in the bath was as if it stands still as
 if there was no time but only eternity - i never felt this before but  it
 was ok to feel that.

 Back in my room i layed myself down on my bed  again  to  listen  to  the
 music because it felt so great to touch and feel it.  My  mind  was  wide
 open. When i touched my fingers there was a little electric field on them
 and it felt great to touch the fingertips - it really felt  electric  but
 not like normal electric it was more like psychedelic electric - it was a
 soft but strong energy.

 When i looked at my walls i saw also these psychedelic patterns. It was a
 woodchip wallpaper and the patterns were formed out of these patterns. It
 looked just beautyfull and  i  saw  the  rainbow  colors  on  the  little
 patterns of the wallpaper. The psychedelic patterns  on  the  wall  moved
 very fast but again they melted and floated together very soft and  every
 moment was a moment of a new pattern. It all looked  aesthetic  too  like
 the ground before but a bit softer from the patterns. The patterns on the
 ground and on the wall all looked symmetric like a moving kaleidoscope.

 When i was laying on my bed and the trip was very strong i  felt  like  i
 was laying on a shooting star which is flying with me  up  into  the  sky
 with lightspeed and it was so fast of course but it felt great and strong
 together. When i moved my hand before my eyes then it was a visual choppy
 movement and i could see my arm a few times when i moved it around.

 The hours passed by and i came down and i was a bit sad because the  trip
 was so good and i knew it is over now. The sun was shining outside and  i
 was listening to classic music like i had read  it  in  the  book  of  A.
 Hofmann - they used classic music  in  one  of  their  trips  and  i  was
 inspired to listen to it by them. I was coming down and this music was  a
 good one for coming down. The time was 12 oclock midday and i had a  trip
 of nearly 10 hours. But it was a good trip.

 This trip was an inspiration. Also from an art point of view.

 After the trip i swapped my food what i had with  another  guy  for  some
 normal bread to eat something natural and it tasted great. I felt  a  bit
 weak after the trip and i also felt very alone which was a  bad  feeling,
 really. But then a friend of mine came and i thanked him that he came  to
 visit me and i told him that i was on LSD 25 the whole day before.

 The day after i felt a bit unsettled because of the strong  LSD  25  trip
 the day before and i knew i had changed but also i felt really great some
 time later of that day.



 psilocybin #1
 -------------

 I was at home when i made this trip on  mexican  mushrooms.  I  used  the
 recipe to make the mushrooms like the business man did it  back  in  1530
 , like mentioned in the book "LSD my problem child" ,  in  their  rituals
 when they came back from their business journey and on their travel  they
 had eaten the mushrooms and after their trips they told each  other  what
 they saw and had experienced.

 So i used milk, chocolate and 2,5 gram of mexican mushrooms. I heated the
 milk and when it was hot i gave a whole bar of chocolate to it and then i
 mixed it that the chocolate melted and then it was  fine  hot  chocolate.
 The mushrooms can taste very bitter and i think because of this chocolate
 with honey was used by them.
 
 Then i gave the cutted 2,5 gram mexican mushrooms  into  that  drink  and
 went form the kitched into my room. My mother was also at home and it was
 the early night when i did it. But my mother didnt noticed anything  when
 i made the drink in her kitchen. Yeah i was also very careful.

 So i waited a while that the mushrooms will  give  away  all  their  good
 active agent to the drink. Then i drunk the whole can and waited for  the
 coming effects.

 I was listening to a psychedelic CD from "spectral" and the name of their
 album was "diffuse" - it was a very  good one with  elements  from  other
 cultures like africa. I enjoyed the pattern of  the  music  and  it  felt
 great. Thanks to spectral for their album "spectral - diffuse".

 I was laying on my bed and just enjoyed the joy what the music was giving
 to me. I felt the music in my brain and in my body. It was like food  for
 your ears and the music was wide opened and the tones in it you could see
 with your ear and the tones touched you - you could feel them very softly
 and sensitive.

 When i turned off the music i listened to the nature  sounds  which  came
 through the window.

 I was listening to the birds outside. And i closed my eyes.  And  when  i
 heared them i saw their voices and their chirping in my mind  and  i  saw
 visuals in my brain and my mind of what came in into my ears. It  was  as
 if i was swimming through their voices and through their sounds.  I  felt
 and saw what they were singing. It was great. I  saw  lots  of  colorfull
 pattern, going through my mind - a pleasure.

 I also was listening to the wind and that was the best part of the  trip.
 The wind was wafting through the leaves of the tree. You know the  sounds
 which you hear when wind is wafting through the leaves, it is rustling  -
 but not anylonger. The leaves sounded like little bells, and i mean  real
 bells. And they played a melody - a wonderfull symphony.  There  was  not
 one sound which was not in harmony with all the others.  No.  All  leaves
 on that tree played a wonderfull melody with every single  whiff  of  the
 wind together - everything was in harmony. This was awesome.

 Yeah and some time later sadly the trip was  over.  But  even  weeks  and
 months after that trip when i heared the birds they sounded different and
 i was remembering this beautyfull trip.



 psilocybin #2
 -------------

 Not much to say here but on that trip i was eating a few of the mushrooms
 from hawaii which also include psilocybin  but  they  are  lots  of  more
 strong than the ones from mexico though they are  much  smaller  and  you
 have to eat only a few to get a good trip. One gram here is like 2,5 gram
 from the mexican ones.

 Because it was only a small dosage the trip was not that long but  i  was
 on the beach camping with some friends and i just listened to the  sounds
 of the waves of the ocean. I layed in our tent while i was tripping,  the
 other people were exploring the city.

 The sound of the ocean was so big and the waves played  some  sounds  and
 every tone in the ocean melted together to one  great  orchestra  but  an
 enormous and powerfull orchestra that on some points of the trip  it  was
 hard to hear that because you became an  awe-inspiring  feeling  which  i
 didnt had before.

 The ocean played a melody but with enormous sounds  of  waves  and  every
 tones sounded so enormous and now think about how huga a beach is and how
 many waves there are on the beach when you look from left to  right.  Now
 all what you would see was in my case an orchestra in that  dimension  so
 it was huge and there were so many sounds, i never heared so many  sounds
 in such a way. It was really enormous to hear.

 You had the whole spectrum of sounds in your ear. Imagine just a part  of
 the ocean - a part from what you can hear the waves and the sounds of the
 ocean - so a few hundred meters long and many meters deep (into the ocean
 ) like a quadrat or better an oblong. Now imagine this oblong is full  of
 enourmous sounds, probably thousends of sounds and you all hear  them  as
 one enormous powerfull melody in your ears. So it felt to me - it  was  a
 very strong experience.

 I think because the ocean is very strong so the tones on that little  but
 impressive journey sounded strong too - so i heard  the  truth  about the
 ocean in a melody about how strong the ocean is.



 psilocybin #3
 -------------

 On that trip i was camping with some friends in a forest. It was  a  very
 nice place to trip because all around there was only nature and forest.

 At home, before we started the journey to that place,  i  was  mixing  my
 mushroom drink. I used chocolate, hot milk and the mushrooms and  put  it
 all together in one bottle of glass. Before it was all in a pot of course
 and was heated that the chocolate was melting and that the mushrooms gave
 away their active agents.

 The mushrooms were fresh harvested from an own breeding in  a  grow  box.
 They were very fresh and because of this very  strong.  I  let  them  for
 hours into that bottle before i was drinking some of it. I used 2,5  -  3
 gram for that mixture - homegrown mexican mushrooms - Stropharia Cubensis.

 When we were celebrating in the forest to some  good  music,  drinks  and
 food i was drinking some of the chocolate with mushrooms. And because the
 mushrooms were in that bottle for many hours it was very strong, and also
 because the mushrooms were fresh harvested but dry  already.  I  mean,  i
 just drunk from that bottle, i did not eat one from the mushrooms  inside
 or parts of them i was just drinking it and also not much. And i am happy
 about this because it came really strong.

 Some time later the trip began. I saw the nature and the plants around me
 but they didnt looked normal - they looked like energy. And i knew it was
 all energy what i saw. The plants were pure energy which came out of  the
 ground of the earth - and it was all one big field of energy.

 Then i saw a little girl from a woman who was also there and when  i  saw
 her i saw light which came out of her and it was the light of life itself
 - it was as if i can see heaven and it was a part of heaven which i  saw.
 She was a little child and above her there was pure blessing and light. I
 saw the flame of life in her and the  meaning  of  life  -  this  was  so
 beautyfull. I knew she was a creation from God.

 But i also had some other impressions which were not  always  that  good.
 For example one friend of mine sadly looked demonic or a bit like a demon
 but another guys face looked aestethic, symmetric and nice. The table  on
 which we were sitting looked barbarian like a shamble -  because  of  all
 that i was leaving the table and also because i couldnt eat and i had  no
 hunger.

 The feeling on the trip with all the people was great, it was life itself
 what i felt and saw. People celebrating in peace and harmony.


 --- 


 So these were some of my psychedelic experiences. I thank GOD for  giving
 us such great plants like mexican mushrooms to experience something which
 is indeed great. Sadly some stupid people  try  to  forbid  these  plants
 because these evil pigs think they are "god" - but of course they are not.
 Be always very carefully that they dont get you with this stuff - i  mean
 people are hunting people for owning plants - what a stupid bullshit.

 A psychedelic experience is a  serious  journey  and  should  be  planned
 carefully if someone makes the decision to try or do it. Because  it  can
 also be dangerous if someone who tries it has  a  weak  mindset  or  some
 problems in his life - but on the other side such an experience can  help
 to understand problems and yourself.

 But dont get lost people in the drug culture. I think it is not wrong  to
 try a psychedelic experience but there is a difference between being high
 all day and to make such a journey a few times a year or one time a  year
 or something like that. I think lesser is more in that case.  It  is  the
 same with cannabis / ganja ( THC Delta 9 ): dont get high all  the  time.
 If you wanna use ganja then use it a few times a year or one time a month
 or something like that or make your experiences and then stop it  forever
 - you can get lost.


 Thanks for reading that textfile.
 God & Jesus may bless you.
 -- sunshine \ 2009/02



(EOF)

