Self-Defence For Minorities

Many nations have neighbourhoods for minorities alone. There was a country 
which, during the 1940.s, also made minorities clutter around in places of 
their own . Nazi Germany. With that in mind, here.s a brief self defence 
guide for minorities.

I. Be a step ahead
Let.s say you move to a new apartment. According to research, the common 
human being tends towards bias and drawing conclusions on the spot. And 
they discriminate.

Your chess move is to stay silent. For one thing, no one likes a loud 
mouth, which should award you some neutrality from other neighbours and, 
secondly, the trick we will be using is giving your enemy enough rope to 
hang themselves. For our purposes, it is them who will do all the talking.

II. Easy surveillance
Spy cameras in the shape of pens are extremely cheap and essentially, 
impossible to spot as a threatening device. They come with audio and 
video, in different resolutions, and can connect via USB.

What you will be doing is placing this pen or similar device (pack of 
cigarettes cam, teddy bear cam) and immediately point it towards them. You 
will be keeping track of their every move before they.ve done anything at 
all. If and when it comes the time to present evidence to your local civil 
rights movement association, they will accept this evidence gladly.

III. Don.t get mad, get everything
The point behind these strategies is that, discrimination and mobbing 
being illegal, you want them to make all the moves, should they decide to 
discriminate against you.

There are the rare times, however, when you have a conversation face to 
face with the harassers. Do not ever lose your temper, use this trick 
instead; insult them thoroughly but in classy, polite language, and they 
will simply not know how to respond. That way you conserve your dignity 
while not putting yourself in a rough spot.

IV. Be like Elliot Ness
Sometimes your neighbours won.t be so easy to catch. But no one is perfect 
and they are bound to make a mistake in some aspect of their lives.

If, for instance, they are remodelling, you can hire a decibel measuring 
crew to record the loud sounds. That was how Al Capone was caught after 
all, for tax evasion, not for selling liquor and, you know, killing 
people.

V. Don't give them the last word, give them every word
You may be talking on the phone about personal affairs when you hear the 
neighbours mocking you or whatever. They may listen to you giving out your 
number.

It would be wise to get caller ID in case they figure out your phone and 
call and hang up. It adds to yet another weapon in your arsenal.

If you experience any of these problems in more than one place of 
residence, you can send the data to the authorities anonymously.
