"My Sister Teaches Me" 
                                                                    13 July 1969 
 
I always knew that  the best erotic experience contains no  images, so I decided 
to write one. This is literature and I hope you enjoy it. 
 
It was the beginning of December. A  lot of raining outside. Tired after another 
long night  of hacking  I was  very reluctant  to get  out of  my den.  I looked 
through the window to check if the new parabolic antenna from accross the street 
had a different  tilting. The big black  cable was still in place,  no traces of 
snow. Nothing. 
 
I was thinking  about those "0-day" vulnerabilities. They call  them "0-day" for 
the number of days that have passed after the fix is released. They had no clue. 
They sold  them and  traded them  for fun and  profit and  they still  do. Large 
companies  buy this  kind of  information  to control  the market  and obtain  a
strategic  advantage  over their  competitors.  Clueless  ignorance! It  is  the 
pleasure of finding things out that makes the difference! 
 
 
I go back to my chair and pour  another drop of brandy. I cannot afford an extra 
old edition but this is quite an enchanting taste from Australia. It smells like 
chocolate and sandal wood. A stranger slowly walks down the street using a black 
umbrella. He doesn't have sunglasses, so all is safe. 
 
I need to focus. I gave up sending lamers back to school since 1969, but this is 
interesting. I found  "+OWK". I thought he died in  Egypt studying heraldics and 
UFOs.  You know,  the "Old  Wood Kracker"  who wrote  most of  those pleasurable 
reverse  engineering tutorials.  Nobody actually  realized that  "R" stands  for 
"cauta, cauta" and that  "the legend of the pink cross"  is an anime collection.
He's a funny,  walking encyclopedia of anything and everything.  But this is not 
what this is about. I found a website in China selling a DVD which teaches women 
how to  control their husbands. I  carefully studied the description  and it was 
just another covert way  of saying that "the human animal can  be trained like a 
dog". What a mess. 
 
This is so bad  I close the winkey_NSA() api from my debugger  and hit Ctrl-D. I 
wrote my own debugger after reverse  engineering the last "crackme" from Claude. 
I had to. It  was nothing spooky on the DVD but it  was too impersonal: "she has 
to be cold and careless, and always control  the tone of her voice. There are no 
chains  and wipes,  but  the lashes  are made  of  psychological pain  carefully 
inflicted with surgical precision". 
 
This is bad, I can't  focus. It reminds me of her. I was  about to create a .GPG 
file  which zeroes  out the  free space  from Claude's  harddisk and  checks for
memory errors. So many tricks to do and I can't get her of my mind. 
 
But how can  I tell her? She has  small brown eyes and a long,  simple red hair. 
She doesn't care too much about her looks,  but she is gorgeous. There is no way 
I can tell her,  and I keep erasing possible clues so that  she doesn't find out 
by herself. I'm careful and precise, there  is no room for mistake. When I stare
at her I always get the feeling that she knows. It's overwhelming but there's no 
grin on my face. I just keep on going. 
 
Suddenly the door  behind my back opens  and she's in. How  convenient! I didn't 
have the  time to  react and  look back.  She came  to get  some books  from the 
library she keeps here and wanted to  check what I'm doing. No call, no warning. 
I  was very  embarassed about  my  thoughts and  I completely  forgot about  the 
computer. 
 
-- Hey bro, what's up? 
-- Umm.... Hi, nothing, just the same old.. 
-- You're not doing something illegal again, isn't it?  
-- No...  well.. that depends  on the user perspective.   
  She smiles. 
-- I don't  want you get  caught, you  waste all nights with these machines  and 
you don't have time to live  your life. When was it the  last time  you got out? 
  I was annoyed. 
-- From the house? 
--  .. with somebody? 
-- Look, there is no reason to start this. 
-- I know. 
-- You know? 
-- Yes. This is why I am here. 
 
I was  scared. I felt a  weakness in my  knees. We always had  this conversation 
about me and life and the outside world but this is the first time that she does 
not want to. What  did she find out? Did I get sloppy?  I prepare myself for two
"uncontrolled"  tornados  spinning in  opposite  direction  and "pressing"  each
other, just  like two space and  time blackholes from TV.  Remembering about the 
computer display  behind my neck  I start thinking how  unlikely it is  that she 
missed it. This is  it! An interesting feeling to explore and  I still wonder if 
she had surgically planned this vulnerability all along. 
 
She gets closer and  keeps gazing into my eyes. I feel my  stomach implode and I 
completely forget that I  am still online in a foreign  country. I was terrified 
and I couldn't care less. She takes my  hand and brings me to the sofa. I notice 
some books about  parapsychology on the table  but I don't have the  time to see 
the titles. 
  
-- Sit - she sais.  
  So I did.  
-- No, not there. Down! 
 
That moment I  felt so lost and helpless  that I did. I was  expecting the worst 
nightmares to come  true. She brings a small  chair for me to sit  down near the 
sofa. She carefully guides me to sit down  with my back towards the sofa. It was 
so cool to  feel powerless but I took  the time to look on  the computer screen:
the screensaver! Pheuh! I felt such a relief. 
 
Next she sits down on the sofa right behind  my back. I can't see her. I want to 
turn around but she  stops me. "Do not look. Close your  eyes. Stretch your legs 
together and  relax". I could  only hear her  breath and whispering.  She gently
hugs me from behind  by putting her right hand palm accross  my left breast, her 
arm across my  chest. She leans forward  over my back and firmly  rests her left 
hand palm on my  left shoulder. I felt tears in my eyes  for some reason; we sit 
like that for a while. 
 
I lost  all control. I lost  the notion of time.  I lost the notion  of space. I 
didn't know  where I was. It  was so quiet  and peaceful. I was  aroused without 
being  aroused!  That was  a  fantastic  feeling.  My  hands were  hanging  down 
powerless. I  wanted to  spread them and  take off. What  was she  whispering? I 
didn't  know but  I could  certainly feel  it.  What was  it? I  felt my  entire 
universe inside  her. I could fly  without wings. She was  experiencing waves of
joy and I was  there to feel them. To live them! She  was my happy universe! How 
come? I started to hear and feel  her heartbeats. Every heartbeat made my entire 
body gently tremble. It was so extatic! 
 
We sat like that forever. She was a little  bit tired and I felt it, so I put my 
palm on her knee. She smiled and stopped.  I wanted to whisper "Thank You" and I 
kissed her knee. 
 
                                                                        by HGPP1
