          
          
          
                      Let the Airline Pick Up the Tab
          
               How can you fly from point A to point B without
          ever opening your wallet? You've got to know your way
          around an airline. 
               The easiest way to fly free is to get yourself
          bumped. 
               Airlines typically overbook their flights by 10%
          to 30%, knowing that a certain number of paying
          passengers will not show up for one reason or another. 
          Sometimes, though, their calculations are off, and
          they're faced with 200 seats and 205 passengers, five
          of whom are likely to become very annoyed unless
          something is done in a hurry. 
               That's where you come in.  You made a reservation
          on that flight, because you knew it was very
          overbooked.  And you are standing at the end of the
          check-in line, observing airline officials as they
          realize their predicament.  So, you step out of line,
          find an airline representative, and offer to be bumped
          from the flight.  You're doing the airline a favor --
          and in return, it will do you the favor of allowing you
          to fly to your destination free on the next plane out. 
          What's more, the airline will put cash in your pocket
          for your trouble.  (The amount varies, depending on the
          airline and the circumstances.)
          
          The frequent flyer story
          
               Many airlines offer frequent flyer programs that
          allow passengers to accumulate points every time they
          take a trip with that airline, and then redeem them in
          the form of free tickets to selected destinations.  You
          have to fly a lot of miles to win any free trips, but
          for the business traveler, this is an easy way to
          arrange free travel. 
               The main problem with Frequent Flyer programs is
          that they change their rules or become discontinued
          altogether faster than you can say, "I'd like a round-
          trip ticket to Cabos San Lucas, please."  The best way
          to get up-to-date information is to contact the
          airlines themselves. 
               If you know you won't travel enough in any given
          year to accumulate enough points as a Frequent Flyer to
          earn a free trip, you can still take advantage of
          Frequent Flyer miles.  Coupon brokers buy these
          Frequent Flyer awards and resell them to the public at
          very low prices.  Coupons are especially good deals if
          you want to fly first or business class or if you will
          be flying a very long distance.  Generally, you must
          wait five to six weeks to get the coupon issued in your
          name. 
               But you must be careful when dealing with coupon
          brokers.  Airlines are not fond of what coupon brokers
          are doing and are on the lookout for tickets purchased
          from them.  For the past several years, airlines have
          been confiscating tickets issued by coupon brokers and
          leaving the ticket buyers stranded at boarding gates
          all over the world. 
               It is not illegal for coupon brokers to operate in
          most countries, but it is illegal in some.  It is,
          however, against the airlines' rules in all countries,
          which prohibit the sale of Frequent Flyer coupons. 
               But if you're willing to take the risks, you will
          be rewarded with a very cheap airline ticket.  You will
          usually find coupon brokers advertising in the travel
          classified advertising of major Sunday newspapers
          around the world.
          
          
          
