 
 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
 
 
                                   presents
 
                              The Final Conflict
 
                                      by
 
                              Bloody Afterbirth
                               Toxic File  #68
 
         Centre Of Eternity : 615.552.5747  12/24 40 Megs Lotsa Files
                         Headquarters of Toxic Shock
 
                  Lunatic Labs : 213.655.0691  3/24  ?? Megs
                   A very good and highly recommended board
 
      Demon Roach Underground : 806.794.4362  ?/24  82 Megs  Mega Files
                  cDc base board.  Find the logins yourself.
 
 
                  Thoughts after this file was completed...
 
   This story is not what I thought it would be.
   The ending of this story surprised me more than anything I've ever
written, for Toxic Shock or not.  I did not intend for it to go the way it
did, but alas, the story took a mind of its own.  I use this story to
express some of my views of the world...I hope you find them interesting...
And oh yes...the ending...I am not Christian, and I do not think I will be
Christian again in my life.  I ended the story this way as a statement, not
as an expression of what I think will happen...you will understand.
 
         Bloody Afterbirth
 
 
 
 
!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*!@#$%^&*
 
   Never again will I make the meaning/purpose/intent of a STORY as obvious
as I'm going to make it in this file.  The attitudes expressed by Steve
Conyer are mine, and not necessarily those of any other Toxin.  If you have
any doubt what so ever about what I'm trying to say in this file, then you
are stupider than even *I* could imagine.
   If you have paid any attention at all, you will notice that there are
several different ideas as to what Fetus and Coathanger are...  When I wrote
the original file for Toxic, I had certain, rather silly, notions about the
two.  That was fine for awhile, and fit our also rather silly notions about
what we should be doing in our files.
   Fetus changed into the ultimate Party Dude in some of my more bizarre
files (Prophecies Of The End Times comes to mind quickly.)
   Gross Genitalia did his World Of Dreams #1, thus making Fetus out to be
an identity assumed by a highly evolved being that was dreaming our
'reality'.
   Later on (actually earlier, but you wouldn't notice such a thing), I did
my editorial for The Flaming Fetus...  If you read that the way it was meant
to be read, I made Fetus out to be a very undesirable entity that I had no
desire to support...
   And now, I'm going to confuse it even more.  In this file, Coathanger
will remain what he has always been, but Fetus will take on an identity that
we have yet to explore...  You'll see what I mean.
   But to explain...  Just as our needs, desires, and forms of expression
change, so will the things we use to express ourselves.  I normally put some
kind of meaning behind my files, and sometimes use Fetus as a metaphor.
(The editorial, for example.)  As the metaphor changes, so will Fetus.
   As others come up with different ways of saying things, He will probably
change a little more and more...  There is no set thing for what Fetus
really and truly is...  It depends upon the mood of the writer.
   And my mood is interesting.
 
*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!*&^%$#@!
 
   Humans...Hrumph...
   Puny little things...such ARROGANCE...
   They destroy everything...and thoughtlessly...
   Such a shallow minded species..so greedy and selfish...
   And they owe their entire existence to ME...
 
   Creator sighed.  His followers were not following.
   What can I do to correct this?
 
   "SSSSSSSTTTTTTTTTTTTOOOOOOOOOOOOPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
 
   Noone heard the scream of a frustrated Super Being.
 
   "*I* MADE YOU!!!  LISTEN TO ME!!!!!!!!!"
 
   Still noone heard him.
 
   If they will not listen..if they continue to be such mindless fools..then
I have but one choice.  I must destroy my creation...
 
   Creator lifted an Almighty Leg and squeezed out a bubble of his will from
his butt cheeks...and it had about as much effect as a gnat fart does on a
space shuttle lift off.
   What?  Creator The Omnipotent?
   WHY?!?!?!?! is my will NOT being exercised RIGHT NOW?!?!?!?!?!?
   I *DEMAND* that ALLLLLLLLLL my STUPID little CARBON BASED SHITWADS be
destroyed RIGHT NOW in a BLIND RAGE of my AWESOME FURIOUS POWER!  WHERE IS
MY DESTRUCTIVE STORM---------uh oh.
 
   Self realization suddenly slammed into Creator's chest like a fly into a
windshield on the interstate.  He could pour forth voluminous amounts of
posterior spray in an effort to destroy, but it would have zilch effect.
He, The Creator Of All, was JUST Creator.
   Well WHAT goddamn good is creating if I can't DESTROY?!?!?
 
   For awhile, Creator sat in silence...thinking over his choices...and with
a brief bit of anal insight, he realized something..Coathanger and Fetus both
had destructive powers...would they?
 
   Coathanger and Fetus appeared before Creator, gouging and kicking and
clawing and biting and rending and tearing at each other, screaming
obscenities and flinging steamy piles of shit at each other.
   They suddenly discovered that they had an audience.
 
   "I want you two to go down to Dirtball and kill everyone."
   Fetus and Coathanger looked at Creator, turned to look at each other,
then fell to the floor with howls of laughter.
"HAHAHHAAHA...Buh-HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA....HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHHAAHA!!!"
   After a long time, Coathanger regained his composure.
   "We need your puny man-things for our power, Crater.  The same foolish
things they do that anger you so are the things that grant us strength.  Why
should we do ANYTHING for you?"
   Fetus tried to say something, but couldn't get it past his laughter.
   "I am prepared to grant you more power than you have ever known before."
   Fetus sobered immensely.
   "You can do this?"  His curiosity was immediately at the forefront.
   "I will boost each of yours power...in exchange for that service, you
will turn your own followers against each other.  A battle between your
forces, to wipe out their majority..."
   Coathanger scratched an eyelid.  "Hmmmmm..This is tempting, Allwhitemeat.
But there is a problem with this..."
   "Yes?"
   "We must have bodies.  I may only take human form for a short time... And
my..friend..here can only assume the shape of a fetus.  This will not do."
   "Yes.  You must grant us form.  Give us a shape that we can maintain with
no effort until the war has been waged."  Fetus licked his charred jaw bone,
the thought of a final confrontation greatly turned him on.
   "Bodies...and a power like you have never seen.  I choose your form."
   "Deal", Coathanger and Fetus for once in agreement.
 
   As the bodies began to take shape, the essence of each entered...  Fetus
awaited the formation of a mouth, then voiced a question...
   "What power is this, that you so readily give to us?"
 
   Creator's lips spread in a patronizing grin and his voice was like a
whisper..."The media."
 
!#%&*^$@!#%&*^$@!#%&*^$@!#%&*^$@!#%&*^$@!#%&*$@!#%&*^$@!#%&*^$@!#%&*^$@
 
   Fetus slammed into a cafe, looking for a mirror of some type.  Noone was
screaming or fleeing from him.  As a matter of fact, he was getting
appreciative glances from a few of the better looking females.
   Eat Well Cafe...great...a health food store...he was beginning to grow
hungry anyway...Hunger?  Oh gads..Creator went all out...this body even had
urges...like that gorgeous blonde..oh how he'd love to get into--
 
   A microphone was jabbed into his face by a puny little man beside a TV
camera.
   "Mr. Conyer, what do you think of the new law banning abortion in all 50
states?"
   Before Fetus could think about what he was doing, his mouth began to
speak all by itself...what a soft voice this body had...
   "I think it is another of the Greyface schemes to control the lives of
every individual in this country.  Who has the right to tell anyone else how
to live their life?  These people that are so against abortion have never
been put into a situation where one was necessary!  Let the president's
daughter get raped and see who gets an abortion!"
   The applause of the people in the cafe made Fetus feel good inside.. Oh
geez...This body and it's mind was that of a human rights activist...What
possible damage could he do to Coathanger with a body like this??
 
*^$@!#%&*^$@!#%&*^$@!#%&*^$@!#%&*^$@!#%&*^$@!#%&*^$@!#%&*^$@!#%&*^$@!#%&
 
   Coathanger found himself surrounded by fat, ugly, loud mouthed women
yelling their praises for someone called "Jacobs"...Strangely, they all
looked to him...
   Him?
   He looked down and noticed that he was the fattest, ugliest of them all.
His breasts sagged to his waist, and the blue and white flowered dress he
wore was so plain as to hurt his eyes.  He held something in his -- her? --
hand...He brought it up to see what it was...and as he raised it in the air,
he heard his screeching voice pound out into the air--
   "We have DEFENDED our HOLY BOOK once AGAIN!!!  Those VILE women who would
KILL their BABIES have at LAST been STOPPED! Oh praise JEEEEEESUS!  Let us
ALL pray and worship RIGHT NOW to give THANKS to our lord JEEEEESUS for
giving us this victory TODAY!!!"
   Hymns sprang out of the mouths of hundreds.
   Creator had a perverted sense of humor...he was also stupid if he thought
he was going to parade around as a bible thumping self righteous Fundy.
He'd just give THIS up RIGHT NOW.....
   And a thought went into his head.  "Fetus walks the earth.  You can
combat him, or you can let him have free reign. . ."
   This was going to get interesting.
 
!@#*&^$%!@#*&^$%!@#*&^$%!@#*&^$%!@#*&^$%!@#*&^$%!@#*&^$%!@#*&^$%!@#*&^$%
 
   Fetus gathered that his name was Steve Conyer and that he was a very well
liked individual...he began to recall engagements and appointments he had
made, mainly for speaking...and he began to like the attitudes of this body.
It made sense...And His Followers had also felt similarly...so this is what
it was like to have compassion...
   A mirror in the cafe had shown him to have long black hair and
penetrating blue eyes...He wore a little cap that reminded him of something
the colonists had worn...The body was thin and trim, in excellent shape...
But Fetus supposed being a Vegetarian would have something to do with that..
   No meat?  Oh GADS...Creator must be having a blast...
   Hours later, Fetus found his body driving towards a small college
auditorium.  His rainbow colored Volkswagen putted right along, and he was
again welcomed by a mass of people...
   Up to the podium he strode...He had been listening to the news lately,
and things began to take shape...Fetus began to assume the identity.
   "Yes, we have lost a small battle my friends...As you all know, the bill
they passed bans abortion.  I suppose I should be glad, as I think abortion
is murder..."  Gasps from the audience.  This was not what they wanted to
hear.
   "But, I am deeply troubled instead.  My personal feelings have nothing to
do with the law.  Is it my right to decide what another may do with his or
her body?  We cannot give up the fight.  The bill MUST be repealed!  If we
pull together -- and FIGHT -- then we CAN overcome those religious fanatics
who would try to RUN OUR LIVES!!!"
   Screams and applause..this was the Steve they knew and respected..And
yeah, they would fight...they would do anything he asked...These were true
followers...
   And the entire nation was full of them..He had not known he had had so
many followers...Ahhhhhh...the reporters were spreading his ideas all over
the television and newspapers...Everyone knew what he felt...And that
hypocritical bitch Carol Jacobs was his main opponent on all his issues...
She too had quite a following. . .And the press coverage they both got did
INDEED give them quite a bit of power.
   Power...a following...Ms. Jacobs must be the form Coathanger had been
given...He would love to see that one...heh heh!
 
                                    * * *
 
   Coathanger/Jacobs read the paper with a slight grin...it was fairly
obvious that this Steve Conyer bastard was the form Creator had given Fetus.
The only person in the entire country that had the influence that she had...
Equal rights?  Human rights?  What do these things have to do with the
Bible?
   Hmmm...I must get rid of this man...a debate.. Yes, we shall have a
debate!
 
                                    * * *
 
   Two weeks later, in Freedom Hall, thousands of people gathered to hear
and see their Mascots Of Morality.  The media was all over it...everyone in
the country would see the debate, or read about it tomorrow.
   A well dressed man in a light blue jacket approached the microphone and a
hush fell across the audience...
   "Thank you all for coming tonight.  As you know, Steve Conyer and Carol
Jacobs will be here to debate their side of some of the issues they have so
thoroughly stood up for.  If you will please remain silent until after the
debate, things will flow much more smoothly.  Thank you."
   A small amount of disobedient applause flew up from the crowd as both of
the Warriors took their places at the podiums.  They approached their
respective mikes, staring each other down like gunfighters, waiting for that
twitch of an eye that signaled the drawing of the six shooter.
   Steve moved towards the mike first.
   "So you think you've won the war..."
   "That would be a safe assumption,"  Ms. Jacobs' cocky screech contrasted
with Steve's soft voice, causing a slight moan to escape from some of the
members of the audience.
   "Show me ONE VERSE in your HOLY book that says abortion is murder."
   "The HOLY SPIRIT moved me to fight for this cause, " applause and AMENs
from some, "  It need not be in the Bible for I KNOW in my heart that I am
right!"
   "You cannot show me where in your doctrine Abortion is a 'sin'.  Yet I
can show you where your text says to abide by the decisions of the rulers
and government placed above you.  Why do you fight their decisions when they
disagree with your opinion?  Are you not sinning?"
   "Behind me, Satan!  You think you can sway me by quoting a few verses
from the Bible?  I know I'm right!"  Her screech getting higher pitched as
she was accused rightfully.  "And...I am not fighting the government!"
   "Of COURSE you're not.  Now.  They have changed to agree with you and the
biggest political monster of all time...Christianity.  There is such a thing
as Seperation Of Church And State, you know."
   "Well there SHOULDN'T be!  The morality of THIS COUNTRY is in trouble,
the youth of today are in such BAD SHAPE because of that concept!  Why, the
morals of Christianity that the Bible teaches are the ONLY way to solve the
problems of this world!"
   Steve began to feel an inner warmth..the surge of the battle lust..
   "The morals?  The MORALS of Christianity?  What makes your religion the
right religion for everyone?  Why should everyone be forced to follow the
teachings of that book?"
   "Because THESE are the WORDS OF GOD!!"  Screams and praises and
hallelujahs rang through the hall with her words.
   "And the Moslems have the Words Of Allah.  The Jews have the Words Of
Jehovah.  And I worship the Almighty Frigidaire in the Sky.  I know that at
the end times, all people will go through the Terrible Spin Cycle, and all
the filthy shall be rinsed clean or be destroyed in the Awesome Dry Cycle.
I know this to be true because my Holy Box Of Detergent says so!"
   "You make a mockery of religion.  The Bible says that it is right and I
have faith that it is!"
   "Faith...that means you believe in something you cannot prove.  That
means you could be wrong.  And wrong you are, about the abortion issue.  But
the issue isn't REALLY about whether women have the right to terminate a
pregnancy, IS it, Ms. Jacobs?"  A taunt crept into his voice.
   "I'm not sure what you are implying."
   "Let's look at the REAL issue BEHIND abortion.  You could care less
about the life of a fetus.  You don't march and get activistic over the
hungry in Ethiopia. You don't march for the starving children all over the
world who SUFFER their lives to an end.  They are dying, and we KNOW they
are alive. It isn't the ending of life that you are so worried about."
   "Oh, it ISN'T, eh?"
   "No.  You cannot stand the idea that a woman could have premarital sex
and, in the event that she accidentally got pregnant, not have to bear the
burden of the child.  Sex is the real issue here."
   "And why should Abortion be used as BIRTH CONTROL?!?!?!!!  If people
don't want babies, they SHOULDN'T HAVE SEX!!!"
   "Sex is an expression of deep love.  There are effective means of birth
control out there.  Condoms, the foam, the pill.  But accidents can and do
happen.  Why should people not be able to express their love?  And why
should a woman be forced to bear a child she does not want?  What kind of
life would it then live?"
   "That's not important."
   "Oh, I see.  You just want more fresh meat for your propaganda and brain
washing.  More numbers for the Crusading Christians, huh?"
   "That is NOT what I want!  The babies that are M-U-R-D-E-R-E-D are going
to go to Heaven and are spared a life of pain!"
   "Then you should be glad we have abortion.  Think of all the souls that
will be singing in your choir in Heaven come Judgement Day.  All the little
babies of the world..."
   "That...is...disgusting..."
   "You said the babies were spared a life of pain.  I suppose you don't
WANT to spare them that?  I suppose you would rather them risk getting
corrupted by S-A-T-A-N!"  Steve's blood was rushing..Fetus was having fun.
   "Satan!  That is what you are!  You and all your followers are of The
Beast!  YOU are the ANTICHRIST, Steve Conyer!!  The ANTICHRIST!!!"
   Steve stifled a small laugh.  When the screams from the crowds, both
echoing Carol and mocking her too, died down a bit, Steve spoke up once
again.
   "You do not agree with me, and you do not understand my philosophy.
Because of that, I am Satanic and the Antichrist.  I don't need your Satan
crap.  I can take responsibility for the problems I have caused.  I do not
need a scapegoat.  But because I DARE to disagree with your precious
doctrine, I am the Cause Of All Society's Ills.  I think Satan's true power
comes from the likes of Christians like you.  Good day, Ms. Jacobs."
   Steve walked quickly from the stage, knowing full well a riot could break
out from saying such as he had.  Carol/Coathanger just stood there,
appalled, her jaw working up and down with no sound coming out.
 
                                    * * *
 
   Creator watched the scenes below with glee...The forces of Christianity
were rapidly becoming militant, wanting to wipe the opposition from the face
of the earth in a manner so unlike that of their Pacifistic Saviour.  It
would be truly interesting when the Human Rights people began to get violent
as well...Why were they taking so long to do just that?
 
                                    * * *
 
   "Welcome, my friends, to another edition of the 700 Club!  Our guest this
evening is the one and only Ms. Carol Jacobs, that most spiritual woman who
has been defending the cause of Christianity all over the nation.  You can
call in at 1.800.285.7448 to ask her questions later in the show.  So, Ms.
Jacobs, how are you?"
   Coathanger almost had not heard Pat Robertson asking the question.  He
was so wrapped up in the power he had with millions of naive fanaticals on
his side...
   "Oh, I'm doing JUST FINE.  The peace of Christ has filled me, and the joy
I experience from my hard toils makes it all worthwhile!"
   "Oh yesss...Praise Jesus!  I believe everyone has heard the heretical
speeches that Steve Conyer has been giving...and those awful remarks he made
during the debate with you...blasphemey right on our own televisions and
radios across the nation!"
   "I KNOW!  The government should NOT ALLOW such trash to even be SPOKEN in
public, much less broadcast to everyone in the country!"
   "I couldn't agree more...why, if I had become President," a big smile
comes across Pat's face as he turns to the camera,"I would make sure that
such terrible things are not allowed on our American broadcasts!  Such
things are corrupting the morals of the youth of today!"
   "Amen to that, Brother Robertson.  You know, I would be very willing to
support you in the next election.  And I am sure all of those wonderful
people who have heard Christ's call will, too!  You would make such a
wonderful President!"
   "Thank you, Ms. Jacobs.  Now...  Let us have some questions from the
viewers at home.  What is your name and where are you calling from?"
   "Steve Conyer from Los Angeles.  You and the other self righteous
religious bigots in power want to CENSOR!  You want to shut out any and all
opinions that disagree with your own!  You plan to actually VIOLATE our
Constitutional right to free speech!  How can you----"  Steve's call was
cut off.
   "Next caller, please."
   "I would just like to say that I am a Christian, but that I support Steve
Conyer's viewpoints.  What right do we have to tell other people how to live
their lives?  Shouldn't we just let Jesus call His own to Him?"
   Pat gasped, and Carol's grip on her Bible tightened, but at last she was
able to speak.
   "No.  Steve Conyer is a radical man, and his views could only cause
further harm to the people of the world.  As a Christian, I am sure you know
that the only way to live a truly happy life is by the words of Jesus?"
   "Actually, I know quite a few happy and morally upright people that
belong to OTHER religions...As a matter of fact---"
   "Hello, you are on the air and speaking with Ms. Carol Jacobs."
   Steve's voice bellowed over the speakers, "I DEMAND a Debating Tour with
you, Ms. JACOBS.  Any city at any time on any date!  I will meet you head on
in front of the people of this country!  I challenge you, right here, right
now.  Do you accept this challenge?"
   The audience at the station began to shift in their seats.
   Carol's voice was at first shaky, but she gathered her strength...
"Yes, I accept the challenge.  This will be the only way for The Truth to
prevail."  Coathanger could sense it...the final confrontation was
beginning!
 
                                    * * *
 
   As Steve took the joint that was being passed around the circle, his eyes
brightened up and he said, "You ever notice that the women marching against
abortion are prude ugly bitches that'd never get fucked anyway?"
   Peals of laughter came from the other three men in the small, smoky room.
   Fetus tried to carry on more of a serious conversation, but once the
laughing started, it didn't stop until
 
   Once again Steve walked towards the mike first.  Carol stood back from
the podium a bit...He hadn't really decided what he wanted to debate about
this time, but Fetus had realized that the body said things on its own when
he didn't necessarily want it to..all he'd have to do was open his mouth.
   "Members of the audience..viewers at home..we all know that the
environment is in serious trouble.  The air is polluted, the water is
polluted, the ozone is being destroyed..Logging and deforestation have
driven countless species into extinction.  Carbon Dioxide is not being
removed from the atmosphere quickly enough without the trees.  We are
destroying the planet.
   "We could do something about it.  There is a large cult in this country
that has enough members that, if they chose to do so, could really do a lot
of good for the environment.  Yet this cult group has a teaching...  In
their holy book, it tells that they are to go out and `subdue the Earth',
not save the Earth.  That cult is, yes, Christianity."
   "It is NOT our fault that the planet is in the shape that it is in!"
Carol was getting good at denial without backup.
   "And I suppose you will tell all the people here that the blame is
Satan's...He is destroying the planet."
   "Well of COURSE!"  It made perfect sense, didn't it?
   "Then why aren't the Christians working against Satan to protect the
environment?  Why aren't you doing something?"
   "We can't DO anything!  Nothing we can do can save it!  If it is God's
will that the planet shall be destroyed, then so be it!  Besides...  Jesus
will be returning soon, why should we bother now?"
   "Because, DAMN YOU, what if you are WRONG?  Around the year 1000,
EVERYONE in Europe just KNEW Jesus was going to come again and save the
world.  It didn't happen THEN, it won't happen NOW.  What about the children
that are growing up and will inherit the crud we leave behind?  And what if
it IS God's will that the planet be destroyed?  Why can't HE do it instead
of having our factories and cars and aerosols do it for him?  Why are WE the
ones destroying the planet if HE wants it done?  Why are you blaming it on
SATAN when WE'RE the ones responsible for what we do?  *WE* live on this
planet!  It is OURS to take care of!  *WE* are messing it up and it is OUR
job to fix it!"  Cheers rocked the arena.  Cheers from both sides.
   "If it is God's will---"
   "HOW do YOU know GOD'S will?"
   Carol stood in silence...dumbfounded...the question stunned her.
   "We have a plant that can help CORRECT all the things we've SCREWED UP,
but thanks to the corrupt government and lobbying by conservatives such as
yourself, the use of that plant is not allowed."
   "And I suppose you mean marijuana..."  Carol laughed a slight bit, then
realized that that was exactly what he meant.
   "Marijuana can be used to make paper and clothing, food for all domestic
animals, FUEL that won't pollute the environment and costs MUCH less than
oil, coal, and nuclear fuel.  It has medicinal properties as well!  It has
been used to treat glaucoma and helps with chemotherapy.  Chemotherapy
which, as you may know, is usually brought about by people who smoke tobacco
and get lung cancer.  Why is the safest drug we know illegal?  Why are
alcohol and tobacco legal and killing half a million people every year?"
   "You're just another long haired hippie---
   "What does my HAIR length have to do with anything?"
   "---that wants to smoke pot and get high."
   A long sigh escaped Steve Conyer's mouth.
   "Aren't you listening to ANYTHING I'm saying?  This is not a matter of
hippies wanting to get baked...  Hemp can save the world!  It grows faster
than any other plant we have!  It is a green plant and will obviously reduce
the green house effect!  It's seed is a protein source second only to
soybean!  The plant is a MIRACLE drug!"
   "A drug.  Yes, a drug.  A drug that destroys brain cells--
   "It does not.  Laboratory tests have proven that it has no permanent
effects."
   "--is highly addicting--
   "It is only psychologically addictive, and responsible use of it will
avoid that.  Sugar and caffeine are addictive!  Tobacco and alcohol are
addictive!"
   "--and is probably why you behave the way you do."
   "You just won't listen, will you?  Marijuana can save the environment,
the economy!  Legalize it and TAX it!  It grows wild everywhere and very
easily!  ANYONE can grow it!  They used to have victory gardens when food
was being rationed...Why not a victory garden for a victory over the
pollution and the greenhouse effect?"
   "You just want to get high.  That has become very obvious to me."
Murmurs of agreement from parts of the arena..but not as many as Carol would
like to have heard.
   "I give up.  You won't look past your own narrow minded conclusions about
me and what I choose to do with my life.  I offer you a plant that can help
save the ONLY planet we have to live on, and all you can consider are its
mind altering properties."
   "You're very right.  Marijuana is a bad thing.  It will not be legalized
during MY lifetime!"
   "Do you smoke?"
   "That is none of your business."
   "Do you?"
   Carol again clammed up, but when the crowd began to shuffle in their
seats she realized she would have to answer.
   "Yes, I do."
   "You run the risk of getting lung cancer.  You run the risk of giving
lung cancer to those who are AROUND you when you smoke.  Marijuana is safer
than tobacco, ask any doctor.  But because you believe the propaganda that
the tobacco and alcohol giants help spread, the bullshit that the government
spreads, and the lies that all those who are opposed to legalized hemp
because they cannot get a rein on the profits of it, then the plant which
can do more good for this planet than anything short of the extinction of
the human species, remains illegal.  You disgust me."
   Steve walked off.  And once again, all Carol could do was work her mouth
open and closed...What could she say?  Was he right?
 
                                    * * *
 
   Steve had always gotten highly upset when someone went through his
things...especially his mail.  He had had a brother who always went through
letters and such that came to the house.  How did Fetus remember this
stuff?
   Fetus had bitched at one of Steve's 'underlings' for doing the same
thing.  Steve really couldn't stand it.  Some new kid named Josh...  He
never explained why he did it, he just always opened the mail...And Steve
was getting about sick of it.
   Or he was...until the day Josh was blown into four hundred sixty three
pieces by the letter bomb.  He sacrificed his life by opening that piece of
junk mail.
   Steve was beyond belief.  Someone had tried to blow HIM up!
   And Josh had apparently known it would happen.
   Who would do such a thing?
 
   The answer came in the form of another letter...this one tied to a rock
that almost beaned him in the head as it flew through a window at him.
 
   "The Wrath of God will destroy you, Satan Spawn!
    We will wipe you out, Antichrist!
    Step down or die!
 
               The Crusaders"
 
   Then the calls came...and an occasional flaming cross in his yard...
   Rumors in the newspaper of him molesting little children and sacrificing
chihuaha's to Satan.  And all in the name of Decent Christian Morals.
   It was time for the final conflict..Fetus could feel that..the Christian
and Jacobsonian forces were getting militant...They were ready to remove a
thorn in their side by the only way they knew how...force.
 
 
   The debating chamber was surrounded with bullet proof plastic...Steve had
been shot at at the last debate.  And this was the final debate, the one
where he was going to end his fight for freedom.  He would win, or he would
lose.
 
   And Creator watched with much interest.  The human rights people were not
fighting back..saying something about making love not war..but if
Coathanger's forces continued, they would fight or be wiped out...either
way, the humans would diminish...his plan was working.
 
   The tension in the air could be cut.
   An obvious division in the crowd seperated the Christian Forces and the
Human Rights forces.  White hoods appeared in groups of twenty or more at
various points...mainly near exits.
   Steve looked on with fear.  A serious loss of life could occur here.
   Ms. Jacobs was also uneasy.  Her debating had been less fiery of late.
As a matter of fact, she was beginning to fold under.  Her arguments were
failing to good ol' common sense and logic.  If SHE could see, surely these
people would see...but she would not understand what he would say tonight.
That is where the problem was going to come in.
 
   "As you all know...I have received threats and bombs in the mail, prank
phone calls, and many many rumors have been spread about me in the media."
Cheers and applause from one side of the chamber.
   "I think it is obvious, to all here, that the people who have been doing
this are the people I have been fighting ever since I began the campaign for
human rights.  Ms. Jacobs, indeed, almost the entire Christian population of
the country, has fought me every step of the way."  The cheers were even
louder, and even more silence came from his own followers.
   "I have been called the Antichrist, and I have been called a Satanist, or
sometimes even Satan Himself.  You say I am an evil person, who only wants
to destroy Christianity and pave the way for Satan to take over the world."
Mass agreement from the Christian side.  His people were wondering what he
was trying to say.
   "Well...all of this, and all the rest which I have no need to repeat, is
why I have come to a startling conclusion."
   "The only true Satanists I have seen in this country...are you
Christians."
 
   Dead, total silence.
 
   "You wage WAR in the name of the Supreme Pacifist.  You take away
everyone's rights and force conformity and censorship down the throats of
all.  CHRISTIANS are the ones doing this!  My VERY LIFE has been threatened
by those who supposedly worship a God of LOVE!  CHRISTIANS are the ones who
give Satan His power!  You spread LIES and CORRUPTION throughout the entire
world, and according to you, Satan THRIVES on those things!  YOU are the
ones who believe in Him, YOU are the ones who feed His gluttonous appetite
for destruction!  CHRISTIANS AND SATANISTS ARE THE SAME DAMN THING!!!"
 
   No more silence.  Those in the white hoods drew forth rods of metal and
beams of wood that all knew had to be present.  Gunshots went off.  Long
pipes with sparkling fuses were thrown from the Christian side and into the
side of the peaceful human rights activists, and the bombs ended many lives.
Those who followed Steve began to try to flee, but the Christian forces were
surrounding and defeating, the rage at such blasphemy empowering them.  The
anger and hate they felt welled up inside and strengthened them.
   Carol ran for Steve, her pudgy fingers groping for his throat.  He tried
to avoid her, but her massive mass toppled him and the fell to the stage in
a heap.  Her claws raked at his face and chest, ripping bits of flesh from
him.  She bit and kicked, punched and gouged, and all the while screaming
"Satanist!  Satanist!  Satanist!"
   The police that had come to keep this from happening were joining in,
half of them knocking on Steve's friends, the other half knocking on the
first half.
   Hundreds were dying...guns were going off everywhere, firebombs and
pipebombs flying through the air...sticks and clubs were flailing out at any
who did not have the sign of the cross...
   Steve shoved the gargantuan catfight off his chest and stood, backing
away from her.  Her eyes were glazed like a pit bull, his eyes were getting
blood in them.  She had not a mark on her.  Still he had not hit her.  She
approached slowly, her fingers flexing, her prey still in sight with nowhere
to run.
   And the people began to watch.  Their own fighting became less and less,
and a hush fell across the crowd as their leaders circled each other.  All
eyes were on the two, as Carol crept closer and closer to Steve's mangled
body.
   She rushed him...but to her surprise, he swept in to meet her, threw his
arms around her, swept her back off her feet and kissed her...long and hard
did he kiss her...She fought at first...but could not continue...she melted
in his arms, and sank down to the floor...
   Ms. Jacob's arms felt around for the microphone she had thrown at Steve.
Her hands found the wire and drug it to her.  She brought it to her mouth,
and her voice was a sob, "This is all wrong.  We have been wrong and are
still wrong.  Steve Conyer...is right."
   The crowd erupted again, bottles and rocks being thrown at the shield in
front of the stage.  The Christian Forces swarmed what was left of the
humanist forces, the battle beginning again.  Satan had corrupted their
leader, but they no longer needed her, their mission was obvious, the
destruction of their enemies what was needed.
 
   And a light filled the hall.
   It began in the ceiling...a glowing that gradually became brighter and
brighter...once again the fighting and killing stopped...the light decended
to the stage, stopping beside Steve, where he was holding Carol's sobbing
body.  The light dimmed, and a figure walked forth from the globe.  A short
haired man with a bushy beard.  His robes were shining white, and his face
held some of the glow that he had decended in.
   Murmurs of Jesus began to be passed among the Christian forces...the
others could only stare...
   "And I will call a people My People who are not my people."
   The Christians rushed to the stage, to get as close to Jesus as possible.
   His voice was soft and mellow, but filled with love and compassion.  He
looked out across the audience, and raised a hand.  The bodies of the dead
rose, healed.  All looked on in awe.
   "I was Jesus, the Christ.  I came with a message of peace and of love."
   Some vague amens from those who were conditioned well enough.
   "I did not desire a group of violent militants.  Why hast thou forsaken
me?  I fought not when I was being crucified the first time.  Crucified by
those who did not agree with my beliefs.  Crucified by those who sought to
make me conform to their desires and thoughts and practices.  Crucified by
those who were closed minded.  Crucified by people..just..like..you.."
   The Christians were stunned.
   "I will not abide by another crucifixion.  What you have done, in my
name, is a disgrace to me.  It will be done no more."
   Most of the people who were in the chamber began to glow with a reddish
light.
   "To the hell you have created for others do I send you."
   The intensity of the light increased, screams began to issue forth from
tortured mouths.  All those with the glow erupted into quick flames and were
gone.  The plastic barrier disappeared.
   "Come to me...my people...you who show true love and compassion...you who
demonstrate understanding and tolerance...you are my true followers...you
are the ones whom I love..."
   And the people slowly moved towards this figure of a man who told them
not to change their ways...but that he liked them the way they all were.. he
told them of his acceptance of each of them and each of their ways..even
though all were different from each other...and he did not tell them how
they would live their lives...but he showed them love, and for this, did
they return that love to Him and all things in life.
 
   And as this was happening, the bodies of Steve Conyer and Carol Jacobs
faded out of existence.  The essences of Coathanger and Fetus basked in the
light of peace..  Creator came to the stage, and he too could only float in
awe of the great love he was being sent...And all were as one on that night,
as the Saviour of the world had rid the wheat of the world of the chaff
known as Christianity and brought love and peace to his people...
 
 
                 (c)July 1990  Bloody Afterbirth/Toxic Shock
 
 
 
