 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
 
 
                                   presents
 
 
                                 ACTIVIST NEWS
                      Pot Prohibition Leads to Law Abuse
     
     Source: HIGHTIMES, April 1987 p25
     
     Typed By Fetal Juice
     Toxic File #84
     
     BY Burt D. Neal
     NORML Asst. National Director
     
          Much of our current administration's "war on drugs" rhetoric
     deals with the theme that we must keep the prohibition in order to
     save our childern.  While I agree that minors should not use marijuana
     or other nonmedicinal drugs, I have problems with prohibition as a
     solution.  Two recent case histories are good examples of why.  In
     both cases the authorities acted out of "concern" for the welfare of
     adolescents, and in both cases that concern was directed towards a
     prohibition solution - one that is doomed to failure because it all to
     often leads to the abuse of civil liberties.
          Last year, when a young teenage girl from California *turned in
     her parents* to the police, she received national headlines and the
     *prases* of *the First Lady, Nancy Reagan*.  The concept of childern
     turning in their parents to the authorities, a common practice in Nazi
     Germany, was once again reborn in Western society.
          When Deenna Young turned in her parents, the police found
     quantities of cocaine that were larger then mere "possession" amounts.
      Allegedly, her parents had been addicted to coke for some time and
     were getting drawn further into a distribution network.  Despite
     assurances, the teenager was seperated from her parents for a period
     of time, but they edventually faced less serious charges then could
     have been pressed.  If her parents had been sent to jail it would't
     have fit in too well with the message, "kids, turn in your parents to
     save them."
     In the first case, I have received a letter from some parents in a
     western state who were not so lucky as to receive the benevolence of
     state - because they were not in the glare of the camera's eyes.  When
     their 16-year old asked for permission to leave home to find herself
     they did what most parents would do: they said no.  Some time later
     both *state* and *federal* drug officials burst into their home to
     arrest them.  They found only the one marijuana plant that the parents
     kept for their own use, but interrogated them for days asking about
     cocaine.  It turned out that their daughter, dissatisfied with her
     parent's denial of permission to leave home, had told the police that
     her parents were big-time users and sellers of cocaine
          The parents were rather surprised by the cocaine allegations, for
     they never used the substance, *choosing instead to use marijuana*. 
     After several days of interrogation the authorities were convinced
     that the parents wern't the big-time dealers they'd hoped.  After
     piling up thousands of  dollars in legal expences, the mother was
     given probation, the father lost his job and served a year in jail,
     and the teenager got her wish and was removed from the home.
          Last November in Tennessee a similar concern for drugs around
     kids led to a similar abuse of authority.  The police conducted a
     three-day undercover operation at the local high school with drug
     sellers as the target.  While *no drugs* were found, *eight high
     school students* were *arrested, hand-cuffed*, and held at the police
     station for several hours while being *DENIED* a phone call.  All this
     was because they possessed *TOBACCO*, a violation of a 1981 state
     statute which forbids the possession of tobacco or paraphernalia by a
     minor.  When the students asked why they were being arrested they were
     told to shut up.  Needless to say, their parents were rather upset,
     with the treatment of their childern received at the hands of the
     police; they let the police chief know it.
          There are several parallels in the two stories.  Both are
     examples of a *waste* of taxpayer's money and police time.  The
     taxpayers of that western state shelled out at least $20,000 to
     prosecute and jail those parents.  And the taxpayers in Tennessee saw
     their police spend time on a three-day undercover sting that turned up
     about as much as the uncovering of Al Capone's vault on Geraldo
     Rivera's TV special: nothing
          In both cases common sense was thrown out the window, and an
     abuse of power was thought to be in order for a more "noble" cause,
     therefore making casualties out of the individuals as well as the case
     itself.  I agree that minors shouldn't use tobacco.  But instead of
     conducting undercover stings and putting students in handcuffs as a
     means of controlling adolescent tobacco use, there are much more
     sensible solutions that might have been used.
          Concerned about adolescent drug use?  *How about outlawing
     cigarette machines*?  They take anyone's money - no questions asked. 
     Forget the "Mimai Vice" tactics; they don't work in the real world,
     and they won't work with tobacco.
          Their parents were victems twice, once at the hands of a vengeful
     teenager and again at the hands of a power-hungery police bureaucracy.
      The authorities could have checked out the primary source of
     information a bit further but they didn't because they were driven on
     by ambition based on *POWER*.  Once they realized that they had been
     misled, the authorities didn't see any reason to temper their
     vengefulness, spending thousands of dollars to wreck havoc on this
     family because of a marijuana plant.
          The cause NORML fights for is not just the cause of marijuana. 
     It is the fight against goverment intrustion into our personal lives. 
      If there is one thing that history shows us.  It is that unchecked
     increases in the power of authorities leads to an abuse of those
     powers.
          That is the reason why our *founding fathers* (no, I don't mean
     the *contras*!) put so much energy and faith into the Constitution.
          The cases I have mentioned are far from being the most extreme I
     have heard.  They are, unfortunately, all too common.  With 450,000
     marijuana arrests and millions of urine tests taking place each year,
     there are countless other such tales being told every day.  With our
     current warlike atmosphere, these abuses of power will inevitably
     continue to escalate.  *They will only be curtailed when you say
     enough is enough*.
          If you'd like to do something about the growth of governmental
     intrusiveness, your cause is the same as NORML's.  Please get in
     contact with us and help us to help you.  NORML desperately needs
     people who are willing to distribute free copies of our magazine to
     the public.  Now that spring is here large outdoor gatherings are once
     again taking place.  NORML needs volunteers to distribute these
     magazines at concerts, colleges, county fairs, or to friends.  NORML
     needs these people in every state, and we need you now.  Please give
     me a call today so that we can discuss what you can do to change the
     climate of repression.
          Childern are being urged to turn in their parents to the police
     and the arrest of adolescents for tobacco are only two results of the
     Administration's war on us.  Certainly the back issues of HIGH TIMES
     have cronicled many other abuses of power in the name of a "war on
     drugs."  How much more is it going to take before you decide to do
     something about it?
     
          Two new NORML chapters have been created.  Connecticut has
     another chapter, this one in Manchester.  If you'd like to help them,
     their address is Manchester NORML, P.O. Box 509, Manchester, CT
     06040-0509.
          Arkansas now has two NORML organizations forming.  Little Rock
     NORML is planning to publish a newsletter and has formed a legal
     committie.  Attorney Wayne Davis is the group spokesperson and will
     handle publicity tasks.  L.R. NORML will work with N.W. Arkansas
     NORML, which is run by Mary Jane Fortune, and Arkansas housewife who
     has had enough of the current drug hysteria.  Her letters to the
     editor have appeared in many Arkansas newspapers and have stimulated a
     public debate.  She can be reached at N.W. Arkansas NORML, P.O. Box
     194, Fayettesville, AR 72702
     
      (c)opied right from High Times..Fetal Juice/Toxic Shock July 1990
 
 
