 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
 
 
                                   presents
 
                                  Pot Reform
 
                                      by
 
                                 Fetal Juice
                               Toxic File  #78
 
          States spent approximately $10 billion on
     drug-related law enforcement, while drug criminals earned at least
     $110 billion in profits.  Meanwhile drug-related crime, especially in
     our cities, simply got worse.
          The harder we try to use criminal law to stamp out drug abuse,
     the greater the financial incentives become to deal drugs.  Thus our
     drug policies aren't just failing, they're self-defeating.
          Since 1914 the policy of the United States has been to treat the
     use of drugs in this country as a criminal offence.  In 1936 August
     Vollmer, a former president of the International Association of Chiefs
     of Police, said, "Drug addiction is not a police problem: it has never
     been and never can be solved by policemen.  Drug abuse is a medical
     problem, and if there is a solution it will be discovered by
     scientific and medical experts."
          Our strategy of using criminal law to end drug abuse is a
     mistake.  We need to revise our approach, enlist new leaders, and
     begin again.  Although the criminal justice system should still play a
     role in controlling drugs, our policies should focus on public health
     strategies.
          As former state's attorney for the city of Baltimore and a
     veteran of the war against drugs.  I know that our strategy hasn't
     worked.  Nevertheless, we can beat the traffickers and control our
     complex drug problem if we're willing to substitute common sense for
     myth, rhetoric, and blind persistence.
          We must begin thinking about decriminalizing some drugs.  We
     haven't made cigarettes illegal.  Yet according to a report from the
     Department of Health and Human Services, cigarettes account for up to
     350,000 deaths a year.  Instead we have left it to the public health
     system to address the problems related to nicotine addiction, and
     fewer people are now smoking.
          As for alcohol, we tried to make it illegal and learned a painful
     lesson: if the goverment dosen't regulate substances of abuse like
     alcohol, we bring a reign of terror down on our cities.  It is time we
     learned the lesson of Prohibition and eliminated the only reason drug
     criminals stay in business - billons of dollars in profits.  This
     could be done by bringing our population of addicts to the public
     health system and out of the dark alleys, where the price, quality,
     and quantity of drugs are controlled by organized crime.
          Providing drugs to addicts under medical auspicies is a sensible
     policy.  In the early 1900's the Shreveport Clinic in Shreveport,
     Louisiana, distributed narcotics to people who had become dependent on
     drugs.  In an investigation of the clinic in 1921, Federal District
     Judge George Jack warnbed that he would oppose any steps toward a
     discontinuance of the clinic, because "it had lessened crime in the
     city."  The chief of police, the sheriff, and the United States
     marshal in Shreveport all agreed that the clinic helped reduce crime.
          Other societies have successfully adopted public health
     approaches to controlling drug abuse.  The Dutch goverment, for
     instance, has merged various programs related to the abuse of
     addictive substances under one branch of their health ministry.  Under
     the ministry's direction, the Dutch have established an effective
     needle-exchange program for intravenous drug users (used needles are
     exchanged for new ones), and drug treatment is available for those who
     want it.  On the enforcement side, the Dutch have decriminalized the
     possession and sale of marijuana, while continuing to enforce laws
     against trafficking in cocain and heroin.  The purpose of the Dutch
     drug policy is to reduce the risks associated with drug use, such as
     blood-borne diseases like AIDS and hepatitis, for those addicts who
     won't or can't give up their addiction and to avoid  placing an
     excessive burden on the criminal justice system.  A decline in
     marijuana use as occurred since the Dutch decriminalization policy
     began.
          Led by the Mersey Regional Drug Training and Information Centre
     in Liverpool, the British have also used health strategies to
     effectively confront drug abuse.  The Mersey clinic offers a broad
     range of help to addicts, including a needle-exchange program,
     prescriptions for heroin and cocaine; and methadone and drug-free
     treatment, such as counseling upon a demand.  It is believed the
     availability of treatment has helped prevent the spread of HIV
     infection in the clinic's population.
          To redefine our national drug policies, I recommend we eliminate
     criminal penalties for marijuana possession and redirect funding from
     law enforcement efforts to drug-abuse prevention and education
     programs.  We need to pass laws that permit health professionals to
     distribute methadone, heroin, and cocaine to addicts as part of
     supervised maintenance or treatment programs.  We need to establish an
     independent commission to study substances that are abused and based
     on their potential harm make recommendations on how they should be
     regulated.  Finally, the war on drugs should be led by the surgeon
     general, not by the attorney general.
          If all this were accomplished, we could look forward to a
     brighter future for  the vast majority of people who live in our
     communities.  Finding ways to confront and control the problems
     associated with drug abuse would provide the American people with a
     safer, stabler, more productive society.
 
                    (c)July 1990  Fetal Juice/Toxic Shock
 
 
