 
 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::...          ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
                                    presents
 
                                  A Bad Period
 
                               by Gross Genitalia
                                 Toxic File #47
 
Centre of Eternity  615.552.5747  HQ of Toxic Shock and The Esoteric Society
 
[TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS]
 
   It was always the most rotten shitty dreadful time when Pamela was on
the rag. She was always cranky, bitched at anything, everything, anyone,
everyone. While this would describe most women in this situation, Pamela
was different. Something about her made her the Spectacular Queen Bitch.
 
   Pamela sat on the commode, discharging blood and loosened uteral tissues
at a steady rate, and screaming obscenities at the top of her lungs.
"I hate this damned fucking period thing! Why can't we just go fuck, have
kids, enjoy hot wet sex, and not squirt motherfucking blood and shit all
over the place every month of our lives?" A common heard gripe every month,
Pamela's husband Richard was sick of hearing it. Richard was not a violent
man but sometimes, during Pamela's premenstrual cramps, menstrual cramps,
and post-menstrual cramps (she was always a bitch), he would snap and beat
Pamela around the house, yelling and screaming at her, telling her to shut
the fuck up because he was sick and tired of this whole period thing.
 
   One day Pamela was sitting in the bathroom bitching and discharging,
flushing, wiping, and bitching, and she felt this churning in her lower
abdomen. She ignored it at first, her bitching and yelling masked the
rumbling feeling out. The rumbling grew increasing more stern, and eventually
groaned at a steady pace. It was a feeling of discomfort to Pamela, so she
bitched about that. Pretty soon the pain became unbearable. "STOP THIS
FUCKING PAIN!" She raised her fist to eye-level, and proceeded to throw
a hard punch to the area below her stomach, and commanded the pain to stop.
Another punch. "Damnit to hell, STOP!" With one final punch Pamela's fist
broke the skin of her abdomen and slid into her uteral cavity. Before the
shock could hit her something from within bit her fist off. She yanked
her bloody stump of an arm out from her uterus and examined it. Before she
could finish her scream of utter grotesque horror something slimy, no larger
than a Cabbage Patch Kid, thrusted itself out from the gaping hole below
Pamela's stomach and slithered around on the floor. Disgusted, horrified,
and nearing shock and nervous breakdown, the thing looked up at Pamela and
grinned. "Oh dear God it looks like... a FETUS!" How could this be?
Pamela was on the rag, she couldn't POSSIBLY be bearing a child! But before
she had time to give this idea a second thought, the fetus spoke. "Well well
mommy, time to die bitch!" With this the fetus dry retched on Pamela's legs.
The acidity of the vomitous emissions ate and sizzled at her legs, and she
let out a deathly screech. The fetus hopped on her head and nibbled at her
scalp, ripping small chunks and hair-covered flesh with its demonic claws.
It then thrust its tiny hand through the bones of Pamela's skull and removed
a handful of brains. "It's dinner time!" The fetus gulped down the brains and
leaned over Pamela's forehead. "I have a kiss for mommy!" The fetus placed
its lips over Pamela's right eye socket and gave her a kiss of death, sucking
out the eyeball and sinewy nerve cords.
   The fetus jumped onto Pamela's lap and jumped up and down and continuously
chanted, "Mommy don't like me! Mommy don't like me!", all the while stomping
the lower half of Pamela's now-deceased body into the toilet. With a final
series of massive stomps, the fetus managed to cram Pamela's entire body into
the toilet. With a series of tugs on the handle, the fetus flushed Pamela's
mutilated body away into a series of pipes and sewage ducts, gone forever.
Its chant changed to, "The bitch is in the sewer! The bitch is in the sewer!"
As the water began to fill up in the toilet the fetus yelled "I want my mommy!"
and jumped into the toilet and slithered down the drain.
   Richard walked into the bathroom to find out what in the hell was going on.
He saw the blood and chunks of fleshy material splattered about the bathroom.
He screamed. "PAMELA! WHERE IN THE HELL ARE YOU PAMELA? PAMELA!" At that time
his pants dropped on their own. He felt something heavy on his leg. He looked
down to meet his fate eye-to-eye. A fetus had buried its claw into his leg,
and was glaring up at Richard's face. "Bye bye daddy!" exclaimed the fetus,
as it proceeded to bite off Richard's genitals. Richard crumpled to the floor
in a ghastly yell, and the fetus join its sibling in the sewer, and slid
into the toilet.
 
(c)1990 Toxic Shock, by Gross Genitalia.
 
 
 
