 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::...          ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
 
                                      presents
 
 
                        On Abortion and the Protectors of Nature
 
 
                                 by Gross Genitalia
                                   Toxic File #98
 
 
                    Centre of Eternity  615.552.5747  40 Megs
                           750+ files  HQ of Toxic Shock
 
[TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS]
 
 
Recently I had a disturbing revelation concerning the abortion issue. Whether
it was a prophethic insight from Fetus Himself or just a little common sense
reasoning, I came to the undisputable conclusion that the abortion controversy
should be ended and the long-cursed procedure be legal to any woman who might
want it performed. I pondered my decisions after reading Bloody Afterbirth's
"The Final Conflict". I have cast my decision. My thoughts and opinions are as
follows.
 
I think we can all agree that this planet SUCKS. The American government, the
political structure designed to give us the ultimate freedom, is betraying its
people and instead giving them the ultimate PRISON. The big corporate bastards
are polluting our waterways, the air which we breathe, and the common materials
we use in our homes. Paper contains deadly dioxins from chlorine-bleaching
methods, when much safer oxygen-bleaching can be used instead. With the
increase in toxic waste production, few measures are being passed to control
the waste and reduce the volumes produced. Instead, the overflow is being
dumped into lakes and streams to poison and kill the lifeforms found there.
Pollutants are dumped by the tons into the atmosphere, contributing largely
to acid rain and to the ozone-layer destruction.
 
So what? I imagine most of you are thinking, "Yeah, I already know this, but
I can't do anything to stop it." Bull fucking shit. Read my "Supporting a
Safer Environment" file. Organize local rallies and protests. At the rate
we're going, the planet will either be completely gone by the year 2000 or
we, the true population, the environmentalists, will have ousted these
corporate bastards and enstated world-wide environmental efforts and
measures.
 
Well, what does this have to do with the abortion topic? Everything. As I
tie the environmental disasters into the highly-debated abortion topic, I
have merely one question to pose to everyone reading:
 
If you got pregnant, or got someone pregnant, would you honestly want to
bring that child into this dangerous chemical world that your parents'
generation had utter fucked up, where the government won't even re-legalize
hemp, the only plant that, right now, would have any impact on SAVING this
planet and reversing the greenhouse effect??
 
That 80-column five-line question may be a little run-on, but I don't think
any of you, with maybe even the slightest touch of intelligence, would
answer "yes". If I got some chick pregnant accidentally, I would DEMAND that
an abortion be performed because I could not live with myself having to
bring a child into a world of hell and destruction.
 
It has been predicted by thousands that hemp will once again become legal
before the year 2006. It is a WEED. It will grow almost ANYWHERE. The
overwhelming POSITIVE IMPACT this green plant would have on the environment
and the economic structure of the world's countries is almost incomprehensible.
Yet the government continues to fail to see this profound benefit. It is
almost like it is AFRAID to see the plant re-legalized for fear that it will
lead to the downfall of the government. They walk blindly and do not see the
facts. They continue to wage a war against the miracle plant. They waste
millions of tax dollars and borrow millions of dollars to fight a fruitless
and neverending battle.
 
I would never allow myself to bring a child into a world so poor as this.
 
Abortions should be legal for those who desire such an operation. The church
consistently protests that abortions are immoral and that lives are being
taken sinfully. There is no backing behind this. The only reason the church
and anti-abortion supporters have as much influence as they do is because
Christian religion is seen everywhere; it is the accepted doctrine of America.
There is no such thing as "separation of church and state". They are the
same thing. Religion as Christians see it is not religion; it is politics.
This is why anti-abortion activists are winning.
 
So, then, does this mean that environmentalists are separate from Christians?
 
In my eyes, yes.
 
The Christians are the ones poisioning Mother Earth. A type of "war" is
beginning to be waged against environmentalists. The protectors of Nature are
being fought as if they were drugs. The American people are seeing
environmentalism as a "fad". Some think it is like a drug. Some can't live
with it, so they wage the war on drugs again.
 
If I accidentally got a girl pregnant, the only way I would accept my guilt
by letting that child live is if I knew it would become an avid environmental
supporter. If I knew this child was not to grow up in the Political Religion,
I would gladly see it be born and watch the miracle of its growth.
 
As far as I see it, abortions are legal and moral as depending on the parents
who conceived the child.
 
 
(c)September 13, 1990. Toxic Shock / Gross Genitalia.
 
 
 
