 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::..           ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
 
 
                                   presents
 
 
     Parity: the Drug Paraphernalia Issue
     Toxic File #86
     
     Source HIGH TIMES, April 87 p30
     By Jon Gettman, NORML Director
     Keyed by Fetal Juice
     
     
          Critics claim that the purpose of drug paraphernalia is to
     glamorize drugs and entice the young.  Consequently, they have spent
     much of the last ten years making it a criminal act to possess or sell
     drug paraphernalia in many parts of the country.
          Drug paraphernalia is hard to define, which is why you can still
     buy it.  We all know what it is, critics know what it is, but no one
     can write a law that can adequately distinguish our water pipes from
     the tobacconist's - hence, the long shelf life of the drug
     paraphernalia issue.  I think it is time to turn this important issue
     to our advantage.
          In the late '70s, the proponents of making criminals out of drug
     paraphernalia merchants thought they were on to something big.  The
     drug paraphernalia issue began as the vehicle for a backlash against
     the decriminalization of marijuana.  Since then, this "movement" has
     stalled in a fog of complicated legalities.
          My interest in this issue predates my involvement with NORML.  I
     spent eight years in the drug paraphernalia business before
     discovering other things in life were more important to me then making
     money - like public service.  I would like to offer a few words in the
     defense of this much - maligned industry, as well as a candid
     assessment of its faults prior to the current era of excessive
     regulation and official harassment.
          The first object of selling drug paraphernalia was, and still is,
     to make money.  In the '70s we were all led to believe that not only
     was making money a respectable persuit but also that pioneering a new,
     legal to do it was admirable.  The paraphernalia industry was a free -
     market capitalism at its best.
          The problem with the freewheeling paraphernalia market I
     participated in was that we were pandering to an illegal interest in
     the marketing of our goods.  Much like sex is used to sell cars, we
     were, in retrospect, using drugs to sell knick - knacks.  Just as the
     exploitation of women in commercials offends people, our exploitation
     of drugs was offensive to some, especially to parents trying to keep
     their kids away from any drug use, illegal or otherwise.  Marketing
     products involves some glamorization.  And some of the young are
     attracted by glamor, though no one as yet offered any hard evidence
     that young kids decide to try marijuana because they want to try out
     some neat new bong.  Actually, the principal complaint against
     paraphernalia, that its very existence somehow bestows legitimacy on
     the drug scene, is absurd; it is the widespread use of marijuana
     itself that bestows legitimacy.  Since marijuana is the drug of choice
     for an overwhelming number of illegal drug users, the majority of drug
     paraphernalia sold in head shops concerns marijuana use.  But
     sometimes, knowingly or not, goods were sold to teenagers partly
     because we heads were sympathetic to rebellion.  Our arrogance
     precluded any consideration of self regulation, and eventually various
     communities attempted to either regulate or eliminate paraphernalia
     stores.
          At this level, the solution seemed simple: set an age limit, tone
     down the marketing, and pursue peaceful coexistence.  However, it was
     not that simple.  The real problem being confronted by both sides was
     a disparity between myth and reality.
          The myth was the marijuana was dangerous, and that only fools,
     degenerates, and other social misfits used it, and that most people
     respected the laws banning its use, possession, and sale.  The reality
     was that there was a vibrant marijiana subculture which was quite
     blatantly open.  The existence of head shops and other vendors of drug
     paraphernalia was a visible refutation of the myth.
          With their livelihood threatened, paraphernalia merchants acted
     like most honest American capitalists: they either adapted to the new
     laws or went out of business.  Compelled by some very surreal
     legislation, most of the industry began to pretend that their
     customers wern't marijuana smokers or cocaine users, but tobacco and
     snuff consumers.  The store I used to manage is now Washington's
     premier tobacco shop.  And its owners don't even pretend: it IS a
     tobacco store, shamelessly marketing one of the most addicitve
     substances on earth - as well as selling most of the merchandise I
     sold there five years ago.
          For the enemies of marijuana decriminalization, the move to ban
     drug paraphernalia was an effective tactic which delayed further
     reform of marijuana laws for over a decade. It reduced funding from
     the industry to the decrim movement, drove the drug subculture
     underground, and changed the fundamental public question from "Should
     adults go to jail for marijuana use?" to "How can we keep drugs away
     from our childern?"  They changed the question to preserve their myth,
     because the answer to their question was to pretend that no one in
     there right mind uses illegal drugs.
          In fact, the whole campaign to go after the user of drugs as well
     as the supplier, the foundation of the Reagan drug policy, is an
     outgrowth of the movement to criminalize drug paraphernalia.
          We must acknowledge that the paraphernalia industry requires some
     legislation.  I think it was, and is, wrong to market adult items to
     childern - whether it be tobacco, illegal drug taking, or gambling.  I
     also think it is wrong to inflame people's lust to sell merchandise.
          But most paraphernalia legislation goes far beyond there
     measures, actually restraining First Amendment rights of free speech
     and expression, and encouraging a climate of hypocrisy.  My approval
     stops when regulation becomes cultural harassment.
          Our opponents have actually handed us a great opportunity.  We
     have reached a point in our social history when it is finally possible
     to attain parity between marijuana and the legal drugs, alcohol and
     tobacco.  Consider this:
          Society now says, in effect, if you are going to sell
     paraphernalia for marijuana use you have to sell it on the same
     footing as that which is sold for tobacco use.  There are social rules
     for the marketing of tobacco, alcohol, and thier attendant
     paraphernalia; they must be followed with marijuana as well.
          Society disapproves of the advertising of drugs or drug - related
     activity which encourages kids to copy adult drug taking.  The
     constructive parts of anti-paraphernalia laws are those which make
     merchants follow the same rules and customs for marketing marijuana
     paraphernalia that the alcohol and tobacco merchants must follow: not
     in front of the childern.
          Society has determined not to depict drug use in public.  People
   rarely are protrayed smoking tobacco on television.  People are not
     seen actually drinking beer in commercials.  The rule is that drug use
     itself can't be used as marketing tool.  So beer commercials focus on
     taste, image, calories - but not how their product provides a better
     high then another brand.
          Society has also raised the drinking age to 21 to cut down the
     flow of alcohol to teenagers, and is considering further restriction
     on tobacco advertising.  Once again, the guiding philosophy is "not in
     front of the childern."
          There is a pattern here that we best respect.  Though hampered by
     extremism, this concern about how adult-oriented markets influence
     childern opens and opportunity for us to prove that we have learned a
     little more responsibility about conducting our affairs.
          Excessive regulation and harassment is counterproductive because
     it merely makes the paraphernalia a forbidden fruit, making it "cool"
     for a teenager to get his or her hands on the banned items.  It also
     means that paraphernalia is much more profitable for the merchant; for
     some of the industy barons of the '70s, this last decade of
     regulations has been very enriching.
          Futhermore, to seriously influence drug abuse, you have to reach
     the drug user.  Attaching health information to illicite drug
     paraphernalia would be an effective way, but this violates the rule
     that we all have to pretend that it's not drug paraphernalia.
          NORML came up against this obstacle in an early challenge to a
     state-wide paraphernalia law in Virgina.  NORML was told by a court
     that our First Amendment rights to distribute literature, and
     presumably drug education literature, were valid but superseded by the
     seriousness of the drug problem.  Consequently, we have the surreal
     situation where, because society wants to fight drug abuse by banning
     paraphernalia, we can't distribute antidrug abuse information in
     paraphernalia shops!
          We should advocate that our communities accept the notion of
     parity between marijuana, alcohol, and tobacco as potentially harmful
     substances that responsible adults, like it or not, indulge in.  Clear
     statements need to be made that there are some things that adults do
     that childern and teenagers should not do.
          I think it is time for marijuana consumers, the merchants of
     tobacco accessories, parents' groups, and antidrug crusaders to put
     aside our differences and work together on the issues on which we all
     seem to agree - keeping out of the hands of kids.
                                                                           
      (c)opied right from High Times..Fetal Juice/Toxic Shock July 1990
 
 
