 
 
 
 
                           the young like it bloody
                           ------------------------
     
                     a phucked phile by twisted testicles 
     
                          a toxic shock presentation
 
                                toxic file #12
 
                    call centre of eternity (615)/552-5747
                            40 megz, 12/24, 24 hrs.
                              300+ philez on line
     
                       fucked in the head (615)/552-7879
                      1200 baud only, soon 2400, 24 hrs.
                           toxic shock headquarters
     
     
       it all started one day as young archibald was sitting in his room.
     archibald was a nerd in every sense of the word. he wore glasses that
     were taped in the middle and he also wore a pocket protector in his
     left pocket full of pens. he wardrobe consisted of  hand-me-down
     clothes from the 1960's and he had a stupid laugh(sounds familiar
     huh?) he had recently recieved a ultra-k00l commodork..er..commodore
     64 and a hyperfast 300 baud modem. he also got a sleek 1540 vic
     dick..er..disk drive and a 40 column black/white monitor. he had got a
     q-link subscription with his modem and he decided to join. the ad said
     meet new and exciting people. he thought he could meet some girls.
     
       as he logged on to q-link his thoughts drifted back to the girls he
     might meet. his dick got hard and began to pulsate. as soon as he
     entered people connection, his eyes were assaulted by the shit on the
     monitor. 30 fuckups were trying to chat with each other at the same
     time! he jumped in there typing, "yo d00dez my name is archibald and i
     want to fuck you!" as soon as he hit return a sysop busted on and
     typed, "watch your langauge this is a public board." he then typed,
     "are you female?" her answer was prompt, "yes." he typed,"well come to
     my house and suck my throbbing dick!" he was then disconnected with a
     loud click.
     
       well finding that he would get no satisfaction from q-link he
     decided to look elsewhere for pleasure. he then went to bed and dreamt
     about a man named buck. he dreamt that buck had a 12 and 1/2 inch dick
     and that he had fucked him in the ass. when he woke up there was a
     foul odor in the bedroom. he lifted the covers and found that he has
     shit himself in the night. "damn!",he said softly to himself.
     
       well that day at school was like all other days at school. pure
     hell! all the kids picked on him and none of the girls would talk to
     him. archibald was not a big kid. he was very wiry and had slicked
     back black hair. he also had this great, big, oozing, zit on his nose.
     he liked all the girls and flirted with them. but most of the time he
     became too lewd and got slapped or kicked in the balls. there was one
     special girl. her name was betty cunt. she was a major babe. she was
     the head cheerleader and had some of the biggest tits archibald had
     ever seen(he had not seen any except in porn mags) most of the time
     her nipples poked through her shirts. she had honey-colored hair that
     came down to the middle of her back. she was dating biff, the
     quarterback on the football team. biff was atypical dumb jock, but a
     big dumb jock.
     
       today was the day when archibald was gonna ask betty out. his locker
     was right next to his, so after 1st period he was gonna ask her.
     during first period he imagined betty sucking his pathetic pecker. his
     dick suddenly got very hard. he unzipped his pants and began jerking
     off in class. the teacher suddenly looked back at archibald and said,
     "what the hell are you doing back there!" archibald's daydream was
     broken and he suddenly stopped jerking off. he was so startled that he
     stood straight up with his boner hanging out. he then was very
     embarressed. but then his embaressment turned into rage. how could
     this bitch of a teacher do this to him. the teacher whose name is miss
     honeycunt, was very beutiful. he then began to walk up to her, his
     boner in hand. "yo cunt, get ready to be raped!", he screamed. the
     boys in the class began to chant "poke that pussy!" that made him even
     more harder. the girls were getting all hot. they had never seen a
     dick as big as archibald's.
     
       miss honeycunt was startled by this sudden outburt, yet she couldn't
     help getting alittle wet. he did have a big dick. when he reached the
     desk miss honeycunt had already gotten on top of it and lifted her
     skirt. she wore no panties so her blond cunt hair was exposed.
     archibald put his head between her legs and began to suck on her clit.
     she started to moan. "louder bitch!", yelled archibald between slurps.
     she moaned louder. as soon as she came, he got on top the the desk and
     began to mount her. by this time the whole class was so hot that
     everbody began to fuck. but the guys outnumbered the girls 2 to 1 so
     each girl took two guys. it was like a massive orgy. as archibald
     slowly inserted his dick, honeycunt began to moan. suddenly he shoved
     all 11 inches of cock into her. she gasped and began to make
     animal-like sounds. archibald pulled it out with a big slurping noise.
     then he plunged it in again and again and again. when he was about to
     come he pulled it out and shot cum all over honeycunt's face. "there
     ya go bitch!", yelled archibald. she then licked the cum off her nose
     and lips. archibald had the sudden urge to piss, so he did. in miss
     honeycunt's face. just then the bell rang. he left class unsatisfied.
     
       by the time he got to his locker, everyone in school had heard of
     what he had done. so had betty. "your a fucking pervert!", she told
     archibald at his locker. that pissed archibald off but he kept his
     cool. "i bet you'd like it up the ass betty.", he said. just as he
     said that biff walked up. biff had heard what archibald said. "your
     dead meat dickhead!", yelled biff. eveyone in the halls suddenly
     became silent. it was a deathly silence. biff pick archibald up and
     slammed his head into a locker. which broke arch's glasses. just then
     the principle walked out of his office. mr. bumfuck was a big black
     man. he grabbed biff by the head and jerked him into his office.
     "we're not done yet!", yelled biff. as the door closed muffled screams
     of agony could be heard. everybody knew that mr. bumfuck was a fucking
     fag. archibald picked up his broken glasses and smiled at betty and
     said, "oh well i guess biff will be a big asshole and have one too!"
     she then kicked archibald in the nuts. 
     
       after school he followed betty home. betty lived in a nice suburban
     home. it was a white house with a white picket fence and a cute little
     dog(awww how sweet. heh-heh-heh) she seemed to be alone. he guessed
     that her parents worked. as soon as she was in he heard the t.v. pop
     on. it was on mtv and it was loud. hard 30 was on and megadeth was
     doing peace sells(killer song). he then opened the front door and
     snuck in.
     
       he saw her sitting on the couch talking on the phone to one of her
     girlfriends. he snuck into the kitchen a quietly picked up the phone.
     "isn't archibald just great!", said her friend. "no, he is a fucking
     dweeb, lozer, geek, and he has that obnoxious laugh!", betty replied.
     after hearing this he put the reciever back on the cradle. he knew
     what must be done. he walked back to the archway that lead to the
     living room. she had just now got off the phone and was just sitting
     there watching t.v. he snuck up behind her and grabbed her. he put his
     hand over her mouth so she couldn't scream. he then lifted her over
     the couch(a great feat of strength huh?) and layed her down. he pulled
     a bandana out of his pocket and tied it around her mouth. then he tied
     her up with some rope he found in the kitchen(amazing how he has all
     this stuff huh?) he looked at her and said, "bitch, if you promise not
     to screami'll take the gag off." she nodded her head. he then undid
     the bandana and said, "i can do anything i want to ya bitch and you
     can't even scream for help 'cause nobody is gonna hear you!" "my
     parents are gonna be home soon and my dad is gonna fuckin kill ya!",
     she screamed at him. she then spit in his face. he just laughed and
     pissed in her's. "you really should have gone out with me, now i'm
     gonna have to rape ya!", he said matter of factly. her face turned
     pale, but ye there was a burning sensation in her loins. she couldn't
     control it. he had some power, some look in his eyes that said, "your
     mine and you can't stop me!" he then got up and went to the kitchen
     where he got the mayo and a butter knife.
     
       when he came back in she said, "what are you doing?" "you'll see",
     he replied. he them began to unbutton her pants. he slid them off with
     ease. she had a pair of black lace panties on. you could see the blond
     pussy hair through them. he then unbuttoned her shirt. she had on a
     matching bra. she tried to control it but her nipples got hard anyway.
     then removed his own pants and shirt. he then slid her panties off.
     exposing her wet pussy. he then open the mayo jar and dipped the knife
     in it. he stared menacingly toward her. "what are you gonna do with
     that?", she asked shakely. she got her reply when he thrust it into
     her pussy. she yelled out in pain. he began to slide it in and out of
     her. each time she would yell more loudly. after he was finished he
     found the dog and thrust the knife into the dogs cunt then removed it
     and stuck it in the throat. as he did a spurt of blood shot out of the
     dog. he gladly licked the blood off the floor. he went back in to the
     kitchen and found a bumpy cucumber about 7 inches in length and 4 inch
     in diameter. he brougth it into the living room. betty was only half
     counscious because of the pain. he then shoved the full length of the
     cucumber in her pussy. he could hear her delicate tissues ripping. he
     just laughed. after he was done with the cucumber he tossed it aside.
     he slapped her and said, "wake up its not over yet!" she woke up and
     remembered where she was. she was about to scream but then she
     realized that she had a burning need for a cock. her pussy hurt like
     it was on fire but she had a yerning for a dick.
     
       archibald gladly obliged her. he shoved hi full 11 inches in her.
     she moaned as he began to pump. to her suprise it felt good. as he
     pumped he bit her nipples until the bled. but it didn't hurt, it kinda
     felt good. "fuck me harder!", she yelled. he was puzzled. he sure
     thought she would hate him. oh well he began to pump harder. she began
     to bleed. but she didn't care, it felt too damn good. she came about 6
     times before achibald came in her face. he then licked the cum off her
     face and began to lick her pussy clean of blood and mayonaise. he
     started to lick her clit with such intensity that she came in about 5
     seconds. he then bit her clit off. she let out a piercing scream of
     agony, and passed out. he then went to the kitchen and got a steak
     knife and came back. he thrust the knife into her abdomen, sending
     blood everywhere. her eyes opened for a minute and then closed again.
     she was fuckin dead! he then took out her large intestine and began to
     chew on it. pretty damn good, he thought.
      
       just as he was finishing her intestines, betty's parents walked in.
     he dove over the couch and took the steak knife with him. the mother
     walked  in to the living room, and the mother screamed. the father
     then walked in and said, "what the fuck...." his words were cut short
     as archibald threw the knife at the father. it caught the father in
     the throat, spewing blood everywhere. he then jumped up from behind
     the couch and hit the mother in the face. she went down. she was out
     cold. he undressed her and fucked her. what the hell, he thought and
     undressed the father and fucked him too. after he was done he stompped
     the mother's face in. he stommped it until it was a bloody mass. he
     then licked her face. he dined on her eyeballs. they were suprisingly
     good. then he left.
     
       when he got home he went up to his room and shut the door. he then
     went to bed dreaming of intestines. he woke up about two in the
     morning. he had a yerning for pussy and killing. he dressed quickly
     and got his trusty buck knife from his closet. he left the house
     grinning wickedly.
     
       he walked about 4 miles from home and found himself in a residential
     neighborhood. he picked a house completely at random and broke in
     quietly(yeah right) he quietly snuck up stairs and found the bedroom.
     he opened the door softly and say a man and a woman lying in bed
     asleep. he walked up to the man and slit his throat. he died quietly.
     he then punch the woman in the face and began to fuck her. after he
     came on her face, he shoved the knife in her skull. he then cut the
     top of her head off and feasted on her brain.what phun this is, he
     thought. after he was done he left as quietly as he came.
     
      he went back home satisfied. he got out of his soiled clothes and
     went back to bed. the next morning when he woke up his mother was
     staring at him in a strange way. she grabbed his dick and began to
     fondle it. "your father has been dead along time and i need a man.",
     she said. even though it was his mother his dick got hard. he grabbed
     her and threw her down. he began to fucke her with slow, deliberate
     strokes. she moaned. he came in her face. then he licked it off. he
     liked the taste of his cum. he then fucked his mother in the ass.
     damn, it was tighter than her pussy. when he pulled his dick out it
     was coverd with shit. "lick it off bitch", he yelled. she complied.
     then he shit on her stomach ch and rubbed it in. he made her lick his
     hand clean. after he was done he said, "get out bitch you stink!" she
     left crying. "shuddup cunt!", he yelled at her. he left for school
     thinking of what he would do today....
     
     
     
     well this concludes the part i of the series the young like it bloody.
     look for part ii cumming soon. you edit this file and you die.
     
     a toxic shock production. members are: bloody afterbirth, twisted
     testicles, fetal juice, tasty abortion, and gross genetalia.
     
     written 12/08/89
     
     
     
     
                                                                           
