 
                            .
                         .:::::.               .::::::::.
                     ...:::::::::...          ::::::::::::
                  ..:::::::::::::::::..      :::::     ::::
                .:::     :::::::     :::.    :::::.      :
                 ::       :::::       ::      :::::::.
                  :        :::        :        :::::::::.
                           :::                    ::::::::
                           :::                        :::::
                          :::::               :        ::::
                          :::::  oxic        :::......::::  hock
                        .:::::::.             :::::::::::
                       :::::::::::             :::::::::
 
                                    presents
 
                             Fetus Punishes A Rapist
 
                               by Gross Genitalia
                                 Toxic File #48
 
Centre of Eternity  615.552.5747  HQ of Toxic Shock and The Esoteric Society
[TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS][TS]
 
 
   Susan was a strange young lady. She lived a very desolate life, and
always seemed to possess a certain strange quality of deceit. She lived
outside of town in a relatively large house, all alone.
   On a cold, damp spring day when the sun had completely set, Susan
lit a candle beside her bed and prepared to go to sleep. She heard a popping
noise from upstairs (she slept in the basement most of the time) and went to
investigate its source. Upon arriving at the top of the staircase she
noticed that the back door was cracked open a few inches. She made no effort
to return to the basement, but proceeded to scope out the upstairs rooms.
She walked into the bathroom and clicked on the light, and found a large
burly man standing in the corner. He was holding a .44 with a rather long
barrel, which was pointed directly at Susan. "Alright bitch, let's go back
downstairs." Susan was a little hesitant, but with a nudge from the cold
steel barrel she hastened to the stairwell. They arrived at the foot of the
stairs, and the burglar ordered Susan to place all her money and valuables
in a paper sack, which he took from his trenchcoat and shoved into her hands.
Susan did not wait; she went over a chest of drawers and removed a small
box. In it was a thick roll of bills, which she dropped into the sack. She
told the criminal that this was the only thing of value she kept in the
basement. The criminal disagreed. "You haven't given me everything. Lay down
on the bed over there." Susan did so. "Now take off your clothes. Slowly
now. I want to see what I'm up against." Susan did so, although this time
she seemed very hesitant. A fire was welling up in her eyes, although it
went unnoticed by the criminal. Susan stripped herself to complete nakedness.
The criminal removed his trenchcoat and removed his ragged and dirty shirt.
He dropped his torn jeans, and ripped down his underwear, revealing his
already stiffened dick. Susan scare turned to sarcastic hate. "What a nice
dick you have. I imagine it's be much bigger if you'd stop whacking off all
the time." The criminal got very angry and shoved the barrel of his gun
some inches into Susan cunt. "Hey bitch, don't get smart with me. This thing
won't stop down here. It'll keep right on going up that cute little body of
yours and rip your fucking brains out!!" Susan's fiery hate built at a steady
pace. The criminal stood at the end of the bed admiring the lips of Susan's
pussy. As he climbed up onto the bed he heard a demonic roar. It was not
a human sound; it sounded more like that of a beast in a horror film. Susan
glared at him; the roar was coming from within her. Her face turned purple
and growled menacingly at him. The criminal stood dumbfounded, he could
not figure it out. Susan propped herself up on her hands, her back to the bed.
Her cunt was at the criminal's eye level. The lips of her twat spread
open wide, some two feet. In the chasmic hole nothing could be seen but a
redness of a burning fire. The criminal turned to run. Susan let out a final
roar as she heaved and thrusted her hips in and out. SLLLLLLOOOOOSSSSHHHHH!
A large something-or-other was hurled out of Susan's vagina, aimed directly
at the fleeing criminal. This something landed on his shoulders and looked
around into his face. It appeared to be an aborted fetus, for the criminal
did not have time to look. It ripped a gaping hole in the side of the
criminal's neck and climbed in. It clawed its way down through his torso,
through his abdomen, and into his large intestine. It crawled out the
criminal's anus and puked up a large ball of shit. With that the fetus, the
criminal, and all of the blood and gore disappeared into thin air, and
Susan reclothed herself. She blew out the candle and fell into a lulling
peaceful sleep.
 
 
(c)1990 Toxic Shock, by Gross Genitalia.
   All rights...what rights? This is America, we have no rights.
 
 
