                              MAILBOXING
                      How to Aquire Credit Cards-
                How to use Credit Cards You've aquired
              What precautions to take to not get caught

  This is a file I feel many people may find interesting and educational.
This is for entertainment purposes only.  I do not suggest this, or do I practice this.  I hope you enjoy this file for you "entertainment purposes".

  The number one way I have found in the past for aqquiring credit cards, besides getting a job with the credit card agency or the post office, is mailboxing.  This is a time-honored tradition of going out late at night and finding quiet residential neighborhoods to get credit cards from.  Upper-class and suburban neighbor-hoods are suggested.  Once you have found an good, quiet neighborhood, wait until it is far past sunset.  Remember not to choose a neighborhood with a lot of teenage kids.  I would not suggest entering the neighborhood after one in the morning, and before five in the morning.  As you probably know, it is easy to forget to get your mail when you get home.  It is also easy to stay away somewhere for a few days- forgetting to get someone to bring in the mail and the paper.  (A bunch of newspapers in front of the house is a good sign!).  So as you can see, in a neighborhood of 100 homes- there are going to be a shitload of houses with mail still in the box.  Go from mailbox to mailbox cleaning out everything within.  This may frequently result in a letter from oh say "American Express", "Master Charge", "Discover Card", "Diners Club", or "Visa".  The possibilities are endless when you count the numerous cards such as "Best Buy", "Express/Structure", "Automatic Teller Machine Cards w/codes", exc., exc.  Let's just say you don't find any of these "Lucky" letters- There are still people who mail cash, send out credit card numbers, and give out other important goodies.  Don't be discouraged by a package (letter) without a big name on it.  If you look care fully, many of the credit card agencies are now marking their letters with very discreet lettering in the return address (to cut down on credit card theft).  If you can't see the possibilities in "Mailboxing" by now, you probably need a testosterone (or estrogen) shot.  The possibilities are endless!

  Yea!  Now I have a credit card.  What the hell do I do now?  There are several different ways to use an unmarked credit card.  First sign the name of the user in your handwriting on the blank.  That covers the hassle of trying to forge their hand writing.  You now have a credit card that you can use almost anywhere!  Worried about it being reported as stolen?  The beauty of mailboxing is:  They won't know it's stolen if they don't know they have it!.
Your first purchase should be small, just to check it out.  To make sure the card is activated: go to a gas station with the credit card machine on the pump.  This saves the hassle of having Billy Ray from security jump your ass (just in case).  If there are no visible cameras, what the hell, fill'er up!
Now you have an active card that you can use anywhere and a tank of gas!  If the machine says "please see cashier", you should leave immeadiatly.  The cashier won't know the card is stolen unless you take it inside.  If you know the credit limit (say $2500), try very hard not to spend over 25% of it at one store (in this case, $625).  If that's not descent cash, I don't know what is (Of course I never have any money).  This card should last for at least 2 weeks on minor purchases (restaurants, clothes, food, small stuff).
Some cards even come with an ATM number along with the credit limit!  I don't recommend making more than one big purchase, or the credit agency will catch on real quick and call the owners.  If they do report it stolen, and you don't have time to check your trusty card at the gas station- you risk getting caught.  Many times an owner who has received a stolen credit card call from their local agency will issue a card pickup.  If this happens, the person at the store you are trying to use it at will just take your card.  If the card is reported stolen (after you've bought that new stereo and pentium server, and all the other stuff you dreamed of having)  The people in the store will try and stall you and sometimes call security.  This is when you tell them you cannot stay and are in a hurry.  "Uh, there must be some mistake.  I bet this is one of the guys at work playing another practical joke."  Get out of the store pretty quickly (haul ass MF!)  Try not to make stupid mistakes and you won't have to cross that bridge.  In either case, the credit card agency might ask to talk to you.  When the phone is handed to you, no matter what the other line says, say "Yes, Yes, O.K. I understand.  O.K. thanks, alright bye."  Then place the phone down- don't let the storeperson touch it and GET OUT!

  There are many other possibilities with this beautiful tool (the credit card), but I am only going to list one of the most simple.  Remember those phone sex numbers and other junk advertised on TV?  Well, on a warm day go to an open phone booth with a door- and have fun.  Don't use your own phone, it can be traced.  And don't use 1-900, because they will charge the phone your on, not the credit card.

  I hope you have enjoyed this little brochure, or documentary, on credit card theft.  Remember, this is only for entertainment purposes only.
 