                   //
                ------------------------------------
         __*** /  A Treasure Island Presentation  /
           ** /   Vancouver's Home for Pirates   /
              \--------------\     \    /       /
                              \____/___/  604  /
                                      /  946  /
                                     /  7445 /
                                    /_______/



                -=:Credit Cards for Fun and Profit:=-

  The following is presented merely for your entertainment, and is NOT in
any way intended for illegal use. References are used from "Credit Card
Fraud" by the Ice Man.
  As the Ice Man said, "The stakes are high, but 'The end justifies the
means'". This is merely an aloboration of his Five-Step method of credit
card fraud.

    Step one: Getting the numbers.

  When a credit card is used in a store, copies must be made of the
information contained on the card. These copies are usually made using
carbon paper, which is thrown out after use. Some customers even go as far
as having the carbons ripped up, but these are easily pieced back together.
Carbons can be found in the trash of almost every major department store in
your area. Be careful with the carbons because they easily wrinkle and
become unreadable. The best stores to check are;

     1) Department stores
     2) Drug stores
     3) Clothing stores
  Unfortunately, because of fraud, the NEW credit slips are CARBONLESS,
which means you must get your numbers by different means. Another way to
get numbers is to look someone's name and address up in the phone book,
call them, and in a VERYconvincing voice say, "Hello. This is John Doe
from the VISA credit-card fraud investigating office. A fraudulent charge
was made with your name and address, and we need to check your card number
to be sure no one has used it illegally. Do you own a VISA card?" If the
answer is yes, then say, "Well, can you read me your number and expiration
date so that I can check it to make sure it's safe?" If the person is REAL
STUPID, you'll have a name, number, and date in no time. Make sure you have
it right, and tell them you'll check it and call them back. (Don't!)

    Step two: Recognizing cards from copies.

Card examples:
[American Express]
 XXXX XXXXXX XXXXX
 MM/Y1 thru MM/Y2
 JOE SHMOE
  Explanation:
MM/Y1 is the date the card was issued, and MM/Y2 is the expiration date.
The American Express Gold card has numbers XXXXXX XXXXXXXX XXXXXXXX and
the company will back this card up for $5000.00 even if the guy is broke.

[Mastercard]
 5XXX XXXX XXXX XXXX
 XXXX AAA DD-MM-YY MM/YY
 JOESHMOE
  Explanation:
XXXX in the second row may be asked for when ordering stuff. The first date
is when the card was new, the second when it expires. The most frequent
number combination used is 5424 1800 XXXX XXXX. There are many of these
cards in circulation, but many are on the wanted lists, so check these
first.

[Visa]
 4XXX XXX(X) XXX(X) XXX(X)
 MM/YY    MM/YY*VISA
 JOESHMOE
  Explanation:
Visa is the most abundant card around, and is excepted almost everywhere.
The *VISA is sometimes replaced with BWG, or followed with a special code.
These codes are as follows;

 1) MM/YY*VISA V  -"Prefered card"
 2) MM/YY*VISA CV -"Classic card"
 3) MM/YY*VISA PV -"Premier card"
"Prefered" cards are backed with more money and are mush safer to use.
"Classic" cards are newer, harder to reproduce cards, with some good
backing. "Premier" cards are "Classic" with "Prefered" coverage.
Common numbers are 4448 020 XXX XXX, 4254 5123 6000 XXXX, and 4254 5123
8500 XXXX. Any 4712 1250 XXXX XXXX cards are IBM credit union cards, and
are risky to use in southern New York, although they are usually covered for
large purchases.

    Step three: Testing credit.

  Next you need to check if a card is stolen, or has enough credit left.
There are phone numbers that stores call to check cards. Most have these
numbers and their MERCHANT NUMBER somewhere around the phone or where they
stamp the slips. It's easy to either find these and copy them, or to wait
until they call one in. Watch what they dial and listen for the eight
(usually) digit MERCHANT NUMBER. Once you call the number, in a calm voice,
read off the ACCOUNT NUMBER, MERCHANT NUMBER, AMOUNT, and EXPIRATION DATE.
They will tell you if it's okay, and will give you an authorization number.
Pretend you're writing this number down, and repeat it back to them to
check it. Ignore the number completely, because it serves no real purpose.
Once you do this, however, the bank removes dollars equal to the amount
you told them, because the card was supposedly used to buy stuff. Sometimes
you can trick the operator by telling her the customer changed his mind and
decided not to charge it. Of course, some won't allow this. Remember at all
times that you are supposed to be a store clerk calling to check out the
card for a purchase. Act like you are talking with a customer when he/she
"CANCELS".

    Step four: The drop.

  Once the cards are cleared, you must find a place to have the package
sent. NEVER use a drop more than once. The following are typical drops;

 1) An empty house makes an excellent place to send things. Send the package
UPS and leave a note on the door saying, "UPS. I work days, 8 to 6. Could
you please leave the package on the back door step?" You can find dozens
of houses from a real estate agent by telling them you want to look. Just
ask for a list of twenty houses for sale and tell them you'll check out the
area. Do so, until you find one that suits your needs.
 2) Rent-a-spot. U-HAUL rents spaces where you can have packages sent and
signed for. End your space when the package arrives.
 3) People's homes. Find someone you don't know, and have it sent there.
Call ahead saying that "I called the store and they sent the package to the
wrong address. It was already sent, but can you keep it there for me?
Thank you." Then pick it up later. Ice Man says this is also reliable.
 4) Anything similar to post office boxes should also work. Make sure that
the box cannot be traced back to you.

    Step five: Using the cards.

  The best things to order from are magazines, or catalogs. Order at the
beginning of the month. Billing is done at the end of the month, and this
gives you more time to be cautious. Try to call late in the day or at night,
or on weekends, when people are tired and careless. Memorize the number,
and date, and learn how to SPELLTHE NAME. Don't try to sound old or
mature, because this usually doesn't work. Think positive, and if you run
into a snag, say something like "Gee! My mom left me the card number to use
to buy this stuff. She forgot to leave (whatever is wrong or missing). I'll
call her and ask her what it is." Don't call back for a few days, and do it
at a different time with a different card. This works well when you screw
up. Have the package sent UPS overnight air, because yo are not paying for
anything. Sound positive, and have all your information ready. The Ice Man
also advises not to post numbers, due to the trouble you can get the SYSOP
into, and the stupidity of most of the people on boards.
  Insurance companies (those blood suckers) pick up the tab on all goods
bought with fraudulent credit numbers. Always remember to be CAREFUL and
REASONABLE when using card numbers.
