                              CARDING
                                   by Devpac

For those who don't know carding revolves around the usage of credit cards
(Visa, Master Card, American Express etc.) to buy things for use of sale.
As a general rule you use someone else's card.

If you didn't then you'd have to pay, and nobody enjoys that.

Alot of schoolkids usually come across carding when they are bumming around
in the summer, think big and give it a shot. I've never known a kid who has
had it work first time out. Before you can be successful you must have the
knowledge and that what this page has to offer.

THE SYSTEM

Firstly I think everyone needs a good knowledge and understanding of what a
credit card is, what it can do and how they work.

Here is a brief overview of the system:

A Man (with his dog) walks into a store and decides to buy a new power tool
so he can finish renovating the porch which he's been putting off for ages.
He has a regular job that pays monthly but he needs his tool now so he
decides to buy it on his credit card. He takes the goods to the counter
where they take down some of his details and he walks out of the store with
the power tool in hand and that's the end of it for now.

His details that were taken down are stored on little slips of paper or in
a computer file. At the end of the month his, and all the others details
are collected up and sent off to Visa or MasterCard etc. The people at Visa
then take on the responsibility for the goods. that were bought and they
send off the money their credit card holders have spent to the store where
they spent it.

The store is now happy, on level terms and out of the picture. Now the
credit card company has lost money, so they send a bill to the man (and his
dog) asking for their cash. The man then pays what he owes and everyone is
happy.

It is important to understand that by carding you are not stealing from an
individual or from a small store. Every time, no matter what oddities
happen along the way, the store will be paid and the man with his dog will
only pay what they have lawfully spent, any discrepancies are taken up by
the card company.

THE CARD

A credit card is a piece of cheaply manufactured plastic. In itself it's
useless. You can make money as a carding without ever seeing or touching
one. The credit card links information to money (and therefore goods) and
vice versa. The important thing is the information that is tagged to a
credit card, that is what a carder needs.

So what information are you going to need in order to convince the store
that you are someone that you are not. Well obviously you need to know the
persons name. Also, no credit card transaction can take place without the
number of the card account.

Those are the two main fields of information that will always be required.
After that there are several other items that could be asked for, just to
make sure that the correct card is being charged. I'll go through some of
them individually.

Expiry date. A new credit card is only issued for a set time. It used to be
the case that someone could get a credit card, go off and buy things and
even if they got into debt and never paid the card company they could carry
on buying. Simply because in those days by the time someone knew the card
was no good the user was at home with his new stuff. Since there was no
fixed term on the card it could run up a bill for years. So a typical card
now lasts 2 or 3 years. After that, even if the credit is good, it cannot
be used. Some companies may check the expiry date with the card database,
others just glance at it and make sure it has a few months left on it.
You've got about a 30% chance that it will be checked. So 7 out of 10 times
you can just make up a date in a few months and you'll get away with it.

Address. When a store asks for an address they usually want what is known
as the billing address. This is the address where, at the end of the month
Visa or whoever send the bill to the cardholder. This address can be
checked with the card company for authenticity and so some stores will only
dispatch to the billing address on the credit card transactions. Some
stores will ask for the address to deliver to, this cannot be checked and
so anything goes. Have it delivered to Timbuktu and they wont give a fuck.
Some stores ask for the billing address and, if different, the delivery
address. In awkwardness these lie between the two others.

Phone number. You will often be asked for a telephone number where they
will contact you to arrange delivery or ask questions. If they don't get to
you on the phone they will begin to question the rest of your information
more thoroughly. To my knowledge the major card companies do not store a
checkable phone number on their database so you can get away with using one
of your own. Of course not your home phone because it belongs to you and
can easily be traced to you. A ripped mobile is a good phone to use. As
well as not having to wait by the phone all day (it can wait by you) it is
untraceable. If you cannot sit by the phone all day it is a good idea to
leave an answerphone attached to the line with the message not quoting any
names just the number. This may satisfy a store, if not they might ask you
to ring them (far safer) and it'll lay their suspicions to rest.

I think I should also quickly talk about the card number itself. These are
no just randomly generated numbers. When a new card is issued the card
company uses a set algorithm (Known as the "Modular - 10" or "Luhn"
algorithm) to mathematically generate a number for the card. The most
common cards Visa and MasterCard both use the same algorithm and produce
either 13 or 16 digit numbers. Every time though the first 4 and
occasionally the first 6 of these numbers are a code which links a bank of
issue to a card. e.g. 4532 xxxx xxxx xxxx could be issued by the Bloggs
bank of New Jersey. American Express and discovercard numbers are in
different formats but use a similar algorithm to generate them.

Some clever folks have written computer programs that can run these
algorithms and have code listing so they can generate card numbers that
could be real. They will pass most checks but remember these could be but
aren't necessarily real cards. There are alot of real credit cards in the
world but there are many more possible combinations of digits.

Having said all that these programs do have their uses. If you didn't copy
a card number accurately or had trouble reading it then the programs can
often correct it. Also if you're buying card details from a crackhead or
something then it pays just to quickly check that the numbers are
realistic.

A couple of programs are available for download from my site:
                 http://members.tripod.com/~Devpac/programs.htm.

CARD INFOMATION

This is the part where you have to be cunning. Loads of different methods
for obtaining the vital cardholding information have been tried over the
years but here are some that have been proved to work regularly in the
past.

The first is the most accessible to the vast majority of people but does
require a sharp nerve. Simply go through the phone book picking out people,
from this you'll already have a name, address and phone number and you
haven't even done anything yet. Now ring them and pose to be from a well
respected organisation like Visa or MasterCard. Try and get them to give
you the information from their card. Say things like your doing a random
check or something. Remember though that in some countries (UK especially)
the phone number you are dialling from can be logged at the other end, so
be very careful. Withhold your number if at all possible (prefix 141 in
UK).

Now, when a purchase is made in a store the store keeps a receipt of the
transaction. They're usually on little blue bits of paper printed out from
a computer. There are actually two identical copies of this receipt, one is
kept by the consumer and the other is kept by the store. On these receipts
is usually printed the card number, it's expiry date and the cardholders
name. In alot of cases that will be enough information to start buying
stuff, so if you can get your hands on some of these slips it's a good
start.

So obviously there are two sources for this type of information, one is the
store and the second is the consumer. At a store the receipts are almost
always kept in or underneath the till. At the end of the day or week or
whatever they are collected up and processed. So you've got to choose
whether you're going to get them before or after they've been processed. If
before then you'll probably need a few friends. Go into a store, make a
distraction and pick up the slips. Or if you're holding up a store don't
just take the cash, the slips are just as valuable in the right hands.
Remember though that the slips taken at this stage will be noticed missing.
This isn't a great problem in the immediate future but it does mean that
next time you go in they will be far more suspicious. If you take them
after processing then nobody will ever know, but it's finding them which is
now the problem. They'll usually be thrown in the trash or destroyed so you
need to observe the store very carefully to see what their routine is. Then
again get some friends together and raid the place at night. Of course is
you actually worked in the store, it would be easy to take slips.

Getting slips from individuals is a different task altogether, there are
loads to many ways I've heard of it being done here. A few examples is
breaking into their home at night and taking card information and slips
from their bags. Robbing them in the street. In pubs, parties or clubs
simply going around to peoples jackets and bags and having a quick search.
Use your imagination. But remember not to take the card itself. When it
next is needed and found missing the account will be closed so it's no good
to anybody.

The third proven method is to intercept a persons post. Then you receive
their monthly billing statements, newly issued cards allsorts (Chequebooks
even, these can often be used in the same way as credit cards to very good
effect). Again remember not to take every little thing from their post or
they will become suspicious. Just sit back and be patient, I think that
applies to all areas of carding, and other stuff too. A good way to gain
access to alot of post is to get a job at a post office or something. Over
Christmas alot of places take on temp staff to cover all the cards.

Also whenever you get some new card information it makes sense to check out
the card and it's limits. To use this obtain a merchant checking account.
These are telephone numbers you ring and then enter the card number and
expiry date and it can tell you how much credit is left on the card. I'll
be posting some here soon.

That's the three main methods covered but use your imagination. Any details
you don't get originally can often be found using a bit of research and
observation.

PURCHASING

Now you've got all the information on people and their credit cards you are
ready to make a purchase. This stage of the process is often where people
meet their downfall as you now have to make contact with the store
themselves. You've got to keep cool. Even if you do get challenged (which
you will do regularly at first) keep your wits about you and work around
it. Don't just hang up telling the store to fuck off cos they're a bunch of
cocksuckers. I reckon that'll arouse their suspicions. If a card number
doesn't go through then say you'll speak to your bank to find out what's
going on. That way you walk away with some credibility left, albeit not
much.

The four main ways of buying things on credit cards are as follows. By
phone to mail order, by internet to mail order, by mail to mail order,
directly to a high street store.

I wouldn't try the latter myself, but if you do have the facilities to press
cards and stuff then it's worth a shot. In many ways it's the best, I mean
you can try before you buy and once you are out of the store, so long as
you aren't a regular shopper, then you're gone forever and they won't catch
you. Just make sure you don't do any of this on your doorstep because I
guarantee you will be caught.

Using standard mail to order is the safest and by far most reliable,
unfortunately alot of people aren't patient enough. But that's their fault.
The good points about mailing is that you, the orderer, are untraceable.
You can keep sending out orders and even if they are rejected, what can
they do? Fuck all that's what they can do. Also, it is very easy to make a
mailing slip look authentic. So long as all your information is authentic
then it won't even be questioned, most places that operate by mail don't
have the technology to look up lots of details anyway. One drawback is that
it's difficult to get feedback from them about like when the shit is being
delivered.

Second best is ordering by phone. If you have the ability to sound
convincing enough then you can get away with it. Also you can answer any
questions they have immediately. So they wont have a long time to research
into how real you are. Also make some enquiries as to price. If you seem to
be ordering the most expensive shit carelessly they'll become suspicious.
Ask how much xxxxxx would be if you didn't have xxxxxx on it and then get
that one. It pays to practise this with some friends. If you are doing this
and also getting card details off people by ringing up and faking being
from Visa etc then you'll soon become a pro at this and will be able to
pull oscar winning performances every time.

Internet ordering can be quite awkward although it's the most used simply
because it's very accessible to people like you viewing this magazine.
Unfortunately internet stores as a general rule have very tight security.
Many have online detail checking direct from MasterCard etc. It is hard to
use fake information to get by a good internet site although if you do you
can get good feedback off them. You will learn by experience that knowing
when a package is coming and who it's being delivered by are good assets to
have.

I also have to point out that you ought to know about things like IP
tracing and recording etc. Internet sites can record infomation about the
viewers of the page and if you aren't careful you can leave alot of
evidence behind that may seem insignificant to you but in the hands of the
right person can yield alot of useful infomation to aid your downfall...
You have been warned.

Porn sites though don't have much security. Their nature means they aren't
main stream and don't have big incomes to be able to afford good security.
If you are into that sort of thing a credit card generating program will be
quite sufficient.

DELIVERY

Taking secure delivery of goods is the hardest part to master. Any kid can
do the rest of the stuff but not this. You've got to be quick thinking and
clever. I've spoken about not doing things on your doorstep before and now
is more important than ever. Do not get things bought on mail order
delivered to your own home. I've seen this happen time and time again and
people are actually surprised when a card is revoked or refused and
policeman plod comes knocking on your door. I even saw a TV documentary
about some people who effectively carded a bedroom suite to be delivered to
their door and installed. All of this was being watched by a couple of
gobsmacked cops who needless to say arrested them there and then.

The whole idea you've got to think about here is making sure there are no
links between you, your goods and the store. So a good idea is getting
goods delivered to another house. Again, don't use you're next doors
neighbour because it'll be traced to you. Use new houses, empty houses,
maybe where nobody lives or the people have gone on holiday. Things like
that. Then you wait until the goods are delivered and go pick them up.

If the house is occupied don't worry, it's not really a bad thing. In fact
it can be a good thing. If a delivery van turns up, most people will sign
for it without even asking what it is (most of the time the delivery guy
wouldn't say anyway). This will put the delivery guy at rest. Now you can
go around to this persons house and say "I think there's been a delivery
mix up, have you received any parcels?" etc. They'll remember the strange
thing that they didn't order, hand it to you and you'll be off. They won't
know where you've gone to and that's that. The police will go knocking on
their door and they'll have to say that some kid in baggy jeans with a
baseball cap came around... you get the picture. Once you've got the goods
away then you're in the clear. Just don't go around their house again !!!

Operating through an empty house is a different story. It's a case of
convincing the delivery guy that the house is occupied and belongs to you.
It's unlikely that you're going to be able to hang around all day waiting
for the delivery man so your best shot is to leave a note saying please
leave in xxxxxxx . A good tip is to make sure that the note is signed. Most
delivery companies like UPS or FedEx won't deliver unless the note is
signed.

Another good ploy can and has been done if you know someone who works in
the post office or at a delivery company. I know of one scam in London
where people ordered shit from a computer store that delivered by Business
Post. When the stuff reached the sorting depot it was taken aside by one of
the employee's and taken home. It appeared though as if the stuff had been
delivered to another address though. One or two occasions they actually
mailed on the empty boxes for proof of delivery.

So that's that. Just make sure you take your time and plan plan plan. Don't
get too greedy and impatient.
		

                          Devpac  Copyright 1998
