The REAL Rules of Carding!
-----------------------------------
 
By Dr. Chip of Red Sector! (Hi Bill!)
 
 
 
Disclaimer:
           Even though I do know this information, it in no way suggests
           that I use it. 
 
 
How to get CC #'S 
----------------- 
 
     This is pretty easy.  It isn't really necessary nor safe to use CC #'S
that you get off a board unless the board is highly elite and you know you
can trust the person and the CC number is not going to be used by anyone
else.
 
     Also, to people who post CC #'S - Make sure that you are posting it on
a board on which no one except elite people are reading it.  If a rodent
(word courtesy of King Blotto) happens to be on a general board in which
someone posted his mothers CC #, there is a 100% chance that kid will tell
his parents, and the sysop might get nailed for it.  It's happened so be
careful. 
 
     The easiest way to get cc #'s is to go to a trash bin of a place that
uses cc #'s.  If the place doesn't bother burning the papers, you can
usually find hundreds and hundreds of #'s on a good day.  If you work in a
Gas station, you can get millions of the things a day. 
 
     If you want to nail some guy you know, and you can break into his car.
Most people will save their CC #'S and its registration right in the glove
compartement for records about their gas.  Just break into the car, grab one
of those papers, and voila!
 
     A few warnings, many banks now have cameras set up to watch the trash-
bins. You can either spray the camera with spray paint or cover it with a
sheet, but then just quickly grab some and run.  You never know if the cop
will be watching that camera. Remember, the best way to go cc # looking is
to get with a friend who is in a car, watching for other people.. Also, it
is best to go late at night, the later the better, the guards are usually so
stupid that they won't even bother watching.  Most people that I know don't
even bother with banks trash-bins though.  The only time it's good to do that
is if you're also trashing for hacking info.  If you just need some CC #'s
then just find some good place that uses CC's and trash it..
 
     There are other ways such as credit bureau's that you can get credit
card numbers as well as telephone numbers, and lots of other fun information.
However, as a whole, stay away from credit bureau's like CBI and especially
TRW.  TRW has gotten extremely dangerous.  If you enter a false pw, the the
call is immediately traced.  If you decide to use credit bureaus that fine,
but as whole, there is no real need to. just go trashing for new cc numbers,
and you real won't have anything to worry about.  If you trash a place in
which the customers are rich, you usually won't have to worry about the card
being valid.
 
     A note--> Visa and mastercard have changed over to a new type of carbon.
In other words when you tear the copies , the number on the carbons gets
split in half.  (thanx Bomb Jack).  There are still ways around this.  Have
a friend of yours that works in one of these places just write down the
numbers.  A friend of mine works in a place where they take all the cc
carbons, chuck them in one barrel.  he then takes them out to the trash..
(or does he??) 
 
     well, that just about covers methods of how to get cc #'s.  if you
would like to try your luck with credit bureau's then read the file, TRW
information or other files which have to do with credit bureaus.  I am not
going to go into detail about them. 
 
Explanation of CC #'s 
--------------------- 
 
     You've got this garbage, but you don't know exactly what kind of card
it is or anything else. Well, to find out what kind of card it is here is a
brief summary of the number of digits and the information you need to know
to use the cc's properly.
 
     Mastercard 
        Digits-16 
        Expiration date-look for 
          something like 4/85 
        Usually has an Interbank number 
          that is 4 digits long 
        Name of person 
 
     Visa 
        Digits-13 
        Expiration date - same form as 
          above 
        Name of person 
 
     Visa Gold 
        Same as normal Visa but have 16 
          digits 
 
     American Express 
        Digits-15 
        Expiration date - these 
          have beginning and ending
          expiration dates that you have 
          to know like- 10/83-7/85 
        Name of person 
 
     American Express Gold 
        Digits-20 
        Expiration date - same as normal 
        Name 
         Note-These cards have a 5000 
          dollars in them at least so 
          look for them 
 
     American Express Platinum 
        Digits-? 
        Expiration date - same ??? 
        Has a 1,000,000 dollar limit i 
          think. 
 
 
                ---------------------------------------- 
                 I would like to thank King Blotto for
                 his help on this section about voice
                 validation numbers.. 
                ---------------------------------------- 
 
     Many times people will post numbers that will "check" the credit card
for the amount of money that you type in. However, there are many problems
with this.  The major one is that when you call the number and type in that
amount, it is subtracted from the card.  In other words, if you have a card
that has 500 $ in it and you "check" it for 300 dollars and then try to use
the card, there will only be 200 dollars in the account so it won't work.
Now another idea that has been suggested is to have just a small amount
entered, just to check to see if the card is valid.  This will work, but
make sure you enter something like 50$, since validation of cards is not
done usually on orders that are under 50 dollars. 
 
     Here are some of the "voice validation numbers that I am talking about.
1-800-842-1250.. Another one is 1-800-228-1111, when you get a carrier,
do #+5317007000220959+card number + the expiration date + the amount of the
purchase.  The recording will tell you if it is valid or not.  (Thanx to
the COSMOS BBS for that last one).  However, there shouldn't even be a need
to check on them.  As long as you get them from a somewhat rich place, and
don't use it for anything extravagent (A black porshe, for instance), you
shouldn't have anything to worry about. 
 
Uses 
---- 
 
     Ok, the part everybody's been waiting for.  You have that stupid number
in your hand but how do you use it?  There are many ways to use the numbers
and I'll go through as many as I can right here.
 
     An important thing to remember is - Never use a CC # more that once.
You can use the same cc at the same time, but don't use a cc # one month and
then try to use it again the next.  The best time to use a CC #'S is at the
end of the month when the bills arrive.  That means you have an entire month
to use the card.
 
     OK, now for the uses.  There are two kinds of uses that you can u ze a
CC for.  Number one is "for yourself".  You can use the CC to add to your
computer, your home, or whatever else you want to add to.  The other type of
use is revenge.  You can use the CC either to get back at the person who
owns the CC, or get back at other people which will be explained further
into the tutorial.
 
     Mail order catalogs - Places that say that they will accept cc # orders
are great places to order from. However, a quick inside tutorial is needed
here.  She is going to ask you for your phone number to check you out. There
are two ways to get around this. Number 1 is to call from a pay fone in your
town and wait until she calls back. Wait about 15 minutes, if she doesn't
call back by then, she's not calling back.  A note..  50% of the time the
lady will give the number to shipping to validate.  The guy will then call
you the next day.  If you want to get around this tell the lady that you are
calling from out of state and won't be at this number tomorrow.  She'll
probably fallfor it. An extremely good way of using a pay fone is to get the
fone number of the CC owner forwarded to the phone booth.  This can be a
little difficult for the beginner CC'er Though.
 
     The second way is to find a good loop in your state and call the other
end and give her the first end.  This is the best way there is.  Remember
though, if you tell her that you live in Conneticut, but the loop you give
her is in Pennsylvania, and she notices, you will be in trouble.  Continuing
on this thought, you need an address to which to send your new found goods.
 
     There are many different places to have the goods shipped to.  Remember,
don't send it to your house!!  Not very intelligent.  Because you're not
going to send it to your house you must use a drop zone. A drop zone is a
house thatnear one of your friend's house or your house. The perfect drop
zone has nobody living in it, and is currently waiting for a buyer.  Another
perfect drop zone is a neighbor who's going away to some place like England
for a 3 month vacation. The only problem with that is that the person might
have their mailheld at the post office. However, U.P.S., which packages are
sent through, often doesn't listen, and just sends the sucker anyway.  I
recently read that another good place to use as a drop zone is a friend's
house.  What you are then supposed to do is to have grab the package as soon
as it arrives, and when and if the cops come, just say that you had no idea
what they're talking about. I advise against this.   They will probably
continue to suspect you, andyour if your friend's parents come across the
file before you or your friend do, you might have a little explaining to do.
If you want to CC and you can't find a good drop zone, don't send it to a
friends house, just send it to an old ladies home, who's too lazy togo out
and get her mail.  Just swing by the house every day and check and see if
the package arrived. 
 
     Ok, so you have your drop zone, you have a fone number to give the
"nice" lady, so now's the big moment.  Give the place a call.  Be sure to
sound as cool and collected as possible. If you hesitate alot and worry, the
lady will become suspicious. Sound a little bit annoyed at the lady, like you
have better things to do, but be polite. Then just order what you want, she
will ask for the name of the person, his CC #, his expiration date, and all
the otherstuff I listed above.  Don't be stupid and hesistate on the guys
name. It does not assure the lady that you are really John Fredrickson or
whoever. Remember, be catious with what you buy. It is possible to get 20
meg hard drives, but they usually will check you out more. If you want to
get a joystick, but say, "what the hell, I might as well go for a hard drive
too..", buy the hard drive with one card #, and the joystick with another.
That way, you'll at least get the joystick.
 
     Phone Sex Numbers - There are tons of these, phun fone sex numbers that
you can get out of any porno magazine alive. If you need any of these just
check in your newest porno magazine like velvetand they're listed there.  If
you are too young to get these magazine, still want to try this method, and
can't find someone who can get them, I can give youa list of them that I got
from a board somwhere.
 
     Anyway, when you call up, talk in a deep voice (If you have a really
high voice, have someone else do this) and act like your really desperate.
The "nice" lady will then say something like "We have tons of hot girls just
waiting here to serve you." You have to give most of these ladies a lot more
information that the fone order places. She'll usually ask for a fone
number, an address, andall kinds of other shit.  Then she'll hang up, while
she is checking your infoand then later call you back.  A fun thing to do is
to call this lady, and convince her to call a loop where you have about 15
kids on the line.  As soon as she calls, have a little fun with this lady by
saying things like..
 
       "Do you do this for a living?" 
       "You're no good at this, I want my money back!!"
       "Are you doing this because you love my mind?" 
       "Does your mother know you're doing this?" 
       Have everybody on the line scream "Whore!!!!!!!!!!!" or "Slut!!!!!"
 
     Just sit there until she's finished, (she'll start screaming, "i'm
coming, I'm coming!!", and then have everybody on the line go at the same
time, "Aaaaaaaaaah!!!".  It phreaks the lady out..
 
     Another thing you can do is to have the lady call up a guy you really
hate and watch through his window as he tries to explain to his wife why
"Wonderful Wanda" just gave him a call and said he asked for some serious
phone sex. 
 
     Computer Shows - A lot of Computer shows have telephone lines set up so
they can demonstrate their modems.  What you do then is to walk around until
you find one of these places and say.
 
     "Excuse me, my father is at work right now, but would like to buy that
1200 baud modem and two joysticks (more about the two joysticks later), but
can't get down to the show.  Can he call you and give you his credit card
number. You can then call him back and check him out"
 
     It usualy takes a while to find a sucker that will do this but when you
do.  Have one of your friends call the number while you stand and talk with
the guy.  Make sure your friend talks in a "fatherish" voice.  Chat it up
with this guy.  When he asks for the number, give him the number of the pay
fone.  Your friend will then be called back upon which he will reply "Yep,
I ordered it."  Voila!  You now have a 1200 baud modem and two joysticks.
 
     Important things to consider about this last method, if you do get
caught. Now I will explain why to get two joysticks, it doesn't have to be
two joysticks, it can be two microchips, it doesn't matter. If you do get
caught (it's never happened to anyone I know, but this is a pre-caution),
tell the cops that you were doing this since this guy told you that he would
give each of you a joystick with his credit card number if you would go in.
Say that he had no cash and couldn't get into the show, and he left his
credit card athome or something.  Remember, creativity in this situation may
save the cat, not kill it.  Then, lead the cops outside and show them where
you were supposed to meet this guy and give it to him.  He, obviously, won't
be there so you say,"Shit, he must have seen me with you and ran!  I didn't
know I was doing anythingwrong, he just wanted to get this modem really
badly but didn't have his credit  card with him or any cash"  Act really
stupid, because this really is a lame excuse.
 
     If you find a really stupid looking salesmen, especially the foreign
ones (they wouldn't believe that anything like this would ever happen) this
method will work extremely well. 
 
     Destoying a person's credit - This is by far the easiest revenge method
of credit carding.  Just call up one of those "voice validation" or "credit
card validation" numbers and type in the CC #of a person that you hate, and
then keep typing in high amounts of money until all the money in his account
has disappeared.  Then when he goes to buy something, all the money on his
Credit Card will have suddenly disappeared.
 
                  (* An important note to rodents in    *) 
                  (*  audience.  do not use methods of  *) 
                  (*  revenge unless the person really  *) 
                  (*  deserves it.  Do not clear out a  *)
                  (*  person's credit card because he   *) 
                  (*  won't let you play in his yard    *) 
                  (*  remember sandza!!!                *) 
                  (*    he didn't deserve what he got.. *) 
                  (*  so be smart, but have fun         *) 
 
Advanced Credit Carding 
----------------------- 
 
     Ok, you've come this far.  "What's next?" you ask.  Well, the more
advanced thing to do and the best thing to do if you are successful is to
get a real plastic (Credit card). If you steal one, go wild with it the
first day, since the person will probably call in and report the card
missing after a while. Make sure you have a copy of the person's signature,
a fake id, under his name, or anything else useful.  If your signature looks
totally different than the signature of the person, you will get nailed.
Things to remember:  Don't getcaught!!  Act older than you probably are. The
older you are, the better chance of success you will have. Again, act casual
about it.  Biting your fingernails is not a good sign of a good customer.
Another thing to do is to stay away from big places.  I do know of people,
(not personally, A friend ofmine works there and at least 4 people have been
caught for doing this)   Visit small stores and small places. Sometimes you
can take the stuff back and return it for money. Don't use the CC's at banks
for cash unless you want to get caught.
 
     Another great advanced method is to get your own fake cc card.  These
are the best.  Have the card shipped to a drop zone or house, and once you
get it, go wild. Use it at all the places which don't check out your credit
rating (there are a few stupid places that don't)
 
     You can also`?et fake Lechmere cards, Sears card, or any other type of
money card if you work at it.  Just be careful.  I've been informed that
merchants are supposed to detain illegal Credit Carders by peaceful methods,
but I think that if a person is using a fake credit card, they're not going
just say, "Please come with me, unless you don't want to."  If you're in a
small store,make a run for it.  If you're in a big st{{re, and the clerk
informs you that the card is invalid (If he thinks the signature isn't
right, he won't tell you, but if he watch to see if he calls security) then
just act huffy, grab your fake card angrily, and walk out of the store in a
huff. 
 
     Well, that about sums it all up. This file is now about 10 pages, I
think, so enjoy. The version that you are reading now is version 2.  I will
probably end up adding things or changing things as time goes on so look for
version 3. If anybody has any questions or comments just leave me E-mail
somewhere.
  
 
Thanx. 
 
DISCLAIMER:  Once again, I'd like to remind everyone that this in no way
suggests that I use illegal CC #'s. This is just information that I've heard,
know, have figured out, and have made up.
 
Important note:  If you get busted, don't come crying to me, the penalty is
stiff so if you want to enter the realm of cc fraud, do it knowing you're on
your own. 
 
                                                       Later Dude(s)...
[0m
Downloaded from House Atreides...[716]/627-3490!!
Press a key...


