     Part one in a series of postings about the workings of the credit card
     industry.

      DEFINITIONS
      -----------

     First some terms, along with the meanings they have in the industry:

     Cardholder - an individual to whom a credit card is issued.  Typically,
         this individual is also responsible for payment of all charges made
         to that card.  Corporate cards are an exception to this rule.

     Card Issuer - an institution that issues credit cards to cardholders.
         This institution is also responsible for billing the cardholder for
         charges.  Often abbreviated to "Issuer".

     Card Accepter - an individual, organization, or corporation that
         accepts credit cards as payment for merchandise or services.  Often
         abbreviated "Accepter" or "merchant".

     Acquirer - an organization that collects (acquires) credit
         authorization requests from Card Accepters and provides guarantees
         of payment.  Normally, this will be by agreement with the Issuer of
         the card in question.

     Many issuers are also acquirers.  Some issuers allow other acquirers to
     provide authorizations for them, under pre-agreed conditions.  Other
     issuers provide all their own authorizations.


      TYPES OF CARDS
      ----- -- -----

     The industry typically divides up cards by the business of the issuer.
     So there are bank cards (VISA, Master Card, Discover), Petroleum Cards
     (SUN Oil, Exxon, etc.), and Travel and Entertainment (T&E) cards
     (American Express, Diners' Club, Carte Blanche).  Other cards are
     typically lumped together as "Private Label" cards.  That would include
     department store cards, telephone cards, and the like.  Most private
     label cards are only accepted by the issuer.  People are starting to
     divide the telephone cards into a separate class, but it hasn't re-
     ceived widespread acceptance.  (This is just a matter of terminology,
     and doesn't affect anything important.)

     Cards are also divided by how they are billed.  Thus there are credit
     cards (VISA, MC, Discover, most department store cards), charge cards
     (American Express, AT&T, many petroleum cards) and debit cards.  Credit
     cards invoke a loan of money by the issuer to the cardholder under
     pre-arranged terms and conditions.  Charge cards are simply a payment
     convenience, and their total balance is due when billed.  When a debit
     card is used, the amount is taken directly from the cardholder's ac-
     count with the issuer.  Terminology is loose - often people use "credit
     card" to encompass credit cards and charge cards.

     A recent phenomenon is third-party debit cards.  These cards are issued
     by an organization with which the cardholder has no account relation-
     ship.  Instead, the cardholder provides the card issuer with the infor-
     mation necessary to debit the cardholder's checking account directly
     through an Automated Clearing House (ACH), the same way a check would
     be cleared.  This is sort of like direct deposit of paychecks, in re-
     verse.  ACHs love third-party debit cards.  Banks hate them.

     Another recent addition is affinity cards.  These cards are valid
     credit cards from their issuer, but carry the logo of a third party,
     and the third party benefits from their use.  There is an incredible
     variety of affinity cards, ranging from airlines to colleges to profes-
     sional sports teams.


      HOW THEY MAKE MONEY
      --- ---- ---- -----

     Issuers of credit cards make money from cardholder fees and from inter-
     est paid on outstanding balances.  Not all issuers charge fees. Even
     those that do, make most of their money on the interest.  They really
     LIKE people who pay the minimum each month.

     Issuers of charge cards make money from cardholder fees.  Some charge
     cards actually run at a loss for the company, particularly those that
     are free.  The primary purpose of such cards is to stimulate business.

     Issuers of debit cards may make money on transaction fees.  Not all
     debit card transactions have fees.  Most debit cards exist to stimulate
     business for the bank and to offload tellers and back-room departments. 
     To date, third-party debit cards exist solely to stimulate business. 
     Providers of such cards make no direct money from their use.

     Acquirers make money from transaction charges and discount fees. Unlike
     the charges and fees mentioned above, these fees are paid by the ac-
     cepter, not (directly) by the cardholder.  (Technically, it is not le-
     gal for the merchants to pass these charges directly to the consumer. 
     Some petroleum stations have gotten away with giving a discount for
     cash, and it has survived court challenges so far.) Transaction charges
     are typically in pennies per transaction, and are sensitive to the type
     of communication used for the authorization. Discount fees are a per-
     centage of the purchase price and are sensitive to volume and compli-
     ance to rules.  One way to encourage merchants to follow certain
     procedures or to upgrade to new equipment is to offer a lower discount
     fee.

     Until fairly recently, the only motivation for accepters was to expand
     their business by accepting cards.  Reduction of fraud was enough rea-
     son for many merchants to pay authorization fees, but in many cases, it
     isn't worth the cost.  (That is, it is cheaper to pay the fraud than to
     prevent it.)  Recently, electronic settlement has provided merchants
     with an added benefit by reducing float on charged purchases. Merchants
     can now get their accounts credited much faster than before, which
     helps cash flow.

     Companies that issue charge cards are real keen on float reduction. The
     sooner they can bill you, the sooner they get their money.  Credit card
     companies are also interested in float reduction, since the sooner they
     bill, the sooner they can start charging interest.  Debit cards
     typically involve little or no float.

     Affinity cards usually pay a percentage of purchases to the affinity
     organization.  Although it may seem obvious to take this money from the
     discount fee, this doesn't work since the issuer is not always the
     acquirer.  The money for this usually comes from the interest paid on
     outstanding balances.  Essentially, the bank is giving a share of its
     profits to an organization in turn for the organization promoting use
     of its credit card.  The affinity organization is free to use its cut
     any way it wishes.  An airline will typically put it into the frequent
     flyer program (and credit miles to your account).  A college may put
     the money into the general fund or into a scholarship fund.  Lord only
     knows what a sports team does with the money!


      THE PLAYERS AND THEIR ROLES
      --- ------- --- ----- -----

     American Express (AMEX) is a charge card issuer and acquirer.  (Their
     other businesses are not important to this discussion.)  All AMEX pur-
     chases are authorized by AMEX.  They make most of their money from the
     discount fees, which is why they have the highest discount fee in the
     industry.  That's one reason why AMEX isn't accepted in as many places
     as VISA and MC, and a reason why many merchants will prefer another
     card to an AMEX card.  The control AMEX has over authorization allows
     them to provide what they consider to be better cardholder
     ("cardmember" to them) services.

     VISA is a non-profit corporation (SURPRISE!) that is best described as
     a purchasing and marketing coalition of its member banks.  VISA issues
     no credit cards itself - all VISA cards are issued by member banks.
     VISA does not set terms and conditions for its member banks - the banks
     can do pretty much as they please in signing cardholders.  All VISA
     charges are ultimately approved by the card issuer, regardless of where
     the purchase was made.  Many smaller banks share their account
     databases with larger banks, third parties, or VISA itself, so that the
     bank doesn't have to provide authorization facilities itself.

     Master Card (MC) is very much like VISA.  There are some differences
     that are important to those in the industry, but from the consumers
     standpoint they operate pretty much the same.

     Discover cards are issued by a bank owned by Sears.  All Discover pur-
     chases are authorized by Sears.

     Most petroleum cards, if they are even authorized, are authorized by
     the petroleum company itself.  There are exceptions.  Fraud on petro-
     leum cards is so low that the main reason for authorization is to
     achieve the float reduction of electronic settlement.


      THE BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS
      --- -------- -------------

     Card acceptors generally sign up with a local acquirer for authoriza-
     tion and settlement of all credit cards.  This acquirer may or may not
     be a card issuer, but certainly will not have issued all the cards that
     the merchant can accept.  The accepter does not generally call one
     place for VISA and a different place for MC, for example.  At one time,
     this was necessary, but more and more acquirers are connected to all
     networks and are offering a broader range of services.

     Acquirers generally are connected to many issuers, and pay transaction
     charges and discount fees to those issuers for authorizations.  Thus,
     the acquirer is actually making money on the difference between fees
     paid and fees billed.  Most acquirers gather together transactions from
     many accepters, allowing them to get volume discounts on fees.  Since
     the accepters individually have lower volume and are not eligible for
     those discounts, there is a markup that the acquirer can get away with. 
     Acquirers also, of course, provide the convenience of a single contact.

     Most large banks are issuers and acquirers.  Things get real interest-
     ing when it's time to settle up.  Some small banks are only issuers. 
     There are third parties that are only acquirers.

     In future episodes, I'll explain how standards help all this chaos work
     together, and give details about how the authorization process happens.

                     Joe Ziegler
                     att!lznv!ziegler
     This is part two in a planned six-part series about the credit card in-
     dustry.  It would be best if you read part one before reading this
     part.  Enjoy.

      DEFINITIONS
      -----------

     Some more new terms that are used in this posting.

     ABA - American Bankers Association

     ACH - Automated Clearing House - an organization that mechanically and
           electronically processes checks.

     ANSI - American National Standards Institute

     Embossing - creating raised letters and numbers on the face of the
           card.

     Encoding - recording data on the magnetic stripe on the back of the
           card.

     Imprinting - using the embossed information to make an impression on a
           charge slip.

     Interchange - sending authorization requests from one host (the
           acquirer) to another (the issuer) for approval.

     ISO - International Standards Organization

     NACHA - National Automated Clearing House Association

     PAN - Personal Account Number.  The account number associated with a
           credit, debit or charge card.  This is usually the same as the
           number on the card.

     PIN - Personal Identification Number.  A number associated with the
           card, that is supposedly know only to the cardholder and the card
           issuer.  This number is used for verification of cardholder
           identity.


      THE ORGANIZATIONS
      --- -------------

     ISO sets standards for plastic cards and for data interchange, among
     other things.  ISO standards generally allow for national expansion.
     Typically, a national standards organization, like ANSI, will take an
     ISO standard and develop a national standard from it.  National stan-
     dards are generally subsets of the ISO standard, with extensions as al-
     lowed in the original ISO standard.  Many credit card standards
     originated in the United States, and were generalized and adopted by
     ISO later.

     The ANSI committees that deal with credit card standards are sponsored
     by the ABA.  Most members of these committees work for banks and other
     financial institutions, or for vendors who supply banks and financial
     institutions.  Working committees report to governing committees.

     All standards go through a formal comment and review procedure before
     they are officially adopted.


      PHYSICAL STANDARDS
      -------- ---------

     ANSI X4.13, "American National Standard for Financial Services -
     Financial Transaction Cards" defines the size, shape, and other
     physical characteristics of credit cards.  Most of it is of interest
     only to mechanical engineers.  It defines the location and size of the
     magnetic stripe, signature panel, and embossing area.  This standard
     also includes the Luhn formula used to generate the check digit for the
     PAN, and gives the first cut at identifying card type from the account
     number.  (This part was expanded later in other standards.)  Also, this
     standard identifies the character sets that can be used for embossing a
     card.

     Three character sets are allowed - OCR-A as defined in ANSI X3.17,
     OCR-B as defined in ANSI X3.49, and Farrington 7B, which is defined in
     the appendix of ANSI X4.13 itself.  Almost all the cards I have use
     Farrington 7B, but Sears uses OCR-A.  (Sears also uses the optional,
     smaller card size as, allowed in the standard.)  These character sets
     are intended to be used with optical character readers (hence the OCR),
     and large issuers have some pretty impressive equipment to read those
     slips.


      ENCODING STANDARDS
      -------- ---------

     ANSI X4.16, "American National Standard for Financial Services - Finan-
     cial Transaction Cards - Magnetic Stripe Encoding" defines the
     physical, chemical, and magnetic characteristics of the magnetic stripe
     on the card.  The standard defines a minimum and maximum size for the
     stripe, and the location of the three defined encoding tracks.  (Some
     cards have a fourth, proprietary track.)  

     Track 1 is encoded at 210 bits per inch, and uses a 6-bit coding of a
     64-element character set of numerics, alphabet (one case only), and
     some special characters.  Track 1 can hold up to 79 characters, six of
     which are reserved control characters.  Included in these six charac-
     ters is a Longitudinal Redundancy Check (LRC) character, so that a card
     reader can detect most read failures.  Data encoded on track 1 include
     PAN, country code, full name, expiration date, and "discretionary
     data".  Discretionary data is anything the issuer wants it to be. 
     Track 1 was originally intended for use by airlines, but many Automatic
     Teller Machines (ATMs) are now using it to personalize prompts with
     your name and your language of choice.  Some credit authorization ap-
     plications are starting to use track 1 as well.

     Track 2 is encoded at 75 bits per inch, and uses a 4-bit coding of the
     ten digits.  Three of the remaining characters are reserved as
     delimiters, two are reserved for device control, and one is left unde-
     fined.  In practice, the device control characters are never used, ei-
     ther.  Track 2 can hold up to 40 characters, including an LRC.  Data
     encoded on track 2 include PAN, country code (optional), expiration
     date, and discretionary data.  In practice, the country code is hardly
     ever used by United States issuers.  Later revisions of this standard
     added a qualification code that defines the type of the card (debit,
     credit, etc.) and limitations on its use.  AMEX includes an issue date
     in the discretionary data.  Track 2 was originally intended for credit
     authorization applications.  Nowadays, most ATMs use track 2 as well.
     Thus, many ATM cards have a "PIN offset" encoded in the discretionary
     data.  The PIN offset is usually derived by running the PIN through an
     encryption algorithm (maybe DES, maybe proprietary) with a secret key.
     This allows ATMs to verify your PIN when the host is offline, generally
     allowing restricted account access.

     Track 3 uses the same density and coding scheme as track 1.  The con-
     tents of track 3 are defined in ANSI X9.1, "American National Standard
     - Magnetic Stripe Data Content for Track 3".  There is a slight contra-
     diction in this standard, in that it allows up to 107 characters to be
     encoded on track 3, while X4.16 only gives enough physical room for 105
     characters.  Actually, there is over a quarter of an inch on each end
     of the card unused, so there really is room for the data.  In practice,
     nobody ever uses that many characters, anyway. The original intent was
     for track 3 to be a read/write track (tracks 1 and 2 are intended to be
     read-only) for use by ATMs.  It contains information needed to maintain
     account balances on the card itself.  As far as I know, nobody is actu-
     ally using track 3 for this purpose anymore, because it is very easy to
     defraud.


      COMMUNICATION STANDARDS
      ------------- ---------

     Formats for interchange of messages between hosts (acquirer to issuer)
     is defined by ANSI X9.2, which I helped define.  Financial message au-
     thentication is described by ANSI X9.9.  PIN management and security is
     described by ANSI X9.8.  There is a committee working on formats of
     messages from accepter to acquirer.  ISO has re-convened the interna-
     tional committee on host message interchange (TC68/SC5/WG1), and ANSI
     may need to re-convene the X9.2 committee after the ISO committee fin-
     ishes.  These standards are still evolving, and are less specific than
     the older standards mentioned above.  This makes them somewhat less
     useful, but is a natural result of the dramatic progress in the indus-
     try.

     ISO maintains a registry of card numbers and the issuers to which they
     are assigned.  Given a card that follows standards (Not all of them
     do.) and the register, you can tell who issued the card based on the
     first six digits (in most cases).  This identifies not just VISA,
     MasterCard, etc., but also which member bank actually issued the card.


      DE FACTO INDUSTRY STANDARDS
      -- ----- -------- ---------

     Most ATMs use IBM synchronous protocols, and many networks are migrat-
     ing toward SNA.  There are exceptions, of course.  Message formats used
     for ATMs vary with the manufacturer, but a message set originally de-
     fined by Diebold is fairly widely accepted.

     Many large department stores and supermarkets (those that take cards)
     run their credit authorization through their cash register controllers,
     which communicate using synchronous IBM protocols.

     Standalone Point-of-Sale (POS) devices, such as you would find at most
     smaller stores (i.e. not at department stores), restaurants and hotels
     use a dial-up asynchronous protocol devised by VISA.  There are two
     generations of this protocol, with the second generation just beginning
     to get widespread acceptance.

     Many petroleum applications use multipoint private lines and a polled
     asynchronous protocol known as TINET.  This protocol was developed by
     Texas Instruments for a terminal of the same name, the Texas Instru-
     ments Network E(something) Terminal.  The private lines reduce response
     time, but cost a lot more money than dial-up.

     NACHA establishes standards for message interchange between ACHs, and
     between ACHs and banks, for clearing checks.  This is important to this
     discussion due to the emergence of third-party debit cards, as dis-
     cussed in part 1 of this series.  The issuers of third-party debit
     cards are connecting to ACHs, using the standard messages, and clearing
     POS purchases as though they were checks.  This puts the third parties
     at an advantage over the banks, because they can achieve the same re-
     sults as a bank debit card without the federal and state legal restric-
     tions imposed on banks.

     In the next installment, I'll describe how an authorization happens, as
     well as how the settlement process gets the bill to you and your money
     to the merchant.  After that I'll describe various methods of fraud,
     and how issuers, acquirers, and accepters protect themselves.  Stay
     tuned.

                     Joe Ziegler
                     att!lznv!ziegler
     Here's part 3 in my six-part series on the credit card industry. This
     part discusses how authorization and settlement work.  This is a long
     one.  It will help if you have read parts 1 and 2, since I had to leave
     out a lot of overlap to keep this from getting ridiculous.  Enjoy.


      THE ACCEPTER
      --- --------

     An important fact to note is that a card accepter does not have to get
     approval for any purchases using credit or charge cards.  Of course, a
     merchant is usually interested in actually getting money, and so must
     participate in some form of settlement process (see below).  Usually,
     the most acceptable (to a merchant) forms of settlement are tied (by
     the acquirer) to authorization processes.  However, a merchant could
     simply accept all cards without any validation, any eat any fraud that
     results.

     A merchant typically makes a business arrangement with a local bank or
     some other acquirer for authorization and settlement services.  The
     acquirer assigns a merchant identifier to that merchant, which will
     uniquely identify the location of the transaction.  (This facilitates
     compliance with federal regulations requiring that credit card bills
     identify where each purchase was made.)  The acquirer also establishes
     procedures for the merchant to follow.  The procedures will vary by
     type of the merchant business, geographic location, volume of transac-
     tions, and types of cards accepted.

     If the merchant follows the procedures given by the acquirer and a
     transaction is approved, the merchant is guaranteed payment whether the
     card in question is good or bad.  The purpose of authorization is to
     shift financial liability from the acceptor to the acquirer.

     There are two basic tools used - bulletins and online checks. Bulletins
     may be hardcopy, or may be downloaded into a local controller of some
     form.  Online checks could be done via a voice call, a standalone ter-
     minal, or software and/or hardware integrated into the cash register.

     A low-volume, high-ticket application (a jewelry store) would probably
     do all its authorizations with voice calls, or may have a stand-alone
     terminal.  A high-volume, low-ticket application (a fast-food chain)
     will probably do most of its authorizations locally against a bulletin
     downloaded into the cash register controller.  Applications in between
     typically merge the two - things below a certain amount (the "floor
     limit") are locally authorized after a lookup in the bulletin, while
     things over the floor limit are authorized online.

     Usually a lot of effort is taken to use the least expensive tools that
     are required by the expected risk of fraud.  Typically, communication
     costs for authorizations make up the biggest single item in the overall
     cost of providing credit cards.

     Large accepters are always a special case.  Airlines are usually di-
     rectly connected, host-to-host, to issuers and/or acquirers, and autho-
     rize everything online.  Likewise for many petroleum companies and
     large department stores.  Some large chains use different approaches at
     different locations, either as a result of franchising oddities or due
     to volume differences between locations.  A lot of experimentation is
     still going on as well - this is not a mature market.

     For voice authorizations, the merchant ID, PAN, expiration date, and
     purchase amount are required for an approval.  Some applications also
     require the name on the card, but this is not strictly necessary.  For
     data authorizations, the merchant ID, PAN, PIN (if collected), expira-
     tion date, and purchase amount are required.  Typically, the "discre-
     tionary data" from track 2 is sent as well, but this is not strictly
     necessary.  In applications that do not transmit the PIN with the au-
     thorization, it is the responsibility of the merchant to verify iden-
     tity.  Usually, this should be done by checking the signature on the
     card against the signature on the form.  Merchants don't often follow
     this procedure, and they take a risk in not doing so.

     In most applications, the amount of the purchase is known at the time
     of the authorization request.  For hotels, car rentals, and some petro-
     leum applications, an estimated amount is used for the authorization. 
     After the transaction is complete (e.g. after the gas is pumped or at
     check-out time), another transaction may be sent to advise of the ac-
     tual amount of the transaction.  More on this later.


      THE ACQUIRER
      --- --------

     The acquirer gathers authorization requests from accepters and returns
     approvals.  If the acquirer is an issuer as well, "on us" transactions
     will typically be turned around locally.  As before, the acquirer does
     not have to forward any requests on to the actual issuer.  However,
     acquirers are not willing to take the financial risks associated with
     generating local approvals.  Thus most transactions are sent on to the
     issuers (interchanged).  The purpose of interchange is to shift finan-
     cial liability from the acquirer to the issuer.  

     Typically, an acquirer connects to many issuers, and negotiates differ-
     ent business arrangements with each one of them.  But the acquirer gen-
     erally provides a uniform interface to the accepter.  Thus, the
     interchange rules are sometimes less stringent than those imposed on
     the accepter.  Also, most issuers will trust acquirers to with respon-
     sibilities they would never trust to accepters.  The acquirer can
     therefore perform some front-end screening on the transactions, and
     turn some of them around locally without going back to the issuer.

     The first screening by the acquirer would be a "sanity" test, for valid
     merchant ID, valid Luhn check on PAN, expiration date not past, amount
     field within reason for type of merchant, etc.  After that, a floor
     limit check will be done.  Issuers generally give acquirers higher
     floor limits than acquirers give accepters, and floor limits may vary
     by type of merchant.  Next, a "negative file" check would be done
     against a file of known bad cards.  (This is essentially the same as
     the bulletin.)  Then a "velocity file" check may be done.  A velocity
     file keeps track of card usage, and limits are often imposed on both
     number of uses and total amount charged within a given time period.
     Sometimes multiple time periods are used, and it can get fairly compli-
     cated.

     Transactions that pass all the checks, and are within the authority
     vested in the acquirer by the issuer, are approved by the acquirer.
     (Note that, under the business arrangement, financial liability still
     resides with the issuer.)  An "advice" transaction is sometimes sent to
     the issuer (perhaps at a later time), to tell the issuer that the
     transaction took place.

     Transactions that "fail" one or more checks are denied by the acquirer
     (if the cause was due to form, such as bad PAN) or sent to the issuer
     for further checking.  (Note that "failure" here can mean that it's be-
     yond the acquirer's authority, not necessarily that the card is bad.)
     Some systems nowadays will periodically take transactions that would
     otherwise be approved locally, and send them to the issuer anyway. This
     serves as a check on the screening software and as a countermeasure
     against fraudulent users who know the limits.

     Transactions that go to the issuer are routed according to the first
     six digits of the PAN, according to the ISO registry mentioned in an
     earlier section.  Actually, it's a bit more complicated than that,
     since there can be multiple layers of acquirers, and some issuers or
     acquirers will "stand in" for other issuers when there are hardware or
     communication failures, but the general principal is the same at each
     point.


      THE ISSUER
      --- ------

     An issuer receiving an interchanged transaction will often perform many
     of the same tests on it that the acquirer performs.  Some of the tests
     may be eliminated if the acquirer is trusted to do them correctly. This
     is the only point where a velocity file can actually detect all usage
     of a card.  This is also the only point where a "positive file" lookup
     against the actual account can be done, since only the issuer has the
     account relationship with the cardholder.  If a PIN is used in the
     transaction, only the issuer can provide true PIN verification -
     acquirers may be able to do only "PIN offset" checking, as described in
     a previous section.  This is one reason why PINs have not become
     popular on credit and charge cards.

     An account typically has a credit limit associated with it.  An ap-
     proved authorization request usually places a "hold" against the credit
     limit.  If the sum of outstanding holds plus the actual outstanding
     balance on the account, plus the amount of the current transaction, is
     greater than the credit limit, the transaction is (usually) denied. 
     Often in such a case the issuer will send back a "call me" response to
     the merchant.  The merchant will then call the issuer's number, and the
     operator may even want to talk to the cardholder.  The credit limit
     could be extended on the spot, or artificially high holds (from hotels
     or car rental companies) could be overlooked so that the transaction
     can be approved.

     The difference between the credit limit and the sum of holds and out-
     standing balance is often referred to as the "open to buy" amount. Once
     a hold is placed on an account, it is kept there until the actual the
     transaction in question is settled (see below), in which case the
     amount goes from a hold to a billed amount, with no impact on the open
     to buy amount, theoretically.  For authorizations of an estimated
     amount, the actual settled amount will be less than or equal to the ap-
     proved amount.  (If not, the settlement can be denied, and the merchant
     must initiate a new transaction to get the money.)  Theoretically, in
     such a case, the full hold is removed and the actual amount is added to
     the outstanding balance, resulting in a possible increase in the open
     to buy amount.

     In practice, older systems were not capable of matching settlements to
     authorizations, and holds were simply expired based on the time it
     would take most transactions to clear.  Newer systems are starting to
     get more sophisticated, and can do a reasonable job of matching autho-
     rizations for actual amounts with the settlements.  Some of them still
     don't match estimated amounts well, with varying effects.  In some
     cases, the difference between actual and estimated will remain as a
     hold for some period of time.  In other cases, both the authorization
     and the settlement will go against the account, reducing the open to
     buy by up to twice the actual amount, until the hold expires.  These
     problems are getting better as the software gets more sophisticated.

     Some issuers are also starting to use much more sophisticated usage
     checks as well.  They will not only detect number of uses and amount
     over time, but also types of merchandise bought, or other patterns to
     buying behavior.  Most of this stuff is new, and is used for fraud pre-
     vention.  I expect this to be the biggest effort in authorization soft-
     ware for the next few years.

     American Express does things completely differently.  There are no
     credit limits on AMEX cards.  Instead, AMEX relies entirely on usage
     patterns, payment history, and financial data about cardmembers to de-
     termine whether or not to automatically approve a transaction.  AMEX
     also has a policy that a cardmember will never be denied by a machine.
     Thus, if the computer determines that a transaction is too risky, the
     merchant will receive a "call me" message.  The operator will then get
     details of the transaction from the merchant, and may talk to the
     cardmember as well, if cardmember identity is in question or a large
     amount is requested.  To verify cardmember identity, the cardmember
     will be asked about personal information from the original application,
     or about recent usage history.  The questions are not the same each
     time.  If an unusually large amount is requested, the cardmember may be
     asked for additional financial data, particularly anything relating to
     a change in financial status (like a new job or a promotion).  People
     who are paranoid about Big Brother and computer databases should not
     use AMEX cards.


      SETTLEMENT
      ----------

     So far, no money has changed hands, only financial liability.  The pur-
     pose of settlement is to shift the financial liability back to the
     cardholder, and to shift the cardholder's money to the merchant.
     Theoretically, all authorization information can be simply discarded
     once an approval is received by a merchant.  Of course, contested
     charges, chargebacks, merchant credits, and proper processing of holds
     require that the information stay around.  Still, it is important to
     realize that an authorization transaction has no direct financial con-
     sequences.  It only establishes who is responsible for the financial
     consequences to follow.

     Traditionally, a merchant would take the charge slips to the bank that
     was that merchant's acquirer, and "deposit" them into the merchant ac-
     count.  The acquirer would take the slips, sort them by issuer, and
     send them to the issuing banks, receiving credits by wire once they ar-
     rived and were processed.  The issuer would receive the slips, micro-
     film them (to save the transaction information, as required by federal
     and state laws) charge them against the cardholder's accounts, send
     credits by wire to the acquirer, and send out the bill to the
     cardholder.  Problem is, this took time.  Merchants generally had to
     wait a couple of weeks for the money to be available in their accounts,
     and issuers often suffered from float on the billables of about 45
     days.

     Therefore, nowadays many issuers and acquirers are moving to on-line
     settlement of transactions.  This is often called "draft capture" in
     the industry.  There are two ways this is done - one based on the host
     and one based on the terminal at the merchant's premises.  In the
     host-based case, the terminal generally only keeps counts and totals,
     while the acquirer host keeps all the transaction details. Peri-
     odically, the acquirer host and the terminal communicate, and verify
     that they both agree on the data.  In the terminal-based case, the ter-
     minal remembers all the important transaction information, and peri-
     odically calls the acquirer host and replays it all for several
     transactions.  In either case, once the settlement is complete the mer-
     chant account is credited.  The acquirer then sends the settlement in-
     formation electronically to the issuers, and is credited by wire
     immediately (or nearly so).  The issuer can bill directly to the
     cardholder account, and float can be reduced to an average of 15 days.

     The problem is, what to do with the paper?  Current regulations in many
     states require that it be saved, but there is no need for it to be sent
     to the issuer.  Also, for contested charges, a paper trail is much more
     likely to stand up in court, and much better to use for fraud investi-
     gations.  Currently, the paper usually ends up back at the issuer, as
     before, but it doesn't need to be processed, just microfilmed and
     stored.

     Much of the market still uses paper settlement methods.  Online settle-
     ment will replace virtually all of this within the next 5 to 10 years,
     because of its many benefits.

     This was pretty long, but there is a lot of information, and I skimmed
     over a lot of details.  Future installments should be shorter.  Coming
     up next is a discussion of fraud and security, and then a special dis-
     cussion of debit cards.  Hang on, we're halfway through this!


                     Joe Ziegler
                     att!lznv!ziegler
     This is part four of a planned six-part series on the credit card in-
     dustry.  It will be helpful if you have read parts one through three,
     as I use a lot of terminology here that was introduced earlier.  Enjoy.

     WARNING

     This installment describes various methods of perpetrating fraud
     against credit and charge card issuers, acquirers, and cardholders. Le-
     gal penalties for using these methods to commit fraud are severe. The
     reason for sharing this information is so that consumers will be aware
     of the importance of security and be aware of the procedures used by
     financial institutions to protect against fraud.  Neither I nor my em-
     ployer advocate use of the fraudulent methods described herein.

     All the information here is publicly available from other sources. Un-
     necessary detail is purposely not included, particularly as it applies
     to detection and prevention of fraud.


      CARDHOLDER FRAUD
      ---------- -----

     The most common type of fraud against credit cards is cardholders fal-
     sifying applications to get higher credit limits than they can afford
     to pay, or to get multiple cards that they cannot afford to pay off. 
     Sometimes this is done with intent to defraud, but most often it is
     done out of desperation or sheer financial ineptitude.  Those who in-
     tend to defraud generally use the multiple-card approach.  They give
     false names and financial data on several (sometimes as many as hun-
     dreds) of applications.  Often, the address of a vacant house that the
     crook has access to is given, making it difficult to track the crook's
     real identity.  Once cards start showing up, the crook uses them for
     cash advances or charges merchandise that is easy to sell, like con-
     sumer electronics.  The crook will run all the cards up to the limit
     immediately, and will generally move on by the time the bills start ar-
     riving.  This type of fraud is not applicable to debit cards, since
     they require an available account balance equal to or greater than any
     purchases or withdrawals.

     Protecting against this type of fraud, either intentional or otherwise,
     is exactly the purpose of credit bureaus such as TRW.  Issuers have be-
     come more aware of the need for careful screening of applications, and
     are using better techniques for detecting similar applications sent to
     multiple issuers.  More sophisticated velocity file screening can also
     be used to detect possibly fraudulent usage patterns.  Since this is a
     method of fraud that can be used to gain really large amounts of 
     money, it is a high priority with issuers' security departments.

     A variant of this scheme is much like check kiting.  Can you use your
     VISA to pay your MasterCard?  Well, you might be able to manage it, but
     if you're doing it with intent to defraud, you can be prosecuted. Kit-
     ing schemes typically don't last long, have a low payoff, and are very
     easy to detect.

     Another type of cardholder fraud is simply contesting legitimate
     charges.  Most often, retrieving the documents gives pretty convincing
     proof.  Frequently, a family member will be found to have used the card
     without the cardholder's permission.  Such cases are usually pretty
     easy to resolve.  In the case of an ATM card, cameras are often placed
     at ATMs (sometimes hidden) to record users of the machine.  The camera
     is usually tied to the ATM, so that a single retrieval stamp can be
     placed on the film and the ATM log.  If a withdrawal is contested, the
     bank can then retrieve the picture of the person standing at the ma-
     chine, and conclusively tie that picture to the transaction.

     A type of cardholder fraud that is endemic only to ATMs is making false
     deposits.  You could, theoretically, tell the ATM that you are deposit-
     ing a large amount of money, and put in an empty envelope.  Most banks
     will not let you withdraw amounts deposited into an ATM until the de-
     posit has been verified, but some will allow part of the deposit to be
     withdrawn.  Typically, you can't get away with much.  If you have any
     money actually in your account, the bank has easy, legal recourse to
     seize those funds.  Most banks have no sense of humor about such
     things, and will remove ATM card privileges after the first offense.


      THIRD-PARTY FRAUD
      ----------- -----

     The simplest way for a third party to commit fraud is for them to get
     their hands on a legitimate card.  There is a large black market for
     credit cards obtained from hold-ups, break-ins and muggings.  Perhaps
     one of the cruelest methods of getting a card is a "Good Samaritan"
     scam.  In such a scam, credit cards are stolen by pick-pockets,
     purse-snatchers, etc.  That same day, someone looks up your number in
     the phone book and calls you up.  "I just found your wallet.  All the
     money is gone, but the credit cards and your driver's license are still
     here.  It just happens that I'll be in your neighborhood next Wednesday
     and I'll drop it off then."  Since the cards are found, you don't re-
     port them stolen, and the crooks get until next Wednesday before you're
     even suspicious.  If such a thing happens to you, ask if you can come
     and pick the cards up immediately.  A true good samaritan won't mind,
     but a crook will stall you.  If you can't get your hands on the cards
     immediately, report them as stolen.  Most issuers will be able to get
     you a new card by next Wednesday, anyway.

     Often stolen cards will be used for a time exactly as is.  The best
     tool for preventing this is verification of the signature, but this is
     ineffective because most merchants don't consistently check signatures
     and some people don't even sign their cards.  (I guess these people
     figure that all purse snatchers are accomplished forgers as well.) 
     Many cards will eventually be modified as the various security schemes
     start catching up.

     It is a very easy matter, for example, to re-encode a different number
     on the magnetic stripe.  Since the card still looks fine, a merchant
     will accept it and run it through the POS terminal, completely ignorant
     of the fact that the number read off the back is not the same as that
     on the front.  Although the number on the front would fail a negative
     file check, the number on the back is one that hasn't been reported
     yet.  A card can be re-encoded almost any number of times, as long as
     you can keep coming up with new valid PANs.  To protect against this,
     some merchants purposely avoid using the magnetic stripe.  Others have
     terminals that display the number read from the stripe, so the cashier
     can compare it to the number on the card.  Some issuers are experiment-
     ing with special encoding schemes, to make re-encoding difficult, but
     most of these schemes would require replacing the entire embedded base
     of POS terminals.  An interesting approach I've seen (it's probably
     patented) uses a laser to burn off the parts of the magnetic stripe
     where zeroes are encoded, leaving only the ones.  This severely limits
     the changes you can make to the card number.  Some issuers use the
     "discretionary data" field to encode data unique to the card, that a
     crook would not be able to guess, to combat this type of fraud.

     Since an ATM doesn't have a human looking at the card, it is especially
     susceptible to re-encoding fraud.  A crook could get a number from a
     discarded receipt and encode it on a white card blank, which is easy to
     obtain legally.  Many people use PINs that are easy to guess, and the
     crook has an easy job of it.  Most ATMs will not give you your card
     back if you don't enter a correct PIN, and will only give you a few
     tries to get it right, to prevent this type of fraud. Velocity file
     checks are also important in detecting this.  You should always take
     your ATM receipts with you, pick a non-obvious PIN, and make sure that
     nobody sees you enter it.  

     One place that a crook can get valid PANs to encode on credit cards is
     from dumpsters outside of stores and restaurants.  The credit slip
     typically is a multipart form, with one copy for you, one for the mer-
     chant, and one for the issuer (ultimately).  If carbon paper is used,
     and the carbons are discarded intact, it's pretty easy to read the num-
     bers off of them.  Carbonless paper and forms that either rip the car-
     bons in half or attach them to the cardholder copy automatically are
     used to prevent this.

     There are a lot of scams for getting people to tell their credit card
     numbers over the phone.  Never give your card number to anyone unless
     you are buying something from them, and make sure that it is a le-
     gitimate business you are buying from.  "Incredible deal!!  Diamond
     jewelry at half price!!  Call now with your VISA number, and we'll rush
     you your necklace!!"  When you don't get the necklace for four weeks,
     you might start to wonder.  When you get your credit card bill, you'll
     stop wondering.  

     There are other, more sophisticated ways to modify a credit card.  If
     you're skillful, you can change the embossing on the card and even the
     signature on the back.  For most purposes, these techniques are more
     trouble than they're worth, since it's not difficult to come up with a
     new stolen card, or fake ID to match the existing card.


      MERCHANT FRAUD
      -------- -----

     There are many urban rumors of merchants imprinting a card multiple
     times while the cardholder isn't looking, and then running through a
     bunch of charges after the cardholder leaves.  I don't know of any case
     where this is an official policy of a merchant, but this is certainly
     one technique a dishonest cashier could use.  The cashier can then take
     home a bunch of merchandise charged to your account.  Although some
     people are afraid of this happening in a restaurant, where a waiter
     takes your card away for a while, it's actually less likely there,
     since there isn't anything the waiter can charge against your card and
     take home.

     A merchant could also make copies of charge slips, to sell the PANs to
     other crooks.  (See above for use of PANs.)  Most credit card investi-
     gation departments are sensitive to this possibility, and catch on real
     fast if it's happening just by looking at usage history of cards with
     fraudulent charges.

     A merchant is also in a position to create many false charges against
     bogus numbers, to attempt to defraud the acquirer or issuer.  These
     schemes are usually not too effective, since acquirers generally re-
     spond very quickly to an unusual number of fraudulent transactions by
     tightening restrictions on the merchant.


      ACQUIRER AND ISSUER FRAUD
      -------- --- ------ -----

     The place to make really big bucks in fraud is at the acquirer or is-
     suer, since this is where you can get access to large amounts of money. 
     Fortunately, it's also fairly easy to control things here with audit
     procedures and dual control.  People working in the back offices, pro-
     cessing credit slips, bills, etc. have a big opportunity to "lose"
     things, introduce false things, artificially delay things, and tempo-
     rarily divert things.  Most of the control is standard banking stuff,
     and has been proven effective for decades, so this isn't a big problem. 
     A bigger potential problem to the consumer is the possibility of an em-
     ployee at the issuer or acquirer selling PANs to crooks.  This would be
     very hard to track down, and could compromise a large part of the card
     base.  I know of no cases where this has happened.

     Programmers, in particular, are very dangerous because they know where
     the data is, how to get it, and what to do with it.  In most shops, de-
     velopment is done on completely separate facilities from the production
     system.  Certification and installation are done by non-developers, and
     developers are not allowed any access to the production facilities. 
     Operations and maintenance staff are monitored very carefully as well,
     since they typically have access to the entire system as part of their
     jobs.

     Another type of fraud that is possible here is diversion of materials,
     such as printed, but not embossed or encoded, card blanks.  Such mate-
     rials are typically controlled using processes similar to those used at
     U.S. mints.  Since most of the cards issued in the United States are
     actually manufactured by only a handful of companies, it's not too hard
     to keep things under control.

     There are many types of fraud that can be perpetrated by tapping data
     communication lines, and using protocol analyzers or computers to in-
     tercept or introduce data.  These types of fraud are not widespread,
     mainly because of the need for physical access and because sophisti-
     cated computer techniques are required.  There are message authentica-
     tion, encryption, and key management techniques that are available to
     combat this type of fraud, but currently these techniques are far more
     costly than the minimal fraud they could prevent.  About the only such
     security technique that is in widespread use is encryption of PINs.

     The next episode will be devoted to debit cards, and the final episode
     will talk about the networks that make all this magic happen.


                     Joe Ziegler
                     att!lznv!ziegler
     Part 5 - Debit Cards

      EVOLUTION OF DEBIT CARDS
      --------- -- ----- -----

     The debit card originated as a method for bank customers to have access
     to their funds through Automatic Teller Machines (ATMs).  This was seen
     as a way for banks to automate their branches and save money, as well
     as a benefit for customers.  A secondary intent was for the card to be
     used as a method of identification when dealing with a human teller. 
     Although that idea never really caught on, it has seen renewed interest
     from time to time.  

     One problem with using cards to access bank accounts is that federal
     regulations required a signature be used for each withdrawal transac-
     tion.  After much debate, the concept of a Personal Identification Num-
     ber (PIN) was invented, and federal regulations were modified to allow
     PINs for use in place of signatures with bank withdrawals.  ATMs also
     faced many other regulatory difficulties.  In many states, for example,
     there are limitations on the number of branches a bank can have.  In a
     conflict that only a lawyer could conceive of, a ruling was required
     about whether an ATM constitutes a bank branch or not.  Since such rul-
     ings were made on a state by state basis, it varies across the country. 
     This results in some very odd arrangements in some states, because of
     requirements placed on bank branches.  

     In early attempts, the card actually carried account information and
     balances.  The cardholder would bring the card into a branch, and bank
     personnel would "load" money onto the card, based on the customer's ac-
     tual account balance.  The cardholder could then use the card at a
     stand-alone machine that would update the information on the card as
     money was withdrawn.  The information was stored on track 3 of the mag-
     netic stripe, as mentioned in an earlier installment.  This approach
     had many problems.  It was far too susceptible to fraud, it could not
     reasonably handle multiple accounts, and it could not be used as a ve-
     hicle for other services.  Since it was pretty much limited to with-
     drawals, it didn't even automate much of the bank branch functions.  

     The online ATM offered a solution to the problems of the early ATM
     cards.  Since the ATM was connected to the bank's host, it was no
     longer necessary to maintain account balances on the card itself, which
     removed a major source of fraud.  Also, access to multiple accounts be-
     came possible, as did additional services, such as bill payment.

     Once banks started buying and installing ATMs, they quickly realized
     that it is very expensive to maintain a large number of machines.  Yet
     customers began demanding more machines, so they could have easier ac-
     cess to their funds.  Since many banks in an area would have ATMs, the
     obvious solution was to somehow cross-connect bank hosts so that cus-
     tomers could use ATMs at other banks, for convenience.  The lawyers
     struck again.  Does a shared ATM count as a branch for both banks? Does
     a transaction at a shared ATM mean that one bank is doing financial
     transactions for another, which is not allowed? If two banks share
     ATMs, but refuse to allow a third bank, is that monopolizing or re-
     straint of trade? Strange restrictions on shared ATM transactions re-
     sulted.

     Soon interchange standards began to evolve, and ATM networks became a
     competitive tool.  Regional and national networks started to emerge. 
     And the lawyers struck again.  If a network allows transactions in one
     state for a bank in another state, isn't that interstate banking, which
     was at the time forbidden?  Should an ATM network that dominates a re-
     gion become a regulated monopoly? Should an ATM network that gets re-
     ally big be considered a public utility?

     Today, the regional and national networks continue to grow and offer
     more services and more interconnections.  All of the regulatory issues
     have not been resolved, and this is creating a lot of tension for eas-
     ing banking restrictions.

     An ATM card is just an ATM card, regardless of how many ATMs it works
     in.  Most banks long ago saw an opportunity for the ATM card to be used
     as a debit card, presumably to replace checks.  A tremendous number of
     checks are used each year, and it costs banks a lot of money to process
     them.  Debit card transactions could cost less to process, given an ap-
     propriate infrastructure.  Some of the costs could potentially be
     passed on to the merchants or the consumers, who are notoriously reluc-
     tant to directly pay the cost of checks.  So far there have been many
     trials of using ATM cards as debit cards at the point of sale, but they
     have, in general, met with consumer apathy.  In some areas, where banks
     have aggressively promoted debit, things have gone better.  Still, gen-
     eral acceptance of debit seems a ways off.

     One interesting twist to the debit card story, as mentioned earlier, is
     the emergence of third party debit cards.  Issuers of these cards have
     no real account relationship with the cardholders.  Instead, they ob-
     tain permission from the cardholders to debit their checking accounts
     directly through the Automated Clearing Houses (ACHs), the same way
     checks are cleared.  (Think of it as direct deposit, in reverse.) Oil
     companies first started experimenting with this a couple of years ago,
     and it has met with surprising success.  Banks dislike this concept,
     because it competes directly with their debit cards, but isn't subject
     to the same state and federal regulations.  ACHs like this, because it
     bolsters their business, which otherwise stands to lose a lot by
     acceptance of debit cards.  Merchants generally like this, especially
     the large retailers, because it allows them to get their payment sys-
     tems out from under the control of the banks.


      THE ATM 
      --- ---

     An ATM is an interesting combination of computer, communication, bank-
     ing, and security technology all in one box.  A typical machine has a
     microprocessor, usually along the lines of an 8086, a communications
     module (which may have it's own microprocessor), a security module
     (also with a microprocessor), and special-purpose controllers for the
     hardware.  The user interface is typically a CRT, a telephone-style
     keypad, and some soft function keys.  Typically there is a lot of
     memory, but no disk.  The screens and program are usually downloaded
     from the host at initialization, and are stored in battery-backed RAM
     indefinitely.  The machine typically interacts with the host for every
     transaction, but it can operate offline if necessary, as dictated by
     the downloaded program.  The downloaded program is often in an
     industry-standard "states and screens" format that was created by
     Diebold, a manufacturer of various banking equipment, including ATMs.

     Most machines can use a few IBM protocols (bisync, SNA, and an outmoded
     but still used "loop" protocol), Burroughs poll/select, and perhaps
     some others, depending on which communications module is in place. 
     This allows the manufacturer to make a standard machine, and plug in
     different communications hardware to suit the customer.  The IBM bisync
     and SNA protocols are most common, with most networks moving toward
     SNA.

     The security modules do all encryption for the ATM.  They are separate
     devices that are physically sealed and cannot be opened or tapped with-
     out destroying the data within them.  In a truly secure application, no
     sensitive data entering or leaving the security module is in cleartext. 
     Arranging this and maintaining it is more complicated than I can go
     into here.

     Most ATMs contain two bill dispensers, a "divert" bin for bills, a
     "capture" bin for cards, a card reader, receipt printer, journal
     printer, and envelope receptacle.  Some ATMs have more than two bill
     dispensers, and can even dispense coins.

     When an ATM is dispensing money, it counts the appropriate bills out of
     the bill dispensers, and uses a couple of mechanical and optical checks
     to make sure it counted correctly.  If the checks fail, it shunts the
     bills into the divert bin and tries again.  Typically, this is because
     two bills were stuck together.  I've seen ATMs have sensor faults, and
     divert the total contents of both bill dispensers the first time a user
     asks for a withdrawal.  "Gee, all I did was ask for $50, and this ma-
     chine made all kinds of funny whirring noises and shut down." Most
     banks will put twenty-dollar bills in one of the dispensers and five
     dollar bills in the other.  Some use tens and fives, or tens and twen-
     ties.  Depending on the denominations of the bills, the size of the
     dispensers, and the policy of the bank, an ATM can hold tens of thou-
     sands of dollars.

     The journal printer keeps a running log of every use of the machine,
     and exactly what the machine is doing, for audit purposes.  you can of-
     ten hear it printing as soon as you put your card in or after your
     transaction is complete.

     When you put an envelope into an ATM, the transaction information is
     usually printed directly on the envelope, so that verifying the deposit
     is easier.  Bank policies typically require that any deposit envelope
     be opened and verified by two people.  In this, you're actually safer
     depositing cash at an ATM than giving it to a human teller.

     A card will be diverted to the capture bin if it is on the "hot card"
     list, if the user doesn't enter a correct PIN, or if the user walks
     away and forgets to take the card.

     On some machines, the divert bin, capture bin, envelope receptacle, and
     bill dispenser bins are all separately locked containers, so that re-
     stocking can be done by courier services who simply swap bins and re-
     turn the whole thing to a central site.

     The entire ATM is typically housed in a hardened steel case with alarm
     circuitry built in.  These suckers have been known to survive dynamite
     explosions.  The housing typically has a combination lock on the door,
     and no single person knows the entire combination.  The machine can
     thus be opened for restocking, maintenance, or repair, only if at least
     two people are present.

      DEBIT CARD PROCESSING
      ----- ---- ----------

     Debit card processing is fairly similar to credit and charge card pro-
     cessing, with a few exceptions.  First, in the case of ATMs, the ac-
     cepter and acquirer are usually the same.  For debit card use at the
     point of sale, the usual acquirer-accepter relationship holds.  In gen-
     eral, acquirers may do front-end screening on debit cards, but all ap-
     provals are generated by the issuer - the floor limit is zero.  This
     makes it possible to eliminate a separate settlement process for debit
     card transactions, but places additional security and reliability con-
     straints on the "authorization".  Often a separate settlement is done
     anyway.

     One problem that has caused difficulties for POS use of debit cards is
     the use of PINs.  Many merchants and cardholders would rather use sig-
     nature for identity verification.  But most debit systems grew out of
     ATM systems, and require PINs.  This is an ironic reversal of the early
     ATM card days, when people were trying to avoid requiring signature. 
     Other than the PIN, the information required for a debit transaction is
     the same as that required for a credit transaction.

     One last installment on the networks that tie this all together, and
     the Credit Card 101 course will be complete.  There will be no final
     exam - you will be graded entirely on classroom participation.  Most of
     you are failing miserably...


             Joe Ziegler
             att!lznv!ziegler
     Part 6 - Networks


      ACCESS NETWORKS
      ------ --------

     For most credit card applications, the cost of the access network is
     the single biggest factor in overall costs, often accounting for over
     half of the total.  For that reason, there are many different solu-
     tions, depending on the provider, the application, and geographical
     constraints.

     The simplest form of access network uses 800 service, in one of its
     many forms.  Terminals at merchant locations across the country dial an
     800 number that is terminated on a large hunt group of modems, con-
     nected directly to the acquirer's front-end processor (FEP).  The FEP
     is typically a fault-tolerant machine, since an outage here will take
     out the entire service.  A large acquirer will typically have two or
     more centers for terminating the 800 service.  This allows better
     economy, due to the nature of 800 service tariffs, and allows for di-
     saster recovery in case of a failure of one data center.  An advantage
     of 800 service is that it is quite easy to cover the entire country
     with it.  It also provides the most effective utilization of your FEP
     resources.  (A little queuing theory will show you why.) However, 800
     service is quite expensive.  It always requires 10 (or 11) digits di-
     aled, and in areas with pulse dialing it can take almost three seconds
     just to dial 1-800.  The delay between dialing and connection is longer
     for 800 calls than many other calls, because of the way the calls get
     routed.  All of this adds to the perceived response time at the mer-
     chant location, even though the acquirer has no control over it.

     Large acquirers prefer to offer some form of local access service.  In
     this service, terminals at the merchants dial a local telephone number
     to gain access to the acquirer.   Typically, the local number actually
     connects to a packet network, which then connects to the acquirer.  If
     the packet network is a public network, the terminal must go through a
     login sequence to get connected across the packet network.  Typically,
     local calls are much less expensive than 800 service calls, and local
     calls typically connect faster than 800 calls.  The cost of those calls
     are absorbed by the merchants directly.  In those few remaining areas
     where local calls are still free from a business line, this works out
     well for the merchant.  Otherwise, the merchant can end up spending a
     lot of money on phone calls.   Usually, the acquirer has to offer lower
     prices to accepters who use local calls, to help offset this.  Even so,
     these networks are generally much less expensive for the acquirers. 
     Such networks are difficult to maintain, due to the distributed nature
     of the access network.  Since most packet networks are much more likely
     to experience failures than the phone network is, the merchant's POS
     terminal is usually programmed to dial an 800 number for fallback if
     the local number doesn't work.  Also, it is generally not cost-effec-
     tive to cover every free calling area in the entire country with access
     equipment, so some 800 service is required anyway.  There is also an
     administrative headache associated with keeping track of the different
     phone numbers that each merchant across the country needs to dial. 
     When you have tens of thousands of terminals to support, this can be
     formidable.

     Acquirers are beginning to experiment with Feature Group B (FGB) ac-
     cess.  FGB access was the method of access used to get to alternative
     long-distance carriers before "equal access" was available.  The
     tariffs are still on the books, and they are favorable for this appli-
     cation.  FGB access provides a single number, nationwide, for all mer-
     chants to dial in order to gain access to the acquirer.  The call has
     simpler (hence, presumably, faster) routing than 800 service, and the
     call is charged to the acquirer, not the accepter.  FGB access does
     have to terminate on equipment that is physically located in the Local
     Access Toll Area (LATA) where the call originated, so there is the
     problem of having distributed equipment, as above.  This also implies
     that it is not cost-effective to deploy FGB access everywhere, as well. 
     There are also some technical oddities of FGB, due to its original in-
     tent, that have made it difficult to implement so far.  

     The other big switched access capability that is likely to have an im-
     pact in the future is ISDN.  So far, this has been inhibited by limited
     availability and lack of adequate equipment on the merchant end, but it
     could be very beneficial when these problems are solved.

     Private-line networks are pretty straightforward applications of
     point-to-point and multipoint private lines.  Since private lines are
     quite expensive, engineering of the networks is challenging.   Usually,
     sophisticated software is used to determine the optimum placement of
     concentrators in order to minimize costs.  Since tariffs, real estate
     prices, and business needs change frequently, maintaining a stable,
     cost-effective network is hard work.  A typical asynchronous private
     line network will have multiplexers at remote sites, with backbone
     links to companion multiplexers at a central site.  Synchronous private
     line networks may use multiplexers, or remote controllers, or remote
     FEPs, depending on the application and the availability of real estate.

      INTERCHANGE NETWORKS
      ----------- --------

     Interchange networks physically consist mostly of point-to-point pri-
     vate lines.  In many of the large interchange networks, there is a cen-
     tral "switch" that takes transactions from acquirers (thereby acting as
     an issuer), and routes them to issuers (thereby acting as an acquirer). 
     Often the switch provider will actually be an acquirer or issuer as
     well, but this is not always the case.  Usually, the provider of the
     switch defines standard message formats, protocols, and interchange
     rules.  These formats and protocols usually comply with national and
     international standards, but sometimes do not.  Often the switch will
     provide translation between different message formats and protocols.  

     The switch provider is generally very concerned that settlement com-
     plete successfully.  Failure to settle with one or more large issuers
     can leave the switch provider with an overnight deficit of a couple
     million dollars.  Even though this is a temporary situation, it has
     significant financial impact.

     In some current networks, authorization and settlement take place on
     completely separate facilities, with separate hosts in some cases. 
     This is mainly due to the history of the industry in this country.  Re-
     call that authorizations were originally done by voice calls, and
     settlement was done by moving paper around.  These two processes were
     automated at different times, by separate means.   Thus VISA has a BASE
     1 network for authorization, and a BASE 2 network for settlement. 
     Likewise, MasterCard has INET and INES, one for authorization and one
     for settlement.  These functions are becoming less and less separated
     as communication and computer facilities evolve, and will probably be
     completely integrated over the next five to ten years.

     Interchange networks are probably the most volatile part of the ATM
     market right now.  There is currently a shakeout going on in much of
     the market, with larger, more aggressive regionals buying out
     standalone networks and smaller regionals.  This causes local banks to
     change local and national network affiliation from time to time.  So a
     card may work in a given ATM one day, but fail in that machine the
     next, which confuses many consumers.  Most large regional and national
     networks have operating regulations requiring labeling of ATMs and
     cards, so that if you see the same logo on your card and the ATM, you
     can be pretty sure it will work.

     Some regionals are interconnected, and others are not.  The two biggest
     nationals, Cirrus and Plus, have operating regulations that effectively
     prohibit a member of one network from connecting to the other.  But a
     regional on Cirrus could be connected to a regional on Plus.  In that
     case, whether a machine will take your ATM card depends on the routing
     algorithm used.  In most cases, the acquirer will have a table of issu-
     ers that are directly connected, and will send anything else to the re-
     gional switch.   The regional switch will have a table of each issuer
     it is directly connected to, and tables of which cards are acceptable
     to other regionals it interchanges with.  Anything else goes to the na-
     tional switch.  The same process happens in reverse from there.  Often
     the order of search in the routing tables is determined by fee scales,
     not geography, so transactions can be routed in completely non-obvious
     ways.

     So the easiest way to tell if your card will work in a given ATM is to
     stick the card in and try.  I don't know of any machine that will eat a
     card just because it can't route the transaction - it will generally
     give some non-specific message about being unable to complete the
     transaction and spit the card back out.   Of course, if the transaction
     is completed from a machine that you're not sure of, you also aren't
     sure what the fee is going to be if your bank passes those fees on to
     you.  Sometimes the fee will be printed on the receipt, but usually it
     isn't.  If you do the transaction in a foreign country, you may not
     know the exchange rate used.  (I once couldn't balance my checkbook for
     a month until I got a statement with the transaction I did at Banc du
     Canada in Montreal.) But if you need the money and are willing to pay
     the fee, you have little to lose by trying out just about any ATM.

     This completes the course in Credit Card 101.  Hope you all found it
     enjoyable and informative.


             Joe Ziegler
             att!lznv!ziegler


X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 The Salted Slug                          Strange              408-454-9368
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   415-567-7043
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102
 Tomorrow's 0rder of Magnitude            Finger_Man           415-961-9315
 My Dog Bit Jesus                         Suzanne D'Fault      510-658-8078
 New Dork Sublime                         Demented Pimiento    415-566-0126

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
        arcane knowledge, political extremism, diverse sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
