

                               DosBank Credit Card 

                               Validation Program

                              Copyright 1994,1995 by

                           Joe Maguire and JFGrafix, Inc.


          List of files DISTRIBUTED with DosBank:
            
            1.  LOAD.EXE
            2.  CCARD.EXE
            3.  DOSBANK.DOC
            4.  DOSBANK.REG
            5.  CCARD.001

          Users of DosBank must accept this disclaimer of warranty
          "DosBank" is supplied as is.  The author disclaims all
          warranties, expressed or implied, including, without
          limitation, the warranties of merchantability and of
          fitness for any purpose.  The author assumes no 
          liability for damages, direct or consequential, which
          may result from the use of DosBank."

          DosBank is a "shareware program" and is provided at no
          charge to the user for evaluation.  Feel free to share
          it with your friends, but please do not give it away
          altered or as part of another system.  The essence of
          "user-supported" software is to provide personal 
          computer users with quality software without high 
          prices, and yet to provide incentive for programmers
          to continue to develop new products.  If you find this
          program useful and find that you are using DosBank and
          continue to use DosBank after a reasonable trial 
          period, you must make a registration payment of $17.95
          to Joe Maguire.  The $17.95 registration fee will
          license one copy for use on any one computer at any one
          time. You must treat this software just like a book.
          An example is that this software may be used by any
          number of people and may be freely moved from one 
          computer location to another, so long as there is no
          possibility of it being used at one location while it's
          being used at another.  Just as a book cannot be read
          by two different persons at the same time.

          Commercial users of DosBank must register and pay for 
          their copies of DosBank within 30 days of first use
          or their license is withdrawn.  Site-License 
          arrangements may be made by contacting Joe Maguire
          at the address below.

          Anyone distributing DosBank for any kind of 
          remuneration must first contact Joe Maguire at the 
          address below for authorization. 

          You are encouraged to pass a copy of DosBank along to 
          your friends for evaluation.  Please encourage them
          to register their copy if they find that they can use
          it.  

          What Is DosBank?

          DosBank is a Credit Card validation program developed 
          for individuals and companies that take credit card 
          orders over the telephone without any immediate means
          of verification.
            
          The program has saved our company thousands of dollars,
          and will do the same for yours.  This version of the
          program is laid out in a data entry format, but can 
          be adapted to any enviroment you run under.  For you
          programmers out there you can pass a parameter to 
          Dosbank and have it return a code, you can then in turn
          read that code back into your own program.  Details of
          this feature are described below.
        
          The program has a number of options from displaying a 
          message telling you if the card is good or not, as well
          as telling you what type of card it is, MasterCard, 
          Visa, American Express or Discover.

          Installation:

          "CCARD.EXE" (the main program), "LOAD.EXE" (Beginning 
          screen) and all other "DosBank" files can be put into
          the directory of your choice.  If you wish to run the
          program from anywhere in your system, you need to put
          that directory into your path.  For best results always
          run "LOAD" from the same directory ALL of the other
          files are in.  "LOAD" is NOT required for the program 
          to run properly, it only shows a PCX file and is a 
          prelude to "CCARD".
          
          Once you have completed the above DosBank is ready to go

          To start Dosbank you can run the "LOAD.EXE" startup 
          screen which will lead you into Dosbank, or you can run
          "CCARD.EXE" for an immediate entry into the program. 

          Instructions:

          1.  Entering a Number:  There are 2 ways to enter a 
              number into DosBank.  first you can just type it in
              normally and hit the <Enter> key and it will 
              validate that number.  Secondly, you can use your
              mouse and select the numbers individually by using
              the "Number Pad" provided with the program, and
              select the "Green" <Enter> under option one.

          2.  Verification:  Once you select <Enter> the program 
              will display the results of the verification.

              It will display a CYAN sreen with a message saying:
                 
                           Valid <Card Type> Number
              
              Card Type will either be Visa, Mastercard, American
              Express or Discover.  If the Card number did not 
              pass the validation process then you will get a 
              message saying:
                 
                         Invalid <Card Type> Number
              
              and the screen will turn red.

          3.  Command Line option:  You can pass a parameter to 
              Dosbank via the command line. Example:

                                "CCARD 6666666666666"

               "CCARD" being the program name, and 
               "6666666666666" being the Credit Card number.
               
               The Command Line option will return 1 of 5 
               different options, with 2 of those options the 
               Credit Card company will be displayed, those two
               options are Passed and Failed. The following are
               the result codes:

                        "1" -  Program Error:Can mean it was 
                               Program, User or Number produced

                        "2" -  Followed by Credit Card Type.  
                               This means the number passed 
                               validation process.

                        "3" -  Followed by Credit Card Type.
                               This means the number failed 
                               validation process.

                        "4" -  The number entered did not belong 
                               to a Major Credit Card Company.  
                               Could not process.

                        "5" -  Invalid Number:  Main cause of 
                               this error is length of number 
                               passed to program.  The number
                               should be between 13 and 16 
                               characters.

               The first character of the return code will always
               be a 1-5 so you can write your program accordingly.
               If the number passes or fails you can always count
               on the Credit Card company to be displayed along 
               with the result code.
               
               If you were to pass the number to DosBank from 
               the example above, the resulting code would be
               returned:

                                    "2 Discover"

               "2" Meaning passed, as described above, and 
               "Discover" being the Company that issued the 
               Credit Card.
              
              Program Information:

              This program was written in QuickBasic v4.5

              This Program was written by Joe Maguire, a 
              Programmer/Analyst for a Support company in
              Florida.

              Source Code Information:

              The source code is available and can be purchased
              while registering this program.  The Source code
              costs $67.95 (Including Registration), and 
              enables you to adapt the program to your specific
              needs.  In my example earlier, I've adapted it so
              I can call it and it will return a code to the 
              clipboard telling me whether it passed or not.      

              If you don't have a programmer on staff, or don't 
              have one that writes in QuickBasic. I can also 
              quote you on what I would charge to write it into
              your daily procedures for you.  Just notify me at
              the address above and I will contact you 
              immediately.  

              This program has also been written in Visual Basic
              for Windows,  and can purchased for the same 
              amounts as stated above. 

              Thank you for evaluating DosBank v1.0, I'm sure 
              you'll find it's everything you're looking for in 
              a quick Credit Card Validation utility for Windows.

              If you have an comments or questions about DosBank,
              please leave them on via E-Mail on America 
              On-Line(AOL) care of "JoeFM", or send them to:
 
                                Joe Maguire
                              P.O. Box 180185
                         Casselberry, FL 32718-0185