

               ŸYd Guide To Kard Frauding And Its Principles


        Credit card frauding, aye now there's something that can either
make you or break you <gr>. Over the course of our MAKES & BREAKS, we
have noted, learned, and put into practice various strategies towards
the process. In this guide, I will attempt to present some pointers,
advice, etc. to aid you along in your way to becoming a big-timer!

Preamble:       A 'lil history behind it, its future..

        Our society, due to its ever increasingly economical perplexity
has over-used, and abused, the theory of credit. Due to its easiness of
access and financial expansions, it has become a daily part of each and
every citizens' life. No one seems to think twice about it. With each
charge, rarely are thoughts given about security measures, etc. to
prevent such un-authorized accesses. Thus providing the medium, or vehicle,
for frauding. Frauding has become quite an often practiced hobby over
the last 5 years or so. Ethics can be applied to the situation, each in
support for both good and bad morales. But in retospect of a companies
negligence of card security

                & the rest is history....................


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


        This guide is presented in various sub-topics. Each of which
contains related sets of information. Please read the ENTIRE guide
before attempting any of its counterparts. Don't be a LaMeR.!.


I. How Da Phuck Am I Supposed To Get Numbers and Its Associated Info¨

   This is by far the most important and attention demanding step of
them all­­ Basically, you need to find someone who works or has a job
as a cash register operator. Or any other related type work where a
hands on credit cards is encountered. Generally, these persons encounter
and handle various credit cards of un-suspecting phools passing through
their lines. Let's say for sake you are one of these persons.
You will probably be operating a standard type(NCR) cash register.
Most machines have a a slot in which you swipe the card. After this
intial step, and of course a non-failure of fundz, you then proceed
by inserting a carbon based slip into a printing slot, in which a
transaction recording is made for business purposes of billing, etc.

   One genrall method of duplicating, obtaining kard information,
is by inserting two slips, as opposed to the normal 1, into the slot.
After the printing is done, remove both slips - carefully holding
them as an apearance of one!! - and quickly hand the buyer his kard.
This will distract him as he is putting it away, snag one the slips
into your pocket or whatever. This will provide you the basic
information of the kard holder via carbon over-printing. Other methods
can be done by simple memorization - the real and safest phreaking way!
Either way you can accquire a truckload of numbers this way - don't
forget to note the kard holder's name - Duh!

   Other information you may, and sometimes will, need is as follows. Since
you are accquiring the numbers locally, via a friend or yourself, that
basically means most kard holders will be local also. Do you get it¨ If
not no fret, here's what to do. Hopefully the kard holder was male, as
most females do not live alone and their names are likewise not printed
in the fonebook. But try regardless.... Look up the kard holder's name,
and presto you now have their fone number and home address. If their
name is not specifically puslished in the phone book but others are you
might get brave and try this: Call these people, as they may be
relatives - make sure they have the same 3-digit prefix -, and ask for
the kard holder. Generally, if they are a relative, they will provide
you with the number at which he can be reached. Viola! You know have
his/her home phone number. You may also try to obtain his/her home phone
number by making a call to 1411, information as we know it. But
generally if its a female, chances are accquiring the home fone will be
a bit more difficult.

II. The Other Info You Will Need To Be Successful

   To enusre that you will pull your scam over you need to make sure of
one very, very, very, very, very, very, important detail! Does this
idiot have sufficient funds for your purchase¨ If you attempt to use
someone's kard who doesn't, he/she will be notified after the placement
of the order. Result, you now have arose suspicision and a possible
setup for your pethetic arrest. Why, because you were to lazy to go thru
a couple of de 'ole necessities. Going back to that person working as a
register operator, etc. Herez where once again you'll need their help.

III. Funds Validation, Merchant Numbas, and Everthing Else To Boot

   Ok, all stores and companies have a system by which they can manually
perform a routine check of a credit card's phunds. Each of these
businesses are issued a MERCHANT NUMBER for this sole purpose -
Important Concept. What you, or your so called friend, needz to do is
leech onto this number. It generally and almost always consists of the
following:
           (Note this number is not valid so don't even try it!)

           60110164123182
           ^  ^ -----^--^-------------- usually the issuing bank, in
                     |  |               this case Discover
                     |  |
                     ------------------ usually store number, if in a
                                        chain, etc..

   This merchant number shown, fako, is a sample discover merchant
number. Note this due to the 4-digit prefix 6011, Discover bank call
letters. You'll need a number like this, valid though, for sucessful
phunds verification, etc. Also you will need the dialup's (usually
voice, sometimes v-mail though) in which to put these numbers into
practice. All this information (REAL & VALID) will be presented at a
later time in the manual. Make note, all dialups are 800 carriers, so
you can leech the payfone without even using a quarter, <smile>.

IV. The Actual Validation Process

   Ok, lets say you have accumulated all the above mentioned info and
you're ready to progress. Now here comes the phun stuff 8)

   Get all the information handy that will be needed. Now, based upon
the amount you're frauding you need to come up with a value to verify.
I.E. Say you plan to order 8 megz, that will run you about 240+ $$$. So
the wiset thing to do, don't be a lamer and give an even mutliple, is
come up with a figure say $279.13. Always give an odd number, NEVER a
even such as $200.00, Duh! Someone will answer the dialup and generally
say this bs:
     "Hello, this is such and such speaking, merchant number please."
You say slowly and confidently, 6 0 1 1 .... etc whatever the numba is.
     "Credit card number?"
Now say the credit carrd number, 6 0 1 1 0 0 3 ... etc.
    "Amount to be verified?"
You say the amount you have predetermined. After this the representative
will either say:
     "Authoriztion code is such and such blah blah.."
Or
     "Verification falied, or whatever blah blah.."
If verified, the autorization number is NOT important. The only thing
that matters is that dammit, he has enough phunds for the taking.. <gr>

   If dialing some Visa and MasterCardz you will often encounter a
V-mail system setup for touch tone phones. An extra step is presented
here, a bank number, oooh! This is eazy to overcome though, as I will
present the necessities l8r..

V. Passed With Flying Colours & Ready To Leech

   Now that part you've all been waiting fer, sit-back, grab some
shrooms and read on!!

   Ok, now you need to find a company, don't be a lamer and pick a local
one duh! The company needs to be a somewhat large, in order to avoid the
possiblity of a somtimes call back verification. Some companies I would
recommend would be:

                        MidWest Micro Periphials
                        & other companies from
                        Computer Shopper........

   After choosing your company, dial 'em up. Now keep this in mind, you
need to be calm, kool, and nervous in no way. Be friendly, talk and act
like a 'lil computer illiterate. Trust me, it works! After bullshitting
and shooting the breeze a 'lil, then proceed to order. If you do not
know how to order via credit kard, damn you are a LAMER!

   He/She will ask for your home phone, and address. Give them to the
sales representative. If you could not find the adequate information to
due so, then start lying. But this can sometimes pose problems as
discussed later. You may ask, "Shit, why not give'm a fako?" The
answer is simple enough. Sometimes I have found this to be what phucks
over an order. Meaning, they do have access to the kard holder's real
inpho. So be wise and safe. Then, if they do not ask you as normally
they do, request a different shipping address for some bullshit reason
such as: "I will not be home in the evening until about 6:45pm, is there
any way I can have this shipped to an (associates, friends, relatives, etc)'s
house?. The bitch will most likely say yes and think nothing of it. Now
if you're a non-patient person, you can also ship it overnight. Hell,
they are paying for it, why not!! Either way it doesn't really matter.
But if you want to get it either next day, via overnight, or 2+ days, I
would try to place the order by at least 2:30pm..

VI. Bringing Down The House

   I failed to mention earlier one important concept. "Where in the phuck
I am supposed to have this shit shipped to?" Well this is also another
phun part of karding for cache. You need to choose a house that meets
the phollowing criteria:

 1.  It will be empty during the day between 9:00am-1:30pm.
 2.  The surrounding demography consists of middle-aged working people
     with either no kids or kids as students.
 3.  It is not in a heavily trafficed area.
 4.  It is not HARD to find - make it easy on your deliverer <gr>.

   Step 1 should be obvious. If he knocks on the door, to deliver etc,
and someone answers they will simply refuse it and it will be promplty
sent back! Unless, of course, you have balls of steel and approach him
after the order. You'd then say something as to the likes, "Is this
package for such and such?" Of course, he will reply yes. Say you're
either a friend or his son/daughter and that you live at such and such.
Then say, "I guess it must have been shipped to the wrong address, blah
blah." You'll then be required to sign, do it.. RIGHT of course ..

   Step 2 should also be obvious. You don't need any non-working people
or old bitches spying on ya and seeing all the action.

   Step 3, gotta watch out. Someone whom may know you may perhaps drive by -
it has happened! - or anything else.

   Step 4, you don't want ta slow down delivery or have it cancelled by
an impossibly, secluded address!

VII. Scoping the House

   Now, if you're a student, ya need to prepare and either play sick, or
better yet skip that day of school which corresponds to the estimated
arrival date.  Don't be a big lameo and get caught skippin and have your
parents notified though, DUH!!

   Now several methods exist for coppin the goods. You can either:

   A. Wait on the delivering premisis and act as if it were your own
   when the deliver arrives. Ya know act as a residential son/daughter.

   B. Wait for UPS idiot to knock, have no answer and leave the package
   near the house.

   Step B calls for some explaining. Generally UPS, and Federal Express,
will not leave a package un-attended and require a signature of arrival.
This can be easily beaten though. What you need to do is this: Write out
a note or stick'em, whatever, and on it specify you will not be home
during the expected delivery time; Instruct the deliverer to leave the
package - use shipment or order number obtained when ordering -
somewhere such as the backproch, or behind something. LEAVE a signature
of the kard holder at the bottom of the note, this will suffice as the
arrival signature to those morons. Duh Huh!

   If you decide upon Step A, sign - play it off well too - as a
son/daughter. Get the LAST NAME RIGHT!!!

VII. Pat Yourself On The Back

   If you managed to salvage and obtain your goods, then your commended.
If not, no fear, better luck next time - arf arf!

VII. Tips, Hints, & Other Suggestions

 1. Never use the same card more than once, very important!
 2. Never send multiple orders from the same card to multiple
    addresses.
 3. Never use the same address more than once.
 4. Try to keep the order to about $350 or less.
 5. If using Step A, never have the same person pose as the resident
    more than once.
 6. Never act nervous or otherwise suspicious when ordering or signing.
 7. Use good frauding sense!
 8. Never brag or let the information of your scam leak. Keep it close
    and confidential. (ToP SeCReT­)
 9. If using a car for the scoping and pickup, either steal some plates
    as a cover or park a distance from the house - yet still keeping it
    within full view.
10. Destroy all information of the pickup. i.e. invoice, package, etc..
11. Try to minimize phraud to about once or twice a month....

   If you bend or break any of these suggestions you are asking for it!
Don't say I didn't warn you when you are BUSTED! I have gained these
steps through the experience of others, and myself. Please follow them!!

VIII. Elvis Has Left The Building; Here It IS!!

   Presented now will be the information I have promised, use it wisely.

Various 800 dialups for differing cardz:

 Check Verification:  1-800-237-5581  (Voice)
 Discover          :  1-800-347-1111  (Voice)
                      1-800-347-3375  (Voice)
 Visa/MC           :  1-800-554-2265  (V-mail)
                      1-800-944-1111  (Voice)

Merchant Numbers for cardz and Chequez:

 1011952700        (Cheque verification merchant #)

 0956              (Bank # to be used with V/MC verifications)
 417230003198      (V/MC merchant #)

 601101647131984   (Discover merchant #)

   There is a 'lil more explaining to do on this section. With this
information presented, they should all be used in conjunction with one
another. Do NOT try to use for say: bank numbers for the listed V/MC
merchant #, and vice versa; another numbers for verification via listed
mcht. #s other than those presented. You may be successful if you try
anywayz, but hell, is it worth the hassale¨ One form of 'polymorphism'
you may use however is this: Remeber the discussion of merchant numbers
in previous sections? Well as you re-call, generally the last four
digits correspond to a store number. Take a close look at the merchant,
except the check, presented. See it! Duh, that's right! They all end,
with a few exceptions, 3198. Obviously you can deduce that these two,
actually three, numbers are from the same company, can't you¨¨¨ We'll
what you may be able to do is change these last four, to whatever you
wish. Who knows, it might just work!! These dialups are open 24hs a day,
7 days a week!! So, anytime you pheel like phrauding, go fer it! Remeber
to play it kool and safe and you'll be and do juuuusssstttt fine....
Note: Some of the dialups, for some odd reason, do not work with the
listed merchant #s. This is no problem though, of the two numbers listed
for Discover and V/MC ONE WILL WORK!!! Just try it, and see what you
get... 4-8 years in a federal prison (arf arf) ... nah man, just kiddin!

IX. Special Thanx & Welcomes -- 8) --

   I would like to send greetz to all ŸYd memberz out there and all
people reading this. Yes, that meanz YOU!

   Special thanx goes out to The Phuncky Feel One. Who helped in making
it ALL possible. Geez, what a phriend :)

   Phuck U Christy Jonez, your dad is a tribal leader and you're a 'lil
bitch!! Same goes to DP ..!­!..

   If you have any questions, updates, or possible suggestions, leave me
some e-mail somewhere.

   Written and prepared by(author):  PHeaRFul PHeLLa 'long serving ŸYd
                                                      member........!!


                                 L8r................


P.S. If you're wandering why there are no special textual graphics etc..

Phuck U.. arf arf.. I am too damn lazy for that shit..

Look for later installmentz... More to cum...
