Subject: A GUIDE to CARDING for the dumbass
Date: Fri, 9 Jun 95 23:18:52 -0500

Ill upload one of these files I wrote not too long ago for all you
new young fuck novices who want to learn... you think you know it alls
might as well read on yourslef because most of you dont know jack shit either
about ccfraud.. lets see if you agree, here...
 
CARDING 101 The Basics
 - THE REAL DEAL by DARK GRIF
 
 
>From time to time after I got my kicks and my cash I share a
good scam or two with you that is still fresh and profitable
for you, Now is one of those times.
 
This file goes out to this bullshit little punk ass smart
ass calling himself the unknown asshole who uploaded a file
on here called CARDTRUE.ZIP
I downloaded this bullshit just to see what the fuck this
punk ass motherfucker had do say and as I expected all this
little punkass twerp was doing is talking out of his fucking
asshole. This punk ass built up a whole anger inside him
talking about how sick and tired he was of reading other
carding files by people who never carded anything talking
a bunch of bullshit then this little punkass mother fucker
writes up the biggest bull shit I ever heard about the
fucking subject. This punk ass motherfucker told us to call
up a mail order outlet and tell them to send to the
cardholders address and then have you go drive 1000 miles
down to Kansas where the motherfucker lives and pick up the
shit hoping the mother fucker is at work. This little
punkass was just talking about playing with his fucking
balls in his whole dam post. Now I write this
post to all you young novices who want the deal on carding
and to all you vetrans who want to or should already know
whats up at this 4/16/95 date of writing.
 
How to get card numbers is simple. You can find the carbons
or the receipts on just about every corner. But chances are
those people who don't give a shit about anyone finding
their reciepts have no credit other than a $300
secured card anyway. So to get some decent card #'s with
people who have credit goto fine resturants and either get
your ass filthy in their trash with shit chicken grease and
sauce all over the place and hope you find 2
or 3 or you can do what I do I watch where the dumb ass
bitch waitress keeps her creditcard receipts for the day and
I take them all, but I understand that this may look like a
risky situtation to some of you so you can just look around
the tables and floors and trash and hope to get
lucky. But the point is there are a lot of fine resturants
where ever the hell you live and access to their credit card
receipts are right at your fingertips, go check it out and
see for yourself. Resturants are where you get card numbers
not hardware or departments stores what fucking good is a
Macy's card gonna do you in Kmart. Resturants are
the ticket. Now as you read on mother fuckers you will find
there are more creative ways to obtain card numbers.
 
Ok mother fuckers you got a card number, a name, and a
expiration date, and possibly a phone #. You dont have the
person's billing adress and your not going to get it nor do
you need it. Now listen , you are limited to what you can do
with this credit card # because you don't have the credit
card itself you only have a number. Ill tell you how
to get credit cards in a minute. The days of UPS delevery
FEDX and all that bullshit to vacant houses or anything like
that is no long worth your time. What you could do with you
card number is what I do almost everyday for lunch. I call
up winkydinky chinese resturants and order take out then go
in and sign as if I am picking it up for the boss. No
hassels from the chinamen I am a 28 year old professional
grifter. Perhaps if you are the age of 12 when I started to
do this shit you might not beable to get away with such
things so your pretty much limited to just
using your credit card # to make long distance phone calls
from payphones, 900#'s, and a little mail orders if your
lucky.
 
So to the mail orderer...
 
Obtain a voice mail box and mail service from the same
company. This should set up back anywhere from $30-50 bucks
of your own cash. I DO NOT ADVISE YOU TO USE THE CREDIT CARD
# FOR THIS! You can use it to get other voice mail boxes if
you want whenever the hell you want that's no problem but
for this one with the mail service do not use to credit
card because you should go into the voice mail center to
make the payment in cash because you want the people who
work there to know who you are (whatever name you give them)
so you won't be asked to show ID when its
time for you to pick up your mail. Call them up on the phone
and tell them you want a voice mail box and mail service,
they give you the number and their address and you tell them
ok can I come in and make the payment, and they tell you by
all means. Usualy these are winky dinky operations with only
one or two people working there. They are not part of
the post office so you are not required to show them proper
ID just for them to let you use their address to recieve
mail. If you want you can show them a fake $5 ID card you
get at the arcade or a check cashing dump just to
make them happy. You might want to use the same name on the
credit card # you are going to use then again you might not
espcially if it is someone the opposite sex of you and the
fact that it doesnt matter because you want to use this mail
service more than once for another card # as well . They
charge you appox $30/month and or 50 cents per letter for
you. They will ask you for your address and make you sign
something. I don't need to tell you to give all bullshit
info. Now make sure they will remember you be nice to them,
conversate so there is no problem next time you go in to get
your mail.
 
OK mother fuckers time to order. Your not going to order no
Pentiums and 17inch monitors because the mail service guy
will be sharing doughnuts with the police laughing
at your stupid ass. And though there are sill many 800#
outlets who could care less about and dont have the
equipment nor desire to call the bank to check to see if the
name and billing addresses match the # forget about using
them because you are not going to be getting the
shit that you want to order becuase the shit is two fucking
big and if they mail UPS or FEDX this guy and the
mailservice has to sign for it and believe you me they are
hip two credit card frauders. Some mailservice mother
fuckers dont even allow UPS/fedx. Not to mention that UPS
and Fedx are 500% more hip these days themselves.
 
My advice to you is to pick up ELECTRONICS NOW magazines and
order large quanitys of Mappers aka "Test Chips" used to
desramble cable box converters. Buy all makes for all models
usualy at $19.99 and you could sell them any where from that
price (or less) to $50. And listen my friends most
of these mother fuckers selling encoders could care less
about who's credit card # you are using, they don't check
matching names or any shit out. All they care about is not
shipping them to anyone in the same state as them because
that is illegal for them. Some of the assholes don't want to
send you a lot and you might want to check your card info
out. So stay away from the wholesalers charging $19.99 for
the mappers who have 1-800 #'s! Order from the little winky
dinks charging $50 bucks each using who don't have an 800#
who just use their regular number. Make a deal with
them and tell them you want to buy a lot for $19.99-24.99
and for the beautiful part of my little mother fuckers, tell
them you don't give a mules anus about insurance and you
don't want to pay extra shipping costs so tell them mother
fuckers to send it via regular us mail! So now there are no
hassels with Mr. motherfucker mailservice.
You got a small package envelope packed with chips worth $20
a pop! So now what the fuck are you gonna do with all these
mother fucking CHIPS??? Well mother fuckers if you can
answer YES to this next question then you are in business.
DO YOU HAVE A CELLULAR CLONED PHONE WITH A NUMBER OR ACCESS
TO A PHONE 24/7 NOT TRACED TO YOU? If NOT you are going to
have to sell these mother fuckers to friends and/or post
messages where ever over the internet, or what
ever, that's your problem not mine but these mother fuckin
test chips sell like hotcakes. Get a cellular cloned phone
or a friends phone cellular ot not who is willing to take a
small risk. Here's what you are going to do mother fuckers.
Get yourself another mail service at another location. And
with a credit card # (or not) charge and ad in Electronics
Now or the other magazines for a month and give your cloned
phone or whatever and have mother fuckers order from you.
 
If you take the route of mailing in a money order for the ad
then you can even use your own phone or better yet a buddy's
phone who is into making some extra cash and can hang out
and take calls 24/7 for ya, you can have your pal take
orders as to send money order, cashier check or COD, because
their really isn't any trace back to you once you rid of the
painted little serial numbers on the test chip and you are
having the mother fuckers send the money order
to a mail service which you paid cash for, so think about it
mother fuckers there really isn't anything to worry about is
there. Now if you take the other route by placing the
expensive ad using someone's credit card # and you have a
cloned phone, you can tell these dumb mother fuckers when
they call you that you do take credit card numbers as well
as money orders and cod's. That route you now have a little
source for obtaining credit card numbers along with the
mother fuckers billing address, and even push it and get
their social security # if you want. I hope this will open
your mind up to the many ways you can obtain credit card
numbers. I once sold shit thru an ad and just gave a voice
mail # with instructions to place the order at the tone
leaving your name ,address, phone #, and credit card number
or send money order to blah blah blah or COD, and we will
call you back within 24 hours to verify your order. Believe
you me this method does work to and is worth
your time even though 90% of the calls will be hang ups.
Nothing beats a live voice but there are idiots born every
day. Test Chips can make you nigga rich real quick. I'm sure
if you think about it you can come up with many small thins
you can mail order that have value. Forget about
gold coins and jewelry you mother fuckers don't have
experience to deal with armoured mail service as I do
perhaps another time we'll discuss that.I'm telling ya
mother fuckers test chips are liquid.
 
OK enough of that. As you see the point is mail ordering
large valuable items is not happening anymore with just a
credit card # you find on the street. There really is no
point to doing mail ordering 800# and there really never was
unless they have something you can't buy where you live or
you are young and dont' have the skills nor the appearance
to go in a store and use a credit card without having to
show ID. So if you fall into that catagory I'll briefly
tell you whats involved. You need to cash to operate. you
have to get someone older to be in on it with you to rent a
apartment or house whatever. With a rich mother fuckers
social security # it's as easy as 1,2,3. You fill out a gold
card application send it in and wait for it to come at the
apartment you rented. Or if you are kind of desperate or in
a hurry and you have the persons info, simply type up a
official change of address letter and send it to the credit
card co. bank.
 
Make sure you forge their signature pretty dam good, this
will take the bank only 5-10 days as opposed to 21-30 days
to recieve a new card. Then you do all the mail ordering
your little heart desires and get the hell out of apartment
after you get your shit and never comeback And still you
risk jail time if the UPS or FEDX mother fuckers are tipped
off. It can be done it still is being done but the point is
mother fuckers that mail ordering carding is ultimately
pointless. Hopefully you read ahead of me and relize what it
is all about.
 
Get a hold of a rich persons name address and social
security, all their information so you know their previous
address when you send in a official change of address letter
to all their banks and /or when you apply for a new credit
card they ask for a previous address (even though
its still their current; you can even state so) you know
what it is, so everything checks out and you literately in
the money. You give them a voice mail box # even though they
are not going to call and you give them a mail service as
the primary address. Heeeee haaawwww. The new gold card
arrive and a week after the card arrives so does that mother
fucking PIN number. I don't need to tell you to head
straight to the ATM machine. Get all the cash advance out
you can then got charge up the rest of the $4000 or $20000
whatever with the actual card itself, no hassels the card
won't come up stolen because the mother fucker
don't even know it exists. I today find that no matter where
I go with a credit card I am not asked to show ID at the
point of sale. Wear nice clothes and look like you are the
name on the card and you in business. Don't get greedy and
try to buy something $10,000 in one shot. I like to goto
winky dinky jewelry shops owned by crooked Iranians and such
and buy gtm master and submariner Rolexes in the $2200
range, no hassels. Iranian owned computer shops and buy
$4500 486DX4-100MHZ's in 1 swipe. You'll find that
foreigner's come to this country for one thing to
make money quick and could careless about their visa/mc
lisence being revoked because they will get their brother to
re open the store the next day.
 
How to get social securty numbers? We'll people don't give
them out in social conversations. I get mine from a computer
hacker who dips into doctor's computers in hospitals. Hang
around the trash where people goto fill out applications of
such and maybe you'll get lucky. Put a ad in the newspaper
for a good high paying job then when you get calls from
creditable people fax them a bogus application form
and have them fill it out and fax it right back to you. Use
Kinkos fax...
 
OK mother fuckers that's enough for now. Let me end by
telling you once again the Test Chip scam is a good little
profitible hobby for you that don't take much time or
effort. Get yourself someone's social security number and
take their indenity over thats If your smart
enough you can even make payments on those credit cards once
you get them and keep em going, good credit standing always
leads to more credit, then even obtain ID and open up
checking accounts and take become this mother fucker. But
you mother fuckers don't know shit about papertriping.
That's all for now mother fuckers you fans who want to keep
in touch and get ideas and info to such shit as papertrips
false IDs, even casino comcheck scams, and the high tech
credit card industry such as encoders and decoders readers,
writers all that shit I have and is an expert at...and you have
something to interest and offer me, email me right here on
this fine board right here or find me on the bet.
 
Unlike that pussy punkass who ended is CARDTRUE.ZIP
file by stating how much of a pussy he is that he doesn't
condone or practice credit card fraud, I leave you mother
fuckers with all the encouragement there is to practice and
get whatever you can get in life for nothing. I condone it,
I practice it every fucking day of my life.
 
END OF FILE.

