How to obtain credit and calling card numbers the easy way!
--


Being in the business of surveillance, I have discovered many tricks over the 
years to find people. Some of these tricks can be worked in reverse, for say 
"other" means.

I am not in any way encouraging criminal activity but provide this information 
merely as a tutorial regarding security--your security and how you can maintain 
it.

I have had several friends who were in the lucrative business of supplying 
credit card numbers to counterfeiters. Some of these counterfieters can make a 
visa card that looks so good you would not believe that it is a fake. Supplying 
the credit card numbers is a safer end of the business. Most of my then 
associates did things like, take temporary work at stores to get credit card 
numbers. Some would find some young, lonely girl who worked in a retail store 
and "woo" her for the numbers. Still others used the tried at true method of 
"dumpster diving" behind banks and department stores for the carbons.

These days with new credit card policies you not only have to have the number 
but you also must have the address that the account is under to be able to 
charge things, especially "over the phone" type deals. So how do you hook up the 
numbers to the address and how can you get numbers using an easier method than 
diving in trash?

Well, I am about to give away one of my best kept secrets. Pay attention. When I 
was working on a divorce case, the wife of the mark hired me to follow her 
husband and find out what he was doing and who with. I could not pin anything on 
this guy as he was pretty slick. I knew he was having an affair but none of the 
conventional methods were working and the lady needed proof quick.

All I knew was that this guy would go to his boat a couple of times a week. Nice 
boat too! The kind you could live on comfortably. So I would follow him down to 
the marina where it was docked and sit in this nearby coffee shop and just 
watch. I never saw anything. This went on for weeks and in a moment of 
frustration I was having beers with a buddy of mine and he asked me if he had a 
radio on the boat. I told him of course. Probably. Who wouldn't? Then he asked 
me if this guy had a phone on board and I told him as far as I knew boats didn't 
have phones.

My pal smiled at me and quietly sipped his beer and told me to go to Radio Shack 
and buy a MARINE SCANNER. I thought to myself, why the hell would I want that? 
He refused to tell me why but told me to do it and to find the marine office's 
radio frequency. I did all this. The scanner cost me $79.00 but was well worth 
it!!

Let me tell you. With a little bamboozling, I got the marine office to tell me 
the frequency they use to communicate with the boats in the marina. I told them 
I was having radio trouble and if they could help me out. They did. I tuned the 
scanner to the marina's frequency and sat in the coffee shop with an earplug in 
my ear and a writing tablet on the table.

To the rest of the world I looked like a guy who was scribbling some notes and 
listening to a ball game on a pocket radio. In reality I was listening to 
conversations the mark was having with a sex service.

See, to make a phone call from a boat you have to call the marine office and 
they have to patch your call thru for you. They are not going to accept the 
charges for YOUR call so generally they ask you how you want to pay? With credit 
card or calling card. The guy on the boat gives the dispatch marine office his 
credit card to place the call or the calling card number, either way you get all 
the info.

Bingo! I had my mark dead cold and I learned something new to boot! I sat back 
that day and listened to several people making phone calls from their boats. It 
was amazing the amount of info you can get! Some marina's have a link line so 
that once they patch you thru you can dial in your own calling card number but 
as long as you have a DTMF tone decoder you can easily decode the tones to 
numbers and get the goods.

When comparing notes with some other friends I also learned that tow-truck 
companies accept credit cards also. So I experimented and found out the 
frequency of a local tow truck company and I listened for awhile. You would be 
surprised at how many people get their cars towed and pay with credit cards! 
They have to have the billing address and account info to process the tow forms 
so if you listen closely you can get all of that easily!

Many places are now encoding their transmissions to prevent eavesdropping but 
there are several that are still "fair game". You just have to do a bit of 
research and find out. Remember cab companies accept credit cards for their 
fares now. Limo services must verify any credit information before picking up 
the parties they will drive. Those are easy frequencies to "hock".

If you have access to a scanner of this type then experiment with it and you 
will see for yourself. The information is out there, it is just a matter of 
getting it. Even if the transmissions are coded there are several ways of 
decoding the the signal to get the hidden information within. 

How about converting an old tv set to a Tempest type of unit. I have seen small 
ads placed in computer magazines like Byte, where for a few dollars you can get 
the plans to build a small tempest type of set-up. For those of you not in the 
know a Tempest device can read a computer screen. Meaning, if I have this device 
and I am outside your home and you are inside on your computer, I can see 
exactly what you type. Passwords, access codes--everything!!!

How hard would it be to make a small Tempest unit out of an old tv set and sit 
outside your friendly video store? Generally speaking when you rent a movie and 
they bring your account up on the screen your credit info is there also because 
you usually need a credit card to open a video account. If joe blow is at the 
check out stand with his movies and the customer help pulls his rental account 
up on the computer, you could easily get all that data. If you were really smart 
you would hook up a vcr to the tv and just record the transactions for the day 
and get maybe hundereds of credit card numbers.

Now of course the easiest way to protect yourself from these types of measures 
is to deal direct with whoever you are getting services from. Call nothing in if 
at all possible. Don't use your credit card unless absolutely necessary and then 
get the carbons and if you do not feel comfortable with an exchange, don't be 
afraid to request to see the manager and tell them your concerns. You would be 
surprised how a quick "chat" with the manager would go a long way to protecting 
you.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
This file is for educational and informational purposes. We are not responsible
for what you do with the information.

This file is brought to you by WRAITH Tech Industries--Making The Future Happen 
Today

This file is an exclusive

