Original Message Date: 11 Aug 92  01:38:03
From: Dick Gladden on 1:381/5
To: Tom Jennings on 1:125/111
Subj: Reply to "paper" letter
^AINTL 1:125/111 1:381/5
Last things first... Lisa Gronke. I think she'd be a good choice. Have ç
read some of her stuff and she seems to be level-headed. Downside: ç
Editorship has tangible benefits. About 4 weeks ago a certain editor ç
stated he was terribly handicapped by having to use an obsolete RS ç
computer. Presto... no more handicap. The pen is mightier than the sword ç
or maybe even dough-re-mi. :-)

Fido docs: Scratch publishing 'em... just provide something on disk we can ç
dump to prn. Seems to me you'll still earn income from Fido as a shareware ç
project. I keep getting inquiries about 12u but can only offer handholding ç
without some paper.

Support shareware users ONLY in FIDO echo. There's a ton of experience ç
available there. For those few Fido/FidoNet users lacking access to FIDO, ç
give 'em a mailing address/phone number (with permission) of someone like ç
Ken or Ray. I don't see a need for you to make regular appearances in FIDO ç
considering the depth of expertise available.

Privacy act: Go get 'em. The Feds proposal to require data transmission ç
technology be restricted, just so they can eavesdrop without being ç
inconvenienced, is very disturbing. The hell with 'em. There's too much ç
snooping going on as it is without impairing future technological ç
development.

I was watching Computer Chronicles demonstrate a new graphics ç
breakthrough.... gonna to have trouble describing it. Suffice to say ç
programmers are able to generate life-like images in real-time motion for ç
video. One would have sworn they were actually watching people in action.

Afterwards the thought occured to me that the Feds pornographic review ç
board (wherever that is) would be hard pressed to make a case against ç
someone producing, mailing, transmitting, whatever, electronically created ç
images that, if containing real people, would otherwise be prohibited. ç
Should be interesting to see how lawmakers react. I think this is the same ç
technology used in the new Meyrl Streep film, critiqued recently on TV, in ç
which her head rotates completely around on her body... positively weird ç
realism.

Speaking of privacy, I might be able to do something for you in the future ç
if only I knew your full name, incl middle initial, and SS number. I won't ç
promise anything except to keep such info confidential. You can tell me to ç
get lost, if you want, and I'll understand.

P.S. FidoTerm. Are you going to release a new version before packing ç
everything away or is this a way-down-the-road project?


