Tom Jennings
1:125/111
Box 77731
San Francisco CA 
94107 USA


Last February I withdrew my permission, in writing, from theç
group previously known as "IFNA" to use my trademarks, "Fido",ç
"FidoNet" and the dog-with-diskette drawing, after the networkç
members voted that IFNA did not represent their desires.

Apparently some of the people that were in "IFNA" at that time isç
continuing to use the trademarks, and further, to claim that theyç
represent the network and to have privy access to the nodelist,ç
and are "signing up" network members, claiming that they are theç
"International FidoNet Association".

Let's make a few things clear: One, IFNA is legally required toç
remove the registered trademark "Fido" and "FidoNet" from theirç
name, and in all other instances. Two, they do not represent theç
network members at large. Three, to the best of my knowledge,ç
entry into the nodelist is monetarily free, as long as you meetç
the minimal technical requirements.

			* * *

This network of ours is as decentralized as humanly possible.ç
There is no one organization "in charge", no matter who may implyç
what. The *C structure is as close as we get, and even they areç
volunteers with generally localized powers and responsibilities.ç
Anyone implying otherwise is trying to mislead you.

Bear with me a minute.

I have fought to keep some of the basic precepts of this networkç
intact -- decentralization, local control, responsibility in theç
hands of the sysops in the net.

"Fido", "FidoNet" and the dog-with-diskette are registered U.S.ç
trademarks of Tom Jennings, address above. Individuals andç
organizations that wish to use these trademarks (such asç
newsletters, sysop organizations, etc) must request permissionç
from me first.


I know that sounds awfully harsh and formal -- but in reality,ç
nearly all of the requests I have received have been well withinç
the spirit and the letter of how our network operates, andç
permission has been granted. 

I grant permission taking into account only the benefit of theç
FidoNet network at large -- even at my own personal expense. Myç
only desire is to see the FidoNet network continue to allow andç
encourage free communication between people all over the planet.

