Original Message Date: 30 Aug 92 19:15:39
From: William Sommers on 1:125/222
To: Tom Jennings on 1:125/111
Subj: For TJ's amusement too...
TO: randy@psg.com
TO: lhl@cs.wisc.edu
TO: pozar@kumr.lns.com

Following is the message I have posted in comp.sys.mac.system
this evening, regarding the post "by" Mary Hicks, a user of
this BBS.  In addition to this post, Mary is receiving a
"refresher course" in the use of passwords -- using a common
password (common to several systems, that is) is bad enough,
but to use it when checking out a pirate board as well...

Her posting access has not been revoked.  On the contrary, I
am encouraging her to enter a short explanation and apology
as soon as she next logs in.  Please do not hesitate to
contact me if (any of) you care to discuss this further.


<begin forwarded message text>

Greetings, Netfolk.
 
I am the sysop of the system from which the now-infamous "Mary
Hicks post" originated.  She has (I notice) already replied to
some of you via private email, but has not yet posted here.
 
Mary's account was hacked -- the article was neither written
nor posted by her.
 
I suspect that this was done by the sysop or one of the users
of an "elite" BBS she recently blew the whistle on in another
public forum.  Said BBS immediately shut down, or at least
changed telephone numbers... but apparently "they" felt the
need to have the last (one would hope) word.
 
USENET posting access is not granted lightly on this system
(the same holds for all non-local FidoNet echoes).  All users
have full read-only access on their first call -- validation
and a track record of responsible behavior are required for
additional privileges.
 
I pay attention to what goes on here, but these things do
happen.  Fortunately, they happen rarely.  It is impossible
(yes, really) for me to moderate all outbound traffic.  I
happen to also be the Network Coordinator for San Francisco-
based FidoNet Net125 -- with over 60 direct mail links,
things fly fast and furious through here.  Hence the
"impossibility."
 
This single sick posting should in no way reflect negatively
on Mary Hicks, myself, this BBS or FidoNet in general.  I'm
sure that we will one day be able to filter out this filth,
but the technology is not yet here -- there was no single
filter-triggering keyword in the article.
 
Your understanding in this matter is greatly appreciated.
Please try to resist perpetuating the emotional discussion
which I have no doubt is already well under way.
 
Sorry we had to meet under these circumstances.
 
William Sommers
Sysop, 1:125/222
Macademe/Emma (415-621-0567)
 
sommers@kumr.lns.com
william.sommers@f222.n125.z1.fidonet.org

<end forwarded message text>


Voice: 415-621-0546

