The Nail Fetish
by Alicia


It's kind of hard to believe what has happened to me.  It's even harder to 
try to organize it into this story.  But I'm going to try.  I think it all 
starts with my fetish.  I mean, many people have fetishes.  There are rubber 
fetishes, feet fetishes, many types.  I have a fingernail fetish.  In my 
mind, there is nothing more erotic than beautiful hands with long, perfectly 
painted nails dancing on a computer keyboard or a piano or tapping on the 
table.  If I see a woman, I get hard instantly.  Well, I used to get hard, 
anyway.

	It was a normal Monday night.  I left my dorm and drove to the local 
Long John Silvers with a handful of coupons that I got in the mail (college 
students have to save money wherever possible).  I was the only person there 
so I was waited on immediately.  This beautiful girl was at the register, 
and when she reached her finger to hit the "Three Piece Chicken" button, I 
saw a perfectly manicured 1-inch long nail with glittery gold polish on it.  
It was beautiful!  When her nails scraped my hand when she gave me my 
change, I almost came right in my pants.  She put a bottle of "Special Malt 
Vinegar Sauce" on my tray and said it was good and to try it.  I was still 
staring at those beautiful hands.

	I selected a table and sat down, debating if I should go to the john 
and jack off, but I didn't want anybody accidentally throwing away my food.  
So, I sprinkled some vinegar on my fish and took a bite.  My watch beeped 
the hour at 8:00 PM, and a few minutes later the heavenly handed woman sat 
down across from me and intorduced herself as "Jeannie."  I guessed that she 
was just getting off shift.  I almost fainted when she reached out to shake my
hand.  And then she said something that totally caught me off guard.

	"I saw you staring at my hands.  Do you like my nails?  I do them 
different every day.  I go to a beauty school and I'm working for my nail 
technician degree."  All I could do is hyperventilate.  "Would you like to 
come to my place and, er, study?"

	I couldn't say a word.  All of a sudden, I felt her foot working 
it's way up my thigh.  I looked down and saw her golden toenails, clad in 
sheer nylons, start to rub my cock.  "I'll take that as a 'yes'!" she said 
when she felt my cock stiffen.

	She told me I could leave my car in the parking lot and we got into 
her Ford Escort.  We ended up at a stylish studio apartment just outside of 
the city.  On the way there, all I could do is watch her hand work the 
gearshift and hope that later it would be shifting my cock into gear.

	In school, she was practicing "nail tips" and she wanted to practice 
oon me.  I figured what the hell, nail polish comes off.  Well, before I 
knew it, I had 1 1/2" long nails and she was asking "what color?"  I selected a 
"pink champagne" color and she said that was an excellent choice.  I soon 
had very nice, translucently pink nails.  You could just barely see a hint 
of the white tip that Jeannie put on.

	She then started untying my Nike's and wriggled them off. She wanted 
to give me a pedicure, too!  She removed my socks, and started to file my 
toenails.  She started coating them with bright red polish, but she stopped 
just before my last remaining toe and reached up and let my cock loose.  She 
slowly engulfed it into her mouth, her long golden nails playing with my 
balls.  Soon, I erupted, sending loads of thick gooey cum down into her 
throat.  I had never been blown like that before.  As I was spurting, she 
said something to the effect of "You deserved one last blow," but I wasn't 
really paying attention to her cum-dribbling mouth.

	She started to get back to work on my feet, finishing that last 
toenail.  All of a sudden, I started to feel all funny inside.  It started 
at my fingertips.  I looked at them, and they started to feel very hot.  I 
looked at the underside of one of my nails, and saw that the fake nail tip 
had fused itself to my real nail!  Then, from my hands back, my arm hair 
started to thin out.  As I realized what was happening to me, I passed out.

	I awoke to the sight of her face right above mine.  Her beautiful, 
glossy pink lips were approaching my mouth so I happily opened my mouth and 
let her tongue slip inside.  I saw my long-nailed fingeres run through her 
hair, and I wasn't surprised.  But, when we broke our kiss, and I looked at 
her face, there was now red lipstick smeared around her glossy pink lips.  I 
looked at the mirror, and there I was...well, there SHE was.  Then, the 
events of the last night hit me...In the mirror, sitting on the bed, was a 
WOMAN.  No cock.  Big tits.  Long, tan, shapely legs.  A PUSSY!  Long pink 
nails.  Deep red toenails.  A fully made up face.  I was a fuckin' WOMAN!

	Jeannie looked at me and smiled.  She said that I was named Alicia, 
and, since I liked nails so much, I will be going to the same cosmetology school 
that she is going to and get my manicurists degree so I can look at nails 
all the time.  All I could ask is "How can this be?  Why am I a woman?" and 
she started to explain.  I can't remember exactly what she said, but I'll 
pass this moral to all of you guys that get turned on by nails:  If you 
like to eat at Long John Silvers, and some beautiful girl with beautiful 
nails takes your order, DON'T TRY THE MALT VINEGAR SAUCE!
