(c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL   -  NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS


               NANCY (teen incest mf ff)

			By Drifter

               Our Innocent Young Niece

               3 - Jim Join The Game

      I laughed, "No I don't think so baby.  Lots of women enjoy this when
our men aren't around.  Sometimes when they are.   Jim likes to watch
me do this with other women."

      My breast was at her lips because I had shifted to put it there. As I
expected she caught the nipple in her mouth and began to suck wetly as
I had done to her. She enjoyed it and began to move from one  to the
other as I felt her fingers on my cunt again. It didn't take her long until
her tongue was in my wet pussy and on my clit. She learned  fast and
enjoyed what she was doing as I began to come repeatedly.

      Later after showering and slipping into just long loose thin robes
held together by a tie, we both looked sexy as hell.  We relaxed and
fixed our lunch. As we sat down at the table Nancy looked at me
quizzically and said,    "Liz, do you think Jim would want to fuck me, and
would you mind if he did?"

      I almost choked but retained my composure and said,   "Honey I
think he would enjoy fucking you immensely.  The only problem would
be he would be afraid it might somehow harm you since you are his
sister's daughter, ......... and no I wouldn't mind at all, I would love to
watch Jim fuck you."

      She replied quickly,   "Liz I don't see how Uncle Jim fucking me
could be any harm. After watching the two of you last night I am dying to
feel his cock in me.  I can only imagine how great it would feel inside my
pussy.  How  can I reassure Uncle Jim it won't be bad for me if he fucks
me?"

     "I'm not sure you can.  But you can overcome that fear with pure
lust. You can tempt and tease him until his cock is so hard he can't help
himself.  If he knows you want it too I think he will give in. When he gets
home get him to show you around the barn.  As you walk around the
barn tell him you have just discovered sex and masturbation but are
eager to find a boy to try real sex with, but that all the boys you know
are pretty young and puny.  Tell him about the petting with several
different boys. Then go up in the loft and pause every step so he is
looking up your robe at your cunt.  Move slowly and when you get up to
the loft he will have a hard cock I guarantee you. Tell him you want to
see his hard cock.  Then you ask him to take it out,  but don't wait for
him to do it, you pull it out yourself.  After you handle it and look at it,
start kissing and sucking on it like you saw me do last night.  Stop
and ask him if you are doing it right, is he enjoying it.  Make him come
in your mouth and swallow it all then tell him you want him to fuck you.
He will, many times, in many places.  Anyway you can expand on all of
this, do it. He won't have a chance.  Honey it is easy to get fucked
believe me. I expect you will do a lot of it."

      She laughed and said, "I hope so, I know I am going to love it
already".

      When Jim drove up just after lunch, Nancy rushed out to meet him. 
The thin robe hugged her and hid absolutely nothing but revealed every
bump she had.  As Jim got out of the car she put her arms around his
waist and leaned back looking up at him.  Her hot little cunt had to be
pressing against and searing Jim's cock.  They stood like that for several
minutes and talked.  I knew Jim was enjoying the view of her large tits.

     She turned with him arm's around each other's waist and they
started toward the barn as I heard her say,  "Uncle Jim, Liz and I had
several long conversations today but I need a man's opinion.  It's real
personal and I want your opinion.  You see I have just recently
gotten pretty turned on to sex and to masturbation. I just love to play
with myself and get off.  I do it a lot. That's one of the reasons Mom
sent me up to see you and Liz.  Mom thinks I am wacko but I know I'm
not.  I just like to get off and it feels so good."

      Jim said nothing and Nancy continued her story,

     " Well anyway Uncle Jim. I enjoy playing with myself so much I have
decided to do it for real when I get back, you know I am going to let
some boy fuck me. There are several boys who like to touch me.  At the
last dance they kept taking me out to their cars and kissing me and
playing with my tits. I have to admit I love it, even when they are too
rough sometimes. One boy put his hand on my pussy and soon had my
panties pulled aside and was finger fucking me Uncle Jim.  I admit I
loved it and let him do it until I came.  He wanted me to suck his cock.
He pulled it out and I was going to do it. I took it in both my hands.  It
was bigger than I had imagined and I wondered if I could get it in my
mouth.  I was interested in what it would feel like in my mouth and what
it would taste like.  I was just about to do it when we heard someone
coming toward the car.  It was the football coach patrolling the cars.  We
went back inside before he found us.   I have played around a little more
since then and loved it all. Do you think I should go for it? Should I let
one of my dates fuck me?  Liz said I should talk to you about it." 

      They entered the barn then.  I had been following them so I could
listen and watch them.  Nancy's game was turning me on and I knew
what it was doing to Jim. In the barn as I looked through a small
window, Nancy turned facing Jim and said,  "I think when I get home I
will let one of my dates fuck me, maybe a  couple of the guys. Do you
think I am right Uncle Jim?"

      Jim smiled.  Looking at her mostly exposed breasts, her fully
exposed pussy, her hard, clearly outlined nipples, Jim swallowed deeply. 
He was hard from listening to Nancy and feeling her heat beside him. 
Finally he said,   "What did Liz say?"

     "She said she was only 14 when she had sex for the first time.  I am
15 and I think I am more than ready.  I wish the coach hadn't come
along when he did.  I wanted to find out what it was like to suck his
cock."

      Turning she saw the ladder to the loft and ran to it saying,   "Show
me Uncle Jim, show me the loft."  

    I climbed the back ladder and got in place quickly.  As she climbed
high enough she knew he had a clear view of her bare pussy. As she
started up the ladder again two more steps Jim started up behind her. 
She stopped and spread her legs as wide as she could. Then she
looked down at Jim and said,   "Oh Uncle Jim, I forgot I didn't have on
any panties.  You can sure see it all can't you. Can you tell if I am
ready?"

      Jim laughed and took another step up, his face against her cute
bare ass.  The smell of her was enough to drive him wild.  Nancy took
the few remaining steps into the loft.  When Jim joined her his cock
stood out very obvious, very hard.  Nancy looked at him and said, 
 "Uncle Jim, I can see your cock is all hard, please take it out and let me
see it."

      Without waiting for Jim to do anything,  Nancy caught the top of his
zipper and pulled it down as she dropped to her knees in front of Jim. 
Slipping her hand inside his pants she wrapped her fingers around his
rigid cock and she pulled it free.  As she stared down at his cock she
began to stroke it.    Jim mumbled something about "Not sure...."

      Nancy slipped her mouth over his cock and began to suck it
enthusiastically.  In a moment she stopped and pulled his cock out of
her mouth and said,   "I love your cock Uncle Jim. Did you say
something? Am I doing it right."

      Jim pulled her mouth back to his cock which she sucked deeply into
her mouth.  Liz had instructed her well and soon he came with great
force in Nancy's mouth, dribbling down onto her front with the overflow.
When she let his now limp cock fall from her mouth she had sucked him
dry.  Now she stood up and said,     "Was I good Uncle Jim? Did you
like the way I sucked your cock?  I loved it when you came in my mouth. 
I couldn't swallow it all, I have it all over my face and on my tits", and
she laughed delightfully.

      "You were great baby.  I loved the way you sucked my cock.  Liz
bet me I would fuck you before the week was out.  What did the two of
you do today?"

      Nancy described it in great detail.  Then she pulled her robe off and
said, "Uncle Jim, please fuck me now.  I want you to be my first.  Yours
was the first adult cock I ever sucked, I want you to take all my cherries. 
My cunt and my ass are waiting Uncle Jim."

      Jim turned her around and bent her over the hay bales spreading
her legs wide and he began playing with her big tits as he eased his
hard cock into her young pussy gently.  When he was all the way in she
moaned,   "Oooooh fuck Uncle Jim, it feels fucking fabulous, I want you
to fuck me forever."  

     Jim began thrusting and Nancy met his moves and twisted her ass
nicely with each hard thrust.  Then Nancy sighed,   "Uncle Jim, don't
forget my ass."

     In response Jim began toying with her tight ass hole and soon was
finger fucking it with one finger as Nancy moaned and talked about how
great his cock and his finger felt in her.  It wasn't long until Jim said, 
"Get ready baby, relax, relax, relax as I put it in your ass."

      When he slowly pressed it in Nancy screamed and came, and then
pressed back against him until it was deep within her ass. Nancy
moaned about how fucking great it all was as he fucked her little ass
hole thoroughly. 

      After a while Jim groaned and said,  "Baby I am about to come
where do you want it.?"

      Nancy didn't hesitate,  "In my ass Uncle, come in my ass please."

      It flooded out, down her leg. Her knees buckled and Jim had to hold
her up.  Slowly he withdrew his cock.  Nancy turned around and slid her
arms around him and kissed him deeply saying,  "Oh Uncle Jim, I loved
it all, thank you. Now I don't have a single cherry left. I just want to do it
all a whole lot more,   can we?"

      Jim laughed as he played with her big tits and he said,   "Yeah
sweetheart Anytime you want it, just don't tell your folks and we can do
this a lot.  You can come up here anytime and Liz and you and I will do
it all. Maybe bring in some other friends for you to enjoy. There are still
lots of things for you to try Nan."

      They climbed down the ladder just as it was getting dark.  Nancy
was naked, carrying her robe around her neck.  Jim was only
semi-dressed and the two of them walked arm in arm, Jim had a hand
full of tit. As they neared the house I went out to meet them. I was
smiling from ear to ear and I said,   "You two sure enjoyed it all, I
sneaked up the back way and watched it all. You both were fucking
great, or great fucking or both I guess."

      Nancy gushed out,  "Oh Liz his cock felt so good in my mouth, in
my cunt, in my ass.  I don't think I can ever leave you two."

      As we walked into the house I said,    "Darling, come up anytime,
it's only a few hours from your house to here.  But we have to talk about
how we don't make your folks suspicious.  I've been thinking about
it and this is what you say.  First when you get home tell them you have
gone wild about riding horses.  You don't have to mention the horses
are your Uncle Jim and I or that it's his cock and my tongue you are
crazy about riding.  As I said before, stop your public masturbating, at
least as far as they know, don't talk about sex at all in front of your
parents.  You are a hot little bitch and I don't think for a moment you
aren't going to find other cocks for your use or ladies tongues.  But you
have to act like you are no longer interested in sex since you found
horseback riding."

      "OK Aunt Liz I agree with all that.  I like the idea of other men and
other women as sex partners.  How do I do that with out suspicion?"

     Jim responded,   "You forget darling, we grew up in your town.  We
have a number of friends that you will enjoy.  And they will help you with
it all.  They will be crazy to have you to fuck."

      I spoke up saying, "Susan, my old college roommate, that I enjoy
sex with occasionally is there.  She is your high school girls coach.  She
loves sex every way but especially with young girls like you.  You can be
her manager for the team or something. It will gives you an excuse to
hang around with her after school and go on trips with the teams."

      Then Jim spoke up, "And I have friends who have offices in town.
They will do anything to fuck you once they see you.  Good guys too. 
So they can hire you after school and you can save your money for
"riding lessons" up here.  Other than that you can date but be careful,
only date guys your Dad likes.  You can fuck their heads off but be sure




 they know how to act around your folks."

      Dinner was ready and they sat down to eat.  The conversation was 
fun and after
dinner the three of us went to our big my bed stripping  the little we had
on as we
went. The night was spent trying it all.  At one point I strapped on a dildo
and as
Nancy straddled Jim's cock, I fucked her tight ass.

      We didn't bother to get dressed all the next day but spent most of
the time in sex
of one form or the other.  The next day Jim had to go to get back to
taking care of the
ranch at the far acreage leaving Nancy and I to play.  And we did. A mid
morning we
decided to go for a stroll outside for some fresh air.  We were both
naked and it felt
so sexy to walk along and stroke her beautiful bare body.   I led her to
the barn and
to our stallions stall.  As we got there I said, 

     "Want to see a really big cock?"

      She laughed and said, "Can I fuck it?"

               end part 3