Archive-name: 3plus/nancysan.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Two Girls Introduce a Young Student to Something New


I couldn't have predicted what was to happen, there was no warning.
My two friends, Bob and Anna, had introduced me to Nancy and Sandy
the previous week while I was helping to make some bookcases.  They
were pretty, but didn't impress.

Nancy surprised me with her call, asking to come over so we could 
make candles after I finished my evening work.  I baked bread at the
time, you see, so I could pay for those little extras that made
a college education fulfilling, like dope and gas money.  I'd bake 100 
or so loaves a night while studying.  Making bread involves a lot 
of waiting around for yeast to rise.  I think sex is a little like 
that, too, except for the waiting.  Nancy's call was a surprise because
I didn't think she was any more impressed with me than I was with her
and her friend.  But what the hell, the approach was unique and, 
besides, I figured candlemaking might be fun.

Does this sound corny to you, my friend?  I mean it's twenty years
later, the times are different and we don't do those things anymore
but, really, nobody'd think it wierd to have two girls over to make
candles twenty years ago.  Now it sounds like
a ridiculous come on.  Then, it was normal.  When I mentioned to 
some of folks  that Bob and Anna's friends were coming to make candles
tonight, nobody blinked, nobody got sarcastic, nobody cared.  It was	    
normal.

They showed up at nine, Nancy in jeans and a check shirt, Sandy in
virgin polyester.  They took over the front room and started cooking
paraffin, taking out boxes of equipment, dyes and things.  I quickly
realized I had no interest whatsoever in paraffin, dyes or candles.
Nancy, on the other hand, was more and more intriguing.  Somehow, our
bodies made contact a little more often than statistics would predict.
Her tits would brush, accidentally, on my arm as she turned.  She backed
her ass against me as I was pretending to be interested in melting
candlewax, and then did it again, without arousing Sandy's suspicion
as far as I could see.  

After an hour, a dozen "accidental" contacts, and several longing looks,
my body temperature had gone up a few degrees, my cock was sensitive 
and getting hot, and, fool that I was, I couldn't figure out what to do.
I mean, what to do about Sandy?

OK, OK, let's remember now.  I was 20 or so, hard core was hard to find,
group sex was something you read about but didn't do, and, mostly, I
didn't have much of an imagination.  What I wanted to do was get rid of
Sandy.  Politely.

Now. The candles are made, and I'm sitting on the couch, Nancy to my right,
Sandy at the left.  Sandy leaves the room.  Nancy reaches, over, feels my
cock harden in my jeans.  I kiss her fully, try to ingest her mouth.  Her
tits feel soft, not real firm, under her blouse, in one of those bras which
don't feel like they're armor plated.  Nancy lets air out in a long sigh
as I let my hands wander over her, exploring her shape.  She whispers,
"I want you now".

"What about Sandy?"

"Don't worry about her.  Eat me, now, please.  I can't wait."

I couldn't believe what I was doing.  I fumbled around with her buttons
and belt.  Nancy couldn't wait, popped her jean buttons in two seconds,
dropped them off one leg, letting the jeans stay hanging on the left leg.
I hit the floor and ran my hands over her legs.  They were firm.  I love
women who walk, or run, or for whatever reason have firm legs.  Nancy's
were perfect.  Her pussy was wet right to the surface.  I spread the lips
with my hand, and tentatively licked from the middle to the top.  Her clit
sprang to attention as I worked it up and down with my tongue.  Nancy's
stomach began to quiver and her groin absolutely vibrated as she fought
against losing contact with my mouth while trying to move.  I burrowed my
mouth against her pussy, trying to take it all in the way I ate her mouth.

I was grinding my face against Nancy's cunt when I remembered Sandy.  Where
was she?  I moved up against Nancy's ear and whispered to her.  "Baby, we 
need some time to ourselves.  I can give Sandy my car and..."
  "No, we'll get together later."

Nancy rearranged herself quickly as Sandy nonchalantly re-entered.

  "Having fun, guys?"

  "Serious fun."  I must have looked stupid with Nancy dripping off my
chin, but I didn't care.

 I walked them out to their car, and Nancy turned around for a quick
hip grind as I kissed her.  My hands explored her ass under the jeans.
We made a date for the next day, 6 p.m.  I would pick her up.  No bread
tomorrow.

Back in my room, laying on my back in bed, I thought about Nancy.  My
cock was still ready for her, but she was gone.  I thought about her
straddling me the next night, moving forward and back as fast as she 
could, panting in rhythm to her motions.  My hand traveled down to 
my rod as I daydreamed, stroking at first slowly, then more quickly.
I varied the pace and motion two or three times, then abandoned myself
to the sensation as I thought about Nancy sliding her tongue along the
front of my dick, Nancy deep throating me, Sandy sitting on my face.

Wait a minute.  Sandy?  It's Nancy I'll see tomorrow.  Now that would be 
fun.

As usual, Hoiker, you're ten minutes late and a dollar short.  But more 
about this later.

I showed up at Nancy and Sandy's house trailer the next day, loaded for
Nancy.  They were laying sod on the front walk.  

"Hey", I protested, "I thought we were going to go for a drive."

"Come on in.  We have to talk."

We sat down in the trailer living room.  Sandy sat next to me.  Nancy
straddled a chair a few feet away.

Nancy began.  "I screwed up last night.  I can't go out with you, hoiker."

"You seemed to think differently last night", 	I protested.

"That was last night.  I was a little out of control.  But I can't go
out with you and I have a reason.  You see, I'm married."  She pointed
at her roommate.  "To Sandy."

Now, most of you are thinking, All right, this is more than a bit contrived.
But I swear to you, folks, this really happened.  I've changed the names
and perked up some of the details to make this just a bit more appealing
to your prurient interest, but read on, folks, this is semi-autobiographical.

I nonchalantly did  a very long take, trying to figure out how to react.
This was a mistake.  Over the years I've discovered you rarely fuck
up when you think with your cock.  It was time for some zen and I was
trying to analyze.  After a while I managed to smile a little, and said,
"That's cool.  After the initial shock goes, it seems pretty normal.  But
tell me, what was last night about.  I'm sooooo confused."

Sandy began running a nail along the nape of my neck.  My confusion
was increasing.  So was my cock, but I didn't notice it.  I told
you I'm a little slow on the uptake.  "We both want you", she nibbled
into my ear.  

Nancy got up and went into their undersized bedroom, its lone piece
of furniture being a king sized mattress on the floor.  Sandy began
running her hands under my shirt and kissing along the line of my neck
to my ear.  "We love each other very much, but every so often we decide
it's time for a man.  You are a man, aren't you?", she murmurred.  By
this time her hands gave her an answer which seemed to satisfy her as
she ran them under the waistband of my jeans into my crotch.  She went 
right past the cock and cupped my balls, then slid her palm up and over the
top of my shaft.  By this time I could feel every movement of her hand
as if it were her cunt around my rod.  I didn't dare move, except to
cup her tits, which were firmer than Nancy's.

Sandy pushed me back onto the couch and open my pants, freeing my hard
cock.  "I guess you are!" she grinned as the tip of her tongue began
to tease me at the tip.  She took my penis in both hands as if it were
an object of wonder and then ran her tongue and lips slowly over that
vein which marks the sensitive area along the bottom.

Her mouth explored my dick from top to bottom, then she began to lick
between my balls and ass, sending me  into another dimension.  I began
to  doubt that any of this was real.  Somehow all our clothes fell off
and we fell to the floor, kissing and feeling all over.  My hand traced
the line of her hips around to her ass as I sucked on first one nipple, 
then another as they sprang to attention.  She seemed to love having her
breasts sucked, more than most women. I slid my mouth down along her stomach,
sliding my hands all over her legs and around her protruding mons.  Her
breath came a bit more quickly.  She inhaled as I gently traced the line
of her cunt, then around the outside of the raised organ.  "You're
gorgous," I managed between mouthfulls of pubic hair.

"I bet you say that to all the girls."  she winked at me.

"Where's Nancy?".  That's me, always curious, never paying attention to 
the matter at hand, - or mouth.

An extra hand reached around me and began stroking my dick, giving me
all the answer I needed.  I took a deep breath and parted Sandy's cunt
lips, seeking her clit.  She thrust forward helpfully as I ground the flat
of my tongue around her raised clit, causing her to cry out, then
breathe raggedly.  Her stomach quivered as I found, lost, then found
her center of attention.  Nancy thrust her tongue into my ass.  I reached   
back and grabbed for her soft tits.  I couldn't reach but pushed her face
farther into me.

Sandy began crawling on her back towards the bedroom, me following, nose
first. Nancy got up and led us in.  In the bedroom, Nancy took Sandy
in her arms and they began to kiss, passionately, their legs scissoring
as they maneuvered their sexes into contact.  I stroked them both, tracing
the size of their cunts and comparing.  Nancy was full, almost matronly, 
and completely moist.  Sandy's mons was smaller, the blond hair thinner,
the lips also wet.  

Nancy pushed me gently on my back.  Sandy swung her leg over me, positioning
her pussy over my ready cock.  She helped me in with one hand, then reached
over to stroke Nancy's cunt with the other.  Nancy sat on my face, facing
Sandy, as Sandy began moving forward and back as fast as she could.  I 
couldn't keep pace with her and concentrate on Nancy's cunt at the same
time, so I just sucked and licked for all I was worth and enjoyed the
motions of Sandy's pussy as she motored over me.  

The two girls were kissing passionately, Nancy pinching Sandy's nipples
as the blonde hung on to her lover's shoulders for support, gyrating
wildly on my cock.  I couldn't breathe and didn't care.  This was heaven!
I began to move my hips and legs, vectoring the friction from Sandy's cunt.
Nancy climbed off and began to finger her own cunt, watching us.  I 
sat up, slipping out of Sandy and crawling over to Nancy.  Nancy got 
on her hands and knees.  I licked her ass and pussy from behind, then
mounted her like a horse.  She was as ready as if we'd been at it for
an hour, wet and open.  I thrust in and out, motioning Sandy over.
The blonde stood over me, offering her cunt.  I took her thighs and
licked, but the angle just wasn't there.  Sandy then crawled under me
and began licking us both.

I couldn't control my head, it was shaking right to left to right.  I
came, pulling out of Nancy.  Sandy took my shooting dick straight on,
swallowing what she could, juices from both of us on her face.  Nancy
fell over and seemed to push her face into Sandy's Pussy.  Sandy began
to shake and came almost immediately.

"Well, what do you think, hon?", asked Nancy, after we caught our 
breath and relaxed a bit.  "Is this a man, or what?"

Sandy grinned. "Whatever it is, I like it...almost as much as you,
lover."

Lord, I love a party.

--
