(c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.


SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS


                         NANCY (teen incest mf ff)
			
				by Drifter

	                 Our Innocent Young Niece

        	          4 - Expanded Horizons

      I opened the stall door and then closed it behind us saying, 

     "Well I think you may change your mind when you see this guys monster."

      We petted Dan, our stallion.  When we bred him it was my job to get him
ready, to wash his cock good. Dan was accustomed to me handling his huge
cock.  I knelt down and slid my hand up and began to stroke his cock as I
always did when I wanted it to come out.  I loved playing with it and frequently
jacked him off until he came.  As Nancy knelt beside me to watch,  it began to
slide out of its sheath quickly and I wet my hand and began to jack him off.
Nancy laughed and said, 

     "Let me" 

     I moved my hand and she copied what I had been doing.  She could barely
reach around it it was so thick and it was a good 18 inches long.  As she
continued to play with it I knew she was getting extremely worked up. She
moaned and said, 

     "Oh shit I wish I could get this in me.  What a cock."

      I remembered how it had affected me the first time Jim had showed it to
me.  I had wanted it too.  Later enjoyed a little game that no one knew about. 
Now I stood up and pulled the bench over under Dan.  Nancy watched
curiously as I lay on my back under Dan.  From where I lay Dan's cock
brushed against my wet cunt.  I reached up and caught the head of it and
began rubbing it up and down my wet cunt from my ass hole to my clit.  I loved
the way it felt and I could just barely get the first inch of it in me.  I hunched
against it as it slipped in and out that delicious one inch.  As I knew it would, it
slowly went in another inch but that was it.  Dan was snorting, wanting more.

      Nancy squeeled, "Oh let me try."

      I moved and Nancy quickly repeated what I had done until she was
whimpering and hunching against Dan's monster cock.  It slipped inside her
vagina a little.  She was pressing against it as she moaned, 

     "Oh shit I want it in me.  I want to feel this monster cock all the way in my
cunt."

     Dan moved a little and Nancy let out a cry as his cock slipped another inch
inside.  I couldn't believe it.  She had more in her cunt than I had ever been
able to.  She spread her legs as wide as she could get them and pulled her
feet under her ass and pressed hard against Dan.  I couldn't believe it but
slowly Dan's cock was slipping inside Nancy's hot wet cunt. It took a few
minutes but soon she had aboput 10 or 11 inches in her teen age cunt.  Nancy
screamed, 

     "Oh shit Liz, It is in all the way I can take it. Oh fuck it feels great, it is
about to split me open but I love it." 

     As she said that she started hunching letting Dan's long cock go in and out
in long strokes. She was crying with pleasure as she hunched faster and faster
and then she screamed and came in a explosion. Shortly She rolled out from
under Dan weakly and said, 

     "Oh Liz I loved it, you got to take it in all the way in. Do it now.  It only
hurts a little and only for a second then it is dynamite."

      I was so hot from watching her that I was in her place in a flash and as
she said it was dynamite.  I never had the guts to push that hard before
watching Nancy do it.  Now I loved the way it stretched me. I began to hunch
taking it in and out of my cunt as far as it could go. Nancy said I had 12 inches
of Dan's big cock buried in me.  When I came I almost passed out.

      Later as we walked shakily to the house having jacked Dan off until he
shot his load and was calm again, we leaned into each other and then Nancy
said, 

     "Can you believe we both just fucked a horse?"

      I laughed and said, "And I plan on doing it again soon"

                    *****

      We showered and collapsed on the bed to sleep.  That night we didn't tell
Jim about fucking Dan but Jim's cock still felt wonderful to both of us.  Nancy
was now sleeping with us in our king size bed.  During the night I woke enough
to hear Nancy saying, 

     "Wake up Uncle Jim, I need to be fucked."  

     I smiled thinking how much she was like me.

      The next day I awoke to find Nancy eating my cunt expertly.  Later we got
out of bed and showered and slipped into jeans and thin t-shirts.  Jim had left
for the fields again and after breakfast I told Nancy we were going to see our
neighbors.  Our neighbors had the ranch next to us. He was a bachelor and he
had a couple of young ranch hands.  I had on occasion, "visited" the three of
them.  Usually when Jim was out of town and I got horny.  As we drove I told
Nancy about fucking all three of them at the same time. One in my ass, one in
my mouth and one in my cunt.  She squeeled telling me to drive faster.

      The three men were working out beside the barn.  It was a hot day and
they were stripped to the waist.  Nancy moaned her approval. I drove directly
to where they were.  We got out of the car and the guys looked Nancy over
appreciatively.  I walked up to each and gave them a brief hug and deep kiss.  
Bill our rancher neighbor smiled and said, 

     "Well Liz what can we do for you and your friend, not sure how to act
with your neice here."

      Nancy surprised me by saying, "Is it true that all three of you guys fucked
my aunt at the same time?"

      Toby, one of the hands, said, "It's true, want to watch?"

      Nancy had unbuttoned her blouse and now she let it drop as she said, 

     "Fuck no Toby, I want the three of you to do it to me."

      Shortly they did, Toby in her ass and Bill in her cunt as she was sucking
Waynes cock eagerly. She later watched as I had my turn.  As we drove home
much later she said, 

     "Wow Aunt Liz.  I knew you and Uncle Jim were neat but I never knew how
neat.  You guys really know how to live.  Does Uncle Jim know about Bill, Toby
and Wayne fucking you?"

      I smiled and answered, 

     "Yes he does.  He watched it one day with binoculars.  Bill and the guys
don't know he knows though.  Jim likes to watch me get fucked. I am debating
about showing him how I can now fuck Dan."

      We all seemed insatiable.  That night Jim again pleased us both several
times.  It seemed the more we did it the more we wanted it.  Then just before
we went to sleep Jim mentioned he had to leave town for a couple of days. I
got up and quietly called Susan, my old college roommate and lover.

      The next morning Jim had left and Nancy and I were still lingering over
coffee when Susan walked in the door.  She was still athletic appearing with a
great body and darling features. I stood up and took her in my arms and kissed
her deeply.  Letting my tongue roam the way she liked it.  My hands were all
over her caressing and enjoying the feel of her, especially her nice tits..  In
a moment she broke the kiss and sighed and then glancing at Nancy she
whispered, 

     "Am I to assume you have initiated that stunning young woman.  You
certainly aren't hiding anything from her."

      She glanced down at my hand that was squeezing and rolling her full
breasts.    I laughed and said, 

     "Susan darling meet Nancy my neice, who by the way lives in your town
and will be graduating this year from your high school.  Yes Nancy and I have
enjoyed all there is to enjoy."

      For the next half hour we related every detail of all we had done with each
other, with Jim, with Dan, with Toby, Bill and Wayne. I had been slowly
undressing Susan and Nancy joined me kissing and sucking on Susan's tits. 
Then she dropped to her knees and slid Susan's panties down nuzzling her
cunt with her nose and lips. Then Nancy pulled Sue to the floor and was eating
Susan eagerly.

     Well the next two days we enjoyed each other a lot, we had Bill, Toby and
Wayne come over that night for an orgy and the next morning, before Sue had
to leave, we all three of us fucked Dan. 

      When Sue left she and Nancy had made arrangements to get together.
Nancy was going to be her athletic manager and they could go on trips
together for "games" or to "scout a team."  I was envious but then realized
I could join them anytime I wished.

      Jim returned the next day and we enjoyed him even more than before. 
After some great sex between the three of us we relaxed and Nancy and I
filled JIm in on all that had transpired except for the story about Dan.  I was
saving that.  Jim had been to his old home town to take care of some family
business.  I asked how Joy was, his younger sister.  He laughed and said, 

     "Fine, she damn near killed me.  Boy she loves to fuck and suck cock."

      Nancy squeeled, "You fuck your sister, my aunt Joy?  Far out Uncle Jim. 
Mom would have a fucking cow."

      The next day was Nancy's last day with us for a while.  She had to go
back for the start of school.  We awoke and Jim had taken the day off and be
with us.  We started the day by Jim fucking each of us thoroughly.  Then
Nancy and I ate each other in 69 fashion.  Then Nancy said to me,  

     "Lets show Jim"

      I looked at her not sure what she meant, then she said simply, 

      "Dan"

      Jim looked quisically.  I laughed and said, 

     "Jim darling, we have a surprise for you.  I hope you are ready for this.  It
is far out."

      All three of us bare ass we led Jim to the barn.   As we entered the stall
Dan became excited. We tied him securely so he couldn't move as usual and
then Nancy placed the stool under him.  Dan's monster cock slid out of it's
sheath hard and ready.  He knew what was coming.  Nancy slid under Dan
and she caught his cock in her hands and began rubbing it over her cunt.  
She went crazy each time she fucked Dan and now she was moaning and
talking to herself about "want this big cock deep in my cunt."  She got her self
positioned and began to ease it into herself slowly.

      Jim and I were watching.  He looked at me and said, 

     "Can she really get that cock inside her cunt?"

      I answered, "She can darling, or at least about 9 or 10 inches of  it.  What
do you think?"  

     I noticed his cock was big and hard.  It excited him to watch Nancy take
Dan's cock. He said, 

     "Wow, I wouldn't have believed it.  It is really wild."

      Nancy was pushing hard as inch after inch entered her.  She was
whimpering and crying out with pain and pleasure as she impaled herself on
this horse's cock.  When it was all the way in she rested briefly and then
was fucking it like crazy, moaning and screaming as it slipped in and out
her full depth.

      Jim turned to me and smiled and asked 

     "Can you do that too?"

     I caught his cock in my hand and stroked him as I answered, 

     "I can.  I didn't know it until Nancy did it.  I had to try it too and it is an
experience."

      Then Jim said, "I want to watch you fuck Dan's cock."

      Nancy screamed as she came for a long time.

      When she rolled out from under Jim I eagerly took her place and soon I
had Dan's cock deep in my hot wet eager pussy as Jim watched.  I went crazy
from that big cock stretching my cunt. I forgot about Jim.  When I recovered
after coming so wildly I almost fainted I crawled out and Jim caught me in his
arms.

      He said, "That is wild.  I loved watching the two of you fucking Dan's big
cock.  What is it like?"

      I replied, "Totally different from a man.  It so big.  I prefer your cock darling
but Dan is a wild ride occasionally."

      Nancy had dropped to her knees in front of Jim and had taken his hard
cock in her mouth passionately.  As she sucked his cock I kissed him hotly. 
After he flooded Nancy's mouth we strolled back to the house and our bed.

      Nancy left the next day but with promises to return soon.

               end part 4