Archive-name: Affairs/nancy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Nancy


Nancy is my current squeeze's ex-roomate from college. Nancy was a graduate 
student (30) while Karen was an undergrad (24). Many of Karen's friends are 
bright, earthy, funny people but Nancy and I had a special bond between us. 
Being the same age we had gone through some of the same changes at the same 
time and shared some of the same experiences and outlooks that separated us 
from people just five or six years younger. 

I'm up in this very small town in the western tier of New York State in the 
town where they attend art school. I visit once every month or so, Karen comes 
downstate once a semester and in between we spend long hours on the phone, 
occasionally fantasizing verbally, each of us getting off on long distance so 
to speak. 

Karen and I spend our time making love, visitng friends and attending the ever 
present art shows in town. But most of two days Karen is in class and her 
studio. She would get up by 7AM and be gone a good part of the day. I'd make 
dinner for them (THESE WOMEN LIVED ON TAB AND CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES AND PIZZA 
IN NORMAL TIMES). 

Late on Saturday morning I was in the kitchen doing last night's dishes, alone 
in the house, or so I thought. My clothes had mostly been stashed in the 
laundry so I'm standing around in my jockey shorts and a t-shirt at the sink. 
Down the stairs and into the kitchen comes Nancy. 5'6', long brown hair, 
strong taut legs and ass and small breasts. She's wearing a very sleek danskin 
and running shorts. She looks at me smiles and says, "You look much better 
with your pants off." 

She has a look in her eye that I've seen before and every time I've seen it 
and realized what it is and let things happen, I've been the better for it. 
The danskin is more than sheer enough so that her nipples are very visible, 
especially from only three feet away. I can't resist holding my gaze for a 
second or two. She smiles, laughs, keeps looking me straight in the eye. 

There's nothing to say. I turn around, me each toe one step forward, and we're 
kissing. She's very good, lips against mine, tongues almost immediately 
slipping into each other's mouths. My hands reach behind for her ass, her 
around my back. 

I stroke the crack of her ass, reaching, if I could, to slide completely under 
her. We stand this way for five minutes until she reaches around and gently 
grabs my cock thru my shorts and squeezes. She looks me in the eye again and 
my knees get weak with her fingers wrapped around my dick. I thank God(dess) 
for the simple pleasures of assertive women. 

Nancy leans against me, I quickly brush my hand across her breasts, she 
stiffens slightly. We walk arm in arm into the living room. She leads me 
toward the couch. She slides my shorts off and throws them across the floor. 
She takes off her own and joins me on the couch. We sit facing each other, my 
hand sliding over and over the ass and crotch of her danskin, she slowly 
pumping my cock. Nancy pushes me back on the couch and slides down to the 
floor, kneeling between my legs. 

She kisses my cock and then takes it in her mouth, sucking and tonguing the 
head and just below, slowly. She gradually takes more in and I spread my legs 
further. I can feel her tongue constantly sliding across and over the 
underside of my cock. I can see she's moved her free hand down beneath her 
legs, rubbing her clit from outside of the danskin. 

Its not just the feel of her mouth, not quite the same as a vagina but with 
the special difference of a tongue. It's the sound. I'm not one of those 
people who finds lovemaking awkward and messy. Its incredible and the wet 
slurping sound of Nancy sucking me is very loud in this empty house in a quiet 
town. After ten minutes the sounds and the feeling are getting to be too much. 
I can feel a load, apressure in my balls. I'm not sitting still anymore and my 
back is starting to arch. Nancy feels it and sucks a bit harder concentrating 
on just the spot I need. She's geeting high too, rubbing her clit, taken up 
with her long time joy for giving head, knowing that she's about finish off 
another. 

Just then she starts to stroke my cock with hard long handstrokes tip to balls 
and I shoot. Cum on my stomach and chest, the rush of feeling it spurt out. 
She licks it and sucks, working on me slowly until I'm totally done. 

She crawls up into my lap, rubbing herself against me, nuzzling, biting my 
ears. I reach for the shoulder straps and slowly peel off the danskin. 

She asks how long till I'll be ready again. Five or ten minutes I reply. I'm 
not sixteen anymore. 

Now she sits forward on the couch, heels up on the edge of the seat, spread 
enough for me to sit by her side, facing her and begin fingering her. She's 
very wet. She responds to just one finger inserted into her wet cunt. One arm 
around her shoulders, kissing, the other hand in her vagina and softly 
stroking her clit. She has her ass planted firmly on the couch next to me but 
she's moving against my hand. Slow hand, long fingers, tracing lines up and 
down the walls of her cunt, sliding in and out, pulling out sometimes and 
rubbing over the lips. She whispers for me to go a little bit faster, then 
almost immediately asks in a normal  louder voice, "Little bit faster, little 
bit deeper, babe, just keep it goin." 

Now it's the sound of my finger sliding in and out of her. Faster, she reaches 
down, close to her end, she wants it just the exact way she needs it, she 
holds my hand and makes the extra change she needs. 

Nancy's back arched and she came loudly. There was no one in the house and she 
was going to take advantage of it. She shook for I don't know how long in my 
arms as I held her. I kissed her hair and face and licked off the sweat as she 
slowly came down. Two finger rested inside her for a long time afterward. 

--
