(c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS


               NANCY (teen incest mf ff)

			by Drifter

               Our Innocent Young Niece

                 5 - The Old Homestead

      Two weeks later Clair called and Jim and I both were on the phone  as
she said, 

     "You two performed some kind of a minor miracle.  Nancy has stopped
misbehaving, her grades are excellent.  She is the manager for the high school
basketball team, she has a part time job two days a week, and she is dating
several of the nicest boys in town. She is a pleasure to be with.  She always
has this positive glow about her.  Getting her into horseback riding was a
brilliant move. She is a very happy, satisfied young woman."

      I thanked her for her kind words and said, 

     "It is amazing how happy we women are when we are well satisfied in
our lives."

      Clair agreed and said, "Nancy said you guys said it was OK for her
to come up anytime.  She seems very eager to get back up there to ride."

      I replied, "Send her up any time.  There is a big stallion and a mare she
likes to ride up here so please send her up anytime. I even think the horses
are missing her.  She did take great care of them while she was here."

      Then Nancy came on the phone. We chatted innocently for a moment then
Nancy said, 

     "OK they finally left the house.  I gotta tell you two, I have been having a
ball.  Mom and Dad are convinced I am perfect but if they only knew.   Well
Sue and I are together every day. I love the way she eats my pussy.  And I am
dating these four guys now in high school and fucking all four of them.  Each of
them think they are the only guy who ever fucked me.  Coy and I are eating each
other regularly as well as she and I both fuck her boy friend in a threesome.  I got a
job with your friend and we fuck every time I go by there.

      It was especially fun the way it started with the guys in high school.  I picked up
with a fairly quiet guy first that Dad likes a lot.  We dated and he held my hand and
kissed me goodnight. I wanted to go down on him so bad that first night on the porch
but I waited.  After a few dates we went parking out at the lake. After some hot
necking where he was french kissing me pretty good. I was hot as hell and dying to
fuck.  I asked him if he ever had a girl. He replied in a bit of a huff that he sure had,
several. I told him I was a virgin but that I was real curious about sex. That I planned
on "doing it" before I got married.

      He was hot as hell and his cock stood up pretty good in his pants. He kissed me
and I felt his hands cup both of my big breasts. When I didn't resist he broke the kiss
and said, 

     "I love your breasts Nancy.  Boy are they big and nice.  I love to play with them, I
hope it feels good to you too."

      I smiled and told him it felt good.  Particularly when he touched my nipples. 
Then I felt his hand start under my sweater.  I stopped him and said, 

     "Maybe I ought to take the sweater off. You might stretch it and then Mom might
wonder."

     I slipped it over my head. Without waiting I unhooked my bra and dropped it as
his hands found my bare breasts.  He kissed me and sucked on my nipples and I was
now really dying to have his cock in me. 

     He broke for a moment telling me how great I was and how much he enjoyed my
breasts.  I laughed and kissed him and said, 

     "I love the way you play with them, Bobby."  

     He continued to play with them as he said, 

     "Nancy, my cock is so fucking hard" 
 
     He caught my hand and put it on his hard cock.  I wrapped my fingers around it
and he was well equipped.  Not like Jim or Dan, but OK. After playing with him for
awhile I said,  

     "Can I see it?"  

     He had it out in a flash.  As I stroked him he moaned with pleasure.  After a
moment I said, 

     "I saw this xxx-rated movie at my uncles house this summer.  They did everything.
This girl sucked this guys cock and he fucked her vagina and then in her backside.  It
was wild.  He went down on her too. Some day I think I want to do all of that."

      He almost had a stroke but he said, 

     "Nancy I would love to do all that stuff too.  I have done some of it.  Oral sex and
straight fucking.  It all sounds great to me too.  I looked at his cock and licked my lips
hungrily.   He picked up fast and caught my head and pulled it down to his cock as
he said, 

     "Here try giving head."

     Then I gave him the blow job of his life.  After I sucked him dry  he said, 

     "Shit Nancy, I've never had it that good before, you are a natural."  

     I was sitting up with his cock still in my hand.  I said, 

     "I loved doing it.  It felt and tasted good.  I think I am going to like sex."

      He smiled and said "Can I return the favor.  girls tell me they love being eaten
and I like eating pussy a lot."

      I slid my panties off and spread my legs as I lay back in the seat. He ate me
good, making me come several times.  When he raised his head I pulled him up on
top of me and we kissed and talked.  I felt his hard cock pressing against my cunt.  I
wondered what was stopping him from putting it in me.   Then I said, 

     "Oh Bobby, you are a great teacher. I have loved all you have taught me.  I
wonder what the rest of it feels like."

      He was sweet and he said, "Nancy I am dying to fuck you. I want to be the first
guy in your cunt, are you ready for it now"

      I sighed and answered, "I don't know Bobby, will you still like me if I let you fuck
me."

      He swore he would and I spread my legs wider and said, "Put it in just a little
OK? I am dying to know what it feels like."

      He raised up and I felt the head of his cock barely start in my steaming cunt.  I
couldn't resist I pulled him hard into me, his cock sinking in to the hilt.  I came
immediately.  He was busy apologizing saying he must have slipped, thinking he did
it.  I smiled and said, 

     "It's OK Bobby baby.  It felt real good. Since you already fucked me once maybe
you could fuck me some more."  

     He was very good and I enjoyed it a lot.  He lasted forever and I came many
times before he did. Since that night he has also fucked my ass, which he thought
was his idea. My folks think he is such a nice boy.  So do I.  He is over the house a
lot.  In fact my parents talk about how they don't worry when I am with him.  They
leave us alone at home a lot and we fuck up a storm.  Bobby has fucked me in every
room in the house and in the back yard and garage.    I think the man next door
suspects.  I may have to fuck him too.

      The other high school guys were very similar. They all have nice cocks and are
getting better at using them as we practice it all. Liz one night my folks were gone all
night and I sneaked each of the four guys into the house without the others knowing
it.  I went from room to room fucking all of them over and over all night. Then I snuck
them each out.  I would rather had all four of them at once but guess I'll have to wait
on Bill and Toby and Wayne.

      Your friend I work for Jim,  You had talked to him and when I showed up he
really looked me over.  I think he thought you might be playing a trick on him.  He
said you told him I would work well for him and would do anything he wanted.  I told
him that was true. He couldn't keep his eyes off my tits and then he said,

      "Sweetheart, Jim intimated a lot of things that would be just too good to be true."

      I smiled at him and I couldn't resist blowing his mind so I said 

      "Tom, I just spent the summer with Liz and Jim.  In that time my Uncle Jim
fucked me at least 100 times.  He fucked my hot wet cunt until I cried and came over
and over.  He fucked my eager mouth and came with more than I could swallow.  He
fucked me in my ass hole over and over and I loved it. He fucked me between my big
tits, coming all over my face.  He ate my young pussy til I screamed.  He taught me
to love sex in all forms.  Is that what he intimated Tom.  Now that I am home I need
someone to take Uncle Jim's place. Would you like that job?"  

     He was smiling from ear to ear and his cock was hard.  I locked the door and in
the next two hours we did it all and he was great. Thanks Uncle Jim.

      The other night I had been thinking of how good more than one cock felt in me at
the same time.  Tim is one of the guys I date regularly, one of the four I fuck
regularly.  We have double dated with Coy and Jack some.     They would be fucking
in the back seat while Tim and I were doing it in the front seat. We have watched
them quite a bit.  I like watching too.  Well he has hinted that he would like to fuck
Coy.  Since I already am fucking Coy and Jack I thought this would be a good way to
get two great cocks in me at the same time. A good beginning.  Remember Tim
thinks he is the only guy I've ever fucked.

      I talked to Jack and Coy and they thought it would be fun to "Let Tim talk his way
into a foursome."   The guys picked us up this afternoon.  Well as we normally
headed for the parking area as soon as it was dark.  But today we were out on this
deserted road by the lake mid afternoon.  As usual we were all bareass quickly and
engaged.  This afternoon I was going down on Tim.   Coy and Jack stopped to watch.

I heard Coy encouraging me.  When Tim came in my mouth I took it all down and
then let his cock go free. When I noticed the audience I pretended to be
embarrassed.  Coy joined us in the back seat and "comforted" me.  I still had Tim's
cock in my hand and Coy laughed and said, 

     "I notice you haven't turned loose of Tim's fine big cock."

     I pretended to be even more embarrassed.  Coy put her hand on top of mine on
Tim's cock and she said, 

     "Honey don't be embarrassed. Look I love to play with a guy's cock too. Here
move your hand and let me show you." 

      Now she began jacking Tim off slowly.  I looked at Tim and smiled  and said, 

     "Do you like Coy playing with your cock honey?"

      Tim smiled and said, "It's great, wouldn't it be great if we all did it together. I
mean how would you like to mess around with Jack while Coy and I did it."

      I smiled, "You mean I should fuck Jack and you fuck Coy, we should switch.  Do
you really want me to fuck another guy.  I thought you wanted to be the only guy to
fuck me."

      Coy was really pulling on his big hard cock and he said, 

     "Baby I think you would enjoy trying a new cock.  I bet Jack is a great fuck."

      Coy smiled and said, "He is great Nancy, you ought to try him"

      Jack spoke up and said, "Hell Nancy, I would love to fuck a great body like
yours.  I ve watched Tim fuck your ass and I would love to try it.  Hell I would love to
try all your stuff."

      Then I said, "It might be fun.  I do like watching Coy play with your cock Tim."

      Coy smiled and said, "Watch this", and she went down on Tim.

      Jack crawled across and I felt his familiar hands on my tits. He  whispered 

     "You are a great fucking actress, you even have me convinced."

      Tim watched as I began to play with Jack's hard cock and he said,
     
      "That's the way Nancy.  Don't you want to fuck Jack?"

      I replied, "It does sound hot.  In that movie two guys fucked this girl at the same
time.  I kinda like that idea."

      Tim smiled, "Sounds like fun doesn't it"

      In only moments Coy was sitting on one side of the back seat and me the other. 
Tim was between her spread legs fucking her mightily and Jack was doing the same
to me.  Then I got on top of Jack and I heard Coy say, 

     "Now Tim, fuck Nancy's ass while Jack is in her cunt." 

      It was great, since then we have doubled like that some more. I am planning a
party next time the folks are gone with three couples.  I want every hole busy.

                    *****

      Well it seems like we have helped to create a greedy little sex fiend in our Nancy.

I can hardly wait until she comes back to the ranch next time.

                    end part 5
