(c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL  -  NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS


               NANCY (teen incest mf ff)

			by Drifter

               Our Innocent Young Niece

         Part 2 -  New Beginnings

       She saw my glance at her swollen nipples and said,  "Liz, I can't
seem to help it.  Every time something touches my nipples they get hard
and swollen like that and so sensitive.  I love the feelings that that gives
me but it also confuses me.  Mom won't even talk to me about it.  Is it
weird Liz?"

     I swallowed hard and wondered how far to take this.  I then thought,
"Oh to hell with it, the kid needs to know about sex and the pleasures of
it."  I was sure Clair had warned her of all the dangers. 

     "Darling Nancy it's OK.  Almost all women and some men react the
same way.  Our nipples are meant to give us great pleasure as well as
to nurse babies.  Some women get sexual pleasure from it all.  You will
find your Uncle Jim and I very broad minded.  We think sex is a lot of
fun and very healthy."

     She smiled as if relieved and her fingers came to her nipples and
with the thumb and forefinger of each hand she caught both petulant
nipples and slowly rolled and toyed with herself.  As she did she
moaned softly with the pleasure and said softly,   "Oh damn aunt Liz, it
feels so good when I do this, but Mom says I  shouldn't touch my
nipples or my clitoris like this."

     I sighed audibly, watching her play with herself had a strong impact
on me.  I smiled and said,   "Nancy, Clair means well, she wants the
best for you and I guess when it's your daughter it is harder to talk about
sex.  I have to tell you, what you are now experiencing is perfectly
natural.  Most women and men masturbate. It is considered healthy. 
Later, when you find suitable partners, then lots of other sex acts will
come into it and you may find you masturbate less. Don't tell your Mom
but I still enjoy masturbating occasionally even though Jim and I have a
very active and varied sex life.  Hell baby my nipples are as hard as
yours are right now."

     With an innocence that was disconcerting she reached over with one
hand and caught one of my nipples the same way she had been playing
with hers.  I couldn't hold back the involuntary moan of pleasure.  As
she touched my nipple,  first I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling,
then I thought, "handle this carefully, don't screw this kid up."        After
a few seconds she said,   "Oh Liz, you enjoy it too. Sometimes I suck on
my nipples.  It feels so good that I actually get off doing it. Would you
like for me to show you?"

     I leaned over and kissed her cheek lightly.  She had no idea how I
wanted her lips on my nipples.  My hand slid up over her tummy and
cupped one of her full breasts.  I squeezed it gently them with a force of
will I didn't think I had I removed my hand.   Using all of my will power to
not encourage her as I said,  "Not right now sweetheart." 

      And I moved her fingers from my nipple and smiled at her and said,  
 "Nan that feels great, I don't really want you to stop but we do need to
talk and I can't think straight when you do that."

     She smiled and hugged me again and said,   "Oh aunt Liz, thank
you. I was feeling really weird the way Mom  was acting." 

     Then she laid back and spread her legs baring these beautiful
neither lips of her cunt.  Her fingers parted the fold and raised the hood
baring her large erect clitoris and she began to stroke it, flinching
physically with the pleasure.  Again the powerful effect of this young girl,
playing with herself so openly, so naturally, almost overwhelmed me.  I
had made love for years with my college room mate on those nights
when men were not readily available. In fact Sue and I were still in touch
and she visited Jim and I occasionally. Jim loved to watch us make love. 
He also enjoyed fucking Susan while I watched. Now as I watched
Nancy masturbate I wanted to go down on that sweet young cunt of hers
the way I do with Susan, and show her how two women can enjoy
each other too.   I licked my lips hungrily as I looked at her pretty cunt
and smelled her pungent aroma.

     But instead I stood up and said to her,   "Darling, masturbating
should be done alone or with someone you love and are very intimate
with.  I think I should leave you alone to enjoy what you are doing."  

     What she said next really shook me. She replied,  "Aunt Liz, I love
you and I feel like I can say or do anything with you, isn't that intimacy? 
Besides I like it when you watch me, it makes it even better, somehow I
feel I want to touch you and have you touch me.  Is that wrong Liz?"

     "No....., no baby, it isn't wrong,  at least I don't think it is wrong.
There are some things you need to understand and we will talk about
them. Some people can deal with sex and some cannot. First rule is you
need to stop trying to talk to your Mom and your Dad about sex.  And
even more important don't play with yourself like this when they can see
you.  You are driving them out of their heads.  Can you keep a secret
from your folks?  Someday maybe we will understand them, right now I
don't understand them any more than you do. Sex is wonderful as you
will learn more and more as you experience different things.  It is even
better when another person touches your special spots in special ways,
than when you do it yourself."

     Again she blew me away when she said,  "Aunt Liz, I would never
tell my folks,..... would you show me please."   

     She moved her hands away from her shiny pink clit and raised her
hips upward slightly, spreading her legs wider for me to touch her. It was
more than I could resist and I moved closer on the bed.  As she
watched I slowly licked my fingers and lightly and slowly stroked her
rigid little clit. She groaned loudly with pleasure.  I was shaking as I
stroked her sweet cunt. It took only a few strokes and she moaned and
contorted driving her wet cunt into my hand, forcing my two fingers in
her cunt even deeper as she climaxed.  She lay there smiling and I
patted and squeezed her hairy little pussy, wanting to do much, much
more but  I leaned over with my two fingers still in her cunt and kissed
her lips softly.  I couldn't help darting my tongue out meeting hers for
just a second.  Then I withdrew my fingers and said,   "Shower and
throw a robe on sexy, and come down for breakfast."

      As I started to leave her bedroom she stood up and smiled and
hugged me and kissed my lips and I felt her tongue dart out as mine
had, even bolder.  Then she broke the brief kiss and said,  "I loved it
when you stuck your fingers in my pussy and your tongue in my mouth,
it felt so good, real sexy, it made me so hot.  Hell everything makes me
hot."

      I smiled and patted her bare ass gently, letting my hand linger, then
let it become a slow stroking motion. Her skin was so smooth and her
tight ass felt so solid but so tender.  I wanted to knead it and find her
little asshole with my fingers but I just held her and stroked her ass
gently.

     "Oh shit Aunt Liz I love the way you touch me."   Then she asked, 
"Where is Uncle Jim, I wanted to see him before he left?" 

      I told her he would return after lunch. That in fact he hated to leave. 
She had no idea how he hated to leave. She smiled and said,  "Aunt Liz
I have a confession.  I hope it won't make you angry but I watched you
and Jim last night .... fucking.  Wow did it look great.  I wanted to jump
in bed with you guys.  It all looked so hot. I hope you aren't mad cause I
watched."

      I smiled feeling the heat from her cunt against my own.  Feeling her
big breasts and nipples against my own and I answered her,   "No
darling, I'm not mad, I knew you were there.  I sort of figured what better
way for you to learn some of what can be done then to watch two
people who love each other have sex."

      She laughed nervously and asked,  "Aunt Liz, what does Uncle
Jim's cock feel like?  It is so big, does it hurt?  How did you get it in your
ass?  What does it taste like when he cums in your mouth?  Do you like
sucking his cock? I have so many questions, when can I do all those
things you guys did?  When did you first do them?  God I wish I could
be you for a day with Uncle Jim."

       I laughed and hugged her tight for a moment.  I was getting hot as
hell again and wasn't sure what I was going to do.  Her full lips were
near mine so I covered her mouth with mine and my tongue explored
deeply.  I meant for it to be only a little sexy but soon I was biting her
full lips gently, kissing her neck, French kissing her ears, then again
meeting her now probing tongue with mine.  We were both breathing
heavily, gasping for breath.  

      In a moment I broke the kiss and held her at arms length for a
moment.  As she breathed roughly her breasts rose and fell.  They were
heavy enough that they swayed from side to side.  After a moment she
sighed and softly whispered,   "Oh Liz, please don't stop...I loved that.  I
almost came as you tongued my ears. Please don't stop."

      I smiled down at this young sex machine.  I had put on my robe
with nothing underneath.  I was wet and ready for sex.  What would the
effect be on this hot young woman I wondered.   As I slowly relaxed my
arms that had been holding her at a distance she remolded her body to
mine.  To my surprise I felt her hand slip inside my robe onto my wet
love nest and she said,  "I want to finger your pussy.   You are so hot
and wet."

      I didn't say a word but let my legs relax and spread for her
searching hand.  She found my hard clit and as she played with it
expertly I gasped and felt her long fingers slip inside my cunt. As she
finger fucked me she rubbed her thumb lightly over my hard clit.  This
young lady was no stranger to pleasing another female.  I sighed and
said,   "Darling I love what you are doing but you mustn't ever tell
anyone. Besides it feels like you may have done this before. Am I right?"


      She played with my clit vigorously causing me to cry out with
pleasure as she kissed me passionately.  Then she said,   "I wont tell
anyway Liz I promise. My best friend, Coy, and I play around with each
other like this.  I love it when she finger fucks me and plays with my
clit.  Should we keep this a secret from Jim too?"

      I gasped out barely able to talk from her delightful hand and fingers
in my cunt.  As I came she bent over and sucked one of my nipples and
gave it little bites. As I came down I gasped jerkily,

     "You can tell.... Jim.... anything,.... he knows .....I like sex.... with
women too,.... but tell..... no one else." 

      I couldn't resist returning the pleasure she was giving me. I found
her hot little cunt and I began to return her favors.  As I slipped a
second finger in her tight cunt she cried and came. I didn't even slow
down but again began tongueing her open mouth and had my thumb on
her clit, two fingers in her cunt and another finger up her ass hole.  She
was jerking and twitching from the pleasure.  Then she came again and
she screamed loudly,   "Oh fuck Aunt Liz I'm exploding... oh shit do me
hard."  

     She strained against my fingers and then went limp in my arms. She
leaned lifelessly against me for a few moments.  When she could, she
stood up rather shakily and smiled a broad grin saying,   "Aunt Liz that
was a fucking gas.  I hope you don't mind me using that word, I love it. 
You sure used it last night telling Uncle Jim what to do to you."

      "I love it too baby, I love to say fuck, I love to fuck every way I can
and I agree what we just did was a fucking gas. But there is more, so
much more for me to show you if you want to know, to experience
more."

      She shivered,    "I want to learn it all Aunt Liz.  I want to do it all. I
hope you don't mind but I would love to fuck Uncle Jim.  I would like for
him to be my first real fuck.  I want to do everything you guys did last
night?"

      "Honey it sounds like you have experienced more than I thought.
What else have you done beside the stuff with Coy?"

      She smiled,  "We park a lot with our boyfriends. Coy and I double
date with several guys.  We are trying to make up our minds who to let
fuck us.  So far I have let several guys play with my tits.  They take my
blouse and bra off and play with my tits and suck my nipples. I actually
come when they do it awhile. I have let a few of them fingerfuck me.  I
tell them how to play with my clit and I come a flood.  I have sucked two
guys cocks. It was last week.  Coy and I had dates with these guys we
had done all the stuff I said before with them. They had been begging
us to give them head so we talked it over and decided to do it. We did
and we both loved it.  In fact my date and I watched Coy suck David
until he came in her mouth. Then they watched while I sucked Dan's
cock. 

     Afterwards we sat and talked about it and I got this idea that I
wanted to suck David's cock too to see if it was any different than Dan's
so Coy and I swapped and gave both guys head all over again."

      I smiled at her as she paused then I said,  "It sounds like you are
doing about all the same things I did at your age.  I think you are ready
for more Nancy, a lot more."

      She spread her legs with her hands on her hips and thrust her tits
out and said,    "Don't I look ready?"

      I nodded and dropped my robe to the floor and caught her hand
and led her to the bed.  I pushed her  down and  I lay beside her and
kissed her, again using my tongue on her mouth, her ears. all over her
neck and face.  Then her breasts and nipples.  As I sucked first one
then the other she squealed and came in a rush.  As she began to
breath more normally again I slid down walking my tongue over her
tummy, into her pubic hair and as I spread her legs wide, with her eager
assistance I found her clit with my mouth.  She bucked and tossed with
uncontrolled delight.  Again I slipped two fingers in her hot little cunt and
another in her ass as I ate her sweet clit.  It wasn't long until she began
to come again.  It was like a run-a-way train as I didn't let up.  She
would scream and come and relax and tighten and scream and come.  I
made her come five times before I let up.   She was a limp baby when I
crawled up beside her finally.

     I propped up on my elbow and looked down at her and asked,  
"Well baby how was that?" 

      She smiled a very silly grin and said,   "Fucking wonderful Liz, Oh I
never dreamed it could feel so good. I can hardly wait to show Coy. 
Does that make me a Lesbian?"

               end part 2


                    end part 2