Archive-name: Amazon/nancy2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Training with Muscle - The Woman's Way


	Hi ! My name is Nancy and I'm going to tell you a story 
that will show you how I use my tremendous strength to train 
men - the weaker sex. My interest in this started with my 
brother, but I discovered that no man I have ever competed 
with could cope with my strength; and I enjoy watching them 
thrash around and watch their faces turn different colors 
before I add more power and knock them unconscious. As I 
stand over their pathetic, wasted bodies and watch them 
"sleep" I can feel the power of my own sensational body. I am 
5'9" tall with 25" thighs and 16" calves. My powerful arms 
measure 16" flexed and my measurements are 38E-24-36; and I 
have the face, I'm told, of a dark haired goddess.

	As I said I have totally reduced my brother to a total 
wimp. It's not even any contest any more. I met a guy who 
said he wanted to experience the things I had done to Don; 
but I could sense that he felt like no woman could do those 
things to him. He was a perfect victim. I decided that I was 
going to tell him exactly what I was going to do to him and 
then do it. " Bob, I think I'll knock you out with my arms to 
start with. I'm going to wrap my arms around that neck of 
yours and slowly increase the pressure as you struggle to 
keep from going out. Now you try as hard as you can to keep 
me from doing what I say I'm going to do to you. "  We 
circled around a little and then I grabbed a handful of hair 
and slammed his neck into my arms. I had him right where I 
wanted him and I slowly increased the pressure. He was 
dancing around, pushing at my arms and moaning that I was 
breaking his neck. I began to verbally humiliate him about 
being too weak to resist my great strength, even when I had 
told him what I was going to do. I tired of his pathetic 
pleadings so I said, " Ok, little man, I think it's time you 
took a nap. Put your hands on my arms and feel how hard my 
muscles get as I crush you into oblivion. "  I put more power 
into the hold and I felt his body go limp. I dropped him in a 
heap at my feet and I knew he was mine. He wasn't out long, 
but I let him rest for a few minutes.

	" I told you you were no match for me. Now you get to feel 
the power of my long, strong legs. I'm going to wrap them 
around your head in a variety of scissor holds and I'm going 
to put you out several times. When I'm finished you will be 
on your knees begging me to let you serve me in any way I 
want. You'll do what I say and you will say anything I want 
to hear or I'll continue to physically destroy you until you 
obey me. I'll bet I will even be able to make you stick that 
scrawny neck between my beautiful thighs and beg me to crush 
you with them. "  This guy was scared at this point so I 
didn't have to work to hard to get him in a forward neck 
scissors.  I could have put him out then, but I wanted to 
demoralize him some first.

	I would crush his neck until he was almost out then relax 
some and let him regain some of his senses. I made him feel 
my thighs as I flexed the rock hard muscles that were making 
mince meat of him.
 	After several minutes of this, which he later told me 
seemed like hours, I decided to end the slaughter. So, I 
poured on the power and after a few convulsive jerks of his 
body he went limp between my strong thighs. He was out for 
about 5 minutes. When I noticed him coming to I walked over 
and bent over, giving him a good look at my cleavage, and 
said, " Now, Wimp, are you getting the picture ? I'm just too 
much woman for you to handle. I think you've just about had 
it so I'll finish you off this time with my famous reverse 
head scissors. "  And with that I laid down and placed his 
face in between my thighs in a reverse head scissors and 
slowly increased the pressure until he began to thrash around 
like a fish out of water. I was laughing so hard at his 
futile attempts to get loose that I almost had to release the 
hold. However, I got control of my self and closed my thighs 
over his face and snuffed him out cold again.

	It took him a good five minutes to revive again and this 
time I just stood over him with my hands on my hips and 
looked down at him. After a few minutes he finally figured it 
out and with all the speed and energy he could muster, which 
wasn't much, he got on his knees before me and begged me to 
stop beating him up. Then he pleaded with me to let him put 
his head in between my strong thighs and for me to finish him 
off with another knock out. I simply spread my legs and he 
crawled over and placed his neck between my calves. This guy 
was so addle brained he didn't know the difference between 
calves and thighs; or, did he think my calves couldn't hurt 
him ? Well, he found out just how strong they are when I 
stood on my toes and squeezed his neck flat. His tongue was 
hanging out and his face turned red as he gasped for air. 
Just before he went out I released this hold and slammed his 
face into my crotch then I really poured on the power and 
held him there until his limp, weak male body had been 
reduced to nothing.

	The first thing he saw when he came to was me standing 
over him flexing my powerful muscles. I made him get on his 
knees again and feel my calves, thighs and pumped up arms. 
Then I made him kiss my muscles and various other parts of my 
superior female anatomy. And I made him admit that my 
muscular legs and arms were just too much for a male. And 
once again I had demonstrated how to train with muscle - the 
woman's way.

	I see that look. I can make a believer out of you too. 
Maybe I won't finish you off so fast. Anytime you want to try 
me on for size just let me know.

--
