Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




by:  Big Daddy


My husbands Nasty friends (drunk studs fondle friends wife ending in
fuckfest by the pool in front of husband)

	My husband was in the house getting a few more beers for his buddies when
one of them reached up and grabbed my ass on the way by.
	"Nice ass," Jack said.
	I knew all they guys were quite drunk so I just laughed it off at first.
	"Bet it would look great bouncing up and down my dick," he said which made
the other guys laugh and chortle.
	"I bet it would too," I smiled seductively.  I liked playing the little
games with the men.  Besides, it made me feel more attractive.
	"Why don't you come sit on my cock and find out," Jack boldly said.
	"I don't think my husband would let me," I said.
	"Well as soon as you want a real man you let me know," Jack scoffed.
	"You mean let me know," Chad added.
	"You guys get my husband to pass out before you do and I'll fuck you all
right here," I said with a wink as my husband came out with more beer.
	I swear all three men's mouths just dropped.
	"What's going on?" my husband laughed as he passed out cold ones to his
friends.
	"Uh nothing," Chad recovered.  "Here, drink up buddy!"
	In just over an hour my husband was so shit faced drunk he couldn't even
stand up.  I couldn't believe how fast those guys went to work on my poor
hubby.  But, the thought of them all wanting me that bad made me hornier
than ever.
	"Fuck, is he ever going to pass out?" Rob asked with a glare at my
husband.
	"Wha?" my husband stammered.
	"I'm getting tired of waiting myself," Jack said.
	"Shit, he's so drunk he wouldn't remember a thing right now anyway," Chad
added.
	I knew that was true.  I'd seen my husband this drunk before, he was
blacked out as they get.  The thought of these three studs getting ready to
use me right in front of their good friend was driving me wild.
	"Hey bill," Jack said as if testing the waters.  "Mind if we fuck your
wife?"
	"Wha?" my husband stuttered.  "No.  I mean yes.  I mean  I don't know."
	"That's what I thought," Jack laughed as he pulled his shorts down in
front and pulled out a huge looking hard cock."
	"Wow," My husband said with wide eyes.  "That's a big one."
	"Is this what you guys want?" I asked as I started to pull down my shorts
right there infront of them all.
	"Ya," Chad said as he stood up and slipped off his shorts all the way
exposing another gigantic hard cock.
	"Hey what are you guys doin?" my husband slurred.
	"I'm gonna fuck your friends," I told my drunk husband as Rob took off his
clothes to reveal yet a third big cock for my enjoyment.
	"Oh ok," my husband said as I pulled off my top and uncovered my nicely
shaped tits.
	"Fuck ya," Jack said as he grabbed his big cock and shook it up and down
in anticipation.
	I quickly got on my knees and stuck Jacks fat cock in my mouth while my
husband watched.
	"You're wife's got a hot looking snatch," Chad said.  "I can't wait to see
what it looks like with my cock in it."
	"Thanks," my husband said.  "I mean-"
	"Shut the fuck up, Bill," Jack said as he pushed his cock into my mouth
further.  "Suck that bitch!"
	"I want a hard cock inside me," I panted as I looked at the two men
standing naked waiting for their turn.
	"I got one for you," Rob said as he got on the ground and laid on his
back.  "Put this in your fucking snatch."
	"Ya!" I said as I climbed on top of Rob's muscular body and grabbed his
huge cock in my hand.
	Slowly I worked his gigantic cock between my pussy lips and into my hot
little hole that needed cock so badly.
	"OH FUCK!" I screamed out as his cock pushed between my tight lips and
stretched my pussy wide around it.
	"Oh YA!" Rob growled.  "You like that?"
	"I love your big cock!" I said as Jack got on his knees and offered his
pole in my face again.
	"Fuck me!" I said as I grabbed Jacks cock again.  "Fuck me in front of my
husband!"
	"YA!" Jack said as he pushed his cock back in my mouth.  Rob started
jamming his gargantuan cock up my pussy with long hard thrusts that sent me
to an instant orgasm.
	"Make me cum!" I screamed as Rob's cock pistoned in and out of my tight
pussy while my husband watched.  "Yes! Make me cum on that huge cock of
yours!"
	"Hey you guys," My husband complained.  "Stop that."
	"Hell no," Chad said as he jerked himself off watching us three get it on.
 "I haven't even had my turn yet."
	"Come on stud," I said as I pulled my dripping cunt off Rob's cock and
climbed off of him.  "Fuck my pussy!  Fuck me dry!"
	Jack sat back on a stair leading up to the house as Chad helped get me on
my knees in a doggie position for him.
	"Look at this fucking pussy," Chad said as he pulled open my stretched
lips and admired my wet hole as he stroked his cock.
	I immediately went back to sucking Jack's big cock as he sat comfortably
on the steps.
	"Here you go bitch," Chad said as he guided his cock between my legs and
skewered my pussy with his big pole.
	"Ya!" I moaned.  "Ram that hard cock up my pussy!"
	"Stop," my husband asked again.
	"Why," Chad asked.  "You're wife seems to like it."
	"Watch your friends make me cum honey," I said as Chad started ramming his
cock up my cunt with deep thrusts.
	I could feel my tits bouncing all over the place as Chad began fucking my
pussy as hard and fast as he could.
	"I'M CUMMING!!" I screamed.  "OH JESUS I'M CUMMING AGAIN!"
	"Take my cock bitch!" Chad growled as he drove into me relentlessly.
"Take it!!"
	"Cum on my ass," I demanded as he fucked me.  "Cum all over my ass!"
	"OH YA!" Chad groaned as he pumped me hard and fast.  "I'm gonna cum!
HERE IT COMES!!!"
	When Chad pulled his fat cock out of me I turned back to watch his cum
shoot all the way up my back and splatter all over my ass.
	"Squeeze it out baby!" I panted.  "Milk that cum all over me."
	"Oh ya," Chad growled as he fisted his cock until thick milky cum poured
all over my cheeks and ran down the back of my legs.
	"Oh God I'm next," Jack shouted.
	I opened my mouth wide and jerked his fat cock until it started spurting
thick cum into my face.  I turned my head so my husband could see his
friends cum shooting in my mouth.
	"Eat it bitch!" Jack said.  "Eat it!"
	I ate it all right, taking spurt after spurt in my mouth until at last I
rubbed his cum laden cock all over my face, smearing his cum all over my
lips and chin.
	"It's time for Rob to cum on me," I said as I let go of both men and got
on my back.  I spread my legs wide open and Rob eagerly got on top of me.
	"Fuck that big cock up inside me!" I demanded as he eagerly slid it up my
wet pussy and started fucking me.
	I raised my legs up to my tits and let my husband see his buddies huge
cock ramming my pussy over and over.
	"I want you to shoot your cum up my tummy," I panted.  "Shoot it all over
my tits and pussy."
	"Well here it comes," he grunted as he pulled out of me and shot a load up
to my tits.
	"Jerk off!" I shouted.  "Jerk it all over my pussy!"
	"YA!" Rob growled as he splattered his cum all over my lower abdomen and
onto my brown pubic hair.
	"Yes!" I squeeled.  "Cum on my pussy!"










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....