Copyright © 1997,  Dorian Gray.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.


"Searching For Natalie Wood"


By Dorian Gray

At least it wasn't an opera. Maybe tonight boredom wouldn't cause him to sneak the Walkman's ear phone out of his coat jacket and plug it in on the side facing away from his wife. Wasn't there a game on tonight? Yes, Preston Waterford hated it whenever his wife dragged him off to a place he didn't want to go.

Like to a community theater production of _West Side Story_, for instance. A fly-by-night troupe starring all unknowns. How good could it be? God, how could any actress dare play Maria after Natalie Wood? 

Movie images of a young Natalie Wood appeared in his mind . . . Natalie the child as adorable little Susan in _Miracle on 34th Street_, Natalie the teenager as James Dean's troubled girlfriend in _Rebel Without A Cause_,  Natalie as Gene Kelly's May-to-December romance in _Marjorie Morningstar_, and Natalie as Warren Beatty's sweetheart Deanie in _Splendor in the Grass_.

But especially Natalie as Maria, dancing on the rooftop, twirling, her blue dress spinning high above her legs, showing a for a brief second her silky white panties . . . . The image caused Preston's penis to bob up like a float on a fishing line.

Natalie had been his adolescent fantasy girl; her classic beauty provided a catalogue of feminine charm by which he now consciously or unconsciously judged all other women: short, petite, long brunette hair, brown doe-like eyes, full breasts, tiny waist--sexy, neurotic, coy, teasing, starved for male love and attention . . . .

"Excuse me," she grunted, getting up and pressing down on him heavily for balance, "I think I still have time to go to the bathroom before it starts."

Preston watched his wife squirm and wiggle her way down the row of seats like a boar running the gauntlet. His wife did not get a high reading on his Natalie Wood scale. In fact, the meter no longer moved at all in her presence. Face it: she was too old, too tall, too big, too pushy. Yes, at McDonalds as well as everywhere else she had to have it her way.

So why had he married her while still in college? Did the fact that she had been his first sexual conquest and that he had shortly thereafter knocked her up have anything to do with it? Yet after their hasty marriage she had decided the time wasn't right to have a kid, and shortly afterwards announced, "Hello? This is Houston. Sorry, but we must abort," or some words to that effect. And they had remained childless.

A few minutes later his wife was back, and the show started, and it was, to say the least, obviously not headed toward Broadway. Where did they find so many prancing sugarplums to play the gang members of the Jets and Sharks? Are they supposed to be intimidating? Jesus, these sweethearts couldn't fight their way out of a wet paper bag even kicking high in their high heels.

But suddenly on stage at the dance, in walks Maria, and--oh, my God! She looks just like a young Natalie Wood! Where did they find her? Her face, her hair, her eyes, her petite size--unbelievable!

Preston and his wife didn't own opera glasses, but he would always bring his high-powered hunting binoculars to shows to check out the show girls since they often had seats far in the back or balcony. But tonight they were only five rows from the stage, and he hadn't bothered to take them out of the case.

By the time he had frantically fumbled with the case to get it open and managed to yank the binoculars out and get them focused on the Natalie Wood look-alike, the dainty actress was dancing in her white party dress, spinning, showing off her legs encased in white silky stockings, almost to the bottom of her panties, almost, but not quite, yet so close, so close . . . . 

There! That last spin and--oh, my God! Jesus H. Christ! Innocent little Maria was wearing black garters! These girls usually wore flesh-colored leotards. But at the top of this girl's thighs where the stockings ended, he could see a flash of thin, shiny red panties tightly stretched over her ass cheeks and drawn in tightly at the crotch. Was that darkened area pubic hair underneath--or just a shadow?

Who is this girl? He impatiently flipped through the program until he found it: Natalie Cox. She's even named Natalie! Jesus, only a high school student? Unbelievable! She had been in several theatrical, choral, and dance productions at her high school and even appeared in a few community theater plays as a child, but this was her first big part outside of high school. Natalie Cox. What a name. Did Miss Cox like cocks?

Moments later on the balcony outside her apartment the young actress reappeared, now wearing a white nightgown as Tony sang "Maria" below. Unbelievable--the splitting image of a young Natalie Wood. 

The binoculars were great. With them he could discern the smallest details. He was able to determine, for example, that her hair was real--no wig or fall pinned to her own. He could even see the tiny toothpick microphone sticking out of her hair that picked up her voice for amplification, something also invisible to the rest of the audience. Yes, she had doe-like brown eyes just like Natalie Wood. Wow, he could even see the wrinkles in her moist red lips. And her wet tongue. And one of her upper molars had a filling in it.

All right! He could see the outline of her garters and panties though the thin material of the lacy white nightgown. Jesus, she was still wearing them. He liked the way this sweet young thing dressed for bed. But didn't she have time to take them off backstage? What kind of director would costume Maria in such provocative undergarments? Didn't he know? And what kind of teenage actress would allow herself to be exhibited in such a way? And what would her parents think watching her, especially her father? Preston's cock was an erect arrow on a weather vane. If he stood up now, the guilty staff would point unerringly at the winds of his desire!

Now Maria was squatting down on the balcony, pulling the hem of her nightgown up a little over her knees while singing back to Tony. Oh, my, she has such a sweet-sounding voice, too, and she's so enchanting, so feminine, so tiny. Sweet Jesus, she's opening her knees up just enough to see up her nightgown. Yes! There's her red panty-covered teenage snatch again! 

Preston lowered the binoculars and glanced at her for a second or two without them. Using only his naked eyes, he could see a shadow between her legs, nothing more. He peered again with the added magnification, and, yes, there they were, her black garters and sexy red panties. Oh, God, was that a few dark hairs peeking out at the crotch? Oh, my .  .  .  .

Later in the show Maria started dancing on the rooftop in a sheer blue dress that flared out fully whenever she twirled--just like in the movie. Damn! This scene was added for the movie, something not in the original Broadway play. He'd never seen it done on stage anywhere. Preston was beginning to like this director, understand him even. The guy's no dummy; that's for sure.

Oh, God, please. Will the little teenage vixen give us another sample of her sexy legs and panties? Is she still wearing those same red panties above the black garters? The binoculars afforded Preston a close-up view of the teenager's legs, which now looked a little lighter and not as shiny. She wasn't wearing stockings! She must have taken them off.

There she goes! Oh, my, yes! Yes! The stockings and garters were definitely off, and instead she had on thin, shimmering white panties, high-cut, but not bikinis or thongs. Oh, my God! They even have lace ruffles on the leg bands. They're stretched nicely over her firm ass cheeks! And there is definitely a dark area around crotch. Is that small oval a moist area in the crotch?

Later the show was over and everybody was politely clapping, but when Natalie Cox walked out last to take her bow, everyone stood and cheered enthusiastically. In the excitement no one seemed to notice Preston's embarrassing protuberance, which he kept discreetly covered with the case of his binoculars. As the show's petite Maria kept bowing and smiling, he reached under the binoculars case and clutched his enflamed rod through his clothing and began stroking it up and down all the while staring at the teenage actress and visualizing the crotch of her panties. He needed only a moment or two more--he was almost there--but suddenly the curtain was closing, the house lights were up, and everyone was going--just when he had been so damn close to coming!

While his wife waddled off to the pee line again, Preston Waterford went backstage to meet Miss Natalie Cox. And soon he was talking to her, gushing out compliments like an adolescent schoolboy, not sure at all exactly what the hell he was saying, praising her performance, introducing himself, asking questions. Did anyone ever tell her she looked like Natalie Wood? "Yes, often," she said. "In fact, she's my idol and favorite actress. I have tapes of many of her movies. You couldn't give me a greater compliment."

Yes, she really was a just a high school student, 16, a junior. No, her parents didn't come tonight. Did he really ask her that? They were divorced, and she lived with her mother, a nurse who had to rest before going to work. Yes, of course, her mother was proud of her but was just too busy to attend.

Preston? Oh, he was manager of a local CompUSA computer store. How old? Well, probably at least old enough to be her father. That last remark seemed to please her, which surprised him.

Natalie was smiling yet at times giving him an inquisitive look. And he fantasized about asking her out, getting her alone and--but, of course, he couldn't. She'd think he was a daft old man, and, besides, what about the girl's mother? What'd she say? And what would his wife say when she emerged from pottysville? His wife! Yes, he did have a wife, he recalled, didn't he? Why did he have a wife?

Yes, the young actress was planning to try out for the next play coming right up, _Count Dracula_. She was hoping for the female lead, the ingenue Mina, the girl Dracula was just dying to sink his teeth into. By any chance is Preston an actor, too? 

As she waited for an answer, Preston suddenly realized that all of his life had led to this exact moment--an epiphany. Yes, he had to do it. He couldn't help himself. He had to go for it. An opportunity like this would never come his way again. If he never did anything else the rest of his life, by God, he had to figure out a plan, a way to fuck this little girl silly--or else die from trying.

Him, an actor, too? Why, ah, yes, he stammered--how could she tell? In fact, he was thinking about trying out for a part in _Dracula_ himself. Great, she said. He didn't look mean enough to be Dracula. Maybe they'd cast him as Mina's guardian, Dr. Seward. She'd love that. She adores older men with beards. That makes them look so distinguished, especially if they have a little gray in it. She touched his beard and smiled at him.

She introduced Preston to the director, who had just walked up. He, too, was an older man with a beard, and damn if he didn't already have a little gray in his. But then they had to go. She leaned over and kissed her new fan on the cheek and said good-bye, and Preston smelled her sweet sexy scent and snuck a peek down at her bulging breasts in some kind of white lacy push-up bra; the fleshy mounds looked as if they were going to pop out, but somehow they managed to stay constrained. Her smell was intoxicating, a mixture of feminine sweat and perfume--was that Intimate by Revelon? God, would he would love to give her a tongue bath!

But now she was gone. His head spinning, Preston found himself back out in the hall, drifting through a fog, finally bumping into something solid, his wife. She squealed and appeared as annoyed as a mother catching her disobedient little boy with his hand caught in the cookie jar. "Where were you?" Thinking of Natalie Cox, Preston couldn't wait to get home alone to choke the chipmunk. Hell, maybe he'd even pork the old wife tonight? How long had it been? A month? Two? Whatever--but in any event he'd keep his eyes closed, picturing the teenage actress, the incarnation of a young Natalie Wood. With Miss Cox's image in his mind, he could poke a pig tonight. Some would not approve of such lewd actions on his part, he knew, but he was sure that Natalie would.

In the days and weeks that followed, Preston was a happy man. As silly and hopeless as he knew it would probably seem to anyone else, he was in love with a beautiful teenage actress. Not Natalie Wood herself, of course, who had long since been food for worms, but a live, breathing incarnation in her image, one Natalie Cox. And, yes, his love was not without lust. He would love for her to be food for his worm. Life was good and worth living. He had a song in his heart, a purpose for being alive, and a stiff pecker in his pants.

Preston decided to get a complete make-over: hair and beard stylishly trimmed and darkened, new clothes, new cologne--Stetson-- yes, even a new car, and a red one at that. Imagine! Well, all right, at least a newer car than that old Plymouth Valiant he had been trying to coax 300,000 miles out of.

And, yes, almost overnight, Preston had became--a thespian. He was taking acting and voice lessons. He was walking around and emoting in a Transylvanian accent. He had even memorized Hamlet's "To be or not to me" soliloquy and was reciting it like Bela Lugosi.

But his wife Prudence didn't know whether to be pleased or not. Secretly she didn't approve of his doing anything that wasn't her own idea first. Had she wanted these changes? She wasn't sure. And at least once a week he was now urging her to have S-E-X, and always in the bedroom, late at night, and with the lights out. She didn't mind that so much. At least she didn't have to fix herself up, and it helped her go right to sleep afterwards--after she cleaned herself up, of course.

But what had come over him lately? Was he weirding out on her, or what? He'd even tried to stick his thing in her mouth. Gross! And--would you believe it--he had even wanted to kiss her . . . down there! Ugh! How nasty. And once while singing "Tonight" from _West Side Story_, he had even tried to mount her from behind, telling her sit on her knees and stick her butt up. Did he think she was a dog or something? And what's with this finger in the butt stuff?

And he was always in such a hurry, too. She needed time, of course, to prepare for sex: get the diaphragm in, get his condom on, and squirt some sperm-killing cream up her vagina, just in case. At her age she didn't want to have an unwanted child. She was not the type to take chances. And, damn, it wasn't the easiest thing to do all of this in total darkness, either.

Maybe someone had corrupted his mind with pornography? That had to be it. She tried to find tell-tale signs of dirty magazines or adult videos--she even searched his computer files and read his e-mail messages--but she couldn't find anything suspicious anywhere. Could there be another woman? Maybe she'd start checking his collar for lipstick and inventorying their condom supply to make sure that none were missing. She had never thought he was the sharpest knife in the drawer, but why was he suddenly beginning to lose it now? What was she going to do with this sick puppy? Maybe the time had come to consider Plan B and talk to her mother for advice.

Preston was delighted to see Natalie Cox at the _ Count Dracula_ tryouts. All eyes were upon her. She illuminated the entire rehearsal hall with her youthful feminine sensuality. She was seated in the back--long, gorgeous drop-dead brown hair, eyeliner, dark lashes, shiny bright-red lipstick, and wearing a lacy Victorian dress with a cape. She smiled, waved at him, and blew him a kiss dramatically.

Preston was sure glad his acting and voice teachers had urged him not to effect a Transylvanian accent a la Bela Lugosi, especially since he was auditioning for the role of Dr. Seward, an Englishman. He wasn't ready to take on a starring role like that of the famous count himself. And at his teachers' request he had toned down his emoting, too. They had gone over and over all of Dr. Seward's lines with him and prepared him well. And it was a damn good thing he wouldn't be expected to sing.

On the tryout card he listed several supporting roles he had done years ago back at a theater in another state, doubting anybody would ever check it. And as added insurance, perhaps, Preston had even secretly met with the show's producer the week before and given him a check for $300 to help with production costs.

Preston's audition was workmanlike, not too bad, really. Fortunately, most of the auditioners were women. This drama group apparently had problems recruiting many male actors. But where had they found all those fruitcakes for Jets and Sharks?

Young Natalie was sterling--radiantly splendid in her audition; and she had already memorized Mina's lines. First, she performed a scene as the innocent, pouting, sweet, vulnerable Mina; later in the play, after Dracula had put his bite in her, she was transformed into the darker Mina under evil count's hypnotic control, panting, heaving her ample breasts up and down, rubbing her hands along her legs--sometimes dangerously close to her crotch--nearly foaming at the mouth, moaning with an almost sexual urgency for release. Everyone stood transfixed, mouths agape, and then applauded wildly. It had given Preston the best thumper he had had in several weeks.

And then Natalie whispered something to the director, and she and Preston were called forward to read a scene together as Mina and Dr. Seward, her loving guardian and father-figure. Mina was frightened. She felt powerless to some evil force that was stalking her. She hugged Dr. Seward tightly and wouldn't let go. Seward comforted her, rubbing her hair, assuring her that everything would be all right. She looked up into his eyes. "Please, help me. I'm--I'm so frightened." And she teared up and started sobbing.

Preston was visibly affected by her performance. He dropped his script. For a moment he forgot the sexy Natalie Cox and saw only a teary-eyed, frightened adolescent who was reaching out to him for love and protection. Instinctively, fatherly, he embraced her and began patting her on the back. "There, there, my little Mina. Don't worry, child. I'll protect you." And he started kissing her gently, repeatedly, on the side of her head and cheek.

"Thank you, thank you," she murmured over and over tenderly into his ear. "I love you so much. You are always so good to me. When I'm in your arms, I feel safe." And she snuggled her head against his chest, surrounded by his arms. They stayed in this embrace for several seconds. It felt so good to be holding her this way. For a short eternity only the two of them existed. Preston never wanted to let her go.

Then, suddenly everyone broke into applause. "You two look good and work well together," the director said. And to no one's surprise, Natalie and Preston were cast as Mina and Dr. Seward. The director, the same man who had directed _West Side Story_, ended up casting himself as Count Dracula.

After a few rehearsals Preston overheard Natalie tell someone she was having car problems and didn't know how she'd get home that night. He quickly stepped forward and insisted that he would give her a ride home after rehearsal. "That's so kind of you. You sure you wouldn't mind?" Would he mind? Preston nearly tossed his cookies at the thought of finally getting to spend some time alone with the sexy adolescent and even getting to see where she lived!

Little Natalie lived with her mother in a small townhouse apartment. The teenager didn't want to live in a college dorm--too expensive, too noisy, and no privacy. The diminutive actress felt comfortable and secure with Preston, almost as if they were carrying their roles of guardian and ward beyond the rehearsal hall and out into real life. But she often acted coy with him, teasing, flirting, often speaking to him in her pouty, sweet-and-innocent Mina voice.

Preston suggested that they make it a regular thing, his picking her up, taking her to rehearsal, and returning her home afterwards. She smiled, clapped her hands in delight, and gave him a kiss on the cheek. "I was hoping you'd suggest that!"

When Preston went to pick her up, first, as she requested, he waited in the car; then, he started going to the door; and, finally, the adorable teen began inviting him in. She showed him around the apartment and told him to make himself at home. It was modestly furnished: living room and kitchen, downstairs; bedrooms, upstairs. The walls in her bedroom were covered with theater posters from her many shows.

He met Natalie's mother, a tough, heavy, no-nonsense LPN. Surely this woman couldn't be the font of Natalie's beauty and charm. Maybe the girl took after her father? But there was no father; he had left--disappeared for good--while Natalie was still an infant. Mrs. Cox appreciated Preston's interest in her daughter. The mother was usually in bed asleep as they left for rehearsal and already gone for her 11-to-7 shift at the hospital by the time they returned afterwards. The thought of the sexy teenager being left unattended all during the night and having to sleep in a house all by herself caused a stirring in Preston's loins.

But Natalie never invited him in after rehearsal or ever said or did anything to suggest that she wanted Preston to behave any way with her other than as a complete gentleman, an older man she could trust. She would give him an innocent hug and kiss and sweet smile as she left his car each night. 

One night as they were leaving rehearsal, he asked her if she had a boyfriend. No, she smiled, looking at him directly in the eyes. She wasn't interested in guys her own age. They were too immature and acted silly and didn't know how to please her. She preferred older men, even old enough to be her father--she hoped that didn't shock him. Older men had more money and could take her places younger guys couldn't; they could usually be trusted to be discreet; and they were more likely to know how to please her. Her mother wouldn't approve, of course, so she had to see them secretly, which wasn't too difficult since her mother didn't get home until after 7 A. M. But all these late hours sometimes made it difficult to keep her grades up at school. 

Was he her type, Preston teased, pointing out that he was old enough, indeed, to be her father. "Of course," she said, suddenly dropping into her little Mina voice, giving him a kiss on the cheek. "You're almost perfect, and I love you tenderly. But, my dear Preston, you're married, and I have a strict rule against dating married men. If I were married, I wouldn't want my husband seeing another woman. You can understand that, can't you, my darling?"

Yes, he could understand that, but he didn't have to like it, did he? Preston treasured his relationship with little Natalie, but his sexual frustration was mounting, and damned if he wouldn't explode soon if he couldn't figure out a way to mount her. There had to be a way! He had to fuck her, or he'd go crazy! He'd just have to be patient, perhaps, and keep pushing ahead.

On opening night, Natalie greeted Preston at her door, wearing a pink robe, and said she was running late and had to take a quick shower before getting ready. She ran upstairs, and he soon heard the water running.

Preston tiptoed upstairs, noticing that the mother was in her room with the door shut, lights out, obviously asleep. What's this? Little Natalie had left the bathroom door open? She was practicing her lines while taking a shower. The shower curtain was translucent, but he could make out her delicate teenage nudity, all 4' 10" of her, the fuzzy image of her breasts and dark nipples, and a dark area in front where her legs came together.

Her bedroom had a door adjoining the bathroom, and it, too, was left open. The mother had her own bathroom. Natalie's pink robe was on the bed where she had obviously just tossed it. And on top of the robe were a white lacy bra and red panties. Were these the same red panties he had seen from _West Side Story_? Had she just been wearing these garments? Were they still fresh?

He quickly picked up the bra and put it up to his nose. Yes, he could smell her sweat and perfume on it. He picked up the red panties. They were moist in the crotch, almost sticky, turned inside out. He sniffed the crotch, and her musty feminine smell made his head spin and his manhood throb. There was a slight stain in the crotch, as if from her juices, and from it he could visualize the size of her small vulva, and he could see a couple of dark hairs stuck to the crotch. He quickly returned her undergarments, went back downstairs, found the bathroom, and quickly exploded all over the sink.

That night she wore a short pleated skirt, pale-blue stockings, and a white blouse that showed her light-blue lacy bra underneath. The points of her nipples were faintly visible. Preston brought his camera to take several opening night photos for his scrapbook. Of course, most of his photographs were of young Natalie, first, in her street clothes she had worn on the way over, later, in her Mina costume, the same Victorian ensemble with a cape she had worn to tryouts, an outfit she had sewn herself.

After a triumphant standing ovation at the play's conclusion, the pert teenager begged Preston teasingly until he acquiesced to accompany her to a cast party that was being held at the house of one of the cast members. Everyone in the group was of legal drinking age except little Natalie. But no one objected or even seem to notice that the teenage girl kept downing one Harvey Wallbanger after another despite Preston's gentle attempts to get her to stop or at least slow down.

As they got into Preston's car later to return home, Natalie said she was so tired and sleepy that she'd like to stretch out in the back seat, if it was okay, until they got back to her house. By the time they arrived, the young actress was making like Sleeping Beauty. Preston moved the front seat forward, got his penlight flashlight out of the glove compartment, grabbed his camera, put in a fresh new roll, and slipped silently into the back seat.

"Natalie? Natalie?" he said softly. "We're home. Are you awake?" Shining the miniature flashlight on her, he could see that she was lying on her side, looking like an impish angel, an oversized Barbie doll, lips pouting slightly out, breasts slowing rising and falling, her skirt ridden up her legs past her knees, revealing the top of her blue stockings and the beginning of garter straps. Softly, gently he tried to wake her, shaking her shoulders. "Mmmmmm," she moaned softly, slightly moving her head but not waking.

Preston was nearly shaking with excitement. This was almost too good to be true. The mother's car was gone, so she had obviously gone to work. The townhouse was at the end of a cul-de-sac, so it wasn't likely there would be many cars coming by this time of the night. The closest streetlight was down on the corner, so the car was dark inside--except for the narrow, probing beam of his tiny flashlight. No one should notice what they were doing.

Should he find her keys in her purse and try to carry her inside without waking her? No, she'd probably come to right away, and then he'd have to leave. Same thing if he drove her somewhere else, and then she'd also be frightened by waking up amid strange surroundings. But what if he insisted? Forced himself on her? No, he loved her too dearly to hurt her or rape her. Besides, he was taking enough chances as it was anyway. 

He was like a little boy in a candy store, frantically looking at everything, uncertain how much to get and what to sample first. He snapped a picture of her, just as she was, which was sexy in itself. He slowly rolled her over onto her back, her hair spilling into her face, which he brushed back to reveal her adorable facial beauty. The skirt was now almost up to her waist, just barely covering the bottom of her panties.

He explored the inside of her mouth with his index finger. God, he wished this were his cock instead getting ready to spurt globs of cum for her to slurp up. Could he fuck her in the mouth without waking her up? No way. What if she suddenly woke with a cock in her mouth? She might become hysterical. No, he couldn't risk it.

He unbuttoned the top of her blouse to reveal her pale-blue bra. Should he undo it from the back? No, it might wake her, and even if it didn't, would he be able to get it back on and hooked without waking her? Not likely! Instead, he gently eased the straps over her shoulders and tugged the cups down just enough to reveal the erotic goodies of her aureola and nipples.

God, did she have sexy tits! The breasts weren't huge; the bra pushed him up to make them seem bigger. But they were more than ample for her tiny body. Her sensuous breasts had extremely wide, dark aureola with firm nipples in the center that jutted out nearly an inch or so. He gently touched the nipples with his fingertips and wet them with his tongue, which brought a sight muffled moan from the sleeping princess. He'd better be careful if he didn't want to wake her up!

After taking a few pictures, he put her breast toys away and packed them up so that they wouldn't be hanging out if she woke with a start. Just then the lights of an oncoming car glared up the back window. He crunched down. Was it her mother coming home early for some reason? Maybe she had tried to call and was concerned because her daughter wasn't answering? How would he explain being the back seat with her?

But the people in the car were neighbors returning home who went inside talking, apparently without noticing his car or anything unusual. Thank you, God! It was now time to finally get a good look between Natalie's legs. He had decided to save the best for last. He'd never forgiven himself if she had awakened before getting a good look at her panties and teenage pussy.

He eased the top of her skirt all the way to her waist, gently pushing her legs toward her, causing them to fold at the knees, and he tenderly spread her knees and thighs apart to completely expose her crotch area to his lustful gaze. He snapped on his tiny flashlight and slowly moved its thin beam lovingly over her legs, starting with the ankles just past her shoes, and proceeding to her calves and knees, enshrouded in blue nylon, and continuing to her thighs, where the straps of her garters were attached to the tops of the blue stockings.

And finally he saw where her legs came together and illuminated her panties. They, too, were sky-blue, made of thin lacy nylon, and were high cut. He could see the dark shadow of her pubic hair underneath. A few dark hairs were peeking out at the sides. He snapped a few pictures. He delicately touched the crotch with his fingertips. The material was slightly damp. He put his fingers to his nose to savor her feminine aroma. He slowly pulled the crotch panel aside, revealing her dark pubic hair and her tightly closed feminine slit.

It wasn't easy, using one hand to hold the material aside and point the beam of light, but he managed, using the thumb and middle finger of his other hand to gently spread her moist pussy lips apart. Natalie moaned faintly but didn't move and showed no evidence of waking up. He uncovered the clit at the top and marveled at her hard round love button. He wanted to lick it but didn't dare from fear of waking her. God, the fumes of her teenage pussy were now beginning to fill the car. What a sweet, sexy scent! He managed to snap a few pictures of her clit and splayed cunt.

He opened her pussy lips at the bottom and deep inside her pink folds found the star-shaped opening to her vagina and begin to slowly insert his middle finger. Was little Natalie a virgin? He didn't think so, but it'd be fun to explore and find out for sure. The tight walls inside were moist and slick, and he rotated his finger and felt the ridges and then slipped his finger further inside, snugly encased by the gently clinching pussy without any trouble whatsoever. Young Natalie's tight cunt had obviously been violated by a stiff cock-and perhaps visited often. So Miss Cox liked cocks. This intimate female chamber had probably been flooded with warm semen--unless she made her partners wear condoms. What did she do to avoid getting pregnant? He continued to explore the slick inner recesses of her feminine canal until he could feel his finger pressing against her uterus.

He slide his finger out and smelled its sweet erotic fragrance. He put the wet finger in his mouth and sucked it clean--oh, did it taste delicious. He'd love to eat her pussy, make her come, and then fuck her tight snatch, filling it full of his warm seed, but he couldn't do it without waking her.

He unzipped his pants and yanked out his hard, unfed cock. He spread her pink pussy lips apart with one hand and began rapidly stroking his engorged staff up and down with the other. This wouldn't take long. He felt electrical jolts of energy pulsating from his penis. A little more, a little more--then, Yes! oh, God, suddenly he was there. Oh, sweet Jesus, I'm coming. Gobs of cum began spurting out like an erupting oil derrick. He quickly turned to one side, so as not to drench the little girl or her clothing with his warm oil.

He dipped his middle finger in a pool of his sperm and smeared it wetly over her lipstick-covered lips and then inserted the finger into her mouth to leave a sample of his masculine fuckstuff there. Did little Natalie like to suck cock? Did she like the taste of cum? Then he covered his finger with his love juice again, pulled her pussy lips apart, and tenderly, repeatedly, inseminated her. "I sure hope you're on the pill, Miss Natalie, or that this is not a dangerous time of the month for you, or else you might start growing this planted seed and make us another little Natalie. I know I should be more careful, but I just can't help it." He took his other hand and managed to snap a few more pictures as he kept finger fucking her with his spermy digit.

Preston finally pulled little Natalie's dress back down, made her presentable, and returned to the front seat. He examined the contents of her large purse and found, among other items, a bottle of Intimate perfume and a plastic circle of birth control pills; apparently she had just started a new cycle.

And what's this? A diary! Great! He'd love to read it. "Ohhh, my head." She was slurring her words, waking up. "You were right. I drank too much. I'm sorry. I'm so embarrassed." He quickly pushed the diary under the seat. If she noticed it missing before she left the car, they could search and find it. Otherwise, he'd find it after she left and figure out some way return it to her the following day. Natalie was beginning to move around the back seat, trying to sit up. "Are we there yet?"

He helped her out of the car and walked her to the door. "Thank you, thank you," she murmured over and over tenderly into his ear. "I love you so much. You are always so good to me. When I'm in your arms, I feel safe." Was she speaking now as Mina or as Natalie? It didn't matter. She kissed him lightly on the lips, staggered inside, and shut the door. Yes, no doubt about it. He had to fuck her and fuck her good and do it soon--or he'd die!

The wife was asleep when he got home. Good. He couldn't wait to read Natalie's diary. He savored it slowly, cover to cover, which took him a couple of hours. It was a five-year diary that she had started at age 12. Natalie had lost her virginity in the 7th grade. She had a crush on a teacher and teased him until he kept her after school one day and fucked her. Over the years she had fucked teachers, coaches, counselors, and even one principal. The pattern was the same. She'd flirt with an older man and tease him until he couldn't stand it any more and ended up fucking her.

While in 9th grade she had sex with a few high school seniors, but they had come in her too quickly, leaving her unsatisfied. And one of them had bragged to his friends about it. She was constantly having young guys her own age and a little older ask her out, but she had since decided to stick to older men instead.

A few years ago she had started going to see a shrink. Apparently, she had been negatively impacted by growing up without a father. It seemed she often thought of her older lovers as father substitutes, the psychologist had told her. She had ended up having sex with him, too.

Sometimes Natalie would go with one of her older lovers on trips, pretending to be his daughter. That got her especially excited. According to the diary, what got her turned on the most was pretending she was an innocent little girl and having an older man--especially one she imagined as her father--be authoritative with her, not loving and gentle. That was the only way she really liked oral sex, being told she had to do it. She had once even tried anal intercourse like that but hadn't really cared for it.

She had teased the director of _West Side Story_ until he seduced her. She had especially liked getting fucked in her Maria outfit. He had fucked her since starting _Dracula_, too. One night he had come over dressed as the Prince of Darkness and had spilled fake blood all over her before fucking her. He had made the fake blood out of clear corn syrup and red food coloring. But she was beginning to get bored with him because he wasn't coming up with anything new and exciting.

She had mentioned Preston several times in her most recent diary entries, confessing she loved him dearly as a special friend, wishing he weren't married. She had even had a recent dream about him as Dr. Seward, her guardian, coming to her as Mina, stretching her across his knees on her stomach, lifting her dress, and spanking her for being naughty, making her come over and over before he proceeded to fuck her in the mouth, cunt, and even ass, making her come over and over even more. She had awakened from dream, feeling all warm and wet, and fingered her clit and sopping pussy to a thundering climax.

Preston had a hard time going to sleep that night.

He saw in the morning paper that the play had received a good review. The critic said that Preston's performance as Seward, however, was a bit "wooden" although "convincing overall, especially in his tender scenes with Mina." Most of the review lavished unbridled praise for Natalie's "sensuous" performance as Mina.

He was wooden, all right. Being around little Natalie gave him a constant hard-on.

That morning Preston calmly announced to his wife that their marriage was over. To this perfunctory statement he added that he was leaving immediately and she could have anything she wanted--have it all, in fact. The only thing he desired was his freedom and an opportunity to start over. The wife ran into the bathroom, later emerging after he had left, and went to her mother's, from where called her lawyer, initiating Plan B.

Later that day Preston moved into a furnished apartment.

He got the pictures from the night before developed--he had a friend he could trust do it--and put them into his scrap book. Looking at the sleeping nymph's spread pinkness erased any doubts as to whether or not he was doing the right thing.

When he picked up little Natalie that evening, she mentioned her missing diary. They searched the car, and she found it under the seat where it had apparently fallen from her purse, and she was greatly relieved to have it back. "Aren't you going to let me read it?" Preston teased.

"I'd like to. I'd like to share everything with you, if I could," Natalie said. "But it's too personal, too embarrassing. But one of these days maybe I'll feel different and you can read it."

That night's performance was also a smashing success. The audience stood and cheered wildly. Preston drove Natalie home afterwards and walked her to the door. "Natalie, I have some important news to tell you." 

"My dear Preston, what is it? You look so serious."

"I've decided to leave my wife. I don't love her and don't want to be married to her any more. We're getting a divorce. In fact, I moved out of my house and into an apartment this afternoon."

"Oh, Preston, are you serious? Do you really mean it? How do you feel about it?

"Damn good."

"Oh, Preston, my dear Preston!" Natalie grabbed him, giggling, teasing, kissing him as he picked her up and twirled her around and around before finally setting her down.

"And there's something else even more important I want to tell you, but I'd like for it to be inside, okay?"

"Sure, Preston. I'm so happy."

Moments later they were seated on the sofa, handing hands. "Natalie, you and I have something in common. You've always wanted a father, and I've always wanted a daughter. I'm making a proposal. I want to adopt you. I want to be your daddy and for you to be my own adorable little girl. And I don't want us just to pretend this while we're doing a play. I want to take care of you and protect you and be your daddy for the rest of my life. What do you think of that?

Natalie started crying and hugged him. "I'd love for you to be my daddy. Do you really mean that? But how could that happen? What about my mother?"

"Well, I probably can't legally adopt you--at least not for a while. I doubt she'd go for that. But I'll make you my daughter every other way I can. I'll make you my legal heir. I'll help you financially. I'll help you get a dependable car. I'll help you finish school and go to college if you want. As soon as you turn 18, you'll be legally free to do whatever you want, and you can move in with me. I want to love you, give you everything I can that you missed out on growing up."

"Oh, Preston, I love you so much. I wish I could be your good little girl. But there's so much about me you don't know. You probably wouldn't want me if you knew the truth. I'm not as sweet and innocent as you might think."

"Natalie, your past--whatever it is--doesn't matter. It's just that--past--over, finished. What matters is what happens from now on, today, tomorrow, just you and me, and I plan to take care of all your needs, all your needs, understand?"

"Yes, Preston, I understand. I think so. This is too good to be true. I must be dreaming. I'm so happy."

"Of course, you can continue to call me Preston, especially when others are around who might not understand yet. But anytime you want, especially when we're alone, I want you to call me Daddy, understand?"

"Yes, Pres--I mean, Daddy. Oh, Daddy, you really are my daddy and love me, don't you?"

"I expect you to love me and respect me as your father and do whatever I tell you, understand?"

"Yes, Daddy, I'll do whatever you say."

"Good girl. Now listen carefully to what I want you to do. Get caught up on your homework and get a good night of sleep. Tomorrow's our final performance. I want you to explain to your mother that you'll be spending tomorrow night at a girlfriend's house celebrating the success of your play."

"I'll do as you say, Daddy, but why will I tell her that?"

"Because, my dear daughter, tomorrow after the show you and I are going on a little trip together. We're going to drive to another city nearby and check into a fancy hotel as father and daughter."

"Oh, boy, I love trips! But you wouldn't make your little girl sleep in a room all by herself, would you, Daddy? I'd get so lonely during the night, especially if it rained and stormed. I'd need you to protect me--especially from vampires."

"No, my precious girl, you won't have to sleep alone. We'll share the same room and the same bed. And I want us to play a game."

"A game! Oh, Daddy, I love games! You've already got me so excited."

"I want you to dress up like a young little Natalie. You can be any age you want."

"Oh, I'd love to be your little girl! Could I be 12, Daddy, could I? I'd like you to see me as I was when I was12. Would you like that?"

"You can be any age you want. Twelve is perfect. But remember, little Natalie, you have to do everything your Daddy tells you. And if you're naughty and tease your Daddy too much, he might have to spank you."

"Spank me!" Natalie jumped onto his lap and put her arms around him. "Oooo, Daddy, you wouldn't really spank your little girl for being bad would you?"

"Oh, yes, Precious One. I'll insist on it. You'll have to lie across your Daddy's lap, and I'll have to raise your dress up, and spank you across your adorable little ass."

"You wouldn't pull my little girl panties down, too, would you?" she whispered.

"Yes, I might, if you're naughty and tease your Daddy too much. Now, I want you to be a good girl and be ready to leave after tomorrow's performance. We'll stop on the way so you can change into your little girl outfit. Now before I leave, I want you to kiss your Daddy good night."

"Oh, Daddy, I love you so much." She kissed him with her mouth open and began moving her tongue against his, whimpering, moaning, pressing her breasts into his chest, gently undulating her ass on his lap against the hard bulge in his pants.

"Am I being a naughty girl, Daddy?"

"Yes, my adorable child, I'm afraid so. Keep this up, and your Daddy will have to give you a good spanking tomorrow night."

As Preston drove home, he marveled at his self-control--or stupidity--whichever it was. Of course, he had wanted to fuck little Natalie silly as soon as possible, and that could have been tonight. She would have readily submitted to him and done anything he told her. But no, he wasn't interested in just a quick fuck. He wanted their first time to be special, and he wanted more, much more. He was serious about being little Natalie's father. Maybe fathers shouldn't do what he had in mind for her, but he was nevertheless sincere in everything he had said to her. He wanted to love her and protect her and give her anything he could that she might have missed out on growing up. And he wanted to dedicate the rest of his life to pleasing her in special ways.

The young actress was ready to go to their final performance when Preston pulled up the following day. She ran out, threw her overnight bag in the back seat, slid over next to him, and started licking his ear and blowing hotly into it. "I missed you, Daddy," she purred. "I talked to Mom, and it's all set. I'll be spending the night at Debbie's. I can trust her. I've often covered for her when she was supposed to be staying over with me."

Later at the theater, just before curtain, Natalie as Mina found Preston as Seward backstage in the darkness. "Dr. Seward, I don't think you've been giving your Mina enough of your attention lately." She pressed herself against him, rubbing her tits back and forth across his chest.

"Now, Mina, that's no way for a proper Victorian lady to act toward her guardian," Preston teased back.

Over in a corner Natalie spotted a huge ladder under a worklight. "Dr. Seward, would you be so kind as to hold that ladder for me? I want to exercise my calves a moment or two before the show starts."

Preston held the ladder as she lifted her long Victorian gown to her knees and started climbing up directly in front of him. From where he was standing, as she climbed higher, he had an excellent view of her legs. Natalie wasn't wearing stockings--no need, since the gown completely covered her legs. Finally she leaned forward, sticking out her ass, and he could see her cheeks covered by thin red panties. Were they those same red panties? He thought so. She turned around, facing forward and leaning back, spreading her legs, giving him a clear view of her panty-covered teenage snatch. "Ooo, Dr. Seward, what are you doing down there? You're not trying to look up your little Mina's dress, are you?"

"Of course not, my child. Now you come on down, for the show's about to begin."

That night the teenager gave her best performance as Mina. She was glowing, effervescent. In their scene where she murmurs, "When I'm in your arms, I feel safe," she added in a whisper, so soft that audience couldn't hear, "I want you to fuck me. Don't you want to fuck your little Mina?" Preston was delighted, though speechless--yet, to his credit, he stayed in character and kept smiling tenderly, fatherly, at her.

The show ended amid a uproarious standing ovation filled with many a "Bravo!" from the cheering fans. Because of Natalie, the cast had three additional curtain calls. Maybe the audience had heard what she had whispered to him after all?

Afterwards, several cast members ran up to the teenage starlet and asked if she would be coming to the final cast party. "No, I'd like to, but my Daddy is taking me out for a special celebration tonight." She winked at Preston.

Soon Preston and Natalie were on the road. "Oh, Daddy, I'm going to be a good girl for you. I love you so much." She snuggled against him and kept touching and kissing him. 

Preston soon stopped at a fancy restaurant. He got a table as Natalie ran into the ladies room with her overnight bag. Several moments later she emerged and skipped over to his table. "Daddy! I bet you thought I was never going to come out, did you?"

"Come over here and sit beside me, you naughty girl. Making your Daddy wait so long. It's a good thing we aren't alone." 

Preston was delighted in little Natalie's changed persona. She indeed looked, acted, and sounded as he imagined she must have been like at age12 when she had lost her virginity. Her hair in two small ponytails, she had removed most of her make-up except for a little red lipstick. She could have easily passed for a school girl at a private school. She was wearing a white blouse through which you could see a sports bra that almost looked like a training bra except that her breasts pushed it out much farther than might be expected for a girl of that age. Below the blouse was a dark-blue mini-skirt with white knee-high stockings that left some of her upper thighs exposed. And on her feet were black school-girl shoes with black metal buckles.

They were seated in a private corner at a circular table covered with a cloth that extended nearly to the floor. Natalie reached under the table and dropped her fork. "Daddy, would you pleeeease get my fork? I dropped it under the table."

"Here, Natalie, you can have mine, and I'll get another."

"Nooooo, Daddy, you don't understand. I want that fork. Pleeeease."

"It'll be dirty. You don't want to eat with a dirty fork, do you."

"Pleeease, Daddy, I'll wipe it off. Would you get it for me, would ya, pretty pleeease?"

"All right, since you asked me so nice." Preston crawled under the table on all fours, picked up the fork, and looked over at little Natalie's legs. The mini-skirt was nearly to her waist, but she was modestly pressing her legs together.

"Do you see it, Daddy?"

"No, not yet. I think it might be under your seat. It might help me if you'd move your legs a little bit."

The teasing teenager then slowly opened her legs and spread them wide apart. Preston was presented with a clear close-up view of her panty-covered crotch. She was wearing little-girl cotton panties with red hearts and yellow flowers on them. He could see the indentation of her slit but saw no evidence of pubic hair. Maybe the cotton was too thick? 

"Does this help, Daddy? Can you see better now?"

"Yes, Sweetheart. That helps a lot. I see it now. I'll get it. Don't move. It's right under your seat."

Just then the waiter walked up and Natalie started giggling. "My Daddy's under the table trying to find my fork."

"I'm so sorry, Miss. He shouldn't have to do that. I'll go get another." And he quickly left.

Natalie continued to act playful throughout the meal. At one point she wouldn't eat her vegetables unless her Daddy lifted her fork and fed them to her. He was drinking Southern Comfort and ordered a Shirley Temple for her, which she drank gleefully.

Afterwards, they drove to a nearby city and checked into a Hyatt House. Natalie ran into the room and dove on the king-sized bed and began hopping up and down on it as if were a trampoline. "Wheee, this is fun," she said as she landed on her bottom, her dress flying up to her waist, revealing all of her colorful cotton little-girl panties.

"Natalie, come over here and sit on your Daddy's lap," Preston commanded as he sat on a large sofa in the room. "Okay, Daddy." The little girl climbed on his lap, hugged him, and pressed her head against his chest.

"Natalie, it hurts me to say this, but you've been a very naughty girl today."

"Have I been a naughty little girl, Daddy?"

"Afraid so. You've been teasing your Daddy all day, and I'm going to have to punish you."

"You're not going to spank me, are?" The precious little girl looked as if she was about to cry.

"Yes. Remember I told you that if you were naughty, I'd have to spank you."

"No, Daddy. Pleeease don't. Please don't spank me. I'll be a good little girl. Oh, no. Please don't spank me. I don't think I could stand it if you did."

"You should have thought about that before. Now stretch out across my lap on your stomach. He positioned her so that her crotch was directly over his hard cock, which was pressing against her.

"Oooooooo, what's this hard thing in your pants, Daddy? It's hurting me. Why don't you take it out?"

"Don't worry about that, little Natalie. Now you keep still so that your Daddy can spank you."

But the naughty little girl kept squirming her crotch against his hard cock. Her dress was nearly flipped up to her panties. Preston rubbed his hands along the back of her legs, finally lifting the dress to her waist, revealing her little-girl cotton panties in their entirety.

"Do you like my panties, Daddy? I got them especially for you. Do you like the little hearts and flowers?"

"Yes, Natalie. They're pretty. Your Daddy is pleased with your panties."

"Then you don't have to spank me, do you, Daddy? I'll be a good girl. I promise."

Preston rubbed his hands against her firm ass cheeks and massaged them through the cotton panties.

"Oooo, that feels sooo good, Daddy. You like to rub your little girl's bottom, don't you?"

Preston ran his fingers along the crack of her ass, pressing in at her asshole. "What's this I feel here, Sweetheart?"

"Oooh, Daddy. That your little girl's bung-hole. It tickles when you touch me there."

"And what's this?" Preston was now running his finger gently, slowly, up and down the slit of the teenager's tender pussy.

"Oooooh, Daddy. That's your little girl's pussy. Oooooooh, it feels sooooo goooood when you touch me there."

"I'm going to take your shoes off. You can leave on your pretty white stockings." Preston removed her shoes and massaged her feet through her stockings. "Oh, Daddy, that feels good when you touch my feet. You are making me feel so relaxed."

"Now sit up for a minute so that I can remove your blouse and bra."

"Does Daddy want to see his little girl's titties?"

"You bet, Princess. Daddy wants to see every inch of his precious little Natalie."

Preston quickly stripped off her blouse and bra off, leaving the teenager clad only in her white knee-high stockings and cotton panties.

He sat her on his lap, with his torso between her legs, folded on either side of him. He rubbed her tits, making the nipples hard and jutting out. He started pressing the nipples between his thumb and forefinger and bent forward and started sucking on them, one, then the other, finally pressing them together so that he could suck both nipples at the same time.

"Oooooooh, Daddy, ooooo, that feels so good. Your little girl can feel it in her pussy every time you do that. It feels so good! It makes me tingle down there."

"Why don't you show your Daddy where it feels so good?" Natalie lay on her back while Preston slowly pealed the cotton panties from her hips and legs. Jesus H. Christ! Natalie had shaved off her pubic hair! Her pussy now really did look just like a little girl's! "Now, my precious Natalie, spread you legs real wide so that your Daddy can get a good look at his little girl's pussy."

Natalie held her legs together. "I'm shy, Daddy. I feel strange with your staring at me. Especially with all these lights are on. I'll be a good little girl for you, Daddy, but please don't make me show you my pussy."

"Natalie, remember, you have to do what your Daddy commands. Now he's telling you to be a good little girl for him and open your legs real wide so that he can see his little girl's tender pink pussy."

"Okay, Daddy, if I have to." Natalie closed her eyes and slowly opened her legs until they were wide apart. Her pussy unfurled slowly like a blooming pink rose.

"Now, that's my girl. Your Daddy wants a better look. I want you to use your fingers and spread your little pussy real wide for me and show me where it feels so good when your Daddy sucks your tits.

"Oh, do I have to touch myself there, Daddy? I feel so embarrassed."

"You want to please your Daddy, don't you? Don't feel embarrassed. Your Daddy likes to see his little girl touch her pussy."

Natalie took her two hands and spread her pussy lips wide apart and pulled back the skin at the top to uncover her clit. "Here, Daddy. This is where it feels so good," she said, pointing to her swollen love button.

"Open your eyes, Precious. I want you to see how much your Daddy likes looking at your pussy. Natalie shyly opened her eyes. "Now you keep holding your pussy open like that, sweetheart. Your Daddy's going to make you feel even better."

Preston knelt before her spread legs and started licking and tasting little Natalie's teenage pussy. He put the entire clit in his mouth and sucked hard on it.

"Oooooooooooooo, Daddy! Oooooooooo! What are you doing? You're driving me crazy. It feels soooooo gooooooooooood!"

He licked up and down her female slit, from her clit to her asshole, even sticking his tongue in her nether orifice. He pressed his tongue into her vagina as far as it would go and tongue-fucked her repeatedly with it. Then he concentrated on her clit again, sucking it, and lapping it maddeningly up and down in rapid succession.

"Daddy! Ohhhhhhhh. I can't stand it. It feels soooooo gooooood. Am I being a good girl, Daddy? Am I?"

"Yes, little Natalie. But now I want you to do something special for me. I want you to come all over my mouth."

"Okay, Daddy. I'll do what you say. I'll be a gooooood little girl and--ahhhhhhhh, I'm coming! I'm coming! I'm coming! Oh, I can't stop. Oooooooo, is this what you want, Daddy? I'm cooooomming for you all over your mouth!"

Natalie kept bucking and thrashing and grinding her pelvis against Preston's face as she continued to come several more times over the next few minutes. Finally, she collapsed and nearly passed out.

Preston grabbed her, sat down, and again slung her over his lap. "Daddy, what are you doing? Wasn't I a good little girl like you wanted me to be?"

"Yes, but I nearly forgot that spanking I've been promising you."

"You don't have to spank me now. I'll be a good little girl. Please don't spank meeeee!"

Preston pushed his left hand under her until he felt her pussy slit. Working upward, he found her clit and rested his middle finger against it. With the closed palm of his right hand, he swung down and smartly smacked the backs of Natalie exposed buttocks.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

With each spank, he could feel Natalie's clit throb. Soon she was very wet there.

"Oh, Daddy, I'm sorry I've been a naughty little girl. Yes, I must be spanked. Keep spanking me. Ooooh, yes, harder. I'm a naughty little girl. A naughty, naughty little girl. Ohhhhhhhh, Daddy, that feels sooooooooo goooooood. Thank you for such goooood discipline! Ohhhhhhhh."

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!
"
Oh, God, Daddy, Ohhhhhhhhh, Oh, my God, I'm commmmmmmmmming again. I'm coming and coming and coming. I can't stop. Please stop. Ohhhhhh."

Little Natalie's body was shuttering in uncontrolled spasms as she climaxed again and again and again. Preston finally stopped slapping her ass, which was now flushed pink but not at all bruised. In a few moments it would return to its natural color. He lifted her gently and placed her in the center of the bed and quickly stripped off all his clothes and turned off all the bright lights, leaving only a little light spilling in from the bathroom.

Preston stretched out beside little Natalie and lifted her into his arms and began kissing her wetly, moving his hands up and down her back and on either side of her face. "Oh, Daddy, ohhhhhhh, you made me feel so good. No one has ever made me feel that way before. I'm still shaking all over like a leaf."

"I love you so much, my precious little Natalie. I love you with my whole heart, body, and soul. I'm going to be the best Daddy in the world and take good care of you."

"Thank you, thank you," she murmured over and over tenderly into his ear, as he rolled over on top of her. "I love you so much. You are always so good to me. When I'm in your arms, I feel safe." He positioned his hard cock between her legs and felt for her moist opening. Then she whispered, "I want you to fuck me Daddy. Don't you want to--Oh! Ooooooooooooooh. Oh, God, it feels soooooooo good, Daddy. Oh, God, your cock is all the way in your little girl's pussy, and it feels soooo goooooood. I thought it would hurt, but it didn't at all. That's it. Fuck me, Daddy. Keep fucking me. Don't ever stop. Come on. Fuck your little Natalie. Fuck meeeeeeeee!"

Preston's cock felt so good sliding into Natalie's tender pussy. Her opening was tight and had to stretch a little to accommodate his cock. At first he didn't think it would go in, but then her pussy's entrance expanded a little and he pressed forward slipped in as she arched her pelvis against him, and in a few more strokes he was pressing the head of his dick against her uterus and his balls were banging against her asshole as he kept thrusting into her again and again and again.

He pressed his mouth against hers and they slobbered all over each other with their tongues, and she keep moaning and whimpering and arching her pelvis up to meet each of his thrusts as he kept ramming his swollen pole into her again and again and again.

He reached underneath and grabbed her ass cheeks and jerked her harshly forward against his cock to match each of his inflamed thrusts.

Then he rolled over on his stomach and had her ride up and down on his cock, first, facing toward him as he grabbed and pinched her bouncing tits and, then, with her on top facing away from him. He used his hands and strong arms to help her ride up and down and up and down as his hard cock kept spearing the slot in her wet slit. She leaned back with her hands behind her and kept bucking up and down on his cock. He reached around and fingered her clit, which was swollen and hard. Then he put her on her knees with her ass sticking up and pumped her savagely doggie style, in and out, in and out, smack, smack, smack, his pistoning in and out of her wet cunt at times making obscene sucking sounds.

As he continued fucking her, he kept picturing little Natalie in his mind, first as the sexy Maria with her garters and red panties, then as the coy Mina, teasing him on the ladder, also showing him her red panties, later whispering for him to fuck her. He thought of the teenager's pinkness spread open as she slept in his car, and he thought of her little-girl panties with the hearts and flowers.

Then he rolled her over on her back again and lift her legs above his shoulders so he could penetrate her deeply and grabbed her at the waist to pull her forward as he thrust into her again and again and again.

"Oh, Daddy," Natalie babbled, "you are fucking me soooooooooooo goooooood! Oh, God, I'm going to--Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah, I'm coooooooooooooming! Again! I'm coming again! I'm coooooooooming! Ohhhhh, Daddy, please come in me. I want to feel you shoot it in me. Come on, fuck me hard, Daddy, fuck your little Natalie, fuck me gooooooooooood. I'm your good little girl."

And finally Preston could hold it back no longer. In a blinding explosion his nuts erupted and he shook all over from his toes to his head as his cock began spewing currents of warm sperm into the farthest reaches of little Natalie's teenage pussy.

"Oh, Natalie, I'm cooooooooooooooming in you. Ungh! Ungh! Ungh! That's it. Take it! Milk my cock with your tight pussy. That's a good girl. You're such a goooooood little girl." He kept thrusting wads of cum into her tight snatch as he felt her spasming under him.

They collapsed into each other's arms and fell asleep.

A little later Preston awoke with a hard-on. Little Natalie was already awake and stroking his hard cock up and down. He pushed her head down toward his cock until it was throbbing in front of her mouth. "What are you doing, Daddy? No, you don't want me to--and he rammed it into her oral cavity, causing her at first to gag, wads of spit sliding down his cock as she slurped away, first hesitantly, then with more and more enthusiasm and expertise. It wasn't long until she was able to take his entire cock down her throat.

"That's a good little girl, Natalie. Suck your Daddy's cock and make it feel real good. You want to make your Daddy feel good, don't you?"

"Yes, Daddy, I--ooogh, ooogh, ooogh--want to please you, she tried to gasp while his cock was on the back stroke.

He spun her around in a 69 position and opened her pussy as she continued to suck up and down on his cock. He spread her lips apart and saw that the little girl was still wet with his cum, leaking, seeping out of her pussy, down her slit, all the way to her tightly clinched asshole. He started licking and sucking her clit and finger-fucking her wet snatch, first, with one finger, then with two, as he pressed them against the inside top of her opening, trying to find her sweet spot, and then--

"Oh, God! I'm coming again--ooogh, ooogh, ooogh--Natalie gasped between slurps. And she began humping and sliding her crotch all over his face as she spasmed again and again.

Natalie, I want you to be a good girl and make your Daddy come good. And I want to taste and swallow my cum. And don't you waste a single drop, understand?"

"Yes, Daddy, I'll be a good girl. I want to taste your cum and swallow every--"

"Oh, Natalie, oh, God, there it is. I'm cooooooooooming, I'm coming, ahhhhhhh, I'm coming in your sweet little mouth. Yes, that's such a good little girl. Swallow all of it. Keep tasting it. That's it. Get it all. Get every drop. Lick it. Swallow every drop. You're such a gooooooooood girl."

Spurt after spurt after spurt of Preston's warm sperm flooded little Natalie's mouth. She gulped and kept slurping as wave after wave of semen spewed all over her tongue, against the roof of her mouth, against the back, cutting off for a moment her air supply, making her gag, but gamely she kept swallowing the salty, acidic-tasting slime as it repeatedly coated her mouth.

Again, they drifted off to sleep.

Preston woke later, and as he watched naked little Natalie lying asleep next to him, he started getting yet another erection. He could hardly believe it. He had never been so virile in his whole life.

He reached over and began fingering Natalie's clit and pussy, which was still wet and leaking love juices. Little Natalie started to wake up. "Oh, Daddy, you're not going to fuck your little girl again tonight, are you? My pussy's so tender and sore."

She rolled over and started kissing him as he lubricated the opening to her tight ass with some of their love juices seeping out of her cunt. "Daddy! What are you doing? You aren't going to fuck your little Natalie in the ass, are you? You're too big. You'll hurt me. You'll split me apart with your big cock. Why don't you let me suck it for you again instead?"

Ignoring her whimpering pleas, Preston pressed a wet finger slowly up her ass while he used his other hand to continue rubbing her clit.

He positioned his cock against her anal opening, and spreading her ass cheeks as far apart as her could, he pressed slowly forward. It felt like he was trying to squeeze his hard dick into a tiny knothole in the side of a fence. Her ass wouldn't budge.

"Owl! Daddy, that hurts! It's too tight! You're too big. You're hurting me. I can't take it. Please don't fuck your little girl in the ass. I'll be a good little girl, I promise, but pleeeease don't fuck me in the ass. I can't stand it!"

Preston got some lotion and slicked down her opening and his cock with it and tried again, pressing forward slowly. She had such tiny little body and her hole was so small. "Try to relax, Natalie. You have to do what I say. Your Daddy wants to fuck you in the ass and make you come. So you be a good girl and try to help!"

"Yes, Daddy, I'll try. I want to be a good girl for you. You can fuck your little Natalie in the ass and make her come. Push it in me, Daddy! Please push a little harder! Ohhhhhhhhhhh, I can feel it sliding into me. There. There! Ohhhhhhh. It's all the way in. It feels like a hot poker rammed into my guts. Ohhh. Am I pleasing you, Daddy? Am I? Do you like fucking your little girl in the ass? Oh, fuck my ass, Daddy, fuck it good, fuck me in the ass, Daddy, keep fucking me and make me come. I want to be your good little girl. Ohhh, keep fucking meeeeeeeeee!"

Preston finally felt Natalie's tight ass stretch enough for him in slide in. Her ass felt buttery and hot and after a fucking her for a minute or two his cock began to slide in and out of her easily. He began ramming his cock into her again and again as hard as he could thrust it

"Oh, Daddy! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! You're fucking me so goooooooooooood! My ass feels on fire. Oh, God, you're going to make me come again. Daddy! There! There! Yes! Oh, Daddy, Oh, Daddy, I'm commmmmmmmmmmming again. I can't believe it. I'm coming again. Go ahead and come into your little girl's tight ass. I want to feel your cum deep inside me. Come in me goooooooooood, Daddy. I want to be your good little girl.

Preston was almost there. One or two more thrusts and--"Oh, God, Natalie. That's it! Oh, God, I'm commmmmmmmmmmming in your tight little teenage ass. Oh, God, take it all, Baby. It feels soooooo gooooood! Preston jabbed gobs of cum up ass as he kept sodomizing her again and again and again until he finally collapsed next to her. He watch his cum trickle out of her ass and drip down on the bedsheet.

Preston turned out the remaining light and flopped back down next to little Natalie, taking her in his arms, squeezing her, and kissing her wetly, exploring her mouth with his tongue. She moaned and ardently kissed him back, pressing her tiny body against his.

"Have I been a good little girl tonight, Daddy? Have I"

"Yes, my precious Natalie. You're the best little girl in the whole wide world. I love you so much. No Daddy could love you more. I'm so proud of you. You've made your Daddy feel very special tonight."

"Thank you, thank you," she murmured over and over tenderly into his ear. "I love you so much. You are always so good to me. When I'm in your arms, I feel safe."

Just then, little Natalie jumped at the sound of thunder. Lightning flashed followed by even louder thunder, and high winds began to slam rain against the windows and roof. "I'm scared, Daddy. I want you to protect me." She snuggled up closer and pulled a sheet over them. You won't let any vampire come in and take your little girl away, will you?"

"There, there, my little daughter. Don't worry, precious Natalie. I'll protect you." And he started kissing her gently, repeatedly, on the side of her head and cheek. She was soon sleeping contentedly in his arms. For a short eternity only the two of them existed. Preston never wanted to let her go.

Before he drifted off to sleep, Preston thought about his lifelong love affair with Natalie Wood. She had been a beautiful actress, yes, and would always be radiantly beautiful in her movies, but now she was dead and gone. The only Natalie that mattered now was his little Natalie. He wanted his love for her to last forever. How could he show it? Maybe when she turned 18, he would add another title to that of Daddy. Maybe he would also become her husband? Maybe they would have some new little Natalies of their own. Wouldn't that be great? And how about a web page for his little teenager? Pictures of her in her panties, pictures of her spread pink pussy, home videos of him fucking her? He wanted to preserve their love forever. He wasn't a CompUSA manager for nothing. Oh, my precious Natalie, just you wait. Our life is just starting. Some would never believe this incredible story, but, wherever her soul and spirit resides, no doubt Natalie would.




















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....