Archive-name: School/naughty2.txt
Archive-author: Andrew L. Roller
Archive-title: Naughty Naked Dreamgirls 2


Mary felt her bottom cheeks pulled apart.  A pointed tongue touched
her anus.

**** Episode Three **** Our story continues:

It was silly.  It was crazy.  Two grown women suckling the breasts of a
third  like newborn babes.  Someday they would be managers, directors,
corporate executives.  But at this moment they were just beautiful, naked
girls, aroused by their adventures and surrounded by copulating friends.
It was a case, too, of the 'hostage syndrome,' of prisoners falling in
love with their captor, of the captor coming to care for the captive.

Therese kissed the top of each girls' head.

"Are you my babies?"  Therese cooed.  "Do you want to be my babies?
Let me untie you and I'll soothe your poor scorched bottoms with baby
oil."

Therese reached down and worked her fingers into the cords about the
two girls' wrists as Mary and Susie continued to suckle.  It took a few
minutes, the bonds having been made very secure, but eventually Therese
worked them apart.

Surprisingly, Mary and Susie stayed in position, merely pulling their
elbows beneath their breasts to better support their weight.  Their lips
remained glued to Therese's teats.

"Now girls," Therese said, addressing the two as they slurped.  "Please,
it's time to stop this."  But the girls continued.

"Girls, I'm going to get up now," Therese said.  "Mary?  Susie?"  Finally
Therese just stood up.  The girls' mouths dropped open disappointedly
as they gazed up at the fruit that had been so rudely withdrawn.

"C'mon," Therese said, stepping to the side of Mary and grasping her
breasts and tummy.  Therese pulled Mary upright and off the chair.

Susie struggled to rise, at present unused to anything other than her
bent-over position.  Her muscles were stiff and sore.  Therese caught
her around the breasts and pulled up.  Susie tumbled off the side of the
chair and hung limply in Therese's arms.  Then she dropped heavily upon
her bottom to the floor, wincing as it came in contact with the carpet.

Mary stood briskly rubbing her bottom with her hands.

"I'll do that for you, honey," Therese said, stepping behind Mary and
cupping the girl's bottom in her palms.  Mary tossed back her head
and rested it on Therese's bare shoulder.  Her eyes met Therese's in a
lusty gaze.

"God, I'm horny," Mary said.  No further words were needed.  The girls'
lips meshed.  Therese's palms slipped to the front of Mary's thighs as
Mary ground her bottom cheeks into Therese's pubic hair.  Mary's hands
clasped together behind Therese's head.  Mary's breasts, sticking straight
out like the 'rocket tits' they were, cantilevered upward as Mary bent
back.  Therese's fingers stole to the creamy insides of Mary's thighs.

Just as Therese's fingertips skimmed up to Mary's labia lips Mary broke
the awkward embrace.

"You said I could be the teacher," Mary said, turning to Therese.

"Yes," Therese breathed.

Mary picked up two discarded cocktail glasses from the floor, their
contents empty save for a collection of slowly melting ice cubes.
Mary handed Therese a glass, reserving one for herself.

"Put the ice in your mouth, hold it there, let it melt over your tongue,"
Mary said, doing the same herself.

"Just what do you have planned?" Therese asked.

"You'll see," Mary grinned over a mouthful of ice.

The two girls stood there for a few minutes, their eyes sparkling at
each other, their bodies nude and full of desire.  It was a desperate,
wonderful feeling.

"Kneel," Mary commanded.

Therese obeyed.

Mary turned to Susie, who still sat where she had dropped upon the rug.

"Come here," Mary ordered.

Susie blinked, then crawled to Mary's feet like a little puppy.

Mary knelt down and kissed Susie lightly on the forehead.

"Turn around and present your bottom to me," Mary said.

"But it's sore," Susie whined, expecting a further round of erotic
flagellation.

"I know, darling, that's why I want it.  Don't worry," Mary said.

A bit hesitant, Susie did as she was told, but kept her head turned over
her shoulder to watch.

Mary then knelt on all fours herself, her own bottom presented to the
kneeling Therese.

"You don't need any baby oil if you want to soothe my bottom," Mary
told Therese.  "Just lick."

"Of course," Therese said, and at once applied her tongue to Mary's
red cheeks.

Mary turned and smiled at Susie.

"You don't have to do any work," Mary said.  "Just enjoy."  And with
that Mary began licking Susie's fire-streaked bottom.  Susie moaned at
the touch of Mary's cool, wet tongue to her burning derriere.  It was
a welcome relief after the scorching whip.

The girls were still busy licking a full ten minutes later when suddenly
Therese spoke up.

"Have you ever tried the feuille de rose?"  Therese asked Mary.

"What's that?"  Mary asked, still laving Susie's bottom.  Mary felt her
bottom cheeks pulled apart.  She was about to protest when a pointed
tongue, no doubt Therese's, touched her anus.  It circled the crinkled
hole once and then delved inside.  Mary shivered.

At once Mary decided to favor Susie with the same.  She parted the
blonde's bottom cheeks to find a taste of vaseline and pre-cum around
her rose.  Boldly, Mary stuck her tongue in as far as it would go.
Susie trembled, dropping her face to the carpet.  She pushed her bottom
back to capture more of Mary's soothing tongue.  Mary spread Susie's
cheeks wide and delved even deeper.

By this time some of the couples had ceased their erotic embracements
and had once again grown aware of those around them.  Their eyes turned
to Susie, Mary, and Therese; undoubtedly the ones engaged in the most
intriguing enterprise at the moment.

Mary was just getting the hang of Therese's newest attraction when
she realized the moans in the room had died down.  Mary looked up,
her fingers still separating Susie's bottom cheeks.

Half the room was staring at her.

"Go for it!"  A man shouted.  Some of the girls looked incredulous.

Susie looked up, blearily wondering what had happened to her bottom's
lithe wet suitor.

Mary dropped Susie's buttocks and pulled her bottom from Therese.
Therese looked up.  The room was silent.

"Uh, who would like to try this with us?"  Therese asked, making light
of the matter.

No one answered.

Therese rose.

"I learned that in France, as an exchange student," Therese said.
"It's weird, especially with other women, but it's fun."

"Let's all try it!"  A man suggested.

At first there was no response.  But then, with some who only pretended
to be strangers to the practice taking the lead, the group soon settled
into a bout of anal tittilation.    The game promised to be a delightful
interlude between genitilic engagements.

Therese, Susie, and Mary were about to join in the merriment when suddenly
the fire of an unattended coffee pot replaced the fires of passion.
Suddenly the Phi Oui sorority house was ablaze with more than scorched
bottoms or burning loins.  The fire alarm went off, breaking the absorbed
reverie of the room.

***

"What a night," Mary said to Susie, gliding over to her as Susie plunked
down her books by the pool.

"I never did get to come," Susie said ruefully.

Mary laughed.

"Isn't it funny?"  Mary giggled.  "A day ago we didn't even know each
other!  Now we're sharing our sexual frustrations!"

"Shhh!"  Therese said, suddenly appearing beside the girls.  Her body
was wet from the pool.

"No doubt you remember this person," Mary said to Susie.

"If I try to forget my bottom will remind me at once," Susie said.

"Don't worry, we're due to give Therese a whipping of her own; eh,
Therese?"  Mary asked, reminding the girl of last night's agreement.

"Well, if  you insist," Therese said.  "But I'm rather bored with
whippings myself."

"Which is why I've ordered a nice slim cane from that silly sex shop
downtown," Mary replied.  Therese looked surprised.  "Its being delivered
to my apartment in an hour.  Why don't we just lounge around the pool
here with these other students until it arrives?"

"Uh, I have a class," Therese said.  "Several, in fact."

Mary took Therese by the arm.

"Come, dearest," Mary said.  "Let's go relax on those chairs by the
jacuzzi and think naughty thoughts."

"Good God, and you were such a shy girl once," Therese said, relenting.

"You've created a monster, dearest," Mary replied.

Mary's apartment was cool, a welcome relief from what had turned out to
be a very hot day.  The air conditioner purred obediently.  The girls,
clad only in trifling bikinis, sipped mixed drinks as they waited for
the delivery boy to arrive with Mary's cane.

What the girls had hoped might be a muscular, virile young jock turned
out to be a nerd instead, with Mary's package under one arm and a fistful
of odd-sized xeroxed literature in the other.  Mary quickly paid the
boy and dismissed him, whereupon he reluctantly returned to an absorbed
reading of BATDING, Year Three Part 1.  Mary heard the boy trip over a
lump in the hallway carpeting as he headed for the elevator.

"Shall we undress you, or can you do that yourself?"  Mary asked Therese.

"Aren't I naked enough for you already?"  Therese asked.

"I want you just like I was last night," Mary grinned maliciously.

"But that was an official sorority function," Therese objected.

Susie had been edging up on Therese from behind and, with that statement,
Susie grabbed the brunette, spilling Therese's cocktail from her hand
and down the front of her tawny body.

"Now look what you've done, you've gotten your swimsuit all wet," Mary
admonished Therese as she jumped in to help Susie hold the recalcitrant
girl securely.

"Fuck you!  What did your dumb friend grab me for, anyway?"

"Because I told her to," Mary replied.  "I expected some resistance
from you."

"Let me go!  I don't want to be caned!"  Therese snapped.  "What are
you two, anyway?  Lesbians?"

"Not at all,"  Mary replied.  "In fact, your remark just gave me an idea.
Come on, Susie, Let's get this girl tied down so we can attend to her
sassy bottom."

Therese struggled fiercely as Mary and Susie attempted to pull her
into Mary's bedroom.  Fortunately, perhaps owing to the genteel
rearing of the girls, the brawl did not descend into a "catfight."
Only a few scratches were inflicted (and these inadvertently), and no
hair was pulled.  Mary and Susie both lost their bikini bras, however,
and Susie's panties were pulled down to her knees.

Finally, however, perhaps sensing an opportunity for sexual fulfillment
in the matter (and Therese was particularly fond of the more decadent
forms of sexual fulfillment), Therese permitted herself to be thrown
upon Mary's bed and trussed down like an animal about to be branded.

"Gag her," Mary told Susie, as she swished her new cane through the air.

Susie knelt on the bed behind Therese, her own bottom naked and raised
to the air, and pulled off Therese's panties.  Then Susie stuffed the
panties in Therese's mouth and tied Therese's bra over them.

NEXT ISSUE:

"Do you like to fuck?"  Jed asked Susie.

"Only if it's done gently," Susie said.  "I'm not into all the things
Mary and Therese are."

"You mean S and M?"  Jed said.  "You can be trained to enjoy that.
Some girls have to be."

**** Convenient minicomic hardcopies of NAUGHTY NAKED DREAMGIRLS are
available for 50" postpaid from Watson Graphics, c/o Vinson Watson,
4141 South Indiana, Chicago, Illinois  60653; (312) 924- 1289.

NAUGHTY NAKED DREAMGIRLS is copyright 1988 by Andrew L.  Roller.  NAUGHTY
NAKED DREAMGIRLS is a trademark of Andrew L. Roller.  World rights
reserved, including the right to practice the sexual acts described
herein.  Licenses available.



