Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy

Naughty Mother* (mother discovers her 18 yr. Old son
masturbates while watching her take showers and ends up fucking
him in front of her husband)

	It all started one day shortly after I had gotten out of my
afternoon shower.  Because I enjoy such long showers the
bathroom tends to get steamy and I often leave the door open so
that it doesn't get too foggy.  

As I got out of the shower I thought I heard someone bump into
my bedroom wall as if they were in a hurry to get out before I
caught them.  I knew that the only person in the house was my 18
year old son James so I thought nothing of it.  That was, until
I came out of my room and heard a faint grunting sound coming
from my son's bedroom.

I know I shouldn't have done this, but my son's bedroom has a
rather large gap under the door where the shag rug used to be. 
Because of the nearly inch and a half gap under the door I knew
I would be able to see in my son's room and see what was going
on in there without him knowing.  Like a bad mother, I got on my
knees and peeked under his door.  What I saw shocked me.

There was my son sitting on the edge of his bed with his pants
around his ankles and masturbating himself vigorously.  His hand
pumped his thick prick over and over again as he grunted now and
then in pleasure.  I was amazed at the size of my son's
erection.  It had to have been over 8 inches long and very thick
- much thicker than his father's.  I watched in fascination as
my son finally stood up and shot his thick white load all over
the carpet with wet sounding thumps.

Quickly I got up and returned to my bedroom.  Suddenly I
realized that my pussy was soaking wet and I became ashamed. 
What was I thinking??? Watching my own son jerk himself off had
gotten me wetter than I'd been in years.  Then I got to
thinking. What had gotten him so excited?  Was he watching me in
the shower?  Was it him that made the thump against my bedroom
wall as he hurried back to his room to jerk off?  That thought
got me even wetter and I had to force myself to do my exercises
again to keep my mind off it.

My Naughty Shower

	The next day, after my shower, I checked my son's room again to
see what he was doing.  To my shock and delight (I'm afraid to
say) he was jerking himself off again.  As I watched him stroke
his young thick pole I couldn't help but start to fantasize. 
What would it be like to have that in me?  It was much thicker
than his father's and maybe a bit longer.  I enjoyed sex with my
husband immensely and knew that I could still comfortably take a
bit more cock (though my husband was plenty man enough).  The
thought of having a bigger cock inside me, my own son's cock,
drove me wild with passion.  I immediately returned to my room,
locked the door, and fucked myself to three orgasms with the 8
inch dildo I had bought behind my husbands back.  Each time I
came I was thinking about my son ramming his big hard cock up my
pussy and I knew that I would have to be with him as soon as I
could.

The next day I took an extra long shower and watched more
carefully.  I was fairly certain that my son was watching me
from the front of the shower (expecting my back to be turned). 
I risked a quick glance and saw my son watching me.  I KNEW IT! 
Turning my back to him again I decided to put on a little show.

I raised one knee and put it up on the edge of the tub so that
my legs were spread and then slowly ran my hand between my legs
and started playing with my pussy.  I rubbed my clit hard and
slow getting it all soapy and then used my fingers to part my
wet lips and give my son a good look up his mom's slit.  I slid
a finger into my aching pussy and wiggled it around deep inside
me hoping my son was still watching.  For nearly 10 minutes I
fingered my pink slit until the water started getting cold and I
had to stop the shower.

When I got out of the shower and checked my son's room he was
pounding his cock harder than ever and shot his load in just a
few seconds!  WOW!



New Exercise clothes

	Right after I fucked myself to 3 orgasms yet again I decided to
hurry out and by some sexy clothes so that I could turn my son
on all day long and see what he does.  I bought a new exercise
outfit that was a pair of white stretch pants (which I made sure
would show my pussy through the fabric if I didn't wear any
underwear) and a half shirt that when I didn't wear a bra would
let the bottom halves of my breasts hang out.

When James came home from school that day and saw me working out
in my new outfit, that was all it took.  The first thing James
did when he say my tits hanging half way out of my top was let
his mouth drop.

"Hello honey," I said innocently as I continued doing twists for
my exercise. 

"Hello..." James stammered.

I quickly bent over for the grand showing and grabbed my ankles.
 From this position James could see up my shirt and see my fully
naked breasts.  But it wasn't that he was looking at the most. 
With my ass in the air, James could see clearly the outline of
my bulging clit and the brown hair around it.  

I could see my son's prick harden instantly and he quickly
covered his erection with his coat.

"If you can see mine I should be able to see yours," I said from
my bent over position.

"Wha..??" James blushed.

"If your going to stare at your mother's pussy like that you
might as well let me see your hard on," I said boldly.

"I uh..." James struggled.

"You are staring at my pussy aren't you?" I asked.

"uh..." James continued in shock.

"Here," I said as I pulled down my pants and uncovered my bare
ass.  "Want to see it better?"

James' eyes were wide as he stared longly at my pink pussy and
brown pubic hair between my legs.

"Wow!" James said at last.

"You like it?" I asked.  "Should I take all my clothes off?"

"YA!" James said excitedly.  "I mean sure..."

As I peeled off my pants and top I started at my son.

"Come on," I said.  "Show me that big cock you want to fuck me
with."

"How did you know?" James said as he dropped his coat and
revealed his raging hard on through his sweats.

"Mother's ALWAYS know," I winked as he tugged at the draw
strings of his sweats and let them fall to the floor.

I gasped audibly as my son pulled off his underwear.  His cock
was so big and I was only moments away from having it buried
inside me.

"Your father would be jealous if he knew how much bigger you are
then him," I smiled.

James tore off his shirt as I lay down on the ground and raised
one knee.  Carefully I spread my legs as I looked up at my son.

"I can't wait to have that huge cock in me," I told him.

"Holy shit," James said as he got on his knees between my legs
and watched me spread my wet pussy for him.  He knew it was only
seconds before he would penetrate my insides and his cock
twitched with anticipation.

First my son laid down on top of me, his young muscular chest
smashing against my heaving breasts and he kissed me on the
mouth.  My tongue instinctively flicked out and met his as he
reached up and pinched my hard left nipple between his fingers
and twisted it back and forth playfully.  It was driving me
wild, the whole sensation of this.  My son's tongue in my mouth
as his fingers pinched and pulled at my hard nipples, his hard
cock smashed against my stomach dribbling pre-cum onto me.

I reached around my son and grabbed his tight ass in my hands. 
His buns were tight and hard from long days playing football and
I moaned at the thought of that tight ass pumping away between
my legs - his mother's legs.

My breath increased two fold when my son reached down now and
grabbed his big hard cock.  It was going to happen any second
now!  MY GOD was I horny for him.

Then I felt the fat head of my son's prick nestle itself between
the lips of my aching clit and slowly start working it's way
inside me.

I cried out then as my body convulsed and became electrified at
the sensation of my son's huge cock sliding inside me.  My legs
shot up and wrapped around my son's back offering him a better
angle of decent and I grabbed onto his muscular shoulders as I
felt his massive rod plow into my pussy deeper and deeper,
stretching me further than I'd ever been stretched before.

"OH MY GOD!!!" I screamed then as my son's cock bottomed out
inside me and I felt his young balls pressed against my firm ass.

Without a seconds pause my son slid his length back out of my
eager cunt and plowed it again with a long hard thrust.

"Yes, FUCK your mother!" I shouted shamelessly as I looked down
his young hard frame and watched his hard ass jerking up and
down between my legs as I held on to him in a scissors lock.

My son was grunting now as he fucked me with everything he had. 
I thought he would rip me apart.  My pussy was still trying to
accommodate his thick girth as he rammed it in and out of me
with such force that he moved us across the carpet inch by inch
with each thrust until my shoulders hit the livingroom couch.

"OH God!!" James growled as he suddenly pulled his thick
dripping cock out of me and grabbed it in his hand.  "Here it
comes!"

A thick hot glob of my son's cum shot out and hit the couch
above me.  I watched with eyes wide and body shaking as my son
jerked himself off spewing hot white cum everywhere.  The first
glob of my son's cum fell squarely on my tits and ran down the
sides.  The next hit my neck and chin, then my tits again and my
stomach until finally the forceful orgasm died down and his cock
dribbled a slow stream onto my pussy below.

It was the most amazing thing I had ever experienced, having my
son cum all over me like this.  But the best was yet to come.

Crawling up next to me, James pushed his cock down into my face
until I opened my mouth and wrapped my hot lips around his still
dribbling cock.  I raised my head and took my son's cock all the
way down my throat as I grabbed his ass and let him cum in his
mother's mouth.

Amazingly James kept moaning and groaning as I sucked him and I
could tell he was far from through for the day.  After a good 10
minutes James pulled my face from his cock and slowly jerked
himself while staring at my hard body.

"Uh oh," I teased. "We've done it now.  You fucked your own
mother."

"Not hardly enough though," James said as he grabbed my hand and
pulled me up to my knees.

Like an expert my son turned me to face the couch and with on
hand around my waist on my stomach, he used the other hand to
pull my right knee up and put it on the couch.  With one knee on
the floor and one on the couch, my legs were spread once again. 
James pushed me forward slowly so that my ass stuck out and I
laid on the soft cushions.

"If your father comes home and sees you fucking his wife he's
going to kill you," I remarked.

James grabbed his hard cock and shoved it up my pussy from
behind with one quick stab.

"SHIT!" I screamed in lustful excitement.

"What will he do if he sees you cumming on your son's prick?"
James asked.

That thought drove me wild with passion.

"You want to make me cum?" I asked.

Cramming his cock up inside me again James laughed, "I'm gonna
make you cum until you can't cum any more."

"Come on then," I urged him as his thighs slapped my ass
noisily.  "Make your mother cum!  FUCK ME!!!"

James grunted harder with each thrust until at last I felt my
cunt spasming and my orgasm rapidly approaching.

"Here I come James!" I squealed.  "MAKE MOMMY CUM!!!!"

Wave after wave of orgasm flooded through my body as I grabbed
at my large tits and pinched my nipples painfully as my son
pounded my dripping cunt from behind.  I couldn't believe what
was happening to me.  I imagined that the curtains were open and
all the neighbors could see my son fucking the shit out of me on
our couch and I came even harder!  Then, at the perfect moment,
my son ripped his cock out from my sopping wet slit and shot his
hot cum up my back in a forceful stream equal to the first.  I
bit my lip and cried out in pleasure as my son's cum ran down my
ass and over the lips of my well fucked cunt.

After a few moments of silent bliss I looked back at my son who
now decided to get up and sit on the couch.

"I guess I win," I said as I rubbed his still warm cum across my
ass.

"Why is that?" James asked.

"Well," I said shamelessly.  "I could still cum if I tried."

James just smiled and grabbed his cock in his hand as he shook
it back and forth.

"It doesn't look like I'm finished either," James said.

Then, in the most romantic moment of my life my son grabbed my
hand and pulled me up on top of him.  Softly my son kissed me on
the lips as I straddled him on the couch and prepared to mount
him once again.

Seeing the curtain's pull string only inches away, I reached up
and tugged at it until the curtains separated and light poured
in all around us in a warm bright glow.  My son took the
opportunity while I was stretched out pulling the cord to suckle
one of my hard brown nipples into his mouth as he squeezed my
tight ass.

As I stared out the livingroom window I reached between my legs
and grabbed my son's enormous cock that had been spreading my
cunt for the past hour now so wonderfully. I leaned back and
slapped my son's cock against my stomach as I sat on his legs. 
James reached up and squeezed my massive tits in masculine paws
and I arched my back and thought about how easy it would be for
the neighbors to see this.

Just then I saw my husband pulling up in the driveway.  I don't
know what came over me right then, but I just grabbed my son's
huge cock, lifted my cunt up above it and then fisted it back
inside my wet hole.  Very slowly I eased myself down on my son's
thick cock while I moaned as loud as I could.  My husband got
out of the car and began coming up the walk.

Then my husband saw me, stripped naked with a young man's hands
on my tits and a huge cock stuffed up my pussy.  I made sure to
leave a good 4 inches of my son's cock showing from my stretched
lips so he could see it's impressive size.

I smiled at my husband and rubbed my pussy down low where my
son's cock was stuffed deep inside me.  Slowly I started sliding
up and down my son's huge cock and was shocked that my husband
was still standing there watching us.

I don't know what came over me just then, but I just got
sluttier and sluttier.  I slid my pussy off my son's cock and
slapped his big sticky cock against my stomach a few times
before rubbing it across my clit and sitting on the monster
slowly as my husband watched.

I was cumming now and my husband could tell by the veins in my
neck popping out that I was having an extremely powerful orgasm.
 I ground my pussy on my son's glorious cock harder and harder
as I arched my back and shoved my huge tit in his mouth.  My son
sucked my nipples hard as I screamed in pleasure, mouth gaping
while he fucked me.

Just then I could tell my son was going to cum again so I lifted
off of his fat pole and held his pulsating cock in my fist as it
squirted his hot white jism all over my cunt. I watched my
husbands mouth hanging wide open as my son sprayed his cum up my
stomach and all over my thick pubic hair.  I quickly slid down
to my knees on the carpet, letting my big breasts brush my son's
dribbling cock and then slipped the monster into my mouth.  My
son grabbed my head as if to pull me off but I swallowed his
pole down to his very balls and watched my husband shake his
head in amazement.

After a few teasing sucks I got up and pulled the curtains shut
before my son could see that his father was outside watching. 
Without worry I took a shower as my son got dressed.  It wasn't
until at least 20 minutes later that my husband came in the
house and he never said a word about what had happened but he
made love to me with a vigor he hadn't had since high school.  I
guess I'll have to keep up the good work.










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....