Archive-name: 3plus/naughtic.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Nautical Naughtiness Enlivens Maiden Cruise for Yachting Swingers


I am a twenty-one-year-old female who is married to one of our many fine
servicemen. I would like to tell you about an experience he and I had when we
were stationed in Oregon. It happened soon after we became friends with a
gentleman who owned a cabin cruiser. He offered to allow us to stay on the
boat for a week, provided that we cater the cuise. We eagerly agreed.

On the day of departure, my husband and I were up early to prepare for the
cruise. While I was in the galley, washing the champagne glasses, he came in
and told me that all the men and women on the cruise were swingers, and that
one of our stops would be a nudist beach. Now this had always been one of my
biggest fantasies and just the thought of it made my cunt drool. Waiting for
all the guests to arrive was pure hell. The images that ran through my mind
had me on the brink of sexual madness. But the things I imagined were actually
quite tame compared to the actual events. Just as I began to think I would
never last, the captain and his party arrived. We greeted each guest with
courtesy and a good looking over. The last guest arrived just as we were about
to get under way. A buxom blonde who turned all heads, she wore a conservative
business suit--under which, we soon discovered, was the tiniest bikini of all
time.

When we were finally heading away from the dock, much to my delight, we all
gathered in the galley and popped the champagne. As my husband and I were
hired help, we could only hope for some nice views of what happened. When we
arrived at the nudist beach and dropped anchor, the joints were brought out
and the captain gave us permission to mingle with the guests. My husband and I
sat on a tiny bench with the sexy blonde whose name was Didi. It was very
crowded on the bench and Didi somehow ended up between us. As we smoked and
drank, Didi started complimenting my husband on his physique. Pretty soon her
hand was resting on my thigh. As she and my hubby talked, her hand moved up my
leg to my crotch. The realization that I was not wearing any panties seemed to
excite Didi a lot. Right in the middle of a sentence, she turned her gaze to
me and I melted. The look in her eyes was one of pure lust. As the
conversation continued, so did her hand, right into my already wet pussy. In
no time, Didi's manipulations of my clit has me on the brink of orgasm.

It was about then that the others left for the beach. Only Didi and we were
still on the boat. Didi leaned over and whispered something in my husbands
ear. He nodded. She then turned and gave me a hot kiss that would melt steel.
At the same time she plunged her finger deep into my cunt and I came with an
earth-shattering convulsion. She withdrew her hand then and, asking to be
excused left the cabin. When she returned, she took us each by the hand and
led us to the forward bedroom. As soon as we entered, Didi removed her bikini.
Her breasts were as large and firm as ripe cantaloupes, with half-dollar-size
nipples that just begged to be nibbled. I lowered my gaze and was delighted to
see that she shaved just as I do, leaving only a small, well groomed bush. Her
pubic hair matched her lovely blonde head and her pussy glistened with love
juices. Didi told me that I had the body of a dancer and asked me to do a sexy
number for her. My husband sat on the top bunk as Didi turned on the tape
player and sat on the bottom bunk. My body began to sway in time to the music
and I proceeded to peel away my clothing until only my stockings, garter belt
and heels remained. Didi then stopped the tape and asked my permission to
"explore newfound territory." I was so excited that I could only nod in assent.

Reaching out and pulling me to the bunk, she began running her hands over my
34C breasts. My nipples immediately hardened. Didi kissed and nibbled them
until a low soft moan escaped from my parted lips. Her hand then found my
pussy and began another delicious assault. She kissed her way from my breasts,
across my stomach, to my waiting cunt. As I writhed and groaned with delight,
she played with her own cunt as well as mine. My husband removed his clothes,
meanwhile, and jumped down from the top bunk to land between Didi's legs. He
buried his head into Didi's cunt and began tonguing it. In only two or three
minutes, Didi and I both came. My husband then entered Didi's drenched pussy
with his eight inch cock. She moaned with delight and resumed her assault on
my cunt. Again, both she and I came.

My husband, having not yet relieved his engorged cock, moved it to my mouth. I
began to devour his entire shaft, and his moans grew louder as I sucked harder
and faster. Just as he was about to come, he pulled away and his cock came out
of my mouth with a loud pop. He instructed Didi to lie with her snatch at the
edge of the bunk. Then he told me to get on my hands and knees with my face
right at Didi's snatch. When I was in the designated position, he entered me
from behind and, as we rocked together, my face kept getting closer and closer
to Didi's steaming cunt. Finally, unable to resist, I buried my face in her.
She squealed with delight and wrapped her legs around my neck. Her cunt tasted
as sweet as honey, and I had trouble catching every drop of juice that spewed
forth. We stayed in this position for what seemed like an eternity, ultimately
coming with squeals of pleasure. After the three of us had rested, we returned
to the galley-only to find an appreciative audience. The others had returned
from the beach and heard our lovemaking from one end of the boat to the other.
With the ovation of the guests ringing in our ears, my husband and I turned
with Didi and headed for the bedroom for an encore performance...but that's
another story.

--
