         CRAZY NEEDLES

                   She lives right next door to us, Crazy does.  Aw, I guess
         it ain't fair to call her that, but she has been living alone there
         since her mom and dad died; both of 'em got killed riding their
         Harley Davidson "Hog" one Saturday afternoon almost 11 years ago and
         she has been aloof and acting sort of funny ever since.  At least,
         everyone in the neighborhood thinks she acts funny.  Adults , think
         that, but most of the kids in the neighborhood think she is just
         another grown up kid and sort of cool.  When she sees us kids
         playin' in our tree house in our backyard, she comes out and yells
         such stuff as "are ya' havin' fun?", or "I wish I could come up and
         play with ya" and stuff like that, but it always happens that my mom
         or my dad or Charlie's dad or mom hears this and come out an yell at
         'er and she goes in and, of course, acts kinda strange after that.
         I'm only barely past my 15th. birthday, but what the adults seem to
         think is strange, to me, is bein' a little hurt and a great big lot
         scared of her surroundings.  Scared of adults, anyway.

                   Maybe I should start from where I remember and fill in
         with what I heard and learned from what my folks and Charlies' folks
         talk about when the subject of Crazy Needles comes up.  So, bear
         with me and I'll do my best to fill you in and make the story sort
         of unified.

                   First of all, her first name ain't Crazy.  Naw, that was
         tacked onto her by some of the adults in the area.  It may have even
         been my mom or my dad; I don't know, but it sure has stuck.  Her
         real first name is Mary and her second given name is Alice.  I
         think that is kinda neat; Mary Alice.  Her real name ain't Needles,
         neither.  It happens to be Kneedles; Mary Alice Kneedles.  But like
         knife, the "K" don't sound and most everybody that don't know her
         think it's spelled Needles.  Mary Alice is about 10 or 11 years
         oldern' me.  The Kneedles family moved in to that house a couple of
         years before my family moved in and she used to baby sit for me.

         When I was real little and my family used to go out on occasion to
         play cards she was right next door and my family liked her mom and
         dad and the deal was made.  When the folks, mine, went out Mary
         Alice baby sat and I stayed at her house overnight.

                   I guess I was about 4 when they got killed and Mary must
         have been about 13 or 14 somewhere in there.  Now I'm 15 so she has
         to be 24 or 25 and livin' all by herself.  She don't hafta work or
         anything, because her dad and mom had made out a will or somethin'
         like that and all the folks around the area seem to think they left
         her pretty well off.  I know, fer sure, she don't go out to buy
         groceries, 'cause a friend of mine bags at "Toffie's Meat Market"
         and he says she calls on the phone, gives her order and they deliver
         it right now.  Other than that, she don't seem to have muc h contact
         with the outside world, preferrin' to sit on the front porch and
         talk to her big German shepherd dog.  She talks to 'im too, all the
         time and this, ah course, don't make her look like sh e is 50 feet
         tall in the smarts department.  But, talkin' to yer dog ain't no sin
         as far as I can see and as long as he don't talk back I don't see
         any problem.

                   Anyway, about five or six days ago, my mom and dad,
         decided to go to the County Fair and Charlie and I didn't wanna go,
         because Charlie had got hold of a whole box of these little dirty
         books that have names like "Popeye Sucks Olive" or somethin' like
         that.  Beins as I ain't never seen one of 'em, I wasn't about to go
         to no County Fair and smell horse and cow shit all day.  So, I said
         no, I'd rather stay home.

                   We wuz both inna tree house, smokin' forbidden cigarettes
         and goin' through these books, fuck books is what they was, and I
         noticed some activity over in Mary Alice's bedroom widow.  Now,
         normally, the window shade would be alla way down, but I had seen
         her tryin' to fix it yesterday when it got stuck and she gave up,
         finally, and left it just like it was; open about a foot or so.  I
         gave up readin' the "little books" because what I was seein' was
         real life and not no cartoonists idea of what guys do to girls.  I
         didn't let Charlie know and pretended to go on readin' and sayin'
         stuff like, "Man is his dick long" or "Ain't he puttin' it in deep"
         and stuff like that; just to keep Charlie off guard.  All the while,
         though, I was lookin' over the top of my book and watchin' what was
         goin' on in Mary Alice's bedroom.

                   What had attracted my attention first of all was Mary
         Alice with nothin' on.  I couldn't see all of her, but the bottom
         half was naked, definitely naked and as she moved around within the
         framework of the window I saw her pussy hairs and her nice ass and
         stuff like that.  This was bettern' any fuck books; you can bet on
         that.  What I saw her do was put a little bowl of liquid stuff on a
         table near the bed and then go out for a second.  When she came back
         in, though, she had her dog Rex with her.  Then she lay down on the
         bed and spread her legs and spread this liquid on her pussy,
         whatever the liquid was.  Immediate, like, the dog comes up and
         sniffs her twat real good and throws a lick or two into it.  When
         this happens Mary spreads more stuff on her cunt and the dog goes
         after her like crazy, lickin' her muff and all the way down her
         asshole.  Up and down up and down.  When it is all licked of,
         apparently, she smears more on, but this time putting lots of it
         deep inside her pussy and asshole with her finger.  Wow!  Old Rex
         really went hog wild on this, diggin' his tongue in both places as
         far as it would go and, boy, he had one long tongue.  After several
         minutes of this carryin' on, Mary gets off the bed and smears some
         more in her asshole and cunt and gets down on the floor on all fours
         and reaches around and grabs hold of Rex's pecker and gives it a
         couple of squeezes or rubs or somethin'.  I couldn't quite see, but
         she did somethin' to cause his old donger to shoot out, long and red
         and bendy.  It wasn't even straight.  Sudden like, though, he
         started to lick her in both places again, deep, cause you could see
         his tongue disappear in her twat or asshole and then , bingo, he
         reared up on his hind legs and in a flash buried his pecker in her
         cunt.  Then the fun began.  He was givin' her what for and shovin'
         so hard he was nearly knockin' her on her face, bu t she stuck it
         out wigglin' her ass from side to side and back and forth.  I'd seen
         dogs fuck before, but never a dog with a girl and it had me so hard
         my pants stuck out a foot.  About this time old Charlie says, "Look
         at me".  He had his big pecker out and was playin' with it.  The
         book got him so hot he wanted to jackoff.  But his suggestion was,
         "These fellows spit on the end of their dicks and shoved 'em in
         their buddies asshole.  Wanna try it?"  No , I didn't, but the
         pictures he was showin' me sure looked good.  I din't want him to
         interrupt what I was lookin' at, but didn't dare tell him, either,
         and when I looked back it was all over.  The dog and Mary were no
         longer visible.  Shit, Charlie made me miss the best part.  So, sort
         of angry at him for that and wantin' to get even, I said, "Okay,
         I'll do it if I can do it to you first.  Okay?" He said, "Sure, man,
         then I get to fuck your asshole, right?" "Right", I said.

                   The guys in the book were naked, so Charlie and I got
         naked.  He bent over, then, and I greased my dong with saliva and
         tried to cornhole him.  No dice.  He was too tight.  Then I saw the
         can of 3 in 1 oil on the shelf and said I would try that.  Charlie
         agreed and shot a stream of oil on my cock.  That really made it
         slicky and man did it go in.  Charlie was shocked and started to
         moan that it hurt somethin' fierce.  I pushed further and further in
         and before I could say, boo, I shot my wad in ole Charlie and pulled
         out.

                   I leaned over our one and only easy chair, Charlie greased
         his old ganger with 3 in 1 and shot it home.  Jesus Christ that did
         hurt, but once inside it felt kinda good.  He lasted longer than I
         did and while he was pumpin' away, I got a hard on and started
         jackin' off.  Just about the time he came, I came and that was it.
         We both looked at each other and grinned and said almost together,
         "Hey, buddy, ya' know what?  You're a fag."  And with that we rolled
         around on the tree house floor roarin' with laughter.

                   Pulling on my coveralls, the kind with a bib [that's all
         I wore in the summer], and puttin' my shoes back on, I said, "I
         gotta go pee."  I didn't intend goin' to pee unless it was Alice's
         house.  Cause that's where I was headed.  Not wantin' Charlie to see
         me, nor any of the neighbors, I dropped down behind our garage, went
         behind Mary's garage and slunk along the garden wall until I was
         within dashin' distance of her back door.  I had plans and I wanted
         to find out what was goin' on.

                   When I knocked the damn dog raised a real fuss.  I guess
         very few had ever done that before and it was a strange noise to
         him.  For awhile, I didn't think Mary would answer and was about to
         turn around and do the escape route, when the door opened and there
         stood my baby sitter of long ago.

                   "Yo, Mary!  Just thought ya' might be lonesome and I
         decided to come over an pay ya' a little visit."

                   Holding the dog with one hand and the door partially open
         with the other she said, "Yeah, how come ya' ain't never done this
         before today?"

                   "To tell ya' the truth, Mary, I wanted to.  I felt like
         you needed a friend, but my folks wouldn't let me, but today they
         went to the fair and won't be home until sometime late tonight.  So,
         I decided today was the day to visit my old friend, Mary."

                   "I ain't been your friend old or otherwise for eleven
         years.  How come this bright and sunny day caused you to change your
         mind?"

                   "Like I tole ya'.  My folks object.  And you know as well
         as I do, when they object, nothin' goes."

                   "Okay, watta ya' want, then?"

                   "Jesus Christ, just to talk to ya' and be friends.  Can't
         a guy want to do that without you lookin' for things to find wrong?"

                   "Okay, come on in, then.  I'll tell Rex your okay and he
         won't bother ya.  Rex, good boy, friend...down."

                   That was that.  Rex relaxed and allowed me to pat him on
         the head.  Mary turned and went into the living room, invited me in
         and went over to the settee and sat down, telling me to sit in the
         chair just inside the door.

                   She sat there with Rex along side, legs crossed and her
         hands in her lap and staring at me like crazy.  Finally, she said,
         "Why did you come over?  Really why?"

                   "Aw, I was just thinkin' of the good times we had a few
         years ago and wanted to see how you was doin.  That's all."

                   "Crap.  You don't even remember that far back.  Who you
         tryin' to shit?"

                   "Naw, Mary, you got it all wrong.  I wanted to renew old
         friendships and I see you sittin' out there on the front porch all
         alone with your dog and I feel like everyone has let ya' down and
         maybe I can be your friend."

                   "Ya' saw me'n my dog this afternoon, didn' ya'?  That's
         what brung ya' over ain't it?  You wanna see what a woman looks like
         after she's been fucked by a dog.  Don't ya?  Aw, don't deny it.  I
         seen you guys up in the tree house corn holin' each other and I new
         ya' could see me, but I don't care.  So ya' saw me and Rex fuckin'.
         Did ya' enjoy it?"

                   All I could think of to say was, "It got me hot and gave
         me a big hard on if that's any satisfaction to you."

                   "Big hard on.  Haw!  You couldn't get a big hard on at
         your age to save yore life.  Why, when you was four years old I
         tried suckin' on your dick a coupla times and it was too teeny to
         hold in my mouth.  Big?  Sheeit!"

                   "Okay, Mary Alice.  If ya' can't talk to me like a good
         neighbor then I don't wanna talk with ya' at all.  All I was doing
         was tryna be nice.  Ya' don't wanna be that's okay with me."

                   I started to get up then, but she told me to sit down, she
         didn't really mean it, but after havin' been ignored all these
         years and called crazy and nobody to talk to except her dog it just
         seemed kind of funny somebody wanted to be friends all of a sudden
         at this very moment.  She was right, but I couldn't think of the
         right things to say and just sat there with my mouth open.

                   Finally she said, "Really, why did you come?  Did I guess
         right?  Ya' seen me and the dog, didn't ya"?"

                   I had to admit that was the reason and said I was sorry,
         but I just thought I'd come and find out what was happenin'.

                   She said, then, "Well, at least your honest.  But when you
         ain't got friends that are human you have to lean on somebody and I
         found out Rex liked to fuck; I like to fuck and that's how it
         started.  Anything wrong with that?"

                   "Jeepers, no, Mary Alice, but if you want to do that sort
         of thing wouldn't it be better to do it with a human prick than with
         a dog?"

                   "Sure it would.  Do you think I like to do this?  Hell no,
         but like I said before who do you know that would mess with Crazy
         Needles?  And besides, it gives me a nice cozy wanted feeling and I
         need that.  No human is gonna give me that."

                   I bristled at that and said rather defensively, "I would,
         that's who.  I'll be your friend.  I'll even fuck with you if you
         show me how.  I only have a faint idea of how to go about this stuff
         and I would need some help."

                   "What the hell's to know.  A man gets a hard on, sticks it
         in and pumps a few times and the girl takes his juices and that's
         called fuckin'.  What else is there to do?"

                   "Gee, I never thought of it like that before, but if you
         want to do it, I got some books that show all kinds of things.
         Would you like to see 'em?"

                   "Sure.  Where are the books?"

                   "In the tree house.  I'll go and get 'em.  Wait here, will
         ya'?"

                   "Where else am I gonna wait, dummy?"

                   Charlie was gone; tired of waitin' for me to come back
         from my pee, but the little fuck books were stashed under the easy
         chair.  I grabbed a couple of pockets full and went back to Mary.

                   "I got 'em.  Where should we go to do 'em?"

                   "Come on and follow me.  Rex, you lay down and stay.  I'll
         be right back."

                   We went, then, into a little day room off the kitchen
         which contained a small bed, some chairs a couple of tables and a
         wall lined with books.  Neat room, I thought.  Then Mary turned to
         me an said, "That chair is big, we can both sit in that one and look
         at the books at the same time.  Okay with you?"

                   Yeah, it was okay with me.  I was kinda nervous beins as
         this was the first time I could remember being alone with a girl.

         But, I got into the chair with her; it was a rather tight fit, but
         it felt kind of good being that close.  I could feel, too, that she
         had on nothing underneath that simple house dress, so I said to her,
         "You ain't got nothin' on under that dress and neither do I.

         I never wear nothin' but my coveralls in the summer except my shoes.
         How about you?"

                   She said she didn't wear anything most of the year around.
         It saved on buying clothes, washing and ironing and stuff like that.
         Besides nobody could see her anyway.  She did get a dress on when
         the grocery boy came, but that was about it.  So, if we were to
         become friends, I could come over any time and find her naked as a
         jaybird she said.

                   The first book was about Dagwood and Blondie and, boy, was
         it hot.  Dagwood would do anything and everything to Blondie and she
         would take everything he had to offer.  She had a hot snatch and
         Dagwood had a big hard on.  By the time we got through with that
         Mary said, "Gee, I never knew you could do it so many ways before.
         Wanna try some of 'em?"

                   I was for trying all of them and going on to other
         pastures, but Mary said let's start with this and see what happens .
         I was the designated Dagwood and she was, of course, the appointed
         Blondie.  With that she slid out of the chair, tossed her house
         dress on the floor and turned to me naked.  Jesus, I had never seen
         anything like this outside of books before and it was something to

         see.  She wasn't pretty, she had no make up on or anything like
         that, but boy, oh boy she had everything else that a girl could
         claim and just a bit more.  In short, she was stacked.

                   "Well, come on dummy.  Ya' gonna sit there lookin' at my
         tits or are ya' gonna get your overalls off and fuck?"

                   Zing, went my claim to modesty.  She looked at my dick and
         said, "Man, it's about 50 times bigger than when I remember it."

                   With that, she moved forward and, true to the book,
         kneeled down and slipped my hard on into her eager mouth.  She
         sucked, she moved up and down the shaft, she blew on it, she licked
         it and twirled her tongue around it and, suddenly, jizz all down her
         throat.  She gagged, coughed, spluttered and looked up at me in
         surprise and said, "Wait.  Dagwood didn't do it that fast."

                   We both laughed and went and lay down on the bed.  We
         talked a little while and she asked me if I had ever kissed a girl.
         I said nobody but my mom, but that doesn't count I guess.  We lay
         there for a minute and I said, "Let's get another book and do
         something else."

                   Her answer was, "We don't need a book.  Look, let's just
         sit here on the bed and take inventory or something.  I got a pussy,
         you got a dick; they go together.  That's obvious.  I got a mouth,
         you got one, too.  They go together.  If my mouth can do to your
         prick what it just did, then your mouth can do the same to my cunt;
         that's what Dagwood called it.  So, I'll lie down on the bed and
         spread my legs and you see what you can do to me down there."

                   Wow, what could I do to her down there.  I didn't know
         what to do, but figured I'd just start out by kissing her there and
         see what happened next.  I tried, but found out the bed was too soft
         and she was too low for me to really get at it, so I took both of my
         hands and cupped her cheeks in each hand and raised her up to meet
         my mouth.  Then, I got going.  I started just kissing, then she
         suggested that Rex used his tongue.  Could I use mine?  Okay, I used
         mine.  I went from top to bottom and side to side just slipping my
         tongue through the various grooves and folds and she started to
         wiggle and buck on the palms of my hands.  I pulled her into me
         tighter and began to see that when I got near the little thing
         buried in a channel at the top, whatever it was, really got to her,
         so I got my lips on it and began sucking and got a mouthful of
         stinging sour stuff, whatever that was, but boy, she sure seemed to
         enjoy it.  Suddenly, I came for the second time today.  Oh, I jacked
         off before in my bed or in the bathroom and today cornholing
         Charlie, but this one really gushed and the sheet was slimy wet all
         of a sudden. I started to get up and quit, but she said, "Oh, no,
         don't stop now.  Why are you stopping?"  I explained I had shot
         juice all over the bed and didn't like the feel of it and wanted to
         get away from that wet feeling.

                   "Okay, we'll go into the living room, then and do it on
         the settee.  Come on."

                   My jonker had shrunk considerably by this time and was
         still dripping whatever it was as we walked into the living room,
         but as soon as she sat down on the settee she stopped me from
         sitting and asked me to just stand in front of her for a second.  I
         did and she immediately took my little pecker in her mouth and
         started sucking.  She kissed and sucked and twirled her tongue
         around the head and tickled the bottom part until, suddenly, it
         began to enlarge and get hard again.  When it was good and hard she
         said, "Now, we'll try putting it in me.  I ain't never had a boy do
         that and I want to see what it feels like."

                   She rolled over, then, swung her feet up on the settee and
         by pushing against the cushions with her heels and swinging her butt
         around a bit she got herself centered in the middle of the couch and
         left enough room for me to get in between her legs.  She spread wide
         and brought her knees up with her feet flat on the couch.  "Now,
         climb on and I'll guide it in", she said.  I didn't know exactly how
         this was gonna feel after all it was my first time sticking that
         thing in a woman, but okay, I'm game.  So, I moved forward a little
         and positioned myself so the head of it was near her cunt and she
         reached down, took my dick in her left hand and put the head of it
         right in the channel and said, "Now, shove it in all the way and see
         what happens."  I wasn't very gentle, I didn't know I had to be and
         just slammed the 6 inches all the way in.  About two thirds of the
         way, she let out a yell that brought Rex running to see who was
         hurting his mistress and I thought for a minute he was gonna take a
         chunk outta me.  Sort of scared of the dog, I pulled out and blood
         gushed all over her cunt and down her crack and on to the settee.
         It was quite a bit, too.  I was scared for sure now, thinking I had
         really done something bad.  She was laying there sort of sobbing
         like and not saying anything and I didn't know what to say or do.  I
         just sat there with my dong stil l fairly hard.

                   "What do you want me to do, Mary?  Did I hurt you bad?"

                   She grinned a kinda crooked grin and said, "No, I'm not
         hurt the way you think.  I just lost my virginity and you're the boy
         who did it.  According to some of the stories I've read, you are now
         the owner of my heart forever and ever.  Ain't that nice?"

                   While she was saying that, Rex came up and started licking
         my dick, cleaning all the blood and pussy juice off it and , boy,
         let me tell you that felt good.  As he licked, I pointed it out to
         Mary and she raised up on one elbow to see and started to laugh.
         She thought it was funny.  As he licked, though, my old dick got
         bigger and bigger and, suddenly, Rex wanted no part of it .  He
         backed off like he had been kicked.

                   "Rex, out!", she said.  Away he went and then she said,
         "Climb on me again.  I'll put it back in and, supposedly, after a
         few strokes of your dick the pain will go away.  As a matter of fact
         it hardly hurts now."

                   I got on, she guided me into her, relaxed and I started in
         pumping like she told me to do.  Boy, this was something.  This
         is what the fuck books were talking about; fucking a girl.  I was
         doing it, too.  With that, I leaned down and kissed Mary hard on the
         mouth and came, immediately, and while I was deep inside her.

         Even I knew this wasn't good and I yanked out of there in a hurry.

                   "What did you do that for?", she said.

                   "You'll have a baby, won't you?"

                   "Not this very minute dummy.  It takes nine months for
         that to happen.  Don't you even know that?"

                   No, I hadn't known it, but the fact I could suddenly find
         myself with a pregnant female, even nine months from now, especially
         one that was not high on anyone's list around the neighborhood shook
         me up pretty bad and I had begun to lose all interest in this fuck
         stuff.  I was beginning to wish I hadn't mad e the decision to come
         over and see her and was getting to the point of wishing I was back
         in the tree with old Charley.  Guys can't ge t knocked up, can they?
         It seems it would be easier that way, but o n the other hand I don't
         want to be known as a fag, neither.  Jesus, why does the world hafta
         be like this?  Cripes.  I like fucking her, but old Charley's bung
         hole didn't feel bad, neither.  Shit, what am I gonna do?

                   She brought me out of my deep thoughts by saying, "Forget
         it.  I know ways to take care of that.  No problem.  Let's start all
         over, but this time we're gonna start with kissin'.  Shaw, you don't
         even know how to kiss.  My dad's got books about alla this stuff and
         it is called the "Rubiyat" or somethin' like that.  It's right there
         on the shelf.  Tells you all kind of stuff and how to go about it.
         But, lets go down in the basement, first, and take a shower and you
         can help me swish out my old pussy with the red siphon hose I keep
         down there.  Come on!  Don't be chicken shit.  I'll even race ya'
         down there."

                   And away she went.  Tearin' out ahead of me, little tight
         butt wiggling like all get out as she ran, with her titties nearly
         hitting her chin as they bounced up and down and I had to admit
         there was a lot more to girls than Charley's old brown stinkin'
         asshole.  A lot more!  By the time I got there, she already was
         under the shower and had the red rubber siphon hose in her hand.  It
         was connected to the cold faucet and I was wonderin' what she used
         that thing for.

                   "Come on and get your feet wet, not to mention your cock ,
         my pussy and both assholes.  Besides I would like to have you help
         with this douche.  "Come on."

                   I hadn't the faintest notion what "a douche" was, but she
         seemed to know and I guess that is all that counted.  When I got in
         the shower with her she handed me the hose and said, "Now, I'm gonna
         spread my legs real wide and sorta squat down a little bit, then you
         shove that hose up into my twat about this far and turn on the cold
         water; not hard at first.  I'll guide you with it and tell you to go
         deeper and turn on the water a little bit harder until it gets to
         just where I can feel it washing all the crud out of my pussy.
         Game?"

                   I guess so, but this didn't look like much of a job for a
         boy, but if she wanted it to happen, I guess I'd have to help her.
         I knew old Rex couldn't; maybe she did alone, though under normal
         conditions.  So, I sat down on the shower floor with her ass and
         cunt almost over my head, parted the lips and shoved the hose into
         the point she had marked.  It went in easy enough and I reached up
         to turn the water on, but couldn't reach the handle.  She said,
         "I'll do it anyway.  I can control it bettern' you can."

         I could feel the water slosh through the hose and, suddenly, it came
         gushing back out all over me.  She thought that was funny, but I'm
         not to sure I wanted all that stuff in my hair.  Soon she turned it
         up pretty high and it was really spraying back out of her slit.
         Finally, she reached up and shut the faucet off and said to me, "Now
         inspect me and tell me, do I look and smell clean."  I got real
         close, parted the lips and looked and sniffed and she did look and
         smell clean.  "Wanna kiss it and stick your tongue in it?" Yeah, why
         not.  So, she squatted down a little further and nearly put her cunt
         in my hair, so I looked up, stuck my tongue out and pushed it in as
         far as it would go.  She wiggled around and sat down on my face a
         little harder and some more water cascaded out all over me.  She was
         peein' fer god's sake; peein all over my face and hair and
         everything.  I had to admit, though, it was different and felt kinda
         nice on my face.  Warm and gushy like.  She finished and said, "I
         wasn't gonna do that, but I couldn't hold it no more and figured you
         might not get mad.  So out it came.  Mad?"

                   "No, I'm not mad and it felt kinda good."

                   "Did it?  Maybe we can do that again sometime, but let's
         get your hair washed and we'll scrub each other good with lotsa soap
         and water.  Okay?"  I thought it would be okay, but she interrupted
         with, "Before I put the douche hose away, do you want your asshole
         cleaned out?"

                   Not really.  It looked too much like an enema to suit me ,
         but when I hesitated she said, "I'll be real gentle and you'll like
         it.  I do it lots of times.  I just stick it up my butthole, turn
         the water on and let it fill me up until I can hardly stand it and
         then I let it fly and do it again.  Sometimes I even play with my
         pussy while I'm doin' it and does that make me cum.  Wow!  Wanna
         try?"

                   "Well, okay, but don't keep on goin' if I ask you to stop.
         Promise?"

                   "On a stack of bibles, crisscross my heart and hope to
         die.  I'll keep one hand on the faucet and stop just as soon as yo u
         tell me to."

                   I still wasn't too sure of this, because my mom and me had
         a fight every time she wanted to give me an enema and this was one
         fer damn sure.  But I said,  "Let's give it a try if you want to."
         Anyway, I thought to myself, I still got Charlie's come in there
         somewhere and I had no idea whether it was good to leave that stuff
         inside too long.  Maybe this was a good idea after all.

                   She soaped the end of the hose up pretty good, put some
         soap on my asshole and with her middle finger shoved it as far in as
         her finger would go.  Jeeps!  It really felt good.  Not like when
         mom did it.  Then she said, "Ready?  Here we go."  With that she
         started the hose in kinda slow and gentle and it felt so good I
         started to feel like I had to shit.  She kept it goin' in slow and
         easy and, finally, I felt the water goin' up in my bowels.  It
         was kinda cold in there, but not too bad.  As a matter of fact, I
         was beginnin' to like it and wondered how come I hated it so much
         when my mom or dad did it.  When I had about 15 gallons in me,
         that's what it felt like, I started to have notions of giving up on
         this sorta crap but, suddenly, she reached around and took ahold of
         my dick and started to stroke it back and forth.  After a little
         bit, she swung me around by my hips with one hand and swallowed my
         dick all the way to the hair and started to suck.  Jesus.  With my
         bowels gettin' filled with water and her suckin' on my pecker I
         didn' want any of it to stop.  Within seconds, I was hard as a rock
         and starting to feel weak in my knees.  She could really suck a
         cock.  Where'd she learn alla this stuff?  From that book by Rooby?
         Must be some book.  She said after another minute or two, "Feel
         full?"  Oh, did I, but it felt nice, really, and I was gettin' this
         kinda crampy feelin' ya' get just before ya' cum.  I wasn't feelin'
         like cummin', though, and, then, she stopped suckin', got up and
         turned the water off and told me to hold it fer a little bit more.

         I was strainin', no question about it.  Then, she took hold of my
         dick with one hand, got behind me and put her pussy right up against
         my ass and with the other hand started to shoosh my big, fat belly
         up and down, not hard but just enough to get the water sloshin'
         around in there.  My belly was really extended and hard.

         All the while she was shooshin' my belly up and down she was jackin'
         me off and I thought I was gonna' faint.  When she felt my belly
         muscles stiffenin' ready to cum, she bent over and took it in her
         mouth and started to really lick and suck.  When she sensed I was on
         the verge of lettin' fly with my dick she said, "Let it all go from
         both ends." and took my pecker back in her mouth.  I shit all over
         the shower wall; it just flew out.  Mostly water, but there were
         lumps in there cause I could feel 'em, but the best part was my
         pecker shot a load into her mouth that made her gag and cough, but
         she kept on suckin' and took almost all of it down.  Some splattered
         out on me as she choked and, partially, coughed, but she kept on
         until my pecker stopped jerkin' and she let it slip out of her
         mouth.  Jeeps, I really had filled her mouth full.

                   She grinned and said, "What a load.  I didn't expect that
         much all at once and wasn't prepared to swallow.  It did go down
         nice and creamy, though.  I liked it.  How did it feel to you?"

                   My bank of big words ain't very big, so the best I could
         do was tell her it felt like floatin' on a soft feather bed and
         goin' to heaven.  She laughed at that and came up and put her pussy
         right on my pecker, her tits tight against my chest and gave me a
         big cum smeared kiss right on the mouth.  Then she did something
         even stranger; she parted my lips with her tongue and ran it around
         inside my mouth.  I started to rare back, but she held the back of
         my head real tight and kept it up, stopping only long enough to say,
         "Now, you do it to me."  So, I stuck my tongue in her mouth and she
         started to suck on it, hard, and I did her back and starte d to get
         another hard on.  She said we should stop for now; take a good
         shower and see what happens.

                   She turned the warm water on and taking the soap in her
         hands washed my hair real good, after she sloshed all the shit down
         the drain, that is, and washed my face and neck, my back, my chest
         under my arms, in between my legs, took my pecker and nearly
         scrubbed too long, cause it started gettin' hard again, washed my
         asshole by shoving her finger in and out and moving her hand up and
         down the crack, then did each leg and both feet.  Then it was her
         turn and she warned me to do a "good job" and not miss nothin'.  I
         assured her I wasn't gonna miss a thing.

                   I wet her hair down and washed it real good, twice she
         wanted, cleaned her ears and kissed them, washed her face good and
         kissed her lips and shoved my tongue in once more, washed and sucked
         each titty until her nipples looked like little pink buttons.  When
         I sucked her nipples she nearly sagged against me, but I kept on
         goin, her back was next and when I finished gettin' her back all
         soapy, I reached around with both soapy hands, took a tittie in each
         one, pulled her back to my chest and using my chest

         scrubbed her back all the way to the waist line.  She was ohin' and
         ahin' by this time, then I had her bend over and I did an a number
         one job washin' he crack and asshole.  I slipped my finger in all
         the way to my knuckles and pulled it in and out with the soap foam
         makin' squishin' noises.  Boy, this was somethin' else, buddy.
         Then, I turned her around and had her sit on a little three legged
         stool she had in one corner of the shower and lean her back against
         the wall.  Then I went to work on her pussy.  I soaped it good,
         stickin' my finger in, first one, then two, then three and, finally,
         she said for me to try to put my fist in.  "Let's see how wide we
         can stretch the slit", she said.  I didn't wanta hurt her and
         declined to do that, but she reminded me that girls give birth
         to babies that weigh in excess of 9 pounds, sometimes, and my fist
         ain't anywhere near that size.  Okay, I'll give 'er a try.  So, I
         did a four finger insertion and turned it slowly around, put them in
         as far as I could, turned them again and pulled them out.  She was
         really breathin' hard by this time, so I balled up my fist and
         soaped it real good and started it in.  No matter how hard I tried
         it just wouldn't go, but by the time I made three or four attempts
         she was so soakin' wet and I was drippin' so hard with my
         lubrication and my dick was so hard I could hardly stand it and she
         was quivering all over so bad she couldn't stay still, so I just
         mounted her from the front, she guided my dick inside and I started
         to pump like crazy.  She rammed her hips and pussy upward into my
         plunging dick meeting me push for shove and grunting like she was
         workin' diggin' a ditch.  Sweat was breakin' out all over me and
         her, too, and she had the cutest little smile on her face and as we
         went further and further and I wasn't doin' my usual cum bit after
         two or three strokes, she started a muttering about, "Deeper make me
         cum, deeper push it deeper, oh, god, this feels so good go, honey,
         go and push and stroke, push and stroke and don't cum for an hour,
         please don't come for a long time.  I love it, I love it, I
         loooooooooooooove it."  Then she started gettin' tense and stoppin'
         her shovin' and just held still while I pumped away.  Suddenly, sh e
         clenched her teeth and made a hissin' noise and at the same time
         sayin, "Oh, god, fuck me, I'm gonna cum, I'm cummin', oh, gooood,
         I'm cummin."  With that she got so stiff and started buckin' so hard
         she chucked my prick right out of her cunt.  Just as she did this,
         though, I started to cum myself and it was drippin' all over me,
         her, the floor and every where.  I came so hard, I hurt.  I put it
         right back in while it was hard and was still in her when she said
         for me not to move and seemin' to want to hold me there, she wrapped
         her legs around my back and started in squeezin' real hard .  I
         couldna' moved if I wanted to.  I stood like that with her leanin'
         in the corner and sittin' on that stool with her legs nearly up to
         my shoulders for I don't know how long and wouldna' moved if old Rex
         hadn't come in sniffin' around.  I think that dam n dog was jealous;
         I really do, but she shooshed him out and he left .

                   Finally, she opened her eyes, sighed, looked up at me and
         said, "I love you.  Oh, god, how I love you.  You've been so nice to
         me I want to have you come over any time you want.  You said,
         though, that your folks were comin' home late tonight.  I don't know
         what you mean by late, but I think I heard their car drive in about
         5 minutes ago, but couldn't say anything 'cause we were fuckin' so
         hard.  So yah better get off and have a look see."

                   Oh, good Jesus, they was home.  The car was sittin' just
         under the tree house and dad was out lookin' around.  If I wasn't in
         the tree house or the house, itself, then he had no idea of where I
         was short of being over to Charlie's place.  I knew what to expect
         next.  He'd go inside and call Charlie on the phone and fin d out I
         hadn't been near the tree house since sometime this mornin'.  If
         that happened my ass was in deep trouble.  So, I jerked my dick
         out of Mary, grabbed my clothes and said I had to go; quick.  She
         said, "You can't go like that.  You smell like a well fucked pussy .
         You stink of jizz and my cum.  Your mom or your dad will smell it in
         a minute.  They fuck, too, you know and they know how it smells .
         Take a quick shower and I'll go out on the front porch and sit with
         Rex.  That'll look normal and I'm sure your dad will ask if I seen
         you.  I'll say somethin' like yeah I think he went down to the ball
         park or somethin' like that.  That'll slow him up some.  Then you
         can duck out and come around the back way and nobody will know the
         difference.  Okay?"

                   I took a quick shower, put on my coveralls and as I was
         headin' out the back door she took my head in her hands and said, "I
         loved it.  Thank you for being my friend and my lover.  Come back
         any time and we'll look in the Rubiyat or whatever those book s are
         and find zillions of ways to fuck.  I love you.  Now go!"

                   I slid out the back door and crawled down the sidewalk t o
         the back gate, slipped out and took off runnin' down the alley so I
         could come around from High Street and be able to say I was just
         down to the ball field throwin' fly balls to some of the guys.
         There was only one hitch; Charlie seen me from his bedroom winda.
         I'd have to think up a lie for him, for sure.  I couldn't tell him
         I spent most of the morning and most all of the afternoon with Crazy
         Needles.  Nobody would believe that; not even old Chuckie.

                   Slanting around our front fence and into the driveway I
         almost ran full tilt into my dad who was, just now, heading for High
         Street to go to the ball diamond, I guess.  He said, "Where ya'
         been?  You're all sweaty.  Been tossin' some fly balls with the
         guys, hey?"

                   Yeah, I sure was dad.  Tossin' some fly balls, but not at
         the ball diamond.  "What's fer supper dad?"

                   He told me meat loaf and smashed potoatoes and led the way
         down the driveway.  As we got abreast of Mary's front porch she
         threw me a kiss, lifted her skirt and let me have a peek at her
         nooky and said something just with her lips.  It was, "Tomorrow?"
