Copyright © 1998,   (sneu2me (John S.)).  ALL Rights Reserved
The following story is being published anonymously for the author 
(sneu2me (John S.)) by Mr Double (mrdouble@mrdouble.com).  


-------
From sneu2me@hotmail.com Sat Jan 24 04:13:51 1998
Newsgroups: alt.binaries.stories.sex,alt.sex.incest,alt.stories.incest
Subject: Story: The Negligee (Mf, inc)
Date: Sat, 24 Jan 1998 
--------



The Negligee 
                                 sneu2me@hotmail.com (John S.) 
                        Organization: Charter Communications
                                          International, Inc. 
                                    Mon Nov 24 12:16 AM 

I am still looking to hear from other father daugher couples. email
only (for now)

Now on with today's story....

Tracy's father was looking around the department store, in the
lingerie/negligee section.

He had agreed to buy his daughter, Tracy, a sexy negligee for her 16th
birthday. He felt that she was too young to be wearing such "adult"
items. But kids nowadays regarded being adults and wanting to wear
adult things, once they started high-school!!! He knew that she had a
regular boyfriend, at least that is what he thought, as she was
continuously on the telephone to someone, and they were not talking
about the weather, as he had overheard plenty of "sweet-talk". So he
assumed that this was for the boyfriend's benefit.

He picked out a sexy very "hot" negligee that he would have liked to
seen any woman in. He thought that if his daughter boyfriend did not
get turned on by this highly seductive piece of silk and lace...then
his daughter had better start looking for a real man!!!

Tracy adored her father. He cared about her greatly. He was generous
with her. He was not the overbearing strict father than some are. He
gave her plenty of freedom. He treated her more like an adult than a
young teenager. Her mother had been the opposite.

She hated her mother, so when her father had unexpectedly turned up at
home, when he should have been in another country and caught his wife
in bed with two strange men, that was the end...especially when she
told him that she had been having affairs for years!!! He had got
custody of Tracy and Tracy never looked back.

When Tracy was 14yrs and had entered the "interesting" stage of her
life..development from girlhood into womanhood, she had noticed how
her father looked at her. It was a different kind of look than when
she had been younger. Of course Tracy knew why the different look
being due to her now developing womanly looks. Of course she got the
usual whistles and comments about her developing attractiveness, but
she was a bit surprised on the admiring coments her father would
say. At first she would blush, due to her youthful innocence, then as
she matured, she liked the coments her father would say about her. It
made her feel nice, especially after a rotten day at school.

However now she was 15yrs and soon it would be her 16th birthday, she
had noticed that her father would not make so many coments. Not only
that but he also kept a bit more of a distance between himself and
her. This was especially so when she would show up at the pool at
their home, in a swimsuit that hugged her body, or some other item of
clothing that revealed "a female underneath". Her father would make an
excuse to leave the area quickly. A couple of times she thought she
had noticed the start of an erection in her father's pants. At first
she had been shocked to think that her father was turned on by her,
his daughter...Then after this happened a few times, she was thrilled
to think that her father did really mean she was sexually attractive
and had not just been saying it.

Tracy knew that her father was wary of getting involved in a long term
relationship with another woman (once bitten twice shy). Sure he had
the occasional one-night stand and casual dates, and like most dates
of this kind they don't last very long. Most men prefer to have a
regular partner, than a wham-bang-thank-you-very-much stranger
encounter. Tracy knew that a few of her friends had had sex with their
fathers and Tracy had wondered if her father would like to have sex
with her...But she was scared to ask him, as he might get very angry
at the immoral suggestion and demand she leave and live with her
mother, his EX...and that was the last place on earth she would
want to go to.

However Tracy's adoration of her father and her knowing that he found

her sexually attractive, made her more determined to thank her father,
for all he had done to make her life happy since her parents divorced,
by offering him her near-virginal body . But she knew that she can't
make her loving intensions so obvious. It had to be done in a more
suttle way. So when her father had asked her if she would like
something special for her 16th birthday...She had replied...a nice
sexy negligee, instead of the plain cotton ones I have now. He had
laughed as he said.... "I think that is a bit too adult for you
Tracy".

"Dad, I'am not a child anymore", Tracy had informed her father. "No

you're not definetly not a child. You're a gorgeous looking young
woman. Okay, you'll have your sexy negligee", Tracy's father told her.
Tracy went over to her father and kissed him full on the lips, hugging
him to her. She felt a stiring against her belly area, just where her
dad's groin was. This made her hug her father tighter. He quickly
undid the embrace and gave her a stern look saying...

"What has got into you??", he said as he left the room closing the
door behind him.

Tracy silently said to herself...nothing has got into me yet, but I'll
soon have something hard and hot and getting deeper into me, then
explode in me, as you fuck me....dad.

Tracy locked her door, went back to her bed, lay on the bed, lifted up
her skirt, dragged her panties off her legs, and immediately dived her
fingers into her itching cunt. Tracy was hot. She fucked herself as
she dreamt of her father fucking her. She had a terrific orgasm,
afterwhich she lay there, curled up dreamingly thinking of the
"special 16th birthday present she was going to get and the party
afterwards with just Dad and her".

The day arrived.


Tracy's dad had taken her out to dinner. When they arrived home,
Tracy's dad gave her present.
She eagerly ripped off the paper, took out the negligee out of the
gift box and saying to her father as she left the room...


"I want to see what it looks like on me".

Up in her bedroom. It had only taken seconds for Tracy to rip off her
clothes. She was now naked by her bed looking at the sheer-fine
embroided cotton and silk garment lying on the bed.

Her hands were trembling slightly, as she picked up the garment,
firstly holding it against her for a few moments, before she slipped
it on over her goose-bumps skin.

She slowly went over to the mirrored wardrobe to see what she looked
like. Her mouth was agape, but no words came out. She was stunned at
the gorgeous, highly erotic-sexy-beauty that was looking back at her.
"WOW!!! Is that me"?? she uttered.

She adjusted the two tiny black silk triangles, that barely covered
her nipples, which were now erect, from the touch of the silk against
them. She carefully adjusted the larger silk triangle so that
it was more central covering her usual pubic area. She was glad that
she had decided to shave her dark hairs, as they would have poked out
from the edges. She never liked hairs there anyway. She turned around
to see what she looked like from behind. The rear of the negligee was
just open embroided mesh of fine black cotton, with no patches of silk
to "cover the obvious". It was very "hot' I love it!!! Tracy
admiringly uttered.

Tracy put on a dressing gown, and went downstairs to where her father
was in the loungeroom watching TV.

Tracy's heartbeat was racing. She was trembling, not from fear, but
from the effect this erotic piece of "sheer-nothing" was doing to her
body...turning her on!!!!

She took off her dressing gown. She was now only in the negligee. She
took in a deep breath and strolled into the room with great

confidence. She went upto the TV, switching it off, as she did a
"swirl" saying to her dad....

"Well dad what do you think"??? asked Tracy.

Her dad stared at the gorgeous sexy sight infront of the TV for a few
moments, before he got his senses together.

"You're...Er..Um"...He was speechless.

Tracy smiled, as she came over to where her father was sitting, bent
down and gave him a full kiss on his already open mouth. He did not
respond, as he was still in a trance.

"Thank you dad. It's just what I wanted", she told him and again she
kissed him.


This time he responded, as he returned the kiss, and put his arms
around her, drawing her down to him so that she was lying on him in
the chair. His hands move down her back, over the material to
her ass, where he gave her buns a tight squeeze, as he pushed her
against him. Tracy could feel her father's hard cock throbbing against
her belly, as she and her dad held the embrace...then...suddenly...her
dad broke the embrace, held her away from him and said...

"Tracy, what are you doing. You're a very bad girl", he told her with
a smirk. "Yes very bad, but very sexy in my sexy negligee", Tracy said
smiling at her father.

"Extremely sexy", her dad agreed.

They held their gaze at each other for a few moments, then Tracy bit
her lip, as she very nervously said to her dad...

"Dad I want to spend the night in your bed with you", Tracy had
uttered.

Her dad laughed as he said....

"Of course, you are joking"!!!

"No. I really do", she reconfirmed to him..

"Are you telling me, that you want us to make love"?? Tracy's dad
asked her.

"Yes", she nodded.

"But Tracy, I'am your father. I can't make love to you. Surely you
know that", her dad told her.

"Yes, I know and it is a stupid rule. I am now 16yrs. I have consented
and want you to take me to bed with you. But because you are my
father, there is no way. There are lots of daughters who
want their dads to make love to them...to experience real sex, not the
useless fumbling boy, but a real man who knows what to do. Some of my
friends have had sex with their own dads and have said that it was
wonderful. It's just fucking unfair!!!" Tracy blurted out, getting up
off her father's chair.

Tracy went over to the TV, switched it on, went over to another chair,
sat in it sulking.

Tracy was upset that her plan had come to nothing....!!!...OR HAD IT.
Tracy's dad had listened to what she had said. He had been surprised
at her outburst. He agreed that it can be unfair, but that
was life...However now that Tracy had wanted to have sex with him that
was different. Of course he would love to make love to Tracy,
especially as she was
very-sexy-erotic-piece-of-next-to-nothing-negligee-. Also it had been
a long interval between pussies...and the more he thought about the
very appealing, highly desirable girl's body right here.....Tracy had
got up from her chair.

Her father watched Tracy as she got up from her chair, gone over to
the doorway, where she had left her dressing gown on the floor. She
had bent over to pick it up. Her father's eyes openned wide
in wonder, as the negligee material now stretched over her ass's buns,
and when she straightened up, the material was firmly wedged in her
crack. The incredible erotic sight...especially on a girl/woman like
Tracy was to much for Tracy's dad to just sit there and ignore!!!

He had got up, gone over to Tracy, put his arms underneath her and
whisked her away up the stairs.

Tracy had been startled by her fathers actions. He had said nothing,
as now they had passed her bedroom, and was heading for his bedroom.
Her heart missed a beat, as they entered the bedroom.

He let her down. Her heart was beating faster, her mouth was dry, her
palms were sweating...she was trembling slightly.

Her dad looked at her and noticed her overall nervousness. He took her
hands in his, and took her over to the bed, where they sat on it's
side. "Relax Love. If you're unsure about all this and want
to change your mind...."

"No way dad. I want this very much", Tracy told him.

Her dad smiled at the eagerness of his daughter.

He held Tracy's face in his hands, as he placed a light opening kiss.
She put her arms around him. They both fell back on the bed. His hands
went over her body, gently squeezing her well developed
breasts through her negligee. He could feel her heartbeat racing under
his palms. Then suddenly Tracy moved off the bed. Tracy stood a couple
of feet away from him, she took off the straps of
her negligee from her shoulders, letting it slip off her down to her
ankles. She had seen her dad's eyes widen as he saw for the first time
his naked daughter.

"God, you're so gorgeous Tracy. I particulary love the sight of you
with no hair. Christ that is beautiful. Baby, come closer so I can
examine your fine body", Tracy's dad had told her.

Tracy giggled, at hearing these word of sex.

She moved closer. Her dad put his arms around her, as he now sat on
the side of the bed, as she stood between his legs, as he kissed her
breasts, taking each nipple in his mouth and sucking on it,
to make them fully erect, as he suck on them, while also fondling the
breast's flesh. Tracy liked this attention to her breasts. Her
previous experiences with boys and her breasts had been..a few
seconds of touching. But her father was spending a great amount of
time...which was how it should have been. But now he had stopped as he
now moved her around so that she was on the bed. She lay back, letting
her legs relax, giving her father a glimpse of her hairless pussy.

"God, that is so fucking beautiful", he murmed, before saying to
her....


"Baby. I'am especially going to love eating you"!!!


Tracy laughed...only for a few seconds, as she suddenly felt new
sensations through her body, as her father's tongue and mouth came in
contact with her inner pink flesh.

Tracy's father, had ran his tongue over the hairless slit, gradually
parting the lips apart, so he could get his tongue inside, over the
pink flesh of Tracy. Tracy's father was going to make sure
that Tracy experienced one of the best ever sexual encounters she
would ever have...AND...he was also going to make sure that it was the

best encounters he would ever have as well.

It was so very different eating a hairless woman. Tracy was no girl
now, she was a woman. She smelt like a woman. She tasted like a woman.
She had a body of a woman.

Tracy's musky scent was driving her father to madness. He wanted more
of Tracy's flesh. She was already very wet, from her father's great
attentions. However her father wanted to tongue her very
inner most part of her...her tunnel of love. But he would wait until
she had her first orgasm..which would be very soon now.

Tracy had wanted to see what her father was doing to her pussy, but
the couple of times she raised her head to look down her body, she
slumped back. In the end she did not bother, and just kept
her eyes closed, savouring the sensations travelling through her body.
Then she felt something new in the sensations she had been having. She
was shaking, shuddering, rocking her body to and fro,
then she screamed, as something hit her from within her
body......AGHAGHAGHAGHAGHAGHAGH.............!!!!!! It was a few
moments before Tracy opened her eyes. Her father smiled at her,
saying....


"Welcome back to earth"!!!!

"What happened?? I think I must have fainted", Tracy uttered.

"You had one hell of an orgasm". Your first, I would think, her father
told her.

"I've never felt like that before, so yes it must be", Tracy had said.

"Want to feel that good again"?? her father asked her.

"Yes, Oh Yes!!!", she replied.

Her father laughed, as he now pushed her legs back over her chest,
telling her...

"Now hold them there and whatever don't let go of them !!!!!" Of
course he knew that she would let go of them...eventually.

He now had a view of Tracy's hairless slit and tight ass...For the
moment her hairless slit with the love-tunnel was his aim.

He positioned himself with his ever-probing tongue over her gaping
pussy. He drove his tongue inside her, running around her entrance,
then he wet two fingers, before he inserted past the entrance to her
inner-most secrets, at the same time, flicking her over-sensitive clit
with his tongue.
He now fucked Tracy with his fingers and sent her wild by flicking his
tongue over her clit. At sometime her father just finger-fucked her.
Tracy was firmly holding onto her legs, but as soon as
her father began to fuck her with his fingers, she grasped them
tighter. She moaned in rythmn as her father now fingers-fucked her.
She had wished that it was his cock instead...but this was okay.

Unknown to Tracy, her father had undone his pants, and released the
strain his cock was under. It only took a couple of hand-pumps, before
he had shot a load of cum. He was careful that Tracy had not noticed
any of this. He was not surprised at the quick climax, at least the
next one would take longer ....and....hopefully that would be when he
would be deep inside Tracy.

He was watching Tracy's face, the changing expressions, the impulse of
running her tongue over her lips in a slow sensuous manner. He noticed
the whiteness of her knuckles as she grasped her legs very tightly. He
decided to speed up Tracy's second orgasm.

He put his mouth to her clit, sucking on it's housing, while now
fucking her faster. In a few moments, there was the unmistakable moans
of immient orgasmic pleasure, coming from Tracy. Then her father felt
his head being pushed into Tracy's pussy, as well as her thighs clasp
the sides of his head over his hears. Even though his ears were
covered by Tracy's thighs, he still heard muffled screams of
shattering pleasure from her. Then her legs relaxed and he was able to
release himself from her hold. He looked at the face of contentment.
He bent down and kissed her.

She gave him a UGH face, as she had tasted some of her own juices on
his lips. He was about to wipe his face with his shirt lying nearby,
but she stopped him, hugging him to her, and kissing him, at the same
time, turning her father onto his back.

Once on his back, Tracy started to place kisses on his body, as she
made her way down her father's body. Her father watched her. When she
reached his cock, she ran her fingers over the semi-hard shaft, which
became fully-hard at the touch of her nimble fingers. She kissed the
shaft and head, before inserting the engorged head in her mouth,
giving a couple of sucks on it.


Her father relaxed his head back on the bed, as he felt the beginings
of a head-job starting. However Tracy had other plans. Her father now
looked at Tracy, who was now kneeling astride over her father's cock,
facing him. She smiled as she slowly lowered herself down over his
cock.
Even though Tracy was wet, there was still quite an amount of
tightness. Perhaps the thickness of her father's cock was more than
she had before, but her father was most certainly feeling the
tightness...though not complaining about it...If it carried on he
would climax way to early...So he fought the urge.

Tracy now rested the palms of her hands on her father's chest, as she
moved up/down her father's cock, as her cunt engulfed every inch of
it. Her father was grateful it was a slow-fuck. Being a slow one, he
could take in every pleasurable thing his cock was going through, most
importantly his self-control, so it would much longer.

He looked at Tracy's face, the changing contortions, when she was on
the downward motion. He put his arms around her, pulling her down to
him. They both kissed a sloppy wet kiss. He held her down over him,
and squeezed her buns. He then rolled her over onto her back, and
kneeling between her legs with her legs held wide apart, as he fucked
her, looking at the delirious face before him. He at some stage pushed
her legs over her chest, hovered above her on his outstretched arms,
he fucked her in this now very deep position. It was the final
position as both Tracy and her father let out moans and groans of
acute pleasure as they both climaxed together, with Tracy's father
climaxing deep inside his daughter's body.

They both collasped on each other, and lay there together not saying
anything for some moments, as they got back their breath. Tracy's
father was the first to speak....

"So, my wonderful, exciting, beautiful daughter, so how was your 16th
birthday"??


"Wonderful. Thank you dad. My friends were right, making love with
your dad, is much better than with some inexperienced boy", Tracy told
her father.

Her father laughed before he said...

"I will tell you. You are Tracy the first hairless woman that I have
had, and I now prefer the hairless woman. So Tracy thank you for being
the way you are...so cute looking".

Tracy hugged her father, as she told him....

"I love you dad".

THE END.
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....