




Let me tell you about a little girl that used to live across the
street from me.  She was about 12 at the time and she had locked
herself out of her apartment when she came home from school. I
answered the doorbell and there she stood wearing her school uniform
(white blouse and plaid skirt) and carrying an armful of books.  She
told me that her mom was at work and no one else was at home. I was
about 23 and single at the time.  I was night manager at the phone
company and had just gotten up from bed.  I answered the door with a
bathrobe on.  I let her in and told her to have a seat, watch some TV
and offered her a soda.  I couldn't get over how cute she was -- long
brown hair down her back, big blue eyes and a really cute smile.  At
first I started to go get something on besides my robe, but then
decided not to.  She lied down on the floor in front of the TV after
picking some afternoon kid's show. I sat in my chair just behind her,
pretending to watch TV but never taking my eyes off of her cute butt
as she lay on her stomach with her knees bent upward. I noticed that
every time she moved her legs that her skirt got higher and higher
until finally I could see most of her thighs.  Since I was behind
her, I began to rub my crotch.  I was getting a tremendous hard on
watching this little girl.  Then she moved in such a way that her
skirt was halfway over the top of her panties.  She did nothing to
change that and I continued to rub my crotch. Soon I realized that
she was watching my reflection in the TV and that her skirt going up
was intentional.  I opened my robe and rubbed myself through my
jockey shorts.  After a minute she turned and sat, her knees up,
skirt back, and her crotch exposed. "Why are you doing that?" she
asked innocently, not taking her eyes off the buldge in my shorts.
"Because you're doing that!" I replied, pointing to her exposed
panties.  "Can I see it?" she asked, her eyes still on my crotch.
"Sure!" I answered as I pulled my shorts down to my knees.  She came
over to my chair and sat on my knee, watching as I slowly stroked my
cock.  She reached down and stroked it for me, and with my hands
free, I held her skirt up with one hand and held out the rim of her
panties with the other.  I looked down inside the panties to see the
smooth little mound.  I fingered her little slit as she stroked my
cock with one hand and explored my balls with the other.  Almost
breathless, I asked her questions like if she had ever done this
before and if she had ever had sex or seen a guy cum and things like
that.  She told me that she had played "show me" games with a little
boy that used to live in the apartment and that she had spied on her
mother and her boyfriend once when they were doing it.  But she had
never seen cum, or had sex, although she did have a vibrator that her
mother had thrown out because it didn't work and that she would put
it in her hole while she played with herself.  Soon we were naked.
She was sitting in my overstuffed chair with one leg over each arm of
the chair while I ran my tongue in and out of her wet little hole.  I
licked up and down her slit and in and out of her asshole, stopping
occasionally to massage her clit with the tip of my tongue.  She
ground her little ass in pleasure.  Soon, I was on the floor on my
back as she came on top of me.  At first she rubbed her slit up and
down my dick, but soon the head of my cock was pushing at the
entrance to her hole.  My licking had combined with her juices to
make it go in easy compared to how tight she was.  Her practice with
the vibrator had helped too and soon I was fucking this child like a
grown-up woman.  I came in her cunt in gushes that dripped back down
my cock as her hole was completely filled.  She continued to hump and
I watched as a white foam formed from our cum being agitated.  We
rolled over exhausted, her cunt still contracting involuntarily
around my cock.  I withdrew my shrinking prick from her hole as cum
flowed forward from her hole, down her crack, and matting the fine
pubes above her slit."Can we do this again another time?", she asked
innocently as she pulled her panties over her smooth round hips.
"Any time you want!", I replied.



