From uwm.edu!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!samsung!wizvax!stephie Fri Apr 19 22:38:51 CDT 1991



This is an anonymous post. I did not write this.
I am merely posting it for another individual.
Their anonymous address is at the bottom, if you care to
comment.
			Steph

-----------------CUT HERE------------------
     For almost three years now, I'd had a unfulfilled fantasy. 
Last summer, that fantasy was fulfilled.  Karen and Dave are 
next-door neighbors, both in their mid twenties.  Karen is in 
good physical shape, even though Karen and Dave have three young 
children.  She has blond hair, large breasts, a flat stomach, 
fairly wide hips, and a lovely, heart-shaped ass.  Believe me, 
I've enjoyed the fact that my bathroom window gives a view of 
their back yard, complete with Karen laying out in a skimpy 
bikini. Dave is built solidly, with lots of muscle.  Though I'm 
only 20, I can't compare to him.  However, Dave flies for one of 
the airlines and is often gone for a week or even more.  That is 
actually what my fantasy centered about.  While a three-some 
would certainly have been enjoyable, I had often thought about 
Karen and I having an encounter when Dave was gone.

     On the day it finally happened, I had the day off.  My 
sister, mom, and dad were all at work.  It was hot, about 110, 
but there was little humidity, as we were in Phoenix.  I had gone
biking early that morning, returning at 7:00 to see Karen looking
good in a knee-length robe.  She whistled at me in my biking 
shorts, the first indication I'd ever gotten that she was 
flirtatious; uncharacteristically cocky, I flashed her a smile 
and wiggled my rear at her, yelling out "You want it--come get 
it!"  She laughed and went back inside, her hips swaying from 
side to side.  I wheeled my bike in the garage and stretched 
down, thinking of her.
     Later that day, I was out in the back yard "painting" the 
fence that hides the pool filtration stuff.  Because I was 
"painting" with a clothes-hostile mixture of linseed oil and 
turpentine, and because of the heat, I had taken my shirt off, 
leaving only my old, faded bathing suit on.  The other advantage 
to the bathing suit, of course, was that I could jump in the pool
whenever I got too hot (as, shortly, I was going to get).
     Anyway, I heard the Karen's door open and shut, followed by 
the sounds of the chaise lounge scraping on concrete, which soon 
quieted.  I set down my brush and pot of goop and went over and 
stood on the diving board, which gave me a view over the 
cinderblock fence.  Karen was lying out about ten feet from me, 
at an angle, facing towards me, her eyes closed.  I felt 
stirrings in my pants as I took in her long, tanned legs, the 
string bikini covering her pubic region, her flat stomach, her 
glorious breasts accented by the bikini top, and the cloud of 
long, blond hair around her face.  Rather than have her catch me 
staring, I called out "Looking good," also unusually bold of me, 
given how she and my mom talk together.
     Karen's eyes popped open and quickly found mine.  She looked
a little startled, but also a little pleased.  She got up and 
came over to the fence, giving me a _great_ view of her breasts, 
which were pressing together due to their confinement.  I felt my
dick harden in response.  Then, she mentioned that their pool 
filter was acting up and that she didn't know how to fix it.  
"Would you be willing to take a look at it?" was said with a
perfectly innocent look.  I readily agreed, hard-on or no
hard-on.
     After I hopped the fence, I followed her over to the filter,
adjusting my bathing suit in a completely futile attempt at 
hiding my interest.  As she bent over, it became difficult for me
to focus on the filter; the blue bikini bottom slipped a little 
further into the crack of her cheeks.  Gallantly, however, I 
peered over her shoulder (ok, ok, occasionally I snuck a glance 
at her impressive cleavage) and paid attention.  After moving 
around her, I looked at the pressure gauge, which was way too 
high, and cleaned out the trap, which was clogged with bits of 
leaves and grass.  As I kneeled to screw the top back on the 
trap, my dick, which had wilted enough to move around, slipped 
down along my leg.  Karen, who had bent over (that cleavage 
again!) to look at what I was doing, didn't seem to notice 
anything.  However, as I tried to shift my member around and it 
hardened in reply, she seemed to catch on and smiled a bit.  When
I stood up, my hard-on was quite evident.
     Karen just looked at it, smiled a bit wider, and offered me 
a drink.  I noticed that her nipples were a bit more evident 
through the stretchy fabric of her bikini top.  We went inside 
and I commented on the lack of kids.  She smiled again, and said 
that they were farmed out at friends' houses, so that she could 
run errands (I wondered if I was an "errand").  She opened a 
cabinet and reached up to get a glass on a shelf that was just a 
little bit too high.  I reached around her and grabbed a glass 
and set it on the counter.  My cock pressed up against the side 
of her hip.  Then, I grabbed another glass, rubbing my cock 
further up, around, and back down her hip.  By this time, her 
nipples were fully erect (or so I thought) and, in one place, the
faded blue of my suit was spotted dark blue by my oozing pre-cum.
     Still playing like nothing was happening, Karen went over to
the sink and filled our glasses with water.  I stood behind her, 
reached over her shoulder to get my glass, and pressed my hips 
against her ass, nestling my dick between her ass cheeks.  She 
pressed her hips backwards and rotated them a bit as she filled 
her glass.
     Still playful, neither of us making a major move, though 
both clearly wanted to, we went in to the living room and sat 
down, Karen on the couch, me on another couch facing her.  Karen 
then got up and bent _way_ over to turn on the TV. Her bikini 
bottom slipped further up her ass cheeks and, from my vantage 
point, I could see the outline of her swelling pussy lips.  She 
stood back up and started the VCR.  She had obviously been 
watching the porno tape earlier, since it started in the middle 
of scene.  It was actually switching between two scenes, one of a
very vocal woman with long black hair and medium-sized breasts 
being eaten by her husband, the other of a blonde with larger 
breasts (supposedly their daughter, I guess) listening to the 
couple and masturbating.  When the movie first started up, the 
blonde was running her hands over her breasts, milking them 
upwards, tweaking and massaging her erect nipples.  The other 
woman's moans as she was given a tongue-lashing were clearly 
evident.  Then, the scene cut to the couple, as the man sucked on
the woman's clit and lightly tongued it back and forth.  Then 
woman's moans got louder and the scene cut back to the blonde.
     The blonde still had one hand working on her breasts, but 
was now also had a hand playing with her belly, pubic hair, and, 
every once in a while, dipping down to rub along her downy-haired
slit.  As this was going on, I had been sort of splitting my 
attention between the TV and Karen.  My dick had gotten even 
harder as Karen spread her legs a bit, allowing me to see a 
growing wet spot at her crotch.  She also was lightly running her
fingers along the outline of her bikini top and sometimes over 
and around her hard nipples.  Her nipples, if possible, grew more
erect and pushed almost as hard against her bikini top as my cock
pushed against my swim trunks.  When the black-haired woman 
orgasmed from her husband's attention, the scene cut to the 
daughter, who was approaching her orgasm as well, with two 
fingers pumping in and out of her dripping pussy lips.
     I got up, thinking I should have earlier, and sat down next 
to Karen.  I reached my right hand around her shoulder into her 
blond tresses and ran the other down to trace along the bottom of
one breast.  I felt her lips vibrate with a muffled moan as I 
covered them with mine.  With my left hand, I traced over to the 
other breast, spiralled in to the nipple, and gently pulled it 
between two fingers.  One of Karen's hands slipped down to my 
trunks and began to rub my cock through the short.  Our tongues 
were alternately entwined and probing.
     As the blonde in the movie was moaning with her orgasm, I 
slipped my right hand down from Karen's hair to untie her bikini 
top.  As we broke our first kiss, Karen arched her back, causing 
her breasts to "present" themselves.  As a result, the strings of
her bikini top came most of the way around from her back and 
ended hanging loosely down her sides.  When she relaxed and 
hunched her shoulders a bit, the skimpy blue top fell completely 
off.  She tossed it to the floor and smiled a wicked grin as my 
eyes popped.
     Her breasts, fully revealed and unsupported, were at least a
'C' cup and most likely a 'D' cup.  They hung ever so slightly 
and met naturally at her sternum.  Her aureoles were a medium- 
sized and slightly darker pink than her large, erect nipples.  We
moved closer and started another passionate kiss.  With my left 
hand, I traced an inward spiral over the smooth skin of her 
breast, arousing a shiver, and took the nipple between the base 
of my second and third finger.  Then, cupping her breast but also
stimulating her nipple directly, I moved my hand in little 
circles, sometimes pulling the nipple outwards.
     During my play with her nipples, Karen had started massaging
my dick again.  Though it was still restrained by my swim trunks,
I felt it jump as Karen squeezed it lightly, and gasped a bit 
with the feeling.  Karen then broke our kiss and moved back 
slightly.  She got up and went over to the TV.  I moved over to 
the TV as well and pressed my hips forward against her ass as she
bent over and took the tape out.  As she stood up, tape in hand, 
I thrust my hips even further forward and reached both hands 
around to cup her breasts and brush her nipples.
     Karen twisted around in my arms and nestled her hips against
mine.  I could feel her breasts, tipped by erect nipples, press 
against my chest.  She kissed me lightly and mentioned that there
was a VCR in the bedroom.  I was tempted to pick her up by her 
hips, so that she would lock her legs around me, and carry her 
into the bedroom.  However, appropriate as that seemed, I also 
knew I probably wasn't quite strong enough.  Rather than upset 
the mood by dropping her halfway there, I tilted my head towards 
the hallway and followed her into the bedroom.
     The room was fairly neat, but some clothes thrown on the 
chair and the rumpled bed showed that someone actually lived 
there. (I like a "lived in" look, provided it doesn't cross the 
line to messy)  A decent-sized TV screen sat on the dresser, 
facing the queen-sized bed.  Karen popped the tape in the VCR and
started it.  The sounds of sex came into being around us.  Again,
I stood behind her, thrusting my hips forward and massaging her 
breasts.  She bent over a little bit, moving her hips backwards, 
creating more pressure on my rock-hard dick, and reached around 
behind her to pull me closer to her.  I began running one hand up
and down, from breast to navel and back, gradually working lower.

As I did this, I was nibbling on an ear, planting little kisses 
in her hair, on her neck, on her shoulders, doing my best to 
drive her crazy.
     Karen had been moaning a little and trembling slightly 
whenever I whispered wetly in her ear or seeded her hair with 
kisses.  After working slowly over the top of her bikini, working
slowly down the edges of the bikini, brushing her thighs with my 
fingers, and returning to massage her breasts, I finally let my 
hand brush down past her navel, over to top of her bikini, along 
the edges of the bikini towards her inner thighs, along her upper
thighs.  Finally, I let one finger extend from that hand, trace 
lightly along the wet patch on the bikini, and apply pressure, 
ever so slightly, from the back of her covered cleft to the 
front.
     Karen shuddered and moaned a bit, then stopped me and turned
around.  Her breasts were red from my attention and her face was 
getting flushed.  Karen kissed me once, quickly, and then tugged 
my bathing suit down.  My six-inch cock (it may have been seven 
then) sprang free from its long confinement and stood out proudly
as I stepped out of my only clothing.  As Karen stood up, her 
breasts brushed along my cock and gained a thin line of pre-cum. 
She grabbed me by the cock, led me over to the bed, and left me 
stretched out in the middle of the bed, watching her.
     Karen walked over to the dresser and leaned against its 
edge, next to the TV, which still played, ignored.  She spread 
her legs to show the large wet spot at the crotch of her bikini 
bottoms.  Then, she closed her eyes and began massaging her 
breasts, tugging on the nipples and pressing the smooth globes 
together with the sides of her arms.  Almost involuntarily, her 
right hand crept in little circles down to her navel, down to the
top of her bikini bottoms, down the blue fabric to run along her 
slit.  She brought fingers to her face, inhaled the scent, and 
then licked what moisture there was free.  The next time her hand
crept down, it slipped underneath her bikini.  She put one hand 
on the dresser behind her and raised her hips enough to slide the
bottoms free.  I was exerting all my willpower to keep in place 
and not explode right there from the erotic influence Karen was 
having on me.
     I must have made some noise, because Karen seemed to come 
back to what was going on.  She stepped completely out of her 
bikini and stood nude, glorious, and aroused before me.  She then
turned around and bent over, giving me a _great_ view of her 
gorgeous ass and puckered sphincter.  Her breasts I saw only as 
two globes hanging partially in view between her legs.  I could 
also see her pussy, puffy with arousal, surrounded by lightly 
colored downy pubic hair.  Many of the hairs had tiny droplets of
Karen's juices hanging from them, a sight that turned me on even 
more.  She licked one finger and then placed it between her legs 
and touching her sphincter.  After lightly rubbing around the rim
of her asshole, Karen pressed inwards briefly and then ran her 
finger forward, bisecting her swollen lips.  After licking her 
finger clean, Karen ran her finger along her swollen slit again, 
this time pressing a bit deeper, a bit harder.
     I couldn't stand watching her any longer and therefore got 
up and pulled her to the bed.  Karen ran her fingers lightly over
the head of my cock, spreading the droplet of pre-cum that had 
oozed out over my whole glans.  I couldn't believe how good such 
a simple action felt.  After tugging on Karen's nipples for a 
minute, I moved my hands down to her dripping nether regions.  
After pressing the tip of my finger against her clit, I moved it 
further back and applied pressure to the length of her slit.  
Karen shuddered a bit, but moved away from my finger.  At first, 
I didn't know why, but her motive soon became apparent.
     Karen traced the fingertips of both hands down my chest and 
stomach, leaning low enough that her nipples brushed a double 
line as well.  When she reached my navel, my dick slipped in 
between her breasts and bumped along her sternum.  I left a 
slippery line of pre-cum along her sternum to match the earlier, 
now dried line running over both of her breasts.  I was reveling 
in the sights and sounds of Karen's actions when she began 
intensifying them.  Gently at first, but with gaining strength, 
Karen jacked my dick with both hands.  After doing this for a 
while and thoroughly coating the head of my dick with my pre-cum,
she leaned down and blow a hot, wet breath along the length of my
cock, ending by tickling the hair on my balls.  When she gently 
squeezed my balls, my cock jumped involuntarily.
     Karen smiled to see what she was doing to me, and took just 
the tip of my cock into her mouth, swirling her tongue around the
opening at the tip of my cock and tasting the pre-cum there.  As 
she swirled her tongue around the rest of my cock head and 
trilled around the sensitive ridge, my cock jumped again and my 
hips involuntarily flexed slightly.   Karen then took the length 
of my cock into her warm, wet mouth.  I could tell already that 
she was good at giving head.  As I looked down past her blond- 
crowned head, I could see from movement of her hips that she was 
working on herself, too.  I could also see the TV above her head,
but the TV didn't have much attraction now, even though the same 
blonde as before was getting filled from behind by a strapping 
tanned stud.
     As Karen ran her tongue along the underside of my cock and 
increased her suction, I knew I wouldn't be able to last long.  
Already, I could feel a hallmark pleasant tightening of my 
stomach muscles.  Between gasps of pleasure and involuntary 
thrusts into Karen's mouth, I told her I was getting ready to 
come.  Karen responded by squeezing my balls and, if possible, 
taking me further into her mouth, sucking even harder, and 
trilling her tongue in still more delightful convolutions.  I had
both hands on her head, running through her blond hair, helping 
me actively thrust against her mouth.  I was getting closer and 
closer to the edge; I could feel my balls pulling in to my body 
in anticipation of what wasn't far away.
     Karen finally pushed me over the edge when she ran her 
tongue repeatedly around the sensitive ridge on my glans.  I 
thrust spasmodically against her mouth and held her head tightly 
as I started spurting down her throat.  Karen didn't even try to 
move away; she just kept sucking my cock, swallowing its load and
draining the last of the sperm that had boiled forth from my 
balls.  After I had collapsed back against the bed and was idly 
caressing Karen's hair, she let my softening cock slip out of her
mouth and moved up to kiss me.
     As I found out, Karen hadn't swallowed all of my load; I 
tasted my sperm as our tongues entwined.  No woman had ever given
me a blowjob even approaching hers; further, no woman had ever 
kissed me with my sperm still in her mouth.  I was determined to 
give Karen as massive an orgasm as I'd had.
     So, after recovering for a minute, I turned Karen over on 
her back.  Though I was pretty certain Karen was already highly 
aroused ;) I couldn't possibly skip over her lovely breasts.  I 
kissed her lips as my hands ran circles around her globes.  As I 
traced the tip of my tongue down her throat to a collarbone, I 
started to squeeze each _very_ erect nipple between my fingers. 
Then I ran my tongue along her collarbone out to her shoulder 
and back.  Once I reached her sternum again, I traced along her
sternum with my tongue and continued down the underside Karen's
left breast.  I could feel her shiver in anticipation and could
certainly see her arousal in her tightly erect nipples.
     Unable to resist those nipples, I spiralled the tip of my
tongue inwards until I was licking broad, rough circles around
her nipple, enticing the nipple to new heights.  Karen pressed my
head roughly against her breasts and gasped.  I started licking
the other breast and then alternated, doing my best to drive
Karen crazy.  When she began trying to push me downwards between
gasps and moans, I figured I was getting close.  So, I traced my
fingers slowly downwards, just barely touching the skin. 
Similarly, I had my tongue arc in lazy parabolas down to her
navel, down to her downy, blond pubic thatch.
     Karen's hips began to arch to meet my tongue and fingers; as
she forced her hips upwards, I moved my tongue and hands back,
prolonging her enjoyment.  After arching her back to its fullest,
she collapsed back on the bed and awaited my touch.  Her fingers
were slowly massaging her nipples and breasts, a small motion
that turned me on even more.  I ran my fingers around the edges
of her pubic hair, then caressed her inner thighs, and finally
ran them along her swollen pussy lips.  The light hairs between
her legs were slick with sweat and an occasional depending drop
of her nectar.  As I moved my fingers around her pussy, Karen's
legs spread wider, giving me better access.
     When her legs were spread almost as far as they would go, I
spread her pussy lips and blew gently upon her wetness.  I could
see the hard nubbin her clit made and blew against that until it
popped free of its sheath.  As I blew each time, Karen's stomach
muscles would contract and relax; her asshole would pucker and
unpucker also.  When her clit popped free, I slowly ran a finger
around her pussy, applying light pressure at first, but
increasing the pressure gradually.  When the finger was wet with
her juices, I slowly inserted it into Karen's depths.  Her breath
came as an abrupt whoosh, then a slow, excruciating inhale.  I
moved my other hand back to her ass and caressed it, finally
pressing one finger against her brown hole.
     She seemed to like that; I set up an alternating rhythm,
first pressing a finger on her hole while massaging her outer
lips, then tracing around her ass cheeks as I probed a finger far
into her warm, wet pussy.  As Karen's moans began to intensify, I
traced my tongue through her pubic hair and around Karen's
engorged pussy lips.  She jerked upright and pressed my head
against herself, clearly enjoying the sensations.  I was too;
Karen's juices were sweet and copious.  I sucked on each lip,
drawing it out and letting it relax back, eliciting moans and
shudders.  By now, Karen's hips were rocking back and forth,
gradually picking up speed.  When I fastened my lips to Karen's
clit and hummed, her moans turned to a crescendoing yelp, and
subsided gradually.  I could feel her approaching orgasm and
started moving two fingers inside of her in addition to my tongue
on her clit.
     Karen began pressing her hands down on my head, forcing more
pressure on her sensitive nerve endings.  As my fingers moved
back and forth, probing up the third knuckle, her pussy made
sucking noises.  Karen began moaning even louder and bucking her
hips against my face.  I lubricated a finger with Karen's juices
and pressed it slowly against her asshole.  As the finger circled
her rim and gradually moved inwards and I drove my tongue all the
way up her pussy, the sensations abruptly became too much for
her.  Every muscle tensed (including her thighs, with squeezed
tightly around my head) and she began to quiver spasmodically,
still bucking wildly against my face.  As she orgasmed, I
continued to tongue-lash her, extending her throes of pleasure. 
Finally, after gushing pussy juice all over my face and hands,
Karen's muscles relaxed and her breathing started to slow.  I
moved up alongside her and kissed her deeply, sharing with her
the pussy juice I still held in my mouth.
     My cock was again jutting out from my body, a detail Karen
soon noticed.  She told me to lay on my back and began rubbing
her hands between her legs and transferring the moisture to her
breasts and especially her cleavage.  I helped her out by licking
between her breasts and on each nipple.  By the time she lowered
her breasts around my cock, the nipples were standing erect
again.  Karen began moving slowly back and forth, fucking my cock
with her hanging breasts.  As she was straddling my leg, I could
feel her growing heat as she ground her pussy against it.  Soon,
she was breathing heavily and I was thrusting into her cleavage
and groaning a bit myself.
     When Karen positioned herself over my cock and started to
guide it in, I asked about protection.  Luckily, as I sure didn't
want to stop, she had had her tubes tied after her third child. 
As she lowered herself, the tip of my cock touched her folds.  We
stopped there and moved in tiny but opposite circles, stimulating
each other.  Then, Karen slowly settled onto my cock.
     I couldn't believe the sensations; her pussy was very tight,
though not the tightest I'd been in.  Still, though, I could feel
her pussy walls contract with the sudden intake of breath
accompanying my full penetration.  My cock jumped a bit, but
subsided as we rested for a minute, enjoying the feeling of being
joined.  Then, Karen began lifting herself up and down and I
began to thrust in time with her.  Each time, my cock would pull
out until the head was barely inside her and then would penetrate
its full length.  I was groaning and holding onto Karen's hips as
she pulled on her nipples.
     After doing this for a while, Karen started to get tired. 
Changing positions was good; I was starting to have a hard time
holding back.  We moved to classic missionary position.  Again, I
rubbed my cock head around her opening before thrusting slowly
into her.  She raised her hips up to meet my thrust and wrapped
her legs around me until I was completely inside her.  Reveling
in the sensation of her warm, wet pussy grasping my dick, I
started thrusting deeply and quickened the pace.  Every once in a
while, I'd pump Karen with a series of short, tight strokes that
built tension in my belly.  Karen started moaning loader as I
pumped her, and shrieked "YES!" when I slipped a finger down to
press on her clit from the top as my dick stimulated it from
below.
     I knew I wouldn't last much longer and slowed down to try to
prolong the ecstacy.  Karen was flushed and breathing heavily; we
were both covered with a sheen of sweat.  As Karen's legs locked
and unlocked around my hips, my ass was bucking with a life of
its own, striving to meet Karen's thrusting hips and drive my
cock even further into her tightness.  The sounds of our sex were
liquid as my cock stretched Karen's pussy lips around its
circumference.  The familiar tightening in my stomach told me
that I couldn't last much longer.  Between groans of pleasure as
Karen contracted her muscles, I got across to Karen my impending
orgasm.  She began bucking even harder against me, trying to
bring me to orgasm with her.  She was pinching her nipples
roughly, pulling them away from her breasts.  Karen's pussy had
been squeezing against my cock in firm contractions; suddenly it
clamped down as her orgasm arrived, accompanied by Karen's wails
of pleasure.  With the added pressure and a last spasmodic
thrust, I began to feel my sperm boiling out of my balls and
shooting deep into Karen's pussy.  We were moaning and groaning
together as our orgasms further stimulated each other.  I had
never come as long or as hard in my life.  When my cock was
finally done pulsating, Karen and I collapsed together and lay
there, cooling off.
     After a few minutes we rolled apart and I happened to see
the clock.  It was 4:00!!!  My parents and sister would be home
in about forty-five minutes and I was halfway through a project
that had to be finished by the time they returned.  I explained
to Karen and kissed her, first on her pussy (tasting my sperm),
then on each nipple, and finally ending on her contented mouth. 
She sucked the last come off my dick and I left with a hard-on,
thinking about my fantasy come true. 

This is the first story I've written.  Please direct criticism
(preferrably constructive) and comments to ap.902@samsung.com.
                  --Greg

-- 
Stephanie Paula Gilgut
stephie@wizvax.methuen.ma.us / uunet!samsung!wizvax!stephie 
"When You Wish Upon A Star, It Makes No Difference Who You Are;
Anything your heart desires will come to you."     -Disney


