Archive-name: Family/neighbor.txt
Archive-author: F.S.Yressu
Archive-title: Good Neighbor, The


     Copyright 1993, by F. S. Yressu

Linda Stevens sighed in disgust.  Another lousy weekday afternoon 
with nothing to do.  She stared into her bathroom mirror and saw a 
reasonably attractive 39 year old woman staring back.  Not bad, she 
thought to herself, a few wrinkles around the eyes and a few gray 
hairs, but otherwise I look fine.  I wonder if I should dye my hair to 
hide the gray.  No, she thought, it would just look fake and besides 
her brownish-blonde shade blended well with the occasional gray 
hair and it didn't look bad at all.  As she continued to towel herself 
off from the shower she had just emerged from, she glanced at 
herself in the full length mirror attached to the back of the door.  I 
guess I still have a pretty decent figure for an old lady she thought 
to herself humorously.  Linda had never been a beauty queen, but 
neither was she a woman any ordinary man would not take notice of.  
Her breasts were neither too large nor too small, though, as of the 
last few years they had begun to sag just a bit.  She was mid-height, 
standing about 5 foot 6 inches tall.  Her waist was not fashion model 
thin, but was still reasonably thin.  She certainly didn't look like she 
had borne two children.  Although, she thought to herself, there are 
stretch marks if you look closely.

As she started to blow-dry her hair and her mind wandered a bit.  
At the same time,  she continued to brush her shoulder length hair 
while it was drying.  Its been quiet around here since the kids have 
gone to summer camp, she thought, and Bill hasn't been the model of 
excitement either.  As her thoughts turned to her husband of fifteen 
years, she felt mixed emotions.  She knew she still loved Bill but he 
had turned into such a workaholic.  Ever since he had been promoted 
to an engineering manager in a silicon valley computer company all 
he did was work, work, and more work.  He comes home after dark 
and he's even been going into the office on Saturday afternoons to 
"catch up on paper-work."  It seems like lately their sex life had been 
nonexistent.  In fact, she thought to herself, its nearly the end of July 
and I don't think we have made love once this month.  I wonder if he 
has another lover, she thought -- no, not likely it would interfere 
with his career ambitions.  I wish I hadn't given up that part-time 
job working at the mall.  Selling women's clothing at a department 
store isn't exactly my dream come true, but at least its something to 
do.

Linda finished drying her hair, turned off the blow dryer and 
continued to brush her hair.  Just then the door bell rang.  Damn! I 
wonder who that could be..."Oh shit!", Linda said audibly; she had just 
remembered that she had asked Bobby Martin to mow her lawn on 
Wednesday afternoon, which was of course today.  Bobby was the 
son of their neighbors across the street.  He had recently graduated 
from high school and was looking for odd jobs to help pay for his 
tuition at the local junior college.  Linda had agreed to hire Bobby as 
a favor to her best friend and neighbor Barbara Martin, who was of 
course Bobby's mother.

Linda grabbed her bathrobe and quickly tied it around herself.  She 
rushed down the stairs and cracked open the front door.  Sure 
enough, standing on the front porch was Bobby Martin in his usual 
colored T-shirt, jeans, and jogging shoes.  Bobby was quiet kid, very 
quiet, and as anyone who is around him could quickly tell, very shy.  
Although he was not very athletic he had the average build and 
looks of young man coming into full adulthood.  Bobby was a little 
over 6 feet tall and had brown hair with a reddish tinge, an obvious 
contribution from his mother who was definitely a natural redhead.  
His lightly freckled face had gorgeous green eyes that were always 
hidden behind his glasses.

"Oh, hi Mrs. Stevens.  I'm sorry if I bothered you, I just wanted you 
to know I finished your lawn."

Linda opened the door wider, which got an immediate startled 
expression followed by an obvious blush on Bobby's face.  How cute 
thought Linda, I have embarrassed the poor boy.

"Come on in Bobby.  I have to apologize for my appearance.  I forgot 
all about our arrangement and you caught me just getting out of the 
shower."  Linda smiled at the now deeply blushing teenager as she 
completely opened the door and stood to one side.  She noticed that 
as embarrassed as he was he continued to stare at her giving quick 
subconscious glances up and down her entire body length.

Bobby blurted out almost stammering: "Ah, maybe I should come 
back later Mrs. Stevens."  But his eyes were still glued to Linda's 
revealing form.  Bobby was torn between his desire to continue to 
stare or to run away.  He felt very confused, a little scared, but an 
even stronger sense of curiosity and something else...

For brief second, Linda said nothing, her brown eyes locked in a stare 
with Bobby's vivid green eyes.  Then she gave him a warm smile and 
said, "It's okay Bobby, come on in.  I don't bite you know."  then she 
turned and walked into the living room and picked up her purse.  
Bobby hesitatingly followed her in and closed the door.  "I think we 
agreed on twenty dollars is that right?" she asked.  "Yes mam," he 
quickly replied.  After searching momentarily through the strange 
collection of items in her purse, she lost her patience and bent over 
to dump the contents onto a coffee table.  As she was doing this she 
unknowingly gave Bobby a good view of her ample breasts including 
her pink nipples.  It all happened so quickly.  Bobby gave a barely 
perceptible gasp as she fetched a twenty and stood back up.  Linda 
instantly realized what she had done and now it was her turn to 
blush crimson.

Bobby had never seen a woman's bare breasts before.  Well, not 
personally anyways.  Sure he had seen plenty of Playboy centerfolds, 
but because of his overwhelming shyness, the few dates he had been 
on had never go past a simple kiss on the lips.  Even that would not 
have happened if not for his dates initiating it.  He was so stunned 
and fascinated by what he had just seen that he continued to stare at 
Linda's now semi-covered cleavage as she stood there holding out a 
twenty dollar bill.  This went on for about ten more seconds before 
Linda broke the ice.  "I'm sorry Bobby, I didn't mean to do that.   I 
hope I didn't embarrass you too much."

Bobby quickly replied without thinking: "Its okay Mrs. Stevens, I 
didn't mind at all."  God! I can't believe I said that he thought as he 
pocketed the money.

Linda chuckled.  My god, she thought, I can't believe I can have this 
effect on an 18 year old boy.  No, she thought, not a boy a young 
man.  I guess I still have it.  "Uh, Bobby its pretty hot outside.  You 
must be really thirsty.  Sit down on the couch and let me fetch us 
both a glass of iced tea."

Bobby surprised himself by not even hesitating. "Sure, Mrs. Stevens."

After a brief exit, Linda returned from the kitchen.  At this point she 
still had no clear idea about exactly what she was doing, she only 
knew that she was intrigued by her effect on this young man.  "So, 
Bobby tell me about school.  What courses will you be taking and 
what is your major going to be?"

Bobby talked for while about school, with Linda occasionally 
interrupting to ask additional questions.  As they talked Linda could 
tell that Bobby's mind was not on what he was talking about.  
Bobby's eyes kept traveling down to her breasts and he kept 
fidgeting in his seat.  From Bobby's reaction she guessed that her left 
breast must be visible to Bobby who was sitting on her right side on 
the couch.  Instead of moving to cover it, she adjusted herself slowly 
so that he could see even more.  Bobby's glances were now to point 
of being obvious and he fidgeted even more.  As she was adjusting 
her position her gown slipped open below the waist momentarily 
exposing her left thigh almost to her crotch.  Once again Bobby gave a 
barely audible gasp and he started fidgeting in his seat again.

Why is he moving about in his seat so much, Linda thought.  Oh my 
god! she thought as she finally realized, this kid has a major hard-on 
and he is trying not to let me know.  I can't believe it!  I'm the same 
age as his mother and this kid is seriously turned on by my body.  
Linda also realized that she was getting pretty turned on by this 
little game also.  She knew that things had now progressed to a point 
where she had to make a decision.  She didn't even hesitate.

"Bobby, I sorry to interrupt you, but I would like to ask you a 
personal question.  Do you have a girlfriend?"

"No not really, Mrs. Stevens."

"Have you ever had one?"

"Well I have been out on a few dates.  But I guess I would have to 
say no."  Bobby could almost guess what the next question was but 
he was still stunned by it.

"So, does that mean that your still a virgin?"

After a brief pause, Bobby answered meekly, "Yes."

Linda looked Bobby squarely in the eyes and said, "And, I guess that 
is why you are so fascinated by my body.  Do I turn you on Bobby?"

There was no delay in Bobby's answer, "Yes."

Linda held his gaze for a few seconds and then slowly lowered her 
eyes to his crotch while he was still watching.  "Is that why your dick 
is so hard Bobby?"

Immediately both Linda's and Bobby's breathing became heavier and 
their hearts began to beat faster.  Linda's chest became slightly 
flushed, her nipples became firm and erect.  She could feel the 
moisture on her cunt lips.  Bobby's already engorged organ became 
even more so as he answered Linda's question with a hoarse "Yes."

Linda couldn't believe what was happening here, but she knew that 
both of them had passed the point of no return.  So taking a deep 
breathe she made still one more bold move.  She stood up opened 
her robe and let it fall to the floor.  Turning to Bobby she said, "Is 
this what you wanted to see?"

Bobby didn't even answer her.  Instead he just stared with a look 
that was a combination of amazement, admiration, and pure lust.  
Linda sat back down on the couch right next to Bobby, reached over 
and grabbed his hands and placed them on her breasts and said, "I 
think you will find that they feel even better than they look."

Instinctively Bobby softly rolled Linda's warm tits in his hands 
occasionally softly tweaking her nipples.  He quickly noticed that he 
could judge by her facial reactions if he was doing it right. She leaned 
her head back, closed her eyes, and began to moan softly.  Bobby's 
eyes moved up and down her body enjoying all he saw.  His eyes 
stopped on her light brown bush.  He noticed that her engorged pink 
lips protruded from her lovely pussy.  For the first time in his life he 
smelled the scent of an aroused woman.  Her pussy juices gave forth 
a scent that made his dick even harder.  He knew what he wanted to 
do to this woman worse than anything he wanted to do in his life.

Linda finally opened her eyes again.  She was now breathing quite 
heavily.  She reached over and took off Bobby's glasses and then 
quickly pulled his shirt off over his head.  Then she said in a now 
husky voice, "Kiss me."

But this was no ordinary kiss.  She embraced him tightly wrapping 
her legs behind him.  He could feel her tongue probe deeply in his 
mouth and feel her boobs press tightly against her chest.  She rubbed 
her moist pussy on his navel and belt buckle. Finally she let go and 
said, "Okay lets see the rest.  Take off the rest Bobby."

As Bobby stood up to comply, Linda's senses returned to her 
momentarily and she said,  "Bobby, I'm going to let you make love to 
me now, but you need to understand something.  First, you must 
never tell anyone about what happened here.  If either of our 
families found out it would be disastrous.  The other thing is that 
even though we are making love this is not really about love.  Do you 
understand?"

"Yes, Mrs. Stevens," Bobby quickly answered.

"One more thing," she said with a mishevious smile.  "Since you are 
about to fuck me, I would prefer that you didn't call me 'Mrs. 
Stevens'.  Call me Linda."  Then she said to the astonished teen, "If 
don't like that, call me slut, whore, bitch, or cunt ... I kind of like to 
be talked dirty to when I'm being balled.  You do want to fuck me 
don't you Bobby?"

"Yes I do Linda," Bobby said as he unzipped pants and stepped out of 
them.  He then lowered his briefs with just a trace of embarrassment.  
Linda's gaze was fixed on what she now hungered for.  This kid isn't 
all that big she thought, but right now his six inch tool will do the job 
fine.  Linda stood up, kissed Bobby, and then laid down on her back 
on the carpeted floor.  She  brought her knees up slightly off the 
floor and spread her legs so that Bobby was now looking right down 
her vaginal canal in the center of her sopping wet pussy.  Linda was 
now really turned on.  She looked up at Bobby who was still standing 
with his prick in his hand looking dazed and she almost begged him, 
"Come on, Bobby.  Get down here.  Damn! I'm hot.  I need to be 
fucked.  Don't be afraid,  just put it in and the rest comes natural.  
You'll see."

Bobby got down on his hands and knees and crawled over Linda so 
that his hands were located just over each of Linda's shoulders and 
made a try at finding the right location to penetrate.  Linda, almost 
losing her patience, reached with her right hand and guided Bobby's 
inexperienced tool so that his swollen dick head was at the mouth of her cunt hole.  Then gripping his butt with her other hand, she 
slowly plunged his dick into her.  As she was doing this she had her 
eyes wide open so she could gaze into Bobby's green eyes to see his 
reaction.  Bobby gazed back into Linda's eyes as he made his first 
plunge and a smile of infinite satisfaction crossed his face.

Just as Linda had predicted, Bobby instantly knew what to do.  
Nature took control of his senses and he began to fuck Linda with 
short in and out plunges.  Linda to had lost all touch with her 
surroundings.  Only naked animal passion was now present in her 
mind.  She only knew that she needed to be taken by this boy-man 
who now had control of her body.  Bobby was screwing Linda in 
earnest and enjoying it completely.  As Bobby neared his climax, he 
began to fuck Linda with increasing speed and force.  Linda was just 
building up to her first orgasm, when Bobby gave a loud groan and 
dumped his teenage load of jism deep inside her.  Unfortunately 
for Linda she wasn't quite there yet and she could feel Bobby go limp 
inside her.  She didn't want to stop yet, her body screamed for more.

Thinking quickly, while a content teenager laid on top of her, she 
said, "Bobby, I want to teach you something else.  Its called oral sex.  
I'm going to teach you to eat pussy like a pro."

"What do I do?" he asked while gasping for breath.

"Just crawl back a little and I'll show you.  Spread my pussy lips 
gently with your fingers.  That's good.  Now, what I want you to do is 
to move your tongue up and down my slit.  Occasionally you push 
your tongue up inside me as far as you can.  When I really start to 
moan and thrash, you work you way up to the top of my slit.  You 
see that little bud there.  Its called a clitoris, you want to be gentle 
but you also want to make sure it gets a lot of attention.  Be sure to 
use very rapid short motions with your tongue."

"But, what about my sperm that I put in you?" Bobby asked.

"Don't worry, it tastes pretty good.  In fact I plan on sucking your 
dick as soon as you make me come, so I guess I will find out.  Go 
ahead give it a try, I will tell you if you aren't eating me out 
properly."  As Bobby started with his tongue, Linda quickly 
recovered her former position.  Thanks to Linda's explicit directions 
Bobby had Linda gasping and moaning in seconds.  She kept saying 
"Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!" with an occasional "Yes, eat my pussy 
Bobby!"  Her juices were flowing everywhere and she was bucking 
her hips wildly into Bobby's face.  Finally she let out a low pitched 
scream, arched her back, and rolled back her eyes, and shuddered 
for a good twenty seconds as a wave of three orgasms in rapid 
succession wracked her body.  Then she reached down and pulled 
Bobby face to her own and gave him a deep passionate kiss ignoring 
the fact that his face was completely covered with her pussy juices.

"That was wonderful!" she said.  "Now its my turn to reward you for 
a job well done."  Bobby's sagging member had already begun to 
recover.  Probably the anticipation of knowing what was coming 
along with the thrill of having such a fine looking woman fuck your 
face in a frenzy had something to do with it.

So Linda began to use her finest blow job techniques on this eager 
boy.  She had him stand up and she got on her knees putting her 
head at just the right level.  Linda found that since Bobby was 
slightly smaller than her husband Bill, she didn't tend to gag as he 
went deep, although Bobby did hit the back of her throat painfully a 
couple of times.  She stopped momentarily to say "Talk to me, Bobby.  
Tell me what you want me to do to you." She then commenced to 
suck his dick like she really loved it.

Bobby attempting to comply said, "Suck me!  Suck my dick, Mrs. 
Stevens."

Linda quickly spit out his prick again and said, "No, Bobby.  
Remember what I said.  Don't call me, Mrs. Stevens.  Oh, never mind 
I'm just being silly."  As she was on her knees looking up at Bobby 
with his now swollen dick inches from her face.  She noticed that she 
had been rubbing her freshly moist cunt with her hand.  "You know 
what, Bobby, if you don't mind I would like you to fuck me again and 
came inside me rather then in my mouth.  I'm afraid that if I 
suck you dry you won't have enough to do me again.  And I would 
really like to have you in me one more time.  would that be okay?"

"Sure, Mrs...I mean Linda."

"Good now walk over here behind me.  I want it doggy style."  Linda 
leaned over on her elbows, pushed her tits against the floor and 
stuck her ass in the air.  Her thighs were slightly apart giving a good 
view of her now swollen cunt.  A few drops of cunt juice had already 
dripped down the side of her thighs in anticipation of what she knew 
would be her final fuck of the day.  "Now, I think you can figure out 
what to do without any help from me.  But, I do want you to reach 
around with one hand and gently massage my clit as your fucking 
me from behind.  Also, you know what else?  Remember what I said earlier about talking dirty? I want to make this a little kinkier, so 
don't even call me Linda, just talk dirty and try to really dominate 
me.  So do me."

Bobby positioned himself and sure enough he didn't have any 
problem figuring out what to do.  He positioned his  dick, now harder 
than ever, right at the right place.  He could feel her pussy quivering 
in anticipation of penetration.  He wrapped his right arm around her 
waist and placed the fingers of his left hand on her bush just above 
her clit.  She immediately began to squirm trying to force her cunt 
back onto his stiff dick which was already in contact at the entryway.  
He leaned forward and on top of Linda's firm butt and said a little 
timidly, "Not so fast, slut.  I'll fuck you when I'm ready.  Maybe if 
you beg I, might start."  Bobby couldn't believe he was saying this.  I 
hope this is what she wants he thought.

Oh god, Linda thought, this kid learns fast!  That was good.  What a 
turn-on.  "Oh Bobby, fuck me Bobby, please I need to come."

"Okay bitch, I'll fuck you from behind like a dog and rub your clit, 
but only if you continue to beg for it."  Bobby plunged into Linda's 
cunt and began to rub her clit as he started out with slow but deep 
plunges.  

Linda softly moaned, "Oh yes, fuck me, fuck me good,..."  She was 
really getting off this time from the combination of getting good deep 
penetration, clit rubbing, her tits rubbed vigorously against the 
carpet, and of course the excitement of a fantasy domination by 
a young man.  She was really hot.  At this point the begging wasn't 
much of an act.

"You had better beg louder whore, unless you want me to stop."  
Bobby said more confidently with a growl.  He also was  having the 
time of his life.  Poor meek and mild Bobby, whom everyone bossed 
around was getting to play the ultimate ego trip.  Not only was he 
enthusiastically fucking a beautiful woman; a woman who was his 
mother's best friend and his mother's age; but she was literally 
begging him to and obeying his commands.  Just to emphasize his 
power over Linda, Bobby stopped thrusting momentarily.

Linda was close to an orgasm when Bobby stopped.  So she 
immediately became alarmed and raised her voice considerably, "NO! 
Bobby please don't stop!  Keep going Bobby!  Fuck me hard with your 
wonderful dick."  Her tone was almost desperate and was definitely 
pleading.

Moments before and unknown to either Bobby or Linda, Bobby's 
mother, Barbara Martin had wandered across the street looking for 
her missing son.  She was standing at the door ready to ring the 
doorbell when she heard, Bobby's command to Linda to beg louder. 
 Not knowing what was happening, but alarmed by what she had just 
heard she softly opened the door and peeked in.  What she then saw 
stunned her into silence.  In front of her with his back to door was 
her youngest son, fucking the daylights out of her best friend from 
behind.  Not knowing what else to do Barbara stepped in and quietly 
closed the door.

Bobby, unaware that his mother had a front row seat to his 
performance, started to thrust deep into Linda's cunt again once he 
was satisfied that Linda had begged sincerely enough.  She was now 
practically shouting, "YES! YES! Keep fucking me! Oh god I'm almost 
there,  oh, oh, uuuuuh!  Fuck me Bobby! Oh yes please please please 
fuck me hard."  Bobby could feel himself coming and made a 
conscious effort not to come yet.  He wanted this to last.

Instead he gave another harsh command, "Tell me what you are 
Linda, tell me what you want from me. Tell me or I'll stop."  Linda 
again became alarmed.  She was just on the edge again.  She needed 
to come and she didn't want anything to stop her.

"No! Bobby, Please don't stop! Oh god please don't stop!  I'm a slut, 
I'm a whore! I need to be fucked.  Fuck me like a dog.  I'm a bitch in 
heat.  I want you to fuck me.  Fuck me hard.  Shoot your cum up my 
pussy.  Oh god, don't stop, I'm almost there.  I'll suck your dick again 
if you don't stop.  Please keep fucking me Bobby."

Finally with Barbara watching things finally reached an ending. 
Linda felt the shudder of another series of orgasms. While Bobby 
continues to thrust rapidly and very forcefully she screamed at each 
climax.  She cried out with an ear piercing scream on each one. 
 While the astonished neighbor watched, she cried out, "Oh here it 
comes! OH GOD, YES! YES! FUCK ME!  AAAAAAAH! Oh god again, keep 
fucking me Bobby, yes, oh fuck, fuck, FUCK! AAAAAH! Oh, Oh Oh, 
fuck my slut cunt, yes, AAAAAAAAH!"  Finally she started to 
shudder through her final peak as Bobby still pumped away for his 
mother to watch in amazement.

But Bobby couldn't hold out any longer.  As Linda faithfully held her 
doggie position, Bobby began to pound out his last few remaining 
strokes.  He shifted his hands to grab her shoulders and leaned into 
her ass, forcing her face and tits even more into the carpet.  If not for 
the fact that she was in bliss from her sexual high she would have 
been in pain, because Bobby was pounding her ass so hard that her 
face and tits were sliding forward with each blow.  As he felt the 
semen rising through his system he gave two more extremely rough 
plunges and shouted "Take my cum up into cunt you slut, whore, 
bitch!"  He then grabbed her thighs and gave his deepest possible 
penetration and held it for almost thirty seconds while he caught his 
breath.  Then he collapsed forward knocking Linda down on her 
stomach and laid across her back while he attempted to catch his 
breath.

Linda was the first to speak.  "That was great!" she said.

"It certainly was impressive." said Barbara, speaking for the first 
time.

A stunned Linda and Bobby looked around quickly to see who had 
said that.

When Barbara Martin had crossed the street to see her friend and 
neighbor, Linda Stevens, in search of her missing son, she never 
dreamed of the scene that she would stumble across.  She watched 
silently in shocked amazement for nearly five minutes as her 18 
year old son Bobby screwed her 39 year old friend from behind in 
the middle her living room floor.  Not only that, but Bobby was 
treating Linda as if she was some kind of sex slave.  Still even more 
amazing, Linda was gasping and pleading for more and definitely 
seemed to be getting a lot of satisfaction from this treatment.

Barbara Martin was one of those women whom you would guess 
from her appearance was straight-laced society type.  She 
stood about 5 foot 8 inches tall with bright red hair and green eyes.  
Her husband Jeff was Vice President of Marketing of a small but 
successful company.  Although they were not rich they certainly had 
money, and she always dressed the part.  She wore her hair in the 
typical short "junior-league" style so favored by women of her class.  
She was dressed in an expensive navy-blue skirt with a matching 
sports coat and a white silk blouse that fit to perfection.  A pearl 
necklace and earrings along with a pair of matching Italian high-heel 
shoes topped it off to give her the appearance of a fashion model in 
an advertisement for Maceys.  Unlike her friend Linda, Barbara had 
near perfect body, the product of long hours at the exclusive health 
club that was her only occupation.  Like Linda, she had begun to 
show a trace of wrinkles around her eyes, but otherwise no one 
would have guessed that she was also 39 years old.  Her breasts 
were a bit larger then Linda's, but they were still firm and round.

Barbara's first reaction was disbelief and anger.  She wanted to speak 
up and immediately put a halt to this show, but somehow she could 
not bring herself to do it.  She still thought of her son as a child, but 
as she watched her son's buttocks pump in and out of her noisy 
neighbor, she realized that her son was no longer a child.  He was 
now a man.  From her rear-view vantage point, she could see his 
testicles bang against Linda's pussy as he violently thrust his cock in 
and out of her dripping hole.  As alarming and unsettling as this 
scene was to her, it held a strange fascination.  She had never in her 
life seen first hand another couple make love before.  It was an 
erotic view that simply must be watched in awe.  Her anger slowly 
faded being replaced by a slight sense of pride in her son's new 
found manhood.

Then her focus of attention shifted from her son to Linda.  Barbara 
had known Linda for almost five years and they had grown quite 
close.  They went shopping together and often met at various 
restaurants for an enjoyable afternoon luncheon and chat.  They had 
few secrets from each other.  Barbara, like Linda, had married young.  
She had married her high school sweetheart Jeff and in spite of a 
good sex life with her man, she knew that she was also attracted to 
women.  It was only fear of exposure that kept her from acting out 
those fantasies.  The fear of public ridicule and scorn forced her to 
keep these feelings locked up inside of herself.  No one, not even her 
husband, was aware of her secret desires.  Barbara had had these 
feelings toward Linda for a long time now.  She often fantasized 
when her husband was eating her pussy that it was instead Linda.  
Standing there watching Linda scream and moan and thrash about it 
was almost too much to take.  She suddenly realized that this was 
seriously turning her on.  She was definitely getting that itching 
feeling between her legs and she could almost feel her body 
temperature rise.  Her eyes took in the entirety of Linda's body.  She 
studied the breasts being pushed flat against the floor as her son 
thrust his rod deep into her cunt-hole with brute force.  She longed 
to reach out and caress her shoulder length hair and feel the curve of 
her graceful buttocks.  She stared for the first time in her life at 
another woman's aroused cunt.  Her heart started to beat rapidly as 
Linda pleaded to Bobby to fuck her harder.  Barbara could feel her 
panties begin to absorb the dampness between her legs.  God! I can't 
stand much more of this she thought.  Come on Bobby, she thought, 
bring her off.  You can do it son.

Finally Linda cried out, "Oh here it comes! OH GOD, YES! YES! FUCK 
ME!  AAAAAAAH! Oh god again, keep fucking me Bobby, yes, oh 
fuck, fuck, FUCK! AAAAAH! Oh, Oh Oh, fuck my slut cunt, yes, 
AAAAAAAAH!"  Bobby thrust a frantically a few more dozen times 
and cried out, "Take my cum up into cunt you slut, whore, 
bitch!"  He then grabbed her thighs and gave his deepest possible 
penetration and held it for almost thirty seconds while he caught his 
breath.  Then he collapsed forward knocking Linda down on her 
stomach and laid across her back while he attempted to catch his 
breath.

Linda was the first to speak.  "That was great!" she said.

"It certainly was impressive." said Barbara, speaking for the first 
time.

A stunned Linda and Bobby looked around quickly to see who had 
said that.

"MOM!" shouted Bobby and he quickly stood up and covered his 
groin with his hands.

Linda took a split second longer after Bobby got off of her back she 
spun around still on her knees and elbows and cried out, "OH GOD! No 
Barb No!"  Tears of shame and humiliation quickly sprang into her 
eyes.

Barbara was domineering woman and had always ordered poor timid 
son around.  Whenever Bobby was told to do something by his 
mother he did it unquestionably and immediately.  The thought of 
defying her never crossed his mind.  So it came as no surprise when 
she said to Bobby,  "Get your clothes on right now young man.  We 
*will* talk about this later.  And, go out the back door I don't want 
anyone to see you in this condition.  Do you understand me?"

"Yes mam," the red-faced boy promptly answered as he quickly 
grabbed his clothes.  Nothing was said while the teen stood up and 
awkwardly dressed while his mother stared with a level gaze at her 
son.  His penis was still semi-erect and it glistened with a mixture of 
his cum and Linda's juices.  He silently slid his briefs over his 
manhood and stepped into his jeans.  As he turned to leave the room, 
Linda still laying on the floor began to sob softly and tears ran down 
her face.  As Bobby walked through the kitchen, he thought to 
himself, boy am I in trouble.  He opened the kitchen door and was 
about to step outside, when, with new found courage he decided he 
better listen what Mrs. Stevens and Mom were saying.  So he closed 
the door and crept back to the entrance to the dining area which 
adjoined the living room.  Through some half closed blinds in the 
window for serving from the kitchen he could see both women.

Hearing the kitchen door shut and assuming that Bobby had left the 
house, Linda said, "Oh god Barb, I'm so sorry!  I don't know what 
came over me.  I'm so ashamed."  Barbara continued to stare at the 
naked form of her friend on the floor but said nothing.  She noticed 
her sons cum running down Linda's thigh and felt another surge of 
lust between her legs.  Linda pleaded, "Please Barb, don't tell Bill!  
He would never understand.  This could ruin me.  Please don't tell 
anyone."

Finally Linda gave a little chuckle and said, "Damn!  Linda I can't 
believe you would do that to anybody, much less to my son.  You 
must have really liked that the way you were carrying on.  Okay 
Linda for sake of our friendship, I won't tell Bob or anyone else, but 
only on one condition."  Barbara knew what she wanted to say next 
but she wasn't sure she would have the courage to say it.  She was 
still a little afraid of revealing her feelings to her friend.

While Barbara was trying to get up the courage to say what she 
wanted,  Linda said "Oh god thank you!  What do you want me to do?  
I'll make this up to you.  I promise."

Taking a deep breathe, Barbara said, "I want you to do me also."

"What do you mean, Barb?  Surely not...No! I can't do that!  Please 
don't ask me to do that."  

Bobby was stunned at what he was seeing and hearing from the 
kitchen.  Glancing at the kitchen cabinet next to him he noticed the 
Steven's video camera.  Swiftly it occured to him that he had to catch 
this on video.  Picking up the camera, he gently inserted the lens 
through the blinds and while looking through the viewfinder he 
pressed record.

Barbara having gone this far wasn't about to quit now.  She took off 
her sports coat and said,  "Yes, you will do this dear, or I will tell 
hubby what you have been up to.  So unless you want to explain to 
everyone why you screwed my boy, you will do exactly as I tell you."  
As she started unbuttoning her blouse, Linda stared in amazement 
and said softly,  "What do you want me to do Barb?"

"I think you already know the answer to that question Linda," she 
said as she undid her bra.  Linda was now staring at a beautiful set 
of tits on the gorgeous red-head.  It was obvious from her nipples 
that she was already fully aroused.  Barb sat down momentarily to 
slowly remove her panty hose.  In spite of her reservations, Linda 
felt herself become turned-on by the sight before her.  Barb 
unzipped her skirt and dropped it to the floor.  Linda was now 
kneeling with her face inches away from Barbs panties which were 
now drenched.  She lowered her panties slowly so that Linda could 
get a close up view of her swollen lips.  Barb reached down and 
pulled Linda to a standing position and embraced her.  The two 
women began a long probing kiss.  With their nipples rubbing against 
each others, each women instinctively inserted a thigh between the 
others leg and began to massage each others twats with the top of 
their thigh.  Linda's hand slid down Barb's back across her butt and 
slowly traveled to the front to probe her womanhood.  Barb's right 
hand made a similar motion and her left hand entangled itself in 
Linda's shoulder length hair.  As each woman began to kiss the other 
about the neck and shoulders they rubbed their sensitive tits 
together.  Linda after probing gently quickly thrust two fingers up 
into Barbara, who gasped and began to moan.

Grasping her hair firmly, Barb pulled Linda's head down until she 
was kissing her breasts.  She pulled her even lower until Linda 
dropped to her knees.  She began to kiss, Barb's wet pussy.  Barb was 
now really hot.  After a few moments of this, she looked down at 
Linda, and said, "Lay down."

"What are you going to do?" asked Linda who was now breathing 
rapidly and deeply.  She could not believe how turned on she was 
from smelling and rubbing her face in her friend's womanhood.  Any 
remaining reluctance had vanished, she knew she was on a one-way 
trip to the big "O" and would do anything to get there.  With her left 
hand she was now rubbing her sopping pussy.  Cunt juices literally 
flowed out of her hole.

"I'm going to fuck your face with my cunt while I eat your pussy 
bitch.  Now shut-up and do as your told,"  Barb said with a 
mischievous smile.  Linda too smiled realizing that Barb was now 
playing her game.  The same one that she and Barb's son had enjoyed 
so much.  She quickly complied and Barb slowly sat on her face.  She 
said, "Now eat it, bitch!" and leaned over and begun to lick her 
friends slit.

Bobby couldn't believe his eyes.  His mom and Mrs. Stevens were 
fucking each others faces in a frenzy.  Both women were now 
slurping, and moaning and gasping.  They began to roll around the 
floor in their 69 position and they alternated orgasms as if it were 
planned.  First one would shout, "YES! YES! FUCK ME!  Oh Oh 
OUUUUUH!" and then the other would say "Eat me!  Eat me Bitch!  Eat 
my pussy you whore!  Oh YES! YEEEEEEES!"  Bobby was again hard as 
a rock from watching his neighbor and mom fuck each other.  He 
couldn't believe how sexy his mom was.  Boy, did she have a great 
body and of course he already knew what a good lay Linda was.  
Bobby couldn't believe how bad he wanted to fuck these women.  
Damn! He thought, I'm thinking about fucking my own mother.  He 
was glad he was getting all of this on tape.

Finally, with a final flurry of thrashing each of their cunts in the 
other's face both women hit their final climax.  After laying in that 
position for about a minute both women got up and started to get 
dressed.  "Boy, that was great!" said Linda.  I never knew that 
making love to a woman could be so good.  

"I know, said Barb, "I loved the way you tasted.  Bobby sure left a lot 
of cum in you." she chuckled, "But I swallowed it all I think."

Linda smiled mischievously,  "Maybe you should try to taste it from 
the source like I tried to do."

"Maybe I will." She teased back.  "You know I have to admit, when 
you were on the floor getting reamed by Bobby, I was wishing it was 
me.  Can you believe that Linda?  I wanted my own son to fuck me.  
I guess that would be a very bad idea."

"Ya I think so Barb.  It was a bad idea for me too.  But I sure needed 
a good fucking and your boy really did me good."

"So, I noticed.  Why do think I was so hot after watching the two of 
you.  I still can't believe you did that Linda."

"Hey, Barb don't get totally self righteous with me.  Have you 
forgotten your afternoon session with your tennis instructor last 
year?  That kid couldn't have been more than 24.  As I recall, the 
two of you were definitely doing more than playing tennis.  At least 
that's what you told me."

Bobby was now completely stunned at the conversation he was 
overhearing.  His own mother was getting banged by some young 
stud!  This is amazing he thought to himself.  He just couldn't picture 
his own mother in the arms of her young instructor getting his dick 
between her legs.  But then after what he had just seen with his own 
eyes nothing would surprise him again.  As he continued to watch 
and listen he noticed his mother had paused and was a little red-
faced.  Finally she continued.

"Okay. Okay.  You've made your point.  Why don't we both forget 
about what happened here with Bobby.  And with my affair with 
Tony also.  We have both made the same mistake I guess."

"So am I released from my obligation to you now that I fulfilled your 
request?" smiled Linda.

"No, I think we will need to do this again a few more times first," 
laughed Barbara.  "I guess I do need to have a talk with Bobby 
though.  He needs to forget that your...uuuh...training session ever 
happened."

"Gosh, I really am sorry that happened Barb.  It won't happen again."

Want to bet? thought Bobby as he turned off the video camera and 
popped out the tape.  He then crept through the kitchen and quietly 
slipped out the door.  Bobby was already planning for tomorrow's 
events in his mind.  But will I have the guts to do that? he asked 
himself.  We'll see.

As Bobby hurried back across the street with his video cassette 
clutched tightly under his arm, the scene he had just witnessed 
flashed again in his mind.  Who would have thought such things were 
possible, he thought.  Bobby had not yet formed a plan.  It had all 
happened too fast.  He went into his house and quickly ran up stairs 
into his room.  He grabbed some books out of his bookcase and 
placed the video tape in back of the case and then replaced the books 
hiding the tape.  Then he laid down on his bed and stared at the 
ceiling.  His mind was racing.   He could not help but relive the past 
couple of hours repeatedly.

After about ten minutes he heard his mother open the front door and 
the stairs creaked slightly as she tip-toed up the stairs.  There was 
another minutes pause before she opened the door.  Bobby winced as 
the door opened; he knew from long experience what was about to 
occur.  Barbara Martin had never treated her son very well.  In fact 
she ruthlessly dominated him, always finding fault in every thing he 
did.  It seemed to him that there was no pleasing his mother.  He sat 
up on his bed and prepared himself for the worse.

    "Well Bobby, you have really done it this time, haven't you?  What 
are you some kind of animal to behave like that?  Do you know what 
kind of damage this could do to Linda is this got out?"

You should talk, Bobby thought to himself as he glared at his mother.
Barbara, seeing the defiance in her son's eyes, took two steps 
forward and slapped him with her open hand across the cheek.  The 
blow was so strong that it knocked him off the bed onto the floor.  
Tears flowed from Bobby's eyes from the anger and humiliation of 
this treatment.

    "You little bastard!  I have given you everything and this is how 
you thank me.  Is this how I've taught you behave?  You're lucky 
that you are too old to spank you with a belt like I used to.  You 
certainly should have your ass whipped for what you did.  Now, this 
is what is going to happen.  Your little episode with Linda is to be 
forgotten just like it never happened.  It is *never* to be mentioned 
again and that goes double for mentioning it to Mr. Stevens or your 
dad.  Do you understand me young man?"

   "Yes mam," said Bobby meekly.

   "And one more thing.  Your driving privileges are suspended 
indefinitely," Barbara said as she turned to storm out of the room 
slamming the door behind her.

You hypocritical bitch!  Bobby thought to himself.  Someday you are 
going to pay for this.  As his eyes fell on his bookshelf, a plan 
suddenly formed in his mind.  As a slight smile came to his glum face 
as he thought...and it may be sooner than she thinks.

That night Bobby's father Jeff noticed the friction between Bobby 
and his mother but had learned long ago not to interfere in such 
matters.  He too was subject to his wife's domineering commanding 
ways and he wasn't about to experience her wrath by taking sides in 
some pointless dispute that he was bound to lose.  He noticed that 
Bobby ate his dinner silently and never once exchanged words with 
his mother.  I wonder what happened? he thought to himself.

After they all went to bed, Bobby again lay awake staring at the 
ceiling.  Suddenly he heard a distant but familiar thumping sound.  
Bobby quickly reached under his bed and got a drinking glass.  He 
placed the open end firmly against the wall adjoining his parent's 
bed room and his own and listened intently.  Damn, he thought, dad's 
giving it to mom again.  No wonder he puts up with her shit.  You 
would think with what happened today she would have had enough.

    "Oh honey it feels good!"  He could hear her say.  "Yes fuck me 
harder.  Oh God!  Yes!  Fuck me, Jeff!  Yes, Yes Yessssss....Uhh, uhhh, 
eeeh, Oh, yes fuck me!  uuuuhhhhh..."

Then there was silence for a while.

    "Barb, what are you doing?"

    "I'm sucking you to make you hard again.  I want some more."

    "What is the matter with you tonight?  God you are such a horny 
devil tonight.  Not that I'm complaining or anything like that.  It's 
just out of character for you."

    "Oh, I guess that romance novel I was reading just got me really 
turned on.  You know what, I want to do something really kinky.  I'm 
going to lay down on the floor and I want you to do me doggy style.   
And talk dirty to me while your'e doing it to me, babe."

    "Ha...whatever you want dear."

Bobby listened carefully to the remaining session.  He could visualize 
his mother's lovely body all too well, and he had a raging hardon.  He 
wanted to jack off badly but he wanted save himself for what he 
knew was coming tomorrow.

The next morning Bobby waited until his dad had left for work and 
his mom had gone for her morning work-out at the health club..  
Getting the video tape from his bookshelf he went down stairs to the 
family room.  He spent some time hooking together the two VCR 
players.  Then he found a blank tape and made a copy of the original.  
Finally he went out to the garage and carefully hid the original tape 
in the rafters using a step ladder.  He put everything away and 
waited.

While he waited Bobby built up his courage for the impending 
confrontation with his mother.  Eighteen years of abuse was 
surfacing as naked anger.

He heard his mother opening the front door.

   "Bobby, where are you?"

   "I'm in here mom"  He noticed she was wearing a tight t-shirt, an 
athletic bra, a pair of jogging shoes, and a baggy pair of sweat pants 
as she entered the room.

   "Bobby, what are you doing just sitting in here?  Did you clean-up 
your room and do the dishes like you are supposed to?"

   "Just a minute, mom.  I have something I need to show you."

   "Okay dear, but this better be quick because you have chores to 
do."

Barbara sat down on the coach as Bobby got up and turned on the 
VCR.  Barbara let out a stunned gasp as she realized what she was 
seeing.  She sat immobile in shocked disbelief throughout the entire 
video.

   "You Bastard!"  she said.  "How dare you intrude in private affairs 
of adults.  Who the hell do think you are?"

   "This is a copy mom.  I'm going to give the original to dad."

The look of anger was quickly replaced by a look of real fear.  Bobby 
had never seen his mother like this and he got inner satisfaction 
from it.

   "Bobby!  You can't do that!   You don't understand.  It will destroy 
our family.  Your father would never understand.  He would leave 
me for sure.  I would lose everything.  Please!  Don't do this Bobby, 
Please!  Honey, I beg you."

   "Alright mom.  But under one condition.  No more bossing me 
around.  From now own whenever we are alone, I'm the boss, got it?"

   "Oh thank you son.  I knew you wouldn't do that to your mother."

   "I'm glad you understand mom.  But I don't think you understand 
completely.  Let me make it clear to you.  You know when you 
slapped me yesterday.  You said I should have been spanked with a 
belt for acting like an animal.  Well it seems to me that's what you 
were doing.  Some come lay across my lap and get your spanking."

   "Bobby!!! You can't mean that.  I won't do that," Barbara said in 
shocked disbelief.

   "It's either that or I give the tape to dad."

She sat silently staring into her son's eyes looking for some sign of 
weakness.  Instead she saw determination and coldness.  This went 
on for about 30 seconds before she timidly replied.

   "Okay.  But please don't hurt me," she whimpered.

Bobby pulled off his belt and sat on the edge of the couch.  His 
mother laid across his lap trembling in fear.  He reached down and 
pulled off her shoes.  Then gripping the back of her short red hair 
with his left hand, he placed his right hand on the waist band and 
pulled her sweat pants and underwear down to her ankles in one 
swift movement.  Barbara screamed and tried to get up but her son 
held her firmly on his lap.  He picked up the belt and brought down 
savagely on her bare backside.

   "Lay still and take your spanking or the deal is off."  he said.  
Barbara whimpered but complied.  He hit her ten times, just like she 
used to do to him.  With each whack she jumped and kicked her feet.   
Eventually she had kicked off her pants leaving her completely bare 
from waist down.  Bobby could feel the hardness growing between 
his legs in anticipation.  Tears streamed out of her eyes, and it was 
starting to occur to her where this was leading.  She was doubly 
ashamed because she was starting to feel turned on by this 
humiliation.

Bobby let go of her hair with his left hand and pulled her t-shirt 
quickly over her head before she could stop him.  Then with 
surprising agility he unfastened he bra and it fell to the floor just as 
he delivered his last few blows.  Bobby admired the naked form of 
his mother as she lay struggling across his lap.  Her tits bounced with 
each hit in a suprisingly erotic way.  Finally, he pushed her off his 
lap onto her knees and stood up.

   "Now mom, do we agree that I'm the boss?  It's your choice.  You 
don't have to do anything.  We can stop now and I will give dad the 
tape if you want."

   "NO!  You're the boss."

   "Okay then.  Unzip my fly and take it out."

   "What!!!  No Bobby please don't make me do that.   I can't do that, 
please."  Tears streamed down her face as she desperately pleaded 
with her son.

   "I told you its your choice, mom."

Seeing that her son was determined.  She reached over with 
trembling hands and unzipped his pants.  Then without further 
prompting she unfasten them and let them fall to his ankles.  He 
stepped out of his pants and pulled off his t-shirt simultaneously.  
She was now seeing at face level his erection that was clearly trying 
to escape his briefs.  Still trembling she lowered his underwear.  She 
was shocked by how aroused she was by the sight of her own son's 
stiff member.  A barely audible gasp escaped her involuntarily.  
Almost without hesitation she leaned forward to engulf his manhood 
with her warm mouth.

Bobby looked down at his mom's beautiful naked body and marveled 
at the sight of his mother with his dick in her mouth.  She sucked it 
like a pro and watched in amazement as his mother's perfect 
features framed by her lovely short red hair slid up and down his 
shaft.  Her lovely green eyes still brimming with tears looked up to 
her commanding son as saliva an pre-cum leaked around the edges 
of her beautiful lips.  It didn't take long before he could feel his 
eruption rising.  With a final savage thrust all the way to the back of 
his mother's throat, he grabbed her head and held it.  He shot a load 
of hot jism straight down her throat.  She swallowed the first spurt 
but then pushed away just as the second came causing it to strike 
her on her forehead, nose and mouth.

Bobby pulled back to look at his trembling mother with his cum all 
over her face and laughed.

   "Good blow job mom.  Now let's see if you fuck as good as you suck 
dick or lick cunt.  You do want to me to fuck you don't you mom?"

   She hesitated, and answered reluctantly, "Yes."

   "Well tell me then.  Just like you told dad last night.  Say please fuck me."

   "Please fuck me, Bobby."

Bobby smiled and said, "Stand up and kiss me mom."  She complied 
without hesitation this time.  As they tightly embraced, Bobby slid 
his hand from the back of her neck down her back and gripped her 
butt pulling her groin against his thigh.  She gasped for a second as 
her son grasped her tender buttocks, but quickly returned to kissing 
her son.  Bobby was surprised at how passionately she was kissing 
him.  Her tongue expertly probed into his mouth.  He could feel her 
juices as she rubbed her red-haired twat against his leg.  He could 
feel her warm nipples on her lovely breasts harden as she rubbed 
them vigorously against his bare chest.  Her breathing had become 
deep and rapid and Bobby was once again confronted by a woman 
fully aroused.  Barbara knew what she wanted now and wasn't about 
to stop until she got it.  She looked into her son's eyes that matched 
her own lovely pair.  Her's, however, had a unmatched gleam as she 
realized suddenly that she and not her son was now in control of the 
situation.  It was undoubtedly the combination, of her experience as 
a lover and her bewitching body, but whatever it was she intuitively 
sensed that her son would now do whatever she asked.  She glanced 
down at his now painfully engorged male organ and looked back at 
him with a half-smile said in a demanding voice:

   "Bobby, put me against the wall and fuck me."

   "Yes, mam." he replied out of habit.

Bobby and his mother took a few steps to the nearest wall.  She 
reached down and grabbed his dick and placed it and placed its head 
on her swollen pussy lips.  She rubbed it quickly against her dripping 
wet slit.  Then she smiled as she watched her son's puzzled face and 
said, "Do it!"

Bobby thrust and slid all the way in to his full length easily.  His 
mother's eyes went wide and she gasped as if surprised.  Seeing his 
mother's reaction he felt encouraged.  He reached down and grabbed 
his mother's thighs and lifted her feet off the floor.  Her legs 
immediately spread invitingly and she crossed her legs and hooked 
her ankles together behind him.  Her arms went over his shoulders 
and gripped his back firmly, tightly pressing her boobs against his 
chest.

Bobby was now thrusting all the way into his mother with long slow 
strokes.  He would pull back nearly out and then slide slowly back in 
enjoying the feel of mother's tight vaginal walls.

Unknown to our two occupied lovers, Linda Stevens crossed the 
street to have her morning coffee with Barbara.  She lightly knocked 
on the front door and walked on in just as she always did on 
weekday mornings.  She was just about to shout to Barbara that she 
was here when she heard familiar sounds coming from the family 
room.  Silently she crept and peered into the room and arrived just 
in time to see Bobby make his first thrust.  Bobby immediately began 
to fuck his mother with his back to Linda.  Linda saw the clothes on 
the floor by the coach and she saw Barbara's cum splattered face.  It 
wasn't hard for her to figure out what she had just missed.  Turn-
about is only fair play she thought and smiling she stepped fully into 
the room.  Even though Barbara was in deep ecstasy from the wall-
banging she was receiving, she still noticed her friends presence but 
wasn't about to stop the action.  She couldn't even stop herself from 
gasping and moaning as son was now pumping her rapidly.  So 
instead she just smiled back at her eagerly watching neighbor and 
made a kissing motion with her lips.  She kept saying, "Oh god baby, 
yes!  Fuck your mother.  Fuck momma."

Then a strange thing happened Linda started unbuttoning her blouse 
and she stepped out of her jeans.  This was followed in rapid 
succession by her removing her bra and panties.  Linda was now 
standing completely naked in full view of her nearly orgasmic 
neighbor.  Barbara could see her friends erect nipples and watched 
lustfully as she began to rub her breasts with her left hand.  Her 
right hand was busily probing the cunt lips of her flowering pussy 
and she inserted two of her fingers into her own rapidly moistening 
hole.  As Bobby plunged his shaft in and out of his mother at breath-
taking speed, Linda paced her finger fucking of herself to match.  
Barbara was completely enthralled by the sight she was seeing.  
Although she loved the screwing she was getting from her son, she 
knew from yesterday's experience that she preferred to make love to 
Linda.  She gave Linda a look that said "I'm going to have your pussy 
next."

Bobby finally built up to his peak and erupted saying "Here it is mom 
take it, arghhhhh....," and then he began to slow down from 
exhaustion.

"Oh god!  Don't stop Bobby.  I'm almost there," Barbara cried out.  
"Keep going son.  Fuck your mother.  Fuck me hard."  Bobby 
complied.  In fact it made his softening prick start to revert back to 
its hardened state just from hearing her plead.  "Oh God! Yes!  I'm 
coming!  I'm coming!  Uuhhhhh....," his mother cried out as she 
clutched him tightly with her legs and arms.  She nearly squeezed 
the air out of him.  This sight was too much for Linda and she too 
came rather noisily.  Bobby recognized her orgasmic scream from 
yesterday and knew who it was even before he turned around to 
look.  Bobby slowly pulled his dick out of his mother and a few drops 
of his cum mixed with her juices ran down her leg provacatively.

Nothing was said for a moment or two, they all just stood there 
silently trying to catch their breath and occasionally casting their 
eyes from one to the other.  Each was waiting for the other to say 
something.  Finally Linda daringly broke the ice by lifting her sticky 
fingers to her lips and licking her own juices off them while the 
others watched in amazement.  Bobby was now really starting to get 
hard and Barbara could feel a tingle between her legs again.

Linda smiled and said, "You know kid, if you think you can handle it, 
I'd like to get the same treatment you just gave your dear mother."

Barbara looked to her son, and gave a slightly wicked smile, "Oh yes 
Bobby I think you should give her the same treatment you gave me," 
she said and her eyes quickly looked at the belt on the couch.  Bobby 
caught on immediately, he quickly went to the couch and sat down 
and said to Linda, "Okay.  Come kneel beside me on my right side.  
Mom you come and kneel on my left."  Linda complied and leaned 
over eagerly to take Bobby's swelling member in her mouth, but 
before she could accomplish her goal, Barbara reached across his lap 
and grabbed Linda under her arms and pulled he across her sons lap.  
Linda started to protest and tried to get up, but both the Martins 
held her firmly in place.

   "Well Linda you wanted the same treatment I got so that what you 
are going to get.  Whip her ass with the belt son.  Do it hard like you 
did to me."   "Whack," the belt went as it hit her bare backside.  She 
cried out in pain but no longer fought to get up.  Instead she lay 
dormant waiting for the next stroke.  Barbara let go of her arms and 
started to play with her breasts that dangled provactively from her 
son's lap.  After the fourth blow, Barbara grabbed her sexy 
neighbor's shoulder length light brown hair and said, "Now its your 
turn to eat Bobby's cum from my pussy."  She pushed her steaming 
cunt into Linda's mouth as Bobby continued to spank her.  Tears 
were now streaming from her brown eyes.

   "That's right lick it.  Eat it all and swallow it."  Linda's tongue 
probed deep into Barbara's hole and she expertly glided it 
occasionally across Barbara's clit.  Barbara was very turned on by her 
talented neighbor's tongue.  Linda too was getting pleasure even 
through the pain.  She knew that the Martins would not really hurt 
her.  She too was getting very hot and she was almost dissapointed 
when Bobby delivered his last whack.

Letting go of Linda, she fell off of Bobby's lap softly sobbing.  Barbara 
moved to the center of the room.  She sat down on the floor, leaned 
back on her elbows, and spread her legs for both to see.  "Come finish 
what you started Linda.  I want you to lick my cunt good."  Linda 
crawled over to her friend slowly and lowered her head to Barbara's 
snatch.  Slurping and sucking noisingly.  Bobby watched the two 
women hungarily from the couch.  Barbara looked over to her son 
and said commandingly, "Fuck her, dear.  She wants you to fuck her 
like the slut she is.  I want to see you fuck this horny bitch while she 
does momma."

Bobby got down on his knee's behind Linda.  She spread her thighs 
apart and pushed her red ass in the air giving him an excellent view 
of her bright pink cunt lips poking through her brown bush.  He put 
his swollen dick at her entrance and quickly repeated yesterday's 
performance.  This time he reached under her and grabbed her big 
tits like handles while he plunged in and out rapidly.  He was 
surprised at how wet she was.  His mother's pussy was pushing her 
head backward and he was driving her forward into it.  In between 
Linda was sandwiched between the mother and son team but loving 
every second of it.  Finally Barbara came first followed in rapid 
succesion by her son.  "Take this you whore, bitch, slut, cunt, 
uugghhh..."

Barbara quickly realized that Linda was in need of attention.  She 
rolled her good neighbor onto her back and crawled closer, stopping 
only to give her tits a few kisses and teasing bites.  Then she said,  
"Now its my turn to eat Bobby's cum from your cunt again," and she 
dived between Linda's legs.  An exhaused Bobby laid back to watch 
the show.  He watched as his mother slurped up his sperm from 
where he had just put it.  Linda must have been close because within 
seconds she was screaming and thrashing her pussy into the lovely 
redhead's face.  Barbara moved up to Linda's face and crawled up 
and gave her a tender kiss.  The two women embraced and kissed 
each other on the neck, shoulders, and tits and then holding each 
other gave a long and passionate probing kiss.  Finally they broke the 
kiss and looked over to Bobby.  Bobby's mother leaned over to 
Linda's ear and whispered something.  Both women gigled and then 
they looked to Bobby again.

   "Hey stud.  Think you can fuck your mother again?"

   "Yeah, and don't forget your good neighbor.  I want that hard dick 
in me again reallll soon."

   "I don't know if I can, but I sure will try."

   "Maybe we should use the belt on him if he can't obey Linda."

   "Yep, Barb sounds right to me."


The End.

--
