The Nervous Brother

One of the advantages of being one of three kids is that you never feel
the misery of thinking that you are the only kid in the world who gets
spanked (although one of the disadvantages of being the oldest is that you
think you are the oldest kid in the world who still gets spanked!).  In
this story, my little brother got taught a lesson that I suspect that he
still remembers!

Although we were encouraged to play outside after school, one of the
cardinal rules in our family was to be home before dinner.  It was not
hard to do, but it was pretty easy to be having too much fun and end up
late.  Usually being late meant a good scolding and a cold dinner eaten by
oneself.  Extreme or habitual lateness would certainly bring on a
spanking....I got spanked for this, my sister got spanked for this, and as
you will see, so did my brother.  I believe that he was 10, although he
may have been 11 when this incident occurred.

Mom was starting to get angry, and dinner was not much fun that night as
we sat down to dinner without Kevin.  It became even more tense as dinner
ended, and still no Kevin.  It was very rare for any of us to be this
late!  My sister and I were almost finished with the dishes when he
finally made his appearance through the back kitchen door, and what a
sight he was!  There was no doubt that he had been playing at the end of
the road near a new house being built, where there were plenty of big dirt
piles.  It had been raining, and Kevin was mud from the top of his head to
the bottom of his shoes...soaking wet and as muddy as only a 10 year old
boy can get.

Mom started growling at him immediately, and he foolishly started digging
his own grave.  After pretending that he didn't know what time it was,
then confessing to that lie, he started blaming every other kid in the
neighborhood, "It was Joey's fault, mom...he wouldn't let me come home!" 
"Bobby told me it was only 6:00 mom...I didn't know!!", etc., etc., etc. 
Being very late, impossibly dirty, lying, and blaming everybody else was a
sure ticket to trouble for him, but he must have never seen it coming.

My sister and I kept busy at the dishes, never looking at them, but
hanging on every word.  Finally, mom said "Let's get you out of those
filthy clothes." and marched him downstairs where the washer and dryer
were.  This made sense to us...nobody in their right mind would let a kid
this muddy anywhere near a piece of carpet!  Down they went, where his
boo-hooing picked up steam when we heard her tell him to take off his
clothes, but the fool boy was still blaming the rest of the world and had
not yet said anything about being sorry.  

Our eyes grew huge as his squealing changed into a squeaky "NO MOM,"
followed by the unmistakable sounds of a boy being spanked.  Noisy spanks,
a squealing and crying boy's soprano voice and the raised voice of an
angry mom filled the air....this was what my parents always called a good
spanking.  Neither of us had ever doubted that he would be getting spanked
tonight, but in the basement??? Unheard of before in our house...all
spankings were done in the bedrooms!   Was he *bare bottomed*?????   I
guess the temptation to spank him right then and there as she made him
undress was too much for mom....why go all the way upstairs when you are
all alone in the basement and the naughty boy is nearly bare already?

As we exchanged giggles and glances, dad suggested that we might have
homework to do, and we both immediately agreed and went upstairs.  My
sister went straight into our room, but I detoured into the bathroom. 
Shortly after I entered, I heard mom and a sobbing Kevin climb the steps,
followed by a harsh banging on the door and my mother's voice,"Hurry up in
there."  You can only guess at how quickly I was finished and dressed
again!  As I opened the door, there stood mom holding Kevin's arm, and he
was dressed only in a pair of wet and muddy underpants.  Kevin was bawling
like a little girl, and rubbing his bottom with his free hand.  The dirty
streaks on his face testified to the quantity of tears he had already
shed.

As we passed each other in the hallway, I was amazed to see the tops of
his legs and the little bit of bottom sticking out below his underpants
were red from the spanking she had given him in the basement.  She sent
him into the bathroom by planting her hand solidly across his already
spanked bottom, then followed him in, closing the door behind them.  From
our room, my sister and I giggled and listened to the tub fill as he kept
crying, and she kept scolding and giving him a few additional spanks. 
Before long, mom came out of the bathroom, and to our great amusement, she
was carrying a pair of boys muddy underpants in her hand.

Although all three of us were spanked on our bare bottoms, my sister and I
were always delighted that mom could make Kevin take off his underpants
whenever she wanted to.  It wasn't so delightful that dad had the same
power over us, but it was wonderful to know that mom could do it to Kevin.
 We were pretty certain that the spanking in the basement was on his bare
bottom, but we *knew* that he was all bare when she carried his underpants
out of the bathroom and we were just hysterical.

She bustled around for a few minutes, then disappeared back into the
bathroom again.  It tickled and scandalized us to no end that she had
spanked his bare bottom in the basement, and was now supervising this ten
year old boy taking a bath!  Oh gawd how awful if she (or dad!) had ever
done this to us, but to do it to him it was great!! Finally the bathroom
door came open, and a freshly scrubbed, still tearful boy emerged with his
mother.  Unfortunately for us two curious girls, the towel around his
waist had him covered from waist to knees.  Mom and Kevin disappeared
behind the closed door of his bedroom, and after a while mom came out,
turned off the light and closed his door behind her.

She came right into our room, told us that Kevin had put on his pajamas
and gone to bed.  We were sternly told to leave him alone, and she
disappeared downstairs.  We snickered some more knowing that he had to
take off the towel and put on the pajamas in front of her....this was
heaven for two big sisters!!!  Mom was no fool, she knew that the
unspanked siblings always made life miserable for the spanked one.  I
guess she figured that Kevin had been punished enough, and I don't doubt
that he had!  We were just dying to tease him and find out all the details
of his spanking and his bath, but we were also too smart to risk
antagonizing a woman who was obviously still in a spanking mood.  If she
had caught us in his room, or even at the door, there would have been more
than one red bottom in our house that night!
