
From ddail@efn.org Wed Jun 26 14:49:53 1996
From: mouse@azstarnet.com (Dan Farrell)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.incest
Subject: Net Love Ch 5 (F/M, F\F\F\M, Inc, Bnd, Cons)
Date: Sat, 22 Jun 1996 05:11:37 GMT
Organization: Arizona Daily Star - AZSTARNET
Lines: 508
Message-ID: <4qfvaf$l63@news.azstarnet.com>
Reply-To: mouse@azstarnet.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: usr5ip1.azstarnet.com
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.0.82
Path: 128.230.2.153!newstand.syr.edu!newsstand.cit.cornell.edu!news.acsu.buffalo.edu!news.drenet.dnd.ca!crc-news.doc.ca!nott!torn!howland.reston.ans.net!newsfeed.internetmci.com!in1.uu.net!news2.epix.net!news.sprintlink.net!news-dc-2.sprintlink.net!news.azstarnet.com!usenet
Xref: 128.230.2.153 alt.sex.stories:151869 alt.sex.incest:10935

        This is a fantasy, nothing more than my imagination running wild.  It
is intended for those  21 years and older only. Please beware that it
is very descriptive and contains sexual situations that are figments
of my mind.  The sex is fantasy sex so remember that in the real world
only safe sex practice is recommended for your sake.

If you have coments or suggestions please contact me at:
mouse@azstarnet.com

Thank you for taking the time to share my fantasy.


Net Love   Chapter 5


        My blood ran cold and I felt a knot in my stomach, Cindy's mouth was
right next to my ear and  she was talking to me.

        "Thats right, I watched you, Bobbi  and Mom tonight and I plan on
using that information to get what I want.   And little brother I want
the same thing you gave those two. So you go on to sleep and think
about what is going to happen.  Don't make any plans for tomorrow
night though.  Tomorrow night your mine and you are going to do just
what I want. Oh and by the way tell Bobbi she should close her
curtains, that was one hell of a hot show."

        I heard the door open then softly close as Cindy left my room.  My
mind was in a turmoil, I lay there wide awake,  different scenerio's
of what tomorrow was to bring running through my mind. Finally I made
up my mind, getting out of bed and quietly going into Becky's room, I
shook Becky awake and quietly told her of Cindy's discovery.

        Becky's eye's opened quickly as I finished with the warning Cindy had
given me.  "How are we going to solve this problem Becky?" I asked
her. I had no real desire to be used a sex toy for Cindy.  Not that I
found the idea repulsive, I just liked to have some say in who I
screw.

        Becky sat up and placed her head on my shoulder, "don't worry about
what she saw, and I can guarantee you that Cindy was with her sister
while they watched.  I knew that they would find out sooner or later,
but I was hoping it would be much later. Now in order to ensure that
they have just as much to loose as you and I here is what we can do."

        Becky laid out in detail just what she would like to have go down
tomorrow night and asked if I would have any problems doing what she
asked.  I sat there for a few minutes letting the full impact of what
we were going to do and to who.  I looked at Becky and asked her if
she had any problems, after all they were her daughters.  Becky looked
at me for a moment and then lay back on her bed with a sigh.

        "Let me explain about those two and our relationship.  Three years
ago, the last time they were visiting there father, I received a phone
call from one of their fathers ex friend.  He told me that I should
fly out to where they were and quietly check on them one night after
10:00.  He refused to say anymore.  I went out there and since I still
had my own key to the house let myself in.  I found the two girls and
their father screwing like minks under a set of lights and camera's."

        Becky continued to talk.

        "I won't go into detail about what happen then but the girls feel that
they were doing nothing wrong and that they enjoyed making films with
him.  From what I was told by the girls, they had been making films
for his buddies and him for about four years.  I found copies of some
of the tapes that were made by them in Cindy's room.  After seeing
what the girls did and how they were used on the film, I know that
what we do to them will have them begging to be part of our family
again.  Of course that is if your willing to have them as a part of
us, I really don't now how you feel towards the girls.

        "You know those two, they are always together, and they sure won't
ever be cheerleaders.  They aren't ugly, but they won't win any beauty
contest either.  I feel for them, not being able to find boys that are
willing to date them on a regular basis.  Their biggest problem is if
you talk to one your talking to both. Now if you feel that you can be
just as loving towards them as you are to me when we put our plan into
action I'm  positive that they will be more eager to stay on our good
side.  

        "You ask me if I have any problems with what we plan?  No, in fact
when it's over we may have solved another problem that is soon to come
up."  Becky finsihed.

        I wanted to ask her more about that last statement but decided I would
find out soon anyway.  I kissed her goodnight and quietly went back to
my room.  It did not take long before I was sound asleep with a clear
mind. I remember thinking just how lucky I was.

        As I was leaving my room the next morning I found Cindy waiting in the
hall.  Placing her hand on my chest she stopped me and smiled.
"Remember, be home tonight."  She said with a big smile on her face,
"I'm looking froward to a lot of real action with you as the star
little brother."

        Walking around her I headed down the steps and off to town.  I
wondered around and visited a few friends as the day passed by.  By
the time that the sun had set I was headed home.  I found the note
that Cindy had left on the kitchen table, it was a message from Becky
saying that she would not be home until after 11:00 because of some
work that had to be done before Monday.  There was no one home so I
went up and lay down on my bed waiting for Cindy and Shari. I hoped
that Becky had done what she had planned to do and that there wouldn't
be any problems.

        I was daydreaming about Becky when the door to my room opened and
Cindy walked in.  She looked me up and down real slow then wet her
lips.  "Come down to the family room in 10 minutes" She said, "You may
even like what is planned for this evening."

        I waited for the 10 minutes after she left, walking down the steps and
into the family room, I saw that Shari was on the couch and Cindy was
standing by the TV.  I noticed that both girls had on make-up and were
wearing skirts with nylons.  Cindy was loading a 35mm camera with
film.  I also noticed that there was a video camera on a tripod
standing in the corner.  The tv was on and I could see that the camera
was pointed at the couch. Cindy looked over at me and grinned.

        "Well little brother, tonight you get to do a repeat performance of
what you did last night, only this time the leading ladies are me and
Shari.  You handled yourself so well,  I'm getting wet just thinking
of you and Mom last night.  Of course, this time there will be a
camera to film you in action just for memories.  You and Shari will
start out and after you pop her cork you get to ride me to the
promised land.  Now it isn't as if you are being forced to do some you
find distasteful or anything.  But I do expect you to give us all you
got tonight. Now be a good brother and sit down on the couch so Shari
can show how much she loves her little brother."

        "Wait a minute Cindy," I said, "I'm willing to do what you want, in
fact I'm willing  enough to enjoy screwing both of you but lets lay a
little ground work here first.  There are a couple of things that I've
read about and would like to try if you two are willing. I think that
you can have a film that is worth watching late at night."

        Cindy looked hard at me to see if I was trying to pull something fast
on her. "Just what did you have in mind now," she asked.

        "Well, I've read that if a person is restrained that the climax is
much more powerful than normal.  If you are interested in what I'm
saying we can use my bed with the brass rails to lightly tie Shari up
while I play with her body.  You run the camera while I do her.  Then
if you think that you might like it I'll take both of you and tie you
together and eat your pussy." I could see Cindy's mind working at this
thought.

        "Ok with you Shari?" Cindy asked

        "I'm getting wet thinking about that,"   Shari said, "but just my
wrists are to be tied and not tight."

        Cindy grabbed the camera and Shari carried the flood lights up to my
room.  It took just a couple of minutes to set everything up.  Turning
on my tv so Cindy would be able to see what she was filming I asked
Cindy if she would like to be the one to tie up Shari.

        I reached under my bed and found the box that Becky said she would put
there.  I opened it and found several silk scarves and straps with
rings attached.  These I handed to Cindy.  She then told Shari to put
her arms above her head and to stretch them wide apart.  As soon as
she had attached the silken scarves to the rails and then to the rings
on Shari's wrist straps I handed Cindy the blindfold.

        She looked at me and I told her, "That way she won't know what I am
going to do, each touch is going to be a surprise."  Cindy accepted
that and placed the blindfold on Shari. Stepping back Cindy motioned
for me to begin. 

        I walked over to Shari and began to unbutton her blouse, Cindy was
pointing the camera directly on us and I could see myself on the tv
screen.  As the blouse came open and her skin exposed, her breast
popped free,   I bent down and ran my tongue up and down her belly,
then straight up to lightly brush a nipple.  I moved my mouth between
the two stiffening brown buttons,  lightly flicking my tongue across
their tops or quickly sucking them up between my lips and tugging up
on them.   Straightening up,  I started to pull the hem of her skirt
up until it was up around her waist.  She had on nylons and they ended
at the middle of her thigh,  there were no panties, but there was more
than enough hair.  It covered her pussy like a soft carpet.  I reached
out with my finger tip and softly stroked the dark part in the middle
of her cunt.  Shari twisted and jumped. I moved her legs far apart and
then raised her knees. As Cindy moved the camera down to Shari's
pussy.  I then turned my attention to her breasts, two large globes of
soft skin, her nipples were now enlarged and stiff.  I bent and
wrapped my lips around one and sucked it in my mouth and flicked it
with me tongue.  Shari arched up and tried to reach for my head.  She
twisted her body but the strap held her hands back.

        I moved my mouth south, working down to the tops of her thighs, my
tongue  left small wet tracks, moving my mouth as close as I could
with out touching her pussy I moved across her lower belly and then
pulled my mouth off.   I moved between her legs and let my fingers
brushed the inner leg from knee to crotch, again stopping before I
touched her hair.  I lay down between her legs with my mouth only
inch's away from her pussy and gently blew.  She was starting to jerk
on the straps again,  I reached out and combed her cunt hair with my
fingers, starting right at the ass cheeks and going up and around.
She came unglued and was breathing hard.

         I looked over at Cindy who was now sitting on a chair, the camera was
now resting on the tripod.  Her blouse was unbuttoned and open, her
left hand rubbing her nipples back and forth,  her eyes glued to what
I was doing to her sister.  She was using her right hand to stroke the
darkhair covered cunt between her legs.

        Turning my attention back to Shari, I used both hands on her pussy
hair and combed it from side to side, moving it back against her legs
exposing the valley of her cunt.  I moved my face closer and was now
where she could feel my breath, Shari was pushing her whole body in an
effort to bury my face in that cunt.  She was starting to groan and
growl deep in her throat.  I pushed my face forward and plunged my
tongue deep inside, I was running my stiff tongue up,down, left and
right deep in her.  Her body was arched and she was now moaning
continuously, small tremors moved along her skin.  Using my fingers I
moved the lips of her pussy apart and clamped my lips onto the swollen
clit and sucked it against my tongue. I released her lips and slipped
a finger into her wet hole.  My sister screamed as her body shook and
twitched, her cunt was flooded with lubricant that flowed past my
fingers.  Removing my finger I slipped a stiff tongue back in the
opening my finger had left. I shoved my tongue in and out rapidly as
Shari arched her back again.  

        I sat up and looked at Cindy,  her skirt bunched up around her hips
both hands were between her legs.  I hand held her swollen pussy lips
open and the other was sliding up and down her tiny clit. I told her
come on over  and lay down beside her sister. Oddly enough she did so
and as she lay down beside her sister I released on restraint so Shari
could move over.  When both girls were restrained I stepped back and
put a blind fold on  Cindy.  I looked at the girls there laying side
by side, blouses unbuttoned and open, soft breasts, topped with large
rigid nipples.  My eyes looked further down their bodies, enjoying the
sight of nylon encased legs with soft white skin at the top of the
hose.  Black hair, covering soft pink pussies, I could see the wetness
that starting to seep onto  the hair that covered the cleft of their
cunts. I turned and let Becky into the room..  

        Becky walked over to the girls and bent her head close to their ears
and whispered "It's my turn now ladies."  Both girls stiffened up and
then resigned themselves to fate.  Becky walked over to Cindy and
cupped one of the breasts that was exposed,  it was swollen and puffed
out which caused the nipple to stand straight out.  Becky offered the
cupped breast to me so I  clamped my mouth down and sucked.  Cindy
bucked and arched her back, pushing her breasts hard against my face.
Becky had already moved over to Shari and was sucking on her breast.
Letting the tit in her mouth pop out, Becky motioned me to start on
Cindy's cunt.  Sliding her skirt back out of the way I repeated the
same movements that I had used on Shari.  As I was getting ready to
bury my face, Becky moved onto the bed,   she moved her skirt up
around her waist she placed her cunt over Cindy's mouth and pushed
down.  Cindy was licking and sucking on Becky's cunt as I drove my
tongue in quickly, pushing it in as far as I could, I was enjoying
licking the soft, silky skin, tasting the sweetness of her.

        I stopped eating Cindy long enough to kiss Becky as she leaned
forward.  As we broke the kiss Becky  she lay forward and placed her
mouth onto Cindy's cunt.  I had moved back so Becky could take over. 
I moved over to where Shari lay and leaned down towards her face.  I
wrapped my hand around my cock and placed the head of it on her lips.
Her mouth opened up but I pulled back "Not yet Shari."  I moved the
head back to her lips and ran the head across her lips, letting her
feel the velvet soft head.  Moving onto the bed I placed my legs on
either side of Shari and again moved my cock up to her mouth.  Her
tongue popped out as the head of my dick made contact with her lips,
the feeling of her tongue against my dick was making my legs shake.  I
reached my hand behind her head and pulled her face towards my cock.
She opened her mouth and sucked the head down quickly, she tried to
suck more in but I was holding back so she could just  work her mouth
on the crown. 

        While Shari sucked and licked my cock, I reached back with one hand
and found the smooth skin of her lower belly.  I started running the
flat of my hand slowly up and down  working lower and lower until my
hand was slipping down between her legs.  I was putting just enough
pressure on my hand so skin contact was being made.  As Shari and I
were enjoying our bodies I looked at Becky.

        Becky and Cindy were both attacking each others pussy.  I mean they
were clamping their lips down on their clits and shaking their heads
back and forth.  I could see that Cindy's cunt was wet and her clit
was swollen and red.  Becky felt me looking and sat up shoving her
cunt down onto Cindy's mouth.  Becky moved off of Cindy and motioned
for me to do the same.

        "Now girls," Becky began, "I am going to take the straps off of you
but you are not to remove the blindfolds.  You will be moved into
another postion and retied.  If you try to remove the blindfolds or
decide you have had enough, then you will be looking for a new place
to live tomorrow.  Do you understand and agree?"

        Both girls girls agreed quickly.  Becky removed Cindy's straps and
helped her off the bed.  Leading Cindy around to the foot of the bed,
Becky removed Cindy's blouse, "Place your hands on the rail here wide
apart," Becky told her, "And lean forward a bit.  Now move your lags
apart, that's the way."

        Becky finished tying Cindy to the rail and turned to Shari.  She moved
Shari sideways to the middle of the bed.  Retying the scarves Becky
bent down and whispered into Shari's ear 

        "Now Shari in just a minute you are going to have a rock hard dick in
that cunt.  And during the time that you are getting fucked, I'm going
to be telling your sister what is happening to you stroke for stroke."

        Shari's body shook with the thought of something happening to her that
would relieve the fire that was burning between her legs.  She pulled
her knees up until they were against her nipples and moaned. Moving
her feet up until her legs were straight she then lowered her legs
back over her head until her knees were almost touching her ears.

        Becky and I both looked on amazed at what we were seeing.  I couldn't
pass up the opportunity.  I leaned over and inserted my tongue into
the hole that was stretched open from the postion her legs were in.
As my tongue slipped into the wet opening her body jerked and she
clamped her legs around my head.  Her pussy was grinding against my
mouth and tongue as her body started to spasm.  I pulled her legs from
around my head and moved back. 

        Becky reached in the box by the bed and brought out a bright pink
plastic object.  It was curved and on the inside of the curve was a
raised mound of plastic.  The cup had two straps and a cord from which
a box was attached.  Bending down behind Cindy, Becky raised one of
Cindy's leg's and slipped the strap on, she did the same to the other
leg.  Pulling the straps up and sliding the cup up between Cindy's
legs until it was snug against her pussy.  She moved the plastic cup
around until it was where she wanted it to sit and then tightened the
straps.  She walked over to Shari and handed her the box that the
wires ran to.

        "Cindy you have a device called Joanie's Butterfly on.  That little
piece of plastic pushing against your clit is a vibrator.  There is a
button on a control box that makes the vibrator work.  You push the
button and it starts, the farther down the button goes the harder the
vibration." Becky told Cindy.

        Becky walked over to Shari and whispered into her ear, "Just squeeze
that box in your hand everytime you feel good."  

        Becky then walked back over to the box and pulled out a string of
beads.  The beads were about one half inch in diameter and were about
a half inch apart.  There was several beads on either end of the
string and they were fixed in place.  She handed these to me and
smiled as she told me that I should not have a problem finding a use
for the beads.  Becky looked at the two girls and then turned towards
me.

        "I believe now is the time to finish this and find out what the final
results are."  Becky whispered in my ear. She was taking her blouse
off as she talked. And I waited until her skirt dropped to the floor.
She raised her hands above her head and turned in a small circle so I
could admire a womans full body.  As she teased me I removed the
clothes that I still had on until we were both stark naked.  Reaching
out I pulled her into my arms and kissed her soft lips with a passion
that came from deep down.  I was letting her know that even though her
daughters bodies were available to me I wanted hers.  She broke the
kiss and told me to hold back until later tonight for us.  She wanted
us together by ouselves with no distractions.

        Becky pointed towards Shari and pointed.  I walked over to Shari and
reaching down I stroked her pussy with my hand.  She jumped as my hand
made contact.  So did Cindy as the button was squeezed.  Cindy let out
a squeal as her clit was suddenly moving.  As I stroked the hair
covering her pussy she moved her legs apart so I was able to move
between them.  Her but was on the very edge of the bed so I went to my
knees and buried my face once again into the soft tangle of hair and
flesh.  My tongue darted down into the fold of skin to penetrate right
to her clit.  Her hand was squeezing the box and Cindy was whimpering.

        As I started to eat Shari's pussy, Becky walked over and draped
herself around CIndy.  She reached her arms around and cupped Cindy's
tits and started to rub her hands back and forth across the nipples.
Becky was grinding her pussy up tight against Cindy's as she could
feel the vibration from the butterfly on her pussy too.  Becky was
telling Cindy how my tongue was running up and down her sisters cunt,
lapping at the clit that was swelling and getting hard.  Now my tongue
was disappearing down into her wet, hot, hole, sucking the pussy juice
as it flowed out.  Cindy was jerking and whimpering, her body was
continually jerking as her sister kept pushing the button.

        I moved back and slipped my cock down towards her open cunt, placing
the head of my cock against her clit I moved it up and down, just
stroking her clit.  Shari was pushing her hips up trying to drive my
cock down into her hole.  I kept stroking and moving until her cunt
was creamy white with lubricant.  Placing her feet on my shoulders I
moved my dick just outside the entrance to her cunt.  I dropped down
and sank al the way to bottom of my shaft.  Shari arched her back and
screamed as her hand closed on the button and held it down.  Her
scream of delight was slowly turning into a growl as her body demanded
that the fire be stopped.  I pulled back until just the crown remained
in her, then slowly stroked down and back just an inch or two. Each
stroke was shallow and slow.  Her hips were trying to reach up and
take nore in but I wanted her to know that what she was getting was
but a sample.  I buried my cock all the way in and held down tight,
Shari's hips were moving in a tight circle as she held me in her.

        Cindy was getting a very descriptive narration from Becky while this
was going on.  Becky moved her hands away from Cindy's tit's and
placed one between Cindy's legs.  Cindy opened her legs to let that
hand move around.  Becky's finger slipped deep into Cindy, Cindy
started to moan as she was feeling the finger move in and out, coupled
with the vibrations on her clit and Becky feeding her ears with the
action.

        I suddenly pulled out of Shari, she started to beg me to come back.  I
told her I was just lay back and relax for a second.  Taking the beads
in hand I reached down and gentle pushed them one at a time into her
cunt.  When all of the beads were tucked in I pulled on the string.
With a wet pop the beads came out one at a time.  Shari was arching
her body  and yelling.

        "Ohhhh God, Ohhhhhhh God,  Pleaseeee Fuck meeeeeee.

        Cindy hearing her sister was starting to have her own spasms, and I
could hear her groaning to Becky.

        "Oh god mom, please let him fuck me, I need his cock inside me now
Mom, Please,Please, Ohhhhhh Godddd, Please."  She moaned out.

        Taking the wet beads I now gently inserted them into Shari's asshole,
one bead at a time, listening to her intake of breath as this new
feeling rose inside of her.  I slipped my cock back in her wet cunt,
going deep and fast.  I reached down behind me and found the string to
the beads.  I leaned forward and started to pump my cock in and out
like there was no tomorrow.  As Shari climbed up and up I kept
pumping, she suddenly stiffened up, at the exact second she stiffened
up I jerked on the string and popped the beads out of her asshole.
Shari's body siffened and then she fainted.  As she lay there in a
fead faint her body jerked and twitched as the orgaism rode her body.

        I slowly started stroking her cunt again as she moaned and moved under
me. A tremor that started from her toes and shot up to her head shook
her body as she came around. Just then I realized that Cindy was real
quiet too.  Looking over I saw that she was leaning her full weight on
the rail as her body just shook.

        Becky stepped back and motioned for me to come over.  I slipped out of
Shari and moved behind Cindy.  Crouching down I postioned my caock and
slipped it home.  Cindy began to cry and twist as she frantically
pumped her cunt up and down my cock.

        "Ohhhhhh gooddddd, dont' stopppp, Pleaseeeee  Dont Stopppp,  Just Fuck
meeeee. Fill me Up, Ohhhhhhh Goddd. Please Don' Stoppppp."  She moaned
as she moved her hips up and down my shaft.

        I could feel the vibrator that was going hard and furious against her
clit, it would tapmy balls then move away.  Cindy suddenly dropped her
hips down and closed her legs on my cock as her climax peaked.  She
was shaking and trembleing as the orgasm finally came.  Her pussy was
spurting jucie out and down my cock as each wave moved thru her body.

        I eased out as her orgasm subsided and walked over the stand by Becky.
Becky walked over and untied both girls and told them they could
remove their blindfolds now.  As they did they sat on the edge of the
bed and faced us, neither would look us in the eye.

        "Okay ladies," Becky began, "Let's get something cleared up and
striaghtened out.  I don't like the what you had planned to do.  It
wasn't needed.  Now if you feel that you don't like what is going on
between your step brother and myself, right there is the door.  You
can leave.  In fact I think you should leave,  after this stunt you
tried to pull, I don't think i want you in this house."

        Both girls were crying real tears now.  I kept quiet and let Becky
have the floor.  I knew what she was up to and figured that she knew
what she was doing.  

        "Oh mom, " cried Cindy, "Please, don't throw us out.  We want to stay
and be part of the family again.  I was wrong about dad, after what
you did tonight I realize that we need you.  We really do you love you
both.  Please, please. mom let us stay."

        Becky looked at her daughters, "You think that I should let you stay
here with us?  You feel that you could be a part of us again.?  I want
us to be a family but are you willing to be open and honest with us?

        Shari answered before Cindy could. "Mom, if what you gave us tonight
is a sample or beginning of what is to come, I will be here for a long
time.  I want to be hugged and held like you two did last night after
you got home.  Is that part of being loved in this family?

        I had to do something so I walked over to Shari andpulled her into my
arms, closing them around her I hugged her tight and told her that it
sure was.  When I let her go there were more tears in her eyes.

        Becky looked at her daughters and at me, she smiled and then told
Cindy and Shari to go on out and shower.  She took my hand and lead me
to her room.  We showered and lay down on her bed, She asked me to
just hold her close for awhile as she lay there quietly.  

        "I have one more thing that has to be straightened out tomorrow and
then this family is going to close it's door to the outside." Becky
said.  "I believe that we are going to become a very loving family
after this evenings little performance.  I would like you to pay some
real close attention to your sisters over the next few weeks until
they are more sure of their place with us though.  I hope you don't
mind doing it for me."

        "Becky, I will do what ever you want and not question it.  I feel a
need to make you happy and I am willing to do gladly what ever it
takes.    

        This ends the Net Love portion of the series,    I hope that you have
enjoyed the story up to this point.  If you would like to hear the
stories of The Family then let me know.  It picks up where this leaves
off.  Comment, suggestions, and questions  can be mailed to:
         mouse @azstarnet.com

        


