New
by parker

I'd never thought of other women in that way - as attractive or
cute or sexy - but something about Joan's new secretary really
caught my eye. I knew her name was Lisa, but that was about all I
knew. She seemed quite young, barely out of high school, with
curly blonde hair and large, blue eyes. She had a pert, little
girl's face and a slender body.

Joan's office was right across the hall from my own, and I had
plenty of opportunity to watch Lisa come and go. At first, I was
kind of amused at myself - a grown woman with a husband and two
children, mooning over a slip of a girl maybe half her age. But I
couldn't stop looking. Gradually, however, the amusement faded
and the fascination grew.

As I spent more and more of my time watching Lisa, it slowly
dawned on me that something strange was going on. At least two or
three times a day, she'd come out of Joan's office with an odd,
almost upset look on her face. Sometimes, her eyes were red, like
she'd been crying or something. Once, I noticed that the top few
buttons of her blouse were undone, which was very unusual for
her; she always dressed very conservatively. I tried to ignore
it, but, just like my attempts not to watch, the harder I tried
the worse it got. Eventually, it began to affect my work; day
after day, I'd spend hours just sitting at my desk, watching Lisa
come and go, trying to figure out what was going on.

Finally, I got up enough courage to talk to Joan. She was in my
office and we were going over some market forecasts when I spoke
to her about it. I tried to be circumspect, making a couple of
offhand complaints about Pam - my own secretary - and then asking
Joan how her new secretary was working out.

Joan looked at me blankly for a moment and then smirked. "You've
been watching her, haven't you?"

"What do you mean?" I tried to look innocent, but I could feel my
cheeks heating up. I blushed easily.

"Don't pretend you don't know what I'm talking about. I've seen
you looking at her."

"Well..."

Joan reached over the desk and put her hand on my arm. "Don't be
embarrassed," she told me. "She's a hot little number. And she's
mine."

I looked up, startled. "What?"

"I caught her taking money from the petty cash drawer back when
she was new, before she was assigned to me. She can't afford to
lose this job, so we made a deal."

I felt like I was in a daze. "A deal?" What was she saying?

Joan just smirked. "Come over to my office at 5:30," she told me.
"I'll show you."

I watched her go, my mind reeling. Lisa was her's? What did she
mean by that? I wasn't really going to take her up on her offer,
was I? Still... the thought of Lisa - of having *control* over
that beautiful young girl - gave me feelings I hadn't experienced
in a long time. I dropped a hand under my desk and rubbed my
pussy through my skirt as I imagined what it might be like. While
I was dreaming, Lisa entered Joan's office and then came out
again about thirty seconds later. Her eyes were red. For a
moment, I thought that she looked over at me, but she quickly
turned and walked away. I shuddered at my desk as a small orgasm
swept through my body. Barely aware of what I was doing, I
reached over to pick up the phone. I had to call Jack and let him
know I'd be working late.

The day seemed to last forever, but 5:30 finally rolled around. I
looked across the hall at the closed door to Joan's office. Lisa
was in there; I'd seen her go in about half an hour ago, and she
hadn't come out. I knocked.

"Come in," Joan called.

I pushed open the door and walked in. Joan was seated at her
desk, a big grin on her face. Lisa stood beside her. The poor
girl's eyes were red and watery, as if she were just about to
start crying. She was dressed in her usual conservative grey
skirt and business outfit, but the top few buttons on her white
blouse were undone and she looked a little dishevelled. I felt a
wave of warmth in my pussy as I noticed her lower lip was
trembling. She looked *frightened*.

"Lisa," Joan said, putting her hand on the poor girl's rear end
and pushing her forward, "You've met Sandra. As I said earlier,
I've told her about our little 'deal'. Treat her like you treat
me."

I barely heard the words. All my attention was focused on Lisa as
she walked slowly forward. As she got closer, I could see the
tops of her breasts over the partially unbuttoned blouse. She
raised her eyes to mine; I thought I would melt into them.

"Ms Sandra," she said, in a frightened little voice, "m-may I
serve you?" My mouth was suddenly dry. I didn't trust myself to
speak, so I just nodded. Trembling, she moved forward, put her
arms around me and drew me in. My lips parted, and I felt her
face meet mine... tongue enter my mouth... lips caress my lips...

The kiss lasted forever; I was panting and half dazed when she
finally broke away. "Oh..." I wanted to say something, but she
immediately brought her face up against mine for another kiss. I
felt her hands move up my shoulder and pull at my jacket and
blouse. She must have managed to unbutton my blouse, because the
next thing I knew, the clothing was sliding off my shoulders and
onto the floor. Her lips left mine, and I stood there, panting,
eyes closed, as her tongue slid down my neck to my breasts. A
shudder passed through my body as her tongue made contact with my
nipples. I was getting closer...

Her hand slid down my back until it reached my ass (what had
happened to my skirt and panties?). A finger ran over my pussy
and along back to my ass. I felt some pressure and then let out a
small cry as the finger slipped inside. Immediately, Lisa's mouth
was back over mine for another long, passionate kiss. I relaxed,
but reached around behind me to push her hand away. I was getting
closer...

I felt something cool on my wrists and I couldn't get my arms to
move. She pulled her lips from mine and I staggered forward into
her arms, gasping. I was so close...

I opened my eyes. It wasn't Lisa standing in front of me, it was
Pam, my secretary. I looked over at the desk and stared in shock.
Joan was stark naked and Lisa, fully clothed - even the buttons
on her blouse were done up - was pushing her forward so she was
lying on the desk. Joan's hands were cuffed together and Lisa was
rubbing something long and pink against her rear end.

I struggled to say something - to protest - as Pam, also fully
dressed, used the finger in my rear end to manoeuvre me to the
side of the desk opposite Joan and pushed so that I was leaning
forward, my face inches from Joan's. She looked at me. Her eyes
were glazed and she was panting.

Lisa smiled down at me and then looked over at Pam. "Not so big,"
she said, shaking her head. "She's still new. Plenty of time for
that one later." The blonde girl waited a moment and then nodded.
Then she looked back at me, smiling. She reached down with both
hands and pulled Joan's face and my face together. "Better help
her out." I think she was talking to Joan. "You remember the
first time."

When she released our heads, Joan and I kept our faces together.
She parted her lips and I accepted her tongue in my mouth. I was
so close...

I felt something cold and wettish placed up against my ass...

