Part 2 -- The slave girl's message 
Dear Master,

It seems odd to call you that but you are.  I knew it when you 
first talked to me but I could not admit it until today when you 
showed me what and who I am.  Oops, perhaps i should not use a 
capital i when referring to me.  

I am sitting at the typewriter, still nude and handcuffed, 
you're right (of course) the handcuffs do not interfere with my 
activities very much.

When i heard the door close after you i was still reeling from 
the orgasm you forced me to give myself.  i have never felt so 
much so strongly before.  Thank you.  i lay there for a long 
time, catching my breath and thinking of what you did.  i 
realized that i hardly spoke a word while you were here, i just 
answered your questions and did not speak anything extra.  That 
is strange and unusual behavior for me.  Perhaps my life will 
became strange and unusual now.  Perhaps my life will be more 
natural now.  i want to explore with you.  Please have me.

Once i got up i went exploring, retracing a lot of the steps you 
took me through.  Wandering about imagining being chained and 
tied to all sorts of things.  Handcuffs make me horny.  No 
matter what i did or what position i took or imagined it all 
seemed natural except sitting at the kitchen table.  It didn't 
seem right to be sitting there, i think it was the effect of the 
table partially covering me and a feeling that sitting is not 
proper for a slave.  i'm very confused.  Do i sound it?  Please 
teach me.

The handcuff key was easy to use but i was reluctant, i was 
enjoying myself.  i unlocked one hand and locked my hands behind 
me.  i walked around and felt exquisitely helpless but also 
challenged as if i should be able to do most things anyway.  i 
poured a glass of water, drank through a straw, made a sandwich, 
watched television, started the dishwasher, made a phone call.  
The phone call was a challenge as i was kneeling on the floor 
with my head down on the chair seat holding down the receiver.  
i called my mother and had a nice chat, wondering all the while 
what she would think if she saw my position.  I gave her no clue 
and gloried in my mischief.

i stayed with my hands behind my back until 8 pm when i decided 
i had to get a few work things done, reading and comments for a 
meeting tomorrow morning.  The handcuffs didn't get in the way 
then either.  i love you.

When i was done, i played.  i cuffed my ankles together, they 
fit but it is uncomfortable to stand and hurts to walk; i locked 
a wrist to an opposite ankle and found it difficult to move from 
the bedroom to the kitchen; i locked a wrist to the same side 
ankle, wished i could do the other side and imagined you making 
love to me;  i cuffed an ankle to a desk leg and typed up the 
notes i had written earlier; i locked the closet door and cuffed 
a wrist to the doorknob and thought of you leaving me there for 
hours; then i did the same thing lying on the floor with an 
ankle held high and cuffed.  Please bring me chains, cuffs, 
collars, harnesses, gags, helmets, locks, leather, steel, 
anything, anything but keys.  Please, i'm realizing this is my 
last chance to freely play and secure myself at my option for as 
long as i want, however i want.

The choices are too much, i no longer want to decide these 
things, i have enjoyed this playing but i am frustrated.  Not 
frustrated in being chained, frustrated in not being helpless.  
My imagination can take me to many situations but having access 
to the key having to make sure i can get to it takes something 
away.  I should not have freedom, i don't want it.  Please do 
not let me have it. Please deny me freedom.

Sir, this slave girl would be most appreciative if you should 
accept her as your very own, to do with as you like, to do yur 
bidding, to follow your every command and accept any guidance, 
training, or punishment you choose to give her.

Yes, you have said there is a weekend test to go through before 
i can decide.  i cannot imagine changing my mind.  You have 
helped to find me.  Please show me more.

i have heard of some of the classics and "near classics" you 
mentioned earlier.  i have not read many, it is difficult for a 
woman to obtain them openly.   Those that i have read vary in 
quality and effect.  The dominance i ask of you is a loving, 
caring lifestyle.  i trust you and you will not betray my 
trust.  i don't think you will reduce me to the status of a 
piece of meat or a prize head of cattle as had been done to the 
women in some of the books i've read.  i have pictured myself in 
some of the situations described, the bondage scenes and those 
that have some subtle exhibitionism or humiliation possible 
because of the otherwise innocent or unsuspecting surroundings.  
Please help me learn.

i will close now, i'll mail this letter at the post office in 
the morning, early enough for it to be included in the local 
delivery tomorrow.  For now, i'll go to a dream filled sleep, 
hands cuffed behind me.  I'll leave the key in the kitchen.

Good night, Master.
 
