You come to me free and willing.  We are sitting at your kitchen table 
drinking an afternoon coffee.  You make good coffee. You've had a bad time 
with life and your series of husbands have not known how to treat you.  
They bought you everything you wanted and never complained.  You were the 
leader of the household and supported and pushed your husbands to heights 
they could never achieve on their own.  Now you call upset because your husband 
has rebelled and started going out on unexplained visits and coming home drunk 
Your not sure how to handle it. WHat you really want is a master.

You don't know if you really want me here.  You don't know if what I can 
do to you is what you really need.  I do.  I've known you for three years; 
watched you for three years.  You've found most of yourself.  I can help 
you find the rest.

For the next hour you are mine, totally and absolutely.  If, after this 
hour you want to go to the next step, we will spend a weekend together.  
If you agree now, you will not be able to stop anything that will happen 
to you for the next hour, just as you will not be able to stop anything if 
you start the weekend.  This is the beginning of trust.  If you decide to 
enter into the lifestyle, codewords and signals will be necessary.  The 
orientation is gentle and is not to be interrupted.  This is not an easy 
process, I promise only that no harm will come to you.  Do you agree?  
Good.

Go into your bedroom.  Remove all your clothes, jewelry, hairpins, makeup, 
nail polish, everything that is not grown by you.  Then come back to the 
living room.  You have three minutes.

You made it.  Walk over here in front of me.  You don't know what to do 
with your hands.  Don't worry I will teach you.

Kneel down, sit back on your heels.  Spread your knees apart, wider.  
Place your hands, palms up, on your thighs.  Keep your shoulders back and 
your back straight.  Keep your eyes centered and bow your head until 
you're looking at the floor about eight feet in front of you.  Open your 
mouth slightly.  This is position Number One.  You will often be in this 
position.  It is neutral.  You can easily stay like this for hours without 
strain.  You will receive instructions, have conversations, and assume 
this position unless told otherwise.

Position Number Two is a bit more arduous.  This is a basic punishment 
position which you will assume whenever I want you to, deserved or not.  
Raise up so you're straight from knees to head.  Bring your knees closer 
together but not touching.  Raise your head up and look straight ahead.  
Good, now raise you arms until they are pointing straight out in front of 
you.  Now keeping your upper arms still, bring your wrists up and cross 
them. There will be times when I will tie them at this point, for now hold 
them tightly together and swing your arms up and over until your crossed 
wrists are behind your neck.  Stay there, this is Number Two.  After a 
while you'll get used to it.  Feel how your breast are pulled up and out.  
You are beautiful like that.  Imagine a rope leading from your wrists 
through a collar ring down your back up through your crotch and pulled 
tight and tied to a front collar ring.  Imagine yourself in this position 
with panels three inches in front and back of you.  There is wet paint on 
the panels.  You will stay like that until the paint dries.  If I should 
find any paint on you, you will be punished severely.

Return to Number One.  If you decide that this is the course you want you 
will belong to me, in our world you will have nothing, not even a name.  
You will treat the body you occupy as a valuable property.  You will feed 
it properly, exercise daily and follow a regimen to improve it for me.  
You will learn Yoga for relaxation, stretching, health and endurance.  You 
will learn to use cosmetics to enhance the beauty of the body you no 
longer own.  Exercise machines will be installed and a program 
established.  Your training will be rigorous, strength and endurance is 
necessary.  Your mind will not be neglected either.

As an object, you will be restrained most of the time.  Clothes will 
seldom be necessary.  You will learn to revel in bondage and glory in the 
straps and chains that will adorn and emphasize the body you care for.

Assume Number Two.  Measurements will be taken and straps, cuffs and 
collars will be made that fit you firmly and comfortably without excess 
material dangling about.  You will wear corsets that will gradually reduce 
your waist and emphasize the figure.  Cuffs and chains will be an everyday 
outfit.  You will left alone, restrained in many ways until timing devices 
release keys that you will be able to reach.  Sometimes the release will 
be in stages.  For instance a key will drop from the ceiling to release 
you from the bed so that you can shower before another key is available to 
release you from shackles, allowing you to dress and make it to work 
barely on time. 

Yes, you will keep your career, there is no reason for you to abandon your 
hopes, your dreams, your aspirations toward success.  Your status as my 
slave will not be compromised by your professional life.  You will 
adjust.  You will accommodate.  You will absorb everything into your 
entire being.

Now for Position Three.  Keep your hands where they are and rise to your 
feet, right leg first.  You will learn how to rise directly from Position 
One without stepping out, but that will come in the future.  Now bring the 
arms down to your side and bring them up behind you so the hands are 
holding the opposite elbows.  This is Three.  Whenever you are standing 
and the arms are not restrained otherwise, you will assume this position.  
If one arm is carrying something the other arm will be held behind the 
back as it is.  You are never to walk with the arms dangling loosely, the 
hands should never be below your waist at the side or front without a 
definite purpose.  If the hands are secured in front of you, bend the 
elbows to keep them at or above the waist but do not cover the breasts.  
If the hands are secured behind the back, you may let them hang down as 
far as they are able.
Remember to assume Position Three whenever you are not otherwise 
restrained and are upright.

Come, let us tour the house, explore the possibilities.  Have you ever 
been naked in every room of the house?  You will today.  Bedrooms, 
closets, bathrooms, show me everything.  Nice house, good furniture, you 
will be tied or chained to most of it if you decide to continue.   That 
bed, a chain will be bolted to it and an ankle cuff will secure you every 
night.  You may or may not sleep on the bed, you may or may not have 
access to the key. The chain will be long enough to reach into that 
closet, the door will be modified to fit the chain under it.

Ah, a pull down stairs to the attic, go on up, you may use the arms for 
balance this time.  Good, it has a floor.  Position One.  Good.  This has 
possibilities.  Part of this area will be a sweathouse, I imagine it gets 
very warm up here.  Crawl on all fours over to that horizontal board 
nailed to the rafters, back up to it and assume Position Two.  Just the 
right height, extend the arms out to the side, on top of the the wood.  
Spread the legs a little more.  Excellent.  Now move the arms behind the 
wood and bring the wrists forward under the wood as far as you can.  That 
will do nicely.  A few eye bolts and other assorted hardware and we can 
make this attic do very well.

Crawl back here,  go down the ladder.  You are learning, you were in Three 
as soon as you let go of the ladder.  Lead me to the kitchen.

Position One.  Hold out the left arm, palm up.  These are handcuffs.  Feel 
the weight, hefty, real, stainless steel.  One side swings around inside 
the other to capture a wrist.  Examine them with both hands.  Tell me what 
you are thinking.  Lock one around the right wrist, snug, not tight.  Grab 
the other cuff with the left hand, don't lock it on.  Hold them. Feel them 
Let go with the left hand, put the hands behind the back and hold them 
again.  You are feeling reality.

Bring the hands in front and lock the cuff on the left wrist.  Stand up.  
Bend your elbows, remember what I told you.  Lets go down to the basement.

Nice office.  Sit at that typewriter.  Put in some paper and type your 
name and address.  Notice how the handcuffs do not hinder you at the 
keyboard.  You can accomplish a lot in handcuffs, they are, at most, a 
minor inconvenience.

Come into the furnace room.  Crawl behind there and read the serial number 
off the furnace,  now the water heater.  Don't mind the dust and cobwebs, 
they'll wash off.  Come here.

Now go out this door.  It will lock behind you.  Walk slowly around the 
house to the kitchen door.  I will open the door in 45 seconds,if you are 
already on that side of the house, you've moved too fast and will be 
punished.  Keep the hands at the waist at all times.  Do not cover the 
breasts.

Hello, you've timed that nicely.  Before you come in use that hose there 
to spray off the dirt and cobwebs from the legs and shoulders.  Don't get 
the hair wet.

Come in.  Go in the living room.  Position One.  Notice how the handcuffs 
accommodate this position nicely.  If you continue this journey, you will 
experience a lot.  You will be subjected to classical restraints and 
positions, you will read the bondage classics and not so classics and live 
out entire chapters of them.  The key phrase is that you will live, you 
will partake of life and what it offers, you will not just exist, you will 
go through life doing things on purpose, a life that will be kept exciting 
and new. You'll not be kept locked away forever, a prisoner in a remote 
tower, your status, accessories and life style will be evident in varying 
degrees, dependent on situation, mood and playfulness.  You will enjoy the 
challenges presented to you and flaunt your position with a 
self-confidence that you've never felt before.  You will come to invent 
new games and create situations, you will bloom into the exciting and 
vibrant creature that you've been hiding for years.

It's 3:54. You have been naked in front of me for almost an hour and I 
have not touched you.  You've just been given a brief introduction to what 
the future can hold.  Now I want you to lie on your back and masturbate 
for me.  When you finish I will leave.  The key to your handcuffs is in 
your bedroom, you'll find it easily.  Before you free yourself, look in 
the mirror.  Assume Positions One and Two.  Look how beautiful you are, 
how alive you look.  Unlock your hands and see what Three does to your 
breasts, how graceful your walk is.  Think about it.  Tonight write a 
letter giving me your decision.  Mail it at the post office early in the 
morning so I'll get it tomorrow.  Now lie back and enjoy yourself.

