
                           Chapter Three

I received your letter.  You seemed to have fun last night.  You 
were probably sore when you woke up this morning.  You over did 
it but you know that by now.  

I will take you for a weekend.  You will not be allowed to make 
a real choice about your slavery until the Saturday following 
the weekend.  You are and will be immersed in new feelings; you 
need to be able to sort them out.

You are not to indulge in any more playing/exploration as you 
did last night.  You are moving too quickly and letting the 
inertia and excitement control you.  You need to think.  I've 
seen women allow themselves to drop into a constant reverie of 
sexually exciting bondage and give up everything and more.  
Within months they were finished.  True, most of them 
overwhelmed their masters who could not keep up with their 
demands and fantasies and allowed them to sink deeper and deeper 
without controls or purpose.  No one could have kept up with 
them in their Never-Never Land.  Reality seldom reared its head 
for them. They gave up all responsibilities, all possessions, 
all control, all decisions and, especially tragic, all sense of 
self.  They did not give up their demands, the demands grew 
until their Masters bound them into boredom or left them 
desolately alone.  Dropping out was easy for them, rising back 
out was difficult, for some impossible.

I will not let you follow them.  You spent about six hours last 
night playing, feeling new things and enjoying it all.  If you 
decide to become a slave to me, you will do so with an 
understanding of the reality of what you are doing and how the 
reality of your slavery will blend with the reality of the 
"outside" world.  You will not be carried off to some ivory 
tower or sprawling manor to live a storybook life.  Yes, I will 
train you and force you to do things you have and have not 
dreamed, you will visit your Never-Never Land for short times, 
you will be able to ignore the outside world for a weekend or a 
week.  But you will always be brought back.

It's too easy to drop out.  You have a life.  It is filled with 
variety, society, knowledge, ability and you.  The feelings you 
are going through reflect the strength you have and the 
pressures you feel through being aware how good you are and how 
much more you could do if the assholes stayed out of your way.  
It's those pressures that were eliminated last night when you 
were acting as a slave.

As my slave you will be required to think and participate in our 
lifestyle.  There is nothing appealing to me (or most other 
Masters) in having a slave that does only what she's told and 
only what she's told.  That slave is a drudge.  She has resigned 
from life and not suitable for much.  You are proud of who you 
are and will continue to be proud as a slave.  You will be 
challenged to act as a slave and to contrive slave behaviors and 
protocols.  We will work together, always being aware of the 
difference between "Oh wow! I wonder what's next." and "Oh yeah? 
Now what?"  Neither of us will be bored.

Meanwhile, slow down.  Think about what you are doing and what 
has happened so far.

I will arrive at the house at 7:00 PM on Friday.  You are to be 
naked and facing the full length mirror in the bedroom, in 
Position One with your hands cuffed in front.  Do not put on the 
cuffs until you hear me come in.  Keep your eyes open and look 
at yourself.  Do not talk to me or acknowledge my presence until 
I speak to you.

You are not to wear the handcuffs until Friday night but you are 
required to move them around the house with you, they are always 
to be lying in plain sight in the same room as you.  Send me the 
handcuff key and a key to your house as soon as you finish 
reading this.

Remember, you can cancel the weekend up until 7:00 PM Friday.  
Once we start you are mine until 11:00 PM Sunday.

