Copyright © 1997,  Baron Darkside.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


(1)  Disclaimer One:  This Is A Work Of Fiction; It Is Not True!
While Some Characters Who Appear In This Story May Be Under The Age Of
Eighteen, They Are Not Abused And No Abuse Is Intended Or Implied (If
You Disagree With My Definition Of Abuse, I'm Sorry).

(2) Disclaimer Two:   If You Are Underage (Under The Age Of Eighteen
(18)), Or In Locations That By Law,  Preclude You From Reading Sexual
Material, You Should Stop Reading This Material Now!!

(3)  Disclaimer Three:  If You Are, Now Or Have Ever Been,  Offended
By Sex, Incest Or Any Other Subject Of A Sexual Nature, Please Avoid
This Story.  (I Would Also Suggest You Seek The Services Of A
Psychologist.

(4)  Disclaimer Four:  This Is For Adults, And Contains Adult Oriented
Material.  If You Are Not An Adult, Either Chronologically, Mentally
Or Sexually, Please Do Not Read Any Further Or You Will Be Offended
(Probably).

(5)  Disclaimer Five:  The Author Of This Story Wishes To Remain
Anonymous, However I Retain All Copy Rights.


INCESTUOUS FANTASIES OF MOTHERS AND SONS

Fantasy Number 41 (Mother's New Found Lover)
A Tale of Incest
by Incestual Dreamer, a Baron of the Darkside

	Susan Meadows, divorced one year earlier, now lived alone with
her seventeen year old son, Justin.  During the year following
the Divorce, Susan had tried dating a couple of times.  But, she
found it was just too soon for her to venture back out into
society with a man in a one on one situation.

	The trauma of the divorce had caused her to withdraw from the
outside world and her entire life was centered on her son,
Justin who had become her close friend and confidant.  She did
maintain a friendship with Gloria, one of her friends at work
who became her only real contact with the outside world.  It was
strange in one way, she thought, she had established such a
secure relationship with her son, she felt comfortable going to
him with almost any type of problem.  He seemed to always there
when she needed him.  It was wonderful to have someone she could
be so open with and not have to worry about saying or doing the
wrong thing.  It was like being married without the sex, she
told herself one day after Justin had helped her solve another
problem that had had her stumped.  It would be nice to have some
sex, too, she thought longingly, but that would come she hoped. 
At least she had someone she could lean on. 

	After several attempts, Gloria finally talked her into going
out with one of Gloria's friends.

	Saturday, the day of her date finally rolled around.  When she
awoke, her  stomach was already turning flip-flops at the
thought of having to go out with a man.  She was having second,
and third thoughts about agreeing to such foolhardiness. 
Rolling out of bed, she was on the verge of calling up Gloria
and canceling the date, but finally decided against it.

	Time seemed to fly by and before she knew it, it was time to
start getting dressed. 

	Going up to her room, she locked her door and started going
through her closet searching for just the right ensemble to wear
on her date. It seemed to take her hours to select the
appropriate outfit, but she finally chose a soft, clinging dress
of  red velvet that would properly display off her considerable
assets.

	The dress was short enough to show off her long, beautifully
curved legs but at the same time it wasn't too short to seem
risqu_.  It was cut low enough to reveal a vast expanse of
cleavage allowing her to flaunt the obvious magnificence of her
impressive bosom.  That decision made, she now had to choose
matching underwear.  This was her first date in months and she
doubted that they would reach a stage of intimacy that would
disclose her choice, however one never could tell, she thought. 
Another twenty minutes elapsed as she dug through her
chest-of-drawers.  Finally succumbing to time restraints, she
chose a matching set of panties, a brassiere and a garter belt
and tossed them on the bed beside her dress.

	As she stood looking down at her choice of apparel, she
realized that she had butterflies the size of elephants flying
around in her stomach.  Maybe it would be best to call it off,
she thought.  Then, thinking that a shower might quiet her, she
hurried into her bathroom and turned on the shower. 

	Stepping under the hot, stinging spray, she let the needles of
water dance over her body as she thought about how long it had
been since she had been with a man.  Looking down at her body,
she was proud of what she saw.  Her breasts, big and soft were a
little droopy, but remained amazingly resilient for a woman who
was over forty.  It was funny, she thought, that she couldn't
even admit to herself that she was over forty-five.  Running her
hands over the soft firmness of her large, jutting breast, she
confidentially lifted them and fondled them for a while. With
age, her breasts had shrunk down from forty-two Ds to a forty C,
but they could still turn eyes whenever she wanted to show them
off.  Finally she moved her hands away from her magnificent
breasts and ran them down over her firm, flat stomach.  She
exercised faithfully and her hard, flat belly had only a small
insignificant little paunch that she felt was sexy and not
unattractive.  Letting her hand slip down further, she ran her
fingers through her soft, silky pubic hair covering her
underbelly.  Searching through the tawny, brown fur, she found
her sensitive little clitoris sticking out, begging for
attention. It had been too long since she had sex. She hadn't
even masturbated recently and she was afraid to touch herself
too much or she would have a quick orgasm.  She didn't want for
that to happen, she thought, but maybe on the other hand it
might take the edge of her nervousness.

	Deciding against bringing herself to an orgasm, she ran her
hands down her long, silky legs, letting them slide over the
beautifully shaped curves all the way down to her dainty little
feet.  Pleased with her appearance, she hurriedly soaped up and
washed herself from top to bottom.  After she had her beautiful
body covered with lather, she stepped under the water and rinsed
herself off.  After letting the warm water cascade down over her
for several moments, she finally bent down and turned off the
water.  Stepping out of the shower, she grabbed a towel and
proceeded to dry herself.  Glancing down at her watch, she saw
that she needed to hurry and tripped back into her bedroom and
went about dressing.

	Bending down, sending her big, soft breasts into paroxysms of
jiggling, wiggling dances, she picked up her panties and quickly
pulled them up her long, statuesque legs.  Tugging on the high
cut panties, she was satisfied with the way they covered her
womanhood with their soft sheerness.  Watching her breasts
jiggle and wiggle sexily in the mirror, she reached down to her
brassiere.  She had briefly thought about going braless, but
begrudgingly conceded that no matter how uncomfortable a
brassiere was, she had to wear one.  Her breasts were just too
large and heavy for the dress to support alone. Reluctantly
picking up the brassiere, she slipped it on backwards with the
cups in the back.  Fastening the clasp of the brassiere, she
quickly spun the brassiere around until it was properly
positioned with the cups under her big, swollen breasts.  
Pulling frilly cups up over the soft, pliant mounds of  flesh,
she slipped her arms through the shoulder straps.  Then with
another soft tug, she forced the bra up even farther, pleased
with the way it pushed her big, soft breasts together creating a
deep, inciting chasm between her mountainous breasts.  A few
more pokes and prods and she had her breasts settled into the
frilly brassiere.  She could imagine her date's surprise and
delight, if he knew that she wore a garter under her revealing
semi-mini-skirt.  Quickly wrapping the belt around her taut,
firm belly, she fastened it and dangled the short straps down
her long bare legs.  Picking a pair of hose with a tiny, almost
indiscernible pattern, she hurried about pulling them on. 
Pulling the thin, smooth hose up, she fastened them to her
garter in the front and rear. Shortly, she stood before the
mirror wearing her brassiere, panties, garter and hose.  Quiet
sexy, she thought to herself as she strode over to the bed and
picked up her dress.  Slipping it over her head, she let it fall
down over her body, covering her risqu_ underwear. Tugging it
down, pushing and poking a little here and a little there, she
was pleased with the way the dress fit her.  Looking at herself
in the mirror, she turned around and saw that her pert little
butt stuck out proudly, proclaiming her sexuality to the world. 
Turning back around, she looked into the mirror and saw that her
bosom was provocatively displayed showing off most of her huge,
billowing breasts. Maybe she was displaying too much breast, she
thought, but defiantly decided against changing.

	Finally, slipping her small feet into a tall pair of stiletto
high heels, she was ready.

	She quickly gave her long, tawny hair a few strokes with a
brush, fluffing and patting it into place.  Then picking up her
perfume atomizer, she sprayed perfume behind her ears and down
the deep crack of her cleavage.  Stepping back, she examined
herself in the mirror.

	Satisfied, she took a deep breath and left her room. Going down
the stairs, she looked down and saw that her breasts, even
though tightly confined, jiggled nicely as she stepped down the
stairs.  Stepping off the stairs, she went to the hall closet
and pulled out a sweater.  Draping it over her shoulders, she
still felt as jittery as a cat in a rocking chair factory and
was seriously thinking about calling off her date.  Deciding
that she would call Gloria for support, she stepped into the
kitchen and reached for the phone. 

	"Wow, Mom, you look great," Justin exclaimed from the table.

	"What, uh, oh, Justin," she said, surprised to see her son in
the kitchen, "I didn't know that you were down here."

	"Just having something to eat," he grinned at her, his eyes
moving up and down her body.

	She felt uncomfortable about the way his eyes roamed over her
body, but she couldn't really blame him.  She was rather
provocatively dressed after all.

	"Who's the lucky guy?" he asked her.

	"Some guy named Anthony.  Gloria's friend," she whined, "but I
don't know, I'm thinking about calling up and telling Gloria
that I have a headache.  I'm really afraid to go out with
someone I don't even know."

	"Aw, Come on, Mom," Justin urged her on, "You need to go out
and have some fun.  You're a beautiful woman and any man would
be thrilled to have a date with you."

	"You really think so," she asked him, feeling his reassurance
give her ego a much needed lift. 

	"There is no doubt in my mind," he said emphatically, "Unless
he is crazy."

	"Oh, I just don't know if I've got the courage," she blubbered,
her confidence still shaky after her divorce. 

	"Well, if you don't want to go out with someone you don't
know," he said, standing up and walking over to her, "I'll go
out with you."

	"You mean that you wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with an old
lady like me?" she asked coyly.

	"Ashamed.  Did you say ashamed," he asked incredulously,
wrapping his arms around her and giving her a gentle hug, "I'd
be the envy of the town."

	"Even if I'm your Mom?" she laughed softly, feeling safe and
sheltered in his arms.

	"Even if you're my Mom," he grinned, stepping back away from
her, "And the best looking Mom in the world, I might add."

	"You really think so," she halfheartedly queried him.

	"Trust me on this one, Mom," he proclaimed proudly, "You are a
very beautiful woman."

	"Thank you so much," she told him, giving him a soft, gentle
kiss on the cheek, "You make me feel so good.  Just talking to
you is, is, uh, wonderful.  Knowing I have your support means so
much to me.  You'll never know how much."

	"Well, you have it," he announced, sitting back down.

	Just then they heard the door bell ring.

	"That must be Gloria and the guys," she said, feeling the knot
in her stomach tighten again.

	Striding to the door, she turned and spoke to him. "I don't
know what time I will be home tonight, but it might be late, so
don't wait up for me, Okay."

	"Sure, Mom," he chuckled knowingly, "Have fun, but not too
much, if you know what I mean."

	"Oh, Shush," she chided him as she opened the door, "And Thanks
again."

	"Well, Hello," the man at the door said as she opened it.

	"Hello," Susan returned, seeing that her date was a good
looking man about her age.

	Maybe it will be a fun night after all, she thought as she took
his hand and  strolled out to the car with him.

	Susan, Gloria, Anthony, and Carl spent the evening dining,
dancing and boozing at the Outback. It was around one-thirty
before they finally staggered out to the car.  Carl, the
soberest of the group, was elected to drive home.  Gloria
crawled in beside him as Susan and Anthony flopped into the back
seat.  Carl made no effort to start the car and pulled Gloria to
him.  Susan watched drunkenly as the other couple began to kiss
and paw each other.

	Susan knew that she was drunk, but so was everyone else so
watching Carl and Gloria rollicking the front seat didn't seem
to matter that much. Feeling slightly aroused by watching Gloria
and Carl kiss, she felt Anthony's hand on her thigh.  She was
excited and pleased that he was making a move on her, but for
some reason, she felt she should make some effort to dissuade
him.  But, before she could react on her premonition, she felt
him slip his arm around her. Then, to her dismay, she felt his
hand slip up under her skirt and she started to protest.   But
she was unable to as he pulled her to him and mashed his lips
against her, forcing his tongue into her mouth.  In a feeble
attempt to fend him off, she reached down to push his hand out
from under her skirt, but in her drunken state, she misjudged
and her hand plunged into his lap.  A jolt of excitement flashed
through her as her hand brushed up against his hardness jutting
up under his pants. Her inhibitions had been weakened by the
gallons of booze it seemed she had consumed and instead of
jerking her hand away from him, she gently squeezed the bulge in
his  pants.  As she did, she felt his other hand slip down into
the bosom of he dress and grab her breast. Feeling flustered by
the attention she was receiving as he pawed her breast, she did
nothing to stop his other hand as it slowly inched its way up
her thigh.  Caught up in the passion of the moment, she gave his
rigid maleness another squeeze and began to tease his hardness
through his pants.

	Basking in the glow of an unaccustomed passion, she reveled at
the power she had over him as she felt him shudder.  Her
breathing was coming faster as she toyed with him through his
pants.  Then not believing what she was doing, she began to
search for his zipper as she felt his fingers find the frilly
hem of her panties.  Suddenly, she held her breath as she felt
his fingers ease under the bottom hem of her panties.  She could
feel his fingers probing closer and closer to her seeping
womanhood when at last, she found the hasp of his zipper. 
Grasping the zipper tab, she quickly unzipped his pants and
spread his pants open.  Then, just as his fingers brushed over
her tingling clitoris, she thrust her hand down into his pants.
Struggling to find the opening in his shorts, she nearly fainted
as his hot, probing fingers toyed with her throbbing clitoris. 
At last, she finally discovered the reinforced opening of his
shorts and slipped her hand inside it.  Both of them were highly
aroused and she could feel Anthony's obvious urgency as she
grasped his thick, hard cock in her hand.  Then, tightly holding
onto his cock, she tugged on him and extricated his rigid
manhood out of his shorts, pulling it out into the open.

	Then he broke their kiss long enough to whisper as she began to
stroke him.

	"Oh, My, God."

	As she gently ran her hand up and down his rock hard cock, she
felt his fingers leave her clitoris and slowly move down to her
drooling vagina.  Deliberately, she spread her legs apart as she
felt his thick, hot fingers probe the wet, stickiness of her
aching womanhood. As she ran her hand up and down his thick,
pulsating maleness, she felt him run his fingers around her
dripping femininity softly probing and exploring the soft flesh
surrounding her wetness.  Then, suddenly, he slowly eased one
finger into her hot, clenching pussy.

	"Oh, That feels good," she whispered softly and felt him slide
a second finger into her, "That, too."

	As she gently masturbated him, he tenderly slid his fingers in
and out of her sopping slit.  Kissing and fondling each other,
both of them felt their passion rising.  Then suddenly, they
heard Carl groan. Pausing for a moment, they looked up to see
Gloria's head rise up from Carl's lap.  They both saw the dim
light glistening from the wetness of Gloria's lips as she leaned
over and gently kissed Carl's cheek. Realizing that Gloria had
just sucked Carl off, Susan became so excited she felt dizzy.

	Then as they resumed their own touching and stroking, they
heard Carl start the car.  They didn't stop even as they felt
the car pull out of the parking lot.  They renewed their petting
with a heightened sense of urgency as the car bounced along. 
Susan's hand was now roughly lurching up and down Anthony's
jutting manhood while his fingers wildly slashed in and out of
her weeping gash.  She could feel herself growing feverish with
desire for the real thing as Anthony's fingers slithered in and
out of her.  As if it would compensate for absence of his cock
inside her, she roughly beat his meat with her hand.  As she
did, she could feel his breath coming faster and faster as he
grew more and more excited.  Gently nipping his ear, she felt
him groan as his cock swelled and suddenly jerked in her hand. 
Realizing that he was cumming, she thrust her other hand down
over his spurting cock to keep it from spurting his semen out
all over both of them.  Her hands were soon coated with his hot,
sticky cum as she felt his cock jump, spit over and over again. 
She could feel the wicked heat of his thick, creamy cum running
down and covering her hands as time after time, his cock spewed
out gusher after gusher of the sticky, hot semen.

	At last, she felt his cock give one final feeble little lurch
and begin to shrivel and shrink.  As his cock began to wither,
she felt him slowly ease his fingers out of her sopping pussy. 
Releasing his cock, she watched as he stuffed it back into his
pants as gently as he could. 

	"God, I'm shorry," he whispered drunkenly as she wiped her hand
on his pants.

	"That's shokay," she returned, unable to enunciate clearly
either.

	"I cunt stop t," he groaned softly.



"That's shokay," she told him again, "Don wrry bout it."

	Then all at once, the car stopped and Susan saw that they were
at her house.  Glancing down to see if her dress was covering
her, she saw that Anthony's pants were coated with his
discharge.  She started to laugh at the absurdness of it all,
but held it back. Hoping that her clothes were properly 
arranged, she reached for the door lock.

	Struggling with it drunkenly, it took several moments, but she
finally unlocked it and pushed it open.  Picking up her purse,
she leaned over and gave Anthony a kiss on the cheek.

	"Latr, Antony," she mumbled drunkenly as she stumbled out of
the car, "I had fn."

	"Wnt me wak to yr dr," he asked her, still trying to zip his
pants back up.

	"Naw, I'm fn," she muttered.

	"You two okay," Gloria asked from the front seat.

	"Shure," Susan told her as she wobbled out of the car and
nearly fell on her face, "Had fn, see yu latr."

"Are you sure you're okay?" Gloria asked as she watched Susan
reel up the sidewalk to her house.

	Susan didn't hear her and continued to stagger up the sidewalk
chuckling softly to herself.  At last she made it to the door,
and stopped.  Leaning against it, Susan waved at the car.
Reaching into her purse, it took her forever to find her keys,
but she finally did. Then unlocking the door, she pushed it open
and with a final wave, watched the car slowly roll down the
street leaving her standing just outside her door.

	Stumbling inside, she closed the door behind her and lurched
herself across the room.  Stumbling several times, she was
finally able to make it up the stairs.  Standing at the top of
the stairs, she couldn't believe she had let herself get so
drunk.  Thankfully, she had made it home and now all she had to
do was make it to her bedroom. Staggering down the hall, she
found the first open door and weaved into the room.  Tottering
over to the bed, she laid her purse on the nightstand and fell
back onto the bed and was asleep almost by the time her head hit
the pillow.

	Justin was suddenly jarred awake from a dead sleep.  Something
or someone had just come crashing down on his bed.  For a few
moments, he didn't know what to do.  At last he got a whiff of
his mother's erotic perfume and realized she had mistakenly
gotten into his bedroom. Sitting up, he cautiously reached over
and gently touched her.  Then he got a whiff of her breath and
knew that she was drunk.  Feeling for her shoulder to shake her
awake, his hand brushed over her soft, yielding breast and he
felt a fiery tingle of sexual excitement course through his
body.   Alarmed at his reaction toward her, he quickly moved his
hand up to her shoulder and gently shook her.  Getting no
response, she shook her shoulder harder.  Even after four or
five times, he still got no reaction.  

	Carefully, he slowly got up out of his bed and turned his
night-light on.  Looking down, he saw that his mother must have
mistaken his room for hers.  She still had all of her clothes
on, but she was dead to the world.  Walking around to the side
of the bed where she lay, he stood looking down at her for
several moments.  Abruptly, he realized that he was naked and
his cock was hanging down , thick and heavy. Shamefully, he
walked over to his bathroom and grabbed a towel. Wrapping it
around his waist, he hid his semi-erect manhood.  Somehow, he
had to get his mother into her bed.  If he didn't, she would be
mortified in the morning.

	Taking a deep breath, he leaned down and slipped one hand under
her neck and another under the back of her knees. Straining, he
struggled to lift her up into his arms.  As he lifted her, she
squirmed and mumbled something unintelligible but still didn't
wake up.  Turning, with her in his arms, he stumbled out of his
room and down the hall. As he reeled down the hallway, grunting
with effort, he felt the towel wrapped around his waist come
undone and fall to the floor.  He nearly tripped over it as it
fell to the floor, but he was having enough trouble carrying his
mother and didn't stop.  At last, he staggered into her room as
her arms and legs flailed about lifelessly. Careening across the
room, he made it to her bed and as gently as he could, deposited
her onto it.

	Standing up, he reached behind himself and rubbed his back. 
Carrying his mother down the hallway had been hard work and now
his back ached from the exertion.  At last, he reached over and
flicked on her night light.  Standing by her bed, he looked down
at her,  He saw that her dress had ridden all the way up and now
he could see the frilly hem of her panties.  Inexplicably, he
felt another spark of excitement surge through his genitals.
Then, appalled, he found himself wanting to take her clothes
off. 

	He couldn't understand what had come over him.  He had never
even dreamed of seeing his mother naked, but now, for some
unknown reason, he found himself struggling with an overpowering
urge to see her that way.  Ashamed of himself, he turned and
started to leave her room, but as he started to move, he felt
his big cock slap against his thigh. Looking down, he saw that
his penis was rapidly swelling into hardness.  Stopping, torn
between leaving and staying, he turned and looked back at his
mother lying on her bed.  She was so beautiful and vulnerable,
as she lay there, he found himself being drawn back to her.  He
was powerless to stop himself as he slowly plodded back toward
the bed.

	Stopping by her bed, he looked down on her adoringly.  Feeling
as if he was possessed by some ungodly devil, he couldn't stop
himself.  He reached down and slowly eased the shoulder straps
of her dress down off the soft, rounded slope of her shoulders. 
His heart was in his throat as he gently tugged the red velvet
straps down the soft velvety skin of her arms.  The straps
slipped halfway down her soft, smooth arm before the material
tightened around her arm and would move no further.  Knowing her
dress wouldn't go any farther without being unzipped, he stood
trying to fight off the evil demon that was driving him do this.
 

	What if she woke up and caught him, he wondered.  He could say
that she looked uncomfortable and he was just trying to make her
more comfortable.  He knew that if he unzipped her dress, he
wouldn't be able to stop until she was naked.

	Then with a fatalistic shudder, he reached down and gently
rolled her over onto her stomach.  As he did, his heart almost
stopped when she murmured and stirred momentarily.  But, much to
his relief, she quickly fell back to sleep once again.

	Feeling himself start to sweat, he cautiously sat down on the
bed beside her.  Tentatively, still not understanding what it
was that was driving him to perform this macabre deed,  he
reached out and took hold of her zipper tab of her dress. 
Grasping it between his thumb and finger, he gingerly eased it
down her long, smooth back watching with wonder and admiration
as the material slowly parted, revealing the soft, smooth skin
below it.  As he pulled the zipper farther and farther down her
body, he felt the spit in his mouth turn to cotton as he tried
to swallow.  Then abruptly, the zipper reached the end of its
path.  Stopping, he stared down at her back and saw that her
too-tight brassiere was digging into the flawless softness of
her flesh.  Ever so slowly, he reached down to the clasp that
held her brassiere together.  With fingers of clay, he clumsily
struggled to unfasten her brassiere.  It seemed to him to take
forever to finally unsnap the dastardly catch holding her
brassiere secured to her upper torso.  It seemed to be designed
to frustrate him, but he ultimately succeeded in unlocking it. 
Then pausing again for several moments, he waited before
proceeding.  Then, as delicately as possible, he carefully
turned his mother back over onto her back.  As before, she
mumbled something and stirred for a moment, but quickly slipped
back into unconsciousness.

	Pausing for a moment, Justin glanced down at himself.  He
couldn't believe how hard his penis was.  It was so hard, it
actually ached as it jutted up at least ten inches into the air.
 Finally looking away from the evil, bloated monstrosity jutting
up out of his groin, he returned to removing her dress.  Slowly,
he began to ease the shoulder straps down his mother' arms once
again. Enraptured, he watched as the soft, clinging material
magically fell away from her exquisite bosom as he slipped the
straps down her arms. Once the straps had cleared her arms, he
dropped them and feverishly took hold of the top of her dress. 
Taking one final, deep breath, he began to  purposefully tug her
dress down.  The soft, velvet material slowly crept down off her
magnificent breast, still covered with the sheer, laciness of
her brassiere. Once clear of her mountainous breasts, he
continued to inch the dress down until he found the lacy
sheerness of his mother's panties and garter belt.  Stopping, he
tried to swallow but found his mouth so dry that he couldn't
swallow.  Then with a finality he couldn't believe, he pulled
her dress slowly down her long, silky legs until at last it
slipped off over her feet. Awkwardly, he folded the dress and
laid it down at the foot of her bed. 

	Turning back to her, he finally had a true appreciation for her
elegant beauty.  He sat for at least a minute, just drinking in
her incomparable beauty.  In his eyes, she was the most
beautiful woman he had ever seen.  Why hadn't he seen this
before, he wondered to himself as he gently ran his hand down
one of her long, elegant legs encased in the silky smoothness of
her hose.  

	Reaching up, he anxiously lifted the soft, lacy sheerness of
her brassiere up off her mountainous breasts.  Their grandeur
nearly took his breath away.  Still staring at the flattened
works of art, pressed down by their weight and size, he solemnly
laid her bra atop her dress.  He continued to stare down at the
big beautiful mountains of soft, smooth pink flesh.  Each big
breast was topped with a cup of darker pink flesh with a pebbled
texture and a big, round nipple jutting out proudly from its
center.   Fighting the urge to reach down and squeeze the
magnificent peaks of perfection, he instead reached down to her
garter belt. Anxiously digging under the firm muscles of the
back of her leg, he managed to tug it out from under the cheeks
of her ass.  His fingers feeling as big and awkward as baseball
bats, he slowly pulled the garter belt down, still fastened to
the sheer hose. Glancing up at his mother's face, he saw that
she still slept.  Barely able to breathe himself, he began to
pull her garter and hose down her long, magnificent legs.  He
pulled the film of nylon and laciness of her garter down her
thigh, over her softly rounded knee and then across the sweeping
swell of her calf.  At last, he slipped the filmy gauze off over
her feet.  Once removed, he let the shimmering transparencies
and lacy frills float down onto the top her other clothes. 

	At last she lay before him with only her panties protecting her
from total nudity.  He suddenly became aware that he was
sweating profusely and could scarcely breathe as he stared down
at her.  Catching his breath as best he could, he warily reached
out and delicately slipped his fingers under the lacy waistband
of her sheer, high-cut panties. Then feeling his heart
threatening to explode, he began to ease the feathery lightness
of her panties down off her flat, hard stomach. Inch by inch,
their sheer transparency slipped farther and farther down,
revealing more and more of the luxuriant forest of soft, curly
pubic hairs underneath it.  The mat of kinky, brown hair thickly
covered her soft, vulnerable underbelly hiding her secret place
from him.  It was almost more than he could stand as he
continued to pull her fluffy light panties down her long,
curving legs.  At last, they slipped down off her hips.  Now the
lush growth of pussy fluff that covered her womanhood was
clearly visible.

	Gasping like an asthmatic, he stopped and delicately pushed her
legs apart just a tiny bit.  Wanting to spread her legs apart
wider, he stopped himself and started pulling her panties down. 
Then with a fiery shock,  he saw the crotch of her panties wetly
sticking to her woman-place.  Just the idea of his mother being
wet in that place was enough to make him almost loose control
and shoot off.  He couldn't believe how totally erotic and
wicked it was to see her place so wet that it had completely
soaked through her panties.  My God, he thought, she must be
having a wet dream.  Then with an overpowering urgency to see
her vagina, he roughly tugged her panties down her legs and off
over her feet.  Tossing the panties atop the other clothes, he
anxiously stared down between his mother's legs.  Although she
was now naked, her womanhood was still concealed by her lush
forest of pubic hairs. Staring hard, Justin thought he could
vaguely make out the wet cleft of pink flesh sparkling through
her hair in the dim light. Then he felt an evil impulse come
over him, and he couldn't fight the dark urge to see her vagina
completely exposed.

	Bending down over her, he took hold of her thighs and ever so
slowly began to force her legs farther and farther apart.  As he
did, the soft pinkness in between her legs became more and more
visible as her womanhood slowly blossomed open like the petals
of a beautiful pink flower.  Then all at once, he saw the soft,
pink folds of her vaginal lips gape open, unmasking his mother's
most sacred of places. Spellbound, he stared down into the soft,
glistening wetness of her gaping vagina for what seemed like
hours.  Then as he continued to gape at her ripe wetness, he
suddenly felt as sharp pain lance through his balls.  Groaning,
he tore his eyes away from her sinful wickedness just in time to
avert a disastrous eruption.  Trying to think of something else
for a moment, he found his eyes immediately drawn back to the
gleaming wetness of her soft womanhood lying before him. He
suddenly had an overpowering urge to touch the shocking beauty
of her deep, seeping love wound.  His mind and body had been
taken over by some wicked demon and there was nothing he could
do could stop the impulse.  He knew that he would go to hell for
doing it, but not even the threat of being plunged into a lake
of everlasting fire brimstone could stop him.  Justin slowly
reached down to his mother's obscenely exposed vagina.  Closer
and closer he came, until at last he felt a flash of electricity
shoot up his arm, paralyzing it as his finger finally touched
the soft, pouting wetness of her beautiful womanhood. Straining
to keep from spurting his boiling seed out into the air, he
fought to move his arm but couldn't.  He was paralyzed for
several moments as wicked, evil thoughts churned through his
mind.  Finally, the feeling returned to his hand and he slowly
ran his finger around the soft, smoothness of the fleshy lips
surrounding her fiery slit. Unknown to Justin, his mother was
dreaming that she was being chased by a giant cock and it had
finally caught her.  Waiting fearfully, she watched the gigantic
prick slowly ease itself up to her pussy.  Then suddenly, she
felt it touch her.  

	Overcome by excitement, Justin gently explored the hot,
dripping opening of her vagina with his finger.

	Susan could feel the giant penis slowly working its way around
the fleshy opening of her aching vagina as she waited
breathlessly for it to enter her.

	Finally, Justin slowly slid his long, thick middle finger down
into the hot, clinging wetness of his mother's slavering love
wound. Susan suddenly felt the great penis slide into the hot,
itching channel of her vagina.  The touch felt so real, she
didn't know if it was a dream or real and found herself
struggling toward consciousness. Seeing his mother stir and her
eyes trying to flicker open, Justin quickly jumped up and
reached for the switch to the night-light. Groggily opening her
eyes, Susan was shocked to see a man standing by her bed.  She
didn't see his face as her eyes were instantly drawn down to his
gigantic penis jutting out at her.  She had never seen a penis
so large and powerful.  Then just as she was just lifting her
eyes up to look at his face the room was suddenly plunged into
darkness.


Part 2



	She hadn't had time to see who it was that owned such a
beautiful monster.

	Justin saw his mother's eyes open just as he touched the light
switch. Her eyes had immediately gone down to his penis and then
started up his body just as he flipped the switch.  He was
afraid to move.  He hoped that she hadn't seen his face, but
there was no way he could know.

	The lights had gone out too quickly.  Susan hadn't had a chance
to see whom it was standing by her bed.  Trying to part the
drunken fog she found herself in, she could only remember that
she had been out with Gloria's friend.  She couldn't even
remember his name now.  The real scary part was how had he
gotten into her room.  She didn't remember inviting him into the
 house and for some reason she vaguely thought his penis was
much smaller than the colossus she had just seen.  Maybe she was
just so drunk, she had forgotten about inviting him into her
house and as horny as she was it didn't surprise her. Whatever,
she decided, she wasn't going to pass up a chance to have his
big, beautiful cock inside of her aching pussy. 

	Blindly, she groped out for the giant man-thing that had been
pointed at her when the lights went out.

	Afraid to move, Justin stood still as he heard his mother's bed
creak. Paralyzed with fear and shame, he stood by her bed hoping
that she would go back to sleep. What would she do if she caught
him in her room?

	Then without warning, he felt something brush against his
jutting manhood.  Before he had a chance to react, he suddenly
felt his throbbing cock grabbed by his mother's hot, clenching
hand.  He felt like he had just been doused with a blast of icy
cold water as he realized his mother had her hand wrapped around
his throbbing penis.  "Oh, Please make love to me," she gushed,
pulling on his giant cock. Justin felt like his heart would stop
beating at any second as his mother impatiently pulled on his
painful manhood.  Cursing himself for getting into such a
predicament, he didn't know what to do.  She must not have seen
his face, he thought as he wondered how to get out of the
dilemma he had gotten himself into. 

	"Please, make love to me, please," he heard his mother beg
again as he stood by the bed, paralyzed with fear and indecision
while she continued to pull on his cock.

	How could he live with himself if he did what she wanted, he
thought as he heard the bed creak again.

	Then he gasped in disbelief as he felt his mother wrap both
hands around his bounding maleness.  He couldn't let it happen,
he thought. Somehow he had to stop her.

	Then, his mind went numb with shock as he felt his cock being
enveloped in his mother's hot, wet, sucking mouth.

	There was no way he could stop the gigantic gusher of thick,
hot cum that came shooting up from his balls and spewing out
into her mouth. "UNHGGGGRRPPPPHHHHHH," he growled, trying to
disguise his voice as much as he could under the circumstances. 
Then another spasm of pleasure tore through his cock as it
jerked wildly and sent another great geyser of his thick,
virulent boy-cream into his mother's hot, slurping mouth.  

	It felt to him like she was sucking his life's essence out
through his cock as she sucked on him harder and harder.  As she
sucked, his cock lurched and jerked again and again, spurting
gusher after gusher of his heavy, egg-laden semen into her
mouth.  It came pouring out of him like water out of a broken
water main.  Ten times it jumped and erupted, then fifteen, then
twenty.  He couldn't make it stop as it continued to buck and
spit out his life's cream.

	Then, at last when it felt like she was going to suck his balls
inside out, he finally stopped cumming in her mouth.

	Having taken every drop of the thick, viscid cum that had
poured out of the man's huge cock, Susan quickly moved her head
back.  Letting the giant cock slip out of her mouth, she laid
back down and spread her legs apart.  Reaching out, she dug her
long, sharp fingernails into the man's back and pulled him down
on top of her.

	"Hurry, put it in me and we'll make it hard again," she cooed
to him, not knowing that her son had just emptied his balls into
her mouth. Still weak from his orgasm, Justin couldn't stop
himself from falling on top of his mother as she pulled him down
onto her.  Even as he fell, he felt his mother urgently guiding
his shrinking manhood down to the hot, weeping  gash between her
legs.  Powerless to stop himself now, he gave up any hope of
escaping and struggled up to his hands and knees over her. 
Crawling up between her outstretched legs, he could feel her
urgency as he let her lead them down the fiery path to their
doom.  It seemed to take all night for her to guide his cockhead
down to her waiting vagina.  But at last, he felt his
hypersensitive cockhead slip down into the hot, drooling wetness
of her gaping love pit.

	"Oh, God,  you're huge," she moaned as she felt his massive
cock knifing down into her pussy.  Unknowingly, she let her
son's great, dense man-weapon slowly penetrate the hot, clinging
wetness of her vagina, spreading and stretching her to her
limit.  She couldn't believe how big the monster was as it cut
deeper and deeper into her aching love wound.  Then, just when
she felt like her cunt would burst, she felt the man's hairy
belly grind up against her belly as his hot, dangling balls
slapped against her upturned butt.

	"Oh, you've filled me to the brim with your huge, wonderful
wand," she gushed appreciatively.

	Although his cock had started to shrink immediately after he
had cum in her mouth, it was now rapidly regenerating itself. 

	"Oh, My God," she gasped as she felt him growing larger inside
her, "you're getting bigger and harder."

	After a few moments, Justin felt his giant cock had regained
most of it hardness and he slowly withdrew it from his mother's
hot, slavering scabbard.  Then he began to fuck her with long,
deep strokes.

	"Oh, Yes,  Oh, Yes, I Love it," she muttered as she lifted her
long, shapely legs up, making herself even more vulnerable to
the deep, plunging thrusts of his cock, "Oh, Yes, Baby, Fuck me
like that."

	She could feel the man's ripeness growing harder inside of her
as they fucked.  Even in her drunken state, she felt herself
being quickly whisked along the path toward an unbelievable
climax.  Never had she felt a penis fit her to such perfection. 
It was as if it had been designed specifically for her vagina. 
Although it was huge, it fit her perfectly.  She couldn't have
designed one that fit her more exquisitely.

	Needing to feel the ethereal rush of pleasure that she knew
would come with her orgasm, she dug her heels into the man's
bounding ass, urging him to fuck her harder and faster.  

	Justin responded to her coaxing and began to drive his revived
hardness into her deeper and faster with each stroke.

	"Oh, Yes, Oh, Yes, Oh, Yes, Oh, Yes," she panted as he
continued to pound his cock into the sopping heat of her wet,
slippery pit.

	Both of them could feel the impending implosion of pleasure as
it grew closer and closer. 

	Suddenly, it was on them like a beast of the jungle attacking
its prey.

	"Oh, FUCK, I'M CUMMMMIIIINNNNN," she groaned as her body began
to writhe and shake underneath her son.

	But even as she shuddered and shivered under him, he felt his
cock lurch and send out a huge, gelantious spurt of his
white-hot cum deep inside her burning socket.

	Wrapping her arms around him, she ground her pussy up into his
thrusting belly, taking every last bit of his spurting maleness
into her pussy.

	"Oh, Give, It, All, To, Me, Oh, Yes,"  she whispered, nibbling
on his ear at the same time. 

	Trying to please her, he drove his cock into her again and
again, each time releasing another geyser of his white-hot cum
deep inside her clenching cunt.

	It seemed like they had been climaxing for an hour, but at last
the final ecstatic tingle coursed through their bodies
announcing the end of their orgasms.

	Unable to hold himself up, Justin tried to roll off her, but
instead flopped down half on and half off her with his cock
still imbedded inside her.

	The alcohol in her system suddenly took over once again and
within moments, she was fast asleep again.

	She was so far gone this time, she didn't even feel her son
slowly pull his shrunken, drained manhood out of her sopping
cunt.  Nor did she see him slink out of the room like a beaten
puppy.  

	Skulking down to his room filled with shame, he stepped into
his room and closed the door.  Filled with disgust and repulsion
for what he had just done, he went into his bathroom and turned
on his light. Looking at himself in the mirror, he was surprised
that his looks hadn't changed.  He was so ashamed of what he had
done, he thought that he would see some difference in his
appearance.  After all, now he was a mother-fucker.  But the boy
staring back at him, looked the same as he always had.

	Maybe he had dreamed it, he thought until he looked down at his
dangling cock.  It was still wet with her juices and a tiny
little dribble of cum dangled from the head of his cock. 
Apparently the remains of their love-making.  How could he have
done what he did, he asked himself as he grabbed a towel and
tried to wipe all the evidence of their sin from his shrunken
cock..  It seemed to take forever, but finally  his cock showed
no signs of their indiscretion.   After cleaning himself up, he
trudged back to his bed and laid down. Lying there, remembering
what it had been like to make love to his mother, he thought he
would never be able to go to sleep.  But finally, exhaustion won
out and he fell asleep again.

	It was almost nine o'clock before Susan woke up the next
morning.  The instant she woke, she knew that she had not been
an angel the night before.  Her head ached and her mouth felt
like someone had been walking in it in a pair of combat boots. 
Running her tongue around inside her mouth, she suddenly became
aware of the lingering taste of semen mixed in with the awful
taste of leftover booze.  Opening her eyes, she slowly turned
her head to see if there was anyone in bed with her.  Thankfully
there wasn't.  Lying there, she tried to think back to the
events of the previous night, but she could only vaguely
remember bits and pieces of what had happened.

	She had some indistinct memory of masturbating Anthony in the
back seat of someone's car.  But why would she have semen in her
mouth, she didn't remember sucking him.  It didn't make sense.
Then as she moved, she felt the sticky, clinging remains of
man's deposit covering her groin.  Then she had a strange
feeling inside of her vagina.  It felt as if she had been
stretched her to the limit.  It was quite obvious that she had
made love to someone the night before, but she couldn't remember
who it was. 

	Then she dimly remembered a man in her bedroom.  She could
remember the man had a huge penis and she had sucked him off. 
That was how she got the semen in her mouth.  Then they had made
love.  She couldn't believe that she had been so drunk that she
had invited a man into the house while Justin had been there. 
How stupid could she be?  What if he had caught her in the act,
she shuddered.  She must be more careful in the future, she
thought as she groggily sat up.  Sitting on the edge of the bed
wishing she hadn't drunk so much the night before, she saw her
clothes lying on the foot of her bed.

	Someone had taken the time to fold them neatly and put them in
a neat stack on her bed.  The whole thing was getting stranger
by the minute, she thought as she cursed her lack of memory. 
Finally, after a few more moments of unsuccessful memory
searching, she shook her head and struggled to her feet. 
Looking around for more clues, she didn't see any more
surprises.  Her head throbbing painfully made her trip into the
bathroom seem to take forever..

	Some of her memory returned and she remembered that it was
Sunday. Then she recalled that she had several errands to run. 
Trying to shake her headache, she took a couple of aspirins and
stepped into the shower.

	After dressing, she hurried down to Justin's room to tell him
that she had to go out.  Seeing his door ajar, she peeked inside
and was shocked to find him lying on his bed naked. Starting to
step back in shock, she saw his eyes were closed and realized
that he was still asleep.

	Stopping for a moment, she looked back into his room.  Knowing
that it was wrong, she still couldn't keep her eyes off his
dormant manhood. She couldn't believe her eyes.  What had
happened to her little baby, she wondered as she stared at his
giant penis.  Even soft, Justin's penis was bigger than most
men's were hard. 

	After a few moments, she came to her senses and blushing she
looked away from the sleeping monster. Ashamed of herself for
even looking at him, she stepped back out and softly closed his
door.  Funny, she thought, but she had an uneasy feeling that
there was something vaguely familiar about his penis, but she
hadn't seen him naked in years.  The last time she had seen his
thing, it was a little boy's penis, not the huge monster that it
was now.  Blushing even more, she rushed down the stairs.  She
could feel her face burning with embarrassment as she stopped in
the kitchen.  Grabbing a pencil, she quickly wrote a note to let
Justin know where she was.  It read:

Justin,

I just wanted to thank you for last night.  It was wonderful. 
If I had only known sooner, I would have done it sooner.  I'm
ready to do it again, as soon as I can. I've got some errands to
run today.  I should be back home around six-thirty.  I can't
wait to be with you.  Hope you have a nice day. I will knowing
that I have you with me.

Love and Kisses,

Mom

	Leaving the note propped up against the salt shaker, she rushed
out of the house, her face still warm with shame.

	Finally Justin woke up.  Sleepily looking down at his watch and
saw that it was one-thirty.  Wow, I almost slept all day, he
thought to himself as he stretched and yawned.  Why had he slept
so long, he wondered. 

	Then suddenly, like being doused with a bucket of ice water,
the events of the previous night came rushing back to him with
terrifying clarity.  A cold sweat popped out on his forehead as
he thought about how close he had come to getting caught.

	He knew that what he had done had been destructively wicked,
but even now he could feel his manhood hardening as he thought
about it.  Did his mother know it was him, he wondered
fearfully.  Maybe she did. But maybe she didn't want for him to
know how despicable she thought he was. He knew that the
suspense of not knowing would drive him crazy.  He would have to
find out one way or the other.

	After lying in bed thinking about it for the longest time, he
finally got up and slowly got dressed.  Steeling himself for the
worst, he reluctantly set out to walk down to his mother's room.
 Seeing her door open, he fearfully peeked inside.  A rush of
relief washed over him when he saw that she was gone.

	Looking around her room, he saw that little had changed from
the previous night.  Strangely, her clothes were still lying in
the neat little pile at the foot of her bed where he had put
them. Walking over to her bed, he looked down and was appalled
to see the dried, crusty patches of his cum on the sheets.

	It was a strange feeling to know that it was his cum and he had
put it there while he had been fucking his mother.  Then, he
caught a wisp of the haunting fragrance of her perfume.  It was
indistinct and mixed with her other womanly smells, but just
smelling her again was making him horny.  Then to his dismay, he
felt himself growing hard again. Shamefully, he turned and
quickly left the room.

	As he started down the stairs, he suddenly realized that he was
starving.  Hurrying down to the kitchen, he started for the
refrigerator when he saw the note on the table.  Curious, he
walked over to it and picked it up.  Seeing that it was in his
mother's handwriting, he had a sudden feeling of dread. 
Fearfully, he read it.

Justin,

	 I just wanted to thank you for last night.  It was
wonderful.  If I had only known sooner, I would have done it
sooner.  I'm ready to do it again, as soon as I can. I've got
some errands to run today.  I should be back home around
six-thirty.  I can't wait to be with you again.  Hope you have a
nice day.  I will knowing that I have you with me.

Love and Kisses,

Mom

	My God, he thought to himself as he reread her note, she must
have known.  He couldn't believe it, but he read it again and
still came up with the same conclusion.  Still he pondered the
note and read it one more time, just to be sure as he went over
it sentence by sentence I just wanted to thank you for last
night.  What else could she be thanking me for last night, he
wondered.  We only talked about her going out on a date and that
was no big deal.  She had to be talking about making love. 

	It was wonderful.  What else could she be talking about?  It
was wonderful for him, too and it must have been for her, too,
he thought excitedly.

	If I had only known sooner, I would have done it sooner.   Does
that mean that she liked me so much that if she had known we
could have been making love before?  What else could it mean? 
Oh, God, I can't believe how lucky I am, he rejoiced silently.

	I'm ready to do it again, as soon as I can.   She wants to do
it again.  God, does she really want to do it again. She must. 
Oh, I want to make love to her again too.  God, I wish she was
here right now so we could do it.  God, I can't believe it, he
thought as his penis began to throb at the prospect of making
love to her again. I should be back home around six-thirty.  I
can't wait to be with you again.   She should be home around
six-thirty and she wants to be with me, again.  She wants to be
with me when she gets home.  She wants to do it again tonight
when she gets home.

	Love and Kisses.  He felt a thrill tear through his penis.  She
wants to kiss and make love.  Oh, it's wonderful, he drooled as
he read the note one more time.  The interpretation, now set in
his mind was only reinforced every time he reread the note.

	The hunger he had felt earlier was now gone, but he forced
himself to make a sandwich and eat it.  Taking her note into the
recreation room, he reread it over and over again as he tried to
watch a football game. Unable to concentrate on the game, he
tried to figure out what he should.  As he did, his mind kept
going over the contents of the note, cementing his
interpretation of its intent permanently into his mind. Wishing
his mother hadn't left for the day, he kept glancing down at his
watch every couple of minutes.  Fidgeting and fretting on the
couch, he finally unzipped his pants and pulled his giant cock
out. Gently stroking the hardened monster, he thought back to
the night before and wondered what it would be like making love
to his mother with the lights on.  Would she be shy and awkward
or would she be comfortable and confident.  He couldn't believe
that he was even thinking these thoughts when a day earlier the
thought of making love to her had never crossed his mind.

	Finally, he saw that it was five-thirty.  Only one hour to
wait, he thought as he bounded up the stairs to his room, his
giant cock bouncing up and down in front of him like a broken
spring.

	In his room, he slipped his clothes off and hurried into his
shower. Turning the water on as hard and as hot as he could
stand it, he spent the next fifteen minutes thoroughly rubbing
and washing every pore of his body.  He wanted to be pristinely
clean for his mother.  Lastly, he lathered up his great cock and
began stroking it as hard as he could.  With the giant clenched
in his fist, he beat it up and down harder and harder until he
felt his cum almost reach the boiling point.  Then, just before
his cock erupted, he stopped and leaned back against the shower
wall, looking down at it as it pulsated up and down wildly,
still threatening to explode at any second.  Finally, he
regained control and stood under the water letting it wash away
the thick, soapy lather off  his jutting cock. 

	Finally able to trust his cock not to explode, he stepped out
and grabbed a towel.  Drying off most of the water, he picked up
his watch and saw that he had only twenty minutes to wait before
his mother returned.  Splashing his face with aftershave lotion,
he giggled drunkenly as he grabbed a dry towel and confidently
strolled down the hall to his mother's room.  Taking her blow
dryer out of her bathroom, he plugged it in next to her bed. 
Picking up his mother's clothes, he neatly set them down on her
dressing stool. Walking back to the bed, he pulled the bedspread
down.  Then he brazenly crawled onto her bed and sat down in the
middle of it.  Vainly striking several different poses, he tried
to picture the way his mother would like to see him when she
walked in.  At last, he decided on a pose with the towel draped
over one leg and his thick, turgid cock fully exposed and lying
draped over the other leg.  Glancing at his watch nervously, he
saw that he only had ten minutes to wait as he flicked on the
blow dryer and began drying his hair.

	The loud whine of the blow dryer hid the sound of his mother
returning and he was unaware that she had come back.

	Setting her purse and a sack of groceries on the table, Susan
saw that Justin had gotten her message as the note was gone. 
Smiling, she stepped out of the kitchen and stopped in front of
the mirror. Looking at herself in the mirror, she gently fluffed
up her hair before strolling over to the stairs.  She carried a
single red rose in her hand for Justin to thank him for his
support the previous night. Smiling happily, thinking how nice
it was to have such a son, she started up the stairs.

	Half way up the stairs, she realized that the sound of the
blowdryer was coming from her room.  That was strange, she
thought.  Why would Justin be using her blowdryer when he had
his own.  Maybe his was on the blink, she thought to herself as
she walked down the hall toward her room.

	Seeing that the door was open, she smiled and stepped into her
bedroom.

	Her mouth fell open in stunned astonishment as she saw her son
sitting in the middle of her bed, stark naked and blow-drying
his hair.

	"OH, MY, FOR GOD'S, WHAT IN THE NAME OF, OH MY, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING?" she was finally able to blurt out, her face burning a
bright crimson. "What, UH, WHAT, YOU MEAN THAT YOU DIDN'T, UH,
OH MY GOD, YOU DON'T REMEMBER," he gasped, grabbing at the towel
and jerking it over his towering penis.

	"WHAT IN HEAVEN'S NAME DO YOU MEAN?" she gasped.

	"YOU REALLY DON'T REMEMBER," was all he could foolishly repeat.

	"OH, MY GOD, IT COULDN'T BE," she groaned as realized what he
was insinuating.  

	No wonder her son's gigantic penis had looked vaguely familiar
that morning.

	Feeling her knees start to buckle, she stumbled back against
the wall and leaned against it to keep from falling.

	"God, MOM, I'm sorry," Justin apologized profusely, not knowing
what to do or say, "I thought your note meant, uh, meant that
you knew." "Knew what?" she fearfully asked, not wanting to hear
what she knew he was going to say and hoping against hope that
he wouldn't confirm what she suspicioned.

	"Oh, God, I don't know how to say it," he groaned in misery.
"Does it have to do with last night?" she asked, panic starting
to control her.

	"Yes," he said softly, not knowing how to tell her.

	"Was.......Was........Did we.......Did we...," she stammered,
not able to pronounce the words.

	"Yes," he cried out, "I'm so sorry, Mom."

	"Oh, My God," she wept, "I've ruined you."

	"Oh, Mom, it wasn't your fault," he sobbed, scrambling to his
feet.

	As he stood, he forgot his towel and it dropped to the floor
and his swollen, rigid manhood bounded into view once again.

	"Oh, Shit," he grunted, reaching down and grabbing the towel.
Wrapping it around his waist, he rushed over to his mother.

	"I thought you knew by the way your note read," he sniffled,
stepping up to her and hesitantly wrapping his arms around her.

	"No, I didn't," she cried, reluctantly letting him take her
into his arms, "I was so drunk I didn't remember what happened."

	"God, I'm so sorry, I could die," he muttered, pulling her to
him and slowly leading her back over to the bed.

	"What's done is done, I guess," she sobbed, letting him ease
her down onto the bed.  

	"I'm so sorry that it happened," he tried to comfort her, "but
it was wonderful, Mother,"

	"We can't ever let it happen again," she mumbled emphatically
as he pulled her to him tightly.

	"I know, but," he gulped, painfully aware of how aroused he
was. "It was the most wonderful thing that has ever happened to
me." He mumbled, stunned by how he could be so excited just by
her nearness,  "Yes, My , but we can't do it, ever again.
NEVER." she explained to him as she looked down and saw his
penis jutting up underneath the towel wrapped around his waist.

	"It was a terrible, terrible thing we did and we must never,
ever do it again," she said emphatically, "Do you understand?"

	"I know, Mother," he groaned, in agony.

	He was being torn apart inside.  One part of him wanted to obey
her but another part of him wanted to make love to her again.

	Then he felt something inside of him snap.  He had to make love
to her again or die.  The need was so overpowering, he knew that
he couldn't control it.  As he was consumed by the unholy desire
for her, he felt himself lusting for her but loving her too.  

	Pulling her closer to him, he ran his hands down her back
savoring the feel of her soft skin under her dress.  He knew
that he was about to do something so sinister and perversely
evil, it would change their lives.  

	Then powerless to stop himself, he ran his hands down over the
swelling curve of her firm, round buttocks.  Cupping the soft,
pliant cheeks of her ass in his hands, he pulled her into him,
grinding his huge cock into her stomach at the same time.

	"Oh, No, Justin, Oh, No, we can't," she gasped, half-heartedly
trying to push him away from her.

	"Oh, Mother Please," he blubbered pitifully as he squeezed and
fondled her buttocks through her dress, "Just one more time."

	"No, Baby, We can't," she moaned, embarrassingly aware of her
son's obvious erection as he thrust himself into her stomach,
"We mustn't, Honey, we just can't do it again."

	"God, Mother, I can't stop myself," he grimaced, covering her
face with soft, little butterfly kisses as he tried to cover her
elusive mouth with his own hungry lips.

	"Justin, Please don't," she sobbed, turning her head back and
forth to keep his lips from finding hers, "We CAN'T."

	"Oh, MOTHER, I need you so badly," he panted, finally finding
her mouth with his lips.

	"JUsstnnmmppphhhhh," she mumbled as Justin's mouth found hers.

	Then she felt her son's tongue stab into her mouth.  Shocked,
she suddenly felt a spark of desire erupt inside her.

	How could this be happening, she cursed herself.  And why was
she being aroused by his attention while she was repulsed by
what he was doing?  Disgusted with herself for becoming aroused
by him, she still tried to push him back away from her, but he
was too strong for her.   Holding her tightly against his body,
Justin explored her mouth with his tongue as his need for her
became unbearable.

	Suddenly, he released her and pulled back away from her.

	"Oh Thank you, God," Susan blurted out as she saw Justin roll
away from her and step down off the bed, "Thank God, you came to
your senses."

	Then her joy turned to alarm as she saw Justin tear off the
towel that had been hiding his huge, jutting manhood and fling
it to the floor.   "Oh, No, Baby," she gasped as he stood before
her with his giant cock jutting out at her like some malignant
serpent waiting to strike her. Then before she could move, he
reached down and thrust his hands up under her dress.

	Pushing at his arms, she tried to move away from him only to
feel his hands slide up under her dress farther and farther.

	Then with his hands and arms thrust up under her skirt all the
way to his elbow, he grabbed hold of the waistband of her
panties.

	Susan didn't know what to do.  It was all happening so fast she
didn't have a chance to stop him.  She couldn't believe this was
happening to her as she felt his fingers dig into her belly. 
Then she felt him hook his fingers under the waistband of her
panties and begin to pull them down.  Fighting to stop him,  she
pressed her legs together as tightly as she could.  Hoping she
could keep him from pulling her panties off, she quickly
realized that he was just too strong when she heard her panties
tear.  Then she felt him forcefully tug the tattered remains of
her panties down her legs.  Mortified, she felt her panties slip
down farther and farther until they were down around her ankles.
"Please, Baby, Don't do this to me," she pleaded with him again
as he jerked her shoes off and tossed them aside.

	Her pleas fell on deaf ears as she watched her son fling her
panties across the room.

	She could see that he was out of control.  She had never seen
him like this before.  He was like an animal in heat.  She
realized that there was no way she could stop him now.

	His eyes glinting evilly, Justin took hold of her ankles and
tried to force her legs apart.

	Resisting as much as she could, she knew that it was in vain as
she felt her legs rapidly growing tired as his strength slowly
overcame her.

	Trying to force his mother's legs apart, Justin felt her
resist, but as he kept pushing, he felt her legs begin to quiver
and tremble.

	"Oh, NO, Justin, Please don't do this," she begged him one more
time. Ignoring her appeal, Justin kept prying at her legs until
he felt the trembling grow more pronounced as she struggled to
keep her legs together.  Then slowly, her legs began to part,
and Justin, realizing that he was about to overcome her, doubled
his efforts.  

	Tiring quickly, Susan was unable to defend herself anymore as
she finally gave up.

	Abruptly, her legs parted revealing the soft, fleshy core of
her sexuality to her son once again.

	He stopped for a moment, staring down at the glistening wetness
between her legs. 

	"Please, Baby, Don't do this to Mommy," she moaned as he
continued to hold her legs apart and stare down at her gaping
womanhood.

	Then he slowly began to pull her toward the edge of the bed and
the gigantic, monstrosity that jutted out of his groin.
Whimpering plaintively, Susan tried to push her dress back down
and cover herself.  

	Justin kept pulling her toward him until her butt was perched
on the edge of the bed.  Easing himself up between her long,
lovely legs, Justin began to push her dress back up her soft,
tanned thighs. She continued to fight him until he grabbed her
hands.  Holding her hands tight with one hand, he pushed her
skirt back up her legs with his other hand.  Finally, he won out
and her dress lay crumpled around her waist and he could once
again see the wet pinkness of her womanhood glistening between
her legs.

	"Please don't, Baby," she begged futility.

	Then he shuddered and pulled her toward him.  Both of them
watched in disbelief as his big, purple headed monster nudged up
against the soft, yielding lips that surrounded her vulnerable
femininity.

	"Oh, My, God, Please, Baby," she moaned one last time.

	"OH, FUCK," Justin groaned as pushed himself at her and felt
his gigantic cockhead slip into the soft, clinging wetness of
her vulnerability.

	It was all he could do to keep from erupting inside the hot,
clenching sheath of soft wetness as it slowly slithered into
her.  Gritting his teeth, he slowly slid himself deeper and
deeper the burning circle of fire. He had to struggle mightily
to keep from erupting inside the hot, clenching sheath of soft
wetness, but he didn't explode as he slowly slid himself deeper
and deeper inside her.  

	"Oh, My, God, Justin, you're too big," Susan groaned as she
felt her vagina being stretched to its limit by her son's
gigantic cock just as it had been the night before, 

	Justin didn't speak as he continued to slide his cock into his
mother's steaming slit.  Pushing himself into her, he drove his
cock deeper and deeper into the hot, dripping depths of her
clinging channel of velvet softness until at last, it was
completely buried inside of her.

	Groaning as he held himself firmly thrust up against her, he
leaned over her and reached down to her dress that now lay
crumpled around her waist.  With his cock fully penetrating her
sopping pussy and her soft, inner thighs pressing against his
hips, Justin reveled in the feel of her heavenly cunt wrapped
around his cock.  Still holding his cock inside her , he
smoothed out her dress and reached down to its zipper.
Leisurely, he unzipped her dress as she watched on with disgust
and shame.  With her dress unzipped, he began pushing it up her
body.  Pushing it higher and higher, he finally pushed it up
over the mountainous swell of her breasts.

	Realizing that she could not fight him off, she conceded defeat
at the hands of her son.  Even though he was violating her in
the most vile and reprehensible way imaginable, she still
couldn't bring herself to hate him.

	Knowing that she had already taken him willingly once before,
she felt herself slowly begin to enjoy the feel of his gigantic
cock inside of her.  What they were doing was vile and heinously
wicked, but still she couldn't stop the feeling of pleasure that
was flowing from her vagina.  Yielding herself to her destiny,
she mentally conceded defeat at the hands of her son.  What
could she do to stop it anyway, she thought as she made the
decision to give herself to him willingly once again.

	Once she had surrendered herself to him, she found the next
step so much easier.  Reaching down, she took hold of her dress
that was now wrapped around her neck and quickly pulled it up
over her head in one swift movement.  Tossing her dress aside,
she now lay under her son, clad only in a diaphanous brassiere
that held her big, beautiful breasts confined.

	Justin had seen her breasts last night, but in the dimness of
her night light, he had only had a hint of their real beauty.  
He dreamily stared down at the mountainous globes of flesh
confined inside the filmy transparency of her brassiere like a
man possessed. Then, lovingly, he reached down to them.  Gently
hooking his fingers under the bottom of the bra, he started to
push the brassiere up off her breasts.

	Not wanting him to tear the dainty brassiere, she quickly
reached down and pushed his hand away from it.  Then ever so
slowly, she slipped her fingers down between the half-mooned
cups of her bra to the row of tiny red clasps running down
between her breasts.  Seeing that her son was intently watching
her fingers, she leisurely unhooked the top clasp of her
brassiere.  Then waiting for a few more moments, she moved down
to the bottom clasp and with a quick flick of her fingers, she
popped the bottom catch open.  The instant her brassiere opened,
her opulent breasts spilled out into the open.   Gaping open
mouthed, Justin stared down at his mother's bare breasts for the
longest time before he could move.  Then, leaning forward,
Justin tried to wrap his hands around their huge perfection, but
found they were too large for him to encircle with his hands. 
Feeling their soft perfection under his fingers, Justin began to
squeeze and fondle them lovingly.

	Staring up at her son, she watched him change from a boy into a
man in the space of one heartbeat.  Her illusion of him staying
her little boy his whole life had abruptly and unalterably
changed the moment they had become one again.  Even as he
defiled her, she couldn't stop loving him.  She still loved him
as any mother would love her son, but there was a new, dark side
to her love for him.  It was as if her love for him was mutating
even as she looked up at him.  Her motherly love for him was the
same, but she could feel herself falling in love with him as a
man.  As he held himself inside her, violating her inner
sanctity and touching her breasts so softly and gently, she felt
herself falling in love with him as her lover.  While her love
for him as her son was a deep and unwavering, the other love she
felt for him was violent and passionate.  Who knew what the new
love would bring, she thought, as she waited for her new lover
to transport her to the next plane of their incestuous union.

	 Standing between his mother's statuesque legs with his giant
peter buried all the way up to its hairy hilt inside her hot,
clenching cunt, he gently toyed and played with her breasts.  As
he did, he could feel her persuasively squeezing his waist with
her thighs. Waiting, he saw her slowly spread her long,
curvaceous legs wider apart as she lifted her legs and wrapped
her ankles around his waist. Then he felt her gently squeezing
his waist with her calves as she nudged his butt with her heels,
forcing his belly into hers. He suddenly realized that not only
had she had stopped fighting him, but she now seemed to be
coaxing him to make love to her.  His eyes were filled with her
beauty as he towered over her, incestuously connected to her by
his bloated man-thing.  He could feel her soft, silky cunt
gently squeezing and milking his stiff, unyielding manhood as
his eyes pored over her awesome beauty.  How could this be
happening.  He had never even thought of his mother sexually
until last night and now he was making love to her for the
second time in two days.  She was the very epitome of beauty
from her soft, billowing mane of mahogany hair to her dainty
little pink tipped toes, he thought as he ground himself into
her.  He couldn't help quivering with excitement as his eyes
swept down over her voluptuous breasts to the profusion of
fur-like hair covering her love wound where their bodies became
one.  Even her smell was intoxicating as he breathed in deeply
to savor the mix of fragrances wafting up from her.  The soft
sensuous fragrance of her erotic perfume was intermingled with
the musky smell of her estrous wafting up from where their
bodies became one filling his head with the heady aroma.  It
filled his nostrils and awoke in him some deep, hidden primitive
drive that he had never experienced before.  Unable to hold back
anymore, he quickly slid his arms under her perfectly sculptured
legs and lifted them, exposing her defenseless womanhood to his
gigantic love-spear.    Withdrawing the entire length of his
long, thick cock, he looked down and saw that it was dripping
with juices from her sopping cunt.  Shuddering with excitement,
he jerked her long legs up against him, brutally sending his
cock ripping back into her.

	"OH MY LORD," Susan gasped as she felt his huge peter slash
back into her aching pussy.

	Justin had become a madman and immediately began to saw his
huge cock in and out of her like some crazed animal.

	Within seconds, he was slamming his giant prick in and out of
her drooling love-place so fast, she barely had to time to enjoy
one thrust before the next one jarred her from the tips of her
toes to the top of her head.  As her son hammered his cock into
her over and over again, she shamefully took him.  Wickedly, she
loved the way he made her feel.  Her inflamed slit felt like it
was burning with an unholy fire as she reveled in the feel of
her son's massive male weapon pistoning in and out of her.  

	"Oh, JUSTIN, My Baby," she gurgled ecstatically as she
surrendered herself to him heart and soul.

	The barbarous feeling he was bringing out in her was quickly
propelling her toward a cataclysmic orgasm as they fucked.   As
wrong and evil as it was, it felt wonderful to have her son
inside of her.  Would she be able to live without him now that
he had returned to the place where he had been created.  Just as
he had once fulfilled her motherly needs, he was now fulfilling
her carnal needs. She wondered if she would ever be able to love
another man, now that her son had possessed her.

	Whatever, she knew that their lives would never be the same
again. But even as she tried to make sense out of it, she
realized she couldn't concentrate on the problem with the
wondrous feelings pouring from her pussy.  The growing river of
pleasure pouring from her cunt was demanding all of her
attention. 

	"Oh, BABY, Fuck Mommy, Oh, MY, BABY, I, Love you," she gushed
out as Justin slammed his great cock in and out of her drooling
love pit. Wanting him to know she was now willingly giving
herself to him, she dug her fingernails into his shoulders. 
Holding onto him tightly, she savored each deep, bone jarring
thrust as he drove his cock into her again and again. Her
muscular thighs were still wrapped around his waist and her long
perfectly formed legs began to rock back and forth above him as
he fucked her.  As his hips flashed up and down faster and
harder, she dug her heels into his rebounding ass every time he
drove his cock back into her sopping love channel.  In and out,
in and out, his prick his plowed into her drenched cunt until it
was covered with a frothy coating of lather.  As they fucked
with abandon, both of them could feel themselves being sucked
toward a climax of such magnitude it would threaten their very
lives.

	Then suddenly, without any warning Susan felt like a bomb had
gone off inside of her pussy as she felt her son's gigantic
penis explode inside her.

	"OH, FUCKING HELLLLLLLLLL," she gasped as she felt his cock
bolt inside of her.

	His cock spurted out a gusher of thick, hot boy-cream so hot it
felt like it had scorched the delicate lining of her convulsing
pussy. The instant she felt him climax, she felt her own body
react and her vagina locked  down on her son's enormous prick. 
Even as she tripped off into her own soul-consuming orgasm, she
could still feel her son's potent ejaculate coating the lining
of her pussy with its blistering heat.  Then she felt her whole
body began to shake and writhe uncontrollably as the exquisite
pleasure of her orgasm spread out from her spasming cunt.  Even
as the muscles in her body contracted and tightened into bands
of steel, she could still feel Justin's thrusting, spurting
manhood spewing out its fiery load into her clutching, grabbing
cunt over and over again.

	 Her spirit slipped from her writhing, convulsing body and she
floated above them, watching her son ram his cock into her
spiritless body. Even dispossessed from her body as she was, she
felt like the sensitive lining of her of her cunt was being
blistered by the hot, thick, gelatinous semen spewing out of her
son's great erupting penis. Then she felt a river of cum gush
out of her overfull cunt as her son filled her to the point of
overflowing.  But still his elephantine cock continued to buck
and surge inside of her spitting more and more cum into her
until both of them were dripping with its hot, sticky thickness.

	Justin had never felt such a totally addictive pleasure in his
whole life.  He felt as if his very life-source was gushing out
of his cock and there was nothing that could stop it.  It flowed
from him out into his mother in a never ending stream.  Never
before had his big, dangling balls produced so much egg-rich
milk.  He felt as if he had been cumming inside of her for
hours, yet his great, surging monster continued to spurt
uncontrollably. His great engine was being driven by the sheer
eroticism of fucking his mother and the feelings, both physical
and mental were beyond belief.  It was the most sexual exciting
and gratifying thing he had ever done.  Yet at the same time it
was the most perverse, despicable thing he had ever done.  Ever
muscle in his body was locked down in one all encompassing cramp
as he held himself buried deep inside the soft, clutching depths
of his mother's overflowing pussy.  He was reaching the point of
collapse when finally he felt the flow of semen pouring from his
huge cock slow to a trickle.  Then after a few more feeble
little jerks, his big prick finally stopped pouring its thick,
rich cum into his mother.  As his cock stopped, he could feel
his big dangling balls aching from the exertion of shooting so
much cum into his mother.

	As his own aching muscles slowly relaxed and his cock began to
deflate, he felt the taut, tensed muscles in his mother's body
sluggishly relent and soften.  As they did, he felt her long,
shapely legs creep down his legs until her feet finally touched
the floor.   Standing on his knees between his mother's
outstretched legs, he suddenly felt a stab of remorse tear into
his heart.  Now that the deed was done and the overpowering
pleasure he had felt was gone, he was experiencing an
overwhelming sense of guilt and fear.  Looking down to where
their bodies were still linked together in an immoral alliance,
he saw that his mother's soft, inner thighs glistened with his
semen.  

	"Oh, What have I done to you, Mother," he sobbed, backing away
from her pulling his puffy, swollen cock slowly out of her
dripping cunt.   Unable to take his eyes off his thick, pink
penis as it disgustingly slithered back out of her fleshy pink
wound, he backed away from her. As his heavy, bloated penis
slipped out of her, it drug the evidence of their incestuous
coupling out of her, dripping it down onto the floor between her
feet.

	"Can you ever forgive me?"

	"Oh, Baby, don't cry," she told him, struggling to a sitting
position and extending her arms to him, "It is over and done
with and there is nothing that can change it."

	"Oh, Mommy, I was so wrong to do it to you, but, but, I just
couldn't stop," he wept as still backed away watching his long
shrinking cock continue to ooze out of her.

	At last, his giant cockhead flopped and out of her and at least
a cup of frothy white excudate gushed out of the deep, wet
pinkness between her legs.  Embarrassingly, it splashed down
between them forming a puddle on the floor.  Neither of them
spoke for several moments as they stared down at the puddle of
love-juice between her feet.

	"I should be taken out and shot," Justin finally moaned in
disgust as he stood up.  

	Then another pang of remorse washed over him as he looked down
at his mother and saw her staring at his cock that was now at
her eye level. Disgusted, his eyes followed hers down to his
penis.  It was no longer hard, but it was still heavy and thick
as it dangled down from his belly. 

	"Come here, Baby," Susan said softly, reaching out to him.

	Hesitantly, Justin moved toward her, carefully avoiding their
puddle of spent lovejuice on the floor.  

	Reaching out, Susan gently wrapped her arms around his hips and
embraced him lovingly.  

	"What we did was wrong," she said, "But it was what we did. 
When you first wanted to do it, I could have stopped. But, but,
maybe down deep, deep inside, I wanted you too.  Whatever, it
happened and I enjoyed it just as much as you did, so I am just
as much to blame as you are."

	"But I started it," he sniffled.

	"No, I started it last night," she told him, "And then when you
wanted to do it again, I didn't stop you."

	"But, but, what now," he stuttered.

	"I don't know," she sighed, looking up at him,  "I just don't
know..........."

	"I know that we should stop it here and now, but....."

	"But, but what," he asked her dejectedly.

	"I don't know if we can," she said tiredly admitting defeat, "I
think we have just gone too far."

	"What, what, what does that mean," he stammered, afraid to
believe what he thought he was hearing.

	"It means that I've never felt what I felt when we were making
love," she said softly, "I don't think I can deny myself such
ecstasy forever.  Do you feel the same way?"

	"Oh, God, Yes," he gushed, reaching down and pulling her head
into his stomach.

	"Oh, be careful, Baby," she smiled up at him, "Don't break my
neck."

	"Oh, I'm sorry, Mother, I didn't mean to hurt you," he gurgled
happily, "But I'm so happy."

	"I can see that," she laughed softly, looking down to see his
thick, wet penis rapidly swelling back to hardness as it rose up
before her..

	"Oh, I'm sorry," he blushed, "But I love you so very, very
much, I just can't stop it from getting, uh, uh, hard."

	"Don't apologize," she told him, reaching out and lovingly
stroking his ripening maleness, "Most men would kill for what
you have."

	"Oh, Mom, stop teasing me," he blushed again.

	"I'm not teasing you," she said seriously, "You have the
biggest penis I've ever seen on any man and you're still a
teenager.  I don't know where you got it from. It certainly
wasn't your father.  He was barely six inches long and yours
must be what, nine or ten inches long?"

	"God, Mom, you're embarrassing me," he complained, leaning down
and kissing one of her big, bulbous nipples.

	"What are we going to do, Mom," he finally asked her, letting
her wet, slobber covered pap slip from his mouth.

	"What are we going to do about what?" she asked him, uncertain
what he was leading up to.

	"I mean, are we going to keep doing it?" he questioned her,
gently fondling her big, spongy breasts and tweaking her
hardening nipples.

	"Do you want to?" she asked softly.

	"Oh, Yes," he blurted out excitedly, "Forever and ever." 

	"Do you think you can keep it a secret?" she wanted to know,
"Because if gets out that you are making love to me, we could
both go to jail." "I will never, ever tell another soul," he
promised her, taking her head in his hands and lovingingly
kissing her on the lips, "It will be our secret, forever."

	"Well, since we live alone," realizing that she was probably
making the wrong decision, "and it doesn't seem to affect anyone
else, I guess that we can try it for a while and see what
happens."

	"Oh, GOD, Mother does that mean that I can sleep with you at
night?" he asked her eagerly as he slowly began leaning against
her and forcing her down on the bed.

	"I don't know," she smiled up at him, sensing that he wanted to
make love to her again, "I'll have to think about that."

	"It would be wonderful, if we could," he told her as he
forcefully pressed down on the bed.

	 "Then I wouldn't have to walk down here every time I wanted to
make love to you, like now."

	"Just a moment, Young Man," she said forcefully, purposefully
digging her fingernails into his rigid cock.

	"Ouch, Mom, you're hurting me," he yelped.

	"You have to remember that I am your mother," she cautioned
him, digging her nails into his hardened manhood even harder.

	 "And I still make the rules, to include when and where we will
make love.  Do you understand?"

	"Ow, Yes, Oh, Mommy, you're hurting me," he whimpered.

	"Okay, as long as you remember that I am your mother," she
scolded him, slowly releasing his penis, "Now I'm sorry that I
hurt you, but I had to get your attention."

	"You certainly got it," he complained, "and I'll do whatever
you say."

	"Okay, would you like for me to kiss your owie and make it
better," she smiled wickedly.

	"Oh, My, God, Yes," he groaned, struggling to get to his hands
and knees.

	Waiting patiently, she watched as he straddled her and clumsily
crawled up until his giant cock jutted out above her face,
throbbing up and down like a huge malignant pink snake.

	"Oh, My lovely little Baby, you have such a beautiful, big
penis," she cooed appreciatively as she reached up and slowly
bent his pulsating masculinity down to her lips.

	Opening her mouth, she gently sucked her son's gigantic purple
cockhead into her mouth.  She could feel his growing excitement
as she lazily ran her tongue around the bulging rim of his
cockhead, tickling and toying with the little cleft under it
where the glans corona was split.

	"Oh, Mother, you're going to make me cum too fast," he whined
as he felt her start to suck on him.

	"Uuuuuhhhuuuhhhh," she mumbled, her mouth filled with his hot
hardness.

	Her hot, sucking mouth gradually sucked more and more of his
great, hard penis inside her mouth as his control grew more and
more tenuous. Looking back down at his mother, he watched in
fascination and disbelief as her full, pouting lips gradually
crept up the thick, pink shaft of his cock.  Soon almost half of
it had disappeared inside her mouth.  Then he saw her let it
slip out as she swallowed a couple of time and quickly took
several deep breaths.  Then without warning, she quickly sucked
him back into her mouth.  This time she didn't stop.  Justin
felt her suck his entire cock into her mouth.  He could feel his
giant cockhead butt up against the back of her mouth, but she
jerked him down into her and he felt his cock stab down into her
throat.

	"OH, FUCKING GOD, MOTHER, YOU'VE DEEP THROATED ME," he gasped. 
 He couldn't stop himself and he suddenly felt his cock jerk and
spurt, sending a gusher of his cum down into her throat. The
intensity of the pleasure that burst from his cock was such that
his heart stopped beating for several beats as his penis spewed
its frothy ejaculate directly into her throat.  Then his whole
body began to shake and shiver uncontrollably as his mother
sucked on him.  Afraid that he might have a heart attack, she
hurriedly pulled her mouth back down the long, stiff barrel of
his cock until only the hypersensitive cockhead remained inside
her burning, sucking mouth. "OH, FUCK, MOTHER, I CAN'T......"
Justin groaned collapsing down onto the bed beside her, rolling
over onto his back and jerking his manhood out of her mouth.

	 She realized instantly, by the way he fell that he had
fainted. Then to her astonishment, she saw his great cock
continue to spurt out huge gobs of his glutinous boycream,
shooting it wastefully into the air.  Quickly grabbing his
jumping, spurting weapon, she furiously stroked him, watching
the monster jerk and fire time and time again. Still running her
hand up and down him, she was disappointed when his cock finally
stopped erupting in her hand.

	She stopped running her hand up and down his thick, hard cock
and found that his chest and stomach were covered with his own
potent, seed-laden syrup.

	Sitting beside him, she watched him sleep for the longest time.
 At last, when his gigantic penis had returned to normalcy and
lay on his stomach, shriveled and shrunken, she rolled over and
pulled the covers up over herself.

	She hoped that she had made the right decision although there
hadn't been any other real choice.  Now she hoped that she could
satisfy her son's almost insatiable need to make love. 
Whatever, she couldn't ask for a more potent and well-built
young lover, she thought as she drifted off into dreams of giant
male organs chasing her once again.

The End (?)

 Hope that you enjoyed this one........The Baron from the Dark
Side..:)
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
