Archive-name: Changes/newgirl.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: New Girl in Town


Margo sat next to me in the coffee shop late that Saturday afternoon. His real
name was Mark, but he was one of the loveliest Drag Queens in New York City.
I had been dressing secretly at home in my mother's and sister's clothes for
just over three years, but at 18 years old, I had never been in public as a
woman.  Margo lived now as a female, and could pass anywhere.  I complimented
"her" on it, and "she" said.  "You could do just as well, you know." I was
flattered, but not as sure as she was.  "Come on," she said.  "I'll show you!"
We went to her apartment.  We had been occasional lovers, so I had been there
before, but this visit would be different.

As soon as we were inside, Margo ordered me to strip completely, and she put
my male clothing neatly away.  She looked me over carefully, then stripped off
all he own clothing, and led me into the bathroom.

In a moment we were in the shower soaping each other down.  I loved the
softness of Margo's skin, and the feel of her hands on mine.  The sight and
feel of her little penis, for Margo had only four inches even when she was
hard, was also somehow erotic, and I was getting visibly aroused!

We were rinsing off when she said.  "Stand there, and don't move!" She stepped
out of the tub, and returned instantly bearing a razor and shaving cream.  In
seconds the lower half of my body was swathed in shaving cream, and Margo was
shaving my legs.  She also trimmed my pubic hair to a little, feminine,
V-shaped thatch.

With all the gentle caressing and stroking that was going on, my cock was now
rock hard!  Margo looked up at me from her kneeling position, and smiled at
me.  Then I felt her lips close around my cock, and a gentle back and forth
motion of her head begin.  I leaned back against the tile wall, and soon was
gushing my load of cum down her throat. Margo swallowed every drop.  She was
an expert cocksucker!

"The transformation is about to begin!," announced Margo as we stepped from
the tub.  As soon as we had dried ourselves, she produced a bottle of cologne
and some matching perfumed talc, and applied them liberally to both of us.
The sent was exotic, and I began to feel very feminine in the way that I had
always wanted to feel.  We entered the bedroom, and Margo reached into a
drawer.  She took out a matching bra, garterbelt, and panties set for me.
They were white lace with dainty pink bows.  "Virgins always wear white," she
said.  She also had a similar set in aqua for herself.

We dressed together, and she showed me how to put the panties on over the
garter-belt so that they could be removed, and still leave the stockings on.
Margo also taught me how to tuck my penis back between my legs into my crotch,
so that no telltale bulges would show even if someone were to see me in just
my panties.

Last to go on was my bra.  It was padded, and I had sort of smallish male
breasts, but we tucked a couple of old stockings into each cup to fill it out
a little better.  I wanted bigger breasts, but Margo would not allow it.  "All
the new girls think that they need big tits!," she admonished.  "A 'real girl'
is not that big!  If you want to look natural, do it subtly.  Don't make
yourself look like a clown!"  She was, of course, correct.  I followed her
advice, and I am a better woman for it.  To complete the effect, Margo gave me
a light-brown wig that nearly matched my own hair, and fussed it into place on
my head.

I was not prepared for what I saw when I looked in the full-length mirror.
There staring back at me was the girl I had always known I was! I shuddered,
and Margo lightly touched my arm.  "See, Bobbi," she half whispered to me.  "I
knew you could do it!  That is the real you!" She kissed me gently on the
cheek.  I had to agree with her.  That was indeed the real me.  It was also
the first time anyone had called me "Bobbi."  I have kept the name ever since.

Margo's transformation of me was good, but it was far from finished.  I stood
there in just bra, panties, garter-belt, sheer stockings, and wig admiring
myself in her full-length mirror.  I liked what I saw very much, but I also
wanted more!  Margo was quick to oblige.  She handed me a white lace full-slip
with little pink bows at the straps and at the hem that just matched the other
things I was wearing.  Then she led me to the make-up table, and we sat down
on the bench.

Margo picked the shades, and applied the make-up.  Soon my nails were a pink
to match the bows on the lingerie, and she was working the foundation over my
face.  "You have a tiny problem that most 'real girls' don't have," she said.
"You have to go a little heavier on the foundation to cover that little beard
of yours." The face powder, blush, and eye shadow were next, followed by the
mascara, and finally pink lipstick to match my nails.  "Put these in your
purse," Margo said handing me the lipstick, powder, and eye make-up she had
used on me. "You'll need them for touch-up's later."  She did her own make-up
then using blue shades on her eyes to set off the aqua lingerie she wore.  I
watched in fascination as I waited for my nails to finish drying.

With the make-up applied, Margo went back to her closet.  She soon produced a
pink leather purse, and pink pumps with four inch heels, and handed them to
me.  I slipped the shoes on, and she said.  "Put your make-up in the purse,
and then your wallet and cigarettes from your pants.  You'll need them when we
go out."  I swallowed hard, and began to shake!  I had not expected that all
of this would go beyond Margo's apartment!  I had been in Drag at home in my
mother's and sister's clothes in PRIVATE before, but Margo had been the only
person to have seen me as a woman up to today, and she had only been
privileged to that during the last hour!  I was scared!!  What if somebody saw
that I was really male?  What would or COULD happen?

Margo saw my fear, and smiled gently at me.  "Relax, Bobbi," she said. "We
girls are only going for a little walk, so you can see what being a woman
feels like outside.  You look lovely!  You will be fine.  Nothing bad will
happen."  I thought for a moment.  I did want to do it.  I was just scared of
the unknown.  I glanced at the clock.  It was almost 9:00PM, and it was dark
out.  Nobody would be able to see me very well, and I would be with Margo who
lived as a woman.  We would just look like two more women walking in New York
City's theater district and Times Square.  I told myself it would be all
right, but I was still frightened and excited over going out in Drag.

From the closet, Margo brought forth a white cocktail dress.  It was knee
length with three quarter sleeves, and the white satin under-dress was covered
in white lace.  I slipped it over my head while she put on a blue-green jersey
sheath that made her look positively slinky.  Margo did up the zipper at the
back of my dress, sprayed me with perfume, and announced.  "There!  Now you
are the sort of girl that men's dreams are made of!  Take a look!" I stepped
up to the full-length mirror again. I gasped at what I saw!!  There in the
mirror looking back at me was one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen!
She looked like something out of a movie!  It took me more than a moment to
get used to the fact that she was ME!!  I almost cried for joy!!

Margo reached into her jewelry box, and gave me a pink cameo locket on a thin
gold chain along with three gold rings one of which had a pink stone in a
marquise setting.  I put these on, and she gave me a pair of gold earrings
with pink baubles that hung down, and matched the cameo around my neck.  A
white lace shawl completed the outfit, and we were ready to leave for our
walk.  Margo opened the door of the apartment, we stepped out into the hall,
and rode the elevator down.  I was out in Drag for the first time!

On the street, the Manhattan traffic was noisy as ever, and somehow that was
very comforting to me.  I was terrified, and I needed something to remind me
that this was really happening.  As we walked I noticed that all eyes seemed
to be on me!  Had they found me out?  I asked Margo what was going on, and she
responded.  "Don't worry!  All men, whether they know it or not, look at all
women all of the time.  It is just biological.  You are a pretty girl, so all
the women will look too, and compare you with what they think they look like.
All those looks are a compliment!  Just relax, and enjoy it!" It took a while
yet after she said that to me, but after we had been out for half and hour I
was starting to calm down.

Margo stopped in front of a bar called "The Gilded Grape".  I knew the place.
It was the only real transvestite bar in New York City.  "Let's have a
cocktail!," she announced, and maneuvered me to the door.  I hesitated.  I
wasn't sure that I wanted to do this!  A walk on the street was one thing, but
talking to people up close in a bar was quite another!  "Stop worrying!,"
admonished Margo.  "All the girls here are guys.  Why not go in?"  She was
right.  That bar was probably even safer than the street.  Why not indeed?
Margo opened the door, and we went in.

The scene inside was familiar.  I had not been inside "The Gilded Grape" too
often, but I knew it well enough.  There were two bars.  One near the front
door where Edie, who looked more like a Beauty Queen than a Drag Queen, was
barmaid, and a bar at the back where Emma held court.  Emma was a biological
woman of some forty years who looked and acted like the puppet "Madam" from
the comedy act of "Whalen and Madam."  Indeed, Whalen had been a regular at
another Gay Bar where Emma had once worked, and had based the character of his
puppet on her!  It was to this rear bar that Margo led me.

All eyes seemed to be on me as I walked through the room.  I had sometimes sat
at one of those tables myself, and looked over the "girls" as they walked by.
Now it was my turn to be ogled by the men!  I was the "New Girl In Town" for
the guys to lust over!  I could FEEL all their eyes on me, and it felt GOOD!!
I could feel my penis stiffen down between my legs even though it was tucked
back into my crotch!  I felt like the woman that I wanted to be at last!  I
was a sex object, and I liked it!!

Margo and I sat at the bar, and ordered a drink.  I was introduced to Emma,
and received the first in a long string of compliments that I was to receive
that night.  I was starting to get used to being a girl. Just then a guy sat
down on the stool next to me.  Our eyes met, and I could see that he liked
what he saw.  "Hello," he said.  "You're new here?"  I replied that I was.  He
smiled, and asked if I would like to dance.  I hesitated for a moment, but an
elbow in my ribs from Margo helped me make up my mind!  We got up to go to the
dance floor, and he asked my name.  "Bobbi," I replied.  "Bobbi, eh?," he
said.  "It suits you.  A pretty name for a beautiful girl!  My name is Peter."
He was the first person to call me beautiful.

On the dance floor, Peter slipped his arms around me.  The D.J.  was playing a
slow number, and Peter held me very close as we glided across the floor.  It
felt good to be in his arms, in a man's arms!  It was not the first time that
a man had held me.  It was not the first time that I had danced with another
man.  Somehow, however, this was different.  There was something about the way
that he held me while we danced.  Maybe it was the way that he looked at me.
Maybe it was the way that his hand on my back moved slowly and gently trying
to get just the slightest touch of the more intimate parts of my body.  I only
knew that it felt very good, and I did not want it to stop!

I pressed closer to him, and felt his hard cock pressing against my thigh.  My
insides began to tingle!  Not only had I become the woman that I knew I was
that night, but I could bring a man to erection as that woman!

The music stopped, and Peter kissed me gently on the cheek.  I was surprised,
but I did not pull away.  His lips moved to mine, and we kissed for a moment.
Then he said.  "I hate to say this for both of us, but I have to leave now.
Here is my business card.  Will you call me this week?  I would like to have
dinner with you." I promised that I would, and he kissed me again.  This time
our lips parted, and we kissed for a very long time.  I promised again that I
would call him, and he departed.

I walked back to the bar.  I was feeling a little depressed that Peter had to
leave, but I thought about the next time I would see him, and my penis
tingled!  That would be quite a date!

Margo was still at the bar, but she was not alone.  She was talking to the man
sitting next to her.  He was tall, and not really good looking although
pleasant enough.  She was sitting  very close to him, and she pointed me out
to him as I approached.  As I sat on the other stool next to her he whispered
something to her, and nodded.  "Bobby, this is Frank," Margo said.  I shook
hands with him in greeting, and Margo asked me to accompany her to the "Ladies
Room." It was the beginning of another adventure in this eventful night!

Margo and I entered the "Ladies Room."  It was the first time that I had ever
been in one.  It was different from the "Men's Rooms" that I had been in.
There were no urinals, and one wall had a long mirror on it with a wide shelf.
A number of other Drag Queens were at the mirror adjusting their make-up.
"Take care of your needs, and meet me at the mirror," Margo ordered.  I did
so, taking the time to adjust the tuck of my penis back into my crotch between
my legs.  Margo was waiting at the mirror when I got there.

We took a moment to fix our make-up, and then Margo spoke.  "What do you think
of Frank?," she said.  I told her that he seemed nice enough not really
knowing what she was driving at.  Then she got very serious. "Frank is a sort
of friend of mine," she said.  "We see each other every couple of weeks.  He's
'straight', but he likes something different from his tacky wife sometimes.
Tonight he wants to party with two 'girls', and he likes you.  He's very
generous, so there's fifty dollars in it for you.  What do you think?"

This was not what I had expected tonight!  I knew that Margo turned tricks for
cash, but I had not considered doing it myself before.  The idea of being a
prostitute was exciting to me though, and after a moment of thought I said,
"All right!  I'll do it!  What do we do now?" Margo smiled.  "Just follow my
lead, and be friendly," she said, and led the way back to the bar.

We sat for a few minutes at the bar with Frank while he and Margo spoke, and
then we all rose to leave.  On the street, Margo and I each took one of
Frank's arms, and we walked to her apartment.  In the elevator, Frank took the
liberty of feeling my ass.  I only smiled at the intimate touch.  He would get
quite a bit more than a quick feel before that night was over!

Margo fumbled in her purse for keys while we stood at the door to her
apartment.  Frank lost no time in getting his money's worth of me!  He roughly
pulled me to him, and kissed me probing the inside of my mouth with his
darting tongue.  His arms were around me, and while his left arm pinned me to
him like a vice, I felt his right hand resume its explorations of my bottom.
With great care and skill he managed to hike my skirt high enough to slip that
right hand of his under the hem, and gain free access to the naked flesh of
the back of my left thigh above my stocking top.  He also treated his hand to
still another roam across my tush, now with only my filmy white panties
separating that hand from my soft, warm flesh, and probed a finger or two up
under the elastic of the leg hole for an added thrill.  All the while his
kissing had not missed a beat!

"Hey!  Break it up, you two!!"  Margo's voice snapped us back to reality.  She
was standing inside the apartment door, and beckoning us to come in.  "You may
find each other irresistible, but I do have neighbors, and besides I feel left
out!," she complained to Frank and I as we entered the apartment.  I murmured
a quiet apology, but Frank said nothing.  His response was to grab Margo in
his arms, and give her the same treatment he had given me a couple of minutes
earlier.  She writhed gently against him like the practiced temptress she was,
and I noticed her hand lightly stroking his cock through his trousers.  The
seemed suddenly oblivious to the fact that I was in the room.  I closed and
locked the apartment door, and sat demurely on the sofa like a good girl to
wait for them.

"Well, at least we know we all like each other!," was Margo's comment when
they joined me a couple of minutes later.  Frank plopped down on the couch
next to me, and Margo continued.  "I told you that you would like Bobbi,
Frank.  I am rarely wrong about such things.  This should be a fun evening!"
She paused for a moment, and then said, "Frank? Can we get the, Uh...
'financial arrangements' out of the way first?" Frank sighed, and produced his
wallet.  He took out some bills, and passed them to Margo.  She counted out
fifty dollars for each of us, and handed me my share saying, "Put this in your
purse, Bobbi."  I did, and then joined Margo who was standing before Frank.
"Well," she said. "Now we can have some fun!"

Frank sat on the sofa, and watched the events of the next few minutes unfold
before him.  Margo stood behind me, and unzipped my dress.  I stepped out of
it in a very ladylike way, and she tossed it over a chair leaving me with just
my slip to cover the rest of my lingerie. Then she turned her back, and I
removed her dress in the same way.  We faced each other, and kissed a long,
probing kiss while we both slid the straps of each other's slips off our
shoulders, and let then fall in delicate heaps about our ankles.

We stepped out of the piles of silk, and stood before Frank in just bra,
panties, garter-belt, stockings, and shoes.  I all in white lace with dainty
pink bows, and Margo in aqua silk with dark blue bows.  His eyes lit up like
searchlights!  If he had liked what he saw of us in the bar, he was now
positively bursting with excitement over the vision that he beheld!  The bulge
in his trousers was begging to be set free of its confinement, and I was
getting curious of what it looked like. Margo nudged me toward the couch, and
Frank took my arm to gently tug me into sitting on his lap.  Margo disappeared
into the bedroom.

I could feel the hardness of Frank's cock pressing into my soft behind as I
sat on his lap.  I wondered if he knew just how deeply into my ass I wished it
was REALLY pressing at that moment!  My own penis, in its tuck back in my
crotch between my legs, was now quite stiff too.  I could feel a longing
behind it deep inside of me.  As if the ghost of the vagina that should have
been there was yearning to feel the length of this man's cock plunging in and
out of it!  I was more than aroused by all had happened, all that was
happening, and all that was GOING TO happen it me that night!  I let all
control of myself go, and jumped headlong into the spirit of the evening!!

Frank was kissing me again, probing all the while at the inside of my mouth
with that delicious tongue of his.  This time, however, his hands had free
access to roam unchecked over all of me, and roam they did! He may not have
been a great lover, but dressed as I was, the sexual and sensual excitement
that I was feeling was all but overpowering.  I squirmed playfully on his lap,
and felt his now granite hard cock digging even more urgently into the soft
flesh of my bottom.

I was doing what I had always wanted to do!  I was sexually arousing a man as
a woman!  I had become what I had always wanted to be!  I was a woman in every
way that it was possible for me to be a woman at that moment!  I was living
the most incredible night of my entire life!  I wanted to savor every instant
of it!!

Margo appeared at the bedroom door, and called out to us.  "I've turned down
the bed, and I'm getting lonely in here!  Would you two care to join me in the
boudoir?"  Neither Frank nor I needed any encouragement to get us to head for
"...the boudoir."  If the poking and prodding that my little tushy was getting
by his cock every time I moved in his lap was any indication, he needed a
small trip to "...the boudoir," or he was going to make a large mess in his
trousers, and probably stain Margo's sofa in the process!  It was also obvious
that getting me into bed was the primary thought in his mind at that moment,
and I echoed it in my own mind as well.  I wanted him to get me into bed too!!

Frank's right hand never left some part of my body as we walked to the bed.
At the doorway his left hand picked up Margo, and was giving her the same
treatment.  "Stand still!," Margo ordered him as we approached the bed.  "You
are a little overdressed for the occasion, but we'll soon fix that!"  I
unbuttoned Frank's shirt, and Margo un-buckled his belt.  I pulled the shirt
off to reveal his massive, hairy chest. Frank might not have had a very
handsome face, but his body was hard, tanned, and muscular!  I treated myself
to a taste of his tiny male nipples as the shirt fell away, and felt him
stiffen and gasp with excitement.  I looked down, and saw that Margo had
disposed of his trousers and shoes, and was gently nibbling at his muscular
thighs while I was flicking at his nipples with my tongue.  Frank was immersed
in sexual passion, but we were having as much fun as he!

Then Margo kneeled in front of him, slipped her fingers into the waistband of
his briefs, and pulled them to his ankles.  A huge cock jumped forth, and
slapped against her cheek!  It was fully seven inches long, and two inches
thick!  A deep tangle of coarse black hair surrounded the base from which it
rose to end in a knob that looked as big as a Ping-pong ball!  A heavy sack
with large balls hung below, and Margo immediately began to taste those balls
making Frank give out a low moan.  I gasped, and stared at the huge cock that
only minutes ago had been prodding my ass through Frank's trousers.  More than
ever now, I wanted it in me!!

Margo stood up from kneeling, and surveyed Frank's naked body.  From the look
in her eyes, I could tell that she liked what she saw.  Looking at him, my own
penis throbbed and twitched although it was still confined by my panties, and
tucked back between my legs into my crotch. I was sure that Margo's penis was
doing the same things, and I also longed to touch it along with Frank's out of
curiosity.  "I said you would like this, Bobbi," Margo whispered in my ear as
Frank lay down on the bed.

Frank lay on his back with his hard cock jutting straight up while Margo and I
kneeled on either side of him.  His arms pulled us toward him, and he kissed
us each in turn.  We then began trickling kisses and tongue play down each
side of his neck, and across his body.  We each stopped at the small nipples
of his firm pectorals to suck and nibble gently.  Frank moaned quietly at the
attention the sensitive parts of his body were getting.  His hands were
roaming all over us.  He even managed to slip a finger of his left hand under
the elastic legband of my panties to just caress the head of my penis for a
moment.  I shuddered with ecstasy!  I did like what was happening just as
Margo said I would!

Margo and I moved further down Frank's body nearing the goal of our quest.  We
reached his cock at exactly the same moment, and started kissing either side
of it starting at the base, and working up.  At the tip, our lips finally met,
and we kissed each other with the head of Frank's circumcised cock pressed
tightly between us.  Frank let out an audible groan of pleasure as our mouths
parted, and we flicked at the glans with our tongues.  He liked what was
happening too!

I licked my way back to the base of Frank's cock while Margo continued teasing
its head with the tip of her tongue.  I found my way to his balls, and licked
at them hungrily.  The were warm and hairy, and they tasted just the way a
man's balls should taste to his woman.  I felt that I could have nuzzled them
for hours.  I nibbled at the sack, taking the loose flesh into my mouth, and
gently rolling it against the back of my lower teeth with my tongue as I
sucked on it.  I took one of the balls completely into my mouth, and slid my
tongue around and around it to Frank's obvious delight.

Margo descended to the base of Frank's cock, and I moved up to the tip. I took
the large head between my lips, and knew instantly that he was close to
orgasm.  I ran my tongue around the tip of his cock the way I had just been
doing with his balls, and I could taste the little trickle of pre-cum that
seeped from the slit.  I worked his cock in and out of my mouth slowly at
first, but gaining speed faster and faster as I worked!  I increased the
pressure with my lips bringing him ever closer to climax!

Frank's cock then all but literally exploded in my mouth!  His first stream of
semen shot all the way to the back of my throat, and splashed against my
tonsils before spilling down deep inside of me!  He continued to pump his cum
into my mouth until I thought it would overflow!  I held it all in, and lolled
it on my tongue tasting the delicious saltyness of it before greedily
swallowing it all to keep for my very own!

I lay back on the bed along Frank's left side after he had finished cumming in
my mouth, and Margo lay along his right.  He had his arms around us.  We all
played with each other while we waited for his balls to recharge with semen.
The night was far from over!

Frank did not take long to rest.  His hands were roaming all over Margo and I
as he lay there, and I was more than aroused already from all that had gone
before.  My penis, although still safely tucked away in my panties, was
throbbing with excitement!  I had my own load of semen straining for release,
and I was sure that Margo was in the same condition!  I wrapped my left hand
around Frank's cock.  It was stiffening again, and I could hardly wait!
Biologically Margo and I might be male, but in Drag at that moment, I was his
woman, and I wanted him inside of me!!

I continued playing with Frank's cock as it grew to full hardness while Margo
sucked gently on his right nipple.  His left hand suddenly slipped into my
crotch, and fingered my penis through the thin film of nylon that was my tiny
white panties.  I shivered with the ecstasy and anticipation of what was about
to happen!  I turned my head to face him, and out lips met.  His tongue
pressed its way back into my mouth. It tasted sweet.  I teased it with my own
tongue, and he responded by rolling to face me, and enfolding me in his arms.

We kissed long and passionately with him fondling my penis through my panties,
and I stroking his naked cock all the while.  Margo was all over both of us.
Caressing my behind, fingering his ass, touching my breasts, kissing his
strong back, and doing all she could to raise our already torrid level of
excitement.  My mind was racing wildly!  I could think of nothing else but
having Frank fuck me in every possible way!

I did not have long to wait!  Frank suddenly kneeled up on the bed, and slid
me onto my back before him.  His hands went to the elastic of my panties,
gripped them with his fingers, and stripped them from my quivering body!!  He
took hold of my calves to spread my legs, so that he could kneel between them.
As my legs parted, my penis popped free of its tuck in my crotch, and stood
straight up begging for further release!

I stared along my body at Frank's cock hovering over my tummy with its head
scant inches from the head of my own penis.  He was naked, and I now wore only
bra, garter-belt, and stockings.  I glanced at my penis, and thought of how
grotesque it looked.  It should not be there!  In its place I should have the
vagina of the woman I really was!  More than ever now, I wanted to be that
woman for him, and for myself!!

Margo lost no time in preparing the stage for the next act of our play. She
slipped a pillow under my hips to raise my ass so that it would be easier for
Frank to enter me, and spread some K-Y Jelly over the head of his cock.  It
was not a moment too soon!  Frank moved forward, and positioned his cock at my
waiting asshole.  I gasped deeply when its head popped past my sphincter!  I
moaned as he thrust the seven inches of its shaft up inside of me!  He waited
only for a moment while I caught my breath, and began a slow, rhythmic, in and
out motion, fucking me to further heights of passion!  My mind reeled with it
all!  At last I was being laid like a lady!  I did not want it to stop!!

Soon I felt something else warm at my asshole.  At first I had no idea of what
it could be!  Then I realized that it was Margo!  She was down between our
legs licking my ass, and Frank's cock and balls as he fucked me!  The feeling
was incredible!  I was being fucked and eaten at the same time!

Frank's cock soon started to grow warm and twitch inside of me, and I knew
that he was close to cumming.  My penis too was responding to being rubbed
between our bellies as he pumped me.  Suddenly Frank thrust his cock's full
length into me!  I felt it spasm, and then a warmth grew deep within my
bowels!  He was cumming as hard and hot as he had done in my mouth, and I
eagerly received his full load of semen! I had fulfilled the woman in me!  My
man had fucked me, and I enjoyed every second of his cumming!!

Frank's cock slipped from my ass as he fell back exhausted on the bed next to
me.  I felt a wetness on my tummy as he moved away.  I looked down to see my
penis shrinking after its final release.  I too has cum from the touching of
our bodies together!  I slid the pillow from beneath me, and lay quietly next
to him.

I had sampled all that I had ever wanted from the female side of my sexuality
that night.  I knew that it would happen again, but I wanted to savor this
first time.  I had lost my virginity as a woman, but there was still one more
thing to come tonight!

Margo appeared at the bedside with two washcloths.  She gently cleaned off the
remains of our passion as Frank and I lay together.  Soon Frank was able to
stand, and reluctantly he got dressed.  I could see that he did not want to
leave, but he had gotten all that he had paid for, and he had to go home.  I
too did not really want to see him go.

I stood, and tucked my penis back up into my crotch between my legs while his
back was turned.  I glanced at myself in the full-length mirror.  Standing
there in my bra, garter-belt, and stockings, the thatch of hair at my crotch
even looked like a woman's pussy!  This is what I had wanted to be, and that
night I had made it!

I kissed Frank one more time in good-by.  He smiled, and said, "You're quite a
woman, you know!"  Something tingled deep inside of me.  I could have been
paid no higher compliment at that moment.  A ladylike tear of joy welled up in
my eyes.  I knew now what I was, and what I had to be.  There was still a long
road ahead, but I had taken the first step.  I watched in silence as Margo
escorted him to the door, and let him out.

"Bobbi," Margo said as she returned to the bedroom.  "Please stay over
tonight.  It's really too late for you to go home anyway."  She did not wait
for me to answer, but reached into a drawer, and produced a lacy yellow
nightie for me.  I slipped out of my bra, garter-belt, and stockings, and put
it on.  When I looked up, she too was wearing a short, pale-blue nightie.

We lay down on the bed together, but as she relaxed her own small penis popped
free of her crotch, and jutted rigidly out from her body.  I then realized
that while Frank and I had both cum twice in the course of the evening, Margo
had not had any release!  "Just lay back, Margo," I whispered softly to her.
"It's your turn now."

I kneeled over her, and took her penis into my mouth.  Margo moaned prettily
as I worked on her.  This was not an act of hot passion as had gone before.
There was about it all the gentleness of two women making love, and that was
at it should be, for that was what was happening!

I sucked Margo's penis, and stroked her balls for only a few minutes when I
felt her cum gently in my mouth.  The taste was not as rough and salty as
Frank's semen, but sweet as I knew it would be.  She pulled me to her, and we
kissed sharing her cum in both of our mouths.  As the kiss broke we swallowed
the semen together.  It was the most gentle lovemaking I have ever experienced.

I pulled the covers over us.  We kissed again, and then drifted off to sleep
in each other's arms.  We had shared an incredible experience that night, and
would share many more in the future!


EPILOGUE:

I did not go home that night, nor for many nights after that.  I moved in the
very next day to live with her.  We lived together as two women for a couple
of years after that.  We had many other experiences with men both together and
individually since then, but none have ever surpassed that of my first night
in Drag!

--
