Archive-name: Bondage/newlife1.txt
Archive-author: Dr. Phil
Archive-title: A New Life


                             Part 1

  Funny how adaptable humans are. Your whole world can be turned
topsy turvy and inside out and after a few months it all seems
natural somehow. I'm 36 years old with a Master's Degree in
Electrical Engineering. I hold a patent and am a self-employed
consultant to several medium sized companies. 
  About a half-hour ago I was stripped naked and spanked. I'm
sitting here nude at a computer, self-conscious as hell, with a
painful hard-on and an ice cube wedged up my ass while my beautiful
young mistress and her friend are in the next room eating chips and
watching music videos. In an hour they will both read what I've
typed so far and if they don't approve of it I will be punished
severely. It's almost hard to imagine that I'm the same person who
occupied my body just a few months ago...

  Six months ago I was married to a wonderful girl and had a five
year old daughter. We weren't rich but I made a pretty decent
living consulting and we had a comfortable home in New Mexico. Our
home life was pretty normal, I think. My wife and I made love once
or twice a week and most of our activities revolved around our
daughter, Angela. 
  I never had the courage to talk to my wife about my interest in
B&D. It's not that she wouldn't understand, it's just that I was
ashamed to tell her, so I kept it to myself. I bought pornography
and read it in secrecy. I couldn't keep it around the house so I
devoured the stories and pictures with my eyes and discarded the
material. I would be able to recall the images and words and use
them to fuel my fantasies whenever I needed them. The frightening
thing was that I was needing them more and more often.
  My fantasies began as fairly normal `tie 'em up' stuff. I
imagined myself kidnapped by beautiful women, tied up and
physically abused. As time went by, however, my fantasies had to
become more and more involved in order for me to get off. They
began taking a darker turn and the abuse I dreamed of turned into
humiliations and sexual torments. I began craving the most depraved
treatment imaginable, and as the fantasies became even darker it
became more apparent that I would never be able to discuss them
with my wife. I felt trapped.
  There are a couple of companies that I do work for on a fairly
regular basis, so I get to know some of the people. One day about
six months ago one of the guys at a company I do work for asked me
if I wanted to stop off at a Happy Hour before going home. I'm not
a big drinker but I thought it couldn't hurt, so I accepted. 
  While we were there, enjoying the free food and listening to the
music, a couple of secretaries that we both knew saw us and walked
over to talk. The guy I was with was single and he asked one of the
girls if she wanted to dance. She accepted and that left me alone
with Jeannie. 
  Jeannie was a real fox! She was about 5'8" or so, with light
brown hair. She had a short skirt on that displayed her long
luscious legs. I tried my best to be suave and not oggle her but I
couldn't help but glance down at her legs every so often. She
noticed me doing it, I guess, and said "Is there something wrong
with my dress?"
  "Ahh, no. Nothing..." I coughed.
  "Well I notice you keep looking down at it, I was afraid there
might be something wrong", she teased.
  "No... I wasn't. I mean, well... sorry." 
  I knew I had to be blushing but she smiled at me as if to say she
understood and appreciated the attention. I sighed and shook my
head a little, smiling myself. I knew I'd been caught but, what the
hell, if she didn't want me looking at her she wouldn't dress that
way. We talked shop a little and eventually the conversation
drifted to other people we knew, what we did outside for
entertainment, and more social things. My friend had disappeared
with the other girl and I hardly even noticed he was gone.
  I'm not used to drinking so after a few glasses of wine I began
to loosen up quite a bit. I was reliving my single days and enjoyed
the attention that this young girl was showing me. I kind of showed
off a little, probably acted a bit like a jerk, but I was having a
ball, and she seemed to enjoy my company.
  I made a few off-color jokes and sexual double-entendres and she
giggled and told me I was a naughty boy. I remember her words
exactly:
  "Ooooh, you're a naughty boy! You keep talking like that and I
may have to take a hairbrush to you!" She giggled and raised her
drink to her lips but I noticed she was staring right at me. My
whole body stiffened a bit and before I could stop myself I gulped
a little. I didn't want her to realize how her words had affected
me but when I picked up my glass my hand started trembling. I was
mortified! I put the glass down as quickly as I could and tried to
act nonchalant.
  "That really got to you, didn't it?" she chided me.
  "Well, it's an interesting threat" I quipped back. "I can
certainly think of many worse ways to go!" I tried to turn it into
a joke, but she had me hooked and she wouldn't back off.
  "Watch out for me" she winked. "I may be young but I've got sharp
claws and teeth. I see you still keep looking at my legs. Don't
deny it. It's okay. I think you're pretty cute." She licked her
lips teasingly and asked me if I thought the place was getting a
little noisy."
  "Uh.... I'm married. I'd a... well..."
  "I didn't ask you if you were married. I asked if you thought it
was getting a little noisy in here. And crowded. My, you certainly
do have some naughty thoughts rolling around in your head! I
thought you might like to just stop by my place for one last drink
and some more quiet conversation."
  There it was. There was no mistaking the offer. I absolutely
should have just thanked her and gone home, but I was horny as
hell. She was gorgeous, about 24 years old. She could have any man
in the place... and she wanted me! And she said I was naughty. That
one phrase got my penis itching and twitching. I had had more
drinks than I should have and was loose as a goose. I figured that
if I said no now, I'd never ever have another chance like this.
Never.
  "Sure. Why not? I'd kinda like that."
  I paid for our drinks with shaking hands. Jeannie turned to walk
out and I had a rock hard erection as I followed her. Her back was
sleek and her hips and legs flowed as she confidently strode
towards the door. Her thighs were fantastic! I gulped as we exited
the place and she turned to look at me. She had a way of smiling
that looked like laughing. Her eyes were bright and I was shaking
like a leaf. She pointed out her car and told me to get in mine and
follow her.
  We drove for about a half hour before she turned the car into the
driveway of a small white house. I remember telling her I was
surprised that a single young girl like herself wouldn't have an
apartment closer to town. She said that she liked her privacy and
thought that apartments were nothing more than little boxes where
people were stored. She had been renting this house for over a year
and she was willing to make the 40 minute drive each way to work. 
  I was beginning to worry about the time so I asked her if she
minded if I used her phone. She chuckled knowingly and said "sure".
I picked up the phone and punched in my home phone number.
  "Hi honey, it's me. I'm afraid I'm gonna be pretty late tonight.
We got ourselves into a bit of a jam and I can't leave until we've
figured a way around it. No, I ate something from the machine. I
will. Kiss Angela for me. Bye, hon."
  When I hung up the phone Jeannie walked back into the room. She
had a cigarette in one hand.
  "You do that very well. Lie, I mean. Don't feel bad. I
understand. I'm attracted to naughty little boys. Don't lie to me,
though, or I'll whip your ass."
  I was stunned at her blatant comment. On one hand I was shocked,
but on the other hand we both knew why I had come with her... Both
knew what had attracted me. She was gorgeous, but in addition to
that there was the chance that I might get an opportunity to live
one of my fantasies. She might be just teasing me, leading me on,
but I was compelled to take the chance.
  We sat and talked for awhile. She smoked but neither of us had
another drink. She was fencing with me. Teasing me with suggestions
of punishments. I parried humorously, but we both saw the trembling
in my hands and knees.
  We talked about all kinds of things, our likes and dislikes, what
we wanted from life. Finally she came right out and told me that
she was naturally dominant and that any man who wanted her would
have to accept that. I coughed and said I understood how she felt.
I swallowed and got ready for the big step. I told her that I was
naturally submissive. Her eyebrows lifted and she had a wry smile
on her face.
  "I thought so" she said. "Something about your eyes when we were
talking back at the bar."
  I blushed, but now that it was out in the open I began to tell
her of my fantasies and desires. She held my gaze with rapt
attention. It seemed I couldn't stop talking. My secret had been
pent up inside of me for so long and it felt so good to finally let
it out. To tell someone who understood!
  She crossed her legs and stared into my eyes as I told her about
my darkest desires. The humiliations and degradations I craved. Her
dress was way up on her thighs and she dangled her shoe on her toes
as she teased me and made me continue with my confession.
  When I was through she just sat there. She didn't say a word for
at least a minute, then she crushed out her cigarette in the
ashtray and stood up.
  "I'm glad you told me the truth, slave, because if you had lied
I would have known it and fucked you over good."
  `Slave!' She had called me slave! I didn't know what to do. This
was like some sort of a dream. Without knowing why, I slipped to
the carpeted floor on my knees and looked down. I heard her laugh
cruelly.
  "So that's it, huh? You just pour your guts out then drop to your
knees and I'm supposed to make everything feel good, huh? Well, it
doesn't work that way. I told you I was dominant. That means it's
MY pleasure, my fun that I'm looking out for. I'm not a prostitute.
You don't throw me a few bucks and I whip your ass and send you
home. Oh nooooo! If you want me then it's by MY rules."
  "Y-yes... Mistress." I gulped.
  "Don't call me `Mistress'. I hate that. It makes it sound like
I'm acting out some kind of a play for your amusement. I'm not. My
name is `Jeannie'.
  "Yes, Jeannie. I'm sorry."
  "And when you answer my questions, say "Yes m'am, or No m'am". It
shows respect.
  "Yes, m'am." I knelt there trembling. I raised my eyes and looked
up at her. As beautiful as she was before, she somehow seemed even
more beautiful. So full of self-confidence for one so young. She
had me trembling at her feet and she looked down with amusement at
me. She raised one of her legs and stuck her shoe in my chest.
  "Kiss it, slave. Kiss my foot."
  I caressed that shapely leg and held it dearly. I gently kissed
her shin once, twice, three times. I massaged her calf as I
continued kissing her leg, working my way down to her high heeled
shoe. I was nearly crying with lust but through it all I could hear
her chuckling. I was making her happy! Maybe she'd let me stay!
  "You're not very good at that, you know."
  "I'm sorry m'am. I'll do better. I promise."
  "Damn right you will. You'll get better with practice. I expect
to make a first class licker out of you. Lot's of practice you'll
get.... heheheh. Your tongue will be my perfect little slave!"
  "Yes m'am" I answered in between licks. 
  "There's something wrong with this picture. I know! It's the way
you're dressed. You've got too many clothes on and that's bad. I
like my men bare. Take off all your clothes, and I mean EVERYTHING! 
Let's see. I'll give you... one minute. In exactly 60 seconds
you're to be completely naked, and I want you kneeling facing that
wall with your knees spread and your nose touching the rug. If you
take one second longer you'll be out that door carrying your
clothes and you'll never come back. Do you understand?"
  "Yes m'am" I answered. My heart was pounding. This was it! It was
really happening. Could I go through with it? If I chickened out
now I knew I'd spend the rest of my life reading magazines and
jacking off and remembering the time I had a shot at it and blew
it.
  She held her wrist up and looked at her watch. "OK, 60 seconds,
starting....now!"
  I sat on the floor and kicked off my shoes while my fingers
tugged my tie off and began working on my shirt buttons. I paused
to tug off both of my socks then resumed unbuttoning my shirt.
Finally I pulled my arms out of the sleeves and dropped it to the
floor. I undid my belt and opened my pants, lifting my ass off the
floor as I pushed them down to my ankles. I lost a little time
pulling them off my feet. I felt I could make it but I didn't want
to take any chances. Damn! I managed to get the pants off, turning
one of the pant legs inside out in the process. I was left in my
tee-shirt and jockey shorts.
  "Fifteen seconds left... don't dawdle!"
  I pulled the tee shirt over my head and yanked my arms out of the
sleeves. That must have taken a good five seconds. I hesitated as
I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my jockey shorts. This was
it. This was the big step. Did I have the guts to do it? I didn't
have any time to think about it, I pushed the underpants down
around my thighs. I felt cool air on me as I pulled my knees back
and tugged the underwear off my ankles. I was almost out of time!
In a panic I rolled over facing the wall. I got on my knees and
lowered my head so that my nose was touching the carpet. My ass was
way up in the air! Just as Jeannie called "Time!" I remembered to
spread my knees wide.
  I was breathing heavily. I made it! I was crouched down on my
arms and knees with my bare ass up in the air and spread wide
before this young secretary, and I was thankful I had made it! I
felt so perverse, so ashamed of myself. I wanted to jump up and
pull my clothes back on and tell her it was all a mistake. How
would I ever face her again in the office?
  "Well, you look pretty good like that! I think I'll keep you that
way. What do you think? Do you think some of the other girls at
work might like to see you this way? I'll bet they would! We'll see
about that later... In the meantime, you've disappointed me very
much. Do you know why?"
  "N-no m'am"
  "I told you to take off everything, didn't I?"
  "Yes, m'am"
  "Well, what's that on your wrist, and on your finger?"
  I gasped! In my haste I had forgotten my watch, and my wedding
band!
  "I-I'm sorry, M'am! I'm sorry!" I pleaded as I pulled off my
watch. I struggled a little with the gold band on my finger, but I
managed to get it off and placed both on the floor beside me. I
then quickly put my nose back on the floor and spread my knees as
wide as I possibly could! I could almost feel my anus stretched
open and my balls hung freely between my thighs. I was terrified
that I had blown it!
  "I'm not going to make you leave because this was your first
mistake. But you fucked up!"
  "Y'es m'am. I'm sorry m'am!" I pleaded.
  "You can stay but you're going to have to learn to obey me
better. The next time I tell you I want you completely naked, I
want you COMPLETELY naked! Not nearly naked. Not almost naked. I
want you bare! No matter where you are, no matter who else is
there. I want you bare with your nose to the floor and your ass
spread wide! I may want to show you to someone and I don't want you
embarrassing me in front of my friends. After all, they may be your
friends too. You do want to show them how well you've been trained
don't you?" She giggled mischievously. She knew she was twisting my
guts with what she was saying.
  "Please m'am! Don't show me like this to anybody! I'd die!"
  "You just worry about behaving and keeping that naughty little
ass of yours spread open for me. I'm going to punish you for your
mistake. I'm going to spank that little ass of yours and turn it
red. And I want you wiggling it and thanking me the whole time, do
you understand?"
  "Y'es m'am, thank you m'am!"
  I felt her fingertips on my back, lightly touching me. I trembled
but held position. I felt my asscheeks clenching as I waited for
the first blow. Finally I felt a little movement of air and the
next thing I knew the palm of her hand had cracked hard against my
left asscheek.
  "Ouch!" I jumped a little. It really hurt! I had never been
spanked before so I had no idea it would hurt as much as it did.
But it burned!
  "Owww! Owww! Owwwwwww!" Three more slaps in quick succession had
me shifting my weight on my knees. It wasn't supposed to hurt this
much, was it? This was for disobedient children. Surely a grown man
would feel nothing more than a little discomfort. But I was wrong!
It hurt like hell!
  Jeannie continued spanking me while I squirmed and tried my best
to hold my ass in position. Several spanks in a row on the same
spot had tears rolling down my face!
  "Don't be such a big baby. You want a diaper? Is that what the
big baby wants?"
  "No, m'am" I sniffed. I was mortified to realize that my penis
was hard as a rock. The way I was positioned it was easy for
Jeannie to see how aroused I was by her punishment.
  "Wait here, just like that. Don't move a muscle."
  I was grateful for the relief. My ass was on fire! My dick was
twitching, and I'd never felt more humiliated, or more horny, in my
life! This was soon to change...
   A couple of minutes later she came back into the room and
fumbled near the end table.
  "Keep your head down and your nose to the rug, boy, or I'll whip
the hide right off you!"
  I obeyed. My knees were shaking and I was still blinking tears
away. Finally she came back to me and started fondling my ass. She
squeezed the tender cheeks in her fingers and pulled them wide
apart. She then moistened a finger and stuck it right on my
sensitive asshole! I thought I would go berserk from the sensation.
She lightly patted my asshole with her finger, laughing and telling
me how it was opening and closing. She didn't have to tell me, I
could feel it! She taunted me about what a naughty little ass I had
and told me to beg her for another spanking.
  I was so hot that my dick hurt. I pleaded like a whore for her to
spank me. I wiggled my ass and cried into the rug. I bared my soul
to her! I told her I loved her and that I would always be her
slave. I begged her to tie me up, to whip me, to use me for her
pleasure. 
  She told me to look back at her and continue begging. She said
she loved to hear men beg. I lifted my head slightly and looked
back. She was still wearing the same dress she was in at the bar,
and she was smiling from ear to ear. I gazed in her eyes and
proclaimed my undying devotion to her. I begged her some more to
spank me and even wiggled my ass at her. I was gone! Like a maniac,
I was completely out of control. My brain had been switched off and
my body was being directed solely by my gonads. It was then that I
noticed the video camera on the end table, pointing directly at me!
I froze in mid squirm.
  "Smile, honey. You're on candid camera!" she giggled.
  "No, turn it off! It wasn't on, was it?" I panicked. I started to
get up but she slapped my ass so hard I nearly fell over. Then she
grabbed my ear and put her lips right to it, whispering menacingly:
  "Yeah, it was on. Congratulations, you're a movie star. Don't
even THINK about doing anything foolish, boy. For one thing, you
may think you're stronger than I am, but I've been studying Karate
since I was fourteen years old. I have a black belt and I PROMISE
you that I could hold you here until the police arrived."
  "You were so busy looking at my ass when we walked out of the bar
that you didn't notice that Jim and Denise both saw us leave
together. Even if you could get the camera and get away, which I'm
sure you couldn't, the police would be looking for you. I'd tell
them you raped me. You'd be ruined. What would your wife say when
they came to arrest you? You could swear you never touched me, but
I'll have torn clothes and bruises on my body. The people who saw
us leave together will certainly testify. And you a married man,
too! Shame!" Jeannie laughed and snorted.
  "Get out, slave!" she yelled at me. Pick up your clothes and
CRAWL out of here on your hands and your knees. Crawl to your car
and get in. Then put your clothes on and drive home to your wife.
I'll call you when I want you again."
  I was devastated. What had I done to myself? She was right, of
course. I could try overpowering her but either way I'd be fucked.
My only hope was that she'd be discreet. That's it! It would be our
special thing. It's what I'd always dreamed about. No matter what
else I was feeling there was no denying how hard my cock was or the
sensual pleasure I had felt while being forced to degrade myself in
front of this young woman.
  I grabbed my clothes in my hands and crawled naked towards the
door. Jeannie had the video camera in her hands and was moving it
to follow me as I knelt in front of the door, like a dog waiting to
be let out. I hesitated only a moment then reached up and turned
the knob. I swung the door inward and proceeded to crawl out onto
the porch. It was a warm dark night and I prayed that nobody would
be able to see me as I crawled over the grass and up to my car. I
reached up and opened the door, then stood up and quickly sat down
in the driver's seat. I took the keys from my rumpled up pants
pocket and started the car. As I backed out of the driveway I saw
Jeannie standing in her doorway still pointing the camera at me. I
drove about a block then pulled over to the side. Quickly I pulled
my clothes back on. The last thing I needed was to be stopped by a
cop!
  After I was dressed I drove the 45 minutes to my home. When I
walked into the house I heard the TV on and my wife called to me: 
  "Did you get that problem solved at work, honey?"
  "Yes, dear. I fixed things just great." 
  She came over and kissed me on the lips. I looked like a wreck.
  "Why don't you take a nice hot shower and get into bed. You look
beat."
  "I look beat?" I shook my head a little and started up the
stairs. "If only you knew..."

--
