Copyright  © 1997, Pedros,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this entire notice attached.  The author may be contacted through mrdouble@airmail.net.





                                                                               NEW SHOES



                                                                              Chapter 1







                   "Hey, Jan. Check out these!"
                   "Wow! What’d you give for them! They’re rad! See these, Simon?"
                    "What about this lot!"
                    They were like a whirlwind! Three young lads, all around eleven or twelve years of age, had swept into the shop and were crouched at the stack of new sneakers that had arrived only yesterday and I had been getting ready for display. I watched from the other side of the store as they excitedly looked through the pile, letting my eyes take in their enchanting beauty. They were all in shorts and tee-shirts and sneakers, their legs long and tanned, their bodies slim. Two were blonde and the other had dark brown hair. They could have been brothers, but I guessed they were just school buddies. They were the sort of boys I fantasised about and I looked at each of them as I slowly made my way over to them.
                    Jan was the tallest and appeared the oldest of the three. He was a tousle-haired blonde, a light smattering of freckles around his cheeks and the bluest eyes I had ever seen. His body was just entering that awkward stage, no longer little boy and not yet adolescent ... almost lanky but not in an ungainly or unattractive way. He was wearing baggy shorts that did nothing to display his young body to advantage, but were considered 'trendy’ by his age-group. They were certainly not designed by someone who appreciated young male beauty. He had on a pair of battered sneakers that looked as though they were well past their use-by date.
                    Simon was a really beautiful boy, dark hair cut short, dark brown eyes with long dark lashes accenting them, smooth olive complexion and a mouth like Elvis without the sneer. His body was beautifully proportioned, slim  but quite muscular. He wore a tight tee-shirt that showed off the contours of his shoulders, chest and belly and I could make out the bumps of his nipples under the thin stretched material. He wore white shorts that were short and tight, just as I liked them. He was squatting on his haunches in front of the stack of shoes, his buttocks resting on his sneaker heels and my beath caught at the sight. The shorts were stretched tightly across his buttocks and I could see the outline of his underpants beneath them. There was also a nice little peaked bulge in his lap. His legs were tanned and firm, slim ankles going into a pair of old Adidas sneakers worn without socks. His feet were quite large, bending underneath him, the sneakers gaping at the top as he knelt. 
                    I had the feeling, looking at Simon, that he was aware of his beauty - that he wore his clothes, and moved around, knowing he was being looked at and enjoying that attention; and that he deliberately set out to increase that attention. While he was squatting there, he looked over towards me and gave me a cheeky grin, catching me staring intently at him.  I blushed, but managed a smile and wink back at him. He gave a happy laugh and looked back up at the third boy and made some remark. The third boy looked over in my direction and smiled and I wondered what Simon had said to him.
                     The third boy was also blonde and appeared to be the youngest. He had a cute face, blue eyes, button nose, full lips and a smooth complexion. He wore a Kidzone tee-shirt and a pair of torn-leg denim shorts. His bare legs were the same  creamy colour of his arms and neck and appeared hairless. He was standing beside Simon facing towards me and I noticed there was a rather nice little bulge in the front of his shorts as well; and I felt myself stir as I wondered what treasures might be found within. He was also wearing an old pair of Reeboks that looked scuffed and tired and a pair of sports socks.
                              "Can I help you guys?" I asked coming up to them. The closer I got to them, the better they looked; and now, standing beside them, I felt slightly flustered to be near such exciting young boys. 
                               "We want to get some new sneakers," Jan said.
                                "Yeah. Like these, man," said the third boy, pointing to the Nikes on the stack.
                                "We’d never be able to afford those, Chris," Simon told him. His voice was as beautiful as he was. "Would we, mister?" He turned his large brown eyes towards me, a smile on his lips, an inflection in his voice which made me wonder whether he was hinting at something. How badly did these kids want the shoes? And what would they do to get them? Had he realised from my scrutiny of them that I might be prepared to negotiate a deal? My penis stirred at the thought of the deal I would be prepared to make!
                                I acted as though everything was normal, though. "You never know," I told them. "Why don’t I measure you and we’ll see?"
                                 "Terrific," the boy I now knew was Chris said, plonking himself down on the stool in front of him and starting to untie his shoelaces. I knelt in front of him and the other two stood alongside us. By the time I had got my measuring tool from the compartment under the shoe-stand, he had removed his sneakers and was sitting in his socks.
                                 "I’ll need to measure your bare feet, Chris," I said, my hands moving to the top of his sports socks. I slowly eased them down, one hand cupping his heel, the other removing the socks. He had long feet, the tan line at the top of his ankles a marked contrast to the whiteness of them. His bare legs were a golden tan and devoid of hair and I couldn’t help but look at where they disappeared inside the leg of his shorts. From there my eyes were automatically drawn to the bulge in his lap. I glanced up at Chris and he was watching me looking at him, the same smile on his face that he had had when Simon had made that earlier remark to him when he had caught me looking at him. Again, I wondered whether they were a little more wordly-wise than one would expect from boys their age.
                                 I went back to concentrating on the task in hand - namely, measuring Chris’s feet. I rested his left foot on my thigh as I took his right foot onto the measuring plate. It was a habit I was in, enjoying the feel of naked feet on me while I did my work, satisfying my desires unbeknown to the person I was serving. At least so I thought. I brought the adjustable sections in to measure the length and width of Chris’s right foot, my fingers feeling along its length, touching his toes and wrapping around his warm heel. "Size eight and a half," I said to him. "You’ve got big feet for a young lad. Let’s check the other one."
                                I placed his right foot on my thigh and took hold of his bare left foot. As I moved it down towards the measuring device, I squeezed it gently in both hands, letting my thumbs rub across the arched top. As I placed his foot into the shaped plate, I drew my hands down its length and held his toes for a moment before releasing him. He wriggled them when his foot was flat in the measuring device as if telling me he liked what I did. My penis had begun to stiffen when I first put his bare foot on my thigh and held his other in my hands, and now it stretched inside my underpants. I leaned over to measure him, the movement easing me into a more comfortable position. My movement, however, also caused Chris’s toes to touch my chest and I thought he would put his foot down off my thigh, but, to my further pleasure, he left it there and even moved his toes against me. I glanced up at him when I realised what he was doing and he was looking straight at me, almost challenging me to do something. I did nothing, but inside I was extremely excited by this young lad’s awareness of what was occurring between him and me.
                            "It’s eight and a half, too," I said to him when I had brought the guages in to touch his foot. "You’ve certainly got a firm  grip on the earth," I joked as I leaned back, resting my hand on his bare foot.
                            "There’s a saying about the length of one’s feet," Simon said with a smile, watching the proceedings with interest.
                             "And what would that be?" I commented, looking up at him, knowing full well what he was referring to. "You look to have big feet as well."
                             He blushed and laughed, realising I knew what he was thinking of. The other boys twigged as well and they all giggled. Chris stood up from the stool barefooted and began looking through the stack of new sneakers for his size.  Jan took his place in front of me. The lowness of the stool and Jan’s tallness meant his knees were level with my face. I couldn’t help but look up his legs as I leaned forward to undo the laces on his shoes. His baggy shorts gaped wide and I could see up the insides of both thighs to his groin. His skin was smooth and devoid of hair and I could just see the white edging of his underpants and the side of the bulge in their crotch at the top of his thighs. I swallowed nervously. Having these three youngsters all at the same time was a bit overwhelming. Jan must have caught my glance at him because he suddenly brought his thighs together, thus preventing me seeing further. I carried on untying his laces.
                               "Hey, Jud! Over here."
                               I looked up as the shop door slid open and Simon called out to the boy coming through. It was another youngster about eleven years of age, obviously another member of this group. He was shorter than the others, with dark curly hair neatly cut, blue eyes, a cheeky looking face and nicely tanned skin. He was wearing a sports shirt and jeans and a newer looking pair of cheap sneakers. He  joined us and immediately began going through the display of new shoes with Chris making little comments and whistles of appreciation as he did so.
                               I turned back to Jan’s feet, sliding his sneakers off and then began to unroll his socks. I pulled them slowly off his left heel, cupping it as I had with Chris and gently massaging the solid ball of flesh as I went. I felt Jan tense up slightly and guessed no one had ever shown such tenderness to his feet before me. I gently removed his sock, uncovering a firm, well-shaped foot. His skin was smooth and his foot was classic in proportion, his toes tapering and the nails clean and trimmed. His big toe was in line with the inner edge of his foot and the other toes all ran parallel to it, a slight gap between the big and second toes. I slid my hand beneath his foot and pressed my thumb along the groove under his toes, massaging the ball of his foot as I moved it towards the measuring plate. When I had placed it in position, I gently squeezed his foot between both of my hands then proceeded to measure him. I could feel he had relaxed and seemed to be starting to enjoy my attention.
                       "Size eight," I told him after adjusting the measures. "Slightly smaller than your buddy. But a nice looking foot, though. Let’s do the other one." Again, I placed his bare foot on my thigh and brought his other foot over towards the measuring device. I was becoming very aroused handling these youngsters’ feet and my penis was now almost fully erect, fortunately concealed by the way I was kneeling and the constriction of my underpants. I wondered what the boys would do if they knew, especially Simon and Chris. Somehow, I didn’t think those two would mind. I thought, in fact, they might enjoy the effect they were having on me.
                      I unpeeled the sock from Jan’s other foot, slowly uncovering the wonderfully formed partner to the one on my thigh. They were identical. The same even colour, the same classic shape, the same exquisitely formed straight toes. The nails were as clean and cared for as the others and I couldn’t help but caress his foot as I held it. His skin was slightly damp, the faint odor of his socks and sweat drifting up to my nostrils. It took all my will-power to not press my face to him then and there. Instead, I contented myself with inhaling deeply and taking my time in placing his foot down to be measured. It was also a perfect size eight.
                       "Both done," I told him, letting my hands rest on his bare feet and looking up at him. He had allowed his legs to open again and I couldn’t help but glance up them again on the way up. This time, from the angle I was at and the way Jan was sitting, I could see almost the entire front of his underpants and was certain I could see the shape of his penis outlined in them . It was only a glimpse, but it appeared as though Jan was semi-erect, his penis running up towards his hip, the pouch of his testicles bulging his underpants below. The vision implanted on my brain like a photograph. My eyes glanced up at Jan and he was just watching me, making no move this time to prevent my looking at him. My hands were gently stroking his feet and I realised that the boy was aware of what I was doing and liked it. I smiled at him and was rewarded with a smile in return. My heart skipped a beat or two. He had a charming smile that lit his whole face and I saw how good looking he really was. It seemed as though we shared something in that exchange - something personal and just between us.
                         Then the moment ended and his attention went back to the shoes his friends were examining. He removed his foot from my thigh and from under my hands and stood up, his shorts just brushing me as he did so. As he turned, my face was level with his groin and I had a vision again of what I had glimpsed moments before. A plan was formulating in my head that might enable me to view those hidden treasures; and I wondered whether I would have the nerve to put it into action.
                         Then Simon was sitting down in front of me and my attention was solely his. He was even more gorgeous close-up, his tanned skin smooth and unblemished. He had a fine down on his forearms, but his thighs were bare, the down starting on his calves again. Against his white shorts, his legs were evenly bronzed. He was only wearing sneakers without socks and he raised his left foot for me to take as soon as he was seated. He looked at me cheekily. I winked at him and took hold of his foot. He moved his other foot forward so it was between my legs, directly beneath my groin as I knelt in front of him, only millemetres from touching me. He certainly knew what he was doing and my penis erected fully in response.
                              I looked at his crotch as I began to ease his sneaker from his heel. His shorts were stretched tight and he was outlined clearly within them, his rather small looking penis running up his groin and his two testes making small bumps either side of the seam. My hands shook slightly as I slowly removed his shoe, my eyes drawn downwards to see him being exposed. The flesh on his foot was the same tanned colour as his legs indicating he went without shoes most of the time. As I drew the sneaker slowly along it, my hand cupped the ball of his foot, feeling the hardness of his sole from his barefoot exploits; but the skin, although firm, wasn’t rough, as I had expected it to be.
                             I drew the shoe off completely, letting my hand slide up and hold his ankle between my thumb and fingers, gently stroking the groove between his heel and ankle bone. My other hand went to his toes, feeling their flexibility and strength. I took each digit, one at a time, between my fingers, massaging the ball of flesh beneath, letting my fingers convey my appreciation of them by their tender ministrations. His toes were shorter than Jan’s, the ends wedge shaped with blunt tips. His big toe was slightly longer than its neighbour and was quite thick compared to the others. His nails were clean and neatly trimmed, oval in shape and with a clear cuticle arc at their base. I ran my thumb over his big toenail and it was silky smooth to my touch. I moved from one toe to the next, trying to let the boy know how I felt about him while, at the same time, trying not to do anything that might turn him or the others off me. So far, each of them seemed to enjoy my attention. I gave each of his toes a gentle examination and massage before finally placing his foot into the measuring shoe and bringing the sliding blocks in against his big toe and the bulge of its knuckle. 
                           "A very nice seven and a half," I told him, cradling his bare foot in my hands.
                           "I thought you’d be bigger than that," Chris said, looking at his friend. He had been watching me measuring Simon. "You’re always telling us how big you are." He laughed.
                           Simon blushed and I knew immediately what Chris was referring to.
I squeezed his foot reassuringly and smiled up at him. "From what I can see you’ve got nothing to worry about there, son," I said softly, just for him to hear - which made him blush even more.  "I like them around about your size," I added, deciding that it was time I started to hint at what my intentions towards them were. My plan had crystallized as I had been measuring Simon and I needed to set about creating the right environment for it to succeed. 
                           Simon grinned his cheeky grin at my last comment and glanced up at Chris. They shared a secret smile that only I noticed. Jan and Jud were still searching through the pile of new shoes. I placed his bare foot on my thigh as I had the others, and took his right foot up, beginning to ease his shoe off. To my surprise, the boy moved his bare foot higher up my thigh until his toes were resting along the length of my penis, which I had thought undiscernable under my slacks. He pressed himself against me, letting me know  that what he was doing was very deliberate. I looked up at him and he was no longer smiling but had a bold, almost challenging, look on his face. I answered him by leaning forward slightly, making the contact between us even more firm, but turning my attention back to his foot.
                 This time I let him know how I felt. I slowly slid his sneaker off, my hands folding around his bared foot and squeezing his firm flesh. I stroked in the grooves around his ankle and massaged down under his heel, my fingers and thumb pressing firmly against the toughened skin. Then I moved around to the top of his foot and I manipulated his tendons and sinews with my fingers, gradually moving them down to his toes. I spread each toe, running my fingers between each one, teasing along their length and pressing my thumb up underneath them to press against the ball of his foot. Simon watched intently as I worked upon his foot, wriggling his toes against me to show his pleasure. He was also wriggling the toes of the foot pressed against my organ and I was fully aroused.
                    Simon’s right foot was similarly tanned and shaped like his left, his toes rather more stubby than I liked but well formed, the nails trimmed and clean. There was a slightly moist feel to his skin from the sneakers and my fingers slid around and between his toes quite smoothly. His smell was rather pleasant in spite of the musty odour from his old shoes and I breathed in deeply while I fondled him.
                    "Are you going to measure me, too, mister?"
                    My intensifying pleasure was interrupted by Jud tapping me on the shoulder as he spoke. I started and realised I had been getting carried away by the sensations being created by the youngster before me. Simon must have been feeling the same intensity because he also jumped when Jud spoke and jerked his foot out of my lap, sitting up straighter on the stool and looking as though he was interested in me measuring his foot. 
                     Feeling slightly flushed, I put Simon’s foot onto the measuring plate and quickly took his statistics. Not surprisingly, the foot was the same size as its mate. Reluctantly I let his foot go and he stood up, making room for Jud to sit down. He then walked barefooted around the pile of new shoes and began searching through them for a pair his size.
                     I looked at the last of the boys sitting before me, his clear blue eyes with their long lashes holding my gaze steadily. He was as gorgeous looking as the other three, slim and tanned and the shortest of the group. His body was well proportioned, though, from what I could see. He was wearing jeans so I could only guess at what was hidden beneath them, but, from what I could see, he would be delightful all over. 
                     "Okay, buddy. Let’s have a look..." I said and I began to unlace his shoes. He leaned over to undo the other and I smelled the freshly showered and powdered odour of his young body. "Mmmm. You smell nice," I couldn’t help saying, our heads close together. He didn’t respond but sat back after untying his lace and just looked at me. I sensed a hint of wariness in his attitude and decided I would need to be cautious with this boy. Now I was this close to him, I realised he was also the youngest of the group and couldn’t have been older than ten. The similarity between him and Simon was also more noticeable close up and I guessed they were probably brothers. How this would affect my plan I had no idea. I hoped it wouldn’t spoil it.
                          I tugged Jud’s sneaker from his foot and began peeling the sports sock off. I decided to do this more business-like than I had with the others as I didn’t want to upset the youngster by moving too quickly. Once his foot was bare, I held it in my hand lightly, feeling the softness of his pale skin. He obviously didn’t go around barefoot anywhere near as much as Simon, his skin was too white and the soles tender to my touch. I moved my thumb under the arch of his foot, gently sliding it across the moist skin and he flinched.
                          "I’m sorry," I said, holding my hand still and looking up at him.
                          "I’m ticklish," he said softly, as though it was something to be ashamed of.
                           "Well I better take care, then,  shouldn’t I?" I responded, making my touch a little firmer. I was rewarded with a shy smile and I relaxed slightly. This might be working out okay.
                          I only stroked the boy’s foot minimally, making my touch firm and deliberate to prevent tickling him and he gradually relaxed. I measured his foot and announced its size as six and a half. The others all stopped rummaging through the shoe pile to look at him.
                          "Six and a half?" Jan queried. "You’re two sizes less than me."
                          "I reckon that’d be right," piped in Simon, grinning that wickedly cheeky grin. "I’ve seen you both and I reckon that’s right."
                          We all knew what he was referring to and I smiled while both Jan and Jud tried to give him an embarrassed punch on the arm. Chris laughed out loud as Simon ducked away. I carried on attending to Jud and the others soon went back to selecting their shoes. I removed Jud’s other sneaker, putting his bare foot on my thigh like I had done previously, but expecting him to take it off straight away. The boy surprised me though and left it there as I proceeded to strip the sock from his other foot. 
                          Jud’s feet were smaller and more delicate than the other three boys’, his toes finely boned and slender, in proportion to his feet. His nails were slightly longer, but clean, the ends smooth. I felt the soft smoothness of his skin and the tender underlying flesh, the veins and capillaries under his skin clearly visible. I couldn’t help but wonder whether his penis would also have this almost transparent covering. I gave Jud’s toes a gentle massage, keeping my touch firm, though, to prevent a ticklish reaction from the boy. He seemed to also enjoy my attentions and he watched as my fingers slipped in between and around each of his toes, paying special attention to sliding between each toe and squeezing the flesh between them.
I then placed his foot in the measuring device and took the measurements. Then, holding his foot again in my hand, I told him it was the same size as his left foot.
                         "You are all normal," I said to the four of them. "Your feet match. None of you has two different sizes or any bunyons or callouses requiring special fittings, so you can pick any of the shoes in your size."
                          Jud removed his foot from my hand and the one from my thigh and stood up, going barefooted over to join the others scrummaging through the pile. Chris and Simon were clutching a box each and Jan was looking at the discarded boxes for his size. In a few moments each of them stood before me with a new pair of Nike sneakers in hand, a look of anticipation and excitement on their sweet faces.
                         "Hmmmm...." I said. "Let’s have a look at what you’ve chosen."
                         I then proceeded to look in each box as they presented them to me, checking the price marked for each pair of selected shoes. When I had finished, I looked at the four boys.
                          "You certainly know your shoes, guys. How come you’ve all picked the expensive ones? I really don’t think you’ll be able to afford them." I saw the disappointment immediately show on their faces.
                          "We’ve got $60.00 each," Simon said. "How much are they?"
                          "I’m afraid each of these is twice as much as that. You’ve all picked the latest style ... and they all have in-built pumps. That bumps up the price."
                          "Aw..." Jud said, his bottom lip dropping. "I really wanted these. Maybe mum will give us some more," he said to Simon.
                          "Nah. She said we had to stick to the budget," Simon told him, disappointment in his voice. I now knew they were brothers.
                           "Yeah. My mum said the same," Jan said. "She moaned about giving me sixty bucks; and only gave it when she knew your mum had given you both that much."
                           I let the four of them experience their disappointment for a few moments, standing back and checking out the rest of the shop. We were the only ones in it at the moment. I put my plan into action.
                           "I might be able to do a deal with you guys," I told them, just as they were getting ready to put the boxes back on the pile. They all turned eagerly towards me. "I don’t know how badly you want those shoes, but, if you accept my proposal, I’ll give them to you for the sixty dollars you have. You can tell your mums they were on special."
                           The boys all spoke at once, their eyes lighting up at the thought of getting those Nikes. I raised my hands to quieten them down. "Okay, guys. I have a proposition for you. But its all, or nothing. You all have to agree and all have to be involved or noone gets the special deal." They all quietened down and looked at each other. I could see the looks of awareness suddenly appear on Simon and Jan’s faces. They were the first to realise that my offer more than likely involved something secret, something forbidden. Jan became wary, but Simon looked excited.
                            "What do we have to do?" Jan asked, echoed by the others.
                            "Now this is just between us guys. Right?" They all nodded. "If you don’t want to do what I am going to propose, that’s okay. You all just leave the shoes until you can talk your mums into the extra money and no harm done. But. if you do accept my proposal, you must keep it only between us. Promise?" Again they all nodded, a little more warily this time. I took the plunge, my heart beating. "I want you all to come back here after I close and do things for me." I stopped to let that register with them.
                         "What sort of things?" Simon asked, taking the role of spokesman. He had a slight grin touching his lips. I think he knew what was coming.
                         "I want to measure you," I said. "Down there." I pointed to Simon’s bulge in his shorts. "I want you to undress and let me measure your penis both when it is soft and when it is stiff. And I want you to do things with each other and with me." I stopped and looked at them. They were all looking from one to the other, all blushing, Jan and Jud especially looking embarrassed.
                      "You want to touch us down here?" Simon asked, touching himself. "When we’ve got nothing on?" He grinned. "Sounds like fun." He turned to the others. "What do you reckon? You game?"
                      Chris, blushing bright red, nodded to Simon. It was obvious he idolised the older boy and would do anything he asked. "I’m game if you are," he said. "What about you, Jan?"
                     "I don’t know," Jan said hesitantly. "What if he wants to hurt us?" He spoke as though I wasn’t there.
                     "I would never hurt you guys. Ever. I love young boys too much," I said quickly. "I like the look of you all and I’d like to see all of you. I would like to see howWe can maybe fool around with each other for a bit but I certainly don’t want you to do anything you don’t feel you want to. But you all have to be involved to get the shoes."
                     "Come on, Jan. Jud’s going to join in, aren’t you, Jud?" Simon cajoled. His little brother nodded and looked at me and blushed again.
                     Jan still hesitated, looking from one of his mates to the other. Chris and Simon were getting a little frustrated. They wanted the shoes!
                      "Don’t be a spoilsport, Jan. We all have to do it or none of us gets the shoes."
                       Jan looked down at the shoes he was holding, then up at me. I made no movement but stood looking at each of the boys. "Okay," he finally said and the others all gave a whoop and slapped him on the back. Then they all looked at me.
                       I smiled. "That’s great, guys. Give me the shoes and I’ll take them out the back ready for you. I’ll close up at 12.30 so come around about one. Everyone will have cleared the mall by then. And don’t tell anybody else. Okay?"
                        They all nodded and passed their shoeboxes to me. "See you at one o’clock then," I said and headed for the storeroom, my heart racing, my penis hard. I watched them leave the shop, imagining their lithe young bodies under their clothes. Only an hour and a half to wait before I would be seeing if my imagination was correct.


                                                                                     Chapter 2





                          The rest of the morning seemed to drag by as I waited for closing time and
the return of the four young lads. Everytime I thought about what I planned to happen, my
stomach would give a flip of excitement and a tingling sensation flutter through my groin. The
thought of being able to indulge my fantasies with them was so exciting I had to keep
pushing it to the back of my mind to enable me to carry on with my job until then. Finally
twelve thirty arrived and I bundled the last two customers out through the door and locked up.
Only a half an hour to go! I busied myself with tidying up the shop and clearing the till before
moving into the store-room to ensure everything was in readiness. Then it was one o'clock!
                             I waited nervously for the boys to arrive. A couple of minutes ticked slowly
by and I figured they'd chickened out. I was just resigning myself to the disappointment when
there was a sharp rap on the door and I turned to see Simon and Chris standing there, Jan
and Jud behind them, looking in to the dim interior of the shop. I hurried over and opened the
door and they came in.
                             "Glad to see you guys. I thought you'd chickened out," I said, ushering
them inside.
                              "Jud and I had to get our hair cut and it took a bit longer," Simon said and
I noticed the two brothers' hair was neatly trimmed and combed, making their faces look
even more angelic. If that was possible. "We aren't going to miss out on new shoes like
those." The other boys all nodded agreement.
                               "Jan and Jud are a bit nervous," Chris said, looking at the two boys. "But
Simon and me talked them round, didn't we, Si?"
                              Jan blushed and gave him a punch on the arm. "We're okay. You were
the one going to chicken out."
                               "Was not," Chris began to argue but Simon checked him.
                                "I guess we're all a bit nervous." He turned to look at me. "You're not
going to make us do anything we don't want to, or do anything to hurt us, are you? And we
get the shoes we chose for cheap after? Right?" These statements were made as demands
rather than questions. Simon was obviously the leader of this pack.
                                 "As I said this morning, guys, I just want you to undress and let me
measure your penises, both soft and stiff, then do some things to each other and maybe to
me. I really like young boys and, apart from maybe a little initial embarrassment, you won't
be hurt in any way or have to do anything else you don't want to. I'm sure you guys will really
like it, once you start. I reckon you all play with yourselves." I looked from one to the other
and their eyes told me they did, even young Jud. "Maybe you already play with each other."
Jan and Chris giggled at that. Simon and Jud just looked at each other and I immediately
knew they did. That would certainly make it easier for me. "I'd like to see you doing it. And
you get the shoes for less than half price if you all do it."
                                 I continued into the store-room and the boys all followed.
                                 "Okay," I said closing the door when we were inside, the boys standing
in line in front of me, "Who's going to be first?"
                                  They all looked a little nervous now that the time had come. This only
added to my excitement. They looked at each other, blushing, smiling or giggling. Chris
nudged Simon. "You go first," he prodded and the other boys nodded agreement.
                                   "Okay. I'm not a chicken," he said as he took a step towards me.
"What do you want me to do?" he asked, his hands going to the waistband of his white
shorts. The others moved around to watch, Chris giggling nervously.
                                    "Nothing," I told him. "I'll undress you. You just stand there." I knelt in
front of this delicious young boy and I felt myself stiffening as I reached out to take hold of
the waist of his shorts. He stood still, hands on his hips. I slowly lowered his shorts, feeling
the warmth of his skin as I brushed against it. My eyes were rivetted to the bare flesh being
uncovered. His shorts were tight and hugged his hips and buttocks, pulling his underpants
down with them as I tugged them downwards. His smooth tight belly was exposed to me only
inches in front of my eyes, each pore in his skin clearly visible. A pale strip of skin marked
his tan line, contrasting sharply with the copper colour of his belly. His underpants caught on
the swell of his pubic bone, just above his penis, while his shorts slid to his ankles. I had
decided that I needed to proceed smoothly and rather quickly to start with to not give the
boys any time to change their minds once we had begun. I could afford to take my time once
they realised there was no turning back. I was also rather glad Simon was first as I thought
he would be the most amenable to my desires whereas Jan or even Chris might have
reacted adversely if they had been first. I think they were also glad Simon was first. They all
giggled when his pants dropped and he was left standing in a scrunched up pair of
underpants that only accented the fleshy bundle within.
                   I hooked my fingers in the waist band of his underpants and lowered them,
letting them drop to join his shorts once his boyhood was exposed. I was aware of a couple of
comments and some giggles from the watching trio, but Simon was unphased by them. He
stood proudly in front of me, making no move to hide himself from my gaze or that of his
friends.
                   I studied him, my mouth suddenly dry. He truly was beautiful. His genitals were
beautifully formed and perfectly proportioned for a boy his age. He was circumcised, his
glans a darker shade of pink than the curved shaft, a fold of skin below its flared rim. His
testes hung freely below, their sac soft and stretched by their weight. They were about the
size of bantam eggs and I guessed that Simon would be able to ejaculate. In fact the slit in
his penis, only inches in front of me, appeared to be already slightly slick with his juices.
There were also a couple of small fine hairs growing out of the fleshy bulge of his pubes,
either side of where his penis emerged, indicating him to be on the verge of maturing. The
skin across his belly, around his groin and down his legs was still very smooth and hairless,
still that of a young boy.
                      I took the tape measure from around my neck. This was the moment! I
reached out towards that tender young stalk, my heart beginning to pound. All of the boys
watched in silence. Then I finally held it!
                      My thumb and forefinger took hold of that young boy shaft, feeling the spongy
softness of his private flesh and the heat emanating from it. There was also a firmness
inside, a smooth but bumpy texture to the organ beneath the skin that was at once so familiar
to my fingers, yet so foreign and so exciting. I could feel the pressure building inside as
Simon's penis slowly began to swell up and I quickly began to measure it while it was still its
'soft' length, holding the end of the tape at his pubic mound and running it along the top of his
curved boyhood to its tip.
                      "Eight centimetres," I said, my voice a little croaky. I cleared my throat and
looked up at him, leaving my fingers on him. "You have a beautiful looking penis, Simon. Its
a lovely size soft like this." I began to softly rub the pink crown with the ball of my thumb.
"Now let's see what happens..."
                      "You're getting a boner," Chris chortled and the three boys all looked as
Simon's penis began to stiffen under my ministrations. They began to make comment and
little whistles.
                       "You guys better knock it off," Simon growled, a slight breathlessness to his
voice making his words not too threatening and they all giggled again. His penis continued to
grow as I began to rub around under the hardening shaft. It looked marvelous as it stretched
itself towards me and I was only dimly aware of the byplay going on between the boys. I
concentrated on watching Simon swelling, the shaft lengthening and the glans becoming
fuller and shiny as it filled with blood. It rose until it was standing at an angle of around
fortyfive degrees from his groin.
                         "Not bad," I said looking up at him. "You're going to be pretty big when you
grow up, Simon." I looked back at his treasure and began to measure him with the tape,
enjoying the spongy feel of his glans as I put the tape over his tender tip. There was a slight
stickiness around his slit and I could see his belly moving in and out more quickly with his
breathing as I touched him. He was enjoying my touches. Keeping hold of his crown, I put the
tape back around my neck and lightly cupped his young testes, feeling their weight on my
palm. He jerked slightly as I did so and looked down at me.
                          "Twelve centimetres," I told him "You have grown half as long again as
when you were soft. That's pretty good." I was rewarded with that cheeky, knowing grin.
                           "I'm a lot bigger than Jud," he said proudly, "But I reckon Jan's will be a lot
bigger than me when he's stiff. He's much bigger than me soft, aren't you, Jan?"
                           Jan blushed, but nodded his head.
                           "You've looked at each other's, have you?" I asked, looking up at the taller
boy. "Maybe we'll do you next then, Jan. Okay?"
                            "I've seen him in the toilets, but we've never...you know...." Jan trailed off.
                            "Never touched each other?" I said for him. "We'll rectify that this
afternoon, I think." I smiled up at him, letting my fingers caress Simon's soft scrotum, feeling
the testes slipping around inside. Jan blushed but kept his eyes on my hands. I slowly
withdrew them from Simon's genitals, allowing my fingers to run the length of his hard penis
before reluctantly releasing him. Still on my knees I turned towards Jan and put my hands on
his hips. My face was slightly below his waist.
                              I began to lower Jan's shorts. Chris and Jud moved in closer, Chris
coming to Jan's side while Jud moved in between Simon and Jan. I smiled when, out of the
corner of my eye, I saw Jud take hold of his brother's erection. Simon's reaction seemed to
confirm my earlier thoughts that they looked at and played with each other quite regularly, as
there was no hesitation or surprise from either of them. I don't think Jan or Chris noticed ...
they were too intent on what I was doing.
                               I slid Jan's shorts below his hips, the bagginess of them allowing them to
slip easily over his body and they dropped to his ankles when I let them go. Jan was left
standing in his tee-shirt, which came to just below the waistband of his underpants, and a pair
of pale yellow y-front underpants with white edging. He had a nice-sized bulge in the y.
                              He stood still, his hands by his sides. I slid my hands up his hips to the
waistband of his underpants and took hold. He moved his hands and I thought he was going
to stop me, but he took the bottom of his tee-shirt and raised it up over his belly, bunching it
in the centre of his chest, exposing more of his slim body to us all. His belly was flat and
tanned, his navel only a small indent in its centre. There was a thin line of short, scattered
blonde hairs coming up from his underpants to his navel and I noticed similar hairs on the
insides of his thighs. Jan was definitely further along the path to puberty than Simon. He was
looking down his body watching me, all signs of nervousness seeming to have gone. I slowly
eased his underpants down.
                             The flesh being uncovered was pale cream and the fine blonde hairs
became thicker as I reached his pubic ridge, although they were still only a light sprinkling.
The base of his penis began to appear, a rather thick tube of flesh, a darker brown colour
than the rest of Jan's skin and softly wrinkled. I continued lowering his pants, my eyes glued
to the increasing length of the boy as it was exposed. He certainly was bigger than Simon.
He looked to be almost as big as me. His scrotum hung behind his shaft and was fully
uncovered by the time the underpants released his penis. It swung slightly upwards towards
me as it came free and it took all my will-power to not lean forward to take it in my mouth. I
realised my lips were apart already in anticipation. But I held back. It wasn't time yet.
                            I let Jan's underpants drop and he stood nude from the waist down in front
of us all. His penis was man-size, a long thick tube dangling from his developing pubes and I
heard Jud go "Wow!" and Chris draw in his breath as they looked at it.
                            "Told you he was bigger than me," Simon commented wryly.
                             Jan was circumcised and his glans was rather short but wide, the rim
flared dramatically. It looked liked the head of a mushroom, a rather flat one at that, and I
wondered what it would feel like in my mouth with its unusual shape. Hopefully I would get to
find out. My fingers trembled slightly as I took the tape measure from around my neck and
touched its end to the young boy's lower belly, among the fine blonde hairs at the base of his
soft flesh. I saw Jan's belly tighten and heard him draw in his breath as my fingers touched
his private areas and my own excitement increased, if that was possible! I ran the tape down
the flaccid organ, feeling it immediately begin to stiffen as my fingers touched lightly down
each side of his flesh and over the flared rim to press the tape to the end of his penis. The
glans swelled between my fingertips.
                               "Eleven and a half centimetres!" I exclaimed, surprised at this young
boy's size. "Almost as long as Simon's stiff one. You really are a big boy, Jan."
                                "Wow! I've never seen one as big as that! Its even bigger than my
dad's" Chris said, leaning over to get a better look. It seemed as though initial shyness and
inhibition was beginning to give way to curiosity and excitement. Chris reached out and
touched his friend's penis, his fingers trailing across the broad flared head. "The end is really
wide, too. Mine's narrow and pointy." He took hold of Jan's hardening shaft. "You're getting
stiff. Jeez! Its going to be huge!" He let go, his hand staying near the rising penis though.
                               We all watched as Jan's penis began to stiffen. First the glans swelled,
the skin becoming smooth and shiny as it tightened, the flared rim becoming even more
pronounced. Then the shaft began to fill, the penis slowly straightening and beginning to lift.
Jud still had hold of his brother's erection and I noticed he was gently rubbing his hand
backwards and forwards along its length. His other hand seemed to be drawn towards Jan's
rising boyhood. The little boy seemed to be very sexually advanced, seemed to have fewer
inhibitions than the older boys and I was positive he was used to pleasuring his brother.
Simon's hips moved slightly, almost unconsciously, as he pulled himself in and out of his
brother's hand while watching Jan becoming stiff. I didn't need to do anything but watch, my
fingers still holding the tape against his pubic bone and the other end on the tip of his firming
penis, allowing the tape to slide through my fingers as it lengthened. I could feel his flesh
tightening as it rose.
                               Jan's boyhood continued to stiffen until it stood at right angles to his
body, a thick, solid rod of hard flesh with its red, mushroom head pointed straight at me. The
slit in its end was large, almost the length of the the tip itself; and it glistened in the light
indicating the presence of young boy fluids. His testes were now clearly visible, dangling
below the upraised erection. They were almost as big as my own, in proportion with his large
penis, but still surprisingly large for a boy his age. I had no doubt he would be able to
ejaculate and I looked forward to witnessing that. His scrotum was completely smooth and
hairless, the skin translucent and the testicles inside visible to my eyes. They swayed slightly
as he stood there, the left one hanging lower than the right, and I could feel his penis
twitching under my fingers. I think Jan was enjoying us looking at him.
                           I drew my eyes away from his testes and back to his penis. It was only
inches in front of me, pointed straight at my mouth. Again I had to quell the urge to lean
forward and take that unusually tempting glans into my mouth. I could almost feel its smooth
fullness inside me. I looked at the tape measure instead.
                          "Just under sixteen centimetres, Jan. That's nearly as long as me!"
                           "Look at it!" exclaimed Jud. "Its a beauty! Are you bigger than that, mister?"
The youngster reached out and touched the tip of Jan's organ between my fingers. Jan gave
a soft moan and I saw and felt his penis twitch.
                           "Yes. I am bigger than Jan. And my name is Gary, by the way," I answered,
removing the tape and putting it back around my neck.
                           Jud smiled at me cheekily. "Are we going to get to measure your's after
this? Gary?" The other boys all looked at him and then at me. This was the opening. I
thought they all looked as though they were prepared to take a few risks, to do some things
this afternoon they had maybe only thought about whilst masturbating; and to get a new pair
of super-cool shoes in the bargain!
                           "If you want," I told him, my hand curling around the head of Jan's penis
and over Jud's finger, squeezing them both slightly. "We'll do a bit more than that, though, if
you want the shoes."
                           "We're game. Aren't we, guys?" Simon said, looking at the others. His voice
was slightly breathless. His brother was still rubbing his penis and I could see he was leaking.
He was becoming very aroused. As was Jan. I noticed a bead of clear liquid form at the tip of
his penis as I squeezed. This was getting better and better.
                          "Good," I responded, letting go of Jan. "We'll have a bit of fun, I guarantee.
Who's next?" I looked up at Chris.
                           He blushed. "Er...I....Jud...." He looked around at the others.
                           "Go on, Chris. You were the one being so-o-o brave," Simon chided. The
other boys agreed.
                           Chris blushed and stammered even more and I smiled encouragingly up at
him, reaching out to take his denim-clad hips. "Its okay, Chris. I'd like to see your's next," I
told him, my hand going to the front of his shorts and deftly undoing the brass button and
sliding the zip down. The boy jumped as my fingers grazed across the front of his groin then
realised he had no option and acquiesced, his hands hanging by his side. His denim shorts
opened to expose a white pair of cotton bikini underpants. The skin above them was deeply
tanned and the contrast was quite beautiful. Without the button and zipper done up, his
shorts had no support and they dropped to his ankles, leaving him standing only in the
underpants and the Kidzone tee-shirt. The tee-shirt was very short, only coming to his navel,
leaving a strip of smooth tanned skin exposed between its hem and the waistband of his
underpants. It was extremely erotic.
                             The soft fabric of the cotton undies did nothing to hide the treasures
beneath and I could see the outline of a rather small penis and the twin bumps of Chris's
testes in the pouch. I hooked my fingers in the waistband of the underpants and slowly
lowered them, delighting in the slow uncovering of this youngster's delights. His lower belly
and pubic bulge were completely hairless, smooth as pale silk, delicate veins visible beneath
the fair skin. He, too, had a marked tan line, which I found extremely attractive, as it
highlighted the secrecy of the areas I was uncovering - the areas that were usually kept
hidden from others.
                              His penis popped out as I lowered the pants further and Chris gave a
small gasp and moved his hands as though to cover himself, checking them just before they
did so and putting them slowly back to his sides. I guessed now the reason why he had
become embarrassed. His penis was uncircumcised and was quite small, especially
compared to Simon and Jan. It was thin, the glans entirely covered by the foreskin and
protruding beyond it to make a wrinkled tube of skin. It curved only slightly downwards, held
out by a tight scrotum filled with two testicles the size of pigeon's eggs. Chris had the genitals
of a boy younger than he was and I guessed this was why he had suddenly become shy.
Maybe he hadn't realised it until he had seen his friends'. I knew I needed to reassure him
that he was just fine. And he was. His genitals were beautiful.
                         "Just beautiful," I told him, looking up at his flushed face. "You are formed
just like the classic statues, Chris. You could have been the model for most of the great
painters and sculptors."
                         He looked down at me, and I saw the expression on his face change from
one of nervous embarrassment to one of pleased interest. "Really?" he said, looking at
himself. "But I'm much smaller..."
                         "It isn't size that is important, Chris. I like all sizes and all shapes. Your
individuality is what I like in all of you. Your penis is delightful. Let's see now..." and I put the
tape measure along its length. "Five centimetres," I said, measuring to the tip of the loose
foreskin, my finger and thumb holding the tape onto that tube of skin. "That's okay. I really
love the way your foreskin sticks out over the end like this," I told him. "I love doing this..."
and I gently pulled the foreskin out, stretching it off the end of his penis. Chris moaned and
the other boys watched in fascination. The skin stretched almost two centimetres beyond his
glans. I let it go slowly back, but kept hold of it between my thumb and index finger.
                        "You like that?" I asked him and he grunted a "Yes."
                        "How about I make you stiff and we'll see how much you grow." I said and
began to massage his glans under its covering, moving the foreskin over and around the
bulb beneath. I was quickly rewarded with a firming under my fingers. The loose skin slid
easily over the flesh beneath and I watched, along with the other boys, as Chris began to
lengthen. It was like watching a snail unfurling, the tube of soft skin gradually being spread
wider as his penis engorged and the crimson glans began to emerge. It looked shiny and wet
as it extended, Chris's penis also rising upwards as it lengthened. I continued rubbing his skin
as it tightened around the stiffening flesh until his penis finally stood almost vertical from his
bare pubes. His testes were drawn up against his perinium, smooth bulges against his pale
flesh.
                          "Nearly ten centimetres, Chris. That's double your length. And you have
really thickened out. You've got nothing to be embarrassed about." I smiled up at the boy. He
was now beaming with pride. I removed the tape measure and we all looked at him. His
penis erect was beautiful. The foreskin covered the rim of his glans, fitting tightly to about
halfway between the bulging ridge and the red tip. His glans, with its slit spread open slightly
by the tension of the tight foreskin, looked like a smooth eyeless fish head protruding from its
cave. The smoothness along its entire length and the bulge of the partially hidden glans,
gave his penis the appearance of a young asparagus stalk. I touched the wrinkled skin of his
tight scrotum, allowing my fingers to nudge each teste gently, feeling their slippery
movements inside the pouch in spite of their snugness. Chris's penis jerked in response and
the boys all laughed.
                         "Step out of your pants, buddy, and move over by Jan and we'll measure up
young Jud," I said, lowering Chris's underpants, which were still around his thighs, down his
smooth legs and helping remove them and his shorts. As he stepped out of them, I let my
head just brush against his erection and he jerked, grabbing my shoulders to steady himself,
causing my face to press in to his groin, my mouth against his testes, his penis squashed
beside my nose. I was in heaven. The sweet, young-boy smell of him filled my senses, the
hot, hard rod of boy-flesh against my face, my eyes filled with the pale expanse of his private
areas. I couldn't help but nuzzle into him, allowing my lips to close over the bump of his teste
and giving it a quick swipe with my tongue before he broke contact. He didn't pull away,
though, but kept his hands on my shoulder and looked down at me. I winked up at him then
turned to put his clothing on the pile behind me with Simon and Jan's, breaking our contact.
Reluctantly, it seemed, he moved aside to let Jud come in front of me.
                      The youngest lad had a smile on his face as he moved in front of me. He kept
hold of his brother's still-erect penis and looked at both Chris and Jan's erections before
looking down at me. "I'm smaller than Chris," he said, "But it doesn't bother me. Simon likes
me small, don't you Simon. I know I will get bigger when I grow up." And Jud immediately
unbuttoned his jeans and pushed them down to his knees. When he straightened up, he
pulled up his tee-shirt, baring himself to us from his diaphragm to his knees and I was
confronted with the most delightful little bundle of genitalia right before my eyes. He wasn't
wearing underpants and his bare skin was olive and smooth, paler where his bathers had
been and along the groove of his groin, but darker than the other boys. Jud's penis was small
and nubby, a short stub of shaft with an apple shaped glans at its end. He was circumcised
and the scar of his circumcision formed a collar of wrinkled skin just behind the rim of of his
glans. The glans itself was rounded and red, looking like a little shiny apple, the slit in its end
quite large and appearing as though that was where the apple stalk had been removed.
Beneath this rather delicious looking morsel was a small, smooth sac of pale-tan skin
containing two little egg-shaped testicles, no bigger than pigeon eggs. Jud's scrotum was
loose, but still hung close to his body. The skin was delicate, smoothed by the weight of the
little nuggets within stretching it downwards, and the tiny blood vessels inside criss-crossed
the surface, clearly visible.
                          The youngster stood quietly under our scrutiny, his groin thrust out towards
me and I took the tape measure from my neck and proceeded to measure him. He giggled as
my fingers held the tape at the base of his little shaft and slid it along the top of his penis to
the end of his glans. His penis was quite firm already, because of its stubby length and I
could feel it getting harder as my fingers touched it.
                          "Three and a half centimetres," I told him, "But getting longer." I wriggled the
end of it. He giggled again as his penis stiffened.
                           "Simon and I make it do this all the time, don't we Simon," Jud said, looking
at his brother. He looked down at Simon's penis, still erect in his hand. "We play with our
things a lot at home. Simon's can spit stuff out and he lets me do things to it to make it
happen, don't you. He likes doing things to me, too, but I can't make the stuff come out like
him."  His brother blushed but his eyes held mine and the smile on his lips appeared to be a
challenge to me, a dare for me to try to do the same things as his brother. I wondered what
they did when they were together alone. Hopefully I would find out in a few minutes time.
                             Jud's penis was now sticking up fully erect. I looked away from Simon,
giving him a wink and looking down at his cradled erection in what I hoped indicated to him I
was prepared to take up his challenge, and examined the hardness I was holding. Holding
Jud was like holding a thick crayon - he was as solid as a piece of wood. His penis was only
slightly thicker and longer erect than it was in its dormant state, but its filling out had
smoothed its entire length and swelled the glans into a hard knob, looking even more like a
shiny reddish-purple apple. The wrinkled collar of his foreskin was now gone and the
circumcision scar was now a circle of dark brown below the pale pink of the newly exposed
skin between it and the glans.
                             "Eight centimetres, Jud," I said, looking at the swollen little head with the
tape measure pressed at its tip. "You are small, but very lovely. Let's get these pants off
you," and I peeled his jeans down his legs. He put his free hand on my head as I leaned
down to slide them off his feet and I felt the hard prod of his penis touch my scalp and saw
him arch in towards me as he lifted each foot to help. The jeans were hard to remove and
each time I tugged a little more off, it caused Jud's penis to slide over my hair. I was aware
of the touch of his little testes on my head and I raised my face, my head coming up between
his smooth slender thighs and nudging under his crotch. He eased back slightly, bringing his
organs onto my forehead and I nuzzled them as I continued removing his jeans, finally
managing to ease them past his sneakers and putting them on the pile behind me with the
other boys' pants.
                             I then sat back on my haunches and looked at the four boys lined up in
front of me. My penis was achingly hard and the urge for relief was becoming more insistent.
What a sight they made, standing there in just sneakers and tee-shirts, four stiff penises
pointing at me, four half-naked boys waiting for me to instruct them. Jud still had hold of
Simon's erection and Chris had taken hold of Jan's superb organ, the monster looking even
bigger in the young boy's hand. Jan had his hand around the base of Chris's penis, his
fingers cupping the still tight testes beneath. They were all looking at each other's genitals
and I could see they were all now over any embarrassment or shyness. They looked as
though they wanted to do more than just look and touch each other.
                              "Well I guess that theory about the size of your feet and the size of your
penises is incorrect," I said to them. They all looked at me and smiled. "I must say you have
all got nice looking equipment, all different, all tempting me. Are you ready to earn your new
sneakers?" Four heads nodded after a couple of reassuring glances passed between them.
My heart was beating heavily. "Okay. First, take off your shirts."
                              The boys let go of each other and stripped their shirts off, baring their
upper bodies to my eyes. They all dropped the shirts onto the floor behind them then stood,
nude but for their sneakers, looking at me and each other and smiling self-consciously. I
admired their slim figures, my eyes moving along the line. Simon's nipples were dark and
quite large on his tanned chest, his pectoral muscles beautifully formed and giving his chest
a fullness lacking in the other three. His upper belly bulged slightly, the rippling muscles of
adolescence just beginning to show. His lower belly was flat and smooth, the few blonde
hairs at the base just visible in the light. Jud still had the body of an immature boy, his
shoulders and chest narrow, his nipples barely discernable, just two nubs of flesh slightly
darker than his olive skin sticking out from the smooth planes of his chest. His belly was
slightly protruberant and curved delightfully down to his bare pubes, his navel a slight indent
in its smooth expanse. Beside him, Chris was a slim paler figure, his chest and shoulders
beginning to fill out, his nipples quite distinct circles of dark pink with a creamy coloured
centre that was obviously erect. His belly was flat and seemed much longer than Simon's or
Jud's, the smooth expanse beginning from the base of his rib-cage to his groin, his slightly
protruding navel the only mark on the pale skin. His uncircumcised penis stuck out neatly
from his pubes, his tight scrotum adding to the smooth look of his nude body. Jan had the
body of a young adolescent, his bones and muscles clearly defined in his shoulders, arms
and chest. He was quite slender, but his adult form was taking shape. His nipples were dark
and I could see a couple of hairs around each one, short and fine like the hair on his pubes,
but a further sign of his maturing. His belly was flat, his navel almost non-existant, just a
small indent. Naked, his penis size seemed to be exaggerated even more because of the
slimness of his long body, and he stuck out firm and large, his testicles hanging heavily
beneath the thick rod. His flared glans was now shiny with leaked juices and I could see a
clear drop of his essence at its tip. There was no doubt he and Simon would ejaculate. Of the
other two boys, I knew Jud couldn't; but I guessed Chris might be able to.
                             "Okay," I said, having to clear my throat before speaking, "Chris, you take
off Simon's shoes. Jud, you take off Jan's." The two boys moved to comply and I sat back to
watch, easing my erection into a more comfortable position inside my pants. I could feel the
dampness in my lap and knew I had been leaking pre-cum quite copiously. I was very near to
climaxing.
                              I watched the two younger boys kneel in front of their mates, delighting in
seeing their naked bodies moving before me. From my position, they had their backs to me
and the sight of their buttocks squatting on their sneaker-clad feet as they began to undo the
sneakers in front of them was extremely erotic. My eyes travelled down their bodies, from
their heads to their bare behinds. They both had evenly tanned backs and I marvelled at the
play of their muscles underneath the brown skin as they worked on the boy standing before
them. Their buttocks were pale, a stark contrast to the tan above, the line of their bathers
very distinct, Jud's running halfway down his backside indicating he wore bikini bathers low
on his hips when swimming. It was a sight I would like to see, the young boy in his bathers,
the crease between his round buttocks tantalisingly exposed above his bathers. As it was, I
was able to see the entire crease between his creamy buttocks now and it was beyond my
wildest dreams. Chris was a little to my right and his untanned hip and left buttock told me he
wore shorts while at the beach or pool. Although I preferred the bikini style, there was
something extremely erotic seeing that broad strip of pale skin dividing his tanned upper
body from his legs, and seeing that white boy backside jutting out like it was at the moment.
                            I watched as they began to remove the older boys' sneakers and socks,
exposing their feet once more to my gaze. I moved in closer so I could see both clearly.
                            "Take them off slowly," I instructed. "And rub around their feet and toes."
                            They did as I asked, drawing Simon and Jan's shoes off each foot leaving
Simon's feet bare and Jan in his socks. Jud eased Jan's socks down, sliding them beneath
his heel and drawing them along and off each foot, allowing his fingers to stroke along the
boy's skin as he did so. Chris had taken Simon's left foot and was rubbing and massaging
around the heel and ankle, holding the foot up from the floor and Simon had his hands on
Chris's head for balance, his erection directly in front of Chris's face. Chris was looking at it,
no doubt fascinated by the drop of liquid glistening on its tip. He made no move to touch it,
probably he had never seen it before and didn't know what it was.
                             That wasn't the case with Jud, though. After removing Jan's socks, he
began massaging the older boy's left foot and toes, lifting Jan's foot until it rested on his
thighs, his toes almost touching Jud's genitals, which were bunched in his lap by the position
he was in. Jan had to hold Jud's head for balance and his huge penis waved in the air near
the youngster's head. It, too, had a drop of pre-cum seeping from its slit, clinging like a clear
pearl from beneath the flared glans. Jud's face was level with Jan's testes, which dangled
loosely below the broad shaft and were swaying with every movement Jan made. Jud was
gazing at them and the underneath of the shaft as he fondled the foot on his leg, easing it
higher until the toes touched his own small erection. Then he leaned back slightly, bringing
himself out so he could see the end of Jan's penis. He must have seen the drop of pre-cum
before he began taking Jan's shoes off, because as soon as he was past the tip of the penis,
he came forward and in one smooth, practiced motion, licked around and up the hard glans,
taking the drop of boy-juice into his mouth. No sooner had he tasted it than he was back at
the older boy's penis, his mouth closing smoothly over its broad head.and his tongue and
throat working in an obviously familiar manner.
                            Jan gasped and almost doubled over as the little boy fastened onto him,
both hands grabbing Jud's shoulders to stop himself over-balancing. His sudden movement
and sound drew Simon's and Chris's eyes, Chris showing surprise when he saw what Jud was
doing. Simon had obviously experienced his brother's mouth many times and he just smiled
knowingly, glancing at me to see my reaction. I moved further forward, my hands going to
the boys' feet, as both Chris and Jud had ceased massaging and touching them.
                            "Why don't you do that to Simon, Chris? I'm sure he would like you to."
                             Chris looked at me, up at Simon, back at Jud and then at the penis
sticking out towards him. "I don't....It....I.....," he stammered, his face going red. Simon had
both hands now in his hair, beginning to exert pressure to bring Chris's face closer to the end
of his erection.
                             "Just put your mouth over the end and suck on it like you would if you
were a baby sucking on its bottle, " I said to him, my hands stroking around the toes of both
boys' feet, touching into the laps of the two kneeling boys and feeling them as I did so. "I'm
sure you'll like it as much as young Jud there."
                             Chris gave little resistance while I spoke and Simon pulled him closer until
there was only a fraction of a millemetre between Chris's lips and the glistening bead of
Simon's pre-cum. Simon brought his penis on to Chris's mouth, pressing the end of it against
his lips. Chris re-coiled as he felt the sticky fluid coat his lips and he automatically licked
them, taking the taste of Simon into his mouth. I could see his tasting it, puzzling over it, the
indecision mixed with interest written on his face. Simon didn't let up, though, bringing
himself again to the boy's mouth. Chris hesitated for another moment and then his lips slowly
parted and the older boy's penis slipped through.
                             Simon's eyes closed and he began to move himself in and out of Chris's
mouth, his movements matching those of Jan with Jud. The two boys sucking both had their
eyes open, staring at the bare pubes of the boy they were sucking, their lips wide around the
larger boys' shafts. I fondled their genitals as I massaged the older boys' feet, my fingers
feeling and massaging between each of their toes then around the small hard shafts of the
younger boys and back to the feet, caressing along their length, my fingertips brushing along
the smooth thighs of the youngsters beneath them as I did so. I could hear the slurping of the
young boys as they sucked, their breaths laboured through their noses; and the gradually
rising breaths of the two boys being worked upon. They sounded as though they were both
approaching their climax. I didn't want this to happen just yet and I let go of the boys' feet
and gently put my hand on their faces and eased them back from their task.
                               "Hey...? What's up?" The disappointment was obvious in the four faces
that looked at me. Simon and Jan's penises were slick with saliva and leaking fluids and the
ends were crimson from the suction of the two young boys.
                                "I was almost there," complained Simon. "You were doing great, Chris,"
he added.
                                "You'll get to come soon enough," I told them, standing up."I want you to
reverse positions. Jan and Simon, you take off Jud's and Chris's sneakers. It would be good
if you sucked them for a little while, too."
                                Jan looked at me, his face suffusing with colour. "But I've never... I
don't..." He trailed off as Jud stood up, I guess realising that he really had no choice if he
wanted the new shoes, or maybe just deciding it might be okay to try it. He knelt slowly in
front of the youngster, his eyes on to the boy's small organs. I saw him lick his lips, in
anticipation or nervousness.
                                Simon had no such qualms and had knelt in front of his friend and taken
hold of Chris's penis. He was examining it, gently pulling the foreskin back to expose the
small shiny glans, stroking the smooth shaft and running his fingers underneath Chris's tightly
bunched testes. Chris was watching him, his hands clenched in Simon's hair, his mouth
open, his eyes hooded with sensual lust.
                               "I want you to take off their shoes and socks, slowly," I said. "Then you
can suck them for a little while."
                                The two boys complied and I watched them as they unlaced the
sneakers and slowly removed them from the boys' feet. Simon nuzzled into Chris's groin as
he drew his socks off, his nose nudging around his testes and his tongue licking the crinkled
skin. Then he leaned down and began licking Chris's feet as he uncovered them. I gazed
enraptured at his nude young body kneeling before me. The position he had taken to reach
down to Chris's feet raised his buttocks in the air, his legs folded and his dangling testicles
and stiff penis were exposed beneath him, almost touching his calves. His feet were turned
under, the soles wrinkled and pale, his toes stretched on the floor behind him, their soft balls
facing upwards. I watched Simon licking Chris's foot. The kid knew what to do! He swiped his
tongue all over the top of the left foot, running it around the grooves of the ankles, twisting to
reach as far behind the heel as he could. Then he moved back over the top and down to the
toes, running his tongue into each groove between them, along their length and around their
bulbous tips, paying extra attention to the sensitive underneath groove between the toe and
the ball of the foot.
                            Simon continued to do the same to Chris's right foot, cradling it in his
hands, raising it slightly from the floor and using his tongue to caress every inch of skin
covering it. He again paid extra attention to the boy's toes, sucking each one into his mouth
and working on it as though fellating a hard penis. My eyes swung from his working on
Chris's foot to following his doubled over naked body to the upraised buttocks and the
exposed aroused organs hanging beneath, to Chris's young body, naked and obviously highly
excited by Simon's manipulations, his little penis rigid, his muscles taut and his face a picture
of young lust; and back to Simon's face at his young friend's feet.
                            After a couple of minutes of licking and sucking Chris's feet, Simon swiped
his tongue back up the boy's foot, around the bones of his ankle, then began a slow licking
up Chris's smooth leg. He swirled it around the knee and slid behind it to the sensitive skin on
the back of his leg, then gradually began to lick up the inside of Chris's thigh, moving higher
and higher as Chris began to moan and clutch at Simon's hair, until he was nuzzling in under
the youngster's tight testicles, his tongue licking wetly over the wrinkled scrotum, his mouth
closing over each mound in turn. Then, open-mouthed, Simon ran his tongue over Chris's
bare groin and slipped over the hard shaft of his small penis, closing his lips around it and
beginning to suckle. I marvelled at Simon's expertise. It was so obvious that he was no
novice at pleasuring a boy. And Jud's expertise confirmed to me that the two brothers had
practiced their skills on each other (and maybe others, judging from their lack of
embarrassment at fondling or sucking on their friends' genitals) on many occasions.
                             Jan was fondling Jud's feet, copying what his friend was doing, massaging
around the heels and rubbing his thumbs along the soles, fondling the little boy's toes and
sucking on them, his long body bending over, buttocks high, to get to them. He was turned
away from me and I could see what he was doing through his spread legs. The sight of his
upturned buttocks, the white strip between them in stark contrast to his tanned body and
drawing one's eyes to the dark line running from the boy's pink anus along the ridge of his
perenium up the centre of his large, dangling scrotum and along the underside of his solid
erection, was truly delightful. His testes and penis swung beneath him as he moved. His feet
were splayed and I gazed at their wrinkled white soles, his toes curled as he knelt to his task.
                            I dragged myself away, my penis aching now for release, and went to the
shelf against the near wall. I took the bottle of oil I had placed there earlier and went back to
the boys. None of them were aware I had left, so engrossed had they become in their
activities. Jan was now sucking on young Jud's little stiff penis, his mouth completely
covering the boy's organ, his lips and nose pressed into the youngster's belly and pubes.
                            I knelt between the two sucking boys and unscrewed the cap of the oil
bottle. I placed the bottle between my knees. I ran my hand down Jan's back, letting my palm
feel the length of his backbone, following its curve down over his buttocks and beneath,
brushing around his scrotum and feeling the heavy weight of the encased testicles (causing
Jan to moan as I gently weighed them), moving from them to stroke along the engorged
length of his penis, rolling my fingers around that huge flared glans before sliding along the
underside of his smooth thighs, down past his knee and calf to rest on his heel. He paused at
my first touch but then continued to suck on Jud as I caressed him.
                            My other hand moved over Simon's body, running down the smooth
expanse of his back and over his firm rounded buttocks, my fingers trailing down the bare
spread cleft between them to his soft hanging scrotum. I fondled that wonderful appendage,
feeling the slippery eggs within and hearing Simon grunt as I took one between my fingers
and gently squeezed. As my hand slid between his legs to take hold of his penis, his buttocks
began to move slightly, clenching and unclenching as he moved backwards and forwards,
causing his erection to slide in my grasp. He felt hot, hard and wonderful and I squeezed
along his shaft to the satiny glans, feeling a sticky moisture at its tip. I cradled him on the
palm of my hand, my fingers stroking over his hairless pubes, enjoying the sensation of
holding this young boy and having him allow me access to his private treasures. After a few
moments, I let him go and cupped my hand under his thigh and stroked broad-palmed down
his leg to his curled under foot. Simon stopped sucking on Chris and looked at me
quizzically.
                            "I have a couple of things I want you all to do before we come," I said, my
voice rather breathless from excitement. "But first, I really need to take my pants off. They're
strangling me. Do any of you mind?"
                             The boys all stopped what they were doing and looked at me. What a
picture they made! The two younger boys standing nude, their little penises glistening and
bright red from the older boys' sucking; the two older boys kneeling, buttocks raised, genitals
dangling beneath them, both penises showing drops of clear pre-cum at their tips and all of
them looking at me with rather lust-glazed eyes, all enjoying what they were doing. I began
unbuckling my belt as I spoke, looking at each of them in turn. Not one of them reacted in a
negative manner to my request. Simon gave me a wicked grin and licked his lips, while the
other boys all looked down at my crotch.
                               After unbuckling my belt, I undid the buttons of my shirt and began
removing it, exposing my bare upper body. Four pairs of eyes watched me. I threw it on the
pile of their clothes and slowly unzipped the zipper of my pants. Chris began humming "The
Stripper" and the boys and I all laughed. This seemed to be the signal for action as they all
stood up and came over to me. I was in heaven, kneeling on the floor surrounded by four
young nude boys all with stiff penises pointed at my face. I couldn't resist.
                               I took the closest to me, which happened to be Jud. I opened my mouth
and leaned forward, my hands grasping his hips and bringing his tiny stiffness into my mouth,
closing over him and swirling my tongue around its entire length. His freshly powdered smell
filled my nostrils and his taste filled my mouth, a smooth yet tangy taste that seemed to be
my own saliva. His tiny penis felt slick and hot, my tongue searching behind his glans and
teasing into the slit at its tip then swyving down its short length to swirl around its base over
the bare flesh of his pubes. Jud cried out as I took him inside me and his hands clenched my
hair. I sucked on him, using my tongue like a baby on a teat and the little boy began to
quiver, vibrations I could feel both through my mouth and through my hands holding his hips.
It took only a few moments before he suddenly jerked, pushing himself hard into me, then he
went rigid, his muscles tensed, his penis pulsing against my tongue. I realised the lad was
experiencing an orgasm, even though there was no ejaculation and I held myself still, using
only the suction in my mouth to assist him to experience his fullest sensations.
                                The other boys were all aware that something was happening to Jud and
Simon exclaimed, "He's coming! Jud's shooting off!" They all watched as the youngster
moaned and shuddered under my ministrations. It lasted only a few seconds, then he gave a
ragged gasp and began breathing again, opening his eyes and looking down at me as I
slowly withdrew from him, keeping contact only with my hands on his hips.
                                  We stood like that for another few moments, then Jud slowly sank
down onto his knees in front of me, my hands sliding up his bare body as he lowered until I
was holding him under his armpits. I felt his hands at my waist and suddenly realised what he
was going to do! He began to ease my pants down, struggling a bit to get them over the
bulge of my erection, his eyes focussed in my lap. Then I felt hands at the waistband of my
pants behind me and turned to see Simon kneeling to assist his brother. The two of them
tugged my trousers down below my buttocks, leaving me in only my jockettes. I knelt up
slightly to assist, glancing down as my pants lowered to my knees. My penis was tenting out
my pale blue underpants, its shape clearly defined under the soft nylon material, a dark wet
patch staining around the bulbous crown indicating the extent of my arousal. I heard Chris
and Jan draw in their breaths as I came into view. The two brothers worked silently, but both
had broad grins on their faces as they proceeded to disrobe me. I raised up to allow them to
pull my pants down to my ankles and they took off my slip-on leather shoes and removed the
pants from my legs, tossing them onto our pile of clothing. This left me in only underpants
and socks, the underpants doing nothing to hide my state of excitement.
                              Jud and Simon were taking my socks off when Chris suddenly leaned
over and pulled my underpants down. My penis burst in to view, standing full and stiff from
my groin, its knob swollen and sticky with my leaked juices.
                             "Wow!!!" he exclaimed, looking down on me. "Jeeze ... its huge!"
                             "Cop that!" Jan gasped. Simon and Jud had thrown my socks to join the
other clothes and the four boys stood or knelt around me, all eyes glued to my sex.
                              "You said Jan was nearly as big as you, Gary. I reckon you lied," Simon
said, his hand unconsciously taking hold of himself and rubbing the loose skin on his shaft
backwards and forwards over the rim of his glans. A clear drop of essence glistened at its tip.
                              "Yeah," Jud piped up. "You're much bigger than him." He reached out and
touched my glans, his tongue running around his lips as he took hold of me. "This part isn't
though. Jan's knob is bigger I reckon." The feel of his fingers softly holding me almost
caused me to lose control.
                              "Let's see how big you are," Simon said, picking up the tape measure
from where it still hung around my neck. The boys all crowded around. I felt one of them
come between my legs from behind and take hold of my scrotum, weighing my large testes
and making them jiggle around in their pouch. Another had his hand resting on my buttock,
his fingers curved around into the groove between them. Simon pressed the end of the tape
into my pubic mound, which was covered with a sparse bush of fine black hairs, and ran it
along the hard curved top of my penis to the large satiny crown.
                            "You're leaking lots of stuff," he said as he came to the tip. He touched the
discharge with his finger, wiping it off so he could put the tape end at my slit. He put his
finger up to his mouth and touched his tongue to the shiny globule. "You taste a bit like Jud
does, but he doesn't come. Your stuff tastes a bit like his thing." He sounded surprised.
                            "I guess we all taste similar," I told him, hardly able to speak.
                             Jud touched a finger to my glans, drawing it away with a drop of my sperm
on its end. He put it straight into his mouth. "Yes," he said. "You taste like Simon. Mmmm!"
He screwed up his face with exaggerated delight, making us all laugh.
                             "Jeeze! Eighteen centimetres!" Simon exclaimed, his attention back on
measuring me. "You're huge, Gary. Let's see how round it is," and he wrapped the tape
around my shaft. "Twelve centimetres! That's as big around as I am long! Wow!"
                                 The boys looked at me in awe. I guess it did sound impressive
compared to their own measurements. Jud and Simon both had their hands back on me, the
youngest boy stroking over the swollen, slippery glans, his brother running his fingers around
and along the hard shaft. Their other hands were fondling themselves, masturbating their
own penises. Chris and Jan were doing the same, their eyes still glued on my groin. They all
(and me) looked to be close to reaching their peaks.
                              There were still things I wanted to see and do with the boys before this
session ended and I figured it would end once climaxes had been reached. I stood up, my
underpants falling to the floor and I stepped out of them. Simon and Jud reluctantly let my
penis go. We were now all completely nude.  There was now no hint of embarrassment or
inhibition, there was no shyness in looking at or touching each others genitalia, no pulling
away when one of their penises touched another, and they let their hands fondle and caress
whatever part of their friend they wanted to. I leaned over and picked up the bottle of oil.
                                "Okay, guys. I want you to lie on the floor, side by side, with your feet
towards me."
                                 They all looked a little puzzled at my request, but complied with it, lying
on the floor, their bare feet towards me. I walked forward to stand between Chris and Simon
who were on the left of the group. All of them had a difficult job looking past my erection to
my face; and I found it extremely erotic to be standing above these naked boys knowing they
were looking at at my aroused sexual organs and seeing parts of my body usually hidden
beneath my clothing. I knelt down, my buttocks resting on my heels and took hold of Chris's
feet, bringing them onto my thighs. I poured some of the oil into my hand and began rubbing
it onto his feet, smoothing it all over the sole, heel, upper arch and toes, making his skin
slippery and slick. I paid particular attention to his big and second toes. ensuring the gap
between them was well lubricated. My hands lingered on his feet, enjoying again the feel of
his sinews and bone structure beneath his pale skin, the feel of his long toes and the sight of
his nude body stretched out before me.
                                   When he was finished, his feet shiny and wet with oil, I left them on
my thighs and took Simon's feet into my lap alongside them. He was taller than Chris and his
feet rested against my erection, his heels pressing into my groin. I proceeded to massage oil
into his feet, oiling my genitals as well in the process. I watched my hands working on Simon,
manipulating each toe, massaging his heels and the smooth fleshy balls of his feet and
leaving them smeared with the lubricant, and I could feel him giving slight presses against
my hardness as I worked on him. The boys were all touching each other's penises as they lay
there, but their eyes were watching what I was doing.
                                    After ensuring the four feet cradled in my lap were totally covered in
oil, I placed them carefully on the floor and moved across to kneel between Jan and Jud. I
took Jud's feet onto my thighs and spread oil over them, loving the feel of his small young
feet filling my palms as I massaged and caressed them. My hands and fingers flowed easily
over his oiled flesh, the lack of friction enabling me to truly experience the feel of his feet
beneath his skin, to feel every bone, every sinew, every little nodule of hard flesh that was
part of him. His manicured toes really did feel like his little penis had felt between my fingers
and I could imagine I was holding him again as I fondled around his big toe. Again, I paid
particular attention to the gap between his big and second toe, ensuring it was slick with oil
before I finally finished with him.
                                    My eyes followed his naked legs up to his small genitals, seeing that
his testes were now relaxed, hanging beautifully below his still hard and upthrust little penis.
Each of his testicles was as small as a pigeon egg, very clearly outlined in his soft scrotum. I
glanced across at Chris and realised his scrotum had also become soft, and his testes also
now hung instead of being held tightly against his pubes. I became aware that the
temperature in the storeroom had risen dramatically as the sexual tension had risen and this
had contributed to the softening of all of our scrotums; and I realised we all seemed to be
dangling quite excitingly, both sensationally and visually. My own testes hung well below my
kneeling body and felt extremely sensitive as they brushed against my heels as I moved.
                                    Leaving Jud's feet on my now well-oiled thighs and groin, I took Jan's
into my lap, enjoying seeing his penis swaying as I raised each leg in turn and giving me a
delicious glimpse of the secret place behind his heavy testes. Jud had a hand resting across
Jan's lower belly, underneath his erection, and had his fingers and thumb curved down either
side of the base into the groove of his groin; and he brought his other hand over onto the
thick shaft sticking stiffly up the older boy's belly. Chris and Simon had their hands on each
other as well, gently stroking their friend's genitals as they watched me at work.
                                   I cupped Jan's right foot in my palm, my fingers and thumb squeezing
the groove beneath his ankle and his heel and I began to massage the oil into his foot. I
rubbed my thumb under the ball of his foot, pressing in deeply and massaging the solid flesh
as my fingers spread the oil over the top. I worked the oil up around his heel and into the
arch, using fingers and thumb to rub it into those fleshy areas and feeling his sinews and
tendons moving beneath me. The oil covered my thighs and my lap, my penis shiny with it
and the pre-cum now flowing freely from its slit and running down the shaft. My testes had
droplets of oil (and probably sweat) dripping from them and there was a puddle of the
mixtures on the floor beneath me. I poured more oil onto Jan's toes, taking each of his long
digits between my finger and thumb and gently tugging and squeezing as I spread the oil
over them. I ran my fingertips over his pale nails, teasing underneath their trimmed ends with
my fingernails and was rewarded with him squirming and his toes curling under with
excitement.
                           I continued manipulating and massaging until his feet were covered in oil
like the others, ensuring the crevasse between his big toe and its neighbour was especially
slick. Then I placed both boys' feet back on the floor and stood up, my whole lower body now
gleaming with oil. I spread it over my belly and pubic area as I gazed down on the boys
watching me. I rubbed the oil around my penis and over my scrotum then slowly stroked the
length of my slick organ as I spoke to them, seeing their eyes fasten onto my caressing
fingers.
                          "Simon, I want you to swing yourself around so your feet are towards Chris
and in his lap. Jud and Jan, you can sit up and watch." The boys did as I asked, Jud sitting
crosslegged on my left and Jan on my right as Simon swivelled himself around and faced
Chris, his oiled feet between the other boy's spread thighs. Chris raised himself up on his
elbows to watch. "Chris, I want you to put your foot in Simon's lap. Rest it on his penis but be
careful you don't press hard on his testes." Chris did as requested, both he and Simon
giggling as he placed his foot onto the boy's sex, his heel resting on Simon's scrotum, just
above the two boy-eggs and causing them to be pressed outwards, either side of his heel.
                           I squatted down between the two boys sitting crosslegged beside me. "I'm
going to put your thing between Chris's toes, Simon, and I want you to make yourself come
while we watch, using Chris's toes like you would use your hand. Can you do that?"
                            Simon blushed, but nodded, his penis obviously aching for release and that
desire over-riding any feelings of embarrassment or shyness he might have had. I leaned
over and took hold of his penis, my hand closing over his beautiful organ, feeling again its
smooth firmness and the heat emanating from it. He gasped as I slid up to the engorged
crimson glans, my fingers gripping it lightly beneath its rim and began placing it between
Chris's big and second toes. Chris eased back to allow his friend's penis easier access and I
pressed it into the groove, my hand going down to its base to hold it in place. Chris's toes
wrapped around the shaft as it settled in, the glans protruding from the underside of Chris's
foot. I slid my hand up Simon's flat belly, caressing his pubic bulge, his belly and resting over
his navel before running up over his chest. His penis began to come out from between
Chris's toes when I removed my hand and Simon replaced it by pressing the base of it with
his hands. I withdrew and knelt back down between the other two boys to watch.
                           Simon began to move his buttocks, causing his penis to move backwards
and forwards between Chris's toes. Chris assisted by rocking his foot slightly in rythm with
Simon. He took Simon's feet and pressed them into his own groin, either side of his small
bundle of treasures. He masturbated himself against them, rubbing his friend's oily feet
around in his lap. I placed a hand in each of the laps of the boys beside me, taking hold of
two very different young penises. Jud's tiny rod fitted between my thumb and forefinger,
while Jan's huge shaft just fitted within my grasp. His penis was extremely hot and I glanced
down at it. It stood proudly erect, its squared flared glans so swollen it had a sheen like red
silk to it. A clear bead of fluid was coming out of its slit and the whole penis looked ready to
burst. My eyes fastened on his glans, once again marvelling at its unusual shape, so flat and
broad compared to his shaft, the coronal rim like an umbrella. My mouth ached to engulf it
and I leaned towards him.
                           "I'm going to suck you off when Simon has come," I told him softly. "I really
want to feel your penis inside my mouth." He glanced at me, going bright red, then gave me
a shy smile, looking down at himself held in my hand. He then surprised me by putting his
hand on my thigh, his fingers just grazing my penis and leaving it there as he turned back to
watch the boys in front of us.
                           I looked at Jud and gave his delightful little organ a gentle squeeze. He
looked back at me and gave me a beaming, cheeky grin. He was thoroughly enjoying the
proceedings. He looked down at my lap and, with no hesitation, put his hand on me, his small
fingers barely able to reach around my shaft but taking hold and squeezing firmly. I almost
came at his touch and I forced my attention back onto Simon and Chris to stop myself, but
still enjoying the feel of the youngster's hand on me.
                           Simon was bucking quite rapidly now, obviously nearing orgasm. His penis
looked red and slick with oil and pre-cum. Chris was writhing, his foot masturbating Simon
while his hands squashed Simon's feet against his own sexual parts, his little shaft looking
raw and shiny poking up between Simon's oil-slick feet. Both boys were breathing in short
gasps, their belly and leg muscles tense, their bodies covered in a sheen of sweat.
                          Suddenly Simon gave a cry and held himself rigid, his penis thrusting out
from between Chris's toes. Then a spurt of fluid jetted out from its slit, arcing up and out in a
long thread that landed on Chris's belly and trailed back over his hands and Simon's feet and
along the floor between their spread thighs. Simon's stomach muscles stood out in sharp
relief. He spasmed again and another streak of semen burst out of his penis, following the
same trajectory as the first and splashing over Chris's groin and his feet.
                          "Yes!" cried Jud with a satisfied touch to his voice. He clenched my penis
hard. "Told you Simon could make stuff come out, didn't I?" he said to no-one in particular.
                           Just as Simon spurted the third time, Chris suddenly gave a cry and his
penis spat a jet of fluid up into the air. I watched enthralled as his small penis, its hood still
covering half of the crimson glans, shot the clear liquid of his first climax straight up from its
slit. The discharge seemed to hang momentarily before dropping back onto its source and
another lesser burst took its place. Simon's penis had ceased its spurting and now oozed a
grey cream that slid from his urethra, down the underside of his glans and onto Chris's foot.
His eyes were glazed as he lifted his head to watch his young friend climax. Chris's head was
thrown back, his chest heaving, as he came, unaware of anything except the extreme
sensations he was experiencing for the first time. Jan and Jud watched silently, but I could
feel their penises throbbing in my grasp, could feel their own excitement building.
                         Simon and Chris gradually calmed, their breathing becoming more even,
their muscles relaxing; and they both lay quietly, hands stroking around their slowly softening
boyhoods and each other's feet, smearing their juices over each other to mix with the oil. I
turned towards Jan, looked down at his penis still held within my hand, then slowly lowered
my face into his lap.
                        I kept my eyes open as I descended, gazing at his satiny crown as I came
down upon it. The urethral hole was large, seeming like a vertical mouth on the flattened
glans. I let my fingers trail up his shaft and hold each side of the flared cap, spreading his slit
with my thumb and forefinger. The clean, bright red interior of his urethra, coated with his
clear juices was too tempting and I pointed my tongue into its centre. Jan gasped and
clutched at my hair as I poked the tip of my tongue into his opening, tasting his fresh musky
taste and letting my lips close onto his satiny head. I slid down over him, his large glans
filling my mouth and my lips gripping the narrower shaft below it. I allowed my teeth to lightly
graze the flared rim, moving my mouth ever so slightly backwards and forwards over that
firm ridge. He felt hot, smooth and so very large inside my mouth. I was dimly aware of my
own penis being stroked and my testicles fondled, but Jan's sweet organ dominated my
senses.
                     His hands tightened in my hair and in only moments I felt him swelling even
larger in my mouth and knew he was going to come. I kept up my ministrations, suctioning on
that bulbous crown and using my tongue to force him onto the roof of my mouth. He gave a
sharp cry and suddenly thrust up into me, almost forcing himself down my throat. I just had
time to draw back slightly before I felt a cool creamy liquid burst into my mouth. Its salty
sweet taste immediately filled my mouth and I savoured it as another burst of thicker, lumpier
fluid spurted into me. I swallowed, feeling his boy fluids slide easily down my throat, coating
my membranes with its sticky essence. Again he spurted. ... And again. Each time he
grunted and almost doubled over, his hands clenched tightly in my hair and trying to force
himself deeper into my mouth.
                      Jan came as powerfully as any young man, several hard bursts of semen that
sprayed out with some force and then it eased off to a slow seepage at the end of his climax.
I kept my mouth still as he wound down, knowing how sensitive his glans would be and
wanting to do nothing to take any of the pleasure away from what he was feeling. It was he
who finally moved, withdrawing his slowly softening penis from my mouth, letting go of my
hair and leaning back onto his arms.
                      "Whoosh!" he exclaimed. "That was awesome, Gary."
                       "I enjoyed it too, Jan," I told him, wiping my hand across my mouth, tasting
him and now the oil as I licked my lips. "Now it's my turn." I stood up, Jud's hand falling away
from my erection. The boys all looked expectantly up at me. "Okay, guys. That was fantastic.
There's just one more thing and the shoes are yours. I want you to all lie down again. On
your backs, feet towards me." Again they complied and I stood at their feet, looking down on
them with their now soft penises - except for Jud, whose little erection never seemed to wilt
at all but still stood stiffly upright from his pubes.
                       "I want you to wriggle into a position where you can put your feet around this,"
I told them, holding my erection out from my groin. It was marvellous watching the boys
wriggle around beneath me and stretch up their feet towards my waist. They fanned around
to enable them all to reach me, the two smallest boys coming up beneath my testicles while
Simon and Jan brought a foot either side of my penis. I rearranged them around me, my
penis finally being sandwiched between four young feet. The oil I had coated them with made
a slippery tunnel through which I thrust. I cupped their feet in my hands, feeling their solid
heels firm in my palms, my fingers splayed over their uppers and toes. I squeezed them
around my penis and began thrusting backwards and forwards between the tight hollow
created, looking down at this erotic sight.
                       It didn't take me long. The sight of myself thrusting through the youngsters'
feet, withdrawing behind their flesh until their feet touched each other, then forcing back into
view through the tight slippery tunnel they created, my glans spreading and engorged as it
burst through, brought me to a climax in a matter of seconds.
                     It was a climax like none I had ever experienced before. I spurted a stream of
fluid out beyond the boys beneath me, the white thread of my semen landing beyond Simon's
head and touching all of them as it broke up. The second burst followed immediately and was
a spray of thinner fluids that seemed to come out as though from a hose, droplets splattering
on all of the boys beneath me. The sensations through my penis were almost painful in their
intensity as the next burst erupted. I was lost to the pleasure created, my body tense and
straining, my built-up climax finally being released.
                     I was aware of the cries from the boys, surprise and delight, as my penis
discharged and they pressed their feet into me as I leaned into them, semen still squirting out
and onto them. I came at least five times before the powerful ejaculations ceased and my
climax became more 'normal', my pulsating becoming less intense and finally subsiding, the
last of my fluids being squeezed out by the pressure from the boys' feet. My muscles
quivered and my legs felt rather rubbery as my climax ended and we all remained as we
were for several minutes, me with my hands still cradling their feet around my still hard
penis, and the boys relaxed and sated at my feet just looking up at me.
                    Finally I felt Simon stir and I let go of their feet and walked over to the locker on
the far wall. I got a couple of towels, using one to clean myself up, to wipe the oil from my
hands and body and the residue of sperm. I threw the others to the boys who were slowly
getting to their feet. They proceeded to clean themselves up, checking each other's bodies to
point out missed droplets of sperm and oil.
                     "That was great, guys," I told them, resting my hand on Simon's and Jud's
shoulders. "You certainly earned your new shoes."
                     "Thanks, Gary. I enjoyed it a lot," Simon said. The other boys all nodded or
spoke out as well, agreeing with him.
                      "Er...maybe we could do it again sometime," Jan said, blushing.
                       "You enjoyed it that much?" I asked him smiling. "I couldn't afford all the
shoes!"
                       "You wouldn't have to give us anything," Jud piped up. "We could just fool
around because we wanted to, couldn't we, Simon?"
                       "That'd be great," I said, seeing Simon nod assent to his brother's question. "I
am here every Saturday afternoon if you want me. I'll leave it up to any or all of you. But its
only between us. You only come if you want to. Now, I think you all better get dressed and
you can put these on to wear home." I picked up the pile of shoe boxes and tossed them to
their new owners. "I reckon you can have them for free, if we're going to continue the fun."
                       "Gee! Thanks, Gary," they chorused excitedly and I squatted on the floor and
watched them get dressed and check out their new shoes. It seemed as though Saturday
afternoons, at least for a while, were never going to be the same again.
                                       

                                                                           THE END?


--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....