Archive-name: Affairs/nextdr01.txt
Archive-author: Solitaire
Archive-title: Next Door Neighbors


         Several years ago  the widow  next door  moved to  an apartment  in
     North Springs, leaving her house vacant for about 6 months as she tried
     to sell it.  I kept the lawn mowed and checked to make sure that no one
     broke in and damaged  it.  Finally a  divorced mother of two  teenagers
     bought the house  and moved  in one  week when my  wife and  I were  on
     vacation.  When we  returned home from our  vacation it was about  2:00
     a.m. and both the houses were dark.  After sleeping late, I went to the
     shed in the back and got the  mower, intending to cut both yards  since
     they hadn't been cut in a week.

         I pushed the  mower into the  backyard next door  and was about  to
     start the  motor when  a blond  woman wearing  a bikini  top and  short
     shorts came out of the sliding door in the basement and asked me what I
     was doing in her backyard.   That was my introduction  to Stacy.  As  I
     explained that I had been gone for  a week and that I had been  keeping
     the yard cut I had  a chance to give my  new neighbor more than a  once
     over.  She was about 35 (actually she was 36 I found out later), 5'  6"
     in height, and weighed about 115 pounds.   She was very tanned and  her
     stomach was flat and  her legs trim, a  result of her participation  in
     ALTA.  While not  large, her breasts firmly  pushed against the  bright
     yellow bikini top  and I  could see  just the  hint of  the soft  white
     underside of her breast under the band.

         About that time  my wife came  to the back  yard wondering why  she
     hadn't heard the mower  start and we  had re-introductions all  around.
     We went into her house and, over a cold beer, found out that she was  a
     native of Atlanta (having  grown up in Buckhead)  and that she had  two
     teenaged children, a daughter of 18 and a  son of 14.  She and her  ex-
     husband had just gone through an unpleasant divorce and she had  almost
     nothing good  to say  about  him.   As I  was  finishing my  beer,  her
     daughter Tracy walked onto the porch wearing only thin satin baby  doll
     pajamas with her  nipples tracing lines  in the green  fabric.  As  she
     stretched, her arms raised and the pajamas rose up so that her  stomach
     was exposed and I could see light brown hairs escaping from the  crotch
     of her panties.  As Tracy walked  into the kitchen, I had to  re-adjust
     my position to hide my growing erection.

         Leaving the two women talking and  catching up on all their  mutual
     friends, I went back to the yard and started cutting the grass.   After
     finishing with Stacy's yards  I cut my own,  starting in the front  and
     ending in my own  backyard.  As  I started the  mower, I noticed  Tracy
     lying face down on a chaise lounge wearing only the bottoms of a thong-
     style bikini.  As I  watched, she reached down  and took the bottle  of
     sun tan lotion and let it drip on her exposed ass.  Putting the  bottle
     back on the grass, her hands went behind and began to rub the  slippery
     oil into her skin, her buttocks gleaming in the sun light.  In spite of
     my now solid erection, I  started the mower and  began to cut my  yard,
     but I must admit  that I walked much  slower when I  was moving in  her
     direction.

         When I finished  the yard and  had just put  the mower away,  Tracy
     came out of the house carrying another  cold beer.  I watched the  sway
     of her hips and the gentle bob of her breasts as she walked toward  me.
     Just as she got to me, she stepped on something sharp and stumbled into
     me, her slick  skin rubbing against  my sweaty chest  as my hands  went
     around her instinctively to keep her from falling.  As she stood  there
     rubbing her hurt foot,  her breasts were firmly  pressed into my  chest
     and her  thigh was  inserted between  my legs,  rubbing on  my  crotch.
     After what seemed like minutes, but was probably only seconds, she  put
     her leg down and stepped back, looking deep into my eyes as she  handed
     me the beer, her  fingers lingering on mine  for an extended period  of
     time.

         "I though you might like this,"  she said as her fingers  continued
     to stroke mine.  My only confusion  was what she thought I might  like:
     the beer or the feel of her young  body.  As I thanked her, she  turned
     and walked back to her chaise,  her buttocks naked except for the  thin
     white strip  that went  down the  crack  of her  ass. By  now I  had  a
     complete, raging erection that  I couldn't hide,  even under my  Levis.
     As she got to the chaise, she turned her head and looked at me over one
     shoulder as she reached back and untied the bikini top, holding it with
     her hands as she again  lay on her stomach,  the firmness of her  white
     breasts compacted and pressing out from her body.

         When my wife finally got home, I was just getting out of the shower
     and was  drying off.   She  sat on  the bed  and talked  about our  new
     neighbor and all her  problems.  When she  got around to talking  about
     Tracy, my cock started  to thicken and rise  as pulsations of  pleasure
     ran through my crotch.  I walked up  to her, took her hand, and put  it
     on my cock.   "You've got  to be  kidding!" she exclaimed.   "It's  the
     middle of the day and  we just got back  from vacation.  Besides,  I've
     already made the beds and I'm getting hungry.  Put some clothes on  and
     let's go to Rio Bravo for lunch."  And that was that!

         Over the next several months we got to know Stacy even better.  She
     would play her tennis matches and then  come over and sit on our  porch
     talking with my  wife.   Sometimes she  would stay  until after  dinner
     time, drinking beer and laughing with my wife about some nonsense  some
     of their friends had  gotten into.   Usually I would  join them on  the
     porch and I enjoyed watching Stacy's  trim legs under her short  tennis
     skirt and the outline of her breasts under the bodice of her dress, but
     sometimes I got  upset that  we didn't  have dinner  and had  to go  to
     Morrison's Cafeteria when it got "too late to fix dinner".  During this
     same time I got to know both  Tracy and her brother Bobby better  also.
     They would come over looking  for their mother and  we would go to  the
     basement and play Ping-Pong while the two adults continued their gossip
     and beers.  While  Bobby was a competent  player, Tracy was  excellent.
     Her serve and backhand were better  than mine, but my forehand  smashes
     usually won me the games.   Since we played round-robin style with  the
     winner playing the person who sat out the last game, sometimes I  would
     intentionally lose so I could watch her bouncing breasts under the  tee
     shirt and her firm ass under the  running shorts she usually wore.   As
     we played longer and longer, her sweat would turn the tee shirt and her
     bra into  nearly transparent  cellophane  as I  could faintly  see  the
     outlines of her nipples darkly pressed against the wet material.

         One night when I was outside  washing my car under the  spotlights,
     Stacy came over and asked  if I would help her  change a light bulb  in
     her kitchen.  She couldn't  turn the bulb and  she was afraid that  she
     would break it  if she  forced it.   My wife  was at a  shower for  the
     daughter of a friend and I had seen both kids leave to go to a football
     game at the high  school.  I  got the short  kitchen stool and  started
     working on the light bulb, trying to  turn it with a towel when I  felt
     cool fingers stroking the head of my  cock!  Looking down, I saw  Stacy
     standing in front of me, her hand touching the head of my cock where it
     was exposed under my  shorts.  Since  I was washing  the car, I  hadn't
     bothered to wear underpants and, apparently,  when I raised my arms  to
     work on the  light, my shorts  had ridden  up, exposing the  end of  my
     prick.  As I watched, her hand  went further into my shorts and I  felt
     her grasp the shaft of my swiftly  hardening shaft.  As she pulled  the
     skin back and forth,  I watched her  tongue dart out  of her mouth  and
     moisten her red lips as she leaned forward and took just the head  into
     her mouth, her lips firmly clasping my  prick at the top of the  shaft.
     I could feel the suction of her lips as her tongue slid back and  forth
     over the sensitive glans, poking wetly at the slit as she tried to  get
     her tongue into  its opening.   I was  having trouble  standing on  the
     stool and I nearly fell  off as she pulled  my cock harder and  harder,
     her hand becoming a blur as she masterbated me into her mouth.

         Pulling her head  back, but  maintaining a  firm grip  on my  rigid
     shaft, she told me that  she wanted me to  fuck her, right then,  right
     there.  I stepped back off the  stool as she quickly pushed her  little
     tennis panties  to the  floor, carrying  her undies  with them.   As  I
     watched, she reached down and spread the front of her pussy, letting me
     see the bright  pink moistness  between her  inner lips.   Her  fingers
     forced the hood over her clit to retract and it poked pinkly out like a
     miniature cock.    Rubbing her  finger  over its  surface,  her  breath
     started coming faster and  faster.  She  pulled me to  her and used  my
     cock to rub her clit,  and I could feel its  hard bud rubbing into  the
     slit as she  fucked herself into  me.   Without a word  she turned  and
     leaned over the  sink, leaning  over and  reaching back  to spread  her
     pussy.

         "Don't wait.  Put it in me now.  Shove your cock all the way up  my
     cunt and fuck me until I can't stand it!"  Her pink pussy was  gleaming
     in the  wetness of  her own  fluids and  her inner  lips, swollen  with
     blood, framed the pulsating opening to her cunt.  Could I refuse?

--
