Archive-name: Affairs/nextdr02.txt
Archive-author: Solitaire
Archive-title: Next Door Neighbors 2


         I had never cheated on my wife  before, but never before had I  had
     an opportunity like this.  My next door neighbor, a divorcee of 36, was
     naked from the waist down, bent over  the sink, and begging me to  fuck
     her brains out.  Her pretty pink pussy was pulsating in anticipation of
     feeling my shaft slide  deep inside her  body.  I made  up my mind  and
     stepped forward, placing my feet between  her spread legs.  Pulling  my
     pelvis back, I put the tip of my cock into the warm wetness between her
     legs and, after  a few  teasing very  short strokes,  drove the  entire
     length of my  cock into her  cunt, my balls  banging on her  clit as  I
     bottomed on her cervix.

         "Oh God!  It's been so long.  I want you to stay inside me forever.
     I almost forgot how  good it feels to  have a man inside  me.  Fuck  me
     fast and then fuck  me slow.  I  want to feel you  move up and down  in
     me."

         Her words inflamed an already hot situation and I gritted my  teeth
     and tried to think of baseball scores, algebraic formulae, and anything
     else which would keep my mind off the hot pleasure of fucking into  the
     warm moistness of her cunt.   As I fucked her,  I could feel her  pussy
     muscles contracting  around  my  shaft as  she  pussy-milked  my  cock.
     Fortunately, thinking of other things kept me from cumming too quickly,
     and I could  feel her spasm  through two orgasms  before it became  too
     much for me.

         "I'm going to cum!" I warned her as  I slowed nearly to a stop,  my
     cock buried deep  inside her.   "Not yet!" she  begged, "I'm not  quite
     there yet.  Please don't cum yet."  Gritting my teeth, I pulled out  of
     her cunt and quickly knelt behind  her, my tongue lashing out to  bathe
     her cunt as  I licked her  from clit  to anus, my  lips suctioning  her
     inner lips and my  tongue whipping back and  forth across her  wetness.
     Her pussy juices  were running down  my chin as  she ground her  crotch
     back into my face, forcing  my mouth over her  vagina and my tongue  to
     probe into its warm recess.

         As she began to moan and her hips started an involuntary motion,  I
     rose and drove  myself deep into  her, feeling the  soft velvety  walls
     spreading before the force of my invader.  She cried out as the  spasms
     of her  third  orgasm  started,  her  legs  weakening  as  she  dropped
     helplessly onto my iron-hard shaft.  Her pleasure brought me to a  peak
     and I felt the hot blasts of  cum shooting up my prick, exploding  into
     her pussy as one, two, three, and  four large spurts of cum filled  her
     pussy to overflowing, the excess forced down along my cock to drip from
     her pussy onto the kitchen floor.  My hips spasmed independently of  my
     control as the extreme pleasure of my climax was nearly overpowering.

         As I started to soften, I started to pull out when she reached back
     and grasped me around the hips,  pulling me back into her wetness,  her
     inner softness clasping  me like a  soft leather glove  as her  muscles
     again milked my cock.  Her hands  controlled my motions.  At first  she
     let me  move only  and  inch or  so back  and  forth, the  wetness  and
     slipperiness of her cunt permitting me to remain inside her even though
     I wasn't completely hard.   As the pleasure  grew, her hands pushed  me
     back and forth more and more until, finally, my cock was hard again and
     I could see it gleam in the combination of our fluids.


         Pulling back, I took her hand and led her into the den where I  sat
     on the couch,  pulling her  down onto my  lap.   I could  feel my  cock
     rubbing hotly  between  us as  she  rubbed her  clit  up and  down  its
     tautness, her clit poking sharply into the sensitive skin covering  the
     tube.  I unhooked the neck strap of her tennis dress and pulled it down
     below her bra.   Since her breasts  were small but  firm, I pushed  the
     cups up above her  tits, the lower band  forcing the swelling flesh  to
     bulge even more as it cut into the softness of her upper breasts.   Her
     nipples were light pink  in color, but they  protruded at least a  half
     inch and were as firm  as pencil erasers.   She leaned forward and  put
     her soft lips on mine as her hands went to my shoulders.  I could  feel
     her tongue pressing into my mouth as mine opened and our tongues  began
     a wet, sexy duel.

         As I felt her raise up, her hand went between us as she  positioned
     me to enter her again.  She put just the head of my cock into her pussy
     and started  a circular  motion,  the velvety  smoothness of  her  cunt
     sliding wetly around its mushroom-shaped bulge.  Her fingers went to my
     nipples and I could  feel her fingers gently  scratching my chest,  her
     fingernails running back and forth over my skin as my nipples  erected,
     blooming forth  as the  excitement caused  them to  poke out  of  their
     covering of hair.   My hands went to  her tits and  I caressed both  of
     them, my hands  squeezing and  kneading their  softness as  I felt  her
     nipples poking hotly into  my palms.   As I felt  her fingers grasp  my
     nipple between thumb and index finger, I let her nipple poke up between
     my ring and middle fingers, my fingers contracting around the sensitive
     buds of pleasure.  She began to pull on my nipples as she began to ride
     my cock like a horse, posting up and  down on my prick, her lips  still
     sweetly locked on mine.

         I could feel all my senses concentrated in three pleasure  centers:
     my cock  inside its  velvet-smooth wetness;  my nipples  being  pinched
     harder and harder as the pleasures  grew; and my lips where her  tongue
     continued its intrusion into me.  As her fingers pinched harder, I  let
     my fingers return the feeling to  her nipples.  Finally I couldn't  get
     enough pressure with the two fingers so I grabbed her nipple between my
     thumb and the nuckle of my index finger.  I started twisting her nipple
     back and forth as I  felt her fingernails begin  to dig into mine,  the
     pain/pleasure radiating throughout my  entire body.   As she came,  her
     fingernails nearly drew blood and I  squeezed her nipples as hard as  I
     could, the pressure turning their pinkness white.

         As she came down from her orgasm she said, "Now be more gentle.   I
     love to feel the  pain when I'm cumming,  but now I  just want to  feel
     softness on my nipples."   I gently massaged  her nipples, flicking  my
     fingers up and down over their  surface until I felt her fingers  begin
     their pressures on  my nipples.   I duplicated her  actions.  When  she
     tortured, I tortured; when she was gentle, I was gentle.

         Since I was still rock hard, I let her continue to ride my cock  as
     she brought herself to two more  major orgasms and, I'm sure, a  number
     of smaller  ones.    Finally,  she  slumped  on  my  chest,  completely
     exhausted, saying, "I can't move any more.  My legs just won't work.  I
     just can't fuck you  any more, you're  going to have  to do the  work."
     She rolled off  my chest  and lay  on her back  on the  sofa, her  body
     covered with sweat and completely  vulnerable for whatever I wanted  to
     do.  I grasped her ankles and brought her legs up in a "V", hooking her
     legs over my shoulders as I pulled her pelvis up to meet mine, her body
     suspended by her head and shoulders and  my hands on her ass.   Pulling
     back, I fucked her with abandon,  forgetting everything but my need  to
     cum.  She was just  an instrument, a plaything, a  hole for my rod.   I
     was maniacal!  My whole being was concentrated in my prick.  She was so
     wet that I could hardly feel her at all as I fucked back and forth,  my
     balls banging into her ass.

         Looking up at me, she began to pinch her own nipples, saying, "Come
     on, you can do it.  Fuck me!  Fuck me harder!  Stick your cock all  the
     way up to  my throat!   Shove that  hard pecker into  my little  pussy.
     Would it help if I  sucked your cock?  Would  you like to feel my  lips
     and tongue on your cock?  Do you  want to fill my mouth with your  cum?
     Is that what turns you on?   Come on down here.   Let me watch you  cum
     all over my face and in my mouth.  Is that what you want?  Do you  want
     to see my  face covered  in your  cum?   Do you  want to  see your  cum
     dripping off my  tongue?   Let me  suck all  the cum  from your  balls.
     That's it, let my legs down.  Straddle  me so that your big cock is  in
     my poor little mouth.  Do you like that?  Do you like to feel my tongue
     on you cock while you masterbate?  I like the taste of you.  I want  to
     taste your cum.   Come on, you  can do it.   Come on, come  on...that's
     it...oh, look at  all that cum...you  got it in  my eyes...let me  suck
     it...put it closer...ummmhm."

         Her words had inflamed me like nothing before.  I was determined to
     make my cock cum all over her face.  Rubbing as fast as I could, I felt
     the sperm start to shoot up my prick and I aimed it right at her mouth,
     the force of the  first shot causing  it to overshoot  and land in  her
     eye.   But the  second and  third wads,  smaller and  with less  force,
     dripped onto those red, moist  lips and I saw  her tongue flick out  to
     capture their salty whiteness.   I tilted my  cock and shoved the  head
     into her mouth and I could see her cheeks hollow as she sucked the last
     few drops from my balls.  Pulling  back, I realized with horror that  I
     had just fucked my  next door neighbor,  and that my  wife was sure  to
     find out.  Now what was I going to do?

--
