     "What I don't understand," Tony said, looking out the
window, "is how such a sweet girl can wind up with a dick
like that."
 
     I nodded, even though Tony didn't see me.  Gazing
out the window, I saw exactly what he was looking at:
Lorelei and her boyfriend Jim arguing -- again.
 
     Tony turned to me.  "You know what I mean?" he
said.
 
     I nodded again, and this time he caught it.  "So much
for a relaxing weekend with friends," I muttered.
 
     Well, not really, I thought.  We had all come -- all
twenty of us -- to relax and enjoy each other's company
one last time before we headed off in our own separate
ways for the fall term.  The beach house sat overlooking
a small Atlantic sound, providing plenty of room for
the horde which had decended upon it this late August
weekend.  All in all, it had been pretty ideal, except for
Jim and Lorelei.
 
     Lorelei was eighteen, and undisputably gorgeous.
She had a sense of innocence about her that was truly
enticing, drawing people towards her with her soft
femininity.  She was extremely comfortable to be
around, because when she smiled she simply lit up the
room.
 
     Jim, however, seemed to take that innocence to the
logical extreme, and use it against her.  In social
situations -- like this one -- his raw charisma and strong
personality seemed to dwarf her, not necessarily in an
intimidating manner, but similar to putting a dark
shade on a very bright light.  Not quite extinguishing it,
but dimming the glow considerably.
 
     Tony had said something, and I asked him to repeat
it.  "I said," he said evenly, knowing that I was
preoccupied,  "Things would be fine if he would just
leave her alone."
 
     "Yeah," was all I could say.  Jim had a very annoying
tendency to try and ruin whatever fun Lorelei might be
having.  While she was sunbathing, for instance, he had
gone to a lot of trouble to sneak up behind her with a
bucket of ice water -- a four gallon bucket no less -- and
dump it all over her.  Perhaps he thought he was being
playful, but he didn't stop to think that, at the very
least, ice can hurt.
 
     Tony's words sunk in a little deeper.  "You know," I
said thoughtfully.  "You're right.  I was playing chess
with her earlier, and she told me that she really liked
playing with me, because I wasn't always telling her to
hurry up or getting on her case about a bad move or
anything like that."  I took a deep breath, trying to get it
all out at once.  In my mind, I made a mental joke that I
guess she took my breath away.
 
     "Yeah, well, you can't have girls like that," Tony
said.
 
     Offended, I shot him a look.  "What do you mean?"
I challenged.  I mean, I'm not bad looking:  average
height, medium build, brown hair and eyes.  In fact,
that was the problem.  I am too average for my own
good.  I probably am the most un-remarkable guy I
know.  I used to joke that I had this nice, generic face.
"Insert personality here," I'd say.  I stopped when I
realized that it really wasn't doing my self-esteem any
good.
 
     Tony realized what he said, and shook his head.
"No," he tried to calm me.  "I meant that guys like you
and me, we're too nice.  No challenge in us, I guess."
 
     "Oh."  I knew what he meant.  I wanted to respond
to that, but got interrupted as Lorelei burst in through
the screen door of the porch.  She stopped, looked at us,
and smiled a weak smile.  "I just needed to be--" she
paused, searching for the right word.  Her eyes glanced
out at Jim in the yard, who had run off to play frisbee
with some of the other guests.  "-- alone."  With that,
she vanished into one of the living rooms.
 
     I turned to Tony, and shrugged.  "I'll be right back,"
I said.  "I'm going to go be a nice guy again and get her
something to drink.  Do you want something?"
 
     He shook his head.  I went into the kitchen and
grabbed some ice tea for Lorelei and me.  Upon
returning to the living room, I was mildly amused to
see Tony sitting behind Lorelei, giving her a backrub.
She was sitting Indian-style, her head drooped down in
front of her so low that her long brunette hair cascaded
down in front of her face, completely hiding it.
 
     I sat down in front of her.  "Lorelei?  Lor?" I asked.  I
put my drink down on the table in front of us, and
parted her hair.  On her face was the biggest grin I've
ever seen.  I looked at Tony, who couldn't see this, and
winked.  "Good job," I mouthed to him.  He smiled in
appreciation and pride.
 
     "Hmmm?" she hummed.  One eye opened, and
peered back at me through the drapery of her hair.
 
     "Want something to drink?" I asked.
 
     "How sweet," she said.  "Thank you."   She took the
glass, sipped, and handed it back to me.  I placed the
glass on the table next to mine.
 
     Inspired, or perhaps just feeling a little left out, I
took one of her hands and began massaging them, too.
A small sign emitted out from the curtain of hair.
 
     The next thing I knew, thirty minutes had gone by,
and we had brought Lorelei to a reclining position.
Tony was tracing his fingers over her delicate features,
while I massaged her legs and thighs, which were
spread out over my lap.  I couldn't have moved if I
wanted to, and I didn't want to.
 
     If you have ever seen a beautiful woman's legs, and
suddenly had the urge to touch them, to touch
anatomical perfection, you'll know that to massage
them would be heavenly.  Lorelei's legs were perfect in
every way.  Lightly tanned, well-muscled, and yet soft
to the touch, I began to realize that what I was doing
and the way she was responding was having a
profound effect on my hormones.
 
     Lorelei was completely relaxed.  Her eyes were
closed, and I honestly believe there is no way to prevent
what could have happened next.  Jim came into the
room, and saw the two of us gently massaging his
girlfriend.  He smiled, and then came over and knelt
beside us on the couch.  Neither Tony nor I said
anything, and Jim leaned over as if to kiss her.
 
     Suddenly, as if it was all a ruse, he swooped down
upon her exposed navel underneath her halter top, and
gave her a raspberry.
 
     The moment was shattered like fine crystal.  I felt her
legs tense up like iron, and Tony nearly lost a hand as
Lorelei sat bolt upright, fire blazing in her eyes.
 
     "Oh, Jim," I said.  "You just lost some major brownie
points there."
 
     Jim was smillng at his little practical joke, unaware
at the damage he had done.  Lorelei's jaw set in
determination, and her hands crossed over her stomach in a
defensive gesture.  Almost in defiance, she lay back upon
Tony and turned her head aside in a silent rebuff.
 
     "Fine!" Jim said, his voice rising.  "If you can't take a
joke, then fine!"  With that, he stood up and stormed
off.
 
     Without opening her eyes, she asked, "Is he gone?"
 
     Tony and I were a little shaken.  Neither one of us
could have moved if we wanted to since she was
draped over the two of us, and both of us felt a little
awkward being caught in the middle of their spat.  "Uh,
yeah." Tony said.
 
     Her eyes opened wide.  "Good," she said, and sat up,
swinging her legs onto the floor.  She took each of us by
the hand, and hauled both of us on our feet.  "Come with
me," she ordered.
 
     It was the first display of assertiveness I'd seen from
her, and wondered exactly what kind of pawns Tony and I
would play in her anger towards Jim.  If it's one thing that
I learned a long time ago, it's not to interfere in (or get
caught between) lovers duels.
 
     She marched the two of us upstairs and into one of the
several bedrooms.  I had no idea who was staying in this
room, since the suitcases in the corner were not familiar.
She closed the door behind us, and flipped the latch closed
and locked.
 
     "There," she said with a sigh.  She seemed visibly
relaxed again, if only a little.  "Now we won't have to
worry about being disturbed again.  I'm sorry that he did
that."
 
     I looked at Tony in surprise.  He was obviously
thinking the same thing, and said, "Why are you apologizing?
It was Jim's fault!"
 
     "Yeah," I piped up.  "He's the one who should be doing
the apologizing, not you!"
 
     She smiled, and I felt a slight ping in my chest.
"That's really nice of you both," she said.  The ping went
away as she said that, replaced by a cringe.  I was
beginning to hate the word, "nice."
 
     She moved over and sat down on the large bed.  "Would
it be allright if we picked up where we left off?"
 
     "Well," I said, scratching my chin in mock hesitation.
"What do you think, Tony?  You think she deserves it?"
 
     He didn't take the cue very well.  "What?" I nudged
him with my elbow, and Lorelei giggled.  "Oh!" he said,
recovering, and then sliding into the same persona.  Pretty
soon, both of us were standing there, scratching our chins
and looking as serious as we possibly could with huge grins
on our faces.
 
     Fortunately, it didn't take us very long to put Lorelei
back into her relaxed state.  This time, though, she
remained slightly tensed, but I couldn't exactly understand
why.  Her muscles in her legs kept flexing and releasing,
flexing and releasing.  She would occassionally let out a
small sign of contentment, however, or a small moan of
pleasure as Tony and I worked our magic.
 
     For my part, I was concentrating so intently on keeping
my own erection under control that I didn't even see it
happening.  My concentration was focused entirely on my
fingers, working up and down her legs and thighs.  For some
reason, I looked up at Tony, as if to get some sort of
mutual appreciation for what we were doing, and my smile
froze.  Tony's eyes were locked not on me, but rather
downward, just above my hands.
 
     I looked back down, and saw what he was staring at.
Lorelei's cutoff shorts had a dark wet spot located on her
crotch, not two inches above my fingers!  How could I have
been so blind?  I looked at her face, which was turned to
the side, two of her fingers sliding in and out of her
mouth.
 
     My erection was not to be denied this time.  She must
have felt the rapid rise in my shorts under her leg, and she
tensed her leg against my lap.  Her leg began a rubbing
motion across my lap, a slow, brazen stroking of my cock.  I
looked back at Tony, who was watching in morbid fascination
as she took his fingers from her shoulders and began to suck
on them one at a time.
 
     Without looking, her other hand grabbed his free hand,
and slowly slid it underneath the halter.  The black
material rose and fell with the heavy breathing of this
beautiful girl, and hid nothing as his hand gently tweaked
and caressed her nipple.  I watched as the other nipple,
with no direct stimulation, slowly rose against the tight
cotton fabric.
 
     With his hand securely on her breast, she brought her
hand down to mine, which I suddenly found had stopped
working.  She never looked at me, she just gently took my
hand and slid my fingers underneath the leg hole of the
cutoffs.
 
     She was liquid.  My fingers became coated with her, and
a sweet smell of sex arose from her body.  All of a sudden,
like a thick child getting the joke minutes after it was
told, I realized why she had been tensing and flexing her
leg muscles.  It hadn't been her legs she was tensing after
all!
 
     Lorelei moaned, a light musical note which ran through
her entire body with a profound resonance.  Her hand left
mine, and went to the button of her jeans, and undid them
with a dexterity I would never have been able to muster.
The zipper came down, and I somehow managed to steal a
glance at Tony, whose eyes were glued to her crotch.
 
     She raised her hips, and I took the cue to pull them
off of her.  It was not until they were off that I
understood why her shorts had gotten so soaked: she was not
wearing any underwear.  A conversation from earlier on
floated back to me as if in a dream, explaining to me that
she used the cutoffs as swimming wear.  Personally, I would
have thought that wet denim wouldn't be too comfortable,
tending to chafe, but to each his or her own.
 
     The insides of her thighs were glistening with her
wetness, shiny in the incadencent light of the room.  My
fingers slid easily in and out of her, with enough
lubrication to fit two fingers in at one time.
 
     "Please," I heard her gasp, taking Tony's fingers out
of her mouth.  "Please lick me."
 
     I needed no further encouragement.  I moved out from
under her, and brought my face between her thighs.
Normally, I would have liked to have taken my time, licking
the inside of her thighs first, but that's not what she
wanted, and this wasn't the time to tease.  I flattened my
tongue against her sex, and stroked upwards.  With Tony's
fingers in her mouth, it was a mere moan, but I'm convinced
that she would have screamed otherwise.
 
     I began licking her in earnest, my face soon coated
with her wetness.  She tasted almost tangy, rather than the
musk I'd normally experienced between a woman's thighs.  I
was caught between my natural affinity for licking her
pussy, and wanting to watch what she was doing with Tony.
Luckily, from my vantage point, I could do both.  Well,
barely.
 
     From my position, I looked up between her breasts,
which had by this time had the halter removed. and could see
Tony scooting backwards towards the head of the bed.
Lorelei's fingers were working faster than they had before
at undoing his shorts, which fell loosely down his thighs to
his knees.  Tony shifted his weight and tried to pull his
shorts and underwear off of his legs, but Lorelei's hands
went directly to his cock, distracting him.  I couldn't help
but smile to myself as I watched him stop and then resume
undressing himself over and over while she stroked him.
 
     Never in my life have I seen anyone do what she did
next.  I had heard that women could do it, even saw a
picture of it once, but never thought that people like,
well, Lorelei could actually do it.  Leaning her head back
until her nose was completely touching his balls, she opened
her mouth and slid Tony's cock effortlessly down her throat
-- upside down.  From my vantage point, I could see between
the valley of her breasts, up the inverted 'V' of her
throat, the outline of her lower lip, and the thickly veined
shaft of Tony's cock.
 
     Tony groaned, and it was the first real sense of
reality since this whole thing began.  My mind and feelings
got swept away in a hormonal wash, and I tried to undo my
own shorts with my one free hand.  Lorelei's hips were
undulating up and down against my tongue and chin in a
steady rythm, quivering ever so slightly on the downstroke.
 
     Trying to do three things at once, even when one of
them is simply watching, is extraordinarily difficult when
you're horny.  It must have taken me five full minutes to
pull down my own shorts and set my own cock free.  I wanted
to touch myself, but my hands were so hot and sweaty from
desire that I was afraid I would rub the skin right off.
 
     Lorelei's lips were buried at the base of Tony's
crotch.
 
     "Oh, man!" Tony finally said.  "I can feel you... her
breathing on my balls!" he exclaimed, obviously unsure who
he was really talking to.
 
     Suddenly, Lorelei screamed.  Actually, since Tony was
buried deep inside her throat, it seemed like a gutteral
growl.  Her hips rammed up against my face violently for
several strokes, and one of her hands clutched my hair from
behind my head.
 
     She let go of Tony's cock long enough to look at me
with an almost pained expression on her face.  "Oh, God,
Mike."  Her voice was throaty, breathless.  It was the
sexiest I'd ever heard from a woman.  "I'm coming.  Fuck me!
Please, do it now!"
 
     I sat up, and instinctively wiped my chin.  With my
right hand, I held myself as I waddled on my knees towards
her spread legs.  I looked at her, but she was no longer
looking at me, having already slid Tony's cock back into her
mouth.  Apparently she wanted to feel two cocks entering her
at exactly the same time.
 
     Fine by me, I thought.  I knifed my cockhead between
her slippery cleft, attempting to lubricate the skin
somewhat before entering her all the way.  She didn't allow
me that luxury.  From out of nowhere the back of her calfs
slammed against my ass, driving me all the way to the hilt.
 
     I lost my balance, falling on top of her.  I heard a
muffled "oooof" from her, and Tony gasped.  I looked up
quickly, knowing what a precarious position he was in, but
the look on his face was one of pure ecstasy.  Her screams
began to get louder and more persistent, but still
sufficiently muffled by Tony's member to avoid having to
worry about eavesdroppers.
 
     Tony's breathing was becoming ragged and choppy.
"Oh, God," he said.  "I'm not going to last much longer!"
 
     With that, Lorelei took him out of her mouth once more,
and looked at me, just scant inches from her face now.
Leaning up, she kissed me in a long tongue-driven kiss.  I
thought about where it had just been, but I didn't care.
Her lips were as smooth as silk, and her raw sexuality fired
into me through her mouth.
 
     She broke the kiss and smiled.  "I'm going to make you
both come at the same time," she said wickedly.  I looked at
her, and believed that she would.
 
     Her pussy muscles groped at me at that point, rippling
up and down with such incredible precision, it was as if she
were a machine, not a person.  My eyes must have shot wide
open, because Tony began to giggle at me.
 
     I smiled, and began thrusting into her, not wanting or
trying to hold back.  Whatever happens, happens, I told
myself.  I looked down, and realized that I had been holding
onto her breasts for balance, intuitively caressing them as
I had massaged her legs earlier.  I leaned down to replace
one hand with my lips, embracing a nipple with my lips and
tongue.
 
     The reaction was nearly immediate.  It was as if there
was a direct line from her nipple to her core, where she
squeezed me tightly with every flick of my tongue.  I sucked
her nipple, she pulled my cock tighter.  I swirled my tongue
around her areola, she began her rippling action again.  It
wasn't long before I was very close to coming.
 
     Then it happened.  I felt the sudden whoosh between my
legs and knew that I had reached the point of no return.  I
arched my back and squeezed my eyes shut.  "I'm coming!"
Tony and I shouted at exactly the same time.
 
     I didn't even have time to realize the full effect as
my come rocketed out of my body and into hers.  I looked
down and watched Lorelei's angelic lips sucking Tony's cock,
milking it into her with her hand, her other hand caressing
his balls gently.
 
     Tony had a faraway look on his face, tilted back and
absorbing the sensations concentrated around his midriff.
His body began to sway, and he began to rock back and forth.
 
     Without warning, he looked up at me.  "Can we switch?"
he asked.  It was as casual a question as asking if I had a
pen.
 
     I shrugged.  "I don't have a problem with that," I
said, looking at Lorelei.  She nodded her head with emphasis
and a beaming smile.
 
     We rotated around the bed, and I stood with my
semi-erect penis falling towards her perfect lips.  She
puckered them together, and kissed the tip playfully.  Its
reaction was comedic: it shot to attention so fast I thought
I was going to hear a whip-snap.
 
     Lorelei giggled, and then drew a deep breath.  I looked
up to see the reason why.  Tony was easing his cock slowly
inside her pussy, and I could see it slowly disappearing
into the second hole of hers for the day.  I glanced down
just in time to see her sweet mouth taking my tool in.
 
     It was a bizarre sensation.  Her tongue swirled around
the top of my shaft, curling around its sides.  That in
itself wasn't so bizarre -- after all, I've sixty- nined
before.  Instead, what was bizarre was the fact that as she
tilted her head backwards, I almost felt no resistance, no
strange angle to my cock whatsoever.  It was as if her
throat was straightening out and opening up to accept all of
me.
 
     And indeed, that's exactly what happened.  I looked
down, and if I didn't know better, I would have sworn I
could see the outline of a slight bulge in her throat where
my cock slid back and forth.  Her teeth playfully came down
at the base of my shaft, right at the fleshy connection
between cock and balls.
 
     It was then that I noticed the soft breathing
underneath me.  Her nose nudged the underside of my scrotal
sac, teasing me with slight gusts of air.  "Oh, man," I
muttered.
 
     "Told you," Tony said, grinning.  He looked like the
cat that had gotten the canary.  "I knew there was no way to
describe it, so I didn't even try."
 
     I wanted to close my eyes and absorb myself in the
sensations she was giving me, but my eyes remained glued to
Tony's rhythmic fucking style.  This was not the passionate
rush of my lovemaking moments earlier.  Instead, this was a
smooth stroke, one intended for duration.  I felt a pang of
regret, wishing that I could have lasted a little bit longer
inside that hot channel.
 
     I reached down and began stroking her nipples with each
hand, lightly pulling them.  I got a wicked smile stuck on
my face, and decided to try something.  I tweaked one
nipple, and Tony groaned.  I nearly laughed out loud.  I
tweaked the other nipple, and Tony groaned again.  I knew
without a doubt then that Lorelei had some direct trigger
between her breasts and her pussy, and decided to exploit
it.
 
     I tweaked both nipples at exactly the same time, and
Tony thrust all the way inside her, eyes wide open.
"Uunnh!" he said.
 
     At the same time, Lorelei began sucking me in earnest.
Her entire throat seemed to converge upon me at once, and my
hips began to move.  One of her hands went to the base of my
shaft to guide me so that I wouldn't choke her, but I didn't
feel as if she was inhibiting any movement.
 
     I continued to pull and caress her breasts and nipples
with my hands.  Tony's moan became long and continuous.  He
placed both hands on Lorelei's hips and began thrusting with
wild abandon.  The look on his face spoke volumes: he was
fighting a losing battle.
 
     Underneath me, Lorelei's breathing had turned into
grunts with each thrust of Tony's cock.  In turn, her grunts
vibrated against the head of my cock, which was now deeper
than it had ever been in any woman's throat.  The vibrations
echoed in her palate, and of course, through my own cock.
 
     Tony came first, his eyes squeezed shut, his lips
pulled back in an athletic grimace.  He came down from his
high slowly, still pumping away in a steady motion.  His
orgasm seemed to light hers, and she bucked against him as
furiously as she had against me.  Her low gutteral noise had
become high pitched, and her sucking took on an almost
urgent fervor.
 
     It was my turn; we all knew it.  Suddenly, I felt the
pressure to perform like I had never felt before in my life.
The orgasm which had begun to stir in my groin now slinked
away like a dog with its tail between its legs.  I tried to
relax, but couldn't.  I feared an inevitable catastrophe,
and thus began the downward spiral.
 
     Lorelei, bless her, saved me from potential disaster.
She pulled me out of her mouth, and smiled sweetly.  "Mike,"
she said.  "Please come inside me one more time."
 
     She swung around quickly, and took my cock in her hands
and guided me inside her pussy.  She never took her eyes
from mine, and suddenly I felt as right as rain.  Inside
her, I began to move and meld with her like we were made for
each other.  A gentle smile on her face told me that it was
alright.  As if to confirm this, she gave the slightest of
nods.
 
     My orgasm came rushing back with a vengeance.
Hypersensitive, I reached for her, clutching her to me.  I
felt her breath in the crook of my neck, her legs wrapped
around my torso in a tight embrace.  She cooed softly in my
ear, whispering, "That's it, let it go."
 
     Slowly, regrettably, we pulled apart.  Lorelei was all
smiles.  She stood up off the bed, and gave each of us a
deep kiss.  "Thanks, guys," she said.  "Thanks for
fulfilling every girl's fantasy."
 
     Tony reached for his clothes at the head of the bed.
"Two guys at once?"
 
     She shook her head.  "No," she said giggling.  "Nice
guys who really care about me."
 
     Tony and I looked at each other.  "I guess nice guys
don't finish last after all," I said.  Tony and Lorelei both
laughed, and I wondered momentarily if she even knew about
our previous discussion.
 
     That was a year ago.  Lorelei went downstairs that very
evening and dumped Jim flat on his ass.  Her friends told
her that she should have done it a long time ago.  Then she
did something that stunned everybody.  She started dating
me.  We've been dating ever since, and she even set up Tony
with her best friend.  We've never had a repeat performance,
but we've never ruled out the possibility either.
 
     The best part is, whenever anyone asks her why she
would date someone like me, she says with pride, "Because
he's a nice guy."

