Nice girl
by R. Mendosa

"I'm hungry for you!"

I read her words. I understand what they mean.

"I'm hungry for you!"

Why is she writing these words to me? This is a fourteen-year-old girl
writing these words. She should not be saying these things, even if I 
have had my hand in her pussy. It is not what "nice girls" are 
supposed to say. They can think it; they can even do it. But, should 
they be writing these things?

"I'm hungry for you!"

Marilyn's words are ticking me off. They make me nervous. Even though 
women have sucked the cum from my balls, I have not thought of 
marrying them for doing that. Now, this young American girl is writing
these words to me, telling me that she wants to do the same thing! She
wants to suck my cock! She wants to suck my cock like a whore! 

She had to learn these things somewhere! Has she been sucking cock? 
Maybe she's the one Peters had spoken of. "She sucks guys' cocks in 
cars," he had said. Why not? Athens wasn't too far from Peters' home 
in Indiana. Maybe Peters' friends drove down to Athens, picked Marilyn
up, and she sucked their cocks in a car? Her words are disgusting to 
me.

She is going to send me a photograph, too, she says. I don't want her 
photograph! What will I do with it? I like Japanese faces. I don't 
want an American girl. I don't want to look at her lips! Marilyn's 
lips! I can't get them out of my mind. Marilyn's tongue in my mouth. 
Marilyn's mouth sucking my tongue like a cock! American girls are 
supposed to be "nice," aren't they? What about Paul's ex-girl? She 
sucked Paul's cock and he came in her mouth and she liked it! He liked
it, too! Does Marilyn like sucking cock? I am totally confused.

I go to Tachikawa, to a place I have been before. A young looking 
woman greets me. She has Marilyn's build, 5'2, 110 pounds. But, that's
all. 

"You want short time?"

"Round-the-world," I tell her.

"Oh. Okay. You come in. Take off clothes, *dozo*."

I take my clothes off and lie down on the bed. The young woman removes
her own clothes and crawls into the bed with me. She is on her hands 
and knees, her body hovering over me, rubbing her tits, her stomach, 
her pussy and her thighs against me. She licks my shoulders; then she 
sucks my nipples. She moves her black haired head down to my stomach 
and runs her tongue into my belly button. She reams it out then 
continues her southward progress, licking my stomach, my hips and my 
thighs. She moves her head back up and sucks my balls. She sits up, on
her thighs, then she bends her over, clasps me with the fingertips of 
both her hands and begins to lick my cock head.

"Round the world," I state. "You don't lick my asshole?"

She pauses; then resumes licking at my cock stem. She has a nice 
touch. She takes my cock in one hand, cups my balls in the other, and 
takes wonderful big tongue swipes at my cock.

"I don't kiss there," she tells me between licks.

"Why not? You don't like?" I query her, wondering why I am not getting
what I thought I paid for.

"I no do," she answers. "Other girl do. Not me!"

"Oh? You're a nice girl, huh?" I ask her.

"I nice girl," she says, then bends over, back on her hands and knees,
and sucks my cock deep into her mouth, holding it there. I feel her 
mouth gulping me, her tongue working over my cock, running it 
underneath, then up to the cock hole, pulling her head up and applying
concentrated suction at the orifice. 

What the hell? Well, she doesn't lick assholes but she sucks good 
cock. That counts for something; that counts for everything.

"You're a nice cocksucker," I praise her.

She slurps noisily at my cock. She is priming me well. Thinking of 
what a "nice girl" does or doesn't do has got me flowing continuously.
The young Japanese girl is doing a good job sucking and swallowing my 
pre-orgasmic juices. It will not be long soon. 

My cock throbs; I think of Marilyn. I picture her young scrubbed face 
in my lap; her teenager lips are swallowing my cock down to my black 
curly pubic hair; she is bobbing her head up and down like a whore, 
shaking it back and forth, her soft blonde tresses brushing back and 
forth across my thighs and stomach. I give myself up to her.

I blow off in her mouth. "Oh! Marilyn!" I think, "Marilyn!"

The young Japanese woman sucks the cum from my balls.
