Archive-name: Casual/nicehotl.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: A Nice Hotel


"This water feels just right," she purred as she walked out from
behind the waterfall, "do you suppose they heat it?"

He waved a hand in front of him, setting off ripples in the pond
where he was sitting, "I would imagine so, the water here in the
pond is warm enough to not even need a swimsuit." He watched her
walking towards him, the waterfall had turned her suit almost
transparent, but it was her hazel eyes, set off by her brown hair
that captivated him.

He also knew that what she saw in him had nothing to do with his
dark hair and blue eyes. There were other features that kept her
by his side. Other features he was sure they would explore now
that they had the full evening to themselves. It had been his
idea to rent the "Tropical Room" at the SensaSuites hotel, and
the room had lived up to its billing. The main feature was the
waterfall pouring into the pool. A rock cave, dimly lit, had a
stone pedestal which hid the bed, and the occasional noises of
the jungle were piped in through hidden speakers. Not that he was
planning on studying wildlife.

She sat down beside him, and ran a hand through the hair on his
chest. He turned, and placing himself behind her, began to
massage her neck and shoulders, pausing now and again to kiss her
neck. A few minutes passed, and he could feel her muscles relax.
Smiling, he untied the bow which held the one piece up, and let
the suit fall away from her body. His hands now caressed her
back, then came around the sides to gently stroke her ample
breasts. Moving closer, his right hand began teasing her nipple
as his left hand moved across her stomach, and began massaging
her thigh.

Her back arched slightly, and his hand moved from her thigh to
massage her pussy. The outer lips parted, and he ran his palm
against her clit, stoking her inner fires.

"You think you can bring me here and then have your way with me?"
she panted, teasingly. "Well... oh that feels good... you're
right." And her legs opened even wider, allowing him to place two
fingers into her pussy as he continued to stroke her clit.

This was not a one-way street, however. As he watched the passion
rise in her, his dick rose as well. She began bucking her hips
against his hand, and he began to pull at her nipples, making
them hard. She moved faster, and he put a third finger inside the
warm tunnel of her pussy, stroking her inside and out.

She inched back against him, and her hips grinded against his
dick, still covered by his suit. He thought about fixing that,
but didn't want to interrupt the pace they had going. As if she
had read his mind, she reached her hands back, and with him
lifting up slightly, was able to pull down his suit, freeing the
long, hard dick like a jack-in-the-box.

"I ... want you... in me. I want... all of you... in me." She
gasped. He leaned back, and helped her scoot into his lap, then
he felt her hands directing his cock into her cunt. "Oh... that
feels... much better." she groaned.

Both of his hands were roughly kneading her breasts as she moved
up and down against him. She leaned forward slightly, and he
could feel her playing with his balls as her pussy grabbed at his
dick. "You're such a hot... cunt. I love to fuck... with you." He
moaned.

They were both panting and grabbing now, wrapped up in each
other. He felt the trembling of her pussy around his dick, and
knew she was starting to ride her orgasm. The shuddering of her
cunt muscles sent him over the edge, and he could feel his cock
spurting from his own orgasm.

They laid back in the pond, his back against the "shore", his
dick still inside her. Resting for a few minutes in the warmth of
each other, his fingers idly brushed her legs and stomach. He
felt her get up, and thought she was going to get dressed for
dinner. He was about to get up when he felt her hands pushing him
back down.

"You didn't think I was through already, did you?" She said,
staring into his eyes. Then she ducked under the water, and in a
moment he could feel her lips wrapping around his dick. Her head
bobbed in and out of the water, and he was surprised and pleased
to feel his cock responding to her ministrations. "Oh... I love
it when you suck me... take it all... take all of me." He
grunted.

Slowly, not losing a stroke, she moved farther and farther down
his shaft, until his balls were slapping against her. She
came off, just a bit, to allow her hand to squeeze and tug at his
balls as she continued sucking his dick. He noticed her other
hand moving between her legs as she began to stroke her pussy in
time with the movements of her head.

He moved his hips up, so that his ass was clear of the water, and
her sucking intensified. He could feel her tounge tracing the
veins in his shaft as he moved between her lips. "Ahh... I'm
going to cum... I can feel it in my balls..." he nearly screamed
as his orgasm hit him, and she continued to hold him in her
mouth, swallowing, and sucking until he was spent.

When he caught his breath, he asked her, "Can I assume we'll be
using room service tonight?"

She smiled, "Depends on what you had in mind..."

"Oh, something like this." He said, suddenly picking her out of
the water, and carrying her to the warm waterbed.

"I didn't think you went in for that macho junk." She stretched
on the bed to make sure he knew what she meant.

"Oh, every now and then those primal urges just overtake me." And
with that he began licking and sucking on her toes.

It was going to be quite an evening.

--
