Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy





A nice Jog with Daddy * ( a short jog leads to the revelation
that Dad wants his teen daughter and the feeling is more than
mutual)

	When the two of them had gotten back from their five mile jog,
they were both drenched in sweat.  Sarah's white tube-top,
soaked in sweat revealed a wet streak between her pert breasts. 

"Whew," Sarah panted as she bent over and placed her hands on
her knees.  She found herself looking right into her fathers
blue silk jogging shorts.  Suddenly she noticed his crotch start
to swell with a hard lump.  

Looking up at her father she saw that he was staring at her
strangely.

"Oh my god, daddy," she panted.  "Do I turn you on?"

"Shit," Roger gasped as he leaned over and grabbed his knees
also.  "I'm sorry about that."

"No," Sarah said as she stood up and put her hands on her hips. 
"Do you want to have sex with me?"

"Your my daughter, I..."

"JUST answer the question," Sarah stopped him.  "Do you?"

"Yes," Roger found himself saying too quickly.

"Oh my god, this is great!" Sarah exclaimed.  "I want you too."

"Really?" Roger stood up displaying his full erection through
his shorts.

"Yes," Sarah said as she pulled her tube top up and let her
sweaty breast fall out in perfect inviting form.  "Suck my
titties!"

"Yes!" her father gasped as he put his hands on his daughters
back and pushed her chest into his face.  With open mouth he
engulfed her nipples and sucked loudly.

"Oh my god!" Sarah gasped as she pulled down her sweat shorts. 
"Are you going to fuck me, daddy?"

Grabbing his daughters ass in both hands and sucking on her
tits, he panted.  "I want you so bad."

"I'm gonna fuck you so hard, daddy!  I'm gonna fuck you SO
hard!!!"

Spinning her around, Roger pushed her forward till she bent over
and grabbed the television set.  Eagerly she thrust her ass in
the air.

"Take 'em off, daddy!" Sarah begged.  "Take my shorts off and
shove your cock inside my hot pussy!!"

"Oh my god," Roger gasped as he looked at his daughters ass and
pink clit surrounded by brown pubic hair.  Tearing off her
shorts while she stepped out of them, Roger started to pull his
own shorts down.

"My god, look at that big fucking cock!!!" Sarah panted as she
stared at him over her shoulder.

"I'm going to put it in you," Roger demanded as she spread his
daughters legs and fisted his cock up between her legs.

Reaching between her own legs, Sarah spread her pussy with her
fingers and arched her back.  "Oh my god daddy, I need your big
cock in my pussy.  I'm going to fucking cum all over your big
dick!!"

"That's right," Roger said as he shoved his rod between his
daughters parted lips and started to penetrate her insides.

"OH GOD!!!!" Sarah screamed.  "FUCK my pussy, daddy!!!!  PLEASE
fuck my pussy!!!"










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....