     Naughty Nicki  

     Nicki Edwards knew she was in bad trouble when she was
caught by a prefect in the act of writing a rude message on
the wall of the girls' toilets in the school dinner hour.  A
great deal of graffiti had appeared recently and the
headmistress, Miss Hayhoe, had announced in assembly earlier
that week that any girls found to be involved in this sort of
misbehaviour in future would be 'dealt with by herself'. 
Nicki knew what that meant.

     "Look, give me a chance," she pleaded.  "I'll rub it out
straight away!  Don't report me to Miss Hayhoe!"

     But Jill Hastings was unimpressed.  "Come on Nicki!" she
said, "Leave that where it is for the moment.  We're going to
see Miss Hayhoe!"

     "But I'll get the cane!" Nicki said miserably.  "Oh,
please, give me a chance just this once!  This is the first
time I've ever written anything and I'll never do it again,
honestly!  Come on, have a heart!  Please . . ."

     Jill looked at the naughty girl.  Wearing her uniform of
blue school blazer, white blouse, red and blue tie and
knee-length pleated grey school skirt, and with her light
brown hair tied in a pretty pony-tail, the pleading fifth
former looked much younger than her sixteen years.  Nicki bit
her lower lip in trepidation and raised her large grey eyes
pleadingly to the face of the prefect.  She really didn't want
to sample another dose from the headmistress's cane.  Nicki
could clearly recall the biting sting of that vicious
punishment implement from a time she'd been sent to Miss
Hayhoe's office over two years before.  At the sudden clear
memory her hands subconsciously went to the back of her skirt.

     "That's enough, Nicki," Jill said sharply, amused despite
herself at the way Nicki was obviously anticipating a very
sore bottom.  "I'm taking you to Miss Hayhoe and that's all
there is to it!  And I think we'll take this along as
evidence!"  Stooping down the tall, elegant sixth former
picked up the marker pen Nicki had dropped in surprise at her
sudden appearance.

     "No, please!" Nicki tried for the last time.  I don't
deserve the cane for my first time, do I?  Can't you report me
to another teacher for the slipper - or even give me the
slipper yourself?  Only the cane's so awful . ."

     At Chandos School only the Headmistress was permitted
punish with the cane.  Other teachers made use of plimsolls or
slippers when they considered that physical chastisement was
called for.  Prefects were not really supposed to slipper
naughty girls, but quite often did so as an alternative to
reporting them.  Like most lively and mischievous girls in her
class Nicki had been slippered several times.  It stung for a
while but was not too bad and Nicki could shrug it off.  But a
caning was different!  She'd only been caned once, but that
had been enough - more than enough!

     Jill considered the proposal.  It might be quite
enjoyable to slipper this young lady's situpon!  She made up
her mind.  "You should have thought of that before!  Come on! 
Straight away unless you want me to report you for
disobedience as well!"

     Sullenly Nicki followed the prefect along the school
corridors.  She thought it was humiliating to have to plead
for mercy to a girl less than a year older than herself and
now to be marched by her through the school with everyone
watching.  What a cow!  She bet Jill had never had the cane. 
Probably not even the slipper.  She just hoped that one day
that superior bitch found out for herself just how much the
cane hurt, but she did not think there was much chance of it.

     When they arrived outside Miss Hayhoe's study Jill told
Nicki to wait outside while she knocked and went in.  Nicki
stood there, dismally wondering how many strokes she would
get.  It had been four last time and that had been bad enough,
but it would probably be more this time.  The last girls in
her class to be caned had got 'six of the best' apiece for
smoking.

     After a few minutes Jill opened the door and asked Nicki
to come in.  The Headmistress was sitting behind her desk and
the expression on her face did not provide any comfort to the
naughty sixteen year old.  Miss Hayhoe looked at her in
silence for a few minutes and then spoke:

     "Well, Nicola!  Jill Hastings has told me that she caught
you writing on the walls of the toilets.  Have you anything to
say?"

     "No, Miss.  I'm sorry, but that was the only time I've
ever done it, honestly!  I swear I'll never do it again!"

     "I see," said Miss Hayhoe, dryly.  Turning to Jill she
went on, "All right, Jill, you may go now.  You have done very
well and acted as I would expect one of my prefects to act.  I
will deal with this young lady!"  Jill left the study, happy
in her Headmistress's approval.

     Little Nicki was left, shifting nervously from one foot
to another before Miss Hayhoe's cold glance.  Nicki felt
awful.  It was dreadful that a girl of her age, old enough to
go to bed with her boyfriend or even to get married, should
have to stand there waiting to hear this middle aged spinster
decide how much her rear end would soon be hurting!  Miss
Hayhoe broke the silence.

     "You heard what I said in Assembly the other day, didn't
you Nicola?"

     Nicki nodded her head and mumbled "Yes, Miss" very
quietly.

     "Then you know that I have no choice other than to punish
you severely.  As you enjoy writing so much I will give you an
opportunity!  You will write out the words 'I must not write
graffiti on the school premises' 300 times.  You will hand the
lines to me before Assembly next Monday."

     Nicki was surprised.  She had never been given so many
lines before at one time.  But she would have welcomed 500
lines if it meant that her bottom would escape Miss Hayhoe's
cane!  The Headmistress continued:

     "I will confiscate this marker.  If you want it back you
can ask me for it at the end of term."

     Nicki couldn't care less about the marker!  She hoped
Miss Hayhoe had finished, but she couldn't really believe it. 
Was it possible that she might be let off with just lines and
a slippering?

     Miss Hayhoe paused and Nicki's tension reached its
height.

     "All right, Nicola, you may go now!"

     Nicki couldn't believe it.  She had got off with just
lines!

     But Miss Hayhoe had not finished yet.  "And you will
return at four o'clock, when I shall endeavour to make you
appreciate just how seriously I view your activities!"

     Poor Nicki left the office feeling as though she was
going to be sick.  Miss Hayhoe hadn't said in so many words
that she was going to be caned, but it was obvious.  It was
only canings, and then only severe canings, which took place
after school.

     Nicki made her way back to the toilets.  There she locked
herself in one of the cubicles - not the one with her graffiti
- and had a quiet cry to herself for what remained of the
dinner hour.

     Her friends were sympathetic when they heard of Nicki's
disaster, but they could do little to comfort her.

     "Oh!  Nicki!!" said Jane Elliot, her best friend.  "What
awful luck!  That Jill Hastings is a right bitch.  She got me 
a slippering from Miss Hayhoe last term."

     "It's just not fair, Jane!"  Nicki said dismally.  "You
know most of those graffiti were written by Sally and Clare. 
Even you've written more up than I have!  It's just not fair
that you all get off and I get caned!"

     Jane was quite shocked.  "Come on, Nicki," she said,
"you're not going to sneak are you?  It's just bad luck.  It
could just as easily have happened to me."

     Nicki thought that her friend would not be so casual
about a caning if it had, but she reassured her that she would
not tell on her or the other girls.

     Nicki found it very difficult to pay attention in class
that afternoon.  She was thinking about how sore her bottom
was going to be and how unfair it all was.  She tried to think
if there was any chance that she might escape uncaned. 
Perhaps Miss Hayhoe would suddenly be taken ill!  There might
be an earthquake!

     "Nicola!"

      Nicki was shaken out of her reverie by Mr Anderson's
angry voice.

     "Nicola, have you been paying attention?" asked the
History master.  "Stand up!"

     Most of Nicki's classmates knew of her impending caning
and guessed what she had been thinking about.  Nicki stood up,
blushing.

     "Well, Nicola.  What can you tell the class about Henry
VII's taxation policy?"

     Nicki remained silent.  She knew nothing about the
policy, not even if there'd been one!

     "Come on, girl!  I've been talking about it for the last
half hour!"

     Nicki looked down at the floor, but said nothing.

     "All right, Nicola.  Come out to the front of the class."

     Nicki looked round at the rest of the girls despairingly
as if someone might help her, and then reluctantly left her
place and walked to the front.  Mr Anderson made his
intentions clear by extracting a large white plimsoll from a
drawer of his desk.

     Nicki had reached the front.  "Bend down over that desk,
Nicola," ordered Mr Anderson, pointing at an empty desk in the
front of the class.  This was by no means the first time that
Mr Anderson had had occasion to apply his slipper to Nicki
Edwards' chubby posterior.  This time he intended to make sure
that the naughty and inattentive girl really got the message.

     Nicki hesitated before bending down.  She had let the
events of the past few minutes just flow over her and had
reacted like an automaton, not saying a word since she had
been roused from her private thoughts.  But now that it came
to the point she desperately didn't want to get the slipper
today of all days.

     "Please, Sir," she said in a tiny voice, "I've got to see
Miss Hayhoe at four o'clock for the cane!"

     "Oh!  I see," said the master.  "Well, that's no excuse
for inattention in my class, is it?  Get yourself down over
that desk, Nicola, or you'll be seeing Miss Hayhoe sooner than
you think!"

     Mumbling a swear word to herself Nicki bent over the
desk.

     Despite his stern words the History master did feel sorry
for poor little Nicki.  If he had known about the caning
earlier he would have let her off, but he was not prepared to
lose face now that she was standing in front of the class. 
Nevertheless he was not nearly so severe in punishing the girl
as had originally intended to be.

     He had been going to lift Nicki's skirt and slipper her
soundly over her panties, but in fact he merely brought the
plimsoll down for six moderate whacks on the seat of her light
grey school skirt.  Nicki accepted the infliction in silence,
except for an almost inaudible gasp as the last whack landed. 
She stood up when told to and walked back to her place, her
bottom feeling hot and sore.  She hoped dismally that it would
feel less tender by four o'clock!
  
     Mr Anderson did not pay any attention to Nicki for the
rest of the lesson.  Her other teachers that afternoon knew
about the impending caning and also ignored her.  Time passed
and Nicki tried to prepare herself mentally for the coming
punishment.  Suddenly the bell rang for the end of school; it
was ten to four.

     The other girls prepared to leave and burst into animated
conversation, ignoring Nicki.  Their evident pleasure at the
end of the school day made her feel worse at the thought of
what was in store for her.  Glumly she picked up her school
bag and prepared to make her way to the Headmistress's study. 
"Hard luck, Nicki!" Jane sympathised as she left."It might not
be as bad as you think."  Nicki nodded, acknowledging her
friend's good wishes, but they both knew that Miss Hayhoe was
not likely to go easy on her.

     Nicki stood outside the study door without knocking until
four o'clock.  Several pupils and teachers on their way home
gazed curiously at the miserable fifth former.  Nicki was
oblivious to their stares.  She was thinking about Miss
Hayhoe's cane!

     At exactly four o'clock the petite sixteen year old
knocked on the door.

     "Come in!" called the Headmistress.

     Any lingering hopes that Nicki might have had disappeared
at the sight of a crook handled cane, almost a yard long,
lying ready for use on the Headmistress's desk next to a large
black-covered book.  It seemed to Nicki that it was longer and
slightly thicker than the one she had felt two years
previously.  It looked wickedly painful and Nicki gulped at
the thought of what it would make her bottom feel like.  

     "Close the door, Nicola, and put your bag down" ordered
Miss Hayhoe.

     "I've been in touch with your mother this afternoon,
Nicola," the Headmistress continued, addressing the schoolgirl
standing to attention before her "and she is completely in
agreement with my proposed course of action.  We both feel
that you deserve a sharp  lesson.  Your behaviour has
deteriorated recently and this graffiti writing is just the
last straw.  You have been slippered frequently and your
conduct has not improved.  I don't think you will shrug off
the effects of another caning so casually!"

     Miss Hayhoe picked the cane up off her desk and swished
it through the air a couple of times.  It hissed like an angry
wasp, showing the terrified girl how viciously whippy it was.

     "Bring that stool into the middle of the room," Miss
Hayhoe instructed pointing at a high stool hidden in a corner
of the study.  Nervously Nicki carried the stool and put it
down where directed.

     "Now take off your blazer and your skirt and then bend
down across the stool!  You will receive eight strokes of the
cane across your panties."

     Nicki did as she was told, placing her clothes neatly on
a chair.  Drawing a deep breath she leant forward over the
stool taking a grip on the bar between its legs.  A rather
faded pair of navy-blue panties encased the girl's trembling
chubby bottom.  Miss Hayhoe noted the fading marks left by Mr
Anderson's slipper.  She nodded grimly.  This served to
confirm her in her belief that slipperings did not suffice for
this young lady and that she needed a more severe punishment.

     Miss Hayhoe lifted the cane up, behind her shoulders to
get the maximum possible swing.  She held it there for a few
seconds waiting for Nicki's tensed bottom to slightly relax. 
Then it came whipping down.

     It landed with a loud whack squarely across the flinching
bottom.  Nicki's head shot up, her ponytail flying out, and
she gave a yell of surprise and pain.  Nicki had thought that
she could remember how much the cane had hurt last time, but
this was worse, much worse.  Somehow she managed to keep hold
of the bar and to stay in position.

     She had not fully assimilated the effects of that first
stroke when Miss Hayhoe brought the second smashing down with
equal power just below it.  Once again the thin panties were
dented down deeply into the soft, yielding flesh.  And once
again Nicki screamed out at the violent sting.

     This time Miss Hayhoe paused a little longer before the
third stroke.  After just two whacks Nicola was obviously
finding it very difficult to keep still.  The Headmistress
knew that this cane was supremely painful and intended to make
sure that the naughty girl found out as well.

     She aimed the next stroke carefully, lower down where the
girl would sit.  Nicki really felt that one, she howled in
pain and burst into tears.  The legs of the stool wobbled on
the carpet as Nicki nearly unbalanced.  The fourth stroke
followed quickly and landed on almost the same place.  It was
too much for Nicki.  As she shrieked loudly at the top of her
voice her hands flew off the bar and to her sore bottom. 
Frantically she tried to rub the pain away, but it refused to
go - in fact it seemed to get worse!  She could feel the
swelling weals, rising a quarter of an inch from the
surrounding flesh.

     Miss Hayhoe allowed Nicki to dance around in an extremely
unladylike manner for a few moments and than brusquely ordered
her to bend down again over the stool.  Sobbing bitterly Nicki
begged to be let off, but it was to no avail.  The sixteen
year old had to resume her undignified position.

     "Stay still, girl!" ordered Miss Hayhoe.  But, in fact,
the Headmistress would have been very disappointed if this
naughty girl was able to stay still!

     The fifth and sixth strokes lashed down onto Nicki's
tender bottom between the two already caned areas.  The
teenager's reactions showed that these two had hurt just as
much as their predecessors.

     After Nicki had felt the sixth stroke bite deep into her
anguish filled rear, sending waves of overpowering pain to all
parts of her body, the schoolgirl tried to tense herself for
the final two strokes.

     To her surprise Miss Hayhoe tapped her on her shoulder
and told her to stand up.  Nicki felt relief.  It was all over
at last.  She must have miscounted!  She realised that Miss
Hayhoe was addressing her.

     "You have received six strokes, Nicola.  I am prepared to
believe that that is sufficient to remind you not to write
graffiti for some time to come!"

     Nicki, both hands clasped to the rear of her navy-blue
panties, and with tears falling from her pretty face to the
floor, fervently agreed.  "Oh, yes, Miss!  Oh! I'll never do
owww .  .  .  wowww do it again, honestly!  Oh .  .  .  oh . 
.  .oh!  It hurts!"

     Miss Hayhoe could not help smiling.  "It's not as simple
as that, Nicola," she said.  "Your punishment is eight strokes
of the cane.  I will let you off the last two if you will give
me the names of the other girls involved in this spate of
vandalism."

     Nicki remained silent.  She remembered what Jane had said
to her.  She was not a sneak.  Anyway her bottom was already
so sore that she felt sure another two strokes couldn't make
much difference.

     The Headmistress allowed Nicki a little while to make up
her mind.  When it was obvious that she chose to remain
obdurate Miss Hayhoe told her to resume the punishment
position once more.

     The last two strokes were the hardest of the punishment. 
Nicki found out just how wrong she had been in thinking that
her bottom couldn't hurt any more!  Miss Hayhoe directed both
strokes at the lowest part of Nicki's bottom, below the slight
protection of her panties.  It was as though her bare flesh
had been sliced open with a blunt knife.

     After the final stroke Nicki continued to lie across the
stool, crying like a new born baby.  She had never believed
that it could hurt so much.  There was no comparison at all to
her last caning.

     Miss Hayhoe put the cane down carefully on her desk.  It
had done its job well.  She turned to the sobbing girl. 
"Stand up, Nicola!" she said.

     Nicki eased her pain-wracked body upright.  Once more her
hands went - in vain - to try to comfort her raw bottom.  Miss
Hayhoe made her return the stool to its place and put her
skirt back on .

     Once clothed the still-weeping Nicki stood squirming in
pain in front of her headmistress, expecting her dismissal. 
Little did she guess that her punishment was not yet over!

     "Come with me, Nicola!" ordered Miss Hayhoe.  "You can
leave your blazer on the chair and your bag there on the
floor."

     Nicki did not have the slightest idea what was going on. 
But she obeyed instantly - eight strokes of the number one
cane on her rear had tamed the naughty girl considerably. 
Every step was agony as the weals on her blazing bottom rubbed
together.  Nicki would have walked slowly with small steps,
but Miss Hayhoe marched her quickly along the cold and
deserted school corridors, ignoring the girl's tears and
squeals of pain.

     Soon they arrived at the girls' toilets.  Mr Pearce, the
school caretaker, was waiting outside.  Nicki felt really
embarrassed at being seen by him so soon after getting the
cane.  Mr Pearce looked at the wriggling teenager with
undisguised interest.  Some of Nicki's agonised yells had
reached him and he realised that this naughty girl must have a
very sore bottom indeed.  He felt little sympathy for her,
however.  It was his job to clean off the graffiti girls like
this one daubed on the walls.  Furthermore he recognised Nicki
as one of a group of girls who had been rude to him the week
before.  He was glad that at least one of the little minxes
had got what she so richly deserved.

     "Now, Nicola," said the Headmistress, "I am leaving you
with Mr Pearce for two hours, until", she glanced at her
watch, "twenty past six.  You will spend that time wiping off
the graffiti you and your friends have written and cleaning
the toilets generally under his supervision.  And I expect you
to put some elbow grease into it!  I shall be checking with Mr
Pearce afterwards."

     "B b but, Miss!" Nicki protested, "My mother will be
worried if I'm not home!"

     "Oh no she won't, young lady," answered the Headmistress,
"I told you before that I'd spoken to her.  In fact it was her
idea that you should clean off the results of your stupid
behaviour!  And I quite agree with her!"

     Miss Hayhoe turned and walked back to her office.  There
she made a short entry in the Punishment Book and put it and
the cane away before starting on a backlog of paperwork.

     Meanwhile Mr Pearce had handed Nicki a bucket of soapy
water and a large scrubbing brush.  Gritting her teeth against
the pain still pouring out of her outraged rear, Nicki
accepted them and started to work.  There was silence, only
broken by the slushing of water, the rubbing of the brush and
Nicki's snivellings as she fought back the tears.  She worked
methodically and well, finding that attention to the
repetitive task took her mind off the sting in her nether
regions.

     Mr Pearce looked on approvingly.  It seemed that this was
one naughty girl who had learned her lesson.  When the walls
of the first cubicle had been scrubbed down Nicki left the
brush in the water and put her hands back to the seat of her
skirt, trying to assuage the still raging smart.

     The watching caretaker was amused.  "Still sore, eh?" he
observed.  "Your Miss Hayhoe don't use the stick half often
enough in my opinion, but when she does she knows how to lay
it on!  You'll be eating your tea off the mantelpiece tonight,
love!"

     Nicki ignored the remark and moved to another cubicle to
start work again.  Mr Pearce kept her hard at it and didn't
allow her a chance to rest.  She was very tired, her arms and
back ached, her bottom was still unbelievably painful, and she
was hot, hungry and thirsty - it was long past the normal time
for her tea - but the caretaker made sure she kept going.

     After nearly two hours Nicki thought she saw her chance
to get back at Mr Pearce and 'accidentally' splashed dirty
water from her bucket over him.  He just smiled and said
"That's not very clever."

     "Bastard!" mumbled Nicki, under her breath.

     It was nearly half past six before Miss Hayhoe returned.

     "Well, Mr Pearce," she asked, "has Nicola done a good
job?"

     "No, Miss.  I can't rightly say as she has!  She's been
slacking and lazy and downright rude to me!  Called me a
'bastard' she did!"

     "I see.  Well you can rest assured that she will be
repenting it before she's very much older!  Come with me
Nicola!"

     Directing a look of hatred at Mr Pearce, the sixteen year
old followed Miss Hayhoe back to her study.  There the
Headmistress's lecture flowed over her head.  She just hoped
that that vicious cane would not reappear.  It was with relief
mixed with despondency that she saw Miss Hayhoe take a large
leather slipper from the shelf behind her.

     "Skirt off again, Nicola!  And this time we'll have those
panties down as well!"  Nicki did not even attempt to argue,
she knew it would be no use.  Miss Hayhoe came round and sat
on the chair where Nicki's blazer still hung.  Nicki put her
skirt on the desk and started to carefully unpeel her tight
blue panties.  Christ Almighty her bum was sore!

     "Come on girl!  Over my knees!" ordered the Headmistress.

     Tearfully Nicki draped herself over Miss Hayhoe.  She had
had a headmistress's slippering before, always administered
bare bottom over Miss Hayhoe's knees, but never before on a
recently caned and still searing bottom.

     The Headmistress ignored the mass of weals and bruises on
Nicki's battered backside.  She slammed the slipper down with
full force for twelve stinging blows - six on each cheek. 
Nicki struggled furiously and screamed herself hoarse as she
felt the effect of those violent impacts on the exposed and
so-painful weals covering her behind.  After the twelfth whack
Miss Hayhoe pushed the punished girl off her knees.  Nicki
squirmed on the carpet, sobbing and making no effort to get
up.  Miss Hayhoe grabbed her ponytail and dragged her upright.

     "There.  Is that enough for you, Nicola?  Or do you want
some more?"

     Dancing in pain Nicki shook her head.  No more, please!

     "Get dressed then, Nicola.  And don't let me see you sent
here for punishment again!"  When Nicki was dressed Miss
Hayhoe dismissed her, reminding her to have the 300 lines
ready for Monday.
