NICOLE IN THE OFFICE
--------------------
 
 
From
 
 
"The Master Chris Collection".
 
     It was about 7 o'clock and everyone else had already gone
home for the night.  As usual, I was still at the office putting
in a 12 hour day.  Tonight, however, I had planned a special
treat.  A young girl I know only 18 years old was on her way
over.  She was not aware of what the plans for the evening were
but she knew that it was me who was going to decide, not her.
Nicole is a pretty girl, 18 years old, blond hair.  She has a
body kept trim from jazz ballet and aerobics.  I had met her
about a year before and had quickly come to know that she was
submissive.  She had only lost her virginity that year, I
discovered and was relatively inexperienced.  However, after
reading a couple of my stories, she had gotten hotter and wetter
than she had ever been in her life.  The thought of being bound
and helpless before me was a real turn on for her and I was the
only man she knew who was dominant in that way.  She arrived at
the office right on time at 7:30.  I was sitting at my desk and
she looked just like a little girl as she peered around the
corner of the door to my office.  "I'm here.", she said in a
hesitant voice.  "Come in Nicole.", I said.  She moved slowly
into the room.  She stood in front of me not knowing whether to
sit or stand and I ignored her for a moment, letting the
anticipation build.  I minute or 2 later, I stood up and walked
around my desk.  "Stand absolutely still." I said.  She did so
and I noticed her breathing quicken.  I walked around her slowly
looking carefully at her body.  She was wearing a yellow dress
that came down to just above her knees.  The dress was backless
and it was obvious that she was wearing no bra as requested.  Her
long tanned legs seemed to tremble a bit as I stood behind her
for a moment.  "Place your hands behind your head.", I said.  She
did so.  I went over to the chair in front of my desk and sat
down.  "Turn around Nicole."  She turned to face me.  Her face
was already red.  "I will require that you be completely obedient
tonight.", I said.  "Will you be a good girl?".  "Yes Sir.", she
told me.  I smiled quietly.  I didn't say anything for a moment
and I could see her getting more and more excited wondering what
I would do next.  I had instructed Nicole to wear no panties that
evening and I was about to check.  I think that standing in front
of me in just her dress in such a submissive posture made her
very nervous indeed.  I had never seen her naked and this would
be the first time.  "Come over here.", I said.  She walked over
to me with her hands still firmly clasped behind her head.  "Turn
around.", I told her and she began to turn full circle in front
of me.  When she was facing away from me I told her to stop.
This seemed to excite her even more.  Not did she not know what
was coming next but she also could not see it.  I waited again,
letting the anticipation build then I reached down and grasped
the hem of her dress.  I lifted it slowly, slowly slowly letting
her feel every inch as it crept up toward her waist.  As
instructed, she was wearing no panties.  Her smooth white
buttocks came into view.  I tucked the hem into the waistband of
her dress leaving her bottom in plain view.  "Cross your hands
behind your back.",  I said.  She did so and I tied them there
with a piece of cord.  I then stood up and pulled a straight
backed chair into the middle of the room.  "Come over here.", I
said, sitting in the chair, "You are about to get an old-
fashioned spanking.  Nicole's grew wide at the thought.  She
hesitantly shuffled over to me and bent over my lap.  I adjusted
her so that her bottom was perfectly presented for her
punishment.  "Spread your legs Nicole.", I said.   She spread her
legs about 6".  "Wider.", I said.  She gave a little whimper and
spread her legs wider apart.  I smiled.  I began to spank her and
I could hear her gasp with every stroke.  I was not hitting hard.
This was more a warm up than a punishment and it was certainly
having the desired effect.  When her bottom was a rosy pink I
stood her up again and marched her to the corner of the room.  I
stood her in the corner and made sure that her nose was pressed
right into the corner of the office.  I untied her hands and told
her to raise them above her head.  I reached down and lifted her
dress right off her in one smooth motion.  I then had her hold
her hands in front of her so her bottom would be well displayed.
I left her there for about 15 minutes while I completed some work
on my desk.  It must have seemed like 15 hours to Nicole.
Finally, I stood up and left the room.  I arranged the conference
table in the next room to be ready for her.  I attached straps to
the legs of the table and placed a jar of vaseline and a small
butt plug on the corner.  I had not brought nipple clips so I
took two paper clips from a desk and left them there as well.  I
went back into my office and took another moment to look at
Nicole.  She was breathing heavily.  Obviously the whole
experience of the spanking and of being so exposed had excited
her.  I moved up behind her and reached around to attach a
blindfold over her eyes.  She moans softly and I knew she was
turned on.  I then turned her around and took a step back.  This
was the first time I had seen her naked and I looked carefully at
her.  "Clasp your hands behind your head.", I told her again.
She did so, thus exposing herself totally to me.  She had a
beautiful body.  Her B-size breasts were firm and topped with
thick pink nipples that would be perfect for the paper clips.
Her pussy was as blond as the hair on her head and it was not
plentiful.  She didn't know it but she would not have any before
the end of the evening.  "Spread your legs.", I said.  She did so
and I reached down to stroke her pussy.  It was already soaked.
She couldn't contain a moan and when I took my hand away she
whimpered, "Please don't stop."  I smiled again.  I tied her
hands in front of her and led her from my office and down the
corridor.  She was very nervous since she couldn't see what was
happening or even if we were alone.  I led her to the conference
room and placed her beside the table.  I helped her to lay back
on the table so that her ass was just over the edge.  I quickly
tied her in position.  Her knees were bent and tied as were her
ankles so that she was spread wide apart.  Her hands were tied to
the opposite side of the table so that her breasts flattened
against her body.  I reached down and flicked at the nipples
until they were hard as a rock and she was moaning.  Now I moved
down between her legs and sat down on a chair.  I was right in
front of her soaked pussy.  "What does this feel like Nicole?", I
asked her.  She had read the first 5 stories of my series and the
position she was in was very deliberate.  Her voice was just like
a little girl's as she answered, "Like I'm at the doctor's being
examined."  I reached down to grasp the sensitive inner lips of
her pussy.  I pulled them out and wide apart until she was as
exposed as possible.  She gasped as she was spread open.  I
pulled just a little more until it must have been just a little
painful.  I watched her toes curl at the sensation.  I held her
there for a moment, letting her wonder what would happen next.  I
bent down and very, very gently blew warm air across her hard
little clit.  "Oooooo.", she moaned.  I let go and stood up.  Now
I moved back over to her side and got the paper clips.  They were
not strong enough to hurt her, but she would definitely know they
were there.  I pulled her nipples hard while I attached them.
The sensation of the clips drove her wild.  She was pulling at
her bonds and moaning constantly at the stimulation.  Now, I
moved back between her legs and took the vaseline.  "Have you
ever had your bottom penetrated Nicole?", I asked.  "No.", she
said.  "Not even by a finger?", I asked her.  "No Sir, not by
anything."  I sat down again and took a generous amount of
vaseline on my finger.  She jumped at the cool touch of it on her
pink anus and I slowly slid the lubricated finger into her.  She
was hot and very tight.  As the finger slowly filled her bottom,
I heard her moan.  I did not let the finger stop moving.  For
several minutes I slid it in and out.  Several times I added more
lubricant.  Her pussy was really soaked now and the juices from
it trickled down her crack to add to the lubrication.  Her hips
were moving up and down to the rhythm and I knew that if I kept
it up she would eventually come this way.  I removed my finger
and picked up the butt plug.  It was not a large one.  It was
about 4" long and like most butt plugs, thicker in the middle
than at either end.  It had a "T" shape at the end so as to
prevent it from disappearing inside of her.  I touched her anus
with the cool plastic and she started to moan.  "MMMmmmm, What is
it?", she asked as I introduced the plug into her slowly.  Her
whole body tightened as the thickest part of plug entered her and
then it was in.  The feeling of being held open by the plug
excited her immensely.  It was now time for her shaving.  I took
a pair of scissors and gently removed the bulk of her curly blond
hairs.  I then took a towel that had been soaking in warm water
and laid it over her pussy to soften the hairs that were left.
She gasped at the heat.  I waited a few minutes and took
advantage to play with the plug in her bottom and the clips on
her nipples.  Her hips were moving up and down from excitement
and I told her to not move.  I took the towel away and covered
her pussy in shaving cream.  Taking a Bic razor, I neatly and
quickly shaved the entire area right down to her anus.  She was
so turned on by this point that she didn't care.  When I was
finished, I reached up to remove her blindfold.  I held a mirror
between her legs and let her look at the job.  She could see her
naked pussy lips and lower down the white plastic of the butt
plug still inside of her.  Her face turned red from
embarrassment.  She closed her eyes and let her head fall back.
I smiled again, her training was proceeding perfectly.  I reached
down and slowly rubbed baby oil into her now shaven pussy lips.
I pulled them and lubricated them and made sure that every part
of her was slippery.  She was close to coming and I knew that she
deserved it.  I reached down and pulled her lips wide apart just
like I had earlier and then bent down to blow softly on her hard
little clit.  She was moaning louder and louder now and, finally,
I bent down to pull her clit into my mouth.  My tongue flicked
back and forth and she began to scream as she came.  I didn't
stop as her body pulled frantically at the ropes, I continued to
keep her coming and coming as I licked and sucked her little
clit.  A little while later, she was unbound and back in my
office standing in front of my desk.  I was sitting at my desk
just looking at her.  She was looking down submissively and I
knew that it had been a good first session.  I had her describe
the entire evening's session and tell me exactly what she had
liked and disliked.  She told me that the most exciting and the
most humiliating part had been the shaving of her pussy.  I liked
that.  She also informed me that she was surprised at herself
that she had enjoyed both being spanked and having her bottom
penetrated.  I listened to all of her comments before giving her
instructions"You are to wear no panties tonight or tomorrow.", I
said.  "Also, tomorrow before you go to school, you are to insert
the butt plug and wear it until you arrive here tomorrow
afternoon.  I will remove it for you.  You are to keep your pussy
shaved from now on Nicole.  It is a symbol that you are
submissive."  "Yes, Sir.", she said meekly.  "Alright,", I said,
you may go."  "Sir?", she said.  "Yes?"  "Thank you Sir., that
was the most exciting moment of my life."  "Good Night Nicole.",
I said as she walked out the door.
 
                                     <THE END>
 

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
This quality file was downloaded from

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³        9600: 503-775-0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s
