Archive-name: Bondage/nightown.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Night on the Town, A - (Strip Poker twist)


           Strip poker with an "interesting" twist!

And  then there was the Thursday night that Ana and I  went  out.
In  Holland (at least in our corner of it), the big nights to  go
out  are Thursday and Saturday, and nothing really happens  until
after  eleven.   Nobody  really  goes out  on  Friday  (too  busy
recovering from Thursday, I guess).  Not much gets done on Friday
mornings!  That made both Thursday and Friday a bit dull for us -
I  have  to  be at work early on Fridays, and  there  just  isn't
anything happening on Friday night!

I was about two and and a half hours late getting home  (overtime
for the fourth day in a row), but had worked a deal with my  boss
to come in late the next day to make up for it.  She was  waiting
for me at the door with a kiss and a cold beer.  "Rough day?" she
said.  "You look pretty beat."

"You  know it, honey" I said.  "This was one of those  days.   At
least tomorrow's Friday, and I don't have to be in until noon."

"I know it's been pretty hectic for you lately, and I though  you
could use a little relaxation," she said with a smile that lit up
her whole face.  "Maybe you could lie down and rest for a  while,
and then we could go out for a bite to eat and few beers."

I  sat down and put up my feet.  "Great idea, but from the  gleam
in your eyes, I don't think that I'd get much rest!"

"Only if you really want to.  I thought you might like to play  a
little cards for a while to unwind."

Teaching  Ana my own variation of the fine American art of  strip
poker  was probably one of the most rewarding things I ever  did,
and that Thursday night proved to be no exception.

Half  an hour later, I was missing only my shoes and  socks,  and
belt.  Things weren't going quite as well for Ana - she was  down
to her panties and bra.

"Shit!  That's three hands in a row I've lost!" she exclaimed  as
we compared hands.  "and I had plans for you, too!"

"Looks  like  they'll  just  have  to  wait  for  another  time."
Collecting  and  shuffling the cards, I could tell that  she  was
both excited by her situation and a bit frustrated by her failure
to win.  "Take off the bra."

"You won it, you take it off," she said defiantly.

I stood up and reached across the table, and down her back to the
clasp  at  her  back.  Unfastening it, I pulled  the  loose  ends
forward, caressing her sides as I did, and then followed  through
with  the  backs of my fingers on her  breasts. As my  fingertips
passed  her  nipples,  I  noted that she  definitely  was  a  bit
excited.

She  extended her arms forward for me, and I pulled the bra  down
her  arms  to  her  wrists - then  suddenly  twisted  the  straps
together,  pinning her hands together.  With one hand,  I  jerked
them up over her head.  The other hand returned to the  darkening
tips  of  her luscious tits.  I tweaked a bit, and she  tried  to
move her head against my body.

"That's good," she moaned.  "Please don't stop!"

I pulled the bra off of her arms and sat down, saying "you'll get
plenty of that before I'm through!"

Defiantly, again, "only if you win!"

I  dealt the next hand - and she reached over and took my  cards.
"You can play mine, your luck is just a little too good when  you
deal!"

I picked up her cards - two pair.  She drew three cards.   "Damn!
these are the same as the ones I threw away!"

"That happens.  Now you take off your panties!"

She stood, and removed them with a flourish which would have done
justice to Gypsy Rose Lee.  Pouting a bit, she said "Here.   Take
them.  I can still win, you know!"

That  was true - you see we play strip poker with  slightly  -er-
different  rules.  Just losing the clothes isn't the end  of  the
game.   Even  naked, we have something left to bet  -  ourselves.
Sometimes,  we both run out of clothes, and that can be a lot  of
fun.   Usually, we don't, and the winner gets to collect  a  very
enjoyable wager from a (usually) willing slave!

Surprisingly,  she did win the next two hands.  She eyed my  cock
through my shorts hungrily as I removed my pants.  The bulge  was
a  bit obvious, and the look on her face (to say nothing  of  the
look of her nipples) told me that she wanted it.

She dealt the next hand, and looked at me triumphantly.  "I don't
need any cards!" she said as I drew two.

She  had a full house, but so did I - and my cards  were  bigger.
Her nipples were, too, as I said "you know the rules.  Go get the
toys!"

"I'll  get you next time!" she muttered as she walked out of  the
room.

I  kicked  back, relaxed, and lit a cigarette as I  pondered  her
fate.  She returned, and put the box on the floor in front of me.

"Turn around and close your eyes!" I commanded.  "No peeking!"

As  I  rummaged  through the toys, I glanced up  and  caught  her
eyeing my selections.  "I told you not to peek!" I said.  "That's
going to cost you!"

"What  are you going to do about it?"  more defiance.  I love  it
when she gets that way, especially when she shouldn't.  She does,
too, which is why she does it.

I grabbed a leather blindfold and placed it across her eyes, then
buckled  it  carefully  over her blonde hair in  the  back.   "Be
careful." I warned.  "You didn't win, so you will do what I  tell
you or pay the penalty!"

I buckled a wide leather belt (more like a supple leather  corset
with several rings and smaller buckles on it) tightly around  her
waist.  Two more wide straps graced her thighs, right up  against
her  now-damp  puss.  I then selected  four  leather  cuffs,  and
fastened  one  to  each  wrist and ankle.   The  wrist  cuffs,  I
fastened to the ones at the thighs, and two smaller straps pinned
her  elbows to the sides of the waist belt.  I embraced her  from
behind,  and began to pay serious attention to her  stiff  little
nips.

"Ooooooooo!  Harder!" she moaned as I pinched and twisted gently.

"Be quiet!  I'll decide what I do, when, and how!"

"But  it feels sooooo good!  Don't stop!" she said, pressing  her
ass back against my crotch.

"I'll  decide what you do, too, and the first thing you're  going
to do is take off my clothes!  Now!"

It  took a while, using her teeth and tongue, to work my  t-shirt
up to my arms.  I sat down to make it easy for her to  completely
remove.   When she had finished, I stood up again,  and  suddenly
moved away from her.  "Now, the shorts!"

It  took her a minute or two to find me, and she had to get  onto
her  knees to grab the waistband to pull them down.  As  soon  as
she  had  uncovered it, she laughed greedily as her lips  made  a
beeline  for  my cock.  Pushing her head away, I said  "I  didn't
tell you to suck on me, I told you to take off my shorts!  That's
going to cost you, too!"

I didn't exactly stand still and make the job easy for her.   She
was laying on the floor with her head at my feet when she finally
had  the  shorts down to my ankles.  I stepped out of  them,  and
told  her  to stand up.  "From the time that simple job  took,  I
don't think you've earned the snack you wanted yet."  I picked up
the shorts, and looked at her.  She stood there, legs apart,  and
arms  pinned  to  her sides with her fingers  fluttering  as  she
swayed  and turned slightly trying to figure out where I was  and
what I was doing.

I  grabbed her hair and forced the shorts into her mouth  as  she
gasped in surprise.  A wide rubber strap held them in place,  the
smooth black contrasting nicely with her fair complexion and  the
brown leather of the blindfold.  A short strap, about six  inches
long, quickly materialized between her ankle cuffs.

"Now, a bit of punishment for your bad attitude," I said  matter-
of-factly.  She really began to squirm as i placed spring  clamps
on her nipples.

"Uummmmm Ummmmm Ummmmmmmmmmmmmm!" she protested.

"What's the matter?  Can't you speak either Dutch or English?"  I
asked.   I sat down on the couch and lit another  cigarette.   "I
need another beer." I suggested.  As she hobbled out of the  room
to get it, I moved the coffee table away from the couch.

I  heard  the refrigerator door close, and soon she  came  slowly
through the door with the beer in one hand and the opener in  the
other.   I opened the beer and poured into my glass, then took  a
sip as she stood there expectantly.  The clamps (and the cold air
from  the refrigerator) had had a visible effect on her  nipples.
The aureoles were very dark, and the tips looked very  sensitive.
A little attention from my fingertips and tongue, and she  almost
fell  down!  When I stopped, there were more muffled noises  from
behind the rubber strap.

I  stood up.  "I had intended to give you a little of this..."  I
said, pulling her roughly to me and pressing my cock between  her
legs.  She squirmed and tried to get me inside her, but could not
move enough.  "... but you're going to have to wait!  Maybe  that
will improve your attitude.  I snapped a thin leather strap  onto
a convenient ring at the front of her waist, then eased her  onto
the floor on her belly.

Removing the hobble from her ankle cuffs, I attached them to  the
cuffs  on  her  thighs.  I carefully pulled  the  thin  strap  up
between her legs, being very careful to place it deeply into  her
wet sex and between her ass cheeks.  From there it went through a
loop  at the back of the belt, between her elbows, and along  her
spine  to the pack of the rubber strap holding my shorts  in  her
mouth.   I  pulled it just tight enough to pull her head  back  a
bit.  As a finishing touch, I tied a leather thong to one of  her
big  toes.  I threaded it under the strap emerging  from  between
her buttocks, and then tied it to the other toe.

Now,  any  movement  of her head, legs, or feet  would  have  its
effect  on the tension of the strap between her thighs.  She  was
noticing  this, as she moved tentatively in her  bondage.   "Now,
you can do whatever you can for yourself.  Just think - it  could
have  been me in your cunt or your mouth!  If you're good  for  a
while, and lay nice and still, I may let you loose and even  fuck
you...  tomorrow  morning or so."  She moaned into  her  gag  and
began to squirm.

I looked at her ass, with her heels pressed into it.  The  cheeks
were  quivering  a bit as she explored the possibilities  of  her
position.   I  reached  over and turned on  the  television,  lit
another  cigarette, and directed my attention to my beer and  the
6:30 news.  I knew it drove her crazy when I did that.

Within  a half hour or so, Ana was moving about to the limits  of
her  position.  Her knees worked quickly apart and together,  and
her ass lifted into the air as she bent at the waist to work that
thin  crotch  strap  deeper  into  her  ass.   Her  feet   worked
convulsively  to get her toes (and their share of the  tie)  into
the  act, and it looked like she was going down on the carpet  as
she  bent her bead forward to pull the strap deeper into her  now
soaked cunt.  An incredible series of noises emerged from  behind
the gag.

As  I  watched, she convulsed abruptly as she reached  the  first
orgasm  of the evening.  She screamed into the gag as  I  reached
down  and pulled on the strap myself.  I lifted slightly and  she
helped  with her knees, then suddenly arched her back and  lifted
her legs.  I held her up as she squirmed and bucked.  Her fingers
and  toes  clenched and then spread wide, and  she  shuddered  in
another  strong orgasm.  Then, with little mewing  noises  coming
through her gag, she went limp and relaxed.

I rolled her gently over onto her back, and noticed that the  tit
clamps  were missing - she had worked them off in  her  struggles
against  the  rug.  I removed the rubber strap  from  her  sweat-
soaked face, and pulled out the thoroughly soaked pair of shorts.
I  bent  and  kissed her, and it seemed like she  was  trying  to
tongue my balls through my mouth.  I hadn't seen her this  worked
up in a long time.

"Too bad you lost at cards, dear.  Must have been some plans  you
had for me."

She  spread  her  knees  apart, and said  "Please  fuck  me  now!
Please!"

"Not  yet.  But if you're good, maybe I'll let you suck  my  cock
for a while.  Like that idea?"

"Oh, yes!"

I  laid a big throw pillow on the floor against the front of  the
couch, then worked her onto her knees, leaning her forward on the
pillow  so that her breasts just came against the front  edge  of
the  couch.  I picked up her clamps, and put them back in  place.
When she started to protest, I said "watch it, or I'll give you a
real gag, and you can just lay there and dream until it's time to
go out!"

A bit subdued, she waited until I sat in front of her and wrapped
my legs around her.  As she took me into her mouth, her  pinioned
hands  gripped my ankles like vices.  She said something past  my
cock - was it really "now I've got you!"?

She  can do things with her mouth like no other lady I ever  met.
Fast and slow, deep and shallow, now sucking and now nibbling  up
and  down the sides of my shaft.  She took her time about it.   I
reached  around to her back and found the rubber piece  with  the
crotch strap attached.  As I pulled up, not too gently, she moved
her knees apart and began to spasm again.  Suddenly, I was caught
in  the  wave,  out of control.  My legs crushed  her  belly  and
breasts  against the pillow and the front of the  leather  couch,
and  must  have  shot a quart of hot fire into  her  mouth.   She
redoubled her efforts, and crashed into another shuddering  peak.
I thought she was going to suck my balls inside out.

Spent,  I  had  to sort of pry her off of me -  she  didn't  stop
working, and (after I come), it's almost excruciatingly sensitive
(a fact that I'm sure she would have exploited if she had won the
game: she usually did).

I reached over and freed her ankles, wrists, and elbows, and laid
her  on  the  floor.  I gently massaged her arms  and  legs,  and
removed  the  blindfold.   She looked at me as if  about  to  say
something,  then  thought better of it and just smiled.   We  lay
together  and  kissed, more slowly and  passionately  this  time.
When  her  hand strayed for my crotch, I decided it was  time  to
move on.

I looked at the clock - it was about 10:30.   I helped Ana to her
feet and led her into the bedroom. She walked over to the bed and
pulled down the covers.   I said, "not yet.   We're going out for
drinks, remember?  Come with me!"

I  led  her  into the bathroom, and said "I'm  going  to  take  a
shower.   You're  going  to wait for me, then dry  me  off.   Any
bullshit, and I'll gag you with a bar of soap!  Understand?"

She  nodded, then stood quietly as I pulled her wrists up  behind
her  back,  then fastened the cuffs to a towel ring.   They  were
quickly  joined by her friend, the body strap.  "Keep  your  feet
half a meter apart."  She quickly complied, and flexed her  knees
a bit to vary the tension on the strap.  "Have fun!"

After a luxurious, hot shower, I stepped out to find Ana standing
as  I had left her.  Her eyes were closed, and she had a kind  of
dreamy look on her face.  She had managed to get the towel out of
the  ring  and was holding it in her hands.  Her  skin  glistened
from  the  steam of the shower, and the various  leather  gadgets
adorning her body were darkened from the moisture in the air  and
her sweat.  I let her loose, and she meekly toweled me dry.   She
even  combed  my hair for me, then padded quietly after me  as  I
returned to the bedroom.

"Ok..." I said.  "To keep the evening interesting, we're going to
play a game.  You are going to wear the things you have on  under
the  clothes I pick out for you.  We're going to play a bit of  a
game.   Anytime I say 'mouth', you will immediately stop  talking
and open yours, just like my pecker was in it.  Yry it.  Mouth!"

She looked at me questioningly.

"One  point.  I'm keeping track, and I have a punishment in  mind
for each point you get when you goof!  Mouth!"

Her mouth opened and her lips pursed in a perfect pantomime of  a
randy lady giving a blowjob.  "Perfect.  The next word is 'feet'.
When  I  say 'feet', you will move yours one  half  meter  apart.
Feet!"

She closed her mouth and shuffled her feet to comply.

"Two points.  I didn't tell you to close your mouth!"

"But..."

"Three.   I didn't tell you to speak, either.  You may  speak  to
others,  and otherwise act as naturally as possible, but when  we
are alone, you will speak only when spoken to.  Understand?"

She nodded.  "Four points.  I asked you a question.  Mouth!"

Again  the  eager fellatrix imitation.  She was  learning.   "The
next word is 'hands', at which you will put your wrists  together
behind your back.  Hands!"

She complied perfectly.

"Ok.   Now,  you  will hold the position until  I  tell  you  to.
There is one more word  you will have to pay attention to.  If  I
say  'down', you will get onto your knees, unzip me, and suck  my
cock  until  I  say 'stop'.  In addition,  you  will  immediately
follow any other command I give you.  Got it?"

"Yes, darling!" she said.  Can we practice those, too?"

"Five  points!   I'll give you a point anytime I  think  you  say
anything  I  feel like giving you a point for.   Now,  let's  get
dressed."

I  selected a couple of items from my dresser, and we  went  back
into  the living room.  I removed the gag holder from the  crotch
strap,  and rerouted the damp leather strap through the rings  on
the  backs of her thigh straps in the hopes that it would pull  a
bit  into her every time she took a step (or sat down).   I  then
gave  her  a pair of loose blue jeans.  Fairly  new,  they  would
press  against her as she moved without revealing what was  under
them.

As she sat and pulled on her socks and jogging shoes, I could see
her  squirm  a  bit and knew that I had the strap  in  the  right
place.  I then helped her into a special bra.

The  bra  was  a  hand-crafted masterpiece, if  Ana  did  say  so
herself.   Made  from knotted thongs (a la  macrame,  a  terribly
underestimated  hobby),  it  was  more like  a  fishnet  but  fit
perfectly.   Perfectly for the purpose, that is - it  was  (quite
deliberately)  made  almost  a  size  too  small.   Her   breasts
protruded  a bit between the thin straps - she said it made  them
very  sensitive.   It had taken a whole night to  make,  and  Ana
didn't  complain a bit about being tied to a bar stool  with  her
hands  stretched  to a ring in the ceiling during  the  all-night
"fitting"  session (but, that's another story - we made a  number
of toys that weekend).

A pair of rubber bands on her nipples completed the  arrangement.
By the time I was through, she was ready to go at it again.   She
looked quite excited as she pulled on the loose wool  fisherman's
sweater and adjusted it to cover her wrist cuffs.  As she brushed
her  hair  and fixed her make-up, she exaggerated  her  movements
enough to let me know that the coarse texture of the sweater  was
doing the job I had had in mind, too.

I  handed her the nipple clamps and a battery  powered  vibrator,
which  she placed in the pockets of her jeans.  then I stuffed  a
couple of "surprises" into my own jacket pocket.

"Mouth!   Feet!   Hands!"   She  snapped  into  position  like  a
trooper, thrusting her breasts out.  "Ok, relax.  Down!"   Again,
perfect  -  she  set what must have been an  olympic  record  for
getting  things going.  "Six points - you're already too good  at
this."

She looked up at me, never missing a stroke with her head.   "And
another  point  for the bad look makes seven.  Now put  it  away,
it's time to go!"

She  looked a bit disappointed as she carefully put my cock  back
and zipped my fly.  She stood and gave me a long, deep kiss.   "I
love you, my dear.  Lets go!"

With a "cat that ate the canary" grin, she headed for the door.

It was time to leave - about 11 pm. Ana held the door for me, and
I handed the keys to her to lock up as I went out.

She followed me out the back door.  I locked it, turned, and
kissed her.  Then, I said "down!"

"What?" she asked.

"Eight points!"

"Oh, sorry!" she said as she dropped to her knees, unzipped my
fly, and went to work.

"Yes, you are sorry" I said.  "And another point for talking
makes nine.  You'll have quite a score before we're through,
I'm afraid.  Let's go."

She zipped up my fly and we walked to the car.   She  opened
my door, and I got in and slid behind the wheel.   She  shut
my door, walked around, and got in on her side.  As soon  as
she was sitting, I reached  across her and  fastened her lap
and shoulder belts, then pulled them as tight as I could.

"Ooooooooh!" she crooned.  "What's next?"

"Another point, for starters!" I replied.  "I didn't ask you
anything!"

I took a small thong from  my pocket,  and  tied  her  wrist
cuffs to the middle of her lap belt.  Two  more  straps, and
her feet were firmly attached to the front legs of her seat.
I started the engine, and began to back into the street.

"Where are we going?" she asked, innocently.

"To your eleventh point, and a place where you will be very
quiet!" I replied. I stopped the car, and produced one last
gadget. Turning on the dome light, I showed her what I had: a
leather strap with a rubber sac on one side,  and  a tube
leading to a small ball on the other.

"Please, no... I'll be quiet!" she whined.

"That's too late, and twelve points." I said as I placed the sac
between her lips and buckled the strap at the back of her head.
I then worked the knob at the ball end of the tube, and squeezed
it several times.  Her cheeks began to bulge, and she made more
protesting noises.

"And one makes thirteen!  Just because I can't understand you
doesn't mean that you can talk!" I said.  I gave the ball
another pump or three, checked the bonds at her wrists and
ankles (and copped a feel or two in the process, which elicited
an enthusiastic "body language" response), and put the car into
gear. As I reached up to kill the light, I looked at her.  She
winked back.

Pulling into the street, I said "I think we'll drive around a
bit and see who's where tonight.  You'll enjoy the cobblestones!"

I drove around for a half hour or so, over the rough cobblestone
roads.  I took great care to make turns as abrupt as possible
without attracting the attention of the local constabulary, to
keep Ana as aware as possible of her bonds. Passing under a
street light, I noticed that she had her knees as far apart as
possible, and both hands busily fingering her crotch through the
jeans.  I couldn't hear what, if anything, she was trying to say
over the rattle of the old car, but her eyes were closed and she
seemed to be in a world of her own.

"Just wait until the ride home, after you've had a few beers!" I
said.  "The bumps and straps ought to be pretty entertaining
then!"  This time, I could hear her moans over the mechanical
noises.

We finally arrived in the vicinity of the local "strip".  I
pulled into a dark side strip and parked the car.  I killed the
motor, then let the air out of the gag.

"Ooooh, what a nice ride!" she said.

"Ooooh, what a fourteenth point!" I replied.  Don't forget
yourself!"

As I freed her wrists and ankles, I decided to throw another
element into the game.  "From now on," I began, "you keep track
of your own points.  How many do you have now?"

"Five, isn't it?"

"It was fourteen, but the ones you forgot just got doubled, so
it's twenty five now.  And if you forget again, I'll add a
hundred or so!  Understand?"

She seemed a little breathless as she said "yes, dear!"

Not a lot happened in the club.  We had a few drinks and she
managed not to look self conscious as she held her mouth in "the
position" for a few minutes at a time.  Sitting at a bar stool,
she earned a few more points (I gleefully reminded her) each
time she reached for her drink after forgetting that her hands
were supposed to be together behind her back.  As we ate, I even
caught her with her feet together under the table once or twice
when they shouldn't have been.  The way she ate her German wurst
really caught the waiter's eye.

Dancing, however, was the best.

We don't dance much, but the way she pressed against me on the
slow numbers was really something to remember.  Her nipples felt
like bullets against my chest! The way she squirmed against me
actually drew looks from the normally blase Dutch folks.

Sitting back at the table, holding her mouth open, she looked at
me as if she had something to say.  I nodded, and she asked for
permission to go to the bathroom.

"Sure." I answered.  "But there's a price.  Handing her her
purse, I said "there are three toys in here.  When you come out,
there will be a rubber band on each of your thumbs, and two of
the toys in your purse will be where they were.  The third
little toy in there will be where it belongs, too. How many
points do you have now?" I asked.

"Thirty-three, I think." she replied.

"You think?  Two more for not being sure!  Now, you'd better get
going and get back before you piss me off and I give you a
hundred or so."

She left.  A few minutes later, she returned and led me to the
dance floor.  I could see the rubber bands on her thumbs, and
when she held me close I could feel the nipple clamps through
her sweater.  I said "well, you did that so well that maybe I'll
take back a point or two."

"I doubt it," she said.  "I couldn't decide whether the other
toy belonged in front or in back.  Is that another point?"

"At least twenty.  Which makes sixty or so."

She buried her face in my shoulder, and I could feel that she
was quickly reaching critical mass again.

When the song ended, I paid our check and we walked back to the
car.

As we entered the dark street, she ducked into a doorway and
said "where should the little buzzer go?"

"Drop your pants, and I'll show you." I replied.

She lowered the jeans to her knees, and I surprised her by
saying "down!" as I entered the shadowed doorway.

She dropped to her knees (pressing her ass against the cool
brickwork behind her), and proceeded to go down on me with a
fervor matched only by her earlier work while leaning against
the couch.  Such was her enthusiasm that I blew another load
into her mouth, with enough force that she later said that she
thought it was going to come out the back of her neck.

She stood, and I told her to turn around and give me her purse.
I extracted the small vibrator, and she shuddered as I pulled
the strap out from between her cheeks.  I gave it a couple of
extra tugs, and the way her knees and legs shook told me clearly
that the strap was still directly on her clit.

Reaching around in front of her with the small tool, I said
"mouth!  Feet! Hands!".  She shuffled her feet apart as well as
she could with her pants around her ankles, and pressed her
wrists together behind her.  I placed the dildo in her mouth and
said "this is awfully dry.  If you get it wet, maybe it'll be
easier to put in."

She didn't move.  "Ok!", I said, "it's your ass!"

before I could pull it out, she had clenched her lips on it and
was tonguing it for all she was worth.  After a minute or two, I
removed it and pulled her backwards by the strap. She backed up
awkwardly, and I said "bend over!"

When she did, I slipped the thing quickly into her asshole.
before it disappeared, I turned the end to set it into motion.

"Ooooooo!" she squealed.  "No fair!"

I released my grip on the strap, which snapped back into place
between her cheeks and rammed the thing fully home. "That's at
least ten more points for arguing, and another two for talking
out of turn!" I said.  "Now, zip my fly, pull up your pants, and
let's go.  You're driving."

The ride home was much quicker.  She knew the area better than
I, and even a tourist can spot a thirty kilometer drive over
bumpy roads, especially when it ends only a few hundred meters
from home.  The short distance was fortunate, though, since she
was pretty distracted!

She parked the car, and when we got out, I said "down!" again.
This time, she didn't kneel - she squatted and squeezed her
knees against the sides of my legs as she worked.  Her hands
kneaded my ass as if she was trying to push all of me into her
mouth, instead of just my dick. Yep, she was wound up again, and
I was getting there quickly!

Back in the living room, I told her to make any change to her
attire that she wanted.  She stripped off her outer clothes, and
looked in the "toy box".  Not finding what she wanted, she
looked puzzled, then walked right up to me and reached into my
pocket.  She took out the strap with the pump gag, buckled it
around her face, and pumped it up.  She stood there, looking at
me expectantly.

"Beer."  I said.

As she went to the kitchen to fetch my brew, I removed one more
toy from the box, and another object from the mantle over the
fire place.  When she returned from the kitchen, I concealed
both objects hands behind my back.  "Build us a fire", I said,
walking into the kitchen.

I emerged from the kitchen with a paper bag in each hand.
Entering the rosy fireplace glow, I saw that Ana had turned out
the lights and was sitting on the couch lighting me a cigarette.

"Well, dear... how many penalty points have you earned?" I asked.

"Mmmmmm mmmmmm mmmmm" she mumbled, casually handing me my smoke.

"Oh." I answered.  "Did you forget?"

She nodded, eyes bright above the strap of the gag.  Her flushed
face glowed in the firelight as I placed the two bags on the
table.

"Well," I began.  "Looks like about a hundred points.  Here are
two bags - one is worth one use per point, and the other is
worth three.  Pick one."

She reached over and picked up a bag.  "That's three!" I said.
"Open the other and look at what was inside."

She picked up the other bag, and turned it upside down.  Out
fell a ping-pong paddle.  "You would have had 100 smacks with
that." I said.  "Too bad you guessed wrong."

She squirmed as she eyed the other bag.

"Since you picked the gag yourself, why don't you get yourself a
blindfold, too!"

As she buckled the blindfold around her face, I unfolded a large
plastic sheet and spread it on the floor in front of the fire
place.  I led her, deaf and dumb, to the middle of the sheet,
and helped her to lay down.  "Don't go away!" I said.  I walked
out and then tiptoed back, stood and watched her for several
minutes after I slammed the kitchen door - as soon as she
thought I wasn't watching, her hands flew to the clamps on her
nipples and the strap over her clit.  I stood and watched the
show as I sipped my beer and smoked the rest of my cigarette.

Then, I quietly selected a few pieces of rope from the box, and
silently walked around the room.  There were a few ring bolts
set inconspicuously into the baseboard, and I affixed one end of
each piece into six of them at strategically selected locations.
 Ana was oblivious to this, busily working herself into another
frenzy of arousal.

"On your belly" I shouted suddenly.  Shocked, she rolled over.
"Spread your hands and feet, as far as you can!" I commanded.
She did.

I quickly fastened her wrists, ankles, and waist belt to the
ropes.  I went around again, and made sure that each was firmly
attached, and tight enough that her movement was minimized.

"All right." I said.  Now, this is what you chose for your
punishment.  I removed a middle-sized blue candle from the
unopened bag, and held it under her face.  She sniffed, and
began to struggle against her bonds when her nose told her what
it was.  "Three 'applications' times 100 points. That's a bunch
of drops, don't you agree?"

She nodded her head as I lit it.

I held it until it was burning well, and said "here's number
one!"

She tensed and squirmed, but I, of course, did nothing. When the
expected spot of heat did not materialize, she raised her head a
bit and turned it from side to side. Then, I turned it to the
horizontal, loosing the small puddle of melted wax which had
collected under the flame onto her exposed ass cheeks.

"Mmmmmmmmm...aaaahhhhhh!" through the gag.  More squirming.

I carefully treated a few other spots - the soles of her feet,
the backs of her knees, and her shoulders - to a drop or two
each of the exciting (and surprising) heat.  I dripped a small
stream of the stuff along both sides of the strap between her
cheeks, moving the strap enough to be sure that at least some of
it got to the base of the still-buzzing power toy plugging her
now violently struggling butt.  When I slipped a finger under
the strap against her mound, merely touching her rock hard clit
set her off like a bomb.  The noise level rose to a point that I
would have believed impossible, considering the degree to which
she had inflated her gag.

I replaced the candle in the holder on the mantle, and released
her from her bonds.  "Don't move!" I demanded.

She lay as still as she could, considering.  I fetched the
pillow from the front of the couch, and told her to get up on
her knees.  She did, and I laid the large pillow on the coffee
table and covered it with the plastic.  I helped her to her
feet, led her to the table, and made her lay on the pillow.  Ss
I fastened her wrists and ankles to the legs of the large table,
she was arched backwards to the limit.

Two more short pieces of rope from the box held her waist strap
(and her waist) immobile, and her thighs spread and motionless
against the pillow.  "Enough?" i asked.

She shook her head, breathing like a marathon runner.

Two more cords, criss-crossed between her breasts, pinioned her
upper body and pulled the leather net bra even tighter against
her throbbing breasts.  Another rope held her knees wide.  The
last, from one elbow, under the table, to the other, took away
the last of the freedom for her upper body.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!" the volume of noise and lack of motion as a
few more drops of wax fell on her securely fastened body
convinced me that she was both ready and well bound.

I walked around the table to her head, lifted it, and removed
her gag.

"Aren't you afraid I'll wake the neighbors?" she asked, panting.

"I don't think there's much chance of that." I replied as I
stripped off my clothes.  I then straddled the table and lowered
my crotch against her face.

She made a valiant try to get her freed mouth on my balls, but
my ass was in the way of her forehead.  She laid her head back
as I lowered myself, and licked tentatively at my asshole.

When I reached forward and removed the clamps from her nipples,
she moaned and rammed her tongue deep into my ass. I lowered my
self a bit further.

It was probably the male equivalent of a lady playing "carnival"
(hey - sit on my face and I'll guess your weight) as I dripped
the wax onto her breasts. Simply put, she went crazy.  I was
right - the neighbors couldn't have heard a thing, the way her
lips locked around my hole.

When I slid forward and the tip of my tool was between her
breasts, the muscle tension in her limbs shook the table as she
redoubled her efforts to lick my tonsils.

I reached forward and unsnapped the crotch strap from the front
of her waist belt, and pulled the thoroughly soaked leather from
between her pussy lips. When the dribbling wax got to that
sensitive location, she went so rigid that I thought she might
be able to break the solid oak table.

When she went limp, I stood and surveyed my handiwork.  Blue wax
covered her still erect nipples, and with every (deep) breath,
the flesh of her breasts struggled through the mesh of her
macrame bra inder their waxy shell.  Sweat literally poured from
her in the reddish glow of the dying fire.  Her hair was matted
and stuck to her forehead.  I blew out the candle and replaced
the stub on the mantle.

I busied myself for the next few minutes carefully tightening
each strap and rope.  With each adjustment, her mouth worked and
her muscles twitched.  When I mounted her, it seemed like she
didn't really expect it.  Her sudden gasp as I plunged my hardon
into her spread and hot pussy was smothered by my kiss, and it
seemed that only the (as yet) unused muscles deep inside her
still had the strength to move.  My fingers stroked her flanks
from elbows to thighs. I pumped gently a bit, my weight on her
as I twisted her nipples and pushed my tongue deep into her
mouth.

The faithfully buzzing battery-powered gadget lodged in her ass
seemed to connect directly to my libido, and I clenched my arms,
legs, and lips tightly against her as I came with every bit of
strength I had.  I still don't know which one of us screamed
with delight into the mouth of the other!

Later - much later; the fire was down to the ember stage - I
gently untied her and soothed and cleaned her body with a hot
towel.  She just sighed.  I half carried her to the bedroom, and
laid her in the bed.  When I joined her, she curled up against
me and slept, dead to the world.

I awoke in a bit of a panic - Ana was gone.  It was eleven
o'clock.  I looked at the night stand, and saw that the alarm
clock was set for eleven-fifteen. She had obviously remembered
to set the clock for me before going to work, and it was time
for me to get my act together.

On the way to the door, I passed through the living room and
noticed no sign of the previous evening's activity - she must
have gotten up early to put everything away - we couldn't have
gotten to bed before four!

Then, I noticed the coffee table.  On it, in the exact spot
where Ana had seemed to reach nirvana a few hours before, were a
new blue candle, a small pile of playing cards, and a note.  I
looked at the cards: three queens and two jacks - a full house,
queens over.

I read the note - it said "je was geweldig, schat - tot mijn
buurt vanavond".

"You were wonderful, darling - until my turn tonight!" maybe
Friday wouldn't be as dull as usual after all!

                              the end
--
