	      VICTORIA, OR HOW I LEARNED TO LOVE NIGHT MUSIC

		Chapter 1: What's A Nice Girl Like You...?

   I saw her sitting at the bar.  She had full lips, set in a pretty face.
She had round cheeks, very brown eyes, and curly jet-black hair that came to
her shoulders.  There was something foreign and exotic about her face, and
the way she was sitting made her all the more attractive.  She was surrounded
by men, obviously enjoying all of the attention.  She put a cigarette in a
holder, and six flames appeared.  She selected one, but smiled at all the
gentlemen, and basked in the attention again.  I ordered my drink, looked at
the spectacle fifteen or so feet away, and shook my head.  Yeah, she was
gorgeous, but all those guys?

   I looked up from my drink, hoping to steal another look at the foreign 
beauty, but I picked the wrong time.  She was looking in my direction at the 
time, and our eyes met.  Or rather, locked.  I couldn't turn my head away,
and my feet suddenly grew roots.  I was embarrassed.  She stood up, smiled
at the crowd of guys, and walked through the crowd of shocked, would-be
suitors.  Our eyes were still locked, and there was no doubt in anyone's mind
whom she was headed for.

   She stood in front of me and smiled.  Her eyes danced, and she spoke in a 
musical, accented voice.  "Hello, I am Victoria."  She held out her hand.

   The accent had left me unsure of what to do, so I kissed it.  "I'm D-
David..." I stammered.

   "I am pleased to meet you, David.  I am -- new in this country, and I am
not familiar with American customs."  She pouted a little.  "Some of the men
make fun of me when I smoke, but I see other women smoke too?"

   "Well, cigarette holders went out of fashion in the 1920's.  It's almost 
never seen these days."

   "So I am -- how you say -- old fashion?"  She said that smiling, with a 
lovely twinkle in her eyes.  For the entire conversation, our eyes were
locked. We talked the rest of the night, standing at the bar.  Frequent
interruptions were the rule, since many of the men she had left at the bar
simply moved to where we were.  As time passed, though, one by one they gave
up, and left us alone.

   Last call sounded, and Victoria gave me a questioning look.  "What is this 
'last call'?" she queried in the voice and accent I had fallen in love with.

   "It means that the bar is closing soon, and if you want another drink, you 
have to order it now," I explained.

   "Ah.  I see.  But I do not want another drink... of wine.  May we leave?"

   "Sure.  Where's your car parked?  I'll walk you to it."

   "I..."  She paused, searching for the word.  "Rode in taxi here.  I would 
like to... spend longer with you.  You are... interesting to me."

   So we left and headed to my place across the street.  "Hey, GEEK!!!" came
a loud shout.  Victoria looked at me quizzically, but I said nothing, and we
kept walking.  Three guys ran up to us, and then blocked our way.  I
recognized them from the crowd around Victoria earlier.  They were definitely
drunk, and all _much_ bigger than I was.  "Baby, you need a REAL man, not
this geek-ass punk," one of them said.  "Yeah, I can beat him up with one
hand," another said, getting in my face.  More accurately, putting his chest
in my face.  I was beginning to feel worried.

   Victoria spoke.  This time it wasn't the light, clipped, musical tones
that I had been happily listening to all night.  "Leave us alone.  Go away."
The voice was cold, commanding, stern.  Much to my surprise, the men walked
away quietly. I looked at her with a little bit of wonder in my eyes.  She
turned to me, and I looked into those deep brown eyes.  I listened to the
sweet, musical voice that greeted me, and promptly forgot any questions I
might've had.  "Shall we continue to your place, David?"

   We arrived at my place, and she sat down with an amused expression on her 
exotic face.  "So we have selected each other this evening."  She regarded me 
with interest, while I could only look at her, dumbfounded by her
pronouncement. "Kiss me," she requested, and I happily complied.  She sighed
as we broke our embrace.  She walked into the bedroom and posed seductively
on the bed.  "Do you want me?" she asked unnecessarily.  I sat next to her
and kissed her passionately.

   "Stand up," I gently urged.  

   "Why?"

   "So I can undress you properly."  I removed her clothes slowly, paying
great attention to each new area of skin that was revealed.  I kissed,
tongued and nibbled Victoria, listening to her sigh and moan as my mouth
worked on her neck, arms, shoulders, and back.  She undressed me, kissing,
tongue probing, searching for my tonsils.  We fell on the bed, kissing
hungrily.

   I kissed my way down her body.  "What are you do-unnhhh!"  She moaned as I 
started to lap at the folds of her cunt.  My tongue rolled along her outer
lips, and Victoria's legs shook in delight.  She grabbed at my head and
pulled my face deeper into the soft, warm, wet place between her legs.
"Oh... oh... ohhh... OHHHH!!!"  Victoria's whole body shook with delight as I
stuck two fingers in her, probing for her G-spot.

   "Yes... yess... yesss... OHHHHHHHHHH!  Oh -- OH -- OHHHHHHHHHHHH -- 
HUUUUNNGGGHH!!!" she grunted.  Victoria bucked wildly as my fingers found
what they were looking for.  Her cunt gripped madly at my fingers, and a rush
of liquid hit me in the face.  She moaned and her body convulsed as if she
were being electrocuted.  "Uhhh -- uhhhh -- uhhhhh -- OOOOOO..."  I sucked on
her clit; she stiffened, her body arched high off the bed, and she moaned
loudly.  She bucked furiously, jerking like a drunken puppeteer's marionette.
I worked at leaving Victoria awash in pleasure until my neck and jaw got too
sore to continue.

   "Uh-HUUGH!  HUNGH!  NNNF!  MMMMFF!  UH-UH -- UNNNNHHHFFFFFF!" she
continued. She was still moaning and bucking, even without my stimulation.
I watched in fascination as Victoria's orgasm continued for at least five
minutes without me touching her.  Eventually, her frenzied moans became quiet
whimpers, and she wiggled slowly instead of bucking madly.  Her breathing
became more normal.  The sheets were damp with her fragrant juices.

   "I think I love you, David.  I've never had a man do that to me," she
quietly said.  "I ask you again, if you want me?"

   "Of course I do, Victoria," I whispered, kissing her ear.  My cock had
gotten hard from just listening and watching.  The smell of Victoria's
arousal didn't hurt.

   "Then you shall have me, my love," she said, spreading her legs.  I wasted
no time in burying my cock in her, and she wrapped her arms and legs around
me.  Our eyes locked again as I pumped at her.  Her pursed lips issued a
stream of grunts with each stroke, and her pussy molded itself to my cock.
I felt a very quick ejaculation coming on.

   "Victoria... I'm... I'm..." I panted, ejaculation imminent.  I remember 
seeing her open her mouth, but she didn't make any sound.  I only remember
the incredible orgasm that exploded through me.  It felt like the greatest
sex I had ever had!  I almost couldn't stand the feeling, and I really
wasn't even aware of Victoria, at least until the last drop had left my body.
My cock immediately went soft, and I remember Victoria looking at me.  She
said, "And I shall have you."  Then I passed out.


		Chapter 2: Look, The Fog Is Rolling Innn...

   I woke up the next morning feeling like shit.  I was _massively_ hung
over, and felt really weak.  I stayed in bed most of the day, dozing on and
off.  I dreamed of an exotic woman who picked me up at a bar.  I finally got
up around five, showered, dressed, and fixed dinner.  I felt a lot better
after eating.

   I wondered what I was going to do with the rest of the night; after all,
it was Saturday.  I quickly checked to see if any of my favorite bands were
playing close to home.  Unfortunately, nobody I wanted to hear was even
remotely close.  Oh, well, we can always go and drink...  "Daviiid... open
the window in your bedroom."  I blinked at the voice.  It sounded as if I
should know whose voice it was, but I live alone.

   "Pleeease ooopennn the winnndowww," the voice said again, seductively.  I
was sure that I was going crazy, and resolved to get out of the apartment and
get some fresh air.  "You must open your bedroom winndowww," were the next
words I heard, and it sounded like a great idea.  So what if it was 90
degrees outside and there wasn't a breeze to be found for 30 miles?  I opened
the window.

   A light mist seemed to fill my room.  It flowed through the screen and 
gathered in one spot.  Victoria???  She smiled.  "Hello, darling.  I am very 
happy to see you.  Kiss me?"  I walked over to her, my mind a complete blank, 
and we kissed madly, wantonly, lustfully.  Her face was blushed when we came
up for air.  "I missed you.  I want you... I neeed you," she cajoled.  Her
musical voice and accent had started the blood rushing to my cock.

   She lay on the bed waiting.  "Come.  Take my clothes off so that we may
make love.  I wish," she began, then paused.  Her voice got throaty, and
softer.  "I wish for you to do what you did to me last night.  Again,
tonight.  Now."  I undressed Victoria in less than a minute, and was out of
my clothes in fifteen seconds.  I attacked the naked woman with my mouth.

   We kissed briefly, then I moved to her breasts.  I used my fingers, teeth, 
and tongue to play with them.  Victoria gasped in surprise and joy.  I played 
with the underside of her breasts while she stroked my hair, tenderly.  I 
absolutely worshipped her tummy and belly button, eliciting squeals of
delight from her.

   My tongue slid around her knees and I nipped at her thighs lightly.
Victoria wriggled in anticipation.  She tried to bring my head to her pussy,
but I wouldn't let her, and teased her mercilessly.  After getting her good
and hot, I ran my finger around her lower lips.  "Oooohhh," she sighed,
arching her back and trying to push her cunt against my finger.  I traced
lightly around her outer lips, and watched her eyelids flutter.  The rise and
fall of her chest was irregular now; she moaned softly as I explored her
lightly.

   Without warning, I plunged my finger into her.  Victoria cried sharply, 
"Uhhhnnn!" and threw her head back.  Her body stiffened at the sudden 
stimulation.  I started to lick around her pussy while twisting and turning
my finger inside her.  Victoria's body bounced on the bed, and she yelped
with each breath.  I made slow circles around the outside of her cunt with my
tongue.  Victoria's hips rotated counter to my circles.

   "Ohhhh, ye-e-esss, darllinnnggg!  Doooooo iiiiiiiittttttt!" she moaned.  I 
stopped briefly, getting a look of confusion and desire from her.  Before she 
could speak, I flicked my tongue back and forth rapidly over her engorged
clit.  Victoria almost hit the ceiling, issuing a loud wail and some pussy
juice.  I strummed her clit with my tongue, and she sang like a 200-year old
violin.  Amplified to eleven.  "UUUNNNGGGHH!  AAAHHHH!  OHHHHHH!  HUNNFFF!
MMMFFF!! AWW-OOHHHHHHHH!!!!!"  Her last wail rose in pitch as her cunt
clenched my finger rapidly.

   I stopped to rest.  I _knew_ the neighbors had heard this, and probably
half the neighborhood, too.  Victoria continued to writhe and moan after I
stopped, as she had the night before.  When she finally came back to earth,
she looked at me with the oddest post-orgasmic expression I'd ever seen.
There was a combination of joy, love, wonder, lust, and -- hunger (???) on
her face.  "Come here.  I want to... fuck, yes?  I want to fuck you," she
said in a low, throaty voice.  Hearing Victoria's accent with the word "fuck"
was almost enough to make me come right then.  I slammed into her a little --
well, a _lot_ less tenderly than I would've liked.

   Victoria didn't even grunt with surprise.  "Yes!  Ohhh, fuck me, my
love!" she somehow managed to sigh.  Her tongue flicked like a snake's in and
around my mouth.  I grunted with each thrust.  Her pussy seemed to send
little electric shocks through my whole body via my cock.  I had never felt
this way with any other woman.  Victoria wrapped her arms and legs around me
and squeezed, making me slow my frantic pace.  My thrusts became circular,
and Victoria responded to my new motion.

   "OOOOOHHHH!!!  O-O-Uh... Aaahhhhh!  You are wonderful lover, David," she 
whispered as her hips circled with mine.  "I l-o-o-ve you..."  The emphasis
on "love" made me want to kiss her, so I did.  She was panting for breath
when we stopped kissing.  She looked into my eyes.  "David, do you want me?"
As I was still happily buried in her as far as I could go, I wondered briefly
to myself why she asked, but I said, "More than you can know."

   "I doubt that, my darling," was her response.  I felt her nuzzle my neck,
and something tickled my thr-

   I saw stars as my cock exploded inside her without any of the normal
warning signs.  My brain was cooked to mush instantly.  I was in complete
heaven as wave after wave of ejaculatory spasm coursed through my very soul.
I saw nothing but a blinding white light and my toes curled.  Every other
muscle in my body was taut, stiff as a board, and I could no longer feel
Victoria's body beneath me, but I didn't care.  I couldn't breathe, I
couldn't speak.  Ecstasy was so total that I was only faintly aware of a soft
sucking noise somewhere...


	    Chapter 3: I've Heard of Shotgun Weddings Before...

   The next morning I woke up dazed and alone.  My mind seemed to be shrouded
in fog.  There was something important in the fog, too, but I couldn't find
it.  The only thing I knew for sure was that I had had sex with somebody the
night before.  The room reeked of pussy.  I got up groggily and fixed myself
some tea.  I went out to get the Sunday morning paper, intending to read it
as I drank my tea.  After four cups of English Breakfast and half the comics,
I gave up.  I went back to bed.

   I woke up with a start.  It was almost dark outside, meaning I had been 
asleep for almost seven hours.  I sure felt a lot better, but I was sure that 
getting back to sleep and getting up Monday morning was going to be a bitch.
I brushed the fur off my teeth and fixed dinner.  I ate a _lot_, even using
the Thanksgiving definition of the word.  After dinner, I read the abandoned
paper, waiting for the after-meal "sleepies" to hit.  With all the food I had
eaten, I knew they'd hit me hard.

   They did - sort of.  Within three minutes of lying down, I was asleep.  
Instead of the heavy duty power nap I had anticipated, I slept lightly, 
fitfully, having a recurring dream of a beautiful dark-haired woman with
brown eyes.  I kept dreaming that she was everywhere I went.  She called me
by name, her arms were outstretched and she kept repeating the word "open..."

   Suddenly, I woke up.  Victoria was naked, straddling me.  My bedroom
window was open, but I didn't (still don't) remember having opened it.  My
questions went unasked, however, for Victoria settled onto my hard (don't
know how THAT happened, either) cock with a happy sigh.  She pumped at me
slowly, eyes closed, moaning softly.  Her cunt held me in its velvet vise,
and I moaned with her.

   She silently pleasured both of us.  She acted as if she were testing the 
effects of various movements astride me.  She'd bounce herself up and down
for a while, then she rolled her hips forward and back.  Victoria then rolled
her hips from side to side, then changed to a circular motion.  Her eyes were
closed throughout.  She finally settled on the sliding forward to back
movement.

   Abruptly, she leaned forward and looked deeply into my eyes.  Her hands 
pinned my arms to the bed.  I descended from nirvana long enough to realize
she wanted something.  "Of your own free will, David, do you want me?" she
softly asked.

   "Ohhh, goddd, yesss, Victoriiiiaaa!!!" I moaned.  The sensations were
intense now, and coherent thought was becoming more difficult.

   She kept talking, however.  "You can say no.  Will you have me then,
David?"

   "As much a - a - as  I - c - c - ca - cannnnn."

   "Then I happily claim you as mine, also," Victoria gently said, and my 
ejaculation let loose.  I shuddered with each spasm, arching my back way off
the bed.  I felt very light-headed.  Victoria's tongue was flicking back and
forth against my neck.  Her hair and scent filled my nose, and I was
oblivious to anything else.  I came for as long as I sensed her tongue
lapping at my neck. She finally sat up, with me still in her.  There was a
tender, loving expression on her face.

   The blood around her mouth, bright red eyes, and sharp fangs contrasted 
greatly with her facial expression.  "I love you, David."  She leaned forward 
and kissed me on the cheek.  As my consciousness fled, and my vision went
black, I thought I heard her say, "Happy wedding day, darling..."

   I called in sick to work about an hour after I was supposed to be there on 
Monday morning.  I remembered all of the last three days clearly, especially
the sight of Victoria atop me, eyes shining blood red, my blood smeared all
around her mouth.  Her fangs were long and sharp.  They were particularly
vivid in my mind's snapshot of her.  I kept the blinds closed, and worried
the whole day. The trip of it was that I felt fine, no, perfect!  Except that
I hadn't eaten all day, and my stomach's complaints became more frequent as
the day passed.

   Great.  I'm a fucking hypoglycemic vampire, I brooded.  And it won't be
dark for another three hours.  Maybe I could call for pizza and have the
delivery person...  Nahhh.  That wouldn't work.  They'd know exactly where to
look.  I pulled out my copy of Bram Stoker's book, and began to read the only
source of information that I had about my new life.

   Half an hour later, I went to the john for the first time.  Where I made a 
startling discovery.  I wasn't invisible in the mirror!  I checked my mouth -
no fangs.  Of course, there were a couple of holes in my neck, but that
didn't stop me from heading for the kitchen to cook.  Using garlic liberally,
I made a wonderful meal and attacked it, polishing my plate.  I sat back in
the chair after brushing my teeth.  My stomach was happy, I was happy, and I
was almost ready to believe that it had all been a dream.

   At least until I heard the key in the lock, and the front door opened.  
Victoria walked in, a gigantic smile on her face.  "How wonderful to see you, 
darling!  I was out in the sun all day, I could not resist!"  The musical
voice and accent were exactly as I had dreamt.  This was not a good sign.
Before I could ask any questions, Victoria kissed me deeply and passionately.
I couldn't help responding.  Her eyes, brown once again, sparkled.  "Honey,
I'm home -- is that not how you say it?" she joyfully asked.  She sat down
and looked around the apartment.  "You have so little furniture -- but it
will make moving easier," she said brightly.

   I sat in the chair next to hers'.  Moving?  I wasn't planning on...
Victoria faced me, obviously expecting me to say something.  I figured that
asking the earliest question on my mind might be a good place to start.  Any
new ones could wait.  "Excuse me, but I know your name is Victoria, and we've
had really great sex the past three nights, but exactly _who_ the fuck _are_
you?"

   Her eyes got a faraway look when I said "great sex."  Victoria nodded, 
smiling, and half to herself said, "Yes... _wonderful_ sex."  My cock
stiffened.  NOT NOW, I forced myself to think.  She came back from her
reverie a few seconds later, and in an "I'm-surprised-that-you-would-ask"
tone of voice, replied, "I am your wife.  You said you wanted me, and that
you would have me."

   I took a deep breath.  "R-i-i-ight."  This wasn't going anywhere.  "OK, so 
suppose that we are married according to some native custom of your home 
country.  That doesn't work in this country, so, we're not really married.  
Don't you see?"

   "We _are_ married, my love," she insisted gently.  I groaned inwardly.
The marriage question wasn't getting answered to my satisfaction.  Maybe I'd
better try a different one.

   "OK, we're married.  That's all fine and good.  Putting that aside, I have 
puncture wounds on my neck, and I very clearly remember you sitting on me,
with _my_ blood all over _your_ face.  So would you _please_ tell me just
what the fuck I've married, and why I'm here talking to a figment of my
imagination!!!"  Whew.  That was a lot for one breath.

   Victoria smiled sweetly.  She narrowed her eyes, and said in a husky voice, 
"If I tell you, will you -- eat my pussy?"  There was hope written all over
her lovely face.  I almost laughed out loud despite my near-hysterical mood
at the way she said "pussy."  It came out sounding like "poo-see" in her
accented English.  OK, she was cute, but I still didn't have any answers.
Victoria waited, but got no reaction from me, so she started her story.

   "I am Victoria, Countess of Carpathia, daughter of Vlad and Mina, wife to 
David.  I am half -- no, _quarter_ now, vampire.  By desiring, and accepting
me, you have freed me from the bounds of the night.  It was wonderful to walk
in sun again."  My head spun, and I was having trouble grasping the
implications of what she had just said.  My wife was about three times older
than I was, for one.

   "Uhh... er, ummmm...  About this wife business," I tentatively began.

   "It would be very bad to disclaim each other now, after exchange of vows
and blood.  We would both turn into full vampires."  I gave her a blank look.
"Like my father, in book," she finished.  Crushed hope and realization hit me
like a ton of bricks.  Victoria shifted in her chair.  "Do not worry.  I am
not bad wife.  I have much money, and I will always be pretty.  I came back
to America to find mate, break night curse.  I do not like Carpathian men,
they are... uncivilized.  Besides, they are all afraid of me, walk around
smelling like garlic."  She made a face.

   "So divorce is out of the question?" I weakly asked.

   "Unless you want to sleep in coffin, never eat food or drink anything but 
blood, yes."

   "Victoria," I began, trying to reason (with a vampire, shows how clearly I 
was thinking at the moment), "I... I... You... You just don't realize how 
difficult this is for me.  I just can't go around telling people I'm married
all of a sudden.  I mean, my family and friends won't believe this happened
so quickly.  What about my day job?  I like garlic bread.  This apartment is
really too small for two people..."  My concerns flowed freely in no
particular order.

   Victoria listened to me calmly.  "Is custom for engagement in America,
yes?"  I nodded, my complaints interrupted by her voice.  "Then we must --
date -- for while.  Then we can marry in church and live together."  I nodded
dumbly again. She pouted.  "Then I will be alone in house I bought today."

   "You did WHAT???"  I gaped at her.

   She sniffled, a tear trickling out of an eye.  "We need a place to live 
together.  You said this was too small just now.  I saw a nice house today,
so I buy it.  It would make a nice home.  But it will not be home until you
move in." The disappointment in her voice that covered the last sentence made
me feel funny.

   "Victoria, I'd make a lousy vampire.  I'm not a night person," I pleaded.

   She shook her head.  "There is no way to break vows.  You are wonderful
man, I choose you in bar right away, you accept me.  I love you."  Her face
brightened.  "I will teach you how to be vampire.  I will teach you how to
get pretty girls with fangs."  She got my attention with that one.

   I gave her a funny look.  "Sex with only me for next 500 years will get 
boring, I think.  I will -- find other men for myself, too.  We will always 
return to each other, for we are bound by our vows."  She kissed me on the
neck, and I shivered involuntarily.  "Don't be afraid," she whispered.
Victoria leaned on me and nibbled on my ear.  "Bite _me_.  On my neck.  Think
about fangs and biting."

   I did, and my mouth felt funny, like I had too many teeth.  I tentatively 
fixed my teeth on her neck and bit, gently at first, then harder as her skin 
resisted.  A warm, salty fluid filled my mouth, and Victoria sighed, "Ohhhh!"
I felt her sag against me, and as her blood flowed, it felt as if she were a
part of me.  I felt her mouth against my neck, and Victoria bit me.  My body
and soul sizzled as we drank each other's blood.  The feeling made me suck
harder, and it grew more intense in return.

   It was much more intimate, much more fun and fulfilling than normal sex
could _EVER_ be.  Yep, I'd found something exponentially better than coming.
I reluctantly stopped, because the ecstasy was making the room start to spin.
Victoria sat on my lap, kissing me lightly on the face and gently kneading my 
shoulders.  I could definitely get used to this, I decided.  "Married?  Can
you have kids?"


	      VICTORIA, OR HOW I LEARNED TO LOVE NIGHT MUSIC

		  Chapter 4: Sex And The Married Vampire

   Victoria looked at me blankly.  "I do not know.  My mother had me, but she 
was fully human, so I do not know."  She paused in thought.  "Maybe we find 
out?" she said with a smile, heading for the bedroom.  I followed, my cock
rock hard.  She said, "I like when you lie down first.  Will you -- ?"

   I was naked and on my back in seconds, and Victoria wasted no time in 
mounting me.  "Ye-e-esss, da-a-a-arrrlllinnngg," she sighed, settling onto
me.  She stroked my chest lightly as her hips began to move.  "Mmmmmm..." was
my satisfied response.  She purred as my cock moved inside her.

   Her eyes were half-closed, a dreamy expression in them.  Her lips were 
slightly parted, and a flush blossomed around her neck.  Victoria's hips slid 
forward and back, moving my cock in her buttery, soft, warm pussy.  It wasn't
as good as biting each other, but I certainly didn't want to stop.  "Ohhh...
ohh.... Oooohhh...  Soooo niiiiiice....  Huuh-Ohhhh?!!??!!"  Victoria jerked, 
and her cunt grabbed insistently at my cock.  She stopped moving and pressed
her hands into my chest.  Her eyes were closed.  Her body quivered like a
tuning fork, muscles gone taut.

   She relaxed with a long sigh, opening her eyes slowly.  They were
sparkling, deep brown pools.  Victoria smiled, and I realized that spending
500 years with her might not be a bad thing at all.  She resumed her slow,
gentle hip movements.  "Sssooooo wonn-derrr-fullll, Daaaviiid.  It has been
s-s-soooo loooonnng," she moaned.  Victoria leaned forward, rocking smoothly,
easily.  We kissed like human beings.

   "Bite me?" I whispered hopefully.

   "Nooooo.  I wannt to beee... morrrtalllll..." she purred, her breathing 
becoming irregular again.  The flush was really developing in her face.  
Victoria pumped more excitedly as another orgasm approached.  The increased 
stimulation pulled my orgasm to center stage.  I quickly forgot about
vampires. White light flashed behind my eyes, and my hips bucked.  I groaned
in release.

   Her reaction to my ejaculation was a surprised-sounding, "Ohhh!" followed
by a frenzied kiss (no fangs).  Then, her body went stiff, she threw her head
back and gasped loudly.  Victoria squeaked each time she tried to breathe.  I
felt her juices release and mix with mine.  We were suspended in time,
pleasuring each other for an eternal moment.  I don't know how long it was,
or what we did, but the next thing I remember is Victoria's body lying on top
of mine.  We were sweating and panting.  She grabbed my head and kissed me.
"Is sooo much better now.  The last time... was long ago," Victoria throatily
said.

   "The last time you came with a mortal was?" I questioned, curious about 
vampire mating habits.

   "Before you, was in 1920's."  She paused, a smile flickering across her 
gorgeous, exotic face.  "I was flapper girl doing Charleston.  But my -- 
intended husband -- he always was on top.  Not like you.  So much better than 
he."  I felt that little swell of male ego as Victoria continued, "I --
came? -- for all years in between when you suck my pussy first time.  Was
wonderrfulll..."  She reminisced and her eyes got that distracted look.  They 
fluttered, signalling that we'd talked enough.

   "Ohhhh, I lo-o-o-ove youuu..." Victoria sighed as I licked around her
thighs. Her pussy lips were swollen again, begging for more.  "S-s-suck my
pussy, my darllinnng," she cooed in the accented English that never failed to
please me. Moaning loudly, she pushed her hips forward at me, bringing my
mouth in contact with her pussy.  I eagerly made oral love to my new wife.

   Victoria continued moaning when I stuck my tongue in her cunt, running it
all around her inner lips.  She tossed her head from side to side, legs
wiggling. "Dooooo iiiiiitttt, Da-ohhh!"  Victoria twitched.  I smiled because
I'd just found one of her "sweet spots".  My tongue went to work in earnest,
and my wife was ready.  "OHHHH! -- YESSS! -- THAT'S SOOOO gooooo-oood!" she
yelped, her voice getting softer when her back arched off the bed.

   She reached for my head, but her hands wouldn't work right.  I put fingers
in her cunt.  Victoria bucked, softly crying "Uhh-uhhh!"  My lips fastened on
her clit, and I sucked slowly.  My wife hissed, then loudly sucked in air.
Her body rippled in waves.  She thrashed about on the bed, moaning
incoherently.  Her vagina contracted wildly, and cunt juice ran freely down
my hand.

   Victoria couldn't get enough air to make much noise. The end of her orgasm 
was signalled by the collapse of her arched body back onto the bed.  She lay 
still, breathing rapidly, and tears were flowing from beneath closed lids.
Her eyes fluttered open and those beautiful brown eyes held my gaze with
love.  "You are wonderful husband," she whispered, and we necked gently for a
while before going to sleep.

   I went to work the next day, but I really couldn't concentrate on the job.  
My coworkers razzed me about my obvious state of distraction.  I finally
broke down and shyly said, "I met a girl."  They did too, because Victoria
arrived to pick me up at the end of the day.  I climbed into a brand-new
luxury car, somewhat in a state of shock.  "You like?  I cannot fly during
day, so I need car.  Do you want a car, too?  I will buy you one today,
also."  She kissed me eagerly, hungrily in the car, raising a few eyebrows
from passers-by on the sidewalk.

   "Victoria, I'm really flattered, but you don't have to buy me a car, too.
I mean, you just bought one for yourself, you just bought a house, you..."
Her hungry mouth and tongue silenced me with another passionate kiss.

   "I have -- lots? -- of money.  I want to make you as happy as you make
me."  She looked at me with "puppy dog eyes".  I had never seen her use the
expression, and my will crumbled into dust.  We sat in the car while I
figured out what kind of car I wanted, then we went to a dealership.  The man
was sort of skeptical, at least until Victoria pulled out her checkbook and
asked, "How much?"  Upon arriving at my apartment, Victoria immediately
pulled me into the bedroom, where we fucked like wild rabbits.  We went out
to dinner and returned home for more sex.

   The rest of the week, Victoria would pick me up from work and take me 
shopping.  I saw our new home-to-be, but I wasn't really happy with the 
location.  She sensed something and pouted, "You are unhappy with the
house."

   "It's a little farther away from work than I had hoped, but it's a pretty 
house," I said, trying to let her know that it was OK.  I could live with the 
longer drive to work.

   "No.  We will find another home, closer.  I would do anything to make you 
happy," Victoria said.  The real estate agent who had thought the deal was 
closed was _not_ very pleased to hear that Victoria had changed her mind.
After an hour and a half of discussion between her and the agent, Victoria
ended the argument by biting the agent into agreement.

   We returned to my place for dinner.  I had naked Victoria for dessert.  I
was beginning to wonder how long I could keep this up, because her
nymphomaniacal sex drive would surely wear me down.  I had always responded
to her naked body's call, but for how long?  I mentioned it to her and hoped
she wouldn't think I was a wimp.  Victoria reassured me, explaining between
fucks, "Vampire men are _always_ ready for sex.  Is like fangs at night.  If
you want, it is there and ready."  She paused.  "And I want you to want..."
she purred seductively, rolling over and spreading her legs for my again hard
cock.  My wife sighed happily when I obliged her.  Man, I could really get
into this vampire thing...


			  Chapter 5: Vampire 101

   After work on Friday, I returned home, and fucked Victoria silly to
celebrate the end of the work week.  No shopping for us today.  We went out
to dinner, and I was amazed at how bottomless Victoria's bank account was.
What credit limit? At dinner, though, I lost my appetite halfway through the
main course.  I began to feel cold and sluggish.  Victoria noticed with
concern on her face.  We left the restaurant quickly and she drove me home.
I barely made it into the apartment before my legs gave out.

   "Vic - Vic - toria," I gasped.  Breathing seemed to be a chore now, too.  
"What's - wrong - with me?"

   She knelt next to me.  "You just need blood.  Your body is adjusting to
its new needs."  She bent over and said, "Here, bite me and take some of my
blood.  This will make you feel better."  I did, but Victoria pulled away
after a very brief time.  "You can not feed on me.  You must have _human_
blood."  I sat up, indeed feeling better.  Unfortunately, the thought of
having to bite someone worried me.

   "Does that mean that I have to..."  I paused to screw up the courage to
say it.  "Kill somebody?"

   "Only if you want to kill them.  I did not kill you.  Stay here, I will be 
back soon," Victoria said, kissing me on the cheek.  She left the apartment,
and me alone with my thoughts.  I wondered where she went.  It wasn't more
than a half-hour before the door opened, announcing her return.  Victoria was
not alone, though.  There was a young couple with her.  "Come in, please."
The man and the woman entered silently.  "Please stand and wait, I'll be with
you very soon."  My wife turned to me.  "Let me show you how it's done."

   I walked over to Victoria.  She stood next to the young woman.  "Deanna is 
her name.  I assume you'd rather bite her," Victoria said with a hint of 
amusement.  "Now, show me your fangs.  Just think about them -- that's it!"
My mouth still felt funny, like I had too many teeth, whenever I extended my
fangs, but I supposed that I'd get used to it.  I looked at the young woman.
Her eyes were open, glazed over, indicating that she wasn't seeing what was
really happening.  Victoria spoke again.  "Now put your fangs on her neck..."

   I tentatively placed my fangs on Deanna's carotid artery, but Victoria 
stopped me.  "Not there!  She'll bleed to death.  Put them on the side of the 
neck.  It is also good because the hair will cover the marks.  Now _gently_ 
bite, and you will taste her blood."  The woman moaned sensually as her life 
flowed into my mouth.  It was a fantastic sensation.  Yep, I'd found
something else exponentially better than coming.  I began to suck greedily.
My wife interrupted me by pulling me away from Deanna.  I growled, a wild
animal's growl at Victoria, angry at having been stopped.

   Victoria pouted in surprise, and suddenly I remembered what we were
supposed to be doing.  I regained my composure quickly.  "You must think, or
the blood lust will overwhelm you.  Concentrate on her heart.  Try to feel
her -- life spark.  It will tell you how close to death she is.  Drink
slowly, or you may drain her in a few draws.  Bite gently, for you can rip
her neck apart if you are too eager.  Try again."

   I bit Deanna again, gently as I had been told, and resumed sucking
carefully under Victoria's watchful eye.  I concentrated on the girl's
heartbeat, which was still steady and strong.  Victoria had mentioned a "life
spark" but I had no idea what the hell that was.  Suddenly a little light
appeared in my mind's eye. It flickered each time I sucked.  It became
noticeably dimmer after about five draws.  I stopped and let go of Deanna.
She swayed drunkenly on her feet, a blissful expression on her face.

   "See?  Deanna enjoyed your 'kiss', too.  It felt -- coming?" Victoria 
started, then stopped, stymied by the correct expression.

   "Felt like an orgasm?  Or orgasmic, something like that," I supplied.

   "It felt orgasmic," Victoria resumed, and kissed me.  Smiling, her voice 
dropped and she said, "There is fringe benefit, you know.  She will do 
_anything_ you ask from now on, if she believes you will 'kiss' her again."
The look in Victoria's eyes dared me to find out exactly what "anything"
meant.

   "Deanna, kiss me passionately," I said to the woman.  She responded by
firing her tongue into my mouth in a torrid, wet, wet, _wet_ kiss that lasted
for a while.  I was gasping for air as we broke our kiss.  I heard Victoria
snicker.  I turned to see her, eyes red, blood trickling from the corner of
her mouth.  The young man stood unsteadily.  "I was hungry too, David,"
Victoria explained.

   Deanna's kiss had given me a serious erection.  "I want my wife now, not 
Deanna," I said quietly.  Victoria snarled like a wolf and jumped me, sinking 
her fangs into my neck.  I reciprocated, and we made love as only vampires
can, sucking each other's -- blood.  We were entwined, ignorant of our
slaves.  We felt our lives, our very souls intermix.  Nothing else existed
while we were joined.

   We finally pulled away from each other, blood-red eyes shining, with
bloody mouths.  Victoria had never looked lovelier.  She growled ferally
again, and began to frantically lick the blood from around my mouth.  I
flicked my tongue around hers', savoring the taste of her skin spiced with my
blood.  I was definitely in love.  As our passion cooled, I noticed that the
mirror didn't show us.  Victoria growled, eyes still red.  "You bring out the
animal in meee."

   I blew her a kiss and pointed at the mirror.  She looked.  Turning to me,
she said, "Is temporary.  We will again reflect after blood frenzy goes
away." Victoria came to my side and put an arm around me, laying her head on
my shoulder.  "I will send our slaves away.  Oh, when you bite, tell them to
forget, or you can have troubles.  That is what happened to me in 1920's,"
she said.  Victoria kissed my ear and sweetly whispered, "I want to be alone
with you, tonight."

   After our company left, Victoria curled up on the futon and patted it.  I
sat next to my wife.  She grabbed my head and we kissed for a long time.  I
cuddled up with her.  I dozed off within a couple of minutes.  Victoria
gently shook me awake.  "Time for next vampire lesson."

   "Tomorrow?" I begged groggily.

   "Is simple lesson.  Call for Deanna in your head."  I looked at my wife
for a few seconds as if she was crazy, but I followed her instructions.
Almost immediately I heard the woman's voice.  "Yes?  I'm listening," Deanna
answered in my head.  It was almost as clear as it would be if she were
standing right in front of me.  I was wide awake now.

   "Now what do I do, Victoria?"

   "Tell her is nothing.  Tell her she will hear you later, in her dreams."  
Victoria paused and stretched out lazily.  "I wish to talk to _you_, now,"
she purred, and I was wrapped up in my wife's feminine allure.  We had great
sex, given mortal limits.  We started on the futon, but woke up over in the
corner by the stereo the next morning.

   "I can't hear Deanna.  I forgot about haunting her dreams," I complained.
"I had something a lot more important on my mind last night."  I stood up and
smiled suggestively at my wife.

   "You can not do any vampire things during the day," she replied.  "But we
can do... mortal -- things."  Victoria grabbed my arm and tried to pull me
back down to the floor.  Instead, I pulled her to her feet.  "We were
supposed to go house hunting today.  There's no food in the apartment, and I
need to do laundry.  We can _not_ spend all day having sex."  Victoria pouted
before heading for the bathroom.  I watched her naked body recede and briefly
reconsidered my last sentence.

   Victoria didn't really like the house I fell in love with.  She complained 
that there were too many big windows.  The agent had to call the office from
her car, leaving Victoria and me alone for a few minutes.  I knelt and stuck
my head under Victoria's dress.  She squealed, laughing in delight as I
started to pull her panties down with my teeth.  "David!!  Stop!!  She is
coming back!"

   "Can you imagine me doing this to you you, here, again?" I asked, my voice 
slightly muffled from under her dress.  I ran my tongue down her leg before 
standing up.  "You don't have to be afraid of sunlight anymore.  We can
always get a maid to do the windows."  I nibbled on her neck with regular
teeth.  She moaned, and I felt her tremble a little.  "You really like this
house?" she asked, reaching back to stroke my head.

   "Yes, I do," I whispered, "but you have to live here, too.  If you don't
like the house, we can look some more."

   "I will -- buy this house for us.  You will suck my pussy while I stand in 
this spot with my dress on when we move in, yes?" Victoria teased.  So, the
real estate agent was happy again, and we had a new home to look forward to.
The rest of the day was spent doing errands and laundry.  Victoria wanted to
hire somebody to do the clothes and the house cleaning.  "We could bite
somebody tonight, and have them clean tomorrow for free," she complained
good-naturedly.  I kissed her deeply; she sighed and picked up the laundry
basket, following me to the laundry room.  "For you, anything, my love.  Is
big mystery," she said.

   Victoria asked me to take her out to dinner that night.  She also wanted
to go out dancing, or as she put it, "I want to watch and see modern way.  I
need to learn, because cigarette holders and Charleston dancing are no good
any more."  She paused, thinking for a minute.  "I will also teach you more
about being a vampire tonight."  I asked her what she was going to teach me,
but she refused to elaborate.  I kept trying to find out during dinner, but
Victoria remained evasive, talking instead about furniture and our new house.

   After dinner, I took Victoria to see my favorite band.  She tugged at me 
before we got out of the car.  "To get girls, you must first make eye
contact.  Once they look, concentrate on them.  Think for them to stay where
they are, or for them to come to you.  They will come to you maybe half of
time.  They will stay where they are almost always.  Is how I got you."

   Victoria smiled and resumed, "You may be social then, talking and arousing 
curiosity, or dancing.  Then, it is a matter for the bite.  Remember, be
gentle with fangs.  Practice tonight, while I watch.  No objections, you must
learn these things."  Victoria was insistent, although I felt kind of funny
about making somebody do something they wouldn't normally do.  Ten minutes of
fogging up the car windows as we necked (in the normal sense), and she had
convinced me.  Off we went to the bar.  Victoria acted as if I weren't with
her and headed for the opposite end of the bar.

   I waited, looking around nervously.  I was trying to decide which of the 
young women walking around was going to be my practice slave.  My heart
jumped suddenly when two familiar women came in.  They were sisters, one of
whom I'd lusted after for a _long_ time.  Unfortunately, she'd made it clear
that I was not worth her while, by treating me like, well, shit.  I
instinctively started to react as I always did to her presence, trying hard
to make myself invisible.  Then I remembered that things had changed.

   I smiled evilly and relaxed at the bar, keeping track of the two sisters.  
Eventually, they joined their little group at a table, and the game was on.
I settled in at the bar, waiting for Kelly to look my way.  Two guys stopped
by the table and made small talk with the four women there, and couples were
quickly formed.  They danced and talked more.  I smiled.  Time was definitely
on my side.

   It took more than an hour, but Kelly finally looked at me.  Contact.
She'd seen me earlier, but this was the first time our eyes met.  Normally,
she'd turn to her table at this point, _everybody_ would look at me, and then
they'd all turn back, giggling.  Kelly could not turn away this time.  Her
thoughts were held by my gaze.  I walked over to her deliberately,
confidently.  I greeted the sisters.  "Hi, Kelly; Michelle."  Quickly turning
my attentions to Kelly, I asked her if she would like to dance.  "I - I - I'd
like that, yes," she haltingly replied, eyes still locked with mine.  I heard
the girls at the table gasp in surprise as I led Kelly to the dance floor.

   She was completely enthralled and danced with me for three songs.  Then a 
slow song came on.  Kelly turned to leave the dance floor.  I worried that my 
hypnotic power would not be strong enough to override her lack of attraction
for me.  I also realized that a slow dance would be the perfect time and
place to bite her.  "No... please... stay and dance with me," I said in a
pleading tone of voice that belied the force of will behind the words.

   Kelly paused.  After a brief hesitation, she turned to me and put her hand
in mine.  Our eyes locked again.  I knew that she was mine.  I drew her to me
and we danced cheek to cheek.  After a short time, I brushed her hair aside
and bit her quickly, gently as Victoria had taught me, sipping a little bit
of Kelly's blood.  "Ohhh!..." she sighed, and her dance steps faltered
briefly.  I looked into her eyes.  They were glazed, with a dreamy, adoring
quality to them.

   "Kelly, I am now your master.  You will obey me," I whispered, drawing her 
close again.

   "Yes, master," she replied.  The words reinforced the feeling of total 
control I had over her.  My cock stiffened against her body.  She was waiting 
for _my_ command!  Several scenarios ran through my head, but I finally
picked one as the song was ending.  "You will go back to your table.  I will
call you when it is time for you to come to me.  Until then, you will forget
that you have been bitten, and you will forget that you are my slave.  You
will only remember that you had a nice time dancing with me.  Do you
understand?" I whispered to her.

   "Yes, master," came the sweetest two words Kelly ever uttered to me.  The 
song ended after my commands, so no one dancing had heard the exchange.  I 
walked back to the table with her.  "Thanks for the dance.  It was... nice," 
Kelly said brightly.

   "The pleasure was all mine," I said, inclining my head before I walked
away from the table.  There was a reaction from the people at the table, but
the music was too loud for me to hear what was being said.  I saw Kelly look
away from the discussion.  She turned, looking for me.  When she saw me,
Kelly gently rubbed her neck where I had bitten her.  Her eyes got a faraway
look.  I went to the bar pretty pleased with myself.

   "You are a fast learner.  I saw you bite her."  Victoria had appeared next
to me.  I hadn't seen her approach.  She spoke quietly.  "She rubs her neck
and thinks of you.  She does not remember bite, just man and sensation."
Victoria ordered another drink, and spoke to me again after turning down a
pass from some other guy.  "If you take her home, may I -- observe?  Maybe
there is something I can learn."  Victoria walked away, eyes smoldering.  My
wife had given me an unexpected, but very welcome, request.

   I danced with several other women that night.  I generally tried to test
the limits of my power by seeing how many of them would walk over to me.  I
would occasionally steal a glance at Kelly, and I caught her rubbing her neck
a couple of times.  I didn't bite anybody else.  Near the end of the night, I
walked out of the club to get some air.  Somehow, Victoria was right behind
me.  "I will get the car.  Call your slave," my wife said, heading for the
parking lot.

   "Come to me, Kelly.  It is time.  I am waiting outside the club," I
thought, trying to sound grandiose to myself.  Immediately I heard her
respond.

   "Master, I cannot come right now.  I am dancing with someone, and it is
the middle of the song.  Please let me come to you after the song, or else
they will get suspicious."

   There was no need to make her hurry.  Kelly was correct about suspicion.
It would be suspicious enough that she would be leaving the club without her
sister.  Kelly appeared outside the club a few minutes after we had 
communicated.  She walked over to me.  "I am here, master."  Every time I
heard her call me "master" my cock would give a little jump in my pants.
Victoria drove up a few seconds later.  "Get in the car, Kelly," I gently
commanded.

   "Yes, master," she said demurely.  Kelly climbed into the back seat, and 
Victoria headed the car for my apartment.  My wife put her hand on my knee.  
Victoria said throatily, "You will make wonderful vampire."
y
