A NIGHT IN AMSTERDAM

It was a rather chilly January night in Amsterdam. My plane landed in the
late afternoon and since there were no connecting flights until next
morning, I had made plans to stay overnight.

I changed some money and then took the train from the airport to the
down-town and checked in the KLM hotel just accross the railway station. On
the way to my room a bellboy offered me a specially discounted ticket to 
"one of the local clubs", nicely loaded with anything that you may desire, 
from drugs to ladies of the night. The bellboy was kind of dissapointed
when I said "Thanks, but no thanks."

In the room, I opened the suitcase, unpacked some of my things, and then 
just lied on the bed and watched the ceiling. It was a one night stay in 
Amsterdam that I have been waiting for so long. I said to my self "This is 
it - it's now or never."

After taking a shower, I changed into some fresh clothes and even put on a
tie. Then I took out the suitcase the pantyhose that I have bought for the
occasion. They were black, very sheer, with reinforced toes and control top.
For a second I thought of putting them on, underneath my slacks, but
because of a risk of getting overexcited I abandoned the idea, and instead
rolled them up and slipped them into my pocket. 

Without much sense of direction, I left the hotel and walked back towards
the railway station. A couple of guys walking in front of me, were joking
about hitting on the red light district, so I simply decided to follow
them. After crossing a nearby canal, I was pleasantly surprised to notice,
that we were already there.

There were several streets along the canals, full of two-story houese with
lit windows. Just walking by those windows was a treat: behind each of them
there was one or more "ladies of the night" smiling invitingly at potential
customers. Most of them were wearing just lingerie, or at most some type of
a see-through nighty. There were also a couple of ladies putting on their
stockings in the full view of the window.

I had a whole night, so I did not want to rush it. I made a couple of
rounds up and down the canals, again and again looking for the woman, that
is going to fulfill my dream: me wearing pantyhose when making love to her.
Never before I had the courage to ask any of my girlfriends to fulfill that
dream. It was a fear of rejection, a fear of humiliation, but now
everything seemed so easy. You pay $50, do your thing and perhaps even have
a feeling you are respected for your small perversion.

The ladies were of all possible rases and types, from African to European
and Asian, from dark to blond, which made the choise that much harder.
After much contemplation, I finally knocked on a window of a beautiful 
Asian lady who was wearing nothing but black fishnet stockings and black
panties. She had very dark hair, beautiful smile and even more beautiful 
body. I found out later she was from Laos.

She opened the door and after I entered she drew the curtain behind us. She
told me we can do whatever I want. To her great surprise, I pulled out
the pantyhose and told her that I want to put them on. She did not quite
understand, what I meant, so she thought she was supposed to wear them.
Then we both laughed as I said: "No, _I_ want to wear them."

The room was very small, with just a bed and a table. I sat on the bed and
undressed while Nok was stretching out the pantyhose, trying to figure out
which is the front. Then she kneeled at my feet and rolled the black
pantyhose up my legs. The pantyhose were new so they were getting their
first stretch. For a second I was almost afraid they will be too small, but
Nok skillfully pulled them all the way to my thighs and then past my hips.
Then she ran her cold fingers up my legs and all the way to my excited
balls and penis, encased in black nylon. I was ready to come right there,
and when she saw that, shew released the grip and asked playfully "Do you
want to fuck me?"

She did not even wait for the asnwer, but instead rolled down the pantyhose
and then put a condom on my throbing member. Then she climbed onto the bed,
pulled down her black panties and spread her stockinged legs. From all the
excitement I had a hard time rolling myself on the top of her and then
tried to get myself inside her. Then I again felt her cold fingers on my 
penis guiding it into her womanhood, until it was all the way in.

I felt such a strong gratitude towards this woman whom I did not even know
an hour ago, and who was doing all the right moves. It therefore came as a 
chilly remainder, where I am and with who I am, when she said "Don't kiss 
me darling - I am working". That is what you get paying for a woman ...

"Well," I said to myself, "I might at least make it last longer if I am
already paying for it." When I pushed my penis in and out of her I was
trying to keep my thought on something else, just not to come too quickly.
That was kind of hard, specially because of a large mirror next to the bed,
where I could see this beautiful woman, wearing nothing but fishnet
stockings, her legs wrapped around my body, and myself wearing nothing but 
dark pantyhose, making love like an animal. 

Nok was rubbing her legs against mine, creating the most incredible
sensation of nylon rubbing against nylon. I was resisting quite well, but 
when I felt Nok's cold fingers reaching for the waistband of the pantyhose 
and then pulling the pantyhose past my ass and up to my hips, with me still
inside her, I just could not hold back anymore. I screamed "I am coming,"
and with that shot the biggest load in my life.

The next thing I knew, I wanted to get rid of the pantyhose and get the hell
out of that place. Nok hold up the pantyhose and asked "Can I keep them?" I
wondered for a second and then said "Sure." I gave her a big tip, opened
the door, and was welcomed by the cold Amsterdam air.
