Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy

A good build up and a nice release.  Overall it has a lot of good qualities
but it's still not what I aspire to write someday....

Ladies Night Out
(Mother/Son incest)

Strip Poker

	Nancy threw in her cards and scoffed, "I told you this wasn't fair.  I
don't even know how to play this game!"
	All the other women laughed at Nancy.  She was always the first to
complain about things.
	"Just shut up and take it off," Drew demanded.  "There's no backing out! 
We all promised."
	"I don't even see what's the use playing strip poker without any guys
around anyway," Nancy fumed as she unbuttoned her blouse and prepared to
pay up.
	"Kara's son is downstairs, we could always get him to join us," Monica
laughed.
	"Could you just imagine the look on his face?" Drew exploded with ruckus
laughter.  "A bunch of old ladies sitting around in the nude.  Oh my God,
he'd probably run out screaming!"
	"We're hardly old," Nancy argued as she pulled off her blouse and tossed
it to the floor.  She was still wearing a conservative white bra and felt
fairly secure among her friends.  
	"If he wasn't so young, and if he wasn't your son of course, I'd certainly
want to see HIM naked," Drew admitted.
	"You're sick!" Nancy snapped.  "He's a teenager!"
	"Ya, but he's a football player too," Drew smiled.  "Have you seen his
muscles?"
Kara looked down at the table and said nothing as the girls joked about her
son.
	"He'd probably scream if he saw his mother naked," Monica changed the
subject, afraid they had offended her.  "I know I would.
	"So would my son if he saw me," Drew added.  
	"Same here," Nancy added.
	"I'm sure it's mutual," Monica agreed.  "It's only natural."
	"What if he didn't?" Drew asked.
	Monica folded her cards, "What do you mean?"
	"What if your son saw you naked and didn't run away?" Drew asked.  "What
if he just stared at you?"
	"Yucky!" Nancy crinkled her nose.  "You mean like if he was turned on by
it?"
	"Oh you're sick Drew," Monica pushed her friend away.  "Get away from me."
	"No, what would you do?" Drew insisted.  "Imagine your son sees you
getting out of the shower or something and stands there watching you.  What
would you do?"
	"I know what I'd do," Nancy said.  "I'd beat his butt and ground him for
the rest of his life.
	"But your son's only 13," Monica argued.  "You can still spank YOUR son. 
Ours are all teenagers and they're a little too big to spank.  I'd kick him
out of the house, that's what I would do."
	"What about you Kara?" Drew asked.  "What would you do?"
	"I don't know," Kara picked up her glass of vodka nervously and took a
deep swig.
	"What do you mean you don't know?" Monica demanded.  "We all gave answers,
now it's your turn."
	"I guess I'd kick him out too," Kara said looking into her drink
reflectively.  "What else could I do?"
	"What would you do?" Nancy asked of Drew.  "This was your question in the
first place."
	"I'd let him look," Drew said defiantly as if she expected to get
arguments.
	"Oh that's it!  You really are sick!" Monica laughed.  
	"NOW we know what's going on in Drew's house when we're not around," Nancy
rolled her eyes.
	"No, no," Drew defended herself.  "I'm just saying that if he thinks he
want's to look, I'd let him look.  Then when he's done he'll feel so stupid
he'll never do it again."
	"Good philosophy," Monica said sarcastically.  "And I suppose if he wanted
to screw you you'd let him so when he was done he'd feel guilty."
	"He'd feel guilty, but Drew wouldn't," Nancy added with a snort.
	"You guys have me all wrong," Drew fumed.  "Let's just drop the subject
and finish playing cards."


	And that's how our story all begins.  


Helping Friends

	Drew made sure that Monica and Nancy left before she did so she would have
a chance to talk to her best friend alone.
	"What's the matter Kara?" Drew asked as the other girls pulled out of the
driveway.
	"Nothing," Kara said as she began cleaning up the place before her husband
got home.
	"You've been quiet all evening," Drew said as she helped her friend pick
up dishes and cards.
	"Oh I'm just not feeling well I guess," Kara smiled weakly.
	"I know you better than that," Drew argued.  "Did I offend you by talking
about your son like that?"
	"NO!" Kara snapped reflexively.  "I mean no.  Not at all.  I just don't
feel well."
	"Don't lie to me," Drew took her friend by the arm.  "This is about your
son isn't it?"
	Kara looked her friend in the eyes as if to plead with her to drop the
subject but Drew continued to hold on.
	"Oh Drew," Kara began to cry, tears streaming down her face.  "I'm so
ashamed."
	"About what?" Drew asked as she hugged her friend and held her tightly. 
"Come on, you can tell me anything."
	"I can't," Kara sobbed.  "I just can't tell you."
	"Come on," Drew led her friend to the couch.  "Let's sit down and you can
tell me everything.  I swear your secret is safe with me."
	Kara let Drew lead her to the couch and the two of them sat side by side
as Kara sniffled and tried to regain her composure.
	"Now what is it?" Drew asked.  "About your son."
	"Oh Drew I'm so embarrassed," Kara looked away.  "You wouldn't
understand."
	"I think I'll understand more than you think," Drew said softly.  "Tell
me."
	"I've thought about…" Kara started.  "Oh this is just too embarrassing!"
	"No it's not," Drew demanded.  "I won't think any less of you. I swear!"
	"I've thought about…" Kara looked away at the wall.  "I've thought about
having sex with my son before."
	"Oh my God, is that all?" Drew laughed.  "I think every mother thinks
about it at one time or another in their life.  Even if they wont admit it
like Monica and Nancy."
	"Yes but…" Kara stopped herself.
	"What?" Drew asked.  "Tell me."
	"I still think about it," Kara said looking at her friend for the first
time.  "A lot.  Too much."
	"Wow," Drew said.
	"See! I told you it was bad!"
	"Have you tried….I mean have you told him anything?" Drew asked.
	"Hell no!" Kara gasped.  "He'd probably beat me senseless and hate me
forever."
	"But what if he felt the same way?" Drew asked.
	"Oh Drew don't talk like that," Kara insisted.  "I couldn't handle it if
anything happened between us.  I'd feel guilty forever, my husband would
leave me…it would just be a mess."
	"If your husband left you would it be such a bad thing?" Drew argued.  "I
mean if your son stayed?"
	"Drew don't think I haven't thought about that!  I've fantasized many
times that Jason would be my lover for the rest of my life.  But it can't
happen and I've got to stop thinking about it.  HELP ME!"
	Drew thought for a moment and then smiled, "I will help you.  But only if
you return the favor."
	"Anything!" Kara said.  "If you get me over this I will help you with
anything I can."
	"All right," Drew said.  "But you have to trust me and do exactly what I
tell you."
	"Ok," Kara smiled.
	"Now, when does your husband get home?" Drew asked.
	"In about an hour," Kara said.
	"Damn, that doesn't give me much time.  Ok, call your husband and tell him
you're staying the night at my place.  Do whatever you have to, get in a
fight whatever…"
	"But…" Kara argued.
	"You promised to do what I said.  Now do it!  In the meantime I'm going
downstairs to have a talk with Jason."
	"What about??" Kara pleaded.
	"Just make sure you husband knows you won't be home when he gets here and
I'll come get you before he gets home.
	With that Drew opened the door to the basement and closed the door behind
her as she went downstairs.
	Drew could hear the sound of grunting coming from the other room and she
wondered if she might be catching him at a bad time.
	"Jason?" she called out.
	"Ya?" she heard his strong masculine voice.  "Come on in."
	Drew opened the door to find Jason laying on a weight bench lifting a
barbell full of weights.
	She could see his corded muscles covered in a thin sheen of sweat as he
worked out in his muscle tee.  Drew's eyes uncontrollably drifted to the
young teens crotch were she saw a large mound of soft meat packaged away in
his shorts.
	"Lucky girl," Drew mumbled to herself.
	"What?" Jason said as he lifted up his barbell and set it on the rack, "Oh
Drew, hi.  I thought you were mom."
	"Actually I came down here to talk to you about your mother," Drew said as
she took a seat on a chair nearby and watched the young muscular teen sit
up on the bench.
	"What's wrong?" Jason asked genuinely worried.
	"Oh nothing really," Drew said.  "Relax.  It's nothing that can't be
worked out if you want."
	"Where is she?"
	"She's upstairs," Drew said.  "Can we talk?"
	"You're mother is a very beautiful woman," Drew started.
	"She sure is," Jason smiled.  "It's where I get my good looks."
	"I'm sure that's true," Drew smiled.  "Unfortunately your mother has
needs.  Needs that are being fulfilled."
	"Needs for what?" Jason asked quizzically.
	"What do you think about your father?" Drew interrupted."
	"He's ok, I guess," Jason shrugged.  "We don't get along much though."
	"Why's that?" Drew asked.
	"He's always grumpy you know," Jason wiped the sweat from his forehead. 
"Says I spend too much time with mom.  He's always calling me a momma's
boy.  I hate that!"
	"I see," Drew grinned.  "Does that make you want to spend less time with
your mother?"
	"Hell no!" Jason argued.  "Mom and I have a great relationship.  She
understands me.  Not like dad.  He doesn't even know what classes I'm
taking this semester."
	"That's too bad," Drew frowned.  "But that brings up my point.  Your
father isn't paying enough attention - to either of you.  You're mother
needs more than that.  More attention."
	"Are they getting an divorce?" Jason asked shocked.
	"No," Drew corrected him.  "At least not yet.  But if your mother's needs
don't get fulfilled she might have to leave him."
	"Well I can't say my father wouldn't deserve it," Jason frowned.  "Like
you said, mom is a beautiful woman.  She could have any guy she wanted."
	"You're probably right," Drew said. "But we'll see about that."
	"What do you mean?" Jason asked.
	"What if I told you your mother already wants another man?" Drew said. 
"You know just hypothetically."
	"Man that's tough," Jason said.  "I don't want my parents to get divorced,
but if she's not happy."
	"What if I told you that this guy is the only guy in the world who COULD
make your mother happy," Drew said.
	"If she's not happy with dad and someone else could make her happy, I'd
have to say I'd rather see her happy I guess."
	"Now what if I told you that this guy doesn't have a clue that your mother
wants him," Drew said.  "And even more, your mother thinks he would never
think about being with her."
	"The guy would have to be an idiot not to think about my mom!" Jason
laughed.
	"I know, but that's the way it is," Drew frowned.  "You're mother knows
she can only truly be happy with one man in the whole world but she knows
he will never have her."
	"Who is he?  Why wouldn't he have her?" Jason asked.
	"That's besides the point," Drew said.  "Now listen carefully.  What if I
told you that the reason she could not have him is because of you.  And, if
you did the right thing, she could have him."
	"What would I have to do?" Jason asked.
	"Tell her you want her," Drew said flatly.
	"What do you mean?" Jason asked not catching on at all.
	"Jason, you're the man who could make your mother happy," Drew said.
	"How?" Jason asked.  "I'll do anything.  Just name it."
	"Then make love to her," Drew said.
	"WHAT????" Jason shouted.
	"You heard me," Drew said.  "I told you.  You're the only man in the whole
world that your mother knows would make her happy but she also knows you
won't have her because she's your mother."
	"This is crazy!" Jason said standing up and beginning to pace.  "You're
telling me my mother wants to have sex with me?"
	"I'm telling you that your mother wants you to be the only man in her
life.  The ONLY man.  She wants you to be her friend, her protector, and
yes, her lover."
	"OH MAN!" Jason paced about more frantically.  "This is crazy!  What about
dad?"
	"If you'll have her, she'll leave your father," Drew said.  "She'd rather
be with you.  Don't you see?  You're mother loves you more than anything in
the world."
	"I love her too," Jason said, "but…"
	"If you love her so much prove it to her Jason," Drew argued.  "Prove to
her that you love her more than anything too."
	"What do I have to do?" Jason asked.
	"Make love to her tonight," Drew said.  "Prove to her how much you love
her."
	"But dad will be home in a half hour," Jason said.  "How?"
	"I'll bring her down here," Drew said.  "She already told your father she
was staying at my place tonight.  You can both sleep down here tonight and
he'll never even know she's here."
	"SHE agreed to all this?" Jason asked.
	"Well not actually," Drew said.  "She wants you badly but she doesn't know
what I'm down here talking to you about."
	"What if she doesn't want to do this?" Jason asked.
	"Just answer this one question, if she comes down here tonight will you
make love to her?" Drew asked.
	"I can't believe this," Jason laughed.  "Ya sure, whatever.  But if this
is some sort of joke I'm killing you both!"
	"It's no joke Jason," Drew said.  "We'll be down in a few minutes then I'm
going to leave before your father gets home.  Now remember, you promised!"
	"I know," Jason said.  "If she really comes down and she really wants me
to, I'll do it."


	Jason was actually surprised when Drew and his mother came down the
stairs.
	"Hi mom," Jason said uncomfortably.
	"Hi Jason," Kara said as she could not even look him in the eye.
	"You're mother is embarrassed," Drew said.  "you can understand."
	"Heck ya," Jason laughed.  "I'm a little embarrassed myself."
	"Oh this is such a stupid idea!" Kara said suddenly as she turned to run
up the stairs crying.
	"Wait mother!" Jason said as he jumped forward and grabbed her arm.  "Is
it true?"
	Kara stopped but continued to cry as she looked away.
	"Is it true what Drew said?" Jason asked.
	"Yes," Kara sobbed uncontrollably.  "It's all true."
	"Mother," Jason said as he turned his mom around to face him.  "I love
you."
	Suddenly Jason placed his lips on his mothers lips and wrapped his arms
around her.
	Kara hugged her son back and kissed him deeply, smashing her lips
passionately into his.  Kara's lips parted instinctively and her son wasted
no time slipping his tongue into her mouth.
	"Ummm," Kara moaned as her son's tongue flicked across hers wildly. 
"Ummmm!"
	"Well you two have a lot to talk about tonight," Drew said softly. "I
better go before your husband gets home."
	Kara broke from her passionate kiss with her son, "Thank you Drew.  Thank
you! THANK YOU!"
	"No problem," Drew smiled.
	"yes, thank you Drew," Jason smiled as he held his mother tightly.  "I
wont forget this."
	"You treat her good," Drew said.  "And make her cum for me."
	"OH I WILL!" Jason said as he slid his hands down to his mother's tight
ass and squeezed it.  "I guarantee it."
	"Just remember your father's upstairs," Drew said as she started up the
stairs.  "I don't think he'll be too happy if he hears you down here
fucking his wife."
	"I'll try to be quiet," Kara said as she squeezed her son's hard ass back.
 "But I think this stud is going to make it hard."
	"Have fun you two," Drew said as she waved goodbye.  "And don't forget you
owe me one."

Kara and Jason

	Kara looked deeply into her son's eyes as he kissed her again.  Sliding
her hands up her sons ass she slipped her fingers into his shorts and
pushed her hands flat against his bare sweaty ass pulling his shorts down
with them.
	"I've dreamed about this for so long," Kara panted as her son kissed her
over and over, his hands wondering up and down her body.
	Kara rubbed her hands up and down her son's bare ass, feeling his strong
muscles and imagining what power he would demonstrate as he pumped her full
of his young hard cock.
	Jason unzipped his mother's dress in back and slipped his hands under her
panties to feel her bare ass also.
	"You have such a nice ass mother," Jason said as he squeezed and pulled on
her soft but firm cheeks.
	"It's all yours Jason," Kara panted as she tugged her son's shorts down to
the ground.  "It's all yours."
	Kara reached around front and found her son's hard cock.  It was HUGE! 
Much bigger than she ever imagined.
	As she took her son's immense cock in her hand Kara dropped to her knees
on the carpet and opened her mouth wide.  Eagerly Jason guided his pole
into his mothers mouth and moaned as her tongue rolled wildly around his
thick head.
	"Oh God," Jason breathed as he grabbed the back of his mother's head and
pushed his cock in and out of her hot warm mouth.  "Suck it!  YA!"
	Jason watched his mother's mouth cling to his fat pole as he pulled her
dress off her shoulders and pushed them down.
	Kara stopped sucking her son off for a second and concentrated on pulling
down her dress and taking off her bra.
	"God you have such nice tits," Jason said as he watched his mother's
breasts bounce and wiggle as she prepared to suck him again.
	Kara did not even reply but instead plunged her son's thick shaft back in
her mouth as she rubbed her giant breasts with her hands.

	"That's beautiful," Drew said from outside the window beside the house as
she watched her best friend give her son head.  "God that's beautiful."
	Drew took her hand out of her pants and licked her sticky fingers as she
watched her best friend grab her sons ass and shove his cock down her
throat further.

	Jason pulled his thick tool out of his mother's mouth and smiled down at
her.
	"Turn around," he told her.
	Kara turned her back on her son and felt him powerfully push her forward
to her hands and knees.


	"Oh yes Jason, fuck her!" Drew said as she stabbed her hand back into her
pants.  "Fuck your mother!  Just like my son is going to fuck me!"

	Jason tugged his mother's dress and panties down over her perfect ass and
down to her knees.  Wasting no time Jason pulled his shirt off and crawled
up behind his mother on his knees.
	Jason's muscles rippled as he put one hand on his mother's ass and used
the other to guide his fat cock into her wet pussy.
	Kara arched her back and screamed as her son's cock filled her pussy for
the first time, "OOOHHHH!!!!"
	Jason slapped his other hand onto his mother's hips and pulled her onto
his enormous shaft until it was buried deep inside her warm tight hole.
	Kara bucked and squeezed her giant breasts as she gasped and panted for
breath.

	"That's it CUM!" Drew said as she fingered her clit frantically.  "Cum on
your son's beautiful cock!"

	"I'm cumming Jason!" Kara panted.  "OH GOD BABY I'M CUMMING!!!"
	"I love you mom," Jason said as he quickly began ramming his huge cock in
and out of his mother with powerful strokes.

	Drew watched Jason's powerful muscles ripple in his legs and ass as he
pumped himself deeply inside his mother. "Cum Jason," Drew panted.  "Cum in
your mother!"

	"Uh, uh!" Jason growled.  "It' feels so good mom!"
	Kara let go of her breasts and let them jiggle and bounce as her son
fucked her.
	"Do it baby!" Kara begged.  "Cum in me!  Cum in mommy!"
	"Oh God," Jason groaned as he pumped faster and harder.  "Here it comes!"
	Kara pushed herself back onto her son's cock to force it deep inside her.
	"CUM!" she shouted.  "CUM INSIDE ME!!!"
	Jason grabbed his mother's hips and pulled her hard into him as his load
exploded inside her.
	"OH GOD JASON!" Kara gasped as she squeezed her breasts once again.  "I
can feel your hot cum inside me!!"
	"I love you mom! I LOVE YOU!" Jason growled as he jerked and spasmed until
he had spend his entire load.

	Drew watched Jason pull his thick shaft out of his mother and could see
the thick stream of cum pouring out of her best friend.
	"Good job Jason," Drew said as she got up and ran to her car.


Drew Can't wait

	Drew's pants were soaked in the crotch the entire way home as she thought
about her own son.  Twenty four and home from college, Philip would make
one hell of a lover.
	Drew threw open the door hurriedly and headed straight for the guest room
where her son was staying.
	"What's going on Drew?" her husband asked as she stormed past him.
	"Philip?" Drew asked as she opened his bedroom door and let herself
inside.
	"Ya mom?" Philip asked as he sat up in bed.
	"Get dressed sweatheart," Drew demanded.  "We have to go for a drive."
	"where too?" Philip asked.
	"What's going on I said?" came Drew's husband again.
	"Philip and I need to talk," was all Drew said as she stormed out of the
house and waited in the car for her son.
	Drew rubbed her aching pussy through her jeans as she waited.
	"I need your cock inside me Philip," Drew said to herself. "Please hurry."
	Philip came running out shortly after, still buttoning his shirt as he
opened the door.
	"What's going on mom?" He asked as he shut the door behind him and Drew
peeled out of the driveway."
	"Don't worry honey," Drew reassured him as she drove quickly out of town. 
"I'll explain everything soon."
	Drew turned off on a dirt road out of town that her husband often took her
too to go shooting.  It was a private road and lead out to a large sand
dune with lots of benches and tables for the shooter.  There was never
anyone there at night as her husband taught her once when he was horny and
wanted to "do it" outside.
	Drew parked the car and turned off the lights.
	"What's going on?" Philip asked.
	"I can't pretend any more," Drew started.
	"Pretend what?" Philip asked.
	"I want to fuck you so bad Philip," Drew said bluntly.  "I can't pretend
that I don't anymore.  I still want it.  I need it!"
	"Oh mother," Philip smiled.  "Why didn't you just say so."
	"I know we were drunk then and it wasn't supposed to happen," Drew
pleaded.  "But I remember ever second of it.  Every inch of it!  Son I want
your cock inside me again!"
	"Mother, I never forgot about that night," Philip said.  "I've wanted to
fuck you ever since then but you told me you were drunk and stupid and
didn't know what you were doing."
	"I was stupid," Drew admitted.  "Stupid for making you leave the next
morning.  Can you forgive me?"
	"Yes mother," Philip said as he leaned over and kissed his mother on the
lips.  "I forgive you."
	"I love you baby," Drew said as she began unbuttoning her sons shirt.  "I
love your big cock and the way you made me cum that night."
	"Oh God mom!  You're so beautiful when you cum!" Philip said as he took
off his shirt.
	"Fuck me son," Drew said as she opened the car door and got out.  "Fuck me
right on the hood of our car.  Make me cum like you did that night!"
	"Yes mother," Philip said as he shucked down his pants and left them on
the ground.
	Drew opened her jeans in a hurry and pulled them off as she got up on the
car and began working on her blouse.
	Philip pushed his mother's knees apart as she lay on her back and pushed
his face between her legs.
	"Oh yes baby, eat my pussy!" Drew purred as she pulled open her blouse and
began working on her bra.  "Eat mommy's pussy!"
	Drew pulled off her bra and began playing with her hard nipples as her son
licked her clit and nibbled on her labia like a pro.
	"I need your cock inside me," Drew begged.  "My pussy hurts so bad. 
Please fuck it!"
	"Yes mother," Philip said as he pulled his mother down to the end of the
car by her knees so that he could stand on the ground and get her pussy
ready.
	"I've missed that big hard cock!" Drew said as she watched her son place
his thick shaft between her legs and push it inside her.
	"OH YES!!!" Drew screamed.  "GIVE MOMMY YOUR BIG COCK!!!"
	Philip put his hands on his mother's breasts and squeezed as he pushed
himself all the way inside her.
	"That's it baby!" Drew panted.  "You've got your big cock right where it
belongs.  Right in mommy's hot pussy."
	"It feels so good inside you," Philip groaned as she slowly began to fuck
her.
	"Come on baby," Drew said holding her sons hands against her tits.  "Make
your mother cum!"
	"Oh ya," Philip growled as he watched his mother's mouth open and shut
with her panting.  "I love making you cum."
	"You're so fucking good at it!" Drew panted.  "God made you to fuck your
mother!"
	"That's right mom," Philip said as he pumped his fat pole in and out of
her hot hole.  "And he's watching me fuck you right now."
	Drew looked up to the stars and shouted, "Look God!  You're son fucks his
mother just like you made him to!"
	"Tell him when you're going to cum mother," Philip said as he saw his
mother's body quivering beneath him.
	"Yes God!!!  WATCH ME CUM!!  WATCH ME CUM ON MY SON'S BIG COCK!!!"
	"OH YA mother!  I can see your cum on my cock!" 
	"OH baby!!!" Drew screamed.  "Do you like to see your mommies cum on you?"
	"oh ya," Philip moaned.  "It's all thick and clinging to my balls."
	"Cum on me baby!" Drew moaned.  "Cum on mommy so God can see it!"
	"I'm almost there!" Philip moaned.
	"WATCH GOD!! WATCH MY SON!!!"
	"OH YA!!" Philip shouted as he pulled out his thick pole and jerked
himself off.  Cum erupted from his thick head and shot up Drew's body onto
her massive tits.
	"Cum all over me baby!  See my baby's cum on my tities God? See it?"
	Philip jerked his load onto his mother's stomach and then laid it against
her wet pussy as it dribbled the last bits into her blonde pubic hair.
	"There you go God, just like you wanted," Drew said as she smeared her
son's cum all over her stomach.  Honey, you didn't squirt any inside me."
	"I didn't know you wanted me to," Philip said weakly.
	









--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....