                             A Night with the Boys

(All characters c.1987 by Steven Martin.  The author, however, accepts
responsibility for all ideas and any inaccuracies)

    The warmth of the evening was conducive to activity.  That, among other
things, was the main reason that Worf had decided to take a walk.  As often,
his strutting gait almost resembled a march as he strode easily through the
countryside.

    To the casual observer, the tall, muscled gentleman would appear to be
travelling about naked.  That was because his briefs had been chosen
specifically for their resemblance in color to Worf's shaggy, dark-grey fur. He
felt the attention gathered by his apparent nudity could then be redirected to
his handsome features and well-shaped body, and the glint in his eyes.  All
very impressive.  Besides, with his size advantage he didn't really expect any
argument from anybody regardless of his state of undress.

    And besides, tonight he was not looking to gather a crowd, or even to meet
anybody.  He was involved in some personal mischief.

    Even though he'd been in this neighborhood before, from the back all the
houses weren't easily recognized.  He strode along the back alleys, hiding from
light in bushes and shadows, and listened in to the houses with his
extra-sensitive hearing for anything...interesting.  The plan was simple --
listen for the sound of rhythmic breathing, passionate moans, or just plain
dirty language, and sneak up to the nearest window.  And then, cock in hand,
Worf would indulge his ears and (if lucky) eyes while pumping himself up and
leaving an interesting present on somebody's porch.

    The very thought of it sent Worf's thick hands to the front of his briefs.
Yup, he was already beginning to react to the lovely thought.  He stopped a
moment to readjust his shorts and himself more comfortably.  Just a little
while, my friend -- he thought, let's find something really good.

    He knew this to be a rather wealthy and conservative type place, but he
tried not to let that discourage him. Unfortunately, he had to admit he had
been searching for quite some time without any -- wait a minute.

    Ah, yes, there.  That nice townhouse.  The back bedroom on the lower floor
-- convenient!  So was the shrubbery near the window, aiding privacy.  From
inside that window (apparently open for air flow) Worf swore he heard the
unmistakable sound of a young man's heavy breathing.  Ah, developing youth,
bringing his first girl home with him for a bit of forbidden fruit and all
that.  Just the meat Worf was looking for.

    Easily vaulting the fence to the back yard, Worf moved stealthily through
the darkness until the bushes enfolded him. Then he finally stood with his back
up against the wall next to the window, safe in the masking shadows.  The
window was covered by a sort of outside Venetian blind; he could peek through
but he didn't want to rush things.  With his luck they would be looking right
out the window at that moment, or the blinds would squeak when moved.  Better
to wait until they really got into things.

    From inside the window, soft voices issued.  Be quiet, don't let Daddy
know, that sort of thing.  "C'mon. . .yeeeesss.  Oh, yes."  Then some varied
giggling.  Worf couldn't judge the age, but the fellow sounded quite young. The
girl was only breathing hard.  As the boy continued in this coaxing manner,
punctuated hear and there by the sounds of kissing by one or both, Worf leaned
his head back and smiled.  This sounded like the heavy petting stage; more was
to follow.  Worf was definitely in the mood.  As the vocal exchange continued,
Worf felt his nipples begin to stand up under his fur.  He started himself off
by rubbing his chest with both hands, feeling muscles all over his body tingle
with expectation.  His own breathing began to deepen, sounding much like a
dragon in sleep.  Never one to hesitate much, he ran his hands down his front
until he was pushing against his hardened cock under his shorts.  He stroked
himself slowly through the fabric for a bit before reaching inside to touch
flesh with flesh.  His organ felt firm and sweaty and very, very good.  He
moved his hand down in his shorts to stroke the length of himself, finally
ending up fingering his furry testicles.  Needing something to do, his other
hand reached round behind,under his tail and slipped inside, eventually finding
its way between his cheeks to his anus.  He nearly grunted aloud at the
sensation, but he stopped himself just in time.

    Worf was having a very good time, though he thought he must not look very
dignified with his tongue hanging out sideways.  Ah well, fuck it.  He pushed
down the front of his shorts and hooked it under his balls, setting his maroon
cock free into the night air.  He shook it a bit, allowing some pre-cum to
splash onto his thighs and stomach.  Then he wrapped his fist around himself
and returned to some more general jerking off, enjoying the feeling of his
balls dancing freely in his scrotum.  The action inside was heating up, it
sounded like.  He wondered why that particular voice sounded. . . familiar.
Then --

    "I don't know, um. . .do you think this is right?"  A boy's voice.

    "Doesn't it feel good, Foxy?  Then it's right!"  Another boy's voice.

    Foxy?  FOXY?!

    Stopping himself in mid-stroke, Worf's eyes bugged out. Spinning around to
the Venetian blind, he poked his hands between and spread them very slightly.
They didn't squeak.  But Worf nearly did.

    Inside, sitting on the edge of a twin bed with their back to the window,
were two boys.  Both were about fourteen years old. Worf couldn't have told
this except for the fact that he knew them both.  On the left was "Foxy", who
just happened to to be the charge of Worf's boss, Ms. Mauser.  He was undressed
on the upper half, while below he wore a pair of well-fitted slacks that hugged
his hips.  In the back was a buttoned hole for his ample white-tipped red tail.
On his right, kneeling sideways, was Shawn, well known around school for being
the tail-chasingest bunny you'd ever meet.  It was rumored that the tail's
gender didn't matter much to him.  He was wearing an undersized white T-shirt
and tight blue briefs that hooked underneath his puffy tail.  His long ears
came out from under his long blonde hair, which was now flowing about his
shoulders.  Evidently it had been Shawn that Worf had been listening to, for he
was making similar noises now as he rubbed his hands all over Foxy's chest and
back, while his tongue made a meal out of the fox's ears, cheeks, and neck.
Foxy was very slowly getting into it; his breathing was getting slower and more
passionate.

    "C'mon Foxy," Shawn crooned, "You know I wouldn't hurt you or trick you.  I
just wanna touch you, I think you're beautiful."  He began to mew, softly, and
Foxy obviously enjoyed this.  Then Shawn leaned up straight, pushed forward his
hips and began running his hands all over the front of his shorts. "You know
I'm you're friend, don't you foxy?" he said.

    "Oh yeah?" Foxy came back, actually sounding amused, "Prove it."

    After a moment, the two boys shared a private laugh (they thought). "Okay,"
Shawn said, moving off the bed and standing in front of his friend, "I'll go
first."  And with that he hooked his thumbs through the sides of his briefs and
smoothly moved them down off his legs.  Stepping out of them and standing
straight, Shawn proudly displayed his youthful, pink hard-on.  Worf's eyes
bugged.  He was VERY well-endowed for a boy his age.  Looking somewhat coy,
Shawn hooked his hands behind him and moved his hips, wiggling his hard
boy-cock.

    "You look very nice," Foxy said.

    "I've always said YOU look very nice," Shawn replied, moving forward and
unceremoniously zipping open Foxy's slacks.  Shawn first leaned forward to
nibble on Foxy's ears, then he pushed the young fox backwards to lie flat on
the bed.  Straddling Foxy's legs, he pulled down on the sides of his slacks and
removed them from his legs.  Both boys were obviously getting excited; their
giggling was increasing.  Foxy was very excited -- he had quite a hard-on to
display as well!  This fact was not lost on the young bunny, who took hold of
his own and his friend's pink cock and eagerly kneaded them from tip to
scrotum.  Soon Foxy reached forward and turned it into a mutual session.

    Finally Shawn moved forward and lay down on top of his young lover -- which
by this point they obviously were.  Moving their bodies together holding each
other tight, the two boys enjoyed the sensation of each other's nakedness. Made
bolder by the bunny's coaxing, Foxy ran his hands softly over Shawn's buns,
then pulled up his shirt to rub his back.  Shawn pressed his muzzle to Foxy's
and the two of them closed their eyes as their tongues invaded each other's
territory.

    Distracted for a moment, Worf looked down and discovered that, without
noticing it, he had been stroking himself again.  Gender had never really
mattered much to him either.  So, now jerking off in earnest, he returned his
attention to the two boys within.

    Shawn had moved on to licking around Foxy's nipples while the latter
swooned.  But then he moved down found what he really wanted.  Without any
hesitation he took Foxy's hard-on into his warm mouth and suckled back and
forth along its length.  Both of them moaned with pleasure.  While Foxy's hips
writhed and his arms massaged the sheets, Shawn bent over him at an angle and
continued his oral play.  He bent over at just the right angle to display for
Worf his shapely buns -- and what lay between them!  Worf's eyes bugged again.
While Shawn continued going down on his boyfriend, he reached down between his
own legs to stroke his balls, and finally to have some finger fun with his
anus.  Worf was certain that before long he was going to witness Shawn riding
Foxy's beautiful cock; or vice-versa.  The thought made him swoon for a moment
-- and that made the Venetian blind squeak loudly.

    Shawn and Foxy froze, and both their ears pricked up.  Then in one swift
move, both their muzzles were plastered against the window and staring the
startled Worf right in the face.  Worf was too shocked to run, or even to move.
He just stood there feeling stupid as Foxy turned a crank which straightened
out the blind slats, giving both parties a better view of each other.  Shawn's
eyes widened as he caught glimpse what Worf was displaying -- ALL of it!

    After the three of them spent a very uncomfortable eternity staring at each
other, a smile spread across Shawn's face.  He looked Worf in the eyes and
pointed to his left.  Worf looked that way, and saw only the back door of the
house.  Oh.

    Feeling too embarrassed to do anything else, Worf walked over to the door
without even pulling his shorts back up.  He'd barely arrived when Shawn opened
up the door.  Two males with considerable hard-ons stared at each other for a
moment.  Then Shawn simply took his hand and pulled him through the hallways
and around the corner into his bedroom.

    The mere act of walking sent Worf's hard cock wriggling, something that was
not lost on Foxy.  Still a little to dizzy to argue with anything, Worf just
stood there as Shawn pulled his shorts down off his legs and helped him step
out of them.  Never exactly the shy one, as he came back up Shawn rubbed his
hands all over Worf's legs, not missing under the tail or over his fuzzy balls.
Stepping in front, he looked up at the wolf with his friendliest smile and
began to stroke his big, hard cock, slowly. Gradually, Worf began to enjoy the
feel of this young boy's hand on his organ, and he began to pump his hips in
time with Shawn's pumping.  A smile slowly split his muzzle, and soon he was
grinning and showing his teeth a bit.   He could tell what that hot young bunny
wanted, and he was not in much of a mood to argue anymore.  As if to prove it,
Shawn bent forward and got a few quick licks in on Worf's dark tip.  Worf
reached down and tasseled his blonde hair.

    Meanwhile, Foxy was staring at all of this with wide eyes, although his
erection certainly hadn't diminished.  Shawn looked over at him, smiled, and
headed back to the bed -- making sure to wiggle his buns as he went.  He got on
all fours at the foot of the bed, pushing his buns at Foxy and wiggling his
tail.  He also licked and smacked his lips.  Getting the idea, Worf walked over
and stood at the foot of the bed, well within the rabbit's reach. Long ears
wiggling, Shawn slowly extended his tongue to encircle and caress the glans of
Worf's hard cock.  He opened his mouth wide and moved to take the wolf inside,
which he did -- something which amazed Worf quite a bit!  By now swooning a bit
himself at the wonderful taste of the salty flesh, Shawn took as much of Worf's
cock into his mouth as he could and suckled.

    Slowly, tentatively, Foxy came up behind his young friend and took hold of
his buns.  This only drove Shawn crazier.  With his tail whirling like mad,
Shawn reached between his legs with one hand to play with his penis and
testicles, pulling on them to further expose his anus.  Tempted and feeling too
heady to really protest, Foxy's extended his tongue onto Shawn's buns almost as
if without willing it.  Fondling the warm, fuzzy flesh with his hands he ran
his tongue about them until he was slowly drawn towards the anal opening, which
Shawn was poking at him.  Finally Foxy gave in, burying his muzzle between the
bunny's cheeks, lapping and mouthing.  Shawn moaned with his mouth full, which
sent wonderful vibrations into Worf as well.  By now the wolf had his hands
bracing Shawn's head as he pumped himself slowly into that warm bunny muzzle.

    Curious about this great pleasure that Shawn was having, Foxy moved up and
knelt alongside his friend.  Intrigued, he sidled his cheek alongside Shawn's
and together the two boys sent their tongues meandering all over Worf's
trembling cock.  The wolf's eyes were rolling and his head swiveled about
slowly, and he felt his desires quickly turning to something more.  Looking
down, seeing the slow rise and fall of the young boy's buns, combined with the
thrashing and wiggling of tails, he felt he knew where that desire was going.

    "Turn around, bunny boy," he said, speaking for the first time.

    Both Shawn and Foxy looked up, momentarily confused.  Then, as Foxy moved
out of the way, Shawn obediently turned round on the bed and then (almost
cruelly) lowered his front half and wiggled his tail again.  Worf gave a
humorous grunt and smirked, reaching forward to stroke the soft form of Shawn's
rear, and felt the warmth.

    Walking over to Shawn's dresser, Worf found what he thought he would.  He
took the small vase with him back to the foot of the bed and set it down.  He
reached his hand inside and took out a handful of a clear, creamy liquid which
he smoothed around the shaft and tip of his hard member.  Looking back over his
shoulder, Shawn's eyes widened and he took on a delicious look of excitement.

    "Oooo, yeah," he mumbled as Worf spread some more of the lubricant around
between his buns and across his anus.  Looking at Worf's big, glistening shaft,
he wasn't sure he was ready for it, but he sure was in the mood to give it a
try!  He moved forward on the bed to give Worf room as the latter kneeled on
leg on the bed and left the other on the floor.  As if to get the young boy
primed, he tried inserting one his slickened fingers into Shawn's tight little
hole -- something he did with more ease than either expected, although Shawn
gasped and tightened as he did so.  Worf took his hard cock in one hand as he
continued to probe the young rabbit with the other.  Then with that hand he
held up Shawn's tail as he moved forward.

    Foxy, who looked positively amazed, continued playing with himself.

    Rather abruptly Worf jammed his cock between Shawn's buns, rubbing the tip
up and down against his anus.  He breathed slow and deep through his nose.  The
tickling was almost too much for him and he felt his head swimming again.  So
finally he began to push forward in earnest.  Slowly, agonizing for them both,
Shawn's tight muscles relax to allow Worf's hard flesh to part them, then to
slip his tip inside.  Shawn grunted and shuddered, but he did not actively
resist.  In fact he was pushing back against Worf with as much urgency as his
muscles would allow.  Worf continued to slip in, bit by bit.  Spreading his
knees wider helped Shawn relax his hips, and soon he was flat on his stomach
with his arms out in front of him.  Worf swung his other leg up on the bed and
slowly lay down on top of Shawn, allowing gravity to help him slip further
inside.  To his surprise he'd inserted almost his entire length before he
encountered any real resistance.  He relaxed a moment to allow Shawn to get
used to him.  And then he began pumping.

    Shawn raised his front half and moaned louder as Worf achieved his rhythm.
Both males' hips moved fluidly against one another as Worf growled low and
Shawn began giggling.  Worf took hold of Shawn's hips as the latter pushed back
onto his hands and knees, with Worf kneading the soft buns he was thrusting
against. Shawn's madly flailing tail was tickling Worf's stomach as he bucked
urgently against his front; meanwhile Worf occupied his hands on the young
bunny's chest, thighs, and hardened cock.  The opportunity to nibble on those
exquisite long ears was not missed either.

    For a while Foxy had just looked on, bemused, apparently satisfied to play
with his own cock and watch.  But finally Shawn caught him out of the corner of
his eye and reached over to take on the job of handling Foxy's hard-on. Getting
more and more turned on by the situation, Foxy moved closer and took part in
touching and massaging his young friend.  Worf spared a hand to stroke Foxy's
stomach and chest, and soon wound up with one of his fingers in Foxy's mouth as
Shawn tasted his young friend from below.

    "C-come on down, F-Foxy," Shawn managed to get out, "I wanna hold you real
tiiiight."

    Foxy was more than happy to oblige.  Pausing for a moment, Worf laid
himself and Shawn down on their sides before he continued his excited pumping
of the bunny's tight young ass. Foxy sidled up to Shawn and the two naked young
boy-friends plastered their muzzles and fronts together as they lovingly
massaged each other all over and wrestled tongues.  Shawn took particular
delight in feeling Foxy shudder as he worked his fingers under the latter's
tail.  Enjoying the mutual warmth, Worf took the time to massage them both.

    Now Foxy was getting really excited, as evidenced by his bucking hips.  At
that point Worf chose to roll on his back, pulling Shawn on top.  Shawn
straddled Worf's hips and pumped himself atop the wolf's hard cock, alternating
between slow and fast.  Immediately Foxy jumped up to stand in front of his
friend, stroking his cock and balls with both hands.  Not about to pass up an
opportunity, Shawn took his friend into his mouth, stroking his scrotum with a
free hand.  Then he moved to hold Foxy's buns steady with both hands as he
sensuously savored the fox's trembling flesh.  Foxy, gasping for breath, worked
his hands through his friend's soft, blonde hair.  Foxy's eyes were rolling and
his head was raising higher and higher.

    Worf was astonished at how receptive the young rabbit on top of him was. He
had worked himself into a perfect rhythm of fluid pumping, his lubricated cock
slipping almost its full length in and out of Shawn's warm anus as his hips
pulsed.  His heavy breathing had become deep and gruffy, Shawn's hips fitting
neatly into the rough grip of his huge paws.  The itching and tingling in his
balls had worked its way up to a bonfire.  And now the greedy boy was making it
work by pushing his butt incessantly back against Worf, in perfect time with
the wolf's rhythm. Restrictions continued to melt away as Worf knew he longed
to fill this hot young ass with some even hotter wolf-cum, and that moment was
growing ever nearer.  Despite the attention he was paying to the fox-cock his
mouth enveloped, Shawn must have sensed it too, because he freed up one hand to
reach back and fondle Worf's shuddering balls.  That was too much!  Worf opened
his mouth to growf and snarl as his pumping accelerated, running his hands and
sharp nails along Shawn's sides.  Foxy had just enough presence of mind left to
swoon himself as Worf leaned his head back and groaned loud and low, then bent
over forward to bury his long muzzle in Shawn's hair. Shawn moaned wonderfully,
which sent incredible vibrations dancing merrily all over Foxy's boy-cock. Worf
unceremoniously slipped out of the young rabbit as he sat back on his haunches,
breathing deep.  His eyes were closed and his cock still raised high and proud
as a flagpole.

    "I'm glad Mom and Dad are heavy sleepers!" Shawn commented, giggling, then
returned his attention to his blow-job on Foxy. God, how long he'd desired to
have a good chance to savor his young friend whom he loved so much.  He
alternated fast sucking with long, slow movement back and forth, taking the tip
in-and- out, tonguing around the glans, licking along the bottom of the shaft,
everything he could think of.  Unfortunately, down there he couldn't see the
wonderful sight that Worf did:  Foxy's confusion and swooning fade to an
ecstatic and, yes, loving smile.  He leaned forward and wrapped his arms around
his young lover's middle, and even managed to lick a bit alongside Shawn's
thrashing tail.  But then he straightened up again as he felt himself very
close to coming in the bunny's warm mouth, something by now he wanted very much
to do.  His muzzle was wide open in a huge grin as his breath started gasping.
Shawn had just enough warning to open his mouth and wait excitedly before a
long stream of sticky fox-cum shot out and onto his waiting tongue.  Foxy shot
hard enough to send some spraying onto Shawn's cheek, neck, and shoulder.

    "Mmmm, thank you," Shawn breathed.  He licked around his lips to pick up
some more of foxy's semen.

    Still on his knees, Foxy just chuckled rather giddily.  "Thank you, Shawn,"
he managed to get out.  Again he stroked Shawn's hair.  "That was very nice of
you.

    As if by sudden inspiration, Shawn suddenly sat and both paws on Foxy's
shoulder blades, looking urgently into Foxy's eyes.  At first Foxy didn't know
what to do, but then he wrapped his hands around Shawn's middle and stared
back.  Then the two boys suddenly pressed their muzzles together in a wet,
sloppy and very deep french kiss.  Very messy as well, as Foxy's cum wound up
all over the both of them.  Both moaned with eyes closed.  When they separated
they couldn't help laughing at the sight of themselves. Then Shawn wiped some
of the cum with his fingers and he and Foxy shared it between them, Foxy
sucking languidly on his friend's fingers.

    Worf sat there breathing low and gruff, staring at a line of leftover cum
strung from his cock to the fur of his thigh.  Even as his adrenalin leveled
just enough to allow more normal breathing, he couldn't help noticing the
returning feelings brought on by the sight of the two naked boys cuddling.

    "Still ready," he huffed quietly.  He moved over behind Foxy and wrapped
his arms around the boy's chest, enveloping the back of his neck and biting.
Foxy swooned wonderfully again, and Worf massaged his nipples.

    "Hey, rich boy," Worf said quietly, "Vant to fuck you, pretty rich boy."

    "Huh?" was all Foxy could say, before he was suddenly distracted by Shawn's
tongue all over his nipples.  Worf took his still-firm cock in one hand and the
base of Foxy's tail in the other.  Lifting the latter, he rather roughly
massaged the glans between Foxy's cheeks, tickling his anus with the tip.  His
breathing was heavy.

    "Come on Foxy, it's great!" the randy rabbit assured him.

    Worf was not one for waiting, and the truth was Foxy was largely too groggy
to argue.  Worf just had to push a little to get Foxy down on all fours.  Shawn
leapt over to grab a handful of the lubricant, then he and Worf worked and
spreading it all around and into the fox-boy's anus, teasing him into
relaxation.  As Worf moved into position, Shawn straddled Foxy's back, massaged
his buns, and spread them apart.

    Worf was far beyond patience.  He leaned forward, placed his cock at Foxy's
entrance, and pushed forward just a bit.  Foxy grunted and jerked, but Shawn
stepped up his massage to help him relax while Worf rotated his hips, using his
cock to loosen the young boy up more.  Shawn moved aside when it seemed that
Worf had a good hold on his new territory, and Worf supported his weight with
one hand on each side of Foxy as he straightened his legs out behind him.  He
set up a rhythm to his "push-ups" as he worked his way deeper into those
fox-buns.  But there was still a lot of grunting and grimacing on Foxy's part;
Worf had to get past some resistance to reach the depth he wanted.  But soon
Foxy was relaxing, and even. . .slowly. . . a smile spread across his muzzle.
Just a little one.

    Worf bent his legs and pulled Foxy back into a crouch.  He used a different
rhythm on Foxy:  His long, slow thrusts were punctuated with little bursts of
fast, shallow pumping.  Soon they were making sound effects as the sopping wet
fur of Worf's thigh slapped against that of Foxy's buns.  Whether he knew it or
not, Foxy was driving Worf crazy too:  His tail was thrashing all over Worf's
front and kept finding his nipples.  Worf returned the favor by running his
hands along Foxy's sides.

    Meanwhile, Shawn was underneath, trying to help his boyfriend relax by
tongue-pleasuring his exposed cock.  As Foxy got harder and became more
turned-on than he'd ever known, he began to thrust himself into the bunny's
mouth.  Now his moaning became louder; his head-rolling wilder.

    "Oh, oh Shawn," he said quietly, "Oh bunny. . .I love you. . .I love you!"

    As if possessed, Shawn spun himself around and lay on his back under Foxy.
He lifted his legs up by his ears, and almost before either one realized it he
helped Foxy maneuver his cock into his still-lubricated anus.  Right away Foxy
began pumping like mad. Now this is what Shawn had been waiting for for far too
long.  The feeling of his wonderful scarlet boyfriend, his lover, pumping him
full.

    Foxy was consumed with passion.  He leaned forward and made a meal of the
bunnies nipples as the latter swooned and moaned up a storm.  Foxy had worked
himself into perfect sync with both his partners, alternating a push back onto
Worf's hot tool with a thrust forward into his bunny-lover.  And Worf kept up
his own pattern, as his snarling gained in intensity.

    Foxy straightened himself up.  He took hold of Shawn's ankles, spreading
his legs wide as he stepped up his thrusting.  Moaning, groaning, purring;
Shawn was an orchestra of passionate pleasure. He grabbed his pectorals and
fondled them sensuously as he made cute faces at Foxy, who smiled at him.  He
smiled even more as Shawn closed his eyes, leaned back his head and made low,
guttural sounds.  Soon his own hardened cock sent a huge stream of bunny- cum
splashing onto Shawn's belly.  Though his eyes were half-closed, Shawn gave
Foxy the most beaming smile he had ever seen. Foxy leaned forward and plastered
his muzzle together with his lover's.

    Worf meanwhile stepped up his pumping of the rich youngster's buns and he
felt himself getting very close again.  At the last moment he allowed himself
to slip out of Foxy and took over the stimulation with his hand.  His snarling
increased in volume and his fangs shined in the night as his mouth flew open.
Saliva poured from his mouth onto his chest and Foxy's legs.  With all of his
might he fought the urge to howl as a gusher of brilliant white semen poured
from his bulging cock onto Foxy's slowly gyrating rear.

    Foxy, who for a long moment was the only one who could move, had his teeth
buried in Shawn's neck.  When his breathing again approached normal, Worf
reached down and spread the pool of cum all around Foxy's bum and thighs,
making a total mess of his fur. Worf had a wicked grin on his long muzzle.

    For a while Worf just watched as the two boys touched each other all over
and kissed again and again.  It was clear these two would be touching a lot
more in the near future.  Finally, the big wolf let the boy in him take over.
He came down and was happily accepted into the playful cuddling session.
Giggles replaced the moaning and snarling of only a few moments before.  It
wound up with Worf squatting and one boy under each arm as they all exchanged
kisses.  Each of the three was enjoying the feel of the others' fur, the
strength of their muscles, and the warmth of their bodies.

                                    THE END
