Archive-name: Changes/niteside.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Niteside


Night had always been Don's favorite time of the day. all of the
hectic events of the job were forgotten, and there was time to
unwind and enjoy life. For that reason he was somewhat protective
of his evenings. The bar scene was more of an intrusion on his
private life than an escape from reality. 

This is what made this evening's events so unusual. All day long
Don had felt a restlessness as if something or someone was calling
to him. He couldn't put his finger on it but it seamed that this
feeling began right after an unusual business meeting that
afternoon. 

A office supplies salesman named John Michelle, had met with him to
show some of the latest computer supplies on the market. In of
itself the meeting was not particularly eventful. However Don was
surprised that the salesman spent less time talking about his
products than about the local nightlife. When Don said he did not
get out much, he said it was hard to believe that because Don was
so attractive. At first Don thought the salesman might be gay, but
had that notion dispelled when John stated he was new in town and
asked if there were any bars in town where he might meet
"aggressive women". 

Don was shocked at this inquiry. First he thought it extremely
inappropriate to ask such a thing in an initial sales call. But he
was unnerved for a deeper and very hidden reason. For years Don had
frequented the local B & D scene looking for something he couldn't
find in any of the usual relationships he had before. 

The salesman was right, Don was attractive, athletic and clean cut.
But for some reason he had never found the type of relationship
that satisfied his needs. He had always wanted a woman to take
charge of their relationship. He enjoyed the passive role. However,
finding a woman willing to do this was extremely difficult.

In frustration Don had turned to frequenting B & D bars and clubs
to find a woman to control him. Again his efforts were met with
frustration. The dominants he met, and submitted to were mostly in
it for the money. To them it was another form of prostitution. When
he did encounter a dominant who really lived that life style, she
was invariably so cruel that the situation was too humiliating to
sustain for any period of time. Just recently Don decided it was a
waste of time, and had sworn off the bar scene.

So when John asked the question, Don was flooded with all of the
emotions he had recently suppressed. 

Trying not to look to obvious Don said, " I have heard of a club
called the Rack that has a reputation along those lines."

John replied with a knowing look," How would you say it stacks up
against other bars like it in town."

Don then decided that this conversation was getting a little too
close to home and should be cut off. He said," I wouldn't know. Now
if you don't have anything else to show me, I have another
appointment waiting."

At that John smiled in an almost obscene manner. "As a matter of
fact," he said," I do happen to have a program here that I would
like to give to you as a token of my good intentions, and as the
first installment in a long and mutually beneficial relationship.
This is a new spreadsheet program that is generations ahead of
anything else on the market. This is for you only, because I save
this for my special clients. It is protected and can only be
installed on your PC. I would appreciate you only using it
yourself, so I can get your unbiased opinion of its capabilities.
Also here is my card if you need anything else. I know I will be
seeing you soon."

With that he said goodbye and left. Don thought to himself that was
one of the boldest and most unusual sales calls he had ever had.
Don became even more convinced when he looked at the business card.
The lettering had the look and feel of leather. It had the first
name in small letters and the last name in a flowing script in
capitals. (john MICHELLE)

Don didn't really have another appointment, so he decided to take
a look at the software. He installed it on his computer, and sure
enough it did have some kind of protection which rendered it unable
to be copied further. He started the program and was in for a
bigger surprise. It was titled "NITESIDE, the DOMINANT
spreadsheet". Getting over his initial shock Don played around with
the program and found it to be an extremely powerful and flexible
spreadsheet. He tried to view the program but found it to be
written in a fashion he had never seen before. When he finally
looked up he was surprised to see that it was 7 P.M.

He packed up and headed for home. But as the evening wore on the
feeling of longing got greater and greater. He went to bed early
hoping that sleep would provide some peace. He woke up and looked
at the clock; 4 A.M. Don decided that he might as well go to work,
he certainly couldn't sleep. 

Upon reaching his office he found himself drawn to his PC. Almost
instinctively he brought up NITESIDE. He transferred all of his
files to it and began to work on some of his current projects. He
was continually amazed at how much easier it was to get his work
done that day. Furthermore his boss commented on the improvement in
the quality of his work. All that week he found himself using the
program for almost the whole day. Adding to this was the
continuation of the insomnia, and the habit of coming to work
early. Had Don noticed, he would have seen that he was spending
almost 18 hours a day in front of the computer and NITESIDE.

By the end of the week one thing that did become clear. Don
identified the source of the longing. His need to look for a
relationship with a dominant woman was reasserting itself, but it
was different. Instead of just wanting the submissive role, he felt
a new desire to be the woman in the relationship. In addition, he
kept having dreams about being sexually taken as a woman. These
dreams were unusually graphic with scenes of him servicing a
faceless man with both oral and anal sex. 

He did not know how to reconcile these new feelings to his previous
desires. He knew he was submissive but never thought that meant he
was necessarily gay. Besides he was attracted to the look of a
dominant woman as much as to the attitude. The regal look of an
elegantly made up woman encased in skin smooth leather, showing
black stockings and spiked heels was his dream.

Finally at the end of the work week Don could no longer resist his
desires. He found himself in a haze as his feet led him to the
Rack. He went right to the bar, hoping that a drink would slow this
feeling down. He knocked down the first one and ordered another.
Feeling a little better, he relaxed and looked around as the crowd
filtered in. He saw many of the people he had seen before. The
hookers plied their trade on the hopeless submissives who begged to
be ground underfoot. 

Just as Don thought that this was only going to be a reminder of
why he had stopped coming here, he saw HER.
Sitting at a table by herself was a vision. She had a mane of black
hair that framed the face of a goddess. Exotic eyes were
highlighted with shades of blue; high cheeks were shaded
dramatically; and full lips were as red as blood. She was dressed
in a black sheath made of what was obviously expensive sheepskin
leather. Slit to her thigh, it allowed her beautiful legs to be
displayed. They showed black nylons leaving a hint of smooth white
flesh at the top. Her feet were enclosed in black leather pumps, 6
inches high and shining like mirrors. Her arms were covered to the
shoulder in impossibly tight gloves made of the same material as
her dress. The gloves were unusual in that the only opening was at
the fingertips. Thrusting from these slits were red fingernails at
least 2 inches long. the amazing part about them is that they
looked real.

As Don watched this vision he was struck by the fact that this
Incredibly attractive woman was still alone. It was obviously her
choice. Time and time again she turned away potential worshippers.
Just as Don thought that she might be totally unapproachable, she
looked over at him and smiled. She lifted her hand, curled one
finger, and motioned him to come to her. 

He felt himself lifted from his stool and floated across the floor
to her. He dropped to his knees in front of her. He did not
consciously speak but heard his voice say, " You called to me. I am
here"

She smiled and said," I knew you would come. I made sure you would
be here tonight"

Even in his daze Don was shocked by her statement. He gathered
himself and replied," How could you have known I would be here. I
have never seen you before. Do I know you from somewhere else?"

She smiled again and said, "Oh, but I have seen you before, and I
think I do know you very well."

She extended her hand and said," My card."

Don looked at the card. It had letters in a flowing script and a
leather-like print It said: MICHELLE johns. Don felt his palms get
wet and his head get light. He looked at this voluptuous and erotic
woman in shock. This must be some kind of game she was playing with
that salesman who had visited him during the week.

Don said, "Please forgive me but I still don't think that I have
met YOU before."

She gave a mock startled look and said, " I am hurt that you don't
remember me" She then lowered her frosted eyelids and her tongue
rolled across her pouting lips, " Of course now that we are on the
niteside I do look a little different."

Don began to get a little nervous and subsequently angry. He said,"
You're not trying to tell me that YOU might happen to be an office
supplies salesman, are you."

She gave him a mocking smile," My but you catch on fast. But the
program does enhance learning skills. Yes my new pet, I am john
Michelle on the dayside; and Michelle johns on the niteside.

Now Don got very nervous," That is the second time that you have
used the phrase "niteside", That wouldn't just be a coincidence
that I have been using a program with the same name"
"Good", she said, " You are learning. Do you like my present? It
was created just for you. Have you noticed how you gust couldn't
put it down? It kind of gets your attention doesn't it. Why do you
think you are here tonight? The program planted suggestions in your
mind to meet me here tonight."

She curled her lip and snapped," Down slave!"     

Don involuntary dropped to his knees in front of this commanding
woman.

She smiled again, " See what else the program did for you. It made
you much more submissive than you ever have been before. More
importantly for our purpose tonight it has changed your attitudes
towards giving head and receiving a cock. You are going to be a
very good little girl some day."

 
Next: Submission and conversion. 
continued:

Don looked at Michelle johns with an equal mix of desire and fear,"
What is in that Niteside software? Did it use subliminal messages
to make me come here?"

She reached out and lightly caressed his cheek with her leather
clad hand, "Please give more credit than that. Niteside does not
employ such primitive techniques. It gives your monitor the ability
to focus a special kind of radiation in a beam to selected portions
of your brain. It is very powerful but in a very tight beam at low
doses, so that there is no damage done. There are no suggestions
given, your brain is physically altered."

She held his face in her hands and said," You are very lucky. You
are going to become what you always wanted to be, the submissive in
a relationship. You have never found the woman you wanted. Silly
boy, or should I say girl, that is because she doesn't exist. You
will never find a a commanding woman to allow you to be submissive
without her becoming excessively cruel. I am giving you a better
way to become submissive. you are going to be a girl"

Don wanted to run away but found he could not move a muscle when
she held him. His voice shook, " This is a cruel alternative you
are giving me. My brain is being changed into that of a girl, but
my body is still that of a man. You are making my life more
miserable than ever."

She gave a little frown that frightened Don more than he had ever
been in his life, " Do you think I would have gone to all of this
trouble if I just intended to change your brain. I could have
mailed you Niteside and done that. The first time you looked at it,
it hooked you. You will continue to use it until it has completed
its transformation. You might have noticed that it has also helped
your work. Get it straight right now, I am helping you not hurting
you"

She stood up, rising to almost six feet tall on her 6 inch spikes.
Don felt himself drawn to his feet also.

Michelle smiled and said," As to your outward transformation, that
begins tonight. By the way this is the part of the process that I
enjoy the most. Come with me my pet."

With that she pulled him to her and pressed her lush lips to his.
Don felt the air being drawn out of him and his consciousness
slipping away.

He awoke on a huge bed in an elegantly decorated room. He felt the
silk sheets sliding on his nude body. Before he could rise he heard
a low, sultry voice.

" Time to get started little girl." Michelle said as she stepped
into the room. She had changed her clothes but the look was
similar. The dress was gone but what was left was as striking.

Her legs were encased in thigh high boots of skin smooth red
leather. Red nylons peeked above the boots and were attached to an
impossibly tight corset also in the same red leather. It covered
her torso from crotch to breasts. Her breasts were perfect globes
supported by the corset. She had replaced the black gloves with red
ones. They had that same fingertip openings so the dagger like
nails could show.
Her hair had changed from the previous black mane to long straight
auburn tresses that fell to her back and shone like ice. Remarkably
her hair looked as real now as it had before.

As excited as he was by this vision, Don noticed some things that
troubled him. The leather used in her clothes was unlike anything
he had ever seen. It fit her too perfectly. It was perfectly smooth
and soft. It did not wrinkle even when she moved ar bent over. For
all intents and purposes it acted as a second skin. 

The other unusual feature of this goddess was her skin. It was
perfect. It was a soft shade of pink without a blemish or mark on
it. there was no hair to be seen on any of the skin he could see.
Then it struck him that this was what was unusual. He could not see
any hair follicles or large pores in her skin. It was perfectly
smooth.

She glides over to the bed and pulled back the sheets exposing his
erect cock. She licked her lips and said," I'm glad you like what
you see, Because you are going to see a lot more of it."

She climbed onto the bed and caressed his thigh, " Relax little
girl, Your mistress is going to run this show. You are finally with
the woman of your dreams. Lay back and be a submissive little
girl." 

She began to kiss him in a way that he had never felt before. Her
lips were so smooth that they slid over his mouth face and neck.
She fondled his body , finding hat spots he had not previously
suspected were there. She reached down and ran her nails over his
cock. He could see the leather clad hand stroking his cock, but
could feel only smooth skin. Just as Don was about to erupt she sat
up, picking him up with little apparent effort. 

"Now you are ready for the change to begin. This is where you start
the process of being a Niteside girl. And I get to enjoy the
pleasure of being one."

She reached down and unhooked the crotch panel on the corset. It
seemed to separate on its own. She smiled, slowly removing her hand
to reveal a large, erect and perfectly formed cock. Again Don was
startled, and not just by the fact that this goddess had a cock.
Her cock, like the rest of her was perfectly smooth. There was no
hair to be seen, no stubble, and no wrinkles. It was a smooth as
glass.

She whispered, " Do you like it. I know you do. After all I
programmed you to like it. Do you like its smoothness. That's so it
goes in easier. After all I don't ever want to hurt you. First you
are going to suck on my cock. Your loading dosage is in my cum.
There are genetically engineered hormones in my cum that will begin
the process of converting your body to match your mind. You are
going to be a girl inside and outside. Come and get your future
DAWN"

Don was a prisoner to the programming, or was it really his
desires. He had never sucked a cock before, but was being compelled
to do so. He reached over an touched her cock. It was smooth as
glass, but unlike glass it was soft skin. It was certainly not soft
underneath the skin. He felt himself pulled to the cock. It entered
his mouth and felt as natural there as did his tongue. He did not
stop taking it until it was down his throat, remarkably he found no
difficulty breathing around her tool. He laid back like a good
little girl and allowed Michelle to fuck his face. She moved slowly
and gently. After what seemed like an impossibly long time he felt
her erupt down his throat. Instantly he felt a glow envelop his
entire body.

"That's it Dawn. Take all of your medicine. Do you feel it taking
effect? Not just yet, but soon you will start to change. That is
part of the fun. You have to take the entire course of treatment,
and that means lot's more fun for both of us. Once you have sucked
enough of my cum, you will take on the appearance of a beautiful
girl. Then you will be ready for me to deflower your little bottom.
That will make the changes permanent. Sleep now, I'll see you
soon."

When Don awoke he shot up, looked around, and found himself in his
own bed. Did he just dream the events of the previous night or were
they real. He looked at his watch and was shocked to see that it
was early, Monday morning. How could he have slept through the
whole weekend? He knew he had been exhausted but this was
ridiculous. Fear gripped him and caused the hair on the back of his
neck to stand on end.

Don dressed himself and went to work. Just as been the case the
week before, his first action was to turn on his computer and bring
up Niteside. As usual he spent the day in front of the screen,
pumping out massive amounts of high quality work.But unlike the previous week, at the end of the day he suddenly had
an overriding urge to go home. He packed up his things and headed
for home. When he got there he was perplexed, because for the life
of him he couldn't put his finger on just why it was so important
for him to be a home. But he knew he was waiting for something.

He decided to make supper while he waited. As he set the table he
watched the sun go down. As the last rays of the sun dipped below
the horizon, Don felt a glow enclose his body. Suddenly his
memories rushed back to him. It was the same feeling he had
experiences when he swallowed Michelle's cum. The weekend had not
been a dream. When the feeling passed he looked up. Letting out a
sigh of relief, he realized he was still in his apartment. don
decided to continue with dinner, and started towards the
refrigerator and almost stumbled. His foot had come half way out of
his shoe.
 
He sat down, took off his shoes and looked down at his feet. They
were noticeably smaller! Don ran to the bedroom where there was a
full length dressing mirror. He stripped off his clothes and
looked. There in the mirror was someone between a boy and a girl.
He was a little shorter, his hair was a little longer, his hips
were a little wider, his breasts were swollen, and his nipples were
a little larger. In contrast to this more feminine image was the
fact that it seamed that his cock was a little larger. Or was it
just that this creature in the mirror was exciting to him. 

Don reached up and felt his breast and got a bigger shock. His
entire body was hairless. As he felt his skin he had a ominous
feeling that he had felt skin like this before. It was perfectly
smooth. As close as he looked he could not see any marks, hair
follicles or pores. His skin was just like Michelle's. 

His concentration was broken when the phone rang. With great fear,
but almost automatically he picked up the phone.

"Hello Dawn", said the sultry voice," This is Michelle. I want to
congratulate you on your first night as a Niteside girl."

Don spoke, but was shocked at his voice. It was softer and higher."
What have you done to me?"

"Silly girl," She said," The hormones in my cum that you so happily
sucked down are working. I told you all about them. I did forget to
tell you that being a Niteside girl is a literal definition. Enjoy
the changes. I'll see you this Friday night for your next dosage"

CLICK......  
hung up the phone and laid back on the bed. The full impact of the
situation hit him. He was the mental prisoner to a dominant goddess
who was using advanced sciences to change him into a beautiful
girl. He was still confused as to how these hormones worked. Why
did they wait to kick in at night, and how could they cause such
extreme changes so quickly. 

He got up and decided to continue with dinner. He remembered that
sometimes you could cope better with great stress if you continued
to perform routine functions. As he walked back to the kitchen he
noticed himself moving in a much more feminine fashion. He was
unconsciously taking smaller steps. His hips had a slight sway when
he moved, and he held his hands in a decidedly ladylike way. Even
when he sat he found his legs crossed petitely even before he could
think of doing it.

Was this the hormones taking effect, or was his mind actually being
changed into that of a woman by the Niteside program? Don found
himself thinking in less masculine terms, and getting closer and
more comfortable with feminine thoughts. The ones that still
disturbed him were his changing attitude about sex with men.
Somehow the thought of having sex with a man was no longer
repugnant. It was not as if he actually craved men. After all his
desires were currently focused entirely on Mistress Michelle. It
was just that every time he thought about sex it was as the
receiver of the act rather than as the initiator. From that it
didn't seem unnatural to want sex with men who would initiate sex.
Don went to sleep with and even greater conviction that the control
of his life was rapidly slipping away from him.

When Don woke up the next morning he stumbled into the bathroom,
still not quite awake. He was halfway through washing up when he
noticed that his physical appearance was back to that of a man.
Again he felt that cold chill creep up his spine. How could
hormones change him only at night? Something was very wrong here.

The rest of the work week was identical. Each day was spent glued
to his PC doing all of his work on the Niteside program. Had Don
not been conditioned by the continuous stream of radiation from the
screen, he might have noticed that the program seemed to grow into
whatever he needed. If he needed word processing it was suddenly
there; if he needed graphics they were there; if he needed
communications they would appear. Niteside would insure that he
stayed in front of the screen, and as he did so, the process of
altering his brain to that of a female continued.

Each night was identical physically. At sunset he would feel the
glow surround him and he would be changed back into a boy-girl.
There were not any noticeable differences from the first night. But
Don did notice mental changes. When his body would transform he
found the female thoughts strengthening. He felt his desires for
sex intensifying and changing. He was incredibly horny, but his
thoughts of relief were altered. In the past he might get out a
porno magazine featuring dominants and take things into his own
hands. Now he found himself having strange desires. He wanted to
rub and fondle his entire body. He found his nipples to be
especially exciting, as they would rise under his touch. He found
his hands wondering to his softer, fuller bottom. As his fingers
explored he could almost hear a voice, (his feminized voice), 
saying "Fuck me". Eventually he slid a inger into his sphincter. He
played with his ass like a kid with a new toy. 

When his excitement reached what seemed to be its peak, Don again
felt an uncontrollable urge. His computer conditioned response
forced him to bend at the waist. He bent further and further until
his lips could reach his cock. Then as impossible as it seemed, he
sucked himself all the way down his throat, all the while
continuing to stimulate his prostate. The inevitable would occur in
a shattering explosion, sending torrents of cum down his throat. He
would then collapse into sleep.

When work ended on Friday don knew that a different set of commands
would control his actions. He went home and waited. As night fell
the change took place. It was then he knew what was next. Without
thought he opened his briefcase and pulled out the business card of
john Michelle and called the number. To Don's surprise he got a
answering service that gave him a message. It said to go to a bus
locker to get two suitcases, and then to be at an address at 9:00. 

He put on a sweatsuit that covered his now altered body and went to
the bus station. Thankfully without incident he got the two
suitcases and found them to be locked. He then drove to the address
given by the service. At first he thought he had gotten the wrong
address. The street was in a virtually abandoned part of town.
Urban renual had not found its way to this neighborhood yet. But
there at the end of the street was a small, unimpressive house
surrounded by a very impressive fence. There was no question that
the occupant of this house did not want to be disturbed. A maximum
security prison would have envied this setup. As he turned into the
drive a gate slid open automatically, and closed right behind him. 

Don got out of the car and carried the suitcases to the front door.
As he went to ring the bell the door slid open like an air hatch.
A sensual voice he immediately knew said, "Follow the lights to
your bedroom Dawn. You will then get ready for me."

In that all of the rest of the lights in the house were off it was
easy to find the bedroom. Don put the suitcases on the bed and
looked around the room. It was decorated by someone who had
specialized in bordellos. The colors red and black dominated the
room. The lights were all covered with transparent red veils,
giving a rose tint to the scene. The bed was huge with red silk
sheets and the obligatory mirrored ceiling above it.

Don set the bags on a low dresser. As he did so he noticed that the
locks were no longer shut. He opened the cases and was surprised,
not by their contents, but by the volume of beautiful clothes in
them. There was everything from mini skirts to evening dresses,
lace teddies to leather corsets. There was also a series of smaller
compartments filled with a selection of makeup. He opened a box and
found a lush, dramatic auburn wig. Again he felt the training take
hold, as he placed the wig on his head. In that his hair was longer
since the change the wig should not have fit that well, but it
gripped his head as if rooted to it.

He took a selection of cosmetics and sat at the dressing table.
After he pinned his new hair back, He began to apply makeup like he
was born doing it. After he applied foundation, he lined his eyes
in a cat like fashion, and shaded his lids with complementary
shades of green. He coated his long lashes with mascara, and
blushed his high cheek bones. He lined his lips with a deep red
pencil, and filled them with a lighter, but dramatic color. The
change had made his lips fuller, and the color really emphasized
their kissable appeal. He placed a set of self adhesive fingernails
on his slender fingers. He finished by painting his nails a candy
apple red.  

He sat back from his task and looked in the mirror. A sensual
stranger was looking back at him. She beckoned to him with a toss
of her tresses; she seduced him with her veiled com hither look;
she made him hard with her inviting lips. Don pulled himself away
from this seductress, afraid that his training would start him
sucking on himself again. He got out a satin corset that and
examined it. There was no way that this restrictive garment was
going to fit even his smaller, altered body. He noticed a trio of
buttons on the bottom of the corset. Without knowing how he knew,
he knew what to do. He pressed the buttons on combination and heard
the hiss of micro-sized, gas powered stays expand the garment. He
slid it on and reversed the process. He wasn't fully prepared for
the crushing grip on his waist as the tiny pumps evacuated the
lines and caused the corset to contract. Just as he thought he was
going to be cut in two, they stopped. His waist was now restricted
to a petite 22 inches. In contrast his hips and breasts were
accentuated by the extra flesh pushed out. He then took out a bra
that had its own gel inserts. He slipped it on backwards, fastened
it, turned it around to the front and felt it mold to his puffy
little boobs. 

He slid on a set of seamed, black stockings attaching them with
garters to the corset; a ridiculously easy task with no hair at all
on his legs. He slipped his feet into a pair of spiked heeled
slippers, appropriate for the bedroom. Don turned and looked in the
mirror.

There facing him was a vision of sensuality. She had an elegantly
made up face framed by a mane of reddish brown hair. Her ample
breasts and hips were accentuated by a wasp waist. Her hands were
tipped with ten crimson daggers. She was perched on spikes that
forced her to accentuate her curvacious body. And there in the
middle of this seductive female sex toy was a raging hard on. Don
could not stop his hands from roaming over this exquisite creature
in the mirror. He fondled her breasts, stroked her legs, craved her
lips. Finally he had one hand caressing his cock, and the other
probing his bottom in the process of fingering himself.

In his state of excitement he did not hear Michelle come into the
room. She smiled at his actions with the look of one who had shared
these experiences. She said softly " Dawn, your mistress has your
medicine." 

He turned and beheld yet another version of this goddess who had
taken control of his life. She was now an elegant blond. Her full
thick hair piled up in an intricate fashion. She was all in blue
leather; the same skin like leather she had worn before. Incredibly
long legs extended from a mini skirt; perfect breasts pushed out of
the top of a bustier; and her shoulders were covered by a bolero
jacket. Her hands were covered by short leather gloves with the
same distinctive openings for long blue fingernails. Her legs were
encased in thigh high, spiked boots; again clinging like a second
skin. But this time she had not bothered to cover her other all to
obvious charm. Her huge cock stood straight out from under her
skirt.

She came to him and pressed her body to hers. His moist lips were
crushed by her lush ones. Her tongue thrust itself into his mouth
as if it was going to fuck it. Their breasts presses against each
other, and to Don's pleasure he could feel her nipples press right
through the gel forms. Her leather legs parted his silk clad ones,
and her cock nestled against his. 

She picked him up and placed him on the bed. He was mad with
desire. He wanted to be a girl for her, and he wanted her cock
badly. She used his desires by not fulfilling them immediately. She
raked her nails over his exposed flesh in a manner that raised the
sensitivity of his nerve endings to new heights. She then cooled
his skin by smothering him in passionate, sucking kisses, and
explored his entire body with her tongue. She placed him on his
side and laid in the opposite direction. "Suck little girl" She
said.

He greedily enveloped her cock with his lush lips. Again the entire
length slipped down his throat with no effort. The silk smooth tool
seemed to drive deeper and deeper with each thrust. When she
stiffened in her orgasm , the first spurt felt as if it was being
injected directly and deeply into his body. 

Then he felt her full lips close around his throbbing member. "Now
that the hormones are in you, we can't afford to loose them. When
you come they will flow through me and I will shoot them right back
into your mouth." That statement was like a command to his passion.
He came into her mouth, but before he was even done her cock
erupted again, sending another torrent down his throat. He passed
out.   Nite4.txt

As Don awoke from his deep and dreamless sleep, he open his
eyes and was not surprised to once again find himself in his
own bedroom. Just like the week before, he had been
transported from his sexual encounter with the dominant TV,
Michelle. How did she get him back to his apartment in his
unconscious state without anyone seeing them was a mystery
he did not really want to think about. He was also not
surprised when he looked at his watch and saw that it was
early Monday morning again, right on time to get in front of
his computer screen and the hypnotic Niteside program.

On the drive to work he noticed little feelings inside of
himself that bothered him. He could swear that he could feel
her sperm inside of him. It was like a light touch all over
his body. The genetically engineered hormones inside of him
were inexorably changing his body. It was like having
another person inhabiting the same body with him. It was not
an unpleasant feeling, in fact it was soothing in a similar
fashion as getting a back rub. Except this was everywhere,
from his hair to his toes, and it never stopped.

Once at work however the Niteside program took care of any
distractions. He was single mindedly dedicated to his work
for the entire time he was in front of the screen. This
morning he had the impossible notion that he could actually
feel the radiation beam from the screen penetrating his
brain. He knew that thew longer he sat in front of this
screen, the more Niteside was altering the patterns and
physical composition of his brain to that of a girl. Could
it be that the enhanced levels of alien hormones in his body
were making him more receptive to this process? Were the
hormonal changes enhancing the conversion of his brain?

Whatever the reason, Don had little doubt over the fact that
he was thinking and acting more and more like a girl each
day. In his spare time he found himself drawn away from the
masculine world that he had grown up with. He had little
interest in sports, and read more and more of Cosmo and
vogue. He found himself much more interested in the
secretaries' conversations than those of the "guys'. The
only part of this process that frightened him was that he
found himself attracted less to his female peers than those
same "guys". He found himself looking at buns mare than
boobs. While in the past this would have sent him screaming
to a shrink, he did not seem to really notice the attitude
change, let alone mind it.

 Fortunately for him the Niteside program kept him glued to
his screen and therefore his work. The organization
continued to be thrilled by the quantity and quality of his
efforts. His bosses kept up a steady stream of complements
and started to suggest that he might be in line for higher
positions in the firm.

Don sat at home Monday night wondering if the setting of the
sun would bring any new changes. He had gotten used to the
nightly conversion, probably as much from the conditioning
as from the fact that when changed, he was a good
approximation of a pretty girl. That and the fact that his
nightly self inflicted blow jobs were his sole source of
enjoyment.

He suspected that tonight might bring something special.
When he came home he went to hang up his suit and found all
but one of his closets filled with feminine fashions. His
altered brain was very happy to find a treasure trove of
clothing to go with the two suit cases he had started with.
there seemed to be an emphasis on evening wear. Lots of
cocktail dresses, sequins and taffeta. There was not a pair
of shoes that had less than 5 " heels. To his delight he
found a section of the closet had been reserved for what had
to be dominant clothing. Lots and lots of that special
leather that molded to his skin when he put it on. And he
did put it on . His altered brain wanted to try on his new
wardrobe immediately, but his still male body did not want
to cooperate.  The leather did slide onto his body but he
was disappointed that he just looked like a man wearing a
leather dress. He decided to leave on the dress as he waited
for sunset.

The sun slipped under the horizon and Don was encompassed by
the familiar and increasingly comfortable glow of the
change. He could feel the energy radiate from his own body.
Somehow the fact that this did not come from the outside
comforted him. He could feel his body swell in the hips and
breasts. He felt his bones contract to alter his size and
shape. The only really uncomfortable part was when he would
loose his breath as his ribs contracted. How does one
describe the feeling of your face changing. Again it
reminded him of a whole body massage, except these hands
were everywhere and these were definitely "magic fingers".

Right away Don knew that this change was different. The
weight on his chest told him that, and as he ran to the full
length mirror he could feel his hips swinging. Don thought
he was past surprises but what he saw in the mirror shocked
him.

SHE was beautiful. Her delicate face was accentuated by high
cheekbones and wide almond shaped eyes. A tiny turned up
nose centered above full and pouting lips. A full head of
thick auburn hair went well past her shoulders. Her entire
face was an invitation to be fucked. But it was the body
that amazed him. Firm, pert breasts jutted from a sensual
frame. She had the body of a athlete rather than that of a
hooker. There were well toned muscles holding a tiny
waist in. Her hips were full, not with excess fat but with
firm smooth tissue. Firm sensual thighs tapered down to
calves and feet that were made to perch on spiked heels.

And amazingly her cock was even bigger. By now it throbbed
with excitement, extending to a good 10". This turgid male
symbol in the middle of a feminine body was an exciting
contrast.

While his lust called her to explore this new toy, his
programming sent her to the mirror. With an expert hand that
would be the envy of an artist she applied her makeup and
styled her hair. It was difficult to imagine that the face
in the mirror could become any sexier but it did. She
changed from an extremely pretty innocent girl into a
sensual woman. Dramatic green shaded eyes looked for sex. A
mouth that could only be described as a sexual orifice
called for sex. Rich flowing hair would caress the crotch of
a prospective lover.

She sauntered over to the closets filled with her sensual
clothing. She selected an emerald green, satin corset, and
slid it over her full hips. She pressed the concealed button
that her programming taught her about. She was prepared for
the crushing of the micro-hydrolic pumps in the corset. They
slowly and uniformly squeezed her waist down under 20". She
sat on the bed and slowly slid her matching green nylons up
her hairless legs, attaching them to the garters. She
squeezed her feet into delicate sandals and tightened the
ankle straps. Finally she slithered her constrained body
into a matching silk dress, and tightened a leather belt
around her waist.

She strolled over to the mirror with the grace of a cat and
beheld her handiwork. There was a tantalizing sex toy
looking at her, asking for sexual release. Large breasts
forced erect nipples against their silk covering. Her tits
cut down to a diminutive waist, which was further emphasized
by her full hips. Long slender legs on their spiked
platforms were split by a erotic contrasting bulge. Her
nipples were not the only thing that was erect.

Her sensations in her cock were driving her mad. The silk
was ever so gently brushing against the head of her dick.
She lifted her skirt to reveal the throbbing flesh. She
thought about resisting for a brief minute but she was
hooked. She lay on the bed and folded herself in half at the
waist. Her lips enfolded her cock and inhaled it down her
throat. As she sucked her fingers explored her backside,
plunging in and out in an effort to fuck herself. As she
tickled her prostate she came down her throat. If she had
retained her consciousness she would have seen herself
sucking on herself for the rest of the night.

The week progressed with the pattern repeated , he went to
work, got programmed, and she sucked the night away. At the
end of Friday, Don expected the mental call to see Michelle.
Just then he realized that something was different. for the
first time since he had gotten the Niteside program, he was
not being compelled to look at it. A little nervous at the
sudden feeling of abandonment, he went home and waited.

As the sun set the now blessed change took over his body.
Dawn was back and ready for something special. She went to
the closet and noticed a garment bag he had not seen before.
She felt faint as she saw the most obscene wedding dress
ever made. It was made of the same skin molding leather as
the dominant outfits. It was open at the top and would
expose all of her breasts. It flared at the waist to a full
skirt slit up the middle to her crotch. The sleeves went all
the way to her wrists and attached to tight gloves that
exposed only her fingernails.

She felt the urge to rush to get ready, but for what? She
slithered into the dress and pressed a button that caused
the waist to contract to her accustomed 19". She also felt
the sleeves contract to encase her slender arms and hands in
white leather. She got out a thigh high pair of white,
spiked boots and marveled that they slid on as easily as
nylons, and molded to the legs. Her makeup was done to match
her outfit. Silver and blue accented her large eyes. A
whitish shade covered her willing lips. and her long nails
were in done in pearl. She was an carnal combination of a
slut and a virgin bride. She was ready.

The timing of the knock on the door was expected. Dawn
minced over and opened the door. It was Michelle. She smiled
as she looked over the product of her efforts. The little
slut was ready and so was she.

Dawn did the impossible and became more excited as she took
Michelle's fur coat. Michelle was encased in what could only
be described as a leather body glove. It started right under
her chin and merged into a matching pair of 6" heels. As
before the sleeves became gloves that left only her nails
exposed. In fact her nails and face were the only areas not
covered in leather. Her face was just as striking. Exquisite
makeup was framed by full black hair that was blown back and
up to create a wild and lustful look.

Michelle grinned in a satisfied manner and said," Tonight is
the final night of out relationship. You have been a good
subject for conversion. Your basic submissive nature made
you a desirable candidate. We knew all of your deepest
thoughts as we scanned your brain. Do you remember the times
you communicated with the various BBS's in the country? The
open communication lines gave us access to your mind.

You should be honored. We needed a new representative in
this
area of the country, and you were chosen over many other
qualified candidates. After tonight you will continue our
work here. It is my honor and pleasure to give you the final
hormone injection that will make the changes that you have
been experiencing permanent. I will take your little anal
cherry tonight and make you one of us."

Michelle felt a moment of pity as she saw the confusion and
horror on Dawn's face. " There is no reason to be
frightened. The process is totally painless. You will come
to enjoy the nightly conversion and may even learn to orgasm
when it happens. The only new part of your life is that you
will now assume the dominant role in relationships. Your
programming has set you up for this change, and further
upgrades of the Niteside program will assist you."

"Your job, should you choose to accept it, and you have no
real choice, is to become a representative of our "firm".
You
will distribute a lesser version of the Niteside program to
a selected list of clients that we will provide to you. They
will then go through the conversion that you have
experienced, with one difference. They will remain
submissive to you and the needs of the "firm." We will
expand
our user network and add value to our shareholders. "

Dawn briefly found her voice, " Who is this firm? And if
they want subservient TV's as employees why are these
changes limited to the night time? "

"I will answer you second question first", said Michelle.
"Society as a whole is not prepared for a large population
of TV's running around no matter how beautiful they are. the
female population would never stand for that drastic of a
threat. Our objective is to maintain a stable society so
that we can reap the full benefits of this process. We are
all standard males during the day so that we can retain the
fabric of society as we harvest the rewards of our work"

"Your second question is a bit more complicated, but seeing
that you are about to become a "partner in the firm", I
think that you have the right to know. We are an alien race
that found this lovely planet in our travels. We devised
this scheme to take advantage of your resources without
destroying the planet. Make no mistake, we are fully capable
of that action. However we are a benevolent people. We used
a method that subjected you to our needs, but in a way that
gave you pleasure as well. Even the most submissive of our
servants will experience sexual pleasure far beyond their
normal capacity. Haven't you noticed the intensity of your
desires and subsequent orgasms? As a "partner" you will
have approximately double the sexuality of our submissives,
and they will in turn be doubly as sexual as the general
population. After all there have to be some rewards for
services rendered."

Michelle pulled Dawn close to her saying, "I think it is
time to initiate you to the firm."

She pressed her lips to Dawn's and thrust her tongue down
her willing throat. Dawn felt herself in the firm hold of
this dominant beauty, and willingly submitted to her
passion. She felt her hard on pressing against the leather
of Michelle's outfit, and felt Michelle's cock rise and
throb against her in return.

Michelle picked up the little "virgin" and carried her to
the bed. She gently laid Dawn down and said, "I'll be gentle
seeing that this is your first time. I hope it not our last.
Michelle reached down and peeled back the crotch piece of
her body stocking. Out popped her thick and long cock. Dawn
instinctively licked her lips and went for it.

"Not tonight you little slut." Michelle smiled. "Once you
clamp those soft lips on a cock there is no getting you off
of it until you have sucked it dry. I want you to lift your
legs up to tour ears and hold them."

Dawn complied with the order. Her dress fell away from her
crotch exposing her cock and her soft bottom. Michelle
pressed her cock against Dawn's sphincter and began to apply
pressure. "Relax and enjoy your initiation. your about to
become one of us."

Dawn felt the huge cock slide past her opening and begin its
way up  and into her. Michelle gradually increases the speed
and depth of her thrusts and was soon ramming her cock as
deeply into Dawn as she could. Dawn was overcome with the
intensity of her first fuck. It seemed that the conversion
had increased the number of nerve endings in every erogenous
part of her body. Her cock would throb each time Michelle
would stick it deeply into her.

Dawn could feel herself and Michelle begin to twitch in
anticipation of their imminent mutual orgasm. Michelle
panted, "Suck yourself baby. we can't loose any of your
medicine now."

In an act of incredible manipulation, Dawn folded her torso
down further and further until her lips were closing over
her ready cock. In her state of extreme passion, she barely
made it. Just as she got her cock down her throat, she could
feel Michelle's orgasm fill her bottom. Her own cock
exploded simultaneously, filling her from both openings with
alien, hormone laced cum. She knew immediately that this
dose was different. She had thought that it would have been
impossible to have her sexual sensitivity enhanced any
further, but she suddenly realized that there were
unexplored heights calling to her. She began to have
multiple orgasms down her own throat, as her passion took
over her mind completely.

Totally spent of fluids, Dawn straightened out and Michelle
withdrew her cock from Dawn's ass. Unlike the previous
episodes dawn did not pass out. Michelle snuggled against
her and said. "I have left a brief case for you. In it you
will find everything to represent the "firm". Go in  to work
and give them your notice. Then you can start on your life's
work. Oh, don't forget to deinstall the Niteside program on
your PC. We will have quarterly sales meetings at some of
the wildest places in the galaxy. You are going to have such
fun with us. You don't need another injection, you are fixed
for good, but lets fuck again, just for fun this time. How
would you like to fuck me?" Dawn just smiled and licked her
lips in reply.

About a month later an accounting executive sat in his
office pondering a meeting he had just had with a computer
supplies salesman. It bothered him a little that this
salesman seemed to know about his submissive private life.
He looked at the card and read "Don Dawnson". That is an
odd name he thought. He looked at the diskette the salesman
had left him labeled, Niteside. He inserted it into his PC
and checked it out. Forever.

--
