Night in the Rain
by Jim Morrison


It started out as the worst night of my life.  My girlfriend had just dumped me
for her old boyfriend, and now my Camaro had a flat on the 100 dollar mag rear
tire I had just bought.  A particularly ingenious nail had entered through the
tread (repairable), and come out through the sidewall (not repairable).  The
tire was landfill.  Oh, by the way, it was raining like hell and all I was
wearing was a pair of Levis and a leather vest.  So, in a mood appropriate to
the situation, I got out to brave the elements and change my tire.

The road I was on had no lights, and wound its way through some heavy
woods.  Dark would be an understatement.  After some barked knuckles and
some choice words for our planet in general, I was very relieved to see
headlights coming my way.  It was the first car I had seen since I got there
(by now about 1/2 hour ago).  I was even more relieved when the tinted window
went down and a very hot redhead in a blue halter poked her head out.
"Looks like ya got some trouble there, buddy," she said, looking me over.  I
was soaked to the bone by now, so my jeans looked like they were painted onto
my legs.  As I looked down at her pert little tits, I'm sure she could see
the bulge starting to grow.  I stammered out a confirmation that, yeah, it
sucked to be me at the moment, and she suggested I hop in, and I could come
to her place and call a tow truck or something.

Going back to an apartment with this hot little thing and her probably huge
boyfriend (who I assumed was driving) sounded like a lesson in self torture.  I
was just about to decline when an equally hot blond (who was behind the
wheel) assured me it was no trouble.  The blond never took her eyes off my
crotch, and when she leaned over, I could see her huge tits hanging like ripe
melons. I agreed to go.

When I hopped into the back seat, the redhead, who told me her name was
Tammy, asked if I was cold.  I told her I was and asked if they had a towel or
something to dry off with.  Tammy kind of chuckled and said that she liked me
wet, but maybe she should come back here and keep me warm.  I couldn't
argue with that.  She wiggled her way to the back seat and immediately planted
her mouth on mine, driving her tongue around my mouth.  Her hand found my
crotch and started playing with my now rock-hard cock.  I hooked my thumbs
into her top and slid it down to her waist.

Working my mouth down to her tits, I watched as she unzipped my jeans.  My
cock jumped out as if it was spring loaded.  We shifted to a 69 position then,
and as I worked her hot little ass out of her tight pants, she took my whole
cock into her mouth and started sucking so hard I thought she would swallow me
whole.

Her pussy was already wet when I got my tongue to her clit.  She writhed and
moaned as she slurped my rod, and I could just make out our driver working her
own crotch as she looked in the rear view.

Just before I was about to explode, she took her mouth away from my cock and
started licking my balls and teasing the head with her hand.  I had two fingers
in her sopping box by now, and was working with my tongue when she started
bucked and groaning, grinding her cunt into my face.  At this point she grabbed
my cock with both hands, and started jerking me as she sucked on the head. In
seconds I started coming, but it felt like forever before I stopped.
A few minutes later, the car pulled to a stop in front of a huge brick house
with a circular driveway.  Tammy and I dressed each other again and Denise, the
blonde, looked back and smiled.  "Think you have anything left for me?" I
assured her I did.

We went inside the house, and she led up upstairs to a huge bedroom with a
canopied bed.  Tammy took my hand and ran to the bed, quickly undressing as I
struggled to pull out my quickly growing tool.  Denise undressed and joined us
after turning on the stereo to play "Ride of the Valkyries."  Tammy had my cock
in her mouth again, and Denise straddled my face, her pendulous tits hanging
down as her long hair splashed down around her ass.  This went on for a few,
then Tammy turned around and started to massage Denise's tits while I ate her
gorgeous blonde cunt.

Tammy squatted on my cock, and started fucking me hard and fast, moaning out
delicious obscenities as she came and came.  Soon Denise and Tammy
switched places and it all started again.  After a few hours, I thought I'd
never walk again, but what a way to go!  We slept (eventually) in each others'
arms that night, and when I woke up, they were gone.  I went downstairs to find
my car in front, the tire fixed, and a note on the windshield that said, "Gone
to buy more nails to throw in the road. Stay for lunch?"

I laughed, and decided I didn't have much to do this afternoon anyhow.
