Archive-name: Bondage/nitheath.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Night with Heather, A


  I called Heather up and invited her over for dinner.  She arrived promptly
at seven PM.  She was dressed in a clinging blue dress, her legs encased in
sheer stockings and her feet in heels.  I greeted her at the door with a light
kiss on the cheek.  She and I have a good friendship, based on years of knowing
each other well.  We've never been lovers, but we've shared slaves many times.
Whenever I want to have one of my female slaves serve a woman, Heather is
the one.
  We moved to the living room where I'd just opened a bottle of wine.  She sat
across from me, with her legs crossed.  We chatted about idle topics, the 
weather, our jobs, etc.  The subject of our last get-together came up.  She'd
helped me dominate a slave.  Both she and I were well serviced that time.  I'd
fucked my slave while Heather was eaten out by her.  The slave had thoroughly
satisfied us both.
  I said "I noticed that you really seemed to get into it."
  "I just really got into it.  She has a very pleasing tongue."
  "I could also see when you stopped being her dominant and started giving in
to the pleasure she was causing.  It was erotic."
  "Mmmm."
  "I've suspected that you have a submissive streak in you.  Is this true?"
  Her eyes locked with mine.  I could see the conflicting emotions behind her
eyes.  She's never mentioned anything even remotely like that to me, and I 
could see that my last statement has hit some sort of nail right on the head.
I could also sense her fear, and how much the thought of her being submissive
scarde her.  I also began to see that the idea was exciting to her.
  "I've never submitted to anyone before, but the thought has entered my 
fantasies.  Some parts of submission turn me on, but others either scare me 
to death or completely turn me off."
  "Such as ..." I asked.
  "Well, the idea of surrendering to someone is great.  I like the idea of 
being tied down.  I'd like to be fucked while tied over a chair.  But the 
idea of pain doesn't do much for me.  Maybe a light spanking, but not much
heavier than that."
  Her last sentence suprised me.  I've seen her dominate slaves before, and 
she could be quite cruel and sadistic.  I said as much.
  "To tell the truth, one of the things I really get off on when I'm with a
slave is fufilling their fantasies.  I only give pain to those slaves that 
want it.  With some of my slaves, I've never even spanked them.  I like the 
idea of giving a submissive what their fantasies call for.  It's exciting to
excite a slave.  But I don't really like pain.  On the other hand, I'd like 
to feel like I'm owned, that what I'm doing is for my dominant's pleasure.
I'd like to be a little humiliated, to prove how much I'll do for either
him or her.  I find those thoughts arousing."
  I glanced over her body and could detect signs of her arousal.  Her nipples
were erect, pushing against the material of her dress.  She crossed and  
uncrossed her legs a couple of times.  Her breathing was quicker.  I spoke.
  "Come over here."
  She got up from the couch and crossed over to me.  I reached up and pulled
her head down to me for a kiss.  She melted against me as I pushed my tongue
through my lips and into her mouth.  Her hands came around behind my back
and started pulling our bodies together.  Our tongues explored the insides of
each other's mouths.  My hands caressed her back, running the soft material 
through my fingers.  She kissed me back as passionately as I'd kissed her.  We
broke from the kiss and stared into each other's eyes.
  Some invisible wall between us had come down.  "I've wanted you to do that 
for a long time" she said.  I stood us both up.  I started to remove her dress,
but she insisted on doing it for me.  She slowly slithered out of her dress to
stand before me in her bra, panties, garter, stockings and heels.  I led her
into the dining room.  I had her wait there for a minute, and went to get a 
couple of things.  When I returned, I put a waist belt on her, and cuffed her 
elbows to it.  I put ankle and wrist cuffs on her, then ran a thin chain
between the wrist cuffs and the wiast belt.  I had her sit in on of the chairs
and attached her ankles to two of the legs.
  I went into the kitchen and returned with the food that I'd prepared, a
medium rare steak, baked potatoes, some broccoli, and another bottle of wine.
I poured us both a glass of wine.  I raised the glass to her lips and gave
her a sip of the wine.  She fell into her role quite well.  I stopped for a
second and thought about how much she trusts me.  Even with all of her fears,
she willingly surrendered to me.  She knew that she was safe.
  I fed her her dinner as I ate my own.  Most of the time I used my fingers 
to put morsels into her mouth.  Each bite was accepted as a gift that she was
delighted to receive.  She constantly licked my fingers clean, running her
tongue between the digits, and occaisonally sucking one or two fingers into
her mouth.  Each bite seemed to drive her deeper into her fantasy.
  After dinner, I got up and released her from the chair.  I had her do the
dishes while I retired to the living room.  I looked at the crotch of her 
panties and noticed further signs of her increasing arousal.  The part over
her pussy was very damp.  She did the dishes and found me in the living room.
  "Time for dessert, Heather."  I blurted out.  I then stood up and removed
my clothes.  I wen tback out to the kitchen and returned with a bowl of
fruit cocktail that I'd made.  I latched her ankle cuffs and connected her 
wrist cuffs behind her back.  I then laid down on the floor and placed several 
pieces of fruit salad on my body.  I made sure to put some of the juice on 
the parts of my body that didn't have fruit.  "Enjoy your dessert" I said.
  She began at my feet.  She licked the juice from my toes, and ran her tongue
over the rest of my sole.  Her tongue slowly worked its way up my body.  Every
time she came to a piece of fruit, she opened her mouth a little wider and 
used her tongue to lick it into the wet areas behind her teeth.  She'd loudly
chew on the fruit and gulp with an obvious pleasure.  As she worked her way
towards my now rock hard dick, she bypassed it.  She liquidly licked my chest
and my neck.  She paid particular attention to my nipples, spending much more
time than she needed to remove the fruit and juices.  By this time my cock was
so hard that it almost hurt.  
  She ran her tongue down my torso in a wet slippery S shape when the only area
left was my crotch.  I could smell her arousal.  She began to lick the areas
around my dick, lightly grazing my hard-on.  She took each of my balls into her
mouth and sucked gently, running her tongue around the surface.  Finally, she 
started to work on my cock, licking each side.  She worked continuously up and
down the sides.  She took the head into her mouth and pushed herself down on
it very slowly, millimeter by mlillimeter it seemed.  When she'd put me into 
her mouth as far as it would go, she started running her tongue around it 
while she sucked.  She built up the tempo, gradually taking longer and longer
strokes.  God was she good.  She brought me to a toe-curling orgasm, hungrily
gulping down my semen.  I thought I was going to cum forever.
  I lay back spent on the floor and she just collapsed against me.  We stayed
in that position for a few minutes.  After I had calmed down, I stood up and
led her into the bedroom.  In the bedroom, I unlatched her hands and laid her
face up on the bed.  I removed her panties and bra, leaving on the garter belt,
stockings and heels.  I took each of her wrists and ankles and attached them to
the four corners of the bed.  I went out and got a glass of ice water.  We each
had a sip to refresh ourselves.
  I then started in on her body.  I began by running my hands along her body.
Her breasts were standing up, almost like they were at attention.  Her nipples
were hard, and I got quite a moan from her when I ran my palms against them.
Her belly was taught, adn her leg muscles strained as she arched forward to
receive my caresses.  Each touch brought increasing pleasure to her.  When
I laid her on the bed she had already been very wet, but after I'd massaged 
her for a while, she was drenched.  I brought my hands to her pussy and began
to play with it.  
  I seperated her outer lips with my two pinkies, and used my other eight 
fingers to examine her.  I put a couple of them inside her, while my thumbs 
sought out her clit.  She threw her hips up off of the bed to drive my fingers
in even deeper.  My thumbs were driving her crazy.  Her breath escaped her 
lips in ragged gasps.  She was throwing her head back and forth wildly.  As
she approached orgasm, I removed my fingers from inside of her to give her
a chance to calm down.  She started pleading with me to take her over the edge.
I merely smiled and watched her agony for a few minutes.
  I began again by licking her neck and nibbling on her earlobes.  She really
began to thrash on the bed.  I continued to lick my way down her body, pausing
for extended periods at her most sensitive areas.  She particullarly liked 
being licked on her wrists and her feet.  She became a single pleasure point.
It seemed that anything I licked drove her crazy.  I paid particular attention
to her reactions, looking for her erogenous zones, trying every square inch of
her body.  I eventually licked my way up the insides of her thighs.  I could
tell that the lack of an orgasm had driven her to heights of passion she didn't
know she could reach.  Higher and higher I drove her.  When I finally placed my
lips against her drenched pussy lips, she exploded, bucking her hips against my
face.  I continued my assault on her.  I licked all around her pubic area,
running my tongue from her clit all the way to her ass and everything in
between.  She continued to cum and cum again.  It felt like I had my face 
in her vagina for hours, but it was probably only 45 minutes or so.  I pulled 
my face away and crawled up her body.  
  She stretched her neck up and licked her juices from my face.  I in turn
kissed her face and licked all over.  Our tounges intertwined and she strained
against her bonds, trying to hug me to her.  I looked her in the face and said,
"Do you want to be fucked now?"
  "More than anything in the world.  Please fuck me.  Put yourself into me. 
Take me, I'm yours."
  I reached down and let her ankles free.  She drew her knees back to her chest
as I stooped to enter her.  I rubbed the head of my dick against her opening.
She tried to push herself up onto me.  I pulled back just a bit.  This was my
fuck and I was going to be the one to enter her.  I put the head of my dick in
and waited.  She kept trying to impale herself on me, but I kept pulling back
to control the flow.  She stopped trying to make it happen and laid back on the
bed.  I started to push myself in.  Everything we'd done up to now had left
her very damp and ready for me.  I could have slid all the way in if that was 
what I wanted.  But I didn't.  I started with short strokes, slowly increasing 
the depth of my thrusts.  She began thrashing her head again, screaming,"Yes,
Oh God, Yes.  Fuck me.  Take me.  I love your dick.  I love your dick.  Oh 
God.  Oh God."  Already I was in an advanced state of excitement.  I kept my
orgasm from happening for as long as I could.  I couldn't take it any longer.
I felt my orgasm well up from the bottom of my balls. I exploded into her as
she had her most powerful orgasm yet.  I came and came and came.  It was one
of the most explosive orgasms I've ever had.  I finally collapsed against
her, panting and gasping for air.
  When I awoke from my stupor, I reached over and unlatched her wrists.  She
curled up against me, and we fell into a deep, satisfying sleep.


--
