			Nobody's Home But Us

	I'm dressed like the slut that I am, black velvet cocktail dress
that I am almost falling out of, low on top and high on bottom, with black
stockings and 3inch heels.  You can see from the cut of the dress that
there is no way that I could be wearing a bra.  From our dancing earlier,
you suspect that I'm not wearing panties either, but I refuse to tell or
show you.
	We just arrived back at my house.  All the lights are out because
my family is gone for the weekend.  We enter into my room directly from
outside.  You take off my coat and put both of ours into the closet.  I
know how much you hate to dress up, but I insisted on the nice shoes,
pants, and tie. 
	We sit and talk for a while.  I am practically sitting in your lap
and you become even more turned on than before, while we were dancing. 
Your arms go around me, slipping one hand down the front of my dress to
cup a breast.  I squirm, and say that I'm getting tired and want to go to
sleep now.  You ignore me.
	Your fingers gently squeeze my breast and your fingers pull on my
nipple, causing it to harden.  Your other hand slides up my stockinged leg
to my ass.  You notice that I am not wearing underwear, and smile.  "Stop
it."  You can see the effect on me, but I continue to squirm out of your
embrace.  Your hold becomes more insistent.
	Then you release me, sliding your hands back around me.  I stop
struggling.  But then your hands take hold of the zipper and pull it down. 
"No, I don't feel like it tonight."  I try to back away, off your lap, but
your hands hold me tight.  You pull the dress off my arms so that it hangs
about my waist, displaying my breasts to you.  I gasp.
	Before I can get out of your range, you grab me so that my arms
are pinned.  "Sorry, but you've been teasing my cock all night long, and
now I'm gonna give you what you were asking for."  You haul me over to the
bed and lay me on it.  You kneel over me so I cannot move, both wrists
held with one of your hands while you search in your pockets.  When you
remove two long stips of ribbonlike material, I know that you planned this
ahead of time. 
	You bind first one, then the other wrist to the headboard.  I 
struggle with you, but to no avail.  Then you reach behind you and remove 
my heels so that I cannot hurt you.   You move off of me, and pull my 
dress off my body, leaving me in only a garter belt and the stockings.  I 
moan, "why are you doing this?"  You just smile.
	You remove your tie and use it to bind my feet together so that I
cannot close my legs.  My pussy is open to your gaze.  You caress me all
over quickly, barely touching my breasts and nipples, just running a
finger along my slit from asshole to clit.  I shiver, still struggling
with my bonds.
	You get up and stand next to the bed, by one of my hands.  "Strip
me, wench."  I do nothing until you reach over and pinch one of my
nipples, hard.  Then I struggle to make my tied hand undo the button and
zipper.  Eventually, they are undone and I try to pull them off of your
hips.  There is no way that I can reach your shirt, so you take it off
yourself.  You also step out of the pants and briefs.
	You wrap my hand around your member and begin using me to jerk you
off.  I look away.  You gain my attention again by pinching one nipple and
then the other and then the first again, so that my mouth falls open and I
stare at you.  You still have one hand on mine, but the other roams over
my body.
	After a while, you can see that I am very excited and twitching,
but it is your hand that is making most of the motion on your cock, so you
climb on top of me again.  Now you are kneeling with your crotch in front
of my face.  "No," I whisper.  When you move your cock towards my face, I
close my lips and refuse you entry.  You respond by pinching my nipples
harder than before and pulling them on them until my mouth opens in pain. 
When you see my lips part, you put your member in my mouth. 
	You can hear me start to squeal, but your cock muffles the sound. 
Slowly, you slide it in further until you hit the back of my throat and I
gag.  "Suck me, bitch."  As I start to suck you, you pull out a little and
then back in until you hit my throat and I gag again.  You pull out and
then push back in until I'm deepthroating you.  You can see tears start to
form in my eyes, but ignore them as you begin to fuck my face. 
	Your hands grip the back of my head to hold it still while you
thrust your cock into my mouth.  "I told you you could take all of me,
slut."  You grin.  Then you begin to move faster, pumping in and out of
me until you feel the orgasm taking you and you explode into my throat. 
You lie there resting as your cum slides down my throat. 
	Finally you get off of my face.  You can feel that I'm crying
silently.  "Aw, my poor little sextoy, you aren't having any fun, are you?" 
My head shakes back and forth no.  I whisper barely audibly, "Are you
going to untie me now?"  I recieve no response besides your hands roaming
over my body.  You take hold of my ankles, where my legs are tied and
loosen the bonds so that I am more hobbled than bound, but my hope of
release is dashed when you put the extra length between them behind my
head, pinning my ankles beside my head and exposing my pussy and asshole
to you.
	Your fingers are rubbing my clit now so that I'm trembling.  You
insert two of your fingers into my pussy, keeping your thumb on my clit. 
You fuck them in and out of me for a while, pressing one of the fingers
along the top of my vagina, behind the pubic bone.  I moan.  "Oh, please,
please."  You let me get to the brink of orgasm and then stop.  I whimper.
	You slide your head down towards my crotch and plant your face
there, licking away at me.  You take your wet fingers and put one into my
asshole.  "No, no, not that... no, no, oh, oh"  I begin to wriggle again,
but this time in an effort to cum.  You take your free hand and hold me
still so that you are in control of my excitement.  As soon as I approach
orgasm, you move your face up to my breasts and lick them, keeping me
aroused, but not about to cum. 
	Watching me get so turned on rejuvenates your cock partly, so you
move again towards my mouth for me to lick and suck into complete
stiffness.  When I see your dick near my face, I beg, "no, not again,
please no, not that..."  I try to move my head out of the way, but now my
feet keep it in place.
	"Can I fuck you then?"  I know how long you can take on a second
time, and I'm scared that I'll suffocate if I have to suck you for that
long, so I nod my head "Yes."
	You smile and put your cock in my mouth anyway.  "Then get me
hard, wench."  I use my lips and tongue to lick and suck you until you've
swelled completely erect.  Then you move down until your dick is at the
entrance to my pussy. My entire ass is sticking up in the air.  I wait for
you to thrust into me and begin to fuck, but you merely take a good grip
on my hips.
	I scream as you yank my entire body down onto your waiting cock,
pulling my arms tighter against the restraints.  You begin to move me back
and forth on you, so that I am in a sense fucking you instead of you
fucking me.  After a minute, you pin me down and begin to thrust your
hips, burying your shaft in to the hilt before pulling it almost all the
way out.  
	You stick one finger into my mouth for me to suck, getting it wet
and slippery before you move it down and into my tight asshole.  All of
this stimulation pushes me over the edge and my pussy contracts around you
as I writhe in escasty.  You slip your cock out of my hole and position it
against my asshole.  I can feel the pressure as I come down from my
orgasm.  "No!  I said you could fuck me.  I didn't say you could take my
ass.  no... please no..."
	You silence me with your lips and begin to slide your cock up into
my tight asshole.  When you've buried it to the full length, you hold it
there for a moment, savoring the feel and the way I am struggling to
escape my impalement.  Then you begin to fuck my ass hard, with your balls
slapping against my cheeks.  With a free hand you begin to rub my clit in
time with your thrusts.  It doesn't take much of that treatment for me to
cum again.  Somehow you manage not to cum yourself, but the second time I
start shuddering, the contractions set you off and you shoot your load
into my ass.
	You lie there for a while, enjoying the feel of your cock in me,
but finally pull out and get up.  I look at you expectantly, but you just
get dressed.  When you have everything else, you put my legs back down and
untie them and then put your tie in your pocket.  You get your coat and
prepare to leave.
	"But aren't you going to untie me?"
	"I thought you were tired and wanted to go to sleep.  Goodnight,
slut.  I'll be back tomorrow morning to enjoy you again."  You smile and
leave. 
