Archive-name: Family/notharlq.txt
Archive-author: Pipedream
Archive-title: Not Quite A Harlequin Romance


    I was thrown down on the soft bed, and my head was
jolted back as I fell.  The bed had large twining wooden
posts, supporting a canopy that towered above me.  As he
threw himself on top of me, I contemplated how I got into
this unique position.
    I had been out for my daily ride on my beautiful black
mare, when my brother-in-law showed up.  He was riding his
devilishly red, Arabian stallion when I saw him.  He rode
that creature in a flat out run, jumping over anything in
his rampant path.  It was incredable to see him so
invigorated with life.  Being in his late 20's, he had long,
blond hair that flew in the wind.  He wore a tight black
riding outfit that showed off the muscles in his arms and
legs straining as rode hard.  A taut, gleeful smile was
present across his face.
    I wanted him.  Just seeing Michael like that drove sharp
heat between my thighs.  But I was married to his brother,
Christoph, the eldest son of the family Lorden.
    Christoph was a wonderful husband to me.  He was very
hansome, having a dark complection and black hair.  We met
two years ago at a spring ball, and were married by the end
of the season.  He was a wonderful dancer and swept me off
my feet, but at the marriage I met Michael.  He got
extremely intoxicated and flirted with every woman at the
reception. But when directing comments toward me, he had a
spark in his eyes that made me lust for him.
    Afterward I flirted endlessly with Michael at all
occasions.  At supper Chris would only laugh at us as I made
some snide and seductive comment to Michael, and he at
me.  Christoph would scold us for not getting along better, and
sit smiling at the two of us after dinner when we carried on
mind games.
    So when I saw him riding like that, I had to assert
myself once again.  He didn't see me until it was to late to
stop, because I ran my horse in the path of his.  The
Arabian stopped just in time, but Michael went flying off to
land on a small shoulder of grass.  I could see he was
furious, but I was laughing too hard to acknowlege him.  He
jumped up and brushed off his dusty pride, yelling at me,
"What the Hell do you think you're doing?!  You could have
killed me!"  His face was flushed with anger.
    "Not with that ever-so-thick head, and tough hide of
yours."  I uttered a few more giggles, and I kicked my mare
into a run.
    "You'll never get away from me!" he yelled at my back.
"I'll get you for that!"  He quickly mounted his horse and
took off after me, but I had a good lead on him.
    It was an exciting ride, I don't think I've ever run
a horse that hard in my life.  I was frightened by the idea
of Michael's fury catching up with me, but was also
enthralled by the fact that Christoph was in town on
business.
    I reached the front of the house with a skid, and
quickly dismounted.  I gathered up my skirts and ran through
the door, not bothering to close it on my way past.  I could
hear Michael's running feet on the gravel behind me.  That
sound made me run even faster up the main stair case and
towards my bedroom.  I wasn't sure if I had hoped to seek
sanctuary, or to have led him there.  At the time running
was the only thing on my mind.  As I threw open the door to
Christoph and my bedroom, I was grabbed by the arm and spun
around.
    I stared straight into Michael's icey blue eyes, and
shivered when he said, "Now I'll have to punish you, because
I know that's what you really want."  He seized me in his
arms crushing me against his chest, and pressed his lips
against mine.  The sweat that coated his body soaked my
dress, bringing it's salty scent in contact with me.
    He released me and pushed me into the room, slamming the
door.  He wrenched off his shirt, exposing his shining
chest, and wispered,
    "Deborah you have no idea how much I want you."  From
seeing the bulge in his pants, I had some idea.
    That's when he pushed me back on the bed, and threw
himself on top of me.  I tried to struggle a little, to make
the conquest more flavorful.  I pushed his face away, and
tried to keep his hands from venturing under my skirts. That
only served as a device to make him slap me across the face,
which stung hot from the powerful blow, but it made me want
him even more.  I dug my fingernails into his back, and he
groweled at me in pain.  In response he grabbed my hair and
yanked my head back, burying his head in my neck.  I
struggled with his hands, and he finally captured mine in
one of his.  He picked up his whip from the floor where he
dropped it.  I felt a rush of fright and anticipation when
the thought of him using it on me came to mind.  But he took
the whip and tied my hands above my head to the bed post.
Whimpers escaped me as he ripped open the bodice of my
riding gown, and began to ravage my breasts.  I was so
excited, and couldn't wait for him to enter me.
    He was very gentile at first, licking lightly under
and around my breasts.  It surprized me that he could be
so light and caring with a woman, when he came on so strong.
Then very lightly, he circled around the nipples taking
care not to actually touch them.  It was the most tantilizing
tourtue, my breathing increased, I began to squerm trying to
fource his tounge to just touch my nipple.
      During this time his hands were working on my dress,
releasing the many ties and buttons that held it together,
then slowly slipped it off of me.  Along with my other
garments.
      I was completly naked, and in a completly vulnerable
position.  His tounge ventured back up to my neck and bit,
sending pains of pleasure through me.  Then he flicked my
earlobes back and forth, I was getting wet all over.
      My eyes were closed, and his mouth enclosed over mine.
I could feel the bare skin of his chest pressed against mine.
It was such a sexy sensation, I was used to Christoph's
dark, hairy chest, so the bare skin was an interesting
change.  His tounge darted into my mouth, it tasted salty
from the combined sweat, but more delicious than anything in
the world at that point in time.  I opend my eyes to look at
him, it was so peaceful to look at him like that.  A feeling
of love for him was added to my lust.
      His tounge ran back down to my breasts, and he engulfed
a nipple into his mouth.  I gasped out loud, and I could feel
a greater wetness between my legs.
      "Bite it!"  I groaned.
      He nibbled at the very tip of my nipples, switching
from one to the other.  It shot sensations of pleasure down
to my clitoris, making me even more excited, and driving me
out of my mind.
      He dragged his tounge down the length of my body.
Pausing at my lowest rib, to nibble at and tantalize for a
moment.  He slid off the bed and stood up.  He stared at me
and gloried in my heat and beauty, looking me over.  He
pulled off his boots and then pealed off his pants.  His cock
stood upright, and was pointed straight at me.  I wanted
him totally, with my entire being I needed him inside of
me.  He must have realized that neither of us could turn
back now, and conquest on both parts was evident.  Because
he untied my hands, and threw the whip aside.
      He spread apart my legs, and came down on me, face
between my thighs.  His toungue darted across my clitoris,
making my nerve endings cry out for more.  I cluched at the
blankets, balling them up in my hands and letting go
with every filck of the tounge.  He pushed his tounge inside,
then began sucking at my clitoris, it was such a sensual
experience.  I was going to come, I could feel it traversing
through me.
      "I want you inside of me!"  I screamed.
      With one smooth motion he was on top of me, and slowly
slid inside of me.  We both let out a deep long sigh, with
the first stroke.  In and out, ever so slowly, one beat at a
time, as we gave ultimate pleasure to one another.  Making it
last as long as possible, bringing us closer and closer to
the very edge of conquest.  He was very in-tune with my
desires, almost as if he fed off of knowing how crazed I
was.
      He lifted himself off of me, getting leverage to
push himself in deeper.  I opened my legs wide, and held
them in the air, as the strokes got longer and faster.
The orgasm was coming again, this time much more
intense.  I could feel him deep inside of me, and also
rubbing back and forth against my clitoris, generating a
heat and fire that was becoming an inferno.  Sensations
ran from the walls of my vagina over the inner thighs, all
the way to my twitching toes.  My nipples were hard, and
the skin around them was wrinkled, as the first waves of
orgasm hit.
      I pulled him down and squeezed him against me, my
fingernails dug deep into his flesh.  Like we had been
doing this all our lives, he resopnded to my reaction
by allowing himself, finally, to orgasm.  Passion
evoked my body, tingling sprouted from deep within,
taking over my entire being.
      I screamed aloud, not caring that anyone might
hear, my body was too taken up in the feeing.
      Michael moved faster and faster, emitting his own
bellows of ecstasy.  His body kicked as he finally released,
and I could feel it all flowing into me.  Which helped to
intensify the final stages of my own pleasure.
      We just lay there for a moment, breathing heavily,
holding each other.  My thighs shuddered in the
aftermath.  He kissed me, a long lingering kiss on the lips.
And I lay light kisses all over his face, as a gesture of
love and thanks.
    That's when I saw Christoph.  He looked inflamed by
what he had seen.  He was a taller man than his brother, and
of slightly larger build. He must have quietly opened the
door, because he was leaning against the door jam, just
watching us.  With a smirk on his lips.
      Michael rolled off of me onto the bed, to see
where I was looking.  And in the most nonchalant manner
said, "Hello brother dear, you've got an awfully wild wife."
      I felt myself blush, and tried throw the blankets
over me, to conseal my embarrassment.  I was very afraid
that Christoph was going to kill the both of us.  But
I realized from the look on his face he had other things
in mind.
      He walked into the room and closed the door behind him.
He pulled off his tie, and began unbuttoning his shirt.
      "I can see you've both had a good day, so I won't
ask.  But I've had a hideous time with the lawyer's negotions
today, and I could stand to let off some steam myself.  So
my dear, if you have any of that energy left for me..."
and he shot me a wicked smile.
      I got up off the bed and walked over to him, and
gave him a big hug and kiss.  Then got down on my knees and
unbuttoned his pants, letting them fall to the ground.  Then I
pushed him back on the love-seat, and pulled off his shoes and
remaining clothing.  His cock was hard from watching the
previous goings-on, and I promptly wrapped my hand around it.
Lowering my head over him, I heard him groan as he leaned
further back.
      I licked at the top of his head, licking off the drops
of pre-cum that had collected there.  I drew little circles
with my tounge around and around his cock.  Working my hand
up and down the length as he groaned.  I pushed the head
into my mouth, playing my tounge over it.  And finally
engulfing the entire thing, making it wet and slippery,
tasting his flesh in my mouth.  My hand around the base
would follow my mouth up and down, so that there was
contact constantly.  Meanwhile Michael had placed himself
behind me and began licking my vagina, I raised my bottom
so that he would have complete access to my clitoris.
      After a while, Christoph's breathing was getting
very heavy, and I was fully excited again.  He pushed me
back carefully onto the floor.  He placed light kisses
all over my face, neck and breasts, driving me crazy.
I threw my head from side to side, in the ecstasy he
was creating.
      Micheal leaned over me and I eagerly took his
cock into my mouth.  At the same moment Chris entered
me.  Both men pumped into me, and I loved every minute
of it.  My hands ventured from one to the other, trying
to give them both as much pleasue as possible.  I loved
the feeling that they were both totally devoted to me
at that moment, and I was the one at the center of
both of their sensuallity.
      Michael erupted into my mouth, I was surprized
that he came first.  The situation must have gotten
to him as much as it did to me.  I sucked at every
last drop he had to give me, as he shuddered above me.
Open-mouthed groans escaped his lips, as pleasure
flowed through him.  Then he laid back on the rug to
watch us finish.
      Christoph kneeled back pulling me with him.
I wrapped my legs around his tourso, and he lifted
me up and down in his arms as we both began to
climax.  I threw my head back and cried out, as we
grinded against each other.  My breasts were
crushed against his chest, and Chris burried his
hands in my dark brown hair.  He was quiet as he
came, but I could feel his utter bliss by the
movements of his body.
      With a deep loving kiss we lay back on the
rug, all of us laughing.  Exausted my hands ventured
over the two bodies, loving the feel of naked
flesh...and knowing it was mine for the taking.


--
