                      NICOLE TRIES TO WORK AT HOME
                              By NICOLE

"Ohhhh, John, that was beautiful.  So how's your day now?  Still 
having a 'bad day'?"  I giggle.

"I'm having a wonderful day," you murmur gently, a soft breathiness
coloring your voice.

"Wait till you see what kind of NIGHT you're going to have!" I taunt,
giggling again.

"UH oh," you smile in response.

"Oh dear!" I sigh.  "I forgot.  I brought home some work I have to 
read before tomorrow.  Why don't I clean up this stuff from dinner, 
and I'll get started on that work.  You could go relax, read the 
paper, or take a shower or something.  Sorry love, it's just a few 
hours of reading.  I'll make it up to you later if you are patient." 
You sigh as well, but smile when you detect the mischievous sparkle 
in my eyes.  "The nite is not yet over," you think to yourself.

I begin to pick up my clothes in preparation to dress, and feel your 
hand on my arm.  "No honey, don't put those back on.  Go put on that 
red and black thing, you know, the one with the black lace trim and 
those little red ties down the front."

"John, my work......" I whisper, an anxious look on my face.

"I promise to leave you alone until your work is done.  YOU let me 
know when you are ready to play.  I'm going to take a shower now and 
then I'll read the paper or watch TV till you finish."

After you shower, you come into the living room looking for me.
Your eyes travel around the room until you see me reclining on the 
couch.  I'm unaware of your presence in the doorway and this gives 
you a moment to look at me.

I did put on the red teddy with the black lace trim.  It's bright red
like the dress I had on earlier and has black lace around the french 
cut legs, and where it dips down to a V in the front just below my 
waist.  It's almost tied closed with the three little red ties in the 
front.  From where you are standing, you can see the gentle swell of 
my breasts above the black lace, as I breathe steadily, intent on my 
reading.  The notebook I'm holding is resting on my stomach just 
below my breasts, and I'm slowly turning the pages as I read.  You 
enjoy watching the subtle movement of my breasts as I lift my arm to 
turn the page.  

The light above my head shines on my hair which is flowing freely
on the pillow and around my shoulders.  You walk over and kneel beside 
me on the floor and gently lift a curl which is resting on my upper chest.
I feel the hair on the back of your hand barely brush against my skin.  
I sigh and turn my face towards you.  You are twirling the golden 
curl in your fingers now, feeling its silkiness.  I watch your face as 
your eyes travel the length of my body, enjoying how I feel as I see 
you look at me.  Your finger lightly traces a pattern down the line of 
skin showing between the ties, and then around the lace at the top of 
my legs, until you can touch the wisps of hair framing the lace on 
either side of my teddy.
  
"How much reading do you have, honey?" you ask with barely concealed 
impatience.

"About a half hour more.  Maybe a little less if I can concentrate. 
It's hard to think when I'm wearing this thing!!" I laugh.  "All I 
can think about is when you are going to take it off me."

"No honey," you say.  "I'm going to let you read. I'll wait till you 
finish."  You walk away and settle in a chair nearby, rustling the 
newspaper as you bury yourself behind it.

I look at you for a moment, sitting there behind that newspaper.  All 
I can see are your legs, and I think about having them wrapped 
around me when you are deep inside me.  I sigh and turn back to my 
reading.

I'm so intent on my reading, I don't hear you get up and go into the 
kitchen.  But when you return, you stop by the couch again, and ask 
me, "Want a bite of ice cream?"

"In a minute.  Let me finish this page."

You settle back in your chair with a slightly disdainful look on your 
face.  "What a NIGHT I'm gonna have?" you question.  "Newspapers, tv, 
ice cream!"  You set the ice cream down a bit too loudly on the table 
next to you and pick up the paper again, and rustle it loudly as well,
trying to convey your impatience to me.

I smile as I close the notebook and silently cross the room and kneel 
down in front of you.  I lightly trail my fingernails from your ankles to 
your knees, parting your legs slightly until I can rest between them.  
Peeking under the newspaper, I smile up at you sweetly and say pleadingly,
"John, I want my ice cream now!"

You drop the paper to the floor and pick up the bowl and spoon a big 
bite of ice cream and hold it out in front of me, until I open my mouth to 
take it.  But the ice cream is melting fast and some runs down my chin and 
drops on your stomach, and you flinch when the coldness hits you.  You 
laugh as you wipe the ice cream off my chin with your fingers.  I grab 
your hand and slowly lick each finger, up and down, seeking the 
sweetness of the ice cream with the tip of my tongue, and then 
circling your palm until the stickiness is all gone, looking at you 
suggestively while I do this.

Then I look at the ice cream on your stomach, which is starting to drip 
down towards the waistband of your shorts.  I lick it up with just the 
tip of my tongue, and then move my tongue delicately across your waist 
until I feel you squirm just a little.  I lick my way up the center of 
your stomach and then over to each of your nipples, swirling my tongue 
around until they become hard.  Then I sit back a bit and ask, "Are you 
getting impatient over here love?"

"Hmmph" you groan. "There is a limit to my patience, DARLING!"

My hands are idly stroking your sides, moving across your upper 
chest, down the center of your stomach.  My stomach is resting 
against your lap.  I can feel the evidence of your desire beginning 
to stir and press against my body, feeling your heat through the thin 
satin fabric.

"Just 10 more minutes, love, I promise."

"Oh you! You wench! You tease! Just for that!!"  You tug gently on 
the first tie, which loosens quickly and easily, knowing full well 
the effect this gesture will have on me, as I feel the fabric release 
its hold on my breasts. My nipples grow taut and press against the 
wisp of clothing yet covering me, seeking freedom and your touch. 

You smile teasingly and whisper huskily, "Back to your reading 
DARLING.  I couldn't think of interrupting for the next 10 minutes!"

Now its my turn to mumble and sigh!  "Hmph!"  We both know that this 
playful game of taunting and teasing is only intensifying and 
mounting our anticipation and excitement.

When I return to the couch, with my back to you, I slowly and 
deliberately bend down to punch my pillow just so, 
and pick up my notebook, knowing full well that you are watching 
every movement.  I can almost feel your loving caress as your gaze 
moves down my back, follows the curve of my hip, and rests on my 
scantily clad bottom, before I turn and open my notebook and 
settle down once again.

I lay with my knees bent, one resting against the back of the couch, 
and the other idly moving up and down, again absorbed in my reading 
and totally unaware of the effect my unconscious movement is having 
on you.  The teddy is cut high above the legs, and each time I swing 
my leg outward, you catch a fleeting glimpse of my golden hair framed 
against the narrow strip of black lace running between my legs.

I try to concentrate for about five minutes, but my thoughts are 
wandering and are no longer on the words on the page.  I sigh, and let 
the book drop to the floor and close my eyes a moment, savoring the 
feel of anticipation.  Unconsciously, and with my eyes still closed, 
I touch my fingertips to my neck, and stroke along my collarbone, 
turning my face to one side.  As my hand moves down over my 
shoulders, I spread my fingers and trace light patterns, moving 
lower, till my hand comes to rest on my left breast, and I massage 
until the nipple is hard in my palm.  I sigh, open my eyes, and am 
startled when I notice you watching me with an intensity that 
bespeaks your own excitement.

I move as if to get up, embarassed, but you cross the room to me, 
speaking gently in a whisper, "Don't stop honey. Let me watch you."

"I can't.  I want YOU John."

You sit beside me and undo the second tie on my teddy and pick up my 
own hand and place it over my breast.  "I know you do, but I'd like 
to watch you."  Your hand is softly touching my other breast, until 
the nipple grows swollen between your fingers.  You move your hand 
over my body, down between my legs and massage the palm of your hand 
against my mound as I slightly part my legs.

You lift me from the couch and carry me into the bedroom, gently 
laying me on my back in the center of the bed as you sit beside me.

You whisper softly, "You know how much I like to look at your 
beautiful body."

I nod slowly, a bit reluctantly.

"Don't you like how you feel when I look at you?"  You untie the last 
restraining tie on the front of my teddy and ease the fabric apart, 
exposing my breasts as you speak, and letting your eyes roam freely, 
touching each part of me only with the intensity of your gaze.  I 
shudder as I feel a familiar spasm between my legs, and moan softly.

"Yes John."

"Relax, love.  Think of me watching you.  I know it excites you, and it 
will excite me.  It will excite me to see you touch yourself."  You slowly
pull the fabric back over my breasts.  Then, taking my hand in yours, 
you kiss each fingertip and place my hand over my waist.

You move across the room and murmur, "Honey, I love you."

I tentatively, hesitantly move one hand over my body, from my waist 
and over one breast on the outside of my teddy.  I pause, uncertain. 

I touch my right hand to the right side of my neck, and slowly rake 
my fingernails over the skin, between my chin and my collarbone, 
rolling my head to one side on the pillow.

I close my eyes, and begin to abandon myself to the sensations of my 
own hands caressing my body.  My thoughts drift to a vision of you 
watching me, imagining your reaction, imagining your cock grow harder 
and harder as you see every sign of my mounting passion in a way you 
have never witnessed before.

My other hand moves up the center of my stomach, touching the skin 
revealed in the opening of my teddy, and I push the fabric apart 
further and slide the straps down my shoulders.  I arch my back until 
the wisp of lace and satin is pushed down around my waist.  My hands 
travel up the length of my body and rest over each breast, cupping 
them, massaging and caressing, working the nipples into hard peaks.

My breath is coming faster as my excitement mounts, and I am lost to 
this thing I am doing for you.  I open my legs slightly and move one 
hand down, working it under the fabric until I can feel my own 
wetness.  I open my legs wider and slide my hand down further, 
burying my fingertips in my hair which is tangled now and damp from my 
excitement.

I thoroughly wet my finger and then move it up across my body until I 
can touch each nipple with my wetness, feeling each one grow harder.  
I then touch the same finger to my lips and stroke it gently back and 
forth until i can taste my own saltiness.

I open my legs yet wider and stroke my fingertips back and forth 
across my inner thighs, lightly brushing over the pleasure place 
between my legs.

I'm breathing heavy now, and sighing, seemingly forgetting that you 
are in the room.  But I speak your name, "John?"

"Yes, Nicole, I'm here."  I can hear a husky, straining sound in 
your voice as your speak.  "Take the teddy off now Nicole.  Let me 
see all of your beautiful body."

I slowly arch my back and slide the offending cloth down my hips, 
until I can kick it off with the motions of my legs.  I bend my legs 
but hold my knees together, uncertain what to do next.

I part my legs slightly and place a hand over my hair, feeling the 
wetness against my palm.

"Open them wider Nicole.  Let me see all of you love.  Lose 
yourself again honey.....for me."  Your voice betrays your own 
mounting passion and desire, and gives me courage.

I allow my legs to drop fully open and begin to explore the soft 
folds between my legs, easing myself open, pushing the hair aside to 
allow my fingertip to slide easily between my opening and the 
swollenness of my pleasure point.

I move my fingertip up and down between my legs, sliding gently with my 
wetness now evenly distributed, and pausing each time as I touch 
my rosebud, circling it slowly, enjoy the waves of sensation which 
are beginning to take hold of me.  My other hand continues to stroke 
my upper body, across my lower stomach, and up over each breast.  I 
shiver and moan as the first sensation of orgasm begins to wash over 
me.  I place a finger inside my opening, feeling the softness and 
warmth deep within myself.

"Aaaaahhhhhh" I sigh, as I withdraw my finger and again circle my 
pleasure point.  My clit is hard and erect and each gentle touch 
brings me closer to climax, yet I try to hold off, allowing the 
tension to mount.

I again move both hands over my upper body, allowing my legs to 
remain open like a blatant invitation, touching my nipples with my 
wet finger, and feeling myself shiver.  As I return my hand between 
my legs, I reinsert a finger and thrust my hips upward, gently 
rocking in the motions of lovemaking, and slide my finger back up 
until I can feel my orgasm begin.  My finger circles my clit with a 
new intensity and my cries fill the room.  I'm so lost now, I'm 
unaware that you have joined me on the bed until I can feel your 
tongue mingle with my own finger, licking and caressing and pushing 
me over the edge.  You push two fingers deep inside me and slowly 
move them in and out as your tongue continues to probe and touch my 
pulsing flesh.

"John....oooohhhhhhhhhh, yes......I WANT you now.  FUCK ME NOW!!!!!!"

My orgasm slowly subsides, and you move between my legs and place 
your cock just barely inside me.  I encircle your flesh with my 
hand, feeling its length and hardness.  I move it up and down between 
my legs, moaning each time it passes over my still erect clit, as the 
last sensations of orgasm die away.

"John, you are SO hard!! I want you inside me.  Fill me with your 
cock.  FUCK ME!!!"

Your cock moves again to my opening and you thrust gently, pushing a 
few inches within my warmth and wetness, slowly sliding in.  I 
tighten my muscles against you, trying to pull you deeper inside, 
moaning again, "FUCK me."

You thrust harder, burying yourself deep within me, and I arch upward 
to meet you, wrapping my legs around your hips.  We move in unison, 
softly moaning with each thrust which brings us closer and you deeper 
within me.  You are hard like never before, filling me and pounding 
into me.  Each time you thrust deep inside me, I feel your skin touch 
my clit which is still hard and sensitive, and I can feel your balls 
slap against me with the intensity of your movements.

You cup my face in your hands and I dig my nails into your back, 
arching yet into you as I tighten the grip my legs have on your hips. 
Your tongue finds its way into my mouth, seeking mine, until they 
meet with an urgency equal to the thrusting of our lower bodies.

"John....ohhhhhhh.....now, COME inside me now.  I'm there....COME
with me. Oh John!"

You can feel the spasms deep within me as I sigh and call your name. 
Our tongues meet again in a wet, fiery embrace.  You tense, and I can 
feel your cock grow yet harder as you begin to come with an intensity 
that leaves us both weak and breathless.  Your come fills me with 
each deep thrust, until you collapse against me, whispering my name, 
mingling the dampness of our bodies together as we are still joined.

You tilt your face towards mine until our lips meet in a gentle, soft 
kiss, and we stay this way awhile, enjoying the sensation of being 
locked together, feeling our heartbeats against one another and the 
feel of you within me.

"Oh John, I love you."  I push the damp hair from your forehead, 
touch your cheek and kiss you gently again.

"I love you too Nicole."

You roll off me and pull me into your arms and we settle against 
each other, allowing our hearts and breathing to slow.

"The night is not yet over," I softly murmur as sleep begins to grip 
us both.  "No, it isn't over yet honey......"


