Even though I was a good wife to my husband until his passing a year ago, 
and a good mother to my daughter, I've always harbored a secret desire to 
have sex with a beautiful woman.  Several times I tried to enter a local 
lezzie bar, but I always chickened out.  I didn't want to risk losing my 
family, so I kept my lesbian desires hidden for years.

That is, until one day when my daughter Ellie brought home a really hot 
little number named Leslie, who attended the same college as Ellie.  I 
walked over and introduced myself.  What I really wanted to do was take 
Leslie in my arms and kiss her full, beautiful mouth.  The three of us 
went to dinner and a movie, and then Leslie asked if she could stay the 
night.  I readily agreed.

That night, I couldn't sleep.  I kept fantasizing about what it would be 
like to make love with Leslie.  I began to rub my breasts and play with 
myself, and began moaning in ecstacy.  Suddenly, Leslie was standing over 
the bed, as naked as I was, and asked, "Want some company?"  Suddenly, I 
was so embarrassed and I began to cry.  Leslie sat on the bed, put her 
arms around me, and said, "It's allright, Mary.  I know that you want 
me.  The fact is, I want you, too.  You really turn me on. Now just relax 
and let me make love to you."

Even though I was nervous and scared about the whole thing, I was also 
excited and aroused.  I told Leslie I would try.  She had a bag with her 
that read, "Le Sex Shoppe".  I asked her "What's in the bag?"  Leslie 
replied, "It's a surprise."  As she got into bed next to me, I told her 
"Leslie, even though I've fantasized many times about making love with 
another woman, this will be the first time that I've actually done it, so 
if I don't respond right away, it's from nervousness and anticipation."

Leslie took me in her arms, and as we held each other tight, she said, 
"Don't worry.  Nothing will happen that you don't choose."  Then, our 
lips met in a long, sincere, passionate and beautiful kiss.  She then 
moved her tounge down my body to my breasts and carressed and fondled 
them ever so gently.  She then ate my pussy better than my husband ever 
did.  After we kissed again, Leslie asked me, "Did you enjoy that?"  I 
answered, "I loved it."  She then asked me, "Would you do that to me 
now?"  I answered, "Why not?"

I climbed on top of Leslie and carressed her all over.  There wasn't a 
part of her beautiful body that my lips didn't touch.  Then, I ate pussy 
for the first time and I liked it better than sucking my late dear's 
cock.  After we laid in each other's arms, carressing and fondling each 
other, Leslie got up, brought over her paper bag and opened it.  Inside 
was a seven inch strap-on dildo and a small tube of Vaseline.

I watched with burning excitement as Leslie quickly put the dildo on.  It 
looked like a genuine cock sticking out from her pussy, and I was eager 
to have her fuck me with it.  I said, "Hurry up and fuck me. I can't 
wait."  Leslie said, "First things first.  I want you to suck my cock."  
I deep throated all seven inches of Leslie's plastic cock and made like 
Linda Lovelace.  I got so heavily into the fantasy that I expected Leslie 
to come in my mouth.

Leslie then pulled out of my mouth and turned me over.  She then inserted 
her cock in my cunt from behind and began to fuck me really good.  I 
enjoyed feeling Leslie's cock going in and out of me.  With her hands 
placed firmly on my rear, Leslie gave me a good rear end screw.  I then 
asked her, "Would you do something?"  Leslie answered, "Baby, you don't 
have to ask.  Just tell me."  I said, "Okay.  I want you to fuck me in 
the ass."

Leslie withdrew from my cunt, and lubed up her cock and my rectum with 
the Vaseline.  She ever so slowly penetrated my asshole.  She went real 
slow at first.  Being fucked in the ass was very painful.  But at the 
same time, I was getting excited and aroused.  When Leslie saw that I was 
enjoying myself, she increased the tempo of her thrusts.  Leslie then 
bent down, gripped me tight around the stomach and began to thrust into 
my ass hard.  The harder she fucked me, the better I liked it.  We kept 
this up for a long time.

Leslie slowly withdrew from my rectum, unstrapped the dildo, placed it on 
the floor, rolled me over, took me in her arms, and we held and kissed 
each other until we fell asleep.

When we woke up, Leslie and I made love again.  Then I strapped on the 
dildo and fucked Leslie from behind.  First in her pussy and then in her 
ass.  Afterwards, Leslie asked me, "Well, was it what you thought it 
would be?"  I answered, "Yes.  It was better than I ever dreamed of."  We 
could hear Ellie getting up, so we dressed and started to make breakfast.

Tuesday nights are very special to Leslie and I.  That's when we get 
together for a wild night of passion, which ends with one of us fucking 
the other with a strap-on dildo.  A month of these Tuesdays have gone by, 
and we have made a discovery: we're in love.  Now comes the hard part: 
how to tell this to Ellie.  I'm not sure how she'll take the news. We'll 
just have to cross that bridge when we come to it.
