			Night Thoughts                  
			By Ruth Moore
			(c) 1995




Oh for God's sake, this will never do. I'm just too restless tonight 
and I can't get to sleep. Like every other doctor in the history of 
medicine, I'm a lousy patient. If Will or Geordi came to me and said 
that they couldn't sleep, I would be quick enough to recommend a mild 
sedative or hot milk, or even chamomile tea. But it's me and I won't 
take my own advice, and so here I am, tossing and turning.

Part of my problem is cyclical; it's *that* time of the month, "baby 
week" Nana used to call it. There's an egg sitting up there that 
wants to be fertilized. Well too bad, egg; not this month or any 
other for that matter. God knows I love my son, but once was enough, 
thank you very much.

Of course, I could always mess with my chemistry. I do it often 
enough for others. Selar could do the tests and we could tailor my 
implant to deal with my hormones as well as keeping me from getting 
pregnant. It's just (usually) not bad enough to bother. Nana always 
said to let Nature take Her course whenever possible. Hah! Easy for 
her to say, she had Ronan.

Oh, that was a mistake, thinking of Ronan in my present state. It's 
been like this all day; I can't keep my mind of sex. Most months 
aren't this bad, normally I have better control, but not this time.

First there was Worf. Worf for heaven's sake! It was so stupid 
thinking about his big broad chest (and my, what a nice chest it is) 
in the middle of a sparring match. No wonder he threw me halfway 
across the gym. Was I embarrassed by my lack of attention? Was I 
annoyed by the knowledge of the inevitable bruises? No, I was turned 
on by the whole thing.

Then it had to be Will that came over to help me up. Oh from bad to 
worse; I looked at the hand he held out and I had a memory flash of 
those hands of his, moving from my waist to my breasts, fingers 
toying with my nipples. Will has lovely hands, big and strong and 
curiously gentle. At least they were gentle when Odan was using them. 
I just stayed there on the floor for a moment, blushing (sometimes I 
really *hate* being a fair redhead) before I let him help me stand. 
Did he notice my nipples pushing against my *gi*? I hope not.

Oh dear, this is awful; I'm never going to get to sleep. Now I'm 
*aware* of my breasts. My nipples are rock hard and as I roll over,  
my pajama top rubs against them. Well, should I delay the inevitable, 
or just give in and get it over with. Teasing is all well and good, 
but I've been teasing myself all day.

I mean, what in hell possessed me to sit in Ten Forward and stare at 
Ensign Basewell's butt? With Deanna sitting there next to me! 
Basewell is only a year or two older than Wesley! I'm ogling little 
boys, for God's sake. Of course, he does have a nice ass; the kind 
you want to grab or drum your heels against. Did Deanna know what I 
was thinking (or worse, feeling)? Probably, but I bet she just thinks 
the whole thing is funny. Hopefully no one else noticed.

Enough! I'm just not going to get any sleep. Good-bye pajamas!

Ohhh that feels wonderful. There were times today when I was sure 
everyone could see them, straining at my uniform top. Thank God for 
the lab coat! I wonder if *he* noticed them at breakfast. Oh no, why 
does this always happen? Why do I always think of him? What would his 
hands be like; would they do what mine are doing? And his mouth, 
would he move from one side to the other, nibbling and licking 
until...

Ahhh...I'm so wet. I've been wet all day; it's embarrassing. No don't 
rush it...take it slowly, carefully..think of...what? His hands doing 
this to me...slowly touching me...sliding around my wet opening...oh 
yes...like that... And his mouth; he's got to be good at that, I'll 
bet he loves to go down on women...What would that tongue feel like? 
Ohhh I'm sooo close...and he's right here...face buried between my 
legs...his tongue is right there...

"Ohhh...God....Ahhhh....!"

Oh, that was wonderful, but one just isn't going to be enough 
tonight. Decision time; do I dig one of the toys out of my drawer or 
make do with my hands? Hmmm...hands are nice, but...OK, it's toy 
time. Let's see, not the vibrator right now. Tonight I want to be 
completely filled up, so it's my trusty polymer dildo to the rescue.

And what would *they* think if they knew that I have thoughts like 
this? Well Deanna would hardly be surprised; Data would ask me to 
explain, in detail (God, there's an odd thought); Will would just 
grin one of *those* grins of his;  both Geordi and Worf would look 
truly embaressed and realize that they needed to be someplace else in 
a hurry. And *Himself* (as O'Brien used to call him)? What would he 
think? Do I really want to dwell on that right now?

Enough...dig through the mental database grab a fantasy at random. 
Holodeck sex...right after Geordi's promotion...aboard the good ship 
_Enterprise_ of 1812...*they* have all gone, and it's only us and the 
ship and the sea.  I'm leaning over the railing looking at the ocean 
flow by and then suddenly I feel his hands on my hips; he's pressed 
up against me. I arch my back and I feel it, that nice big cock of 
his, nudging my ass. Whenever we're dressed in these uniforms, I keep 
sneaking peeks at it, it's so lovely. Damn good thing StarFleet 
uniforms are less revealing.

His hands have moved up to my jacket and we're both tugging at 
buttons. Then on to the vest; in our hurry, a button goes flying to 
fall into the sea. Now his hands are holding my breasts through the 
thin linen shirt. Oh yesss...his fingers are rolling my nipples as I 
squirm back against his cock with my ass. My own hands are fumbling 
at my trousers; thirteen buttons how stupid! His hands reach down to 
pull the trousers down and then he's hurriedly pulling his own 
trousers off as I step out of mine.

Those hands are coming at me from behind now, and I spread my 
legs...oh yes..oh...I'm so wet...I'm dripping all over his fingers 
and they're sliding into me with no resistance...God I'm soo hot...

"Oh yesssss....just fuck me now..."

That voice, that wonderful incredible voice whispering in my ear, *Of 
course, Ma Belle*. I'm gripping the railing with all my strength as 
he slides it into me. Oh God...it's so big...but it's OK...I'm so wet 
and so incredibly ready that it goes all the way into me with no 
problem...big and thick...completely filling me up...oh 
yess...ahhhh....I'm close...and he's moving in perfect 
rhythm...lovely rhythm...a hand on my breast pinching my nipple...the 
other hand buried in my cunt, fingers sliding over my clit... Oh 
please...just...now...ohhhh yesss...and I'm...

"OOHHH GOD...OH CAPTAIN...JEAN-LUC....YEESSSS!!!!"


Mmmmm...that was incredible...that one always does it for 
me...ahhh...even the aftershocks are good.

Of course now I fell just a little silly, here on the bed with my 
face pressed into the pillow and my butt in the air with this...thing 
buried inside me. I probably look like some holo-vid sex star. So why 
do I wish he'd walked in while I was doing this? Why do I wish he'd 
heard me screaming out his name when I came? Why do I dream of waking 
up in the middle of the night to find him here touching me? Why am I 
so afraid? No, no, those questions are dangerous; don't ask, don't 
even think them. Just get that thing out of you, climb out of bed, 
put your pajamas back on...

Maybe someday...

Oh  well, at least now I'll be able to sleep.


The End
