Copyright 1997   GoDSpiT.   ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





"Nuclear"  

Part One

by GoDSpiT





". . .as of now no confirmed events have been placed inside our outside of the regional area of this radiostation.  We do know that we have lost contact with many of the citizens of the surrounding area.  We do not know how many people in America have survived the nuclear strike.   Nor do we  know which areas were hit and which area's have no contamination at all.    This is Allen Richard's signing off, if in an hour we still have power  Rock 101 will make another announcement on what is going on here in. . ."



Authors Note:  This story starts out slow and I don't know how many real sex scenes there will be so be patient with the story and if you don't like it then please read another story somewhere else.   This story is a piece of hard work for me and I like the idea of it.    Plus it is very interesting for anyone who likes stories about sex and love with a small drop of sci-fi involved.   This story is not as long as most of the other things that I write.   When I started to write Nuclear I knew that it would not be as long as other thing that I am writing.   The reason why is that it is less involved with its characters and does not have as much to say as my other stories do.     This is a story about a family that finds itself among the chaos of a dying world.    And its not long because I feel that if it was a long drawn out story that it would just bore people away because it would very much lack sex scenes and any sexual desires in it.   The story is not only one about sex but one about love and well responsibility.     So I made it a short novella and am leaving it at that for now.  If at anytime I decide to add on to it I will.  If someone else ever fills compelled to add on to it then they can contact me though Mr. Double with the ideas that they want to add on to it and I will see what I think of them and if I will allow them.   This is the first story I am doing this with and it might be the last.   This story does touch a cord somewhere and where ever that is I hope that everyone who reads it thoroughly enjoys the story.   - - -GoDSpiT 1997

Nuclear
by:  GoDSpiT

They are the last family left alive in a section of America that was protected from a nuclear holocaust caused by terrorists.  The holocaust did not only hit America, the whole world was destroyed.  Only some survived and all the survivors  know nothing about any other survivors.   The only question remains. . .what happens to a family when they have no other choice?




The year is 2020
Part I.

Chapter I.

It happened at 12 in the morning on July 4.  Perhaps that is an ironic date in US history.  Perhaps it is more than just ironic.  It is one of the most celebrated days in US history and it is the day that everything fell apart.   Billy was out in the front yard when the sirens went off.   They had heard rumors about other parts of  the United States falling victim to nuclear attack but they did not know that anything would happen so close to them.   Billy's family lived on a farm that had just recently been bought by the family.    They were still in a state of paying for the land, but a new feature had been added a feature that Billy's father had added to the house because he was sure that a nuclear attack would eventually strike again.  And if it did he wanted to be prepared.    So the house and 10 acres of land had all gotten this treatment a defense shield that was used on an American base in Nevada, a field that would protect this base from nuclear holocaust .   The base was Area 51 America's most selective base that hides their most secretive items.

So the family was protected and they survived while everyone else in the city and town was destroyed.    Billy was sitting on the couch when the nuclear attack finally arrived.   Everyone else was home.  His mother who was 29, his father 34,  His four sisters,  Heather 10,  Winter 8, Alison (Ali for short) 14, and Cynthia 12,   Then their was Billy himself aged at 17.    Of course this was not the only part of the family living in this house.   Nope they could never have survived with only that amount of family.   It was a huge house with well over 24 bedrooms,  most  had been added on later by his father and himself.   They had two aunts and uncles living in the house also along with all their kids.    Aunt Beth and Uncle Chris both aged at 37 years of age having three kids two boys one girl her name was  Kristen and she was only 6 years old.   The boys were Steven and Adam,  Steve was 12,  Adam was 14.  Then came Uncle Willam and Aunt Margaret who were both 26  years old (Will was the youngest of the three kids on his mothers side, his father was an only child).   They had four kids two girls two boys.   The girls were named  Catlin and Amanda.  One was 11  years old, the other one was 14 years old.   The boys were both younger.  They were named Robert and Allen they were twins and only 9 years old.  That was Billy's family.

The nuclear war did not surprise anyone.  For one thing it was not countries doing anything but people hired by Sadam Hussain to destroy all the countries in the world.  Some called him the Anti-Christ because of this but Billy knew better he was just a power hungry bastard out to destroy what he could never have.   The family and  a few others like it across America were all that remained of the American  Population.   They were the last hope of repopulation but all were spread out from each other.

Billy had had a girlfriend before it all happened.   She had been his girl since the beginning of the school year.  Her name had been  Nicole.   She had been so beautiful.  With long blonde hair that went down to her nice soft small ass, two small little perky titties that he loved to hold on to when she rode him  while they fucked.   A nice pussy though Billy sometimes thought that it had too much blonde hair on it.  He often wondered why he like bare little pussies better than the hairy ones that he always gotten.  Maybe it had something to do with his first girlfriend.

He had had her when he was 12 years old.   They had lived in New York City at the time and in a city like that you grow up fast being surrounded by all the crime and criminal elements of that city.    She had been flat chested like most of the girls in their class.  But her chest or her skinny beautiful body had not attracted Billy to her.   What had attracted him had been her round small little girl ass, her beautiful green eyes, and her personality. . .all came in reverse order though, her personality had been his favorite thing of hers.   They had not lost touch.   They had never gotten the chance to stay together either, because she died along with her parents and  younger brothers in a car accident when she was 14.

Billy still remembered the first time he saw her,  she was walking down the hall with a few of her friends.  It was the second  year of  Jr. High school and not many people had really steady relationships because they were all still too young.  Billy had just moved to New York so he had no friends really. She had been walking with her friends and her dark brown hair had been tied up in the back and pulled away from her beautiful face.   She was the skinniest of all the three girls  with lanky legs, and long arms that were really thin.  Sometimes Billy thought she could have been the poster girl for people who were too thin at her age.   But Billy had always loved her body,  though all of its formations.   He knew her name she was in his first period class which was math and the first day that school had started.   The teacher had said her name and Billy remembered it from that day till forever.   Michellle.

He had been to shy to walk up to her in front of all her friends and ask her if she wanted to hang out sometimes.  In fact the way that they got closer was kinda a different way than he ever got close with any other girl.  It had been after third period.   He had gone to the library to find something stimulating to read.  Something besides the school text books or required books.   He had sat down at one of the library tables with a book that he found sort of interesting and he had opened it up and started to read the first two chapters to see if he would really like it. . .when she walked in.

Billy did not see her though, he was to engrossed in the book and liking it.  In fact by the time that she got in he was on the third chapter.   She sat down across from him,  Billy still is not really sure why she sat down in front of him but she did.   She cleared her throat at him and Billy looked up at her beautiful green eyes for the firs time.   They were hypnotizing, they were so beautiful with small black flecks in the green.   He still looked  hoping to find another girl with eyes like hers.   She smiled at him and Billy blushed lightly.  Then she talked,  "I came over here because the librarian said that you had the copy of the book I was looking for."  

Billy blushed slightly and stammered,  "You. . ..you can g. . .go ahead and rea. . .read it first if you. . .wa. . .want."    

She smiled and said,  "you should get that problem fixed."

Billy remembered that he had tried to not stammer the second time but some of it still came out the wrong way,  "I don't usually stammer like that. . .i.  ..it just happens  some. . .times when well ne. . .never mind."   

She had smiled then and said,  "Hi,  I'm Michelle.  I think we are in first period together."

Billy had nodded and said,  "Yeah we are.  Hi I'm Billy."   

"Nice to meet you."   She paused for a few minutes and said,  "so were you serious about letting me read the book first then you read it?"    Billy had nodded and handed over the book to her.   She had smiled and said thank you then gotten up and said,  "Maybe I will see you around sometime."   He had nodded and said goodbye as she walked away.   He had felt like an idiot when she left.   He had actually stammered something he had not done since third grade.

Chapter 2

That was not where it ended though.  Billy remembered that over the next few weeks they would sometimes meet in the library during lunch which was after third period.   They were not planned meetings though.   She finished the book in  a week and just happened to run into him in the library on the day that she was returning it.   Billy had been in there hoping that she would be in the library and return the book.  Not only so that he could read it but so that he could see her again.    At first he thought that she would not remember him but when she saw him sitting a table in the room reading a book that he had read three thousand times.  He had looked up when she came in,  her presence could be felt in any room he was sure of it.     After she gave the librarian the book to check it in she had looked over at him and smiled.   Actually smiled.   

Michelle did not walk like the other girls her age, trying to perfect that popular girl attitude.  She walked like a normal girl.   Her hair that day had been tied up in a french braid and she had come over to him holding the book and sat down in front of him.  He had put his book down and looked over at her into her green eyes again.   "I thought you might be in here again today.  Yesterday and the day before I saw you walk into the library and I figure that you spend every day in here after you eat lunch."    Billy only smiled and nodded.   She handed him the book and said,   "its yours now I hope you like it I did."   Then she had gotten up and left the room.   

That night Billy opened the  book and found a piece of folded paper in the book.   He thought that it was her bookmark and he wanted to see if she had drawn anything on it.   It had ended up being a note.   He still had the note in his room to this day and he sometimes would read it.  Of course if any of his other girlfriends were to ever know his obsession with Michelle after all these years they would never talk to him, so he never told.  The note had said:

Billy,   I hope this does not sound like a cheep shot or something
but I am too shy to actually do this in person and I can tell that you are 
also.  So I am going to do it like this.
I hope you don't mind.
I like you a lot Billy Macentire.  You are so handsome, and so interesting to talk to
and even though I don't know a lot about you I want to know more
I am  having a party tomorrow night, and I want you to come and be my date. 
Your Truly,
Michelle McAdams

So Billy had decided then and their that the next day he would hand her his own note.   And he did.  The exact words had faded away over the years but Billy did remember that he said that he liked her a lot also and that he wanted to know her better also.   So they had gone out together.  But not before her party.    It had been a great party lost of people and loud  music.  But Billy did not see most of the party.  He was upstairs in her parents room.  They were not making out!  They were talking about everything and anything that came to their minds, the sexual relations started later.   They talked about where he lived before New York where she lived before New York and they talked about how both loved books and what they loved to read, and anything else.

It had been five months later on her 13 birthday that they first explored each others bodies.   Even by that time she was still flat chested.   Billy remembered looking at her naked body, with its hairless little pussy, her small hard nipples her long skinny legs.   Everything about her had been beautiful that night, and he remembered her studying his hard erection and the hairs that were starting to grow around.  He remembered her tight pussy sliding around his hard cock.  They had nothing to worry about she had not even begun her period.  She had never even had one.  While most girls her age were starting she had not even begun to grow any of the requirements.

It was a year  later that it happened.  Two days after her fourteenth birthday.   Michelle had not changed much she was still flat chested though Billy suspected that her tits were going to start growing soon.  She was still hairless on her pussy and they fucked often.   It was around 8 p.m. that it happened.   The family had been going out to dinner and well a drunk driver swerved and hit the car knocking them into a tree and setting the car on fire.   The driver just drove away and everyone and everything in the car was burned to a crisp.   Billy had been in a horrible depressed mood for days on end and he had never really gotten over it. . .gotten over her.   And  now here it was the end of the world and she still would never be around with him again.

Chapter 3.

Alison walked from her room in the back of the house and into the kitchen she had a lot o feelings to sort out today.  It was a weird feeling knowing that you could not leave the property and go into town and talk to your friends and even going to school was starting to be missed.   Alison did not like the feeling that she was getting , the feeling of loneliness.   It was isolation sickness as her mother called it.  It would fade slowly as the time passed.  It had only been four weeks and already it felt like years and today alone felt like months.   Ali hated having only her family to talk to .  So many of the family members were pushovers and didn't have anything to say that she wanted to hear.

Her family was so much like any other family that she had ever known.  But there were differences.  Things she had noticed that had probably been going on for years but she had never noticed before she was isolated with them.    For one thing some of her cousins were becoming quite handsome and good-looking.   She also noticed her uncle watching the way that she walked maybe looking for signs of her developing womanhood.   Ali didn't know if she liked the fact that he was looking or if it disturbed her to the core.  Which ever way it was it really didn't matter because she was sure that nothing would ever happen.   The family was too liberal and  too much in with the scene that family should not do anything with family.

Ali sometimes imagined that her cousin Adam was looking at her tight body her little breasts, her small ass.  She sometimes dreamed of what it would feel like his hard cock going into her soft virginal pussy.   Ali was one of the few girls in the house above the age of 13 that was still a virgin.   The real reason for it was that she had never felt the need to go all the way with any boy not even the one  boy that had seen her totally naked.  When he had asked her if he could fuck her she had said that seeing and touching was all that they would do, no fucking.   When asked she had told him that she was not ready to  be a non-virgin.   Ali did not regret it or fear a death of dying a virgin.   But what frightened her the most about everything going on was a dream she kept having.  A dream of her daddy coming into her room pulling her shirt up and looking at her developing tits and pushing his tongue around on them and then going lower and lower.  .  .every time she had this dream she woke up with a start and felt her hand caressing her wet, very wet pussy.

The dream scared her because she wanted her father to do these things to her.   She wanted to feel his baby-maker deep in her body making a child within her womb.   She wanted to watch her belly expand with her fathers child.   She wanted to see the child come out of her body.  She wanted her own child to have her grandfather's baby.   It scared Ali, it made her fearful of what was happening to her in isolation.  But deep down she knew it had nothing to do with isolation.  It had to deal with the fact that Ali was attracted to her father, and her cousins even the youngest boy.    Even her brother in  a way though she like everyone else knew that his heart would always belong to a dead girl a girl that he could only reach from beyond the grave.   

Alison pushed the thoughts of her family from her mind as she looked out the kitchen window.   She could just imagine the people out of the protection of this families house and what was happening to them.  They were all dying a horrible death a death that no one would be able to recount ever in the history of the human race.   Humans would no longer rule the Earth as they destroyed it.   Alision pushed  those thoughts from her mind also and turned around when Adam walked into the room.    He was wearing a pair of boxer shorts and no shirt.   

Alison herself was not exactly totally dressed.   She was wearing a long shirt that went down to her knees and a pair of panties.    At first she did not notice that Adam was looking at  her small round breasts or her long legs.    All she noticed was that his cock which had been soft when he walked into the room was growing larger by the minute in his boxers.   When she noticed him looking at her body in the revealing shirt she slightly  blushed and excused herself and ran up the stairs to her room.  He had been looking at her Alison was  sure.   Maybe it was not going to be so uninteresting after all.   She thought and then she smiled as she pulled the shirt over her head to look at her thin young fourteen year old body in the mirror thinking of Adam's hands touching her body.

Chapter 4.

No one in the house paid attention to Winter.  She supposed that it was because she was 8 and not the youngest but not quite old enough to get a hole lot of attention.    Sometimes she thought that their were to many people in the house.    That if it had been only her part of the family (her mother, father, brother, and sisters) then the house wouldn't have been so crowded.   But then again she could not imagine not seeing her relatives ever again that would be too sad.   She already missed her friends who were not here.   She missed running in the fields around the school or listening to the teachers teach. . .yeah boring usually but when their is nothing else. . .well also their was something strange starting in her house that Winter found interesting.

At first she had thought nothing about her older cousin Steve going into his bedroom around midday.   She wondered why he would want to take a nap at that time.  He was much to old for a nap.   Then her suspicions got even deeper when one day she was wearing a short little school girl dress with socks pulled up to her knees and sometimes she noticed that if she accidentally showed her panties and he was looking over at her Steve's face would get uncomfortable.   She wondered what was wrong with him?   She knew he was a boy and liked looking at girls but surely not looking at Winter herself she had no body to be looked at.

When he excused himself from the movie and went upstairs Winter decided to follow him.   She walked after him far enough and he went into his bedroom closing his door.   She waited a few minutes before she cracked the door open a crack.   He was on his bed and had was looking at a magazine facing away from her.   She quickly snuck into the room and into his open closet facing at the end of the bed.    She hid in the back of the closet behind a pile of dirty clothes and waited for something to happen.   She noticed that he was looking at a magazine that she had seen on the coffee table.   It was a Sears catalog and he was looking at the little girl section.    She watched as he dropped the magazine and stood up.   He stood plain in her sight of view as he looked at the door and said,  "good thing no one came by yet.  God I can't believe I left it open even a crack."   He walked over and closed the door then went back close to his bed and he did something that totally surprised Winter at the time.

He pulled his shirt over his head and revealed his skinny boy chest and then he pulled down his pants and a pointy thing was sticking up from his underwear.  He pulled his underwear off and revealed a hard little hairless stick sticking up from two round balls in a sack.    Winter was in complete shock.   He stroked the hard little cock and said in a whisper,  "Oh yes Winter oh yes baby stroke that hard cock stroke it honey get daddy cumming."   Winter was in shock he had said her name.   He laid down on the bed then and stroked his organ in her plain sight of view.   It did not take the pre-teen boy long to begin cumming his white cum spurted from the hard organ and the boy sighed as his cock slowly went soft and he cleaned it.   Winter watched until he was dressed and had left the room.    She wondered what the white stuff had been and she had meant to find out.

The next day she snuck into Adam's room early and into the closet waiting for him to go back into his room and do it again.  He did so.   He was laying on the bed jerking himself when Winter's curiosity over stole her fear.   She stepped out of the closet and walked forward until she was right at the end of the bed starring at him jack-off.   She stood their starring until he noticed her.     His eyes had been closed for a few minutes and when he opened them he totally stopped jerking  his hard cock and just held it in his hand as he looked at Winter standing before him.

She was truly to Adam the most beautiful girl in the world.   Dark black hair that went down to the middle of her back.  Two dark Blue-green eyes,  a beautiful turned up nose.   A small mouth and a round little ass.   She was the most beautiful girl that he had ever laid eyes apron.  And now here he was jacking himself off while she had been watching the whole time in the closet.   He was in shock and just stared back at her eyes.  But her eyes were not on his, they were on his hard cock and his hand wrapped around it.   "Wha. . .what are you doing in here Winter?"   He asked trying to form the correct words to say to her.   He was fearful that she was going to run out of the room and tell someone about what she had seen and heard.

Adam's face began to turn red as he remembered the words he had said as he stroked his cock.  Calling her name telling her to jerk him off.  He was scared that Winter would ask him why he would do something like that.  Why he would say that stuff for her to do when she was not even there.   But Winter was not interested in his reasons for calling her name.   She had already figured that part out.  He wanted her; for what Winter did not quite understand yet but she wanted to find out.  She wanted to feel something that she had a feeling that Adam could give her.   She could not explain the feelings that came over her at the moment, but she decided to act upon it before he got scared and sent her away.

"What were you doing a few minutes ago Adam?   And why do you do it everyday?"   

Adam briefly wondered before he answered; how many times had she watched him.  "I. . .I was jerking off Winter.  I was masturbating.  I was relieving my. . .relieving myself. "  He blushed a full red face and closed his eyes embarrassed by what she was asking.  

"But I don't understand;  why do you do this?  I want to know why you. . ."  Here she paused trying to figure the words that she wanted to say to make him  understand that she was not angry at him.  "I want to know why you always put me in the fantasy?"

Adam sat up in the bed and slipped on a pair of boxer shorts.   His hard cock was still sticking up in them and Winter could see it but she didn't say anything about him putting his clothes back on.  "I suppose it started about a week ago, when I saw you in your bedroom changing clothes.  I didn't mean to walk into the room and see you it just happened.  I have always been a little bit attracted to you Winter but this was beyond my belief.   Here I was looking at  one of the most beautiful bodies in the world.   Though it was not a grown up body.   I look at those magazines but they don't do anything.   They don't make me exciting.   I don't like little girl bodies.   I'm not like others in this family who hide their secrets.   You are my dream and I want you to grow up and have a beautiful body.   I can wait.   But I also wouldn't mind having you now."

Winter sat down beside him on the bed and said,  "I don't understand what you were doing Adam.  I don't understand why you find me exciting.  I am nothing but a flat chested  little girl who is only 8 years old and  ignored by everyone.      I understand about attraction.  Most girls my age do, but  I never thought that  someone I liked who was so much older than me like you would ever well.  . .uh. . .find me attractive."   Winter bowed her head and did not look up.   Adam gently put an arm around Winters shoulder and brought her closer into his side.   She was softly sobbing.

"Winter,  I am very attracted to you.   Not for your body though it is beautiful very beautiful and every day it grows more beautiful.  More than that I am attracted to your mind.   Which is still shaping itself but I see the person that you will become the person that I could love and be with forever hopefully.   And when I get sexually excited by you showing your body off to me in accidental ways I come up here and dream of a life with  you."

Winter stared at his face for a few seconds before she smiled softly and said,   "You don't have to dream anymore Adam."   She paused for a few seconds and then said,  "Over the last month this holocaust has changed us survivors.  It has made us all older than our ages."   She smiles and lays her head on his shoulder.

Chapter 5

Billy was not sure what was happening to his family.   It had now been two months of isolation.  He was still adjusting and he was seeing more maturity in his  younger sisters.  So much that sometimes it scared him to death.   His sister Winter most of all.  She seemed to be in her late teens in personality (which by the way before the isolation was close to early teens)  and she was growing in personality daily.   The hardships and the strangeness of being isolated was slowly not driving any of them insane but changing all of them.     The supply of food was being asked by  a few and Billy's father had answered them all with the simple words:  "We have enough land and enough storage below to last us for about 200 years if  need be.  The family was uniting.   Billy saw strange things starting to happen.    His cousin Steve for example was caught by Billy more than once looking at Billy's sister Ali.    His other cousin Adam seemed to be spending a lot of time with Billy's sister Winter though they did nothing but talk so it seemed.   

Billy did not understand what was going on in his house.  He had caught his father looking at the youngest of all the children little six year old Kristen.   He had caught both of his uncles looking at all the girls that were pre-teens.   Billy did not understand why his family was doing this.  Why they were changing so much.  His mother was caught by Billy looking at his cousins.   The other two women were caught looking at each other often enough and sometimes both blushing.   Billy was the only one who did not look at another or do anything else.   He did not see the interest in it.  He did not like anyone that way or any other way except for one girl and she was long dead now.

He sighs and thinks back to another time.  A time when he was 15 and had caught one of the most unbelievable acts going on in his parents bedroom.   His mother had been away for the weekend and Billy was sure that this was not the first time that his father had done what he was doing in the room.   Though Billy was sure it was the first time his sister  Heather had been at the act.

She had only been 8 at the time and as beautiful as she was today.   She still had the long blonde hair that she had gotten from their mothers side of the family.   She still had the beautiful green eyes and enchanting small nose and lips.   She still had the small round little girl ass and Billy supposed the hairless little pussy.   He had watched fascinated at what was going on before his eyes.   His father was totally naked a huge hard cock coming from between his legs (Billy's own cock had been hard also when he looked at his sister though he didn't understand why she was sexually appealing but not as much as Michelle had been)  And he watched as his father's cock was brought into her small mouth and he moaned her name enjoying the feel of her mouth on his hard large cock.   Then he had preceded to lay her on the bed and lick her until she was about to cum.   Billy watched as his father had fucked his sister.  He watched as he plunged the hard organ into her body (Heather had been on top).   

Billy had been in shock for days and he had told no one not even his mother who Billy would have told if he had thought she was in on the conspiracy.  But at the time he had not even thought she might have been.   Until this moment when he remembered something from a long time ago in the back of his mind.   Something that he had wanted to forget.   Something that his mother had done to him.  Not against his will but because they both had wanted it.

He had only been 8 and he was a good boy and his mom had caught him looking at his weewee in the bath and she had said that he was not suppose to study it.   She had touched it for awhile until it got hard and he had looked at it in wonder before she took him out of the tub and put his hard little 8 year old cock in her mouth.  He felt the hot mouth close over his hard small barely 3 inches long cock and he knew right then and there that he liked the feel of a mouth on his cock.   Billy had gotten a good feeling in his body and tingled all over.   When it had stopped his little boy dick had still been hard but his mother had pulled on a pair of underwear on him and said,  "never tell your father never!"  With that she had left and never done it again, though sometimes in the  months that followed Billy had wished that she would.    

Now Billy knew that the family was starting to change that things were starting to go out of control in the family.  Earlier that morning Billy watched as his mother pulled his cousin Allen into his bedroom and looked the door.   Billy had walked up to the door and listened to sounds of her undressing Allen and he knew that she was sucking on his little cock a few minutes later when the boy had said,  "That feel so good Aunt Crystal."

Billy was alone in this web of changes and he didn't know how he felt about it. . .why did everything always have to change he wondered briefly before he went into his room and took out a picture that he had kept all of these years.   A picture of his Michelle at her 14th birthday party.   Billy missed her most of all.  Out of everything that had happened in his life he wished he could reverse just one event. . .

Chapter 6.

Paul did not want his eyes to wonder around and look at Kristen.  He couldn't help it though.  Sometimes Billy's father could not help his eyes though.  Like when the girl wore short dresses or skirts that reveled most of her young thin legs.  Or when she smiled at him and her huge puppy dog brown eyes were begging for something.   Paul knew that he was in danger of falling and falling hard something that he had not let happen since his own daughters had all started to fill out with breasts and hair on their pussies.   Sometimes he still wished that his wife would let him fuck  his little girls but he knew that she would never let him do it again.   In fact it had almost ruined their marriage when she had watched an Opera show that showed the after effects of incest relationships.   So now Paul's bed was empty from sex and female contact.   Though sometimes he swore that his wife was looking at the twins.

Paul though did not expect for anything to come out of his looking at little Kristen.  He thought that it was a harmless looking that the girl did not even notice.  Boy was Paul wrong.   A few weeks after he had  been looking at her body he had been sitting in his room thinking over events of the day.   He had just seen for the third time that day alone Kristen walking around the house.    She was so beautiful and Paul wanted to just reach out and touch that beauty and hold her tight but he knew it was not to be.    A knock had come to his door and Paul had yelled, "Who is it?"

"It's me Kristen Uncle Paul can I come in."  

Paul quickly pulled up his boxers (he had been stroking his  hard cock trying to relieve it).  "Yeah sure come on in Kristen."   The girl opened the door and smiled when she saw him and walked over to where he was sitting on the bed.

She looked down at his boxers for a minute and she said,   "you know you don't have to do that I am sure that I am far better at doing it.    I am also sure that I will be able to make you feel really good Uncle Paul."   Paul stared at her in shock before the little girl slipped his hands on her legs and slide them up to the bottom of her panties.  "Come on Uncle Paul be creative.   I like a grown mans touch.  My daddy touches me all the time."    Paul could not believe the words coming from her lips.  He tried to dispel them but could not.   He let his hand slide up over the back of her panties and over the soft rise of her round ass.   

He slipped his hands around to the font of her panties and slow slides one hand down over the soft rise of her sex.    The girl that is now totally  in the control of her uncle's exploration's gives out a cry of joy at the touch of his hand as it sends electric shock currents though her body.    He slides one of his hands under the band of elastic at the top of her panties and slides it down until it reaches her small puffy pussy lips.  He slides his finger up and down what he can reach of the slit and the girl gives out a cry of pleasure.   Her pussy is slowly starting to get wet.   Paul can hardly believe what he is doing to his little niece.  He loves the feel of her pussy on his hand.  

At that moment he feels a small hand clasp around the head of his cock though his boxers.    He gasps out in surprise from the touch of this small hand on his already hard and close to climaxing cock.   He looks down and sees her little hand slipping now under the boxers and her hand touches his cock for the first time.   Paul's cock thrusts and throbs as her hand strokes it.  He continues to stroke her soft pussy getting the feel of the organ.   Then he slips his hands on both sides and slides her panties down until they are on the floor by her feet.  He pulls her dress up and reveals the bottom of her stomach and her little mound.   He smiles a smile of pleasure as he sees her sex organ. He slowly brings his mouth down to it and kisses it.   The girl stops stroking his cock and squeezes it as he kisses her small little mound.   

Paul pulls back and looks up at the girls face.  Her eyes are glazed over with pleasure her mouth is open and she is breathing hard.  Paul licks up and down what he can reach of her mound not quite being able to reach her small hole.   But he does feel her clit and he  circles around it.  The girl thrusts her pussy into his face as she slowly comes to a climax.  Her hand strokes his hard cock faster and faster.   He can feel his own climax coming and does not stop it.  As his sperm spills out gush after gush over her hand he sighs and she lets her own pleasure consume her.  Both of them lay down on the bed when their pleasure is spent and try to catch their breath.

Chapter 7.

Kristen was not done yet.  She wanted to feel her Uncle Paul's hard cock deep inside her pussy. Her father had never gone that far with her telling her that she was way to young even at six to have  intercourse.   Kristen didn't believe it for a second.  The truth of the matter was her father was scared of getting caught fucking her.   He could explain everything else.   "Oh I was just teaching her about it!"    Or he could just pretend that nothing was happening that she had tried to make him do it.    Kristen did not like her father anyways not the way that she liked Uncle Paul that is.    She rolled on top of him letting her small pussy land right on his tummy knowing that he could feel it.    "I want you to fuck me Uncle Paul please."

Paul looked into the young girls pleading brown puppy dog eyes.  He could not deny her anything.  Also he could feel his cock hardening for the feel of her pussy on his stomach.    He smiled and pulled his boxers down.     She could feel him getting into position.  Her pussy was already wet just from the idea of her  Uncle Paul fucking her.    He took his cock into his hand and guided it to her pussy.  She could feel the head of his cock at the entrance to her small hole and she sighed as he got ready.  "You read Kris?"   The girl nodded and he pushed.

Paul could feel the small hole going around his cock.  He could not believe that he was actually going into this small hole.  He could not believe that he was actually about to fuck this little girl.   He pushed his cock in harder hearing her grunt from the force of it all.   She was so small and tight.  Smaller than any girl that he had done before.   Paul could feel that his cock was getting close to exploding and he wasn't even in half of the way yet.    He again pushed his cock and felt her small hymn.   Paul wondered why  she still had a hymn if she wasn't a virgin.  Maybe her father had never gone in all the way.   

Paul pushed again and again and felt the small skin covering break.    Kristen was in considerable pain but she was so close to cumming that she could not feel the pain right now.   She let her self start to go over the edge.   Her little pussy starts to milk the top half of her uncles cock which is now buried in her small girl pussy.   Paul pushes one more time before he also goes over into orgasm from her milking pussy.    He feels gush after gush of his sperm enter into her small body.   He tries to stop his cock but can't.   None get out of her pussy.   The hole is full of cock and the only place that the sperm can go is up,  right into her womb.   Though Paul did not fear getting his niece pregnant he did fear if anyone found out.   

When his cock had deflated enough he pulled it out and laid Kristen down on her back.  He spread her legs and looked at the damage he had done.   Her pussy had a few small drops of blood on it and Paul wiped it off.  He looked at her face.   She was in pain and he kissed her lips softly.   Paul cleaned off his cock and then said,  "are you okay Kristen?"

"I will be okay Uncle Paul.   I just never knew that losing my virginity would hurt so much."

"uh. . .you.  ..uh mean that this was your first time at intercourse?"    The girl nodded slightly and Paul sighed at himself.   'how could I do this to her. . .she is so young and beautiful.   What have I done.'   "I am sorry Kris  I  didn't know.  I thought you weren't a virgin and that you wanted me because you were attracted to me and you wanted me to make love to you.  If I had known you were still a virgin I would have been more careful and gone slower."

Kris smiled and said,  "You did it right Paul  don't worry.  I am very happy.  I may only be six but I understand a lot thanks to my father."   With that the girl fell asleep.   Paul did not follow he was to scared someone would find them in their bed of love and kill Paul.

Chapter 8.

Winter felt Steve's hand wonder down over her naked tummy and down under the sheets to her covered pussy.  She spread her legs and let him explore the hairless slit and she sighed in pleasure as he continued his exploration.   Winter liked the feel of Steve's hand on her pussy.    She looked over at his body and noticed that his cock was already hard again from when they had finished earlier.   She had stroked him off until he came and now he was returning the favor.   Winter slowly leaned her head down until she was almost even with the hairless cock and she slowly took the small organ into her mouth and sucked on it.   Steve gave a huge groan as the girl did this and his finger went into her hole.

A few seconds later she took her mouth off of his cock and she said,  "I am ready  Steve I am sure."  The boy only smiled as she spread her legs wider.   He slowly climbed on top of her and guided his hard cock towards her small hole    Winter could not believe that she was actually going to have the cock of one of the most  handsomest boys in the world in her body in a few seconds.   She fells his small organ enter into her smaller hole and he grunts and she groans as he hits the wall of her hymn.    He pushes again and breaks though the barrier.   Winter gives a small cry of pain as Steve pushes again.   He tries to stop but he is now beyond control.  

Winter thrusts back with her lover.  The pain in her body was slowly receding and she like the feel of his small organ in her body.  Both thrusted and pushed and pulled and both of them were grunting and moaning and calling each others names as his cock reached climax in her pussy and both of them started cumming.   Steve landed on top of Winter, both of them finished cumming and their sweating bodies met in ever fashion.   Steve kisses Winter on the lips deeply their tongues meeting.

For about two weeks now they had been getting closer and closer to this moment and now here they were making love for the first time of many.   Steve rolls over with Winter now on top so that his weight would not hurt her.   He said in her ear as she fell asleep,  "I love you Winter."   She smiled and said the same before she fell asleep.    Steve's dream was coming true he was with the most wonderful girl in the world and he loved it.

 End Part I.

Part II: coming soon:  What to expect in part to of this short novella:  How the whole family finds that what Steve and Winter, Paul and Kristen, and Cystal with her twin nephews.   How will it all change and what about Billy is there a secret he doesn't know about himself?   Stay tuned to find out.






--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

