 NUCLEAR AGE COWBOY
 By Mad Dax.



	A man with a funky gas mask and a cowboy hat tied loosely about his
neck rummaged through a backpack in the still air.  The radio at his feet
crackled to life:

 "Hey, hey, hey people!  This is outlandish radio for the outland, backcountry,
non-urban, rural luving bunch of warm bodies out there.  Dee dee da dot dee..
News?  Todays the 896th day since the ... "accidental" firing of all Russia's
nuclear weapons.  Ack.. acidental!?  Yeah, that gets me everytime too!  

  Lets see.. Weather?  Well, its sunny in the sun and colder in the shade. 
And now for a public announcement.   Today Governor Kline request that everyone
do their part to help clear the freeways and push atleast five cars off the
road. . ."

	The man moved to switch off the radio.

	John was a bounty hunter.  Not the low down, dirty, back stabbing kind
you hear about.  No, he was a good honest man who loved nothing better than
bringing in bad guys and getting paid.  It was just like hunting animals to
him, but how much more stimulating!   Besides Bounties were a valuable part
of everyday life in the brave new world.  The government could no longer
afford to support standing police forces or armies.  It was all the local
commonwealth could do to keep a radio station and a few old microwave relays
going.

	John had been tracking a young indian girl, accused of stealing a horse
for over two days now.  It was getting embarassing for him.  How would it
look if he was out foxed by an 18 year old girl?

	As he packed away his portable propane oven and kicked out the last
dying embers of his campfire, the sky exploded in lightning and thunder.  Rain
begin to trickle down, then pour in torrents.

	John quickly pulled the hood of his parka over his head and
stepped into a stirup before heaving himself onto the back of his powerful
horse, Judge.  As the wind howled and rain thundered all about driven in the
wind, John gently steered the horse onto the street.  Judge wagged his head in
a vain effort to shake loose the clamy feeling gas mask.

	A cloud of water rose up from the road ahead, it was raining so
heavily.  Still John plodded along, horse and all, following the nearly
obscured yellow line down the center of highway 99.

	All along the road, the dark imobile forms laid.  They were stalled
cars frozen for all time.  Thousands of them, with occupants that were never
gonna check-out.  

	John calmly navigated through the never ending graveyard.  This country
wasn't a good place for the squeemish to get lost in.  Especially not when the
lights were out, like now.  He could hardly see, for the water running down 
the visor of his air filtration mask yet he forced himself to keep on going.
There was no sense stopping now.  None.

	A few hours later the rain had begun to subside somewhat, but still
the sky was a spooky dark blue.  In the distance the form of a ranch or
barn begin to grow, as John grew nearer.

	When he was within shouting distance, John dismounted his horse and
fished the GPS locater out of a side saddle.   Consulting a map, he checked
his whereabouts.  Next he pressed the "sample" button on his fugitive wand.
The little device looked rather like a magican's wand.  A light pulsed along
its length at a rate familiar to John.

	"She's real close. . ", John whispered to Judge as if the horse cared.

	John fished under his parka and pulled out the .50 caliber high
intensity microwave handgun.  It looked just like a typical semi-auto 1911
style handgun of the 20th century.  Only the exterior was constructed of
a pure white plastic and there were no moving parts besides the trigger.

	After securing his horse, John attached a wire shoulder stock to the
butt of his handgun so it could be fired like a rifle.  He felt his hands
getting clamy like they always did before he went into battle.

	John took off his parka, leaving him in a cameo germ suit, with heat 
absorbing thermal body armor, air system and battery pouch, clipped to the 
belt at his hip.

	Expertly he belley crawled in a stealthy arc away from his horse
and towards the back of the farm house ahead.  Then he rose up and ran
10 yards, dropped and crawled some more.

	When he was within 20 yards of the structure John became a bit
nervous.   There had been no activity in the house.  Everything was just
too quiet.

	Unwilling to wait any longer, John yelled towards the house.

	"Bounty hunter!  Come out with your hands up!"

	And thats when John saw her.  The best looking woman he had ever 
laid eyes on.  She ran out of the house blindly, crying.  She had long
jet black hair, high cheekbones, a full figure including a nice pert thick
ass and healthy thighs.  All she was wearing were a pair of cutoff jeans,
and a knotted flannel shirt.

	John's jaw dropped as he laid eyes on her face.  It was the first
time he had seen a woman outside without a mask in nearly 2 years.  Her
golden bronze skin looked so damned healthy.

	Knocking himself out of the trance, John struggled to his feet and
chased after her.  As he ran behind the juggling, teasing  butocks of the girl
he felt a growing throb down between his legs.   It really hurt when he heard
the girl giggle.

	She was running, bare foot up a small hill and he was gaining.

	At the crest of the hill he caught her by the arm, and they both
tumbled over and down the gentle slope, landing in a heap.

	John felt himself blacking out but soon he was comming back around.
The girl was very close and saying something.   Why is it so dark?  John
wondered.   Then he realized that the girl's dark hair was hanging down
in front of his visor.   As his vision returned he could make her out
better in the dim light.

	"You broken, yes?", the girl said in a concerned voice.

	John tried to get up, thinking to handcuff his prisoner before she
could get away.  Instead of moving a spasim of pain shot through his body.

	"There, there.  You must rest.", she said in broken english.

	John felt helpless, but then he realized that his right hand was still
working.  He raised his handgun and pointed it at the girl.

	She gasped and looked at him in sheer terror.

	"Whats your name girl?", John asked between gasp for air.

	"Lannnnnnn ahhhhhh"

	John's cock throbbed in pain, twisted up between folds of his briefs.

	What would he do?  He certainly couldn't get back to his horse without
her help.  Yet how could he trust a fugitive?

	"Your mask?"

	John shook his head feebily as the girl reached down and struggled to
remove the visor.  But then it occured to him that breathing the `hot' air
wouldn't kill him if he didn't do it for more than a few days.  Rad levels
had dropped off in the sector quite a bit . . . .

	"In back.  There's a catch there. . ."

	The girl knelt down near his chest, giving him a good view of her
cleavage as she bent over to reach behind his visor.  There was a loud
click as she found the catch, and John felt some of the pressure on his
forehead and temples relieved.

	"Thank-you", he said.

	The girl smiled at John in a queer way.

	John's voice quivered as he peered at the full sensuous lips of the
young girl.

	"Here, put this on."

	John produced a plastic collar with a metal line attached to it.  The
girl looked quite disturbed by the prospect of wearing it, but a slight
movement of John's handgun convinced her.  She carefuly placed the plastic
collar on her dainty ankle where it was obviously a few sizes to large.

	John used his index finger and traced a special sequence on the
surface of the plastic.  After a few seconds it began to shrink until
it was a perfect fit.

	Suddenly John was struck by a wave of pain as feeling in his leg
returned.  It was bruised badly.

	"Oh!  Dear Gawd!", he cried.

	The girl saw the massive and impressive buldge in John's pants and
grinned wickedly.

	"I know how Lana help ease pain", she said.

	John's eyes watered as he fought off the pain and slowly started
to feel his cock growing again.  He noticed the girl was removing her top
and wiggling her ass.  She straddled him and lowered herself down.

	Her hand clutched at his massive schlong even through double ply
polymer and denim, stroking and spanking lightly.

	John resisted the she-devil's attempt to seduce and kill him, with
every fiber in his being.   He raised his handgun and aimed it at her
chest - point blank range.

	"Now.. Now cut that out!", he said with effort.

	She stuck out her long tarty tounge and slowly tounged the barrel
of his handgun.

	John felt he was being made a fool of.  But the throbbing in his
pants needed some relief so badly. . .

	"I'm warning you.. You.. You stupid bitch!  Now stop that, or I'll 
shoot!"

	The microwave gun is not a toy.  John had dropped many a 250 pound
fugitive at 20 yards with the weapon.

	John watched in fascination and mild shock as the girl laughed and
begin to swallow the whole front of his handgun.  The sound of air whistling
through the trigger mechanism told him she was blowing it too.  

	John pulled the gun away from her and holstered it.   She leaned
down and rested her massive tits across the thin material of his thermal
armor.

	He knew that having sex with a fugitive broke just about every rule
in the book, but hell:  was stealing a horse all that bad? 

	John placed his finger on the girls lips.  She tounged it lightly,
then engulfed it in her warm mouth, tounging and teasing it, tasting it,
loving it.  Soon he had three fingers in her mouth and was feeling her
breast up with his free hand.

	"I want you to suck me off, you fine motherfucking cunt!"

	The girl let his hand drop and immediately went to undo his pants.
After a bit of fighting with a well tied drawstring she had his massive
prong flying free as it were.

	John's enormous tool sprung out like a jack-n-the-box and bobbed
about with a life of its own for a bit.   The girl tried to catch it in
her hand but, John playfuly moved it making her fish around after it for
a bit.  Giggling, she finally caught it and suddenly became quite serious.
Her eyes closed and rolled briefly.

	She moaned and smiled widely before tasting the big gooy beed of
pre-cum which sat on the tip of his cock.  She moved her head away from
his cock so that he could see a thick line of pre-cum leading from her
lips to his cock.

	Then she was back at his cock, swirling her tounge about the head
of it, and slowly engulfing his whole shaft.


	"Oh.  Ah.  Yeah.  Thats it.  Oh yeah.  Ah.  Cocksucker... ah."


	John clutched her hair in his hands and pushed her down on him
even further.  The girl had taken his entire 9 inches like a flinstones'
vitamin.


	"Oh yeah, thats it you filthy cunt!  Suck it..... thats it.. Yeah!"

	John began to buck his hips hard while forcing the girl's head
into his massive fuck meat.  She slurped hungrily like the little fuckhorse
she was, munching and swallowing greedily.


	"Oh yeah, ah... suck it you stupid cunt!  Yeah.. fuck .. fuck!
	 fuck!  fuck!  fu fu fu fu fu FUCKINGCOCKSUCKINGDLEICOUSYOUSTUPIDCUNT!"


	John arched his back in pleasure and intense cumming anticipation.
His toes and fingers curled as he exploded and spewed 10 ounces of thick
pearl pudding into the girl's mouth.


	"Damn... You're a good cocksucker.. ooooooh  ahhhhhhhh!"


	She swallowed several times making loud base gulping sounds.  Still
John came and came, leaving her little choice but to let lots of his horse-like
volume fall on his belly.   But John would have none of that!


	"Lick it up bitch!  Lick it all up, you filthy little cunt!"


	She looked at him pleading, eyes watery.   But the look on John's
face told her to do it, or else.

	She lapped at the soiled cum on his belly and thermal armor, mixed
as it was with dirt from his clothes.

	John felt a new strength in his body suddenly, and after a few minutes
of rest he got up and forced his new toy on to all fours.

	He ripped the jeans from her tasty looking nether regions as cruely
as he could.  The zipper on the tight little jeans broke, the material ripped
and frayed.  What he dropped to her tasty, honey shaded knees couldn't be worn
again.

	She wimpered, both enjoying his savegry and fearing his anger at the
same time.

	John knelt behind her and rubbed the head of his flagpole on the
dripping wet lips just an inch beneath her perfectly formed shitter.

	Then without ceremony or pomp he thrust his entire 9 inches of
raw wrist thick meat into her cunt.

	She gasped loudly in shock and started to pant involuntarily and
wimper like a wounded dog as hetried to churn butter somewhere deep in her
cunt.

	After a few minutes John paused to rip off his sweat drenched body
armor and kick off his pants.  Then he was back at it, just as strong as
ever.

	He twisted her nipples till she screamed.  Still she didn't try
to run away.  And he knew she wouldn't.  There was even a smile on her
face as she cried.

	"Cum on you wound-up bitch!  Cum on, you an do it. . ."

	"Oh.. . ewwwwwww.  Fuck me master, please!  Harder!  Yes!"

	Slowly she begin to shudder, then breakout in a cascade of yelps
and trimmers until she collapsed onto the ground twitching in orgasim.
Still John fucked on, liking the grinding she was giving his prick.

	"Oh!  Oh!  Master!", she screamed.

	Then he begin to come deep within her.  He pulled out quickly and
let spray all over her gorgeous back.  His spunk was thick and much, so
like noodles it stuck to her back in long lines and puddles.

	"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh master!", the girl sputtered between tired gasp.

	As John's prick went limp he took his hands and massaged his spunk
into the young beauty's back, neck, biceps, buttocks and anus.

	Then he had to piss.  Piss bad.  So do you know what he did?

	The girl wondered what John was doing behind her when he stopped the
pleasant massage.  Next thing she knew a warm jet of liquid was power washing
her back, ass and legs.  Fluid running down her butocks into every crack
and cranny.

	John laughed loud and deeply behind her back.

	She turned over and saw that John was pissing liberally all over
her.  She screamed in protest and held her hands over her face.  But that
just attracted John's attention to her mouth.   He pissed in her mouth
and all over her breast, savoring how good it felt to mark her as his.

	"Please master?"

	John slapped her smartly on the thigh and smiled as he told her
what a fine pony she would make as his slave.
