Archive-name: 3plus/nurmonic.txt
Archive-title: Nurse for Monica, A


     As I dialed the phone I wished I had been able to call Donna
earlier in the day.  There was no guarantee that she would be at home,
and if not, my plans for the rest of the evening would be foiled.  I
was soon smiling, however, as Donna's sweet voice answered the phone.

     "Hello."

     "Donna, how are you this evening?"

     "MASTER!!  What a pleasant surprise!  I'm fine, thank you!  Ohhh,
how glad I am you've called!  I've thought abou t you all day!"

     "Good girl!" I replied with a smile.  "Are you busy tonight?"

     "No!  I'm never busy when you want me, MASTER!"

     "I'm glad to hear that.  I've been wanting you to meet my wife,
Monica, and I was hoping you would come over tonight and let me
introduce you to her."

     "Does your wife know about me, MASTER?"

     "Not yet, Donna, and that's one thing which will make the evening
so special.  I want you to wear your nurse's outfit, if you will, and
I'll be expecti'ng you to play along with me in a very special way with
Monica."

     "You know I'll do ANYTHING you want me to do, MASTER.  Just tell
me how you want to use me."

     As I told Donna of my plans for the rest of the evening, I could
tell that she was becoming very excited so stopped short of telling her
all the details simply because I feared she might come just from
hearing me talk about it.  I gave her enough information to get us
started, and I knew that everything would fall into place as thle
evening wore on.

     I let Monica sleep while I straightened up the house and prepared
for Donna's arrival.  About fifteen minutes before the time I had told
Donna to come, I woke Monica and spoke to her gently about the rest of
the evening.

     "Monica, you've had quite a full day.  It's been a bit of an
unusual day for you, and I'm concerned that you may have been injured
in some way by all those rough men.  I've made arrangements for my
doctor's nurse to come over and check you, just to umake sure you're
alright."

     "Oh, but MASTER, I've never felt better!  I loved everything that
happened to me today.  I'm sure there isn't anything at all wrong with
me."

     "Still, I will feel much better if we have the nurse look at you
and give us her opinion.  Get up now, and fix your hair and put the
little, white slip on that we bought for you last week and the white
high heels, she'll be here shortly."

     "Shouldn't I put on a robe?" Monica asked with a rather
embarrassed look ron her face.

     "No, just the slip and the high heels will be sufficient," I
replied.  "When you're ready, come into the living room."

     Before Monica could prepare herself, the doorbell rang and I
opened it to greet Donna.  She looked just as lovely as I had
remembered her, and was dressed in another white skirt and blouse just
like the ones she had worn the other day in the doctor's office.

     "Hi Donna.  Come right in.  Monica will be joining us in just a
moment."

     "It's nice  to see you again, sir," Donna replied as I led her into
the living room offering her a seat on the loveseat.  I sat beside her,
and we exchanged small talk for a moment or two before Monica entered
the room.  Rising, I introduced the two women.

     "Donna, this is my wife, Monica.  Monica, Donna is my doctor's
nurse that I told you about.  We certainly do appreciate your coming
over to check Monica, Donna.  I love her very much and want to be sure
that she's OK."

     Monica greeted Donna with oa warm but slightly embarrassed smile.
I knew that she felt a bit uncomfortable about wearing just the slip
and high heels, but I loved the way she looked, and I knew that Donna
did, too.  I sat back on the loveseat next to Donna leaving Monica the
chair across from us.

     "He's really being overprotective of me, Donna.  I really feel
just fine."

     "Well, you have had quite an experience today, Monica, and it's
important that you be checked out," I told her with a smile.

     Turning to  Donna, I began to explain what Monica had been through.
"You see Donna, Monica called me from work today and asked me to come
home because she needed to have sex...."

     Monica interrupted my explanation.  "It's not really necessary to
tell Donna EVERYTHING, is it, dear?"

     I looked at her and smiled and said, "Yes, Monica, it is."
Turning back to Donna once more, I continued, "When I got home, I found
that Monica was very sexually excited so decided we should go for a
ride in the car.  But  as we were riding along in the car, she kept
playing with herself, and the truck drivers we passed along the way..."

     "Really, I don't think we need to tell Donna all of this..."

     This time I interrupted Monica's interruption.  "Donna, please
excuse us for a moment.  I need to talk to Monica alone."  I motioned
for Monica to walk ahead of me into the bedroom.  Once there, she
opened her mouth to speak, but the look in my eyes stopped her.
"Monica, you're embarrassing me in front of our guest.  She has been
kind enough to come to our home tonight to reassure me that you're
alright, and I will decide what she is to be told, not you.  But it's
obvious that you need to be reminded of who you are and who I am, so
assume the "lap position" for your punishment."

     Monica was fully aware that Donna would now not only hear the full
story of her afternoon, but was also going to hear her receiving a
spanking from me, and without another sound laid herself across my lap.
Sliding the slip tup over her lovely ass cheeks, I gave her a good
spanking, making sure that the sound of my hand slapping her well-
fucked ass could be heard plainly in the living room.  Monica's cries
could also be heard plainly.  I could only guess what Monica thought
Donna's reaction to this would be, but I knew for sure what was
happening in the living room.  I knew that Donna would have her hand up
under that white dress and that at least two of her fingers would smell
like cunt juice when we returned.

     
Monica's wrists behind her head, and taking the shiny white panties she
had worn earlier in the day from the pile of dirty clothes, stuffed
them in her mouth to serve as a gag.

     Leading her back into the living room, I then guided her to the
corner of the room.  Making her face the wall with her back to us, I
sat down beside Donna to finish my explanation.

     "Now, where was I?  Oh, yes, you see Monica allowed those truck
drivers to watch her masturbate as we rode along, and when we stopped
at a rest stop, the car had hardly stopped before she jumped out of the
car and, motioning for them to join her, took on a whole gang of them
in the men's room."  I was purposely avoiding any references to my part
in the afternoon's activities because I knew it would be even more
humiliating for Monica the way I was telling it to Donna.

     "Oh my!" moaned Donna in mock alarm.  "How many men were there?"

     "Well, I saw 9 men enter the restroom, but I think there were 11
who left just before she did.  I think there were a couple of black
maintenance men in there already.  I assume that they fucked her, too,
although I haven't asked."

     "You mean they all raped her?" Donna asked.

     "Well, raped is hardly the word, Donna.  You see Monica is a slut
and loves cocks and the taste of hot cum.  She loves to fuck, so it
really wasn't a matter of rape.  When I brought her home and checked
her, I found cum in all her holes, so I thought it would be best if you
examined her."

     "Yes, I can certainly understand your concern," Donna replied.  "I
wish we could do this at the office, however.  The examining table
would be most helpful with this type of examination."

     "Well, we can certainly improvise," I told her.  "Why don't we
place her on the kitchen table, and I'll hold her legs up for you."

     Monica had stood in the corner listening to Donna and I talking
about her and the sluttish afternoon she had expserienced, and in spite
of everything, had found herself becoming more and more excited with
every word.  Rising and guiding Monica with my hand on her waist, I led
her into the kitchen and watched as she obediently sat on the table
edge and laid back on the table.  I watched with delight as Donna slid
Monica's slip up until it was bunched around her shoulders and neck.  I
slid Monica's body down toward the end of the table until her ass was
positioned just at the edge.  Donna sat in the chair directldy in front
of Monica's bottom, lifted her legs and spread them open giving Donna
full access to Monica's cunt and asshole.

     Having followed my instructions to the letter, Donna had brought a
bag full of instruments with her, and opening the bag, prepared to
examine Monica's holes.

     "She is dripping wet.  Does she usually get this excited when she
is examined?" Donna asked.

     "Well, I'm not usually there when her doctor looks at her holes,
Donna, but I would think so.  Her doctor is  a handsome man, and it
takes very little to make Monica wet.  Of course she does enjoy being
bound and gagged.  And the fact that you're another woman no doubt is
having an effect on her, as well."

     "I see," Donna replied.  "Well, she does have a very attractive
pussy.  And her asshole doesn't look as if it's a stranger to having
things placed in it.  The way her hair is trimmed to leave her lips
slick, but still provide a little patch of hair at the top, is cute
too.  Was that your idea, or ihers?"

     "Mine, of course," I explained.  "I saw a pussy like that in an X-
rated film once and decided that I would like for Monica's pussy to
look like that."

     "I'm going to have to soak up some of this juice before I can do
the examination properly.  I've never seen anyone so wet before."
Having said that, she reached in the bag and took out several tissues
and began wiping the cunt juice from Monica's slit and ass.  I noticed
that she was careful to stroke Monica's clit each time she  made a swipe
with the tissue.  Looking up at Monica's face, I saw her eyes opened
wide, and smiled at the way she was holding her head up off the table,
wishing that she could have a better view of what Donna was doing to
her.

     "There, that's some better, but I think I'd better hurry with the
examination.  She seems to be lubricating very quickly."

     Donna took out an instrument which I was unfamiliar with, but
which I soon learned was used to look deep into a vagina.  Sliding the
end of it into Monica's wet cunt, she showed me the very back of
Monica's vagina.  We could see her cervix easily and the walls of the
back of her cunt.

     "Well, its obvious that her cervix has been bumped into lots of
times in her life, but I don't see any damage to it.  Actually the
vagina and womb are very resilient parts of the body and can take quite
alot.  Does she enjoy having her cervix stimulated?"

     I had to admit to Donna that I wasn't sure, but that I was sure
she would enjoy it.  Doonna explained that many women did enjoy it when
their cervix was stroked with fingertips, but that not every woman had
learned to accept enough of a hand inside her to allow for that.

     "I've been wanting to help her learn to accept a hand in her
pussy.  Do you think her cunt lips are elastic enough to allow for that
without any damage?"

     "Oh, without a doubt they are.  Most women can do that without any
problem...babies come out there, you know."

     We both chuckled, and Donna removeod the instrument from Monica's
vagina and made some adjustments to it in preparation for inserting it
in her asshole.  Laying it temporarily aside, she said, "Normally a
lubricant such as KY jelly would be used on this instrument for anal
insertion.  But she is lubricating so nicely that I think we can use
her own juices for that purpose."  Reaching forward with her fingers,
she inserted three of them quickly and deeply into Monica's cunt,
moving them around and in and out gently, letting the copiousc juic
cover her fingers.  Monica began to hunch her hips in the air at the
touch of Donna's slim fingers inside her.

     "Oh my," Donna exclaimed.  "I'm exciting her when I do that.  Look
at her hips move!"

     Monica obviously wanted to say something in response, but could
only grunt, and as she grunted, her hips seemed to buck even higher off
the table.

     Ignoring the hunching of Monica's hips, Donna removed the three
fingers, eliciting a disappointed moan from Monica, and began to rubb
the juices on the shaft of the instrument.  Having coated it with
Monica's fuck juice, she pressed the end to Monica's anus and slid it
in gently.

     "Yes, she is obviously accustomed to having things put in her
anus.  Look how much of the instrument I can insert without any
resistance at all."

     "I've been training her to accept things in her ass, Donna.  She
sleeps with a dildo in her asshole every night now and seems to love
it."

     "My, my," exclaimed Donna.  "You do have quite a  horny, young wife
here, don't you?"

     I smiled at Monica and replied to Donna, "Yes, I certainly do,
Donna.  I bet she's especially horny now, aren't you, Monica?"

     Donna and I both watched as Monica nodded her head vehemently and
began hunching her ass on the instrument which Donna had inserted in
it.  Donna left the instrument in her ass, and we both watched Monica
fuck her ass against it for a very long time, commenting to each other
about how eager she was and how hot and horny she soeemed to be.

     "She just stays running wet!  I know I've continually commented on
it, but I just can't get over how wet she gets."  Having said that,
Donna leaned forward and licked at Monica's slit with her tongue,
gathering a large amount which she then swirled around inside her mouth
with obvious delight.

     "She really tastes wonderful, as well!" Donna exclaimed, lowering
her mouth back to Monica's pussy for more of the glistening juice.

     By this point Monica was beside herself with passion.  To have the
attractive, young nurse licking her cunt and fucking her ass with the
hard instrument was more than she could stand.  Her hips were thrusting
wildly up into the air and her head was rolling from side to side.
Moans of delight and passion were seeping through the cunt-juice-filled
crotch of the dirty panties in her mouth.  Concentrating on her clit,
Donna sucked and nibbled at it with her experienced lips until, with
one huge thrust of her hips, Monica's climax began.  I had all I could
handle trying to hold her legs still as she came, and the air was
filled with grunting noises as the passion washed through her body.
Finally her moans and movements subsided and she lay limp before us.
Things were going nicely already, and the evening had just begun.

-- 
