Archive-name: Bondage/nurse.txt
Archive-author: Master Chris #4
Archive-title: Return as the Nurse


     One day we are on a walk in the park and I say, "Are you
ready to be trained again?"  You look up at me with a mixture of
fear and excitement.  I laugh, "No, no, it will not be like last
time.  You have long since graduated beyond that."  You are a
little confused.  "Tonight", I say, "a young girl will be
initiated as you were in the doctor's office several weeks ago.
You can assist in her training if you wish."  You are immediately
excited by the prospect.  You remember the nurse who once touched
your body and who tied you up for the first time.  "Alright.",
you say, "What do I have to do?"  "You will be the nurse
tonight.", I explain, "We'll go to the doctor's office tonight."
That afternoon I bring you the nurse's uniform.  I sit down on
the bed and watch as you get dressed.  When you move to put on
white stockings I stop you.  "No.  You must be completely naked
under the uniform.  For the evening to be successful, you must be
as hot as she is."  Following my instructions, you wear nothing
under the tight uniform.  You pause only to anoint your nipples
and shaved pussy with perfume.  The touch of your fingers on your
body and the thought of the night to come makes your nipples hard
and your pussy wet.  "Let's go.", I say.  We go into the office
building you remember so well and proceed directly up to the 14th
floor.  Three men are there.  You recognize two of them including
the doctor.  They smile and ask you to sit down.  It is the
doctor who seems to be organizing the evening.  "The whole intent
here", he says, "is to have her be more sexually excited by the
time she enters the room than she's ever been before.", he looks
directly at you, "You are the key element in all of this.  Just
as it was for you, she must feel embarrassment, restraint and
helplessness.  However, during it all, we will care for her
sexually.  She will have our total attention.  There are no
restrictions on what you can do to her.  The only criteria is
that when you turn her over to us she be more turned on than you
can imagine."  The doctor shows you downstairs to the office on
the 12th floor and tells you to wait in the examining room.  "You
can expect a ten to fifteen minute wait.", he says.  With the
door open, you know you will hear her enter the waiting room.
You are getting more and more excited yourself just waiting.  You
look around the room.  The examining table is just like you
remember.  The stirrups at the end of the table cause a little
shiver to go up your spine.  Suddenly, you hear the office door
open.  "Sit here." says a man's voice, "Someone will be here
shortly and you must do exactly what you are told."  "Okay.",
says a girl.  The door closes and you wait an extra few minutes
remembering that the anticipation excited you when it was you in
the waiting room.  You stand up finally and take a last look in
the mirror.  You straighten your uniform and then you go quickly
to the waiting room.  She is about nineteen years old, blond with
a good figure.  She is startled by your entrance.  "Follow me.",
you say in your most business-like manner.  Without waiting to
see if she is following, you turn and head back into the
examining room.  Upon entering, you turn around.  She is right
behind you.  You don't say anything for a moment as you look at
her.  She is bustier than you thought at first and she seems
quite shy.  She can't meet your eyes but rather, keeps looking at
the floor.  "Get completely undressed.", you say, "Remove your
outer clothing, your underwear, even your jewelry.  When you have
done that, put on this gown.  I will be back shortly."  You leave
the room and close the door.  You are flushed with excitement.
To have this young innocent girl under your complete control
turns you on.  You are sure she would do anything you asked.  You
wait a couple of minutes to make sure she's had time to change
and then you return.  She is wearing the flimsy hospital gown and
you look at her for a moment.  "Clasp you hands behind your
head.", you say.  She does so.  You know how vulnerable she must
feel so you don't do anything for a moment.  "Turn around
slowly.", you say.  The girl begins to turn around.  As her ass
comes into view, naked beneath her gown, you say "Stop."  You
wait a long moment, looking at her cute tight little bottom then
you tell her to continue.  When she is facing you again, a deep
blush is on her face.  She is obviously embarrassed.  "Stand
still.", you tell her.  In one quick motion, you pull the hem of
the gown right up to her neck.  Her face turns a deep red and she
gasps.  You hold the gown up for a moment and gaze at her exposed
body.  Her large breasts are firm and well shaped.  They are
topped with cherry-sized nipples that are dark brown.  They are
already hard just as yours are.  She is a true blond and her
curly blond pubic hair is neatly trimmed for summer bikini
wearing.  You let go of the gown and tell the girl to follow you.
You leave the office and head right for the elevator.  The girl
follows you nervously.  When you have entered the elevator, you
tell the girl to face one of its mirrored walls.  "Raise your
gown and touch your nipples to the wall.", you say.  She follows
your instructions and you leave her in this position until you've
reached your floor.  Covered again, the embarrassed girl follows
you down the corridor to the doctor's office.  You bring her
right into the room where the four of us are waiting.  We eye the
blond appreciatively.  The doctor tells you to take her into the
examining room.  You open the side door and follow her in.  You
pick up a thermometer and standing right in front of her so she
can see what you are doing, you lubricate it in a jar of
vaseline.  She eyes the thermometer apprehensively.  "I'll have
to take you temperature now.", you say, "Please turn around and
bend over the table.  She does as you ask and the folds of her
gown fall naturally to the sides to expose her bottom.  Despite
her dark tan, her bottom is, in contrast, very white.  You take a
moment to admire her tan line.  Then, holding her buttocks apart
with one hand, you gently insert the thermometer.  When it is
almost completely in, you begin moving it in and out and twirling
it around.  You hear her stifle a moan.  Obviously you are having
some effect on her!  You keep it going for a minute or two and
then take the thermometer out.  "Stand up and remove your gown.",
you say.  Blushing furiously, she does so.  You take your time,
hanging up the gown and returning.  "Please lie down on the
table."  The blond lies back.  Her heavy breasts are firm enough
that they continue to stick up.  You see the nipples are rock
hard.  "Slide down to the end of the table.", you say.  The girl
hesitates a moment.  You can see that she is eyeing the stirrups
and knows that they'll soon be used to expose her.  You help her
place her feet in the stirrups and then you take out the leather
straps.  The girl's eyes are wide as saucers as you attach the
straps to her ankles, wrists and just above her knees.  You use
the straps to fasten her feet to the stirrups and to hold her
knees wide apart.  Then you take her hands and stretch them
tightly to the top of the table.  Through all this, she lies
there passively.  You've already seen that she is very wet, just
dripping in anticipation.  You're wet yourself.  Your nipples
have been crying out for attention for a half-hour.  When you
finish attaching her you pause to look over your handiwork.  She
is stretched out, completely at your mercy.  You can't resist
teasing her a bit more.  "Do you have sensitive nipples?", you
ask.  "Yes.", she whispers.  You reach over and pinch one in each
hand.  "Which gives you more pleasure?", you say as you stroke
the long brown nipples upward gently, "stroking your nipples
lightly like this, or", as you pinch the nipples very hard,
"squeezing them very hard like this?"  "Very hard.", she gasps.
You smile and then pull the nipple upward until the breast is
distended.  You then let go and the breast falls back.  The girl
closes her eyes she is so turned on.  you reach under your skirt,
unable to resist touching yourself.  You are soaking wet.  You
slide two fingers deep into your hot pussy and just about come.
You touch the girl's lips with your fingers.  "Lick them.", you
say.  The tip of the girl's pink tongue extends to lick your
fingers.  The feeling is exquisite.  You move to the end of the
table and take a good look at her pussy.  You reach down and take
one pussy lip in each hand holding it tightly between finger and
thumb.  Gently but firmly you spread her lips apart as wide as
they will go until the pink interior of her dripping pussy is
completely exposed.  You reach down and touch the tip of her hard
clitoris with the tip of your tongue.  Her stomach tightens and
her hips jump off the table at the sensation.  A loud moan
escapes her lips.  Unable to restrain yourself any more, you
stand up and leave the room returning to the doctor's office.
"She's ready for you now.", you say.  You take my hand in your
and whisper "Let's go!"  You are so turned on that we make it
only as far as the elevator before you are all over me.  In the
elevator, you pull off your uniform and naked, on the floor of
the mirrored elevator we make love until we both scream in a
mind-blowing orgasm.

--
