Archive-name: 3plus/nursing.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Nursing School for Hal


     I waited impatiently the next three nights and days for Saturday at
10PM, when I arrived promptly at JANEY, FRAN, and SYVIA's apartment. I wore
a pair of men's bikini briefs, a nylon t-shirt, my tightest jeans, clean
sweat socks, and new loafers so my feet wouldn't smell of sneakers.  I had
showered half an hour before I left home, after running my dad's electric
razor over my face carefully and throwing on some of his aftershave.   I
felt ready for the action that JANEY had promised.  And the thought of three
lesbian or bi-sexual young women kept me hard from the moment I left JANEY
on Wednesday night until I rang the doorbell.  

     The sexiest JANEY I had yet seen opened the door.  She was dressed like
a stripper: high black heels; black hose, sleek smooth ones, satin to the
touch; the sheerest black bikini panties (I could see what little cunt hair
she had right through them!); a black garterbelt to hold up the stockings;
and black pasties on ther nipples.  She also wore long black gloves on her
hands/arms and a black derby.  She looked sexier than Liza Minelli in
CABARET! and I nearly came in my shorts when I looked her up and down.  And
when she did a quick, complete turn in front of my feasting eyes, I noticed
that JANEY was wearing crotchless panties!   Oh, how that turned me on! 
After the turn to show off for me, JANEY kissed me passionately and deeply. 
"I'm so glad you're here, Darling.  My cunt has longed for you since the
moment you left.   I fell asleep exhausted after our love making, but my
pussy oozed cum all night long.  I awakened in the morning and dipped my
fingers in my pussy to eat out our cum for breakfast.  You were delicious
and I want more soon!   So do FRAN and SYLVIA.  You'll meet them a little
later...after you please ME!"  Then she kissed me again...even more
passionately and longer, with her tongue way down my throat.  I returned the
kiss with equal fervor...until she pushed me down into the couch, climbed on
the coffee table in front of me and began to dance to silent music in her
head.  God could she move her body...her hips were so sexy, and she quickly
removed the pasties from her nipples so I could enjoy how erect they were. 
As she did, I caught a wiff of her pussy scent...and that added to my
arousal.  As I stared at her belly and thighs I noted that JANEY was moving
her abdomen rhythmically and  almost hynotizing me with her navel.  But my
gaze dropped to the open crotch panties; and JANEY noticed that too.  She
made her cunt the focus of my eyes and her dance.  And I noticed that she
was oozing juice from that perfect cunt.  I wanted to lick her, which she
also sensed.  She paused and motioned for me to stand up and begin kissing
her open panties, encouraging me to stick my tongue inside them and inside
her pussy, which now tasted "hot" and sexy!  I began licking as I stood
there; and JANEY quickly "came" in my face, flooding my chin with her sexy
fluid.  

     I lost control then and pulled down the panties, leaving her in the
garterbelt and hose, but with her ass now exposed.  I pulled her down on the
couch, buried my face in her cunt and took her cheeks in my hot hands,
kneading them and eating her pussy.  I was ready to cum, but I loved her
cunt taste so much that I didn't want to move from it and begin fucking her
pussy yet.  My passion made her cum in my face a second time!  I felt so
powerful.  And she wanted more!  She directed me to lie on my back on the
floor; and then she mounted my face again so that she was totally in control
of what her cunt did to my mouth.  As she fucked my face, she played
excitedly with her clit and cuntlips.  I loved watching her!  She rubbed her
ass across my mouth periodically, then her hot juicy cunt...until she
flooded me with one more climax.  That's when she got up, sat on the couch,
and said, "Now you strip for me.  Act as sexy as you feel.  Pretend that you
had to arouse me and make me want to eat your dick by the way you moved! 
I'll just sit here and play with my cunt!"

     I did as I was told until my cock was out at least eight naked
inches...with drops of precum dangling from its tip.  My ass was sweaty; and
I felt sexy as hell!  I wanted her to lick my entire naked body...as soon as
I finished fucking her cunt or her mouth.  She did it in reverse
order...sucking my dick into her hot mouth for about five minutes and then
throwing herself back on the couch for me to fuck her long and hard.  I
obliged her and pumped her for about fifteen minutes until I did flood her
cunt with my jism.  She loved it and quickly joined me with another of her
enthusiastic orgasms.  

     We lay in each other's arms for about ten minutes, breathing hard.  And
then JANEY said, "The girls have been watching us from hiding places!  Look
around."  I did, and from each closet, stepped sexy SYLVIA in a sheer
negligee, obviously naked underneath with a pair of tits that had to be
nearly 46 inches in her bust.  It must have been her panties and hose that I
put on on Wednesday night.  The nipples appeared to stand out on the ends of
those knockers a full inch.  I doubt that now, but that's the way they
looked to me that Saturday night.  And FRAN looked like a Playboy model, in
white lingerie...in direct contrast to JANEY.  "They've video taped us too,
HAL.  Now we're going to watch the tapes together." I noted that each nurse
had her own camera...so I settled down to about an hour's sexy TV...on tape.
 (The next episode describes what followed the "replay".)        Read "Sex,
Thighs, and Videotape with JANEY" 

--
