                          Autumn of 1969
	Dedicated to My Special Friend Susan from California

               By SEXXY KAREN from NixPix 303/920-1263  6/90
                    Drop me a note???

    Twentyone years ago I was the little darling of a girl every parent
(back then) hoped for.	I had just graduated from high school near the
top of my class, had been accepted to an exclusive college in Boston,
and was an 18 year old virgin.	I guess I was a virgin more from lack
of opportunity than from choice.  Most people even then thought I was
much younger than 18 because I'm pretty petite.  I'm still the exact
same size I was then, 4'10", 86 pounds, blonde hair, blue eyes, 32-21-32.
I still have the freckles than induced people to treat me as a little kid.

    When I got to Boston, I became aware that the campuses were rife with
radical ideas.	The basic rule seemed to be to reject any values held by
the establishment.  Whatever our parents and professors liked, we rejected.
Whatever they disliked, we embraced.  My first big discovery was rock and
roll.  My parents hated Elvis and the Beatles and any composer who hadn't
been dead for at least a half century.	Even though I found classical music
relaxing, I switched to rock music because it sent electricity through my
body and maybe because I wanted to fit in.  Since I'd led a sheltered life
and was attending an all women's college, I decided to make friends with
Susan, a worldly girl from California.	I reasoned that she'd show me
around the block.

    Susan was a bit wary of me.  I guess she wondered why Miss Prim-and-
Proper wanted to hang out with her.  I persisted and eventually she asked
me point blank what I wanted from her.	I confessed that I was ashamed that
I was a virgin and that I thought she could help me surrender my cherry.  I
hated to admit it, but I really had no idea how to let a guy know I was hot
and wanted to get laid.  I thought it ironic that the college made the pill
available to all students on request and I was taking it.  Susan tried to
tell me that I might be shocked by her "with it" California lifestyle.	I
persisted and she eventually explained the basics of foreplay, intercours,
and oral sex.  I partook of the forbidden knowledge and then begged Susan
to help me find a guy to sleep with.  She tried to tell me that I was on
my own but got tired of my pestering.  Finally, she invited me to a party
in Cambridge.  She assured me that if I couldn't get fucked at this party,
I would die a spinster.

    When Saturday night arrived I thought I was ready for the party having
put on a dress, nylons, etc.  I thought Susan was going to die laughing at
me.  She took me by the hand and told me to put on jeans and a sweat shirt
with an interesting message or logo on it and to take off my bra.  I felt
a bit uncomfortable without the extra padding but she explained that guy
liked liberated women.	I just hope they liked flatchested ones, too.  We
walked the ten blocks to the party and were met at the apartment by the
couple that lived there.  There were about 18 people there all dressed as
good members of the 1970s proletariat, jeans and sweatshirts with messages
on them.  Someone handed me a beer and I began to drink it, staying close
to Susan as she walked around the room to discuss national politics.

    I was feeling pretty good when our hostess came over to me to chat.
She said something about how happy she was I could come and that any friend
of Susan's was a friend of hers.  I'm not sure what I said or if I said
anything at all, because I noticed a guy and a girl across the room making
out pretty heavily.  They were kissing passionately and the guy's hands
were all over her boobs.  Before I realized what was happening, the girl
pulled off her sweatshirt, stepped out of her jeans, dropped to her knees
and started to suck the guy off!  I turned to where I'd last seen Susan
and discovered she was stripping with two guys.  The hostess suggested we
join the others and led me by the hand into the middle of the room where
she and five others stripped me, massaged me, and licked and sucked every
inch of my body.  I came more times than I could count before the licking
and sucking stopped.  My hostess then helped me up and guided me onto my
first hard prick as the others watched me get popped.  As I rode my first
cock, the others in the room lined up to have me suck their cocks and
pussies and to take the place of my first lover.  I returned to my dorm
room a thoroughly fucked young woman.  And, I returned to the weekend
parties as often as possible.

					Freckles
y dorm
room a thoroughly fucked young woman
