Newsgroups: alt.cyberpunk,comp.org.eff.talk
From: TDC <tdc@zooid.guild.org>
Subject: >>> LOD! -  Signed & Public Key - LOD! <<<
X-To: ALL
Organization: The Zoo of Ids
Date: Fri, 4 Jun 1993 02:37:03 EST
Message-ID: <1993Jun4.143231.3145@zooid.guild.org>
Sender: TDC <tdc@zooid.guild.org>
Lines: 213




-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----


                   *LEGION OF DOOM*
                        *LOD*


The Legion of Doom regrouping is proceeding on schedule
despite the efforts of a few unhappy hackers to stop it.
The LOD will never be stopped!!! Unfortuntely, because of
the way that USENET is set up it is possible for persons so
inclined to post messages that appear to come from me when in
fact they are not. Since several new members have complained
to me that this is damaging to the revival effort, we are now
forced to take measures which will fix the problem and allow
everyone in the hack/phreak community to know when a message
is really from the new Legion of Doom and not an imposter.

- - From now on, every message will be contain my PGP signature and
thus anyone using PGP can tell if I really sent the message.
My PGP public key follows:

- -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.2

mQBNAiwNg0QAAAECALLtAxggrkVw3ZGv0t3Q0WMfqYnt/6Blc8Um5e6emEA1QHYE
jUVJCKh2J/pdy07uJ4j099Tr/rBbmFzJRCQu1NUABRG0IExvcmQgSGF2b2MgPHRk
Y0B6b29pZC5ndWlsZC5vcmc+
=RrBd
- -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

So, all concerned hackers, phreakers, observers, members of the
new LOD and wannabe members, beware: any message not bearing an
authentic PGP signature keyed to the above PGP key is false and
not from me!! This should stop the fake postings on USENET in my
name. Please note also that any correspondance with me at my E-mail
address <tdc@zooid.guild.org> should be incrypted using the above
PGP key. This will allow me to read a message in confidence without
anyone else being able to. This is for several reasons, because I
believe the system administrator may be monitoring my mail because
he has been getting many complaints and suspects something is going
on. Do not let the claims of others deter you from communicating
securely with us. 

Finally, to the people out there who would like to see the new LOD
fail and come to nothing I say this: The new Legion of Doom will not
be kept down! We will not be defeated! You can either choose to join
us and become a part of history in the making or you can be left
out. Either way we will continue and reestablish leadership and
dignity to the hacking community! Long live LOD!!!



                   
                           The
  
                           LOD

                      Legion of Doom  

                        *IS* Back!
           
  
[Yes, the LOD is alive and well. Please ignore any other message
that makes contrary claims. Regardless of whether they appear to
come from this account or any other. If you wish confirmation of
this write to us. No other messages besides modified versions of
this original release will ever be posted by the LOD. ALL other
messages claiming to represent the LOD should be dismissed as the 
obvious hoaxes that they are! Unfortunately though anyone can 
easily post a message and make it appear to come from anyone else. 
A sad flaw, that ruins the integrity of the net. We regret any 
possible confusion, but again due to the nature of the net there 
is nothing that can be done about it.]

THE LOD IS, POSITIVELY, WITHOUT QUESTION, OR BASIS IN ANY DOUBT
**BACK**!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IGNORE ANY MESSAGE CLAIMING
OTHERWISE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
No, that has not been a mis-print... the LOD has returned!  The
world's greatest hacking group has formally been reinstated to
bring back dignity and respect to a scene that has rapidly
deteriorated since its departure.  

The LOD is not just another "Group" that goes around with
upper/lower case names, trading in PBX's and VMB's and wouldn't
know COSMOS if it hit them over the head.  It's a sad day indeed
when the term hacker is used to refer to every code and credit card
abusing rodent in the nation.  We intend through our presence and
many innovative projects, not to mention the technical journal to
restore the original values of technical exploration and knowledge
that the term hacker was founded on.  

The LOD imbodies the pinnacle of understanding that comes from
relentless exploration of the "system" backwards and forwards.  It
is an organization dedicated to understanding the world's computer
and telephone networks.  Enabling everyone to progress forward in
technology.  The accumulated product of this - the Technical
Journals, full of information unavailible anywhere except from
telco manuals represents something to valuable to lose. 

It is a true tragedy that after the great witch hunt that was
Operation Sun Devil that the former LOD died.  If the powers that
be, think they can shut down real hackers by undertaking
unprovoked, uneeded not to mention unconstitutional draconian acts
they are mistaken. We will not be kept down! 

We are a segment of society that enjoys what others label difficult
and technical.  Exploration into the uncharted reaches of
technology is our calling.  Information, learning and understanding
is what we are made of.  As the technology revolution impacts us
all, it is the hackers and not the medieval statutes of the land
that will lead us forward.  

This will be the primary of purpose the new, revived LOD - the
assembly and release of a Technical Journal.  The previous 4
issues, now several years old BADLY need updating. If you don't
have the first 4 TJ's, and would like them (they are highly
recommended for anyone interested in learning more about this
field) they may can be found on ftp.eff.org and numerous other
sites that carry underground files. Or of course on any large BBS
or hack/phreak board.    

The Journal will rely heavily on reader submitted articles and
information, so anything you wish to contribute would be GREATLY
appreciated.  Acceptable submitions would include ORIGINAL articles
on various systems, services, security discussions, technical
specifications and doccumentation.  Computer and telephone related
subjects are not the only ones acceptable.  If you remember the
former journals had articles concerning interrogation, physical
security among others.   

The next LOD Technical Journal will comprise almost entirely of
freelance or reader submitted articles. So without YOUR
contributions it can not proceed!  Solid progress is being made in
the next Technical Journal by both freelancers and group members. 
But bigger is better, as you can never have too much information or
instruction.  SEND UP ALL ORIGINAL ARTICLES FOR PUBLICATION!!!

If you wish to hold the wonderful honour of being an LOD Member
(Won't this look good on the resume), you may apply by contacting
us. The qualifications should need no elaboration. 

Regardless of the unbased claims made by others, the LOD is as
strong and capable as it ever was.  Legendary groups like the LOD
are not born this way.  They take time to form, and restarting
almost from scratch almost 3 years later, time is obviously needed.
We say to all the skeptics, hang on to your premature judgements
until we're on our feet and judge by actions not opinions. 

To set the record straight once and for all, and to convince the
skeptics that doubt the validity of all this, the Legion of Doom
>IS< BACK. Next month, a full-fledged Technical Journal will be
widely released, and you're doubts and questions will be once and
for all answered with uncontestable fact. 
  
In addition to needing articles for the upcoming Journals, some
sites on the net to aid in distribution would also be welcomed.
Someone willing to donate the resources necessary to operate a
subscription type mailing list service is also needed.  Send all
offers and articles to our email account or P.O. Box... 

Reach us at:

tdc@zooid.guild.org

Or by blindingly quick, faster than light mail at:

LOD
P.O. Box 104
4700 Keele St.
North York, ON
M3J-1P3

(Closing date for article submittions to the LOD Technical Journal
Number 5 is: Monday 14 June, 1993.
Release date: Friday 18 June, 1993.

Since we have no monetary or contractual obligation to anyone,
these dates are of course tentative. But since or at least
initially we will rely almost entirely on reader submitions a date
is needed to get potential writers into gear. 

Note that the LOD does not engage or condone illegal or criminal
activities.  This would cover, but is not limited to, theft of long
distance services, credit fraud or data destruction/alteration. 


- -Lord Havoc



-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: 2.2

iQBVAgUBLA7bYZhcyUQkLtTVAQGLngIAn/a/2PS34mewm0G12hLa1pU6P8GYsEJ4
VZNvMNRY6UWbUyk8B/hxl+K3lUMmBLVlo/vP+4Y8Uu4oy/e9rvX8Lg==
=ry9W
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

 ... Catch the Blue Wave!
 ___ Blue Wave/QWK v2.12

