Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.talk
From: erikb@upurbmw.dell.com (Chris Goggans)
Subject: Re: LOD >IS< BACK
Message-ID: <1993May27.185110.25411@raid.dell.com>
Sender: news@raid.dell.com (Net News Admin)
Nntp-Posting-Host: upurbmw.dell.com
Organization: Dell Computer UNIX Networking Services
References: <1993May27.004021.6587@zooid.guild.org> <gradyC7p6KL.DFq@netcom.com>
Date: Thu, 27 May 1993 18:51:10 GMT
Lines: 80

OK...  I've had about enough of this BS as I can take.

First, let me introduce myself.   My name is Chris Goggans, but some
people may know me as Erik Bloodaxe.  I am one of the original members of
the Legion of Doom, and I am currently editor of Phrack Magazine.

LOD IS NOT COMING BACK.

What you are witnessing is a very egocentric attempt on behalf of a lone\
Canadian named Cameron Smith who has this fantasy that he will bring LOD
back from the grave and serve as its leader.  

We contacted Cameron about a day after his first post, getting his number
by tracking him back through guild & zoooid.  He had paid for an account
at zooid which allowed him mail and rn.  

The first of us to contact Cameron was myself and Scott Chasin.  We both 
told Cameron that there was no way we were going to let some heretofore
unknown individual usurp the name LOD.  We of the group decided to retire it
for a number of reasons, and all involved wish it to stay that way.

Cameron responded by saying that he felt it was in the best interests of
the community that he bring it back to life.  I told him it seemed he
was only thinking of his OWN interests, otherwise he would have begun
a new group without trying to glom onto the LOD name.  He stammered a bit,
and said well, its dead, so I can use any name I want to.

Scott began to get real mad, as did I.  There was no convincing Cameron
that what he was doing, would not only make a mockery of something we
had a part in making known as a "force to be reckoned with."  And I
was personally steamed that someone would have the audacity to take something
that I still hold very close, and attempt to use it for their own 
silly games.

We contacted the other past members (the vast majority of whom are on
the net at mindvox.phantom.com)  To talk about what to do.  None of us
want this to continue.  We all just want LOD to remain dormant and be
remembered as it was.  (However you may view it)

Everyone individually contacted Cameron and tried to convince him that 
this was a bad thing, and that none of us approved.  He continually 
ignored our wishes.  

  This further worried us, as should he actually put something
together in the form of a file, it would be so ludicrous that noone would be
able to take it seriously, and would have LOD emblazoned all over it.

Then all kinds of contrary new posts began appearing.  Back, not back, back,
not back.  At first I though maybe Cameron had wisened up, but after
looking at the posting, realized that someone was just out to make him look
foolish.  (To whoever that was, nice try!)

Again, this time in public, I would ask Cameron Smith (Lord Havoc) please
cease and desist this charade.  If you respect the group even the slightest
bit, (which you obviously must, or you wouldnt have plagarized it), do not
continue with this.  Every member of group over its 9 year life has been
contacted about you, and all agree that they wish it to remain dormant.  

You neither posess the skills, nor the experience to be even remotely 
associated with the group in any form or fashion, even if it were
still active, you could not even hope to affiliate with it.  

If you sincerely want to put out a magazine, please do so, but under your own 
heading, so that should it actually be of merit, it will stand on its own
without needing the LOD name as a fall back.  If you just want to publish
an article or two, please send the to me at phrack@well.sf.ca.us and I
will gladly consider them for publication.

This is the second time I have asked you to do this.  I am speaking on behalf
of thirty some-odd persons who all want you to cut this out immediately.

It's very easy to feel detached from the online world when you are hiding behind
a pc in a different country, isn't it?  Your actions are affecting you
more than you can ever imagine.  Please stop now.

->ME

(My opinions and comments are my own.
 My company does not pay me enough to own my soul)


