RAndY s RumOR RaG
September 1993

PHOTOCD TALK
     A couple of months ago, I slammed the DOS version of Kodak s
PhotoCD Access software.  I recently acquired the Windows version
and, while being basically the same thing, it seems to work better
in Windows.
     I see this package as a basic conversion tool.  You can't
print from it or do any editing with Access.  Basically, you use it
to convert to a format you can import into another program.
     For the first time since converting to a local bus system, I
installed the True Color driver and the images are gorgeous. 
Unfortunately, the performance hit is substantial.
     Kodak is still having trouble establishing PhotoCD as
something the average consumer will buy.  Too many of them don't
understand that a compact disc can contain photographic quality
images.  Besides not understanding the technology, the consumer-
level PhotoCD players are way over-priced.  If they can get them
down under $150, the medium will catch on.
     Computer people, however, are going nuts over PhotoCDs.  I did
a piece in last month's RaG about Corel planning to have 100 theme-
oriented PhotoCDs by the end of the year.  I've even seen an ad for
an adult PhotoCD.
     The quality of the images is outstanding - the possibilities
are incredible.  In the beginning PhotoCDs were restricted to 35mm
images, but now the technology is there for up to 4x5 format.  I
haven't seen any of these yet, but based on what I've seen of the
35mm PhotoCDs the larger format should be outrageous.  If you
haven't seen a PhotoCD, you owe it to yourself to check it out.
---------------

MS-DOS 6.2
     Get ready for an update to MS-DOS 6.  Two alleged problems
have plagued DOS 6 since its introduction earlier this year.
     Users have complained about losing data with SmartDrive s
write-behind caching.  This is a feature which can be disabled, but
the only way to lose data is to shut your machine off too soon.  I
don t see how this can be blamed on software when the user is at
fault.
     The primary complaint has been random problems with
DoubleSpace.  I have done quite a few DOS 6 installations, some
without but mostly with DoubleSpace.  I have had NO problems -
nada, zero.  Those experiencing problems can usually be attributed
to user error or strange hardware configurations.
     Microsoft will be taking care of these complaints with a
release to be called 6.2 (avoiding name confusion with IBM s DOS
6.1).  Users will be given the option of disabling write-behind
caching as the default setting with SmartDrive.  There will be a
new feature to un-install DoubleSpace more easily and a protective
layer making it safer to use.  Memory requirements for DoubleSpace
will also be reduced..
     The release of this update is anticipated for this fall, and
will be available free through CompuServe or for a minimal fee
through the channel.
     ScanFix is a new diagnostic technology which can be used as a
stand-alone module or launched from your AUTOEXEC.BAT file.  It
will scan for damaged clusters and other disk problems before
DoubleSpace runs.
     Also, a check-summing algorithm will validate the integrity of
DoubleSpaced data structures and code.  If the sums don't change
from a baseline, it writes to disk.  If the checksum changes, the
system will halt and won't write to disk.  The performance of
Defrag will be enhanced even for compressed drives.
     The interactive boot feature will be enhanced to allow users
to step through AUTOEXEC.BAT line by line.  Copy overwrite
protection will warn users not to unintentionally overwrite
existing files.
---------------

CYRIX UPGRADE
     The 386DX is not dead yet.  Cyrix recently released their
Cx486DRx2 chips to breath new life into 386DX systems.
     This new chip uses internal clock doubling technology,
operating at twice the speed of the 386 chip it replaces.  Support
for 386SX chips is expected later this year, but there are no plans
to support the 386SL.
     All you do is pop open your computer, remove the 386
processor, and snap the new chip into place.  A self-stick heat
sink is then attached.  You need to run a software utility to
enable the internal 1K cache, but it unloads after doing its thing
and there is no RAM loss.
     The list price for the 16/32MHz version is $299, the 20/40 and
25/50 versions are priced at $349 and $399 respectively.
---------------

NEWS IN YER FACE
     The effects of the Sumitono Chemical Company fire linger on
with no definite signs of relief.  As you recall, this factory
produced 60% of the epoxy resin supply used in chip manufacture. 
There was some epoxy resin in the pipeline to last manufacturers
for months, but prices jumped almost instantly.  Some US firms are
discussing getting into this business, but profits are slim and
require volume sales.
     It is estimated that it will take Sumitono at least a year to
rebuild.
---------------
     A federal judge recently ruled that resellers must stop
selling Quattro Pro which infringes on Lotus Development's
copyright.
     Affected products include Quattro, Quattro Pro 1.0, 2.0, 3.0,
4.0, 4.01, and SE.  A new version which does not infringe on Lotus
copyrights, Quattro Pro 5.0, will ship by the time you read this.
---------------
     Rumors are flying about an IPO from WordPerfect.  Many in the
industry feel that this could be one of the largest microcomputer
software deals of the decade with estimated stock sales of over
$100 million.  The groundwork has been laid, but WordPerfect
executives are not saying anything yet.
---------------
     Corel is planning to acquire Ventura Publisher, Ventura
Database Publisher, and related technologies.  Maybe they'll get
the quirks out and make it a first-class Windows product.
---------------
     Interesting - did you know that Novell has not upgraded to
Version 4 of NetWare internally?  And they have no immediate plans
to do so.  What does that tell you?
---------------
     WordPerfect 6.0 for Windows is still ontrack for a 4th quarter
release.  The Tables feature will contain advanced spreadsheet
capabilities including formulas, numerical cell formatting,
automatic recalculation, data fills, and named ranges.  You'll also
have a full charting module with 3-D, surface, line, area, bar, hi-
lo, "exploded", and "exploded pie" charts.  WordPerfect will
finally get collapsible outlining, automatic bullets, irregular
text wrap around graphics, border options, and a more WYSIWYG
display (headers and footers showing on the screen).
---------------
PC PHOTOGRAPHER
     Since I've been a photographer for almost 27 years, I take
interest in the melding of computer technology and the art of
photography.
     Kodak has a program called PC Photographer which teaches the
basics of photography.  You can learn about how shutter speeds and
f/stops work, different films, and much more.
     The program has horrible EGA graphics, but they're good enough
considering the program sells for about $30.
     You can adjust the controls of your electronic camera or put
it in program mode just like a real one.  You also have your choice
of lenses and film to photograph one of several static and "action"
scenes.  Your film is "developed" and prints are placed in an
electronic album.  You can peruse the album and see the settings
your pictures were taken at as well as get a commentary on how you
did.
     There is instruction for using a light meter and a stand-alone
database provided detailed information on Kodak products.
     Kodak has always had excellent instructional materials and for
thirty bucks or so I guess this isn't a bad deal.  The graphics are
poor and after you take a picture, it defaults back to an
electronic dummy-proof camera (I hate idiot-proof cameras).
     But if you want to learn about photography while using your
computer, this may just be the trick.
---------------

     Well, that's it for this month.  Not much happening, partly
due to Comdex coming up.  Nobody want to talk.  Catch you next
month...
                =================================

                          DISCLAIMER
     RAndY's RumOR RaG is published on a monthly basis by AINSWORTH
COMPUTER SERVICES and is available on various local BBS's, GEnie,
and America Online as well as in Modem News.
     In case anyone cares, RAndY's RumOR RaG is produced on a 486-
50 with 8 megs of memory, Diamond Stealth Pro VESA VLB (1 MB), 105
MB Toshiba IDE hard drive, Teac 1.2 MB and 1.44 MB floppies, Pro
Audio Spectrum 16 running a Hitachi 3750 CD ROM drive, Sceptre SVGA
display, Microsoft mouse, WordPerfect for Windows and transmitted
through a US Robotics HST Dual Standard modem.
     Opinions expressed are those of the author.  Comments should
be addressed to Ainsworth Computer Services on GEnie, America
Online, phone, analog mail, or whatever method makes you feel good.

     AINSWORTH COMPUTER SERVICES
     605 W. Wishkah
     Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
     (206) 533-6647
     GEnie Address: RAG
     America Online: RumOR RaG