                    RAndY's RumOR RaG
                       March 1992

WORDPERFECT NEWS
     WordPerfect Corp. is not resting on its laurels with the
release of WordPerfect for Windows.
     A new package is expected to ship in late February called
WordPerfect Works.  This is basically a revamp of Executive.
     Besides a new name, the package will get a considerable
facelift.  The calendar and calculator are gone.  They are replaced
by a flat-file database, an improved word processor, and a Lotus-
compatible spreadsheet.
     Another feature is a built-in fax function which will create
and send faxes without leaving the program.  The package will list
for $299.
     OK, now that the Windows product is out, what about
WordPerfect for OS/2?  As you may remember, WordPerfect had made a
commitment to OS/2 before Windows 3 came along.  Well, here are
some excerpts from a WordPerfect news release concerning the
eminent release of an OS/2 product.
     "We are impressed with the capabilities of OS/2 and are
supportive of the OS/2 direction," said Pete Peterson, executive
vice president of WordPerfect Corporation.  "IBM is working closely
with us to make sure we have the tools necessary to quickly create
a native OS/2 2.0 version.  With their help, we should have a good
idea of how long the development effort will take by the end of
this year (meaning 1991)."  As of February 11, 1992, no
announcement concerning a release date has been made.
     Until a native OS/2 version is released, users can run
WordPerfect 5.1 for Windows on OS/2 version 2.0 when available.
     WordPerfect for OS/2 Presentation Manager will be SAA/CUA
compliant.  (SAA stands for Systems Application Architecture.  It
is a standard set of user and software interfaces published by IBM
to provide a common way for applications to be accessed on any
computer from PC to mainframe.  CUA stands for Common User Access. 
It is a subset of SAA.  It defines general user interface design
principles, such as use of the mouse, graphical windows, scroll
bars, pull down menus, dialogue boxes and various controls.  The
purpose of CUA is to provide usability and consistency within and
across applications).  WordPerfect will comply with both CUA level
1 and CUA level 2.
     WordPerfect for Presentation Manager is scheduled to have an
option, which can be set as the default, to save documents directly
in DCA format.  The program will also detect DCA during retrieval
and convert it on the fly.  Effectively, the user will be able to
work continually in DCA without having to worry about it.  They
would simply lose any WordPerfect codes that DCA does not support. 
The save dialogue box would allow them to see what format they're
saving, and let them change it each time they save, if they would
like.
---------------

NEWS IN YER FACE
     Those viewing early releases of OS/2 2.0 are less than
enthusiastic.  According to one viewer, "It's slow and it crashes. 
In fact, it's a lot like Windows."
---------------
     Sierra On-line continues to have a number of projects in the
works.  Look for King's Quest VI sometime within the next few
months.  Aces Over the Pacific and Space Quest V (with Mark Crowe,
minus Scott Murphy) are also being planned.  Al Lowe is working on
a comedy western adventure along the lines of Blazing Saddles
having something to do with Palamino Ranch, and work continues on
expanding The Sierra Network.
---------------
     I hear that a major software retailer is seriously considering
dropping 5.25" disk format products from their shelves due to slow
sales.
---------------
     Microsoft is investigating a number of companies for
counterfeiting and gray marketing of DOS 5 and Windows 3. 
Apparently there is a severe problem (according to Microsoft) with
people pirating and gray marketing DOS 5.
---------------
     Here's a WordPerfect for Windows tip:
To select text quickly:  1) click two times on a word to select the
word, 2) three times to select an entire paragraph, 3) hold the
Shift key and click three times to select from the current word to
the end of the paragraph, or 4) click once at a start point, press
the Shift key, then click at another point to select text between
the two points.
---------------
     I've recently had the opportunity to look at 1-2-3 for Windows
Release 1.0a (the bug fix).  Same crap, different bucket.
---------------
     Knozall Systems has a program called FileWizard which examines
files on a hard disk and lets you know which ones have gone
untouched the longest.
---------------
     AT&T is expected to soon unveil a new low-power RISC-like
processor which will give a performance shot in the arm to small-
form-factor computers.  Nicknamed the "Hobbit", it is rumored to be
planned for use by GO Corp. and their PenPoint operating system
later this year.  This revelation from AT&T is expected sometime
after March.
---------------
     I'm still hearing of problems with DR-DOS 6.  I haven't tried
the product, so I can't speak from experience.  I've heard of
problems running with Windows.  Apparently the trouble is with
memory management.  Others report difficulties accessing
subdirectories of directories.  This problem could be worked around
by disabling the high buffers on equipment.  The 6.1 upgrade/fix
also seems to have troubles.  According to Digital Research, more
than 400 of 225,000 customers returned DR-DOS 6 and others were
issued a new disk set and documentation to help the problems.
---------------
     Staying at the New York Hilton and Towers and need a computer? 
Just call the concierge or business center and you can rent an
Apple, IBM, or Compaq through a service called RENT-A-PC.  You can
rent a PC, notebook, and peripherals and RENT-A-PC handles
everything from installation to telephone support.  RENT-A-PC is
also working with other hotel chains, notably Marriot, to provide
similar services.
     In case you're wondering, an IBM PS/2 Model 50 costs $125 a
day or $250 a month.
---------------
     Memorex is beginning a year-long promotion with McDonald's
which is designed to boost sales (what else).  Purchasers of
specially marked packages of Memorex disks can send away for a free
$5 booklet of McDonald's gift certificates.  According to a Memorex
marketing director, "The same people that buy floppy disks eat at
McDonald's".  They're calling this the "Happy Deal" promotion.
---------------

FOOD FOR THOUGHT
     I hate to talk about serious things, but a matter has come to
my attention that I need to relate to you.
     Let me preface this discussion by saying I'm not endorsing
this or putting it down - I'm just relating the facts.
     There is a BBS in the San Jose area called Amateur Action.  It
is a subscription only BBS which has (at last count) over 4,000
GIFs of undressed people, many of them engaged in situations of
extreme affection.  These are not professional actors and they are
not the usual GIFs you see on BBS's and the pay services.  The
sysop occasionally will pay a local girl to pose nude and put the
GIFs on the BBS for the downloading pleasure of the membership. 
The sysop called each person who sent in money to verify that they
were old enough to be involved.
     Here's what's happening.  About the middle of January, the San
Jose police department raided the home where the BBS is located and
confiscated the computer equipment.  The equipment included the
computer with over 300 megs of storage, a color scanner, and 8 HST
Dual Standard modems (he had 8 lines coming in).  The police
claimed that they were distributing child pornography among other
things.  I recently talked to the sysop's wife and she said that
their lawyers were working on getting the equipment back and
getting the BBS back up.
     To the best of my knowledge, there were no files on the BBS
which violated any laws.  The participants were consenting adults
and the sysop did not even allow BBS members to send in GIFs of
their wives or girlfriends.
     I was requested by the sysop's wife to relate this story and
spread it throughout the BBS community.  Whether this type of thing
is for you or not is not the issue.  What's on my hard drive is my
business (assuming that I paid for it).
     As of the end of February, Amateur Action is back on-line. 
But the problem remains and the lawyers get richer.  (What's the
difference between a lawyer and a gigolo?  A gigolo only screws one
person at a time.)
---------------

VENTURA PUBLISHER 4.0
     I first started using Ventura Publisher back with Version 1.1. 
It took a little while to get the hang of it, but I quickly came to
appreciate the power at my fingertips.  After lusting for a Windows
version, Version 3 came along.  I wished the programmers had
followed the specifications for writing Windows programs and
rapidly grew frustrated with constant UAE's.  The problems have
grown so bad that I switched to PageMaker for desktop publishing
duties.
     Now I've had a chance to sample Version 4.  Included is
support for color including Pantone, 24-bit TIFF, PC, and EPS
files.  They've included a Search and Replace feature along with a
spell checker.  You've now got OLE support, 50 new style sheets,
and an Undo feature.  The big news is the addition of other modules
which interface with Ventura Publisher to allow you to scan
directly into the program, make color separations, do color image
processing (24-bit color), and do color corrections and control.
     First of all, this has to be the slowest loading program on
the face of the earth.  After grinding away at your hard drive for
almost 55 seconds, you're finally ready to go.  (I realize that it
takes a while on a lowly 386-33 with 16 megs of memory.)
     The menu structure seems to be the same with the addition of
Search and Replace and the spell checker located under the Edit
menu.  The fun part comes when you load a chapter or even just
change style sheets.  Get your cup of coffee again because you're
in for a wait.  Don't ask me why it takes 15-20 seconds to load a
little 2K stylesheet.
     The program is bundled with Adobe Type Manager (Version 1.15)
and a ton of fonts, except that you only get the printer metric
files - they don't include the PFB files.  The fonts seem to
correspond to the 35 or so fonts included in Postscript printers. 
Apparently the PFM files are used for outputting Postscript to an
outside service.  I wish they had included the complete font files.
     In fairness, they seem to have gotten rid of UAE's.  I tried
some things guaranteed to lock up Version 3 and had no problems. 
Old chapters and style sheets loaded without formatting problems,
although the wait was a nuisance.  A friend who is more of a
Ventura expert than I am still had some UAE problems.
     I'm not sure that it's worth the $129 they're hitting you for
the upgrade, but at least most of the bugs seem to be gone.
---------------

TYPE TALK
     If you're like me, your hard drive contains a fair number of
typefaces.  I use different typefaces for different applications
depending upon what I want it to look like.  The RaG is written
with Courier because when I save it as a DOS text file (when it's
all through), you can read it without scrolling horizontally using
a program like LIST.  (A proportional font will put more characters
on a line.)  As a general rule, I use a serif font like Times Roman
for body text and a sans serif font like Helvetica for headlines
and larger type.  I've also got some decorative fonts to make a
statement or add impact.
     I recently came across an article on typography which I found
interesting.
     We all know that Aldus Manutius is credited with cutting the
first oldstyle type in 1495.  Oldstyle typefaces are always serifs. 
The serifs on lowercase letters slant and connect to the main
strokes with a curve.  The strokes that create the letterforms make
a gentle transition from thick to thin.  Oldstyle typefaces tend to
have a warm, graceful appearance and generally are the best choice
for readable, lengthy bodies of text.  Examples of oldstyle text
are Times Roman and Garamond.
     Modern typefaces also have serifs, but the serifs are all
horizontal and thin.  The strokes change radically from thick to
thin.  Modern typefaces have a sparkle, but they tend to look cold
and severe.  They are not very readable and are not a good choice
for body text.  One example of a modern typeface would be Bodoni.
     Slab serifs typefaces are also serifs, and the serifs are
horizontal and thick.  The stroke may make a slight transition or
there may be no transition at all.  Slab fonts are not named after
their designer, but carry Egyptian names.  This style of font was
becoming popular in advertising in the early 1800's when Napoleon
went on his Egyptian campaign.  The placards that Napoleon's troops
used to send messages used a slab serif font.  These typefaces have
a more mechanical, regimented appearance and are quite readable,
although they will create a darker page.  Examples would be one of
the Cheltenams or Clarendons.
     Sans serifs have no serif.  The stroke has almost no visible
transformation from thick to thin and are sometimes called
"monoweight" fonts.  They are usually more legible than serif
faces, but less readable.  That means that a sans serif font is
most effective in short bursts of text such as a headline, but they
are not ideal for body text.  Examples of sans serif would be
Helvetica and Futura.
     Script faces are patterned after handwriting.  They can be
serifs or sans serif and in a variety of weights.  They create a
unique appearance, so don't use them in large bodies of text and
NEVER use them in all caps.
     Decorative fonts are fun.  They are not meant to be anything
but decorative.  They can add punch or create a "look", but use
them in moderation.  Just like salt in your food, a little tastes
good, but too much makes you puke.
---------------

NOVELL DUMPS 286
     Novell has taken the first step toward moving away from 286-
based network software.  They raised the price of NetWare 2.x and
lowered the entry cost of NetWare 3.11, thereby encouraging users
to buy 3.x.  They're also encouraging users to upgrade by not
developing strategic enhancement products, such as the NMS
specifically for 2.x.
     Insiders estimate that at most, 15% of the installed Novell
base is using 3.x, the majority still using 2.x (designed for the
2868 chip).  It is estimated that it will take 12-18 months before
3.x catches up.
     Novell refused to comment on whether they will release
upgrades to NetWare 2.2 in the future.  Other sources say that
aside from bug fixes, development has stopped on 2.x.
     Novell will release a migration utility that will ease the
transition from NetWare 2.x to 3.x, because when upgrading to 3.x
the hard drive must be completely reformatted and NetWare
reinstalled.
---------------

OS/2 2 COMING SOON
     I read in one of my dealer-type publications that OS/2 Version
2 will be sold through some of the major distributors such as
Merisel and Ingram Micro.  I wasn't sure if this would be a retail
product like DOS 5 but at this point it sure looks like it. 
Merisel expects to be able to ship sometime in April and Ingram
Micro expects to begin receiving shipments from IBM by the end of
February.  (Do you really want serial number 00001?)
     Sometime in mid-February, IBM is expected to ship the final
beta copies of OS.2 2.0.  Here's a list of hardware specs which are
recommendations from Big Blue itself.
     The minimum hard-disk storage is now at 18 MB!  IBM recommends
that systems running the final version of the software have 4MB of
RAM and a 60 MB hard drive.  The least amount of code needed to run
OS/2 2.0 is about 18 megs on the user's hard drive, most people
will be using about 25MB-26MB.  When you count swap files, you're
looking at 30MB-35MB of space.  According to an IBM spokesman,
these figures represent a "fully working system".  That includes
code for Windows 3.0.
     Some features such as CD-ROM support and extra fonts can be
left off during installation and IBM is said to be working to
reduce the size of the swap files (now about 9MB in size).  They're
also looking at other technologies such as data compression.
     This doesn't look good . . .
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     On the other hand, IBM is breaking ground (or breaking wind)
with the user interface of OS/2.  Version 2 will be very Mac-like
in appearance.  Wanting to distance themselves from Windows, IBM
has developed what has come to be called the Workplace Shell.
     Users will have the alternative of replacing the Workplace
Shell with an OS/2 1.3 or Windows 3 shell.  The new Workplace Shell 
departs from the familiar pull-down menus of Windows and
Presentation Manager.  Instead, the Workplace Shell attempts to
mimic a physical desktop with file folders representing stored
files and applications.  It uses graphical icons to represent
familiar objects.  For example, there is a shredder for deleting
files and a printer icon to print files.  The Workplace Shell is
also customizable, and with the included icon editor you can create
objects specific to a company, for example.
     Some of this stuff is going to be real new to PC users, but to
the Mac crowd, it's old hat.  For example, you can drag a file
folder to the shredder to delete a file.  Now this sounds like
cutesy stuff, but having worked on a Mac a little, I hate to say
that I prefer this method of deleting files.
     My fingers remain crossed.
---------------
DOG PILE ON INTEL!  
     The end of Intel's long monopoly on 486 processors may be
headed for an end.  AMD plans to start shipping samples of its 486
product this summer with volume shipments scheduled for fourth
quarter.
     The AMD line will have 25mhz, 33mhz, and 50mhz versions of the
486DX and a 25mhz 486SX (shame on you).  Samples will ship in the
fourth quarter of a low-power 3.3-volt 486DXLV in 16mhz, 20mhz, and
25mhz flavors.
     The AMD 486 chips will be plug-compatible with Intel's chips
and can be plugged directly into existing system designs.
     Cyrix is also planning to release 486-compatible processors
later this year, but are not commenting further.
---------------

ENTIRE CLIENT WORKSTATION
     Software AG will be soon introducing the Entire Client
Workstation (EWS) which will use Windows as the primary system
platform, but will also support UNIX and OS/2.
     Availability is scheduled for mid-1992 and the product is
comprised of a series of Windows-based products designed to enable
corporations to easily integrate personal computers into corporate-
wide computing environments.
     In addition to EWS, they have announced Entire Office
Workstation, which is designed to give a consistent user interface
for workstation functions; Entire Reporting Client, offering users
custom/dynamic views of corporate data; and Entire Business
Analysis Workstation, enabling users to synthesize and process
enterprise information.
     Also recently introduced is Natural Geographic.  This is a
geographic data management system targeted at selective marketing,
service dispatch, and delivery, site location, and resource
allocation.  This costs $175,000 to $325,000 for the server,
depending upon the processor size and $12,000 for each workstation.
     Just send cash.
---------------

NEW PROTOCOL
     I just heard about a new protocol for transferring files via
modem.  HS/Link allows you to upload multiple files and download
multiple files in both directions at the same time at speeds close
to what Zmodem does in a single direction.  Apparently, HS/Link is
very fast and easy to use, unlike BiModem (another simultaneous
transfer protocol).  Just think of the advantages: you can get BBS
credits for uploading at the same time you're downloading.  You're
going to be online for 20 minutes anyway, why not enhance
everyone's BBS experience by uploading some files at the same time.
     HS/Link has crash recovery and error correction like Zmodem.
It uses 32-bit CRC for error control, primarily for 2400 bps users.
It's available as shareware and registration invokes a graphic
gauge to show your transfer progress and other features.  Look for
the file on a BBS near you, Version 1.1 is current as I write this.
     And while I'm on the subject of modems,those of you HST users
out there should try typing in AT USR when in terminal mode -
interesting.
---------------

HARVARD GRAPHICS
     I'm probably going to irritate quite a few people here, but I
like life on the edge.
     I'm a registered owner of Harvard Graphics 2.11 but I've never
bothered to upgrade it since I don't use it.  I've recently had the
opportunity to play with Version 3 and I am not impressed.
     I don't understand why this piece of software costs so much. 
I didn't like Version 2.11 and I've installed and removed Version
3 three times now - and it's a chore to get rid of after it
branches out my hard drive in a myriad of subdirectories.
     The full package consumes 10+ megs of hard drive space with
literally hundreds of files.  The installation program performs one
of my favorite procedures: copying every device driver regardless
of what you have attached.
     What is the attraction here?  I find the interface confusing
and cumbersome (sometimes you press Enter, other times you press
F10), yet I read glowing quotes and reviews in all the magazines. 
They must get their copies for free.  The whole thing is clumsy in
terms of moving around the menu tree and I always screw things up
when trying to add or manipulate clip art.
     In my opinion, this is one of the most over-rated pieces of
software out there.  I don't want to see the Windows version.
---------------

NEW PC MAG BENCHMARKS
     PC Magazine recently updated their popular Benchmark Series. 
These are not diagnostics, but tests for memory, processor, video,
and hard drive I/O which let you compare different computers and
configurations.
     The user interface for Bench 6.0 now supports VGA and EGA
graphics as well as text mode displays. The program automatically
determines the display adapter and mode of the system in which it's
running and adjusts itself accordingly. Mouse support, drop down
menus, windows and graphs are all features of the new user
interface.
     A database engine is now an integral part of Bench 6.0.  This
engine keeps track of both tests and test results. All results can
be logged to the database and recalled later for modifications
and/or additions.  This also allows them to be used for comparison
against other machines as well.  Results can be saved to DBF or
ASCII format.
     The tests have that "smooth" look on the order of PC Tools,
but the primary change is the way that performance is measured.
     Bench 6.0 now measures performance as throughput rather than
elapsed time (as in Bench 5.6). Results are expressed as
operations/second, kilobytes/second, characters/second or
pixels/second as appropriate (except for the disk access tests).
Every test runs for a minimum of 10 seconds. This ensures a high
degree of accuracy in the results (+- 1%).
     Several new EGA/VGA register-level graphics tests have been
added and the existing text mode tests have been enhanced.  These
tests help to determine whether the graphics adapter is set to run
in 8- or 16-bit mode as well as measuring the graphical performance
of these adapters.  These tests perform graphics fills and Bitblts
(bit block transfers) - two of the most common functions for
graphics adapters.
     If you've previously registered your Benchmark Series disks,
you should get an update in the mail - sometime.  Failing that,
check your favorite BBS for the new files.  Also included is a new
Benchmark test for Windows.
---------------

GAG ME WITH A SPOON
     I just got an ad in the mail for the most ridiculous magazine
I think I've ever heard of.  Why would anyone subscribe to a
magazine called "Inside PC Tools" for $39 a year?
     I've hated PC Tools ever since they went to the fancy
interface back with Version 5.  They took an excellent utility and
mucked it up with crap.  If they add anything else to the menus,
they're going to fall off the bottom of the screen.
     Anyway, here are some tidbits you too can learn about if you
subscribe to this thing.  Learn how the Data Security tools work -
how the cache makes your computer faster - how PC Tools checks your
computer for viruses - how to use Commute on a PBX (I'd just like
to make it work - period) - using PC Tools with Windows.  My
favorite is "Saving disk space - which PC Tools files can you
safely erase?"  My answer is "all of them".
---------------

MORE NEWS IN YER FACE
     Novell has apparently hit a gold mine with NetWare Lite and is
planning to extend it in full Windows, UNIX, and possibly Macintosh
versions (if the Mac people ask for it).
---------------
     Intel has developed a two-chip co-processor which is designed
to be an upgrade for CAD and engineering applications.  The
RapidCAD (MSRP of $499) combines the functions of a 386DX chip, a
math co-processor, and additional floating-point capabilities.  The
user will remove the existing processor and, if present, the math
co-processor, and insert the two chips.  While the system will
continue to run at the same speed, you can expect a performance
increase of 30%-70% depending upon the application.  While marketed
for CAD users, the chips will also work with almost any scientific,
engineering, or graphic intensive application.
---------------
     US Robotics is getting into the LAN business with the Shared
Access Modem Sharing Kits.  A $995 single-port kit contains one
modem while the dual-port kit ($1595) comes with two modems.  The
product pools modems on a LAN, enabling users to dial out from the
network.  The kits include V32.bis modems, On-LAN software, modem-
sharing software for resource sharing, a communications package for
remote users, and associated cabling and documentation.
---------------
     AutoDesk, the AutoCAD people are due out in March with
HyperChem, molecular modeling software.  They're hoping for the
same success as AutoCAD in moving scientific applications from
mainframes to PC's.
---------------
     Lotus is working on a SmartIcon version of 1-2-3 (Version 2.4)
that's code-named Maxwell (from "get Smart").  It should be going
into beta real soon.
---------------
     Panasonic and Adobe have signed an agreement to allow ATM to
be incorporated into Panasonic's line of dot printers and a new
laser printer.
---------------

SHOP TALK
     Things are happening on the computer dealer end of things that
I'd like to make you aware of.  IBM recently authorized Ingram and
Gates/FA to sell certain models of their computers.  (These are two
large distributors of hardware and software.)  Compaq has done the
same thing and now Apple seems to will take the same action.
     I suppose a little background is in order to understand why
this is so important.  Up until now, certain large companies have
required retailers to  be "authorized" to sell their products. 
Among the familiar names in this camp are Apple, IBM, Compaq, and
Hewlett-Packard.  Generally, a store had to sell a particular
number of units per year or per month to keep the authorization. 
As a small store owner, I think this sucks.  I get people asking me
for these name brand products, but can't get authorization because
my volume is too low.
     Anyway, by the time you read this, Apple is expected to
announce authorization agreements with Ingram, Merisel, and Tech
Data (large distributors).
     What this means to the end user is that you have a better
chance of getting these name brand products at you local computer
store, rather than having to deal with one of the large franchisees
like Computerland.
---------------

QUATTRO PRO 4
     I haven't seen it yet, but apparently version 4 of Quattro Pro
is now shipping.  Work on the Windows version is progressing and
sources say that a new pre-beta release of Quattro Pro for Windows
features drop-and-drag functionality similar to Excel's Version 4
beta.
     High in the list of features in the new DOS version are tight
integration with NetWare, faster performance, and enhanced graphics
and analytical features.  The mouse palette of Version 3 has been
replaced with a customizable text-based SpeedBar to facilitate menu
choices and formula building.  It is possible to write formulas by
pointing and clicking and not touching the keyboard.  A TurboSum
button facilitates addition of rows, columns, and cell blocks.
     There is also more file compatibility with other formats,
including Allways, 1-2-3 Release 3.X, and Harvard Graphics. 
Quattro Pro 4 will translate 1-2-3 Release 3.X three-dimensional
ranges into multiple linked workspaces.  There are still some
glitches in the Allways and Impress importing and there are some
color restrictions (ranges cannot be displayed in different hues,
for example).  Also included are an integrated spreadsheet auditor
and an Optimizer for solving complex multivariable problems.
---------------

DEC NEWS
     AS you read this, DEC should have announced the long-awaited
Alpha chip, a powerful microprocessor that DEC is betting its
future on.
     Alpha is a 64-bit RISC-based microprocessor that operates at
150mhz and can, in theory, perform up to 400 MIPS.  Workstations
based on this chip are expected to  begin shipping by the end of
the year.  Initially, the chip will support VMS and OSF/1 operating
systems.  DEC is reported to be working on porting Windows NT to
Alpha.
     The key to success of Alpha will be how quickly and easily
third-party developers can port their applications and how soon DEC
can ship the new machines in volume.  Some third-parties such as
Oracle and SAS Institutes are already porting their traditional
VMS-based applications.  DEC plans to license the chip to others. 
Cray Research has announced it will implement the chip in its
supercomputers.
---------------

WINDOWS NEWS
     Coming soon from Dynamix (Sierra On-Line) is a new game for
Windows called Pinball.  It is an animated VGA pinball pack with
six games, multiple playing fields, and animation.  Pinball will
feature full icon and multitasking support.  The six games reflect
themes from Sierra adventure games and include Space Quest, King's
Quest, Nova 9, Leisure Suit Larry, and Willy Beamish. There's also
a spoof on climbing the corporate ladder called Mr. Hosehead.
     Pinball is scheduled to ship in April with an MSRP of $49.95.
---------------
     Look for a new Windows version of TAPCIS, the Compuserve
front-end sometime this year.
---------------
Microsoft's Windows database, Cirrus, is expected to be announced
by mid-June, but sources say it will take longer to get it on the
shelves.  Representatives from Microsoft have been demonstrating
Cirrus' ability to tie into files from dBase and Paradox as well as
Microsoft's SQL Server.
---------------
     By the middle of the year expect to see yet another high-end
desktop publisher.  This one comes from the world of Mac in the
form of QuarkXpress for Windows.  It's a killer on the Mac, let's
hope it translates well.
     In a related thought, I've yet to see a product from Ready,
Set, Go! which was another Mac desktop publisher to be brought over
from that other world.
---------------
Just got my ATM Version 2 upgrade.  I can really tell a difference
in the speed.  If you have a 386 or better processor, spend the
money on the upgrade for sure.  I can't tell a difference in the
output on the screen or printer but all your present Type 1 fonts
should remain functional.  My only complaint is that I ordered the
upgrade on November 25th and got it on February 4th.
---------------
     Would you like for your WordPerfect for Windows to load a
little quicker?  If you have a decent sized RAMdisk, direct the
temporary files there by using the command line switch "/d-x:"
where "x" is the drive letter for the RAMdisk.  Otherwise,
WordPerfect will create a temporary subdirectory under WPWIN.  I
guess it's too hard to use the TEMP environment variable - I
thought that's what it was there for.
---------------
     Sierra's outrageous Laffer Utilities is now available in a
Windows version.  All the features are the same, but now you can do
"everything you do at the office that has nothing to do with work"
in the Windows environment.
--------------

FILE EXPRESS 5.1
     I love Expressware's File Express.  It's fast and easy to use,
yet fairly powerful for a flat-file database (I think it's far
superior to PC-File).  When they came out with Version 5, there
were some problems, however.  Everyone I know had problems with
databases being locked as if they were on a network (but weren't). 
Some labels and reports wouldn't print out right and setting
spacing on printouts was a hassle.
     Well, it looks like they're listening, because these problems
and more have been taken care of with Version 5.1.  They've brought
back autospacing on labels which makes layout a lot easier.  The
network locking can be turned off in the setup program so those of
us not on a network won't get locked out of our files.
     And there have been a number of new features added.  By
placing your cursor on a phone number, you can press CTRL-D and it
will dial your phone.  They've added more Quick Scan fields and you
can also jump when searching.  For example, say you're looking for
last names beginning with "S", you can jump to the "S" section
quicker.  Also, Quick Scan and Find Records can be switched between
with just a keystroke and you now have saveable Quick Scan setups
for frequently used queries.
     File Express now uses about 80K less memory and works better
with DOS 5.  They've included a PIF file and a nice ICO icon for
Windows users.  You can also have selective indexes, increment
fields, and a number of different enhancements.
     In the area of memory management, File Express now makes use
of whatever conventional, expanded, or extended memory is available
- automatically.  There is even an EMSCHECK program included to
make sure your EMS driver will work properly.
                =================================

DISCLAIMER
     RAndY's RumOR RaG is published on a monthly basis by AINSWORTH
COMPUTER SERVICES and is available on various BBS's, GEnie, and
America Online as well as in Modem News.
     In case anyone cares, RAndY's RumOR RaG is produced on a DTK
386-33 with 16 megs of memory, Cyrix Fasmath co-processor, ATI VGA
Wonder+ card (1 MB), 105 MB Toshiba IDE hard drive, Teac 1.2 MB,
360K, and 1.44 MB floppies, Sceptre SVGA display, Microsoft mouse,
WordPerfect for Windows and transmitted through a US Robotics HST
Dual Standard modem.
     Opinions expressed are those of the author.  Comments should
be addressed to Ainsworth Computer Services on GEnie, America
Online, phone, analog mail, or whatever method makes you feel good.

     AINSWORTH COMPUTER SERVICES
     605 W. Wishkah
     Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
     (206) 533-6647
     GEnie Address: RAG
     America Online: RumOR RaG