RAndY's RumOR RaG
January 1994

NEWS IN YER FACE
     Some distributors are reporting that sales of OS/2 are running
10 times that for Windows NT.
---------------
     Vendors and memory suppliers are predicting that DRAM prices
will rise about 5% per month for at least the next six months.  The
reason given is a growing demand for memory brought on by graphics
based software and inadequate manufacturing capacity.  It has also
been proclaimed that the epoxy resin packaging shortage which has
been predicted is now ended.  (Yeah, right).
---------------
     Borland has shipped a "field test" version of dBase for
Windows.  They're hoping to ship a final version in the first half
of 1994.  Testers say this beta version looks like Arago for
Windows, technology Borland purchased from WordTech Systems last
year.
---------------
     Eastman Kodak is planning to release an 80mm version of their
PhotoCD for use in notebooks and other handheld devices.
---------------
     There are reportedly numerous problems with Word for Window 6
and Microsoft should have a fix out by the time you read this. 
Users have reported problems with the right mouse button, drag-and-
drop features, printing glitches, and more.
---------------
     Insiders are predicting the demise of the 486SX-25 with the
introduction of Intel's DX3 clock-tripling chips.  The DX3 chips
are low voltage and have power management capabilities.  They will
be positioned below the Pentium.
     The 486DX3/75 will appear early in the first quarter with the
486DX3/99 arriving by the end of the first quarter.  Intel has not
ruled out the possibility of a DX4 chip quadrupler either.
     Cyrix announced they will have a similar tripling product in
the second half of 1994.
---------------
     At a recent conference in Burlingame, CA, Philippe Kahn gave
a speech titled "How Not To Sell Software".  Lotus head Jim Manzi
quipped, "I'm amazed he could condense that in an hour."
---------------
     Apple was letting employees buy two Newtons for holiday gifts
for $499.
---------------
     Cyrix has been experiencing manufacturing-supply problems.
---------------
     Lotus is getting ready to ship a multimedia version of 1-2-3
for Windows which will include ScreenCam technology.
     ScreenCam lets you record keystrokes and cursor movement, copy
whatever is on the screen, and lets users create training movies
and annotate them with voice comments.
     ScreenCam is in beta testing and will ship in the first
quarter of 1994.
---------------
     Look for OS/2 2.2 sometime in 1994.  The new version will go
into beta testing early next year and will feature support for
symmetrical multi-processing.  IBMers are wondering if maybe two
versions are needed, one for uniprocessor users and one for SMP
users.
---------------

CHICAGO REVAMPED
     Microsoft has made some changes to the forthcoming 32-bit
version of Windows, code-named Chicago.
     Look for plug-and-play functionality, some 32-bit perks, and
networking features from Windows for Workgroups.  Mail and
scheduling may be offered as add-ons.  They're targeting 386
machines with 4 megs of memory.
     Plug-and-play means you can plug in a new card or peripheral
and when you power up the computer it will automatically sense and
record the configuration changes.
     There will likely be a version without the graphical interface
of DOS 7.
     The full beta of Chicago will not ship until March or April
(it had been expected in February).  Release will be in late summer
or early fall of 1994, but others suggest it may be as late as
November.
---------------

WORDPERFECT MAIN STREET
     Last month I talked about WordPerfect's efforts to get their
products into your home under the banner of WordPerfect Main Street
products.
     Here are some products you can expect and their anticipated
list prices:  WordPerfect Works for Windows ($149), ExpressFax+ for
Windows ($99), Random House Webster's School and Office Dictionary
for Windows and DOS ($29), Clip Art Premium Collection on CD-ROM
for Windows and Macintosh ($99), Clip Art for Home for Windows and
Macintosh ($39), Clip Art for Office for Windows and Macintosh
($39), Clip Art for Kids for Windows and Macintosh ($39), and
Personal Information Manager for Windows ($149).
     WordPerfect has also licensed entertainment software from Tune
1000 Corp. which includes Kid Karaoke for Windows and Macintosh. 
This includes "has the Fisher Price look with a lot of the primary
colors."
---------------

A NEW NT
     Microsoft is beta testing an interim release of Windows NT
called Version 1.1 and scheduled for release by mid-1994.
     This release, code-named Daytona, is boosting speed while
cutting memory requirements.  There will be support for OLE 2,
faster video drivers, an engine for 3-D graphics licensed from
Silicon Graphics, and NetWare client software included in the
workstation version.
     The next release of NT Advanced Server will included features
for TCP/IP configuration, account lockout capabilities, the ability
to run DOS and Windows applications from an NT server.
     Nobody's talking specifics for price, but it's expected to be
more than $200.
---------------

OS/2 FOR WINDOWS
     Recently I reported on an IBM product code-named Ferengi which
has since turned into OS/2 for Windows.  So what is this thing?
     It's basically a version of OS/2 that uses an existing
installation of Windows 3.1 instead of the Windows emulation
normally provided in the OS/2 package.
     Of course, Windows applications will run faster with OS/2 for
Windows than under WIN-OS/2.  Some quirks have been encountered,
among them being Windows sometimes not exiting properly.  As
before, programs needing virtual device drivers will not run.
---------------

MORE NEWS IN YER FACE
     Look for CorelDraw! 5 to be released in May for Windows, 
followed by an OS/2 version three months later.  Ventura Publisher
will be a pert of CorelDraw! and they're working now on porting
Ventura to OS/2.
---------------
     IBM has resumed shipments of the ThinkPad 500 following
reports of battery problems in late October.
---------------
     McAfee Associates, of anti-virus fame, have signed a
distribution agreement with Ingram Micro, a large reseller.  This
is a first for McAfee.
---------------
     Media Vision will ship a $499 PCMCIA sound card sometime next
quarter.
---------------
     Look for a new series of Pentium chips this year with second-
generation chips shipping by next quarter.  These chips will have
4 times the yield per wafer, using only 6-8 watts versus the
current 12-13 watts.  This will lower heat, yet allow Intel to
produce more chips in higher quantities with lower costs.
---------------
     Sales of Windows for Workgroups have suddenly taken off with
the release of a new version.  See a review later in this issue.
---------------
     GEnie is preparing a Windows front-end for their online
service, but no word yet on its release.  Should be soon - I'll let
you know.
---------------
     WordPerfect and Shana have settled their differences over
WordPerfect's InForms package.  Shana thought the name sounded too
much like a couple of their products.  Following litigation,
neither company will change the names of their products.  Sounds
like a productive use of court time.
---------------
     Industry sources report that up to 25% of multimedia upgrade
kits are returned by consumers because they are frustrated by
installation problems.  This has not been my experience, but I can
understand why people would return some of these things.
---------------
     Blockbuster Video Stores have launched a CD-ROM rental program
at 52 of their stores in Northern California.  Titles rent for $4
for three nights and a system and a title for $14.95 for three
nights.
---------------
     Prodigy (the best way to throw away your money) has new color-
coded menus and buttons along with a less cluttered design with
more readable TrueType fonts.  You can now send binary files and
play back sound, see digitized photos and support for new services. 
I just report this stuff - Who cares about what Prodigy does?
---------------

MPC WIZARD 2
     This $15 CD has been updated with a few new still images and
several WAV and AVI files.  The AVI files are better than most
packages, but could still be better.
     The testing end of Wizard has been substantially improved. 
Besides performing several tests on your CD-ROM drive, Wizard will
do several checks on your sound card and see how well your system
does with Video for Windows.  New to this version is the ability to
print your test results.
     Take the tests with a grain of salt.  I've seen these things
indicate faulty hardware when nothing was wrong.  What do you want
for $15?
---------------

MULTIMEDIA CAVEAT
     Be careful if you buy a multimedia upgrade kit.  Often these
CD-ROM/sound card bundles come packaged with a variety of software. 
Just because something is on CD doesn't mean it's any good, let 
alone multimedia.
     You should be aware that Microsoft's Bookshelf is produced in
both DOS and Windows versions.  If your bundle includes Bookshelf,
I'd make sure it's the one for Windows, although either is
excellent.
     Most bundled encyclopedias are DOS-based as are the occult-
based games that are often bundled with these packages.  There's
nothing wrong with DOS-based software, but many people expect that
all CD software is for Windows.
     I recently sold one of these bundles and got to see the Time
Almanac 1993.  The program runs from Windows, but is largely
textual information.  It's not a bad package overall because there
is a large amount of historical material included as well.  But
multimedia it ain't.  The worst part is seeing Clinton's face on
the opening screen as Man of the Year.  (Excuse me as I hurl!)
     One of the best examples of multimedia software I've seen is
Encarta.  I'm told that the new Grolier's is excellent also.  But
be aware that these cost bucks.  The hardware may be coming down in
price, but good multimedia software is still somewhat expensive.
     Many of these bundles come with speakers which sit on each
side of your monitor.  You should remember that the resonant
qualities of plastic do not qualify for high-fidelity.  Hook up to
your stereo if possible.
---------------

SHAPE UP OR SLIP OUT
     This is the newest installment in the Leisure Suit Larry
series (#6).  The premise is that you're at an exclusive health spa
and need to help out several shapely, attractive ladies.
     The jokes are moderately tasteless and Sierra has added a
number of sampled sounds to enhance your gaming experience. 
Included are both DOS and Windows versions but be aware that the
Windows version is significantly slower.  I had thought the last
Larry would be the final one, but I guess the popularity of the
species remains high.  This game is suggested for mature audiences
with a sticker on the package.
---------------

NEW WINDOWS VERSION - NOW
     I thought that headline would sucker you in.  Actually, there
is a new version of Windows which is available right now.
     Windows for Workgroups 3.11 will work on a stand-alone
machine.  This version includes a personal scheduler which works
well without being hooked up to a network.  If you're on a wire,
you can check others' schedules, notify them of meetings, check for
compatible meeting times, etc.
     Also included are faxing capabilities through the first
implementation of Microsoft's "At Work" technology.  The
functionality of the fax module is similar to that of stand-alone
fax packages.  It ties in with the Network Post Office which allows
E-mail on your network, if so connected.  Operation is the same as
packages such as WinFax Pro.  Sending a fax from an application is
slower than a commercial package, but it works.  I wish there were
a way to print my phone book of fax numbers too.
     Microsoft claims that 3.11 is faster than Windows 3.1.  This
claim comes largely from the ability to have 32-bit file access. 
What they don't tell you is that you either have to have a
permanent swap file or none for this feature to work.  It won't
work with a temporary swap file.  (I haven't been able to get it to
work yet with either option on my machine.)
     Both File Manager and Print Manager now come with Toolbars and
the one in File Manager is customizable.  If you install Windows
for Workgroups 3.11 over an existing installation, it won't mess up
your carefully tweaked INI files.  And you don't need a network to
use it (except for E-mail and other network features).
     I am unable to test the software on a network because I don't
have one at my office.  I have seen it demonstrated and Microsoft
has reworked the areas that left the previous version lacking. 
Support for DOS and NetWare are tremendously improved
     Here's the good news - you don't need to rush out and buy the
whole package.  Microsoft makes a product called Add-On which adds
the new functionality.  It will change your existing Windows
installation and update it with new files and the new applications
(so you don't need to pay for all the Windows files).  And the
price is only $69.95 - with a $10 rebate coupon for Windows for
Workgroups 3.1 owners.  A DOS add-on is also available for hooking
up with DOS-only computers.  Of course, Windows NT linkage is
supported.
     Check it out.  Major mail-order cloners are using 3.11 instead
of 3.1 on new machines.
---------------

NEXT MONTH
     I had planned to talk about three new products, none of which
were released in December as they were scheduled to be.
     January will be a better month for Maui, a card from Turtle
Beach which complements an existing sound card to give it sampled
sounds.  I tracked one down and will be working on the review by
the time you read this.  Then there's the NEC 3Xi triple spin CD-
ROM drive which is due out the first week of January.  And finally
I hope to see Excel 5.0 before the end of January, but I'm not
holding my breath. The anticipated ship date is the last week of
the month.  Vaporware sucks - uh huh huh huh uh huh huh...
                =================================

                          DISCLAIMER
     RAndY's RumOR RaG is published on a monthly basis by AINSWORTH
COMPUTER SERVICES and is available on various local BBS's, GEnie,
and America Online as well as in Modem News.
     In case anyone cares, RAndY's RumOR RaG is produced on a 486-
50 with 8 megs of memory, Diamond Stealth Pro VESA VLB (1 MB), 105
MB Toshiba IDE hard drive, Teac 1.2 MB and 1.44 MB floppies, Pro
Audio Spectrum 16 running a Hitachi 3750 CD ROM drive, Sceptre SVGA
display, Microsoft mouse, WordPerfect for Windows and transmitted
through a US Robotics HST Dual Standard modem.
     Opinions expressed are those of the author.  Comments should
be addressed to Ainsworth Computer Services on GEnie, phone, analog
mail, or whatever method makes you feel good.

     AINSWORTH COMPUTER SERVICES
     605 W. Wishkah
     Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
     (206) 533-6647
     GEnie Address: RAG
     America Online: RumOR RaG