RAndY's RumOR RaG
August 1994

NEWS IN YER FACE
      WordPerfect's  flashy slide show at PC  Expo  was  produced
using a Macromedia product, not their own Presentations.  Hmmm  .
. .
---------------
      Beta  testers  report that a PIM is being  included  as  an
applet  with Chicago which has the look of a pen-based interface.
This  leads some to speculate that Chicago will include  features
for  the  handheld  crowd.   Also included  is  a  remote  access
architecture which includes infrared communications for  wireless
messaging.   Wordpad is another new applet which  combined  Write
and Notepad.
---------------
      This  fall, Adobe will release Photoshop 3.0 for Macintosh,
PC,  and  PowerPC.  Distributed on CD-ROM, this new version  will
feature  multiple  layers,  new color correction  tools,  and  an
improved user interface.  They suggest that Windows users have  a
Pentium, Windows NT, and 32 megs of memory.
---------------
       Microsoft  recently  granted  NexGen  (producer   of   586
generation   microprocessors)  the  right  to  use  the   Windows
Compatible  logo  with the Nx586 processor.  As  I  recall,  this
processor is fully code compatible with the Pentium but does  not
have a math co-processor.
---------------
      Philippe Kahn said to then-Novell CEO Ray Noorda  after  he
shrugged off Kahn's suggested merger of the two companies:   "Why
don't you like me?  You're like my father!"
---------------
     Aldus is looking to sell their Freehand Graphics software in
order  to ward off antitrust and other legal problems which could
block  their  merger  with  Adobe.  The  original  developers  of
Freehand  Graphics (Altsys) has a non-competition agreement  with
Aldus  which  would  be violated with their Adobe  merger,  since
Adobe has Illustrator.
      Altsys also collects Freehand royalties which accounted for
half  of  their 1993 revenue of $7.5 million.  Freehand  accounts
for only about 15% of Aldus' revenues.
     If Altsys regains rights to Freehand, they could license the
software to an Adobe/Aldus rival or sell the package under  their
own  name.   But, says James Von Ehr, president of Altsys,  "They
want  me  to pay a whole lot of money for Freehand that  I'm  not
willing to pay."
---------------
      Look  for  Quarterdeck  to apply  their  memory  management
expertise  to  limited memory devices such as portable  computers
and  PDAs,  helping  them tap the Internet and other  information
sources via an easy-to-use GUI.
---------------
     "We have plenty of guys with ponytails and earrings" - Steve
Solazzo, IBM marketing director, multimedia applications.
---------------

OS/2 UPDATES AHEAD
      An  IBM  banner at the recent PC Expo in New York exclaimed
"Flight  4.0  to Chicago has been delayed."  Looks  like  IBM  is
going to use Microsoft's troubles getting Chicago to market as an
opportunity to sell OS/2.
     Look for several new versions of OS/2 to surface this year.
       Available   this  summer  will  be  OS/2  for  Symmetrical
Multiprocessing  which I mentioned last month.  This  product  is
aimed  at  Windows  NT,  which Microsoft is  still  promising  to
upgrade before this fall.  Look for a list price in the $395-$795
range  (depending upon the number of processors supported).   IBM
claims it will support up to 16 processors!
      A new version of OS/2 for Windows (with a new name) will be
here  by October.  It will be smaller and faster and require less
memory.   Enterprise OS/2 will also run in 4 megs of  memory  and
will  be similar to the full-blown version of OS/2 available now.
Finally, by year's end you'll also see OS/2 for PowerPC  (but  it
might be early 1995).
      Microsoft  is not visibly shaken about possible competition
as  predicted Brad Chase, general manager of the Personal Systems
group at Microsoft, "Chicago will break every sales record in the
book."
---------------

OS/2 CD
      OK, I've become an OS/2 convert so it is now incumbent upon
me to talk about OS/2 software.
      Check  out  the Hobbes OS/2 CD-ROM.  I don't know  what  it
costs (a friend loaned it to me) but you've got about 3,000 files
covering   every  category  from  development  tools,  utilities,
drivers, games, comm programs, and much more.
      Most  of  the programs are shareware and many are  crippled
(until you send payment to the author).  Some of the programs are
quite  good.   My  favorite  is a character-based  communications
program called Livewire.  It reminds me of the DOS Procomm.
     There are drivers for everything from video to sound card CD
interfaces  and  tons more.  You'll find tips on optimizing  OS/2
and other interesting and helpful documentation.  There's even an
IBM  Corrective Service update which corrects some minor problems
and upgrades you to OS/2 2.11.
      This particular CD is available on a subscription basis and
is  distributed quarterly.  Decent OS/2 software can be  hard  to
find and this disc is a good place to start.
---------------

MORE PC IN PCS
      I  get  tremendous  flack every time  I  make  a  statement
concerning  homosexuality (either in the  RaG  or  on  the  local
BBSs).   What does this have to do with computers?  I don't  want
to read this stuff in a computer publication.
      If  this  bothers you, you might as well skip to  the  next
section right now.
      Back  in  1991, Lotus was the first major company to  grant
health insurance to homosexual couples.  Microsoft and Apple have
similar   policies.   This  year,  Microsoft   publicly   opposed
Initiative  608  in  the state of Washington  which  stated  that
homosexuals  have  no  rights above any other  citizen  and  that
homosexuality  could  not be taught in the schools  as  a  health
behavior.
     Oracle recently aroused the wrath of some of their employees
when  they  sponsored a gay pride display at a company  facility.
Diversity Manager (what is that?) Vicki Yee sent a memo  stating,
"Gay  and  lesbian employees who are uncomfortable  in  the  work
environment. . . are not as productive as other employees."
      I  have about had it with politically correct companies and
municipalities putting a stamp of endorsement on a behavior which
has  been proven harmful to those who engage in it.  Just  a  few
years  ago, this was a behavior that one was ashamed of.  It's  a
sad  world.   (Send your hate mail to me, not to whoever  carries
the RaG.)
---------------

INNOVATIVE & USEFUL MULTIMEDIA
      I  have  no problem with multimedia software but too  often
it's  a  gee-whiz thing.  It's cool to look at and play with  but
serves little or no useful purpose.
      From  Australia  comes  PICS  (Parts  Interpretive  Catalog
System), a windows-based multimedia catalog for companies needing
parts  cataloging.   PICS digitally stores and retrieves  complex
parts,  equipment,  and inventories for businesses  ranging  from
auto  dealerships  to  coal mines.  The system  uses  a  run-time
version of SQLBase from Gupta and works on a 486 with Windows.
      Users  can point and click to retrieve exploded  images  of
equipment along with CAD drawings, color images, video and  audio
demonstrations.  The system enables companies to publish catalogs
of  up  to  200,000  pages  on a CD-ROM  using  industry-standard
interfaces  allowing  integration with  legacy  systems  such  as
inventory, order entry, and manufacturing.
      It  sells for $1,100 per PC with maintenance available  for
15% of the purchase price per year.
---------------

MORE NEWS IN YER FACE
     "We're using Microsoft Mail.  We eat our own dog food, so to
speak."  -  Bill Gates explaining that's he's also  a  client  of
Microsoft, not just their CEO.
---------------
     Microsoft is thinking about dropping the price of Windows NT
to make it a stronger competitor with Novell's NetWare.  Insiders
say  that the 10-20 user network price may drop to the $900-$1000
range (current price is $1,495).
---------------
      Novell  is considering a 64-bit version of NetWare  for  an
undetermined  future date - which could require  a  complete  re-
write of the network operating system to take advantage of 64-bit
processors.   Such  a  product would  require  third  parties  to
rewrite  NetWare Loadable Modules and other applications to  take
advantage of 64-bit processors.
---------------
      Lotus  may  soon  have a challenge to the OS/2  spreadsheet
world with the August introduction of Mesa 2 for OS/2.  This will
be  a  native 32-bit, object oriented spreadsheet from a  company
that  has  become  quite  popular  in  the  NeXT  world.   Athena
Marketing  Director  Tracy Kugelman says that  this  is  a  full-
featured  OS/2  application and "It's not  a  port."   Mesa  will
feature  a workbook-like GUI in the form of a layered spreadsheet
with tabs, taking advantage of multithreading capabilities.
---------------
      Pro  OS/2  IBMers  have been wearing T-shorts  bearing  the
motto:  "Chicago - Been there, done that."
---------------
      Intel  and  WordPerfect are negotiating to include  Intel's
conferencing software on a new CD-ROM suite called PerfectOffice.
---------------
      Corel will slip in a maintenance release of CorelDraw  when
they ship Ventura in August.
---------------
     Egghead and Microsoft will be distributing 300,000 copies of
a CD-ROM interactive catalog beginning in October.  An additional
200,000  will be distributed through sources other than  Egghead.
The  catalog  will  be available to customers for  $14.95  for  a
single issue and $29.95 for a one-year subscription.
      Multimedia Know-It-All will look at product areas  such  as
sporting  goods, musical instruments, and travel.  It  will  also
contain   information  about  thousands  of   computer   products
including   descriptions,  photographs,  reviews,   prices,   and
technical specifications.
---------------
      Intel is getting ready to position the Pentium as the  low-
end  of the business and consumer markets in preparation for  the
release  of  the  P-6.   The  60mhz  and  66mhz  lines  will   be
transformed into manufacturing 75mhz Pentiums.
      Speaking of the P-6, Intel has started the quest for a name
for  this  new processor.  Remember, the last time  they  had  an
internal  contest among employees and Andy Grove didn't like  any
of the names and used an outside firm to come up with the Pentium
moniker.
---------------
     I hear that Novell and Lotus are still looking at each other
with the possibility of a merger.
---------------
     Here's a new acronym for IBM:  I Built Microsoft.
---------------
      Did  you know that IBM recently approached Microsoft  about
the  possibility  of porting Chicago to the PowerPC.   Apparently
IBM's  own  OS/2  for  the PowerPC will  be  delayed  later  than
expected.   Microsoft officials insist that Chicago  is  an  x86-
specific  product.   To do this port, IBM would  need  access  to
Chicago's  source  code.  I wonder how they  could  benefit  from
that?
---------------

CHICAGO UPDATE
      Beta  testers  are reporting that while the code  is  quite
stable for a product at this stage of development, there are some
major problems in the current beta release.  Testers have already
submitted 60 pages of known problems with the operating system.
      One  major  problem is the inability to use long filenames.
Older   Microsoft  or  compatible  clients  "may  have   problems
connecting to and using a shared directory with a long file  name
as the directory" says one report.  Creating a long filename will
give  an error message if an OS/2 namespace is not loaded on  the
server,  some  multimedia applications will not be able  to  save
files with long filenames.  Using DoubleSpace in MS-DOS 6.x  will
destroy long filenames in Chicago.
      Also,  several aspects of OLE 2.0 such as the common dialog
for  Insert  Object, Paste Special, Convert,  Links,  and  Object
Properties have not yet been implemented.  Drag-and-drop has  not
yet  been  fully supported in the Chicago version of  InfoCenter,
not is the ability to embed objects or links.
      Applications  are  also  having trouble,  such  as  Adobe's
Acrobat  1.0 not functioning correctly; and Word 6.0a will  crash
when  you  add  a  new  data record to a  form  letter  document.
Symantec's  C++  version  6.1 and Norton  Utilities  version  8.0
"refuse to run under any version of Windows except for 3.1."
      Of  course by now you've likely heard that Chicago will  be
delayed until after the first of the year.  Some are even  saying
that  it will be in the April-June period before it gets  to  the
shelf.   Microsoft says they won't ship until they have a month's
worth  or  product manufactured.  Even Steven Ballmer said,  "I'd
say  there  is  not a chance we'll have [Chicago] in  the  stores
before January."
---------------

ANTI-VIRUS ROM
      McAffee  Associates has come up with a single chip solution
to  the  problem of virus detection at boot-up.  ROMShield  plugs
into the vacant boot-ROM socket on Ethernet adapters and prevents
virus  infections by installing itself as an extended BIOS before
the system accesses the boot and master boot records.  If a virus
is  detected,  ROMShield suspends the boot process to  allow  the
user to remove the virus.
     The chip has special OEM-definable algorithms for preventing
false   alarms  but  company  officials  say  that  it   "doesn't
substitute  or eliminate the need for postboot virus protection."
The device sells for $69.99.
---------------

PROCOMM PLUS FOR WINDOWS 2
      It's  been quite some time since Datastorm introduced their
Windows-based   telecommunications  package.   How   could   they
possibly improve on this excellent product?
      Of  course  the ability to fax from either applications  or
from within Procomm has been added.  Also added is a configurable
implementation  of  the IND$FILE protocol for communicating  with
IBM  mainframes.   The  Action Bar is now customizable,  but  the
icons  are  too  large for my taste (and thereby  waste  valuable
screen real estate).
      The  first  thing  you'll notice is that the  program  runs
considerably  faster than its predecessor.   There  are  numerous
options  for  customizing the program to the  way  you  want  it.
Unfortunately there seems to be no way to get rid of  the  scroll
bars  at  the  right and bottom of the screen.   For  those  with
internal modems, the bottom right of the screen can display modem
lights which emulate those on an external modem.  Fortunately you
can  turn  this whole line of useless information off.   You  can
attach a WAV file to various events such as file download finish,
carrier detect, etc.
      Host mode now carries an option for implementing a fax-back
service.   In fact, the whole process of rendering a document  to
be faxed seems much faster than other fax programs.
      The ASPECT language has been changed.  I hope you kept your
WAS  files because the installation process will convert them for
use in the new program.  If you're like me and dumped your source
files  after  you compiled them, you'll have to  start  all  over
again.  Some scripts will require rewriting.
      Speaking  of  the  dialing directory, it has  been  greatly
enhanced  to allow data, fax, and voice numbers as well as  other
information about people you call.
     The default terminal font is the most ugly, unreadable thing
I've ever seen.  You'll want to switch to something like Terminal
- just about anything is better than the default.
      One thing missing is support for RIP graphics which are  so
popular with BBSs these days.  Overall, they've done a great  job
of upgrading an already great product.  It chews up a little more
hard  drive space, but the increased speed and functionality  are
worth it.
---------------

NEXT MONTH
      Sorry  this  won't get here in time, but in  the  September
issue  I'll be looking at Woodstock, the CD.  I should also  have
Mad  Dog McCree II - The Lost Gold to review.  Beyond that, we'll
just have to wait and see what happens.
                =================================

                          DISCLAIMER
      RAndY's  RumOR  RaG  is published on  a  monthly  basis  by
AINSWORTH  COMPUTER SERVICES and is available  on  various  local
BBS's, GEnie, and in Modem News.
     In case anyone cares, RAndY's RumOR RaG is produced on a 486-
50  with  8  megs of memory, 420 MB Connor IDE hard drive,  105MB
Toshiba  IDE  hard drive, TEAC 1.2 MB and 1.44 MB  floppies,  Pro
Audio  Spectrum  16 running a Hitachi 3750 CD ROM drive,  Trident
VLB  video card, Sceptre SVGA display, Microsoft mouse, Word  for
Windows  and transmitted through a US Robotics HST Dual  Standard
modem.
     Opinions expressed are those of the author.  Comments should
be  addressed to Ainsworth Computer Services on GEnie, via phone,
analog mail, or whatever method makes you feel good.

     AINSWORTH COMPUTER SERVICES
     605 W. Wishkah
     Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
     (206) 533-6647
     GEnie Address: RAG

