                             RAndY's RumOR RaG
                               December 1991

MISCELLANEOUS
     WordPerfect is beta testing a new WordPerfect Executive.  This program hasn't seen
an update since May of 1987, so it's about time.
     Included will be LetterPerfect, communications, database, spreadsheet, and fax
applications.
                              ---------------
     Novell's new Netware Lite is apparently having some difficulties, especially when
trying to run Windows.  Performance is poor and some say that even DOS performance is
nowhere close to the more expensive Novell packages.
                              ---------------

WINDOWS NEWS
     I hear that Borland's demonstration of Quattro Pro for Windows at Comdex was
interrupted by applause when the demo was halted by an Unrecoverable Application Error.
                              ---------------
     I went to order my upgrade to Ventura Publisher and was told that the product
would not be available until January - after I've seen full-color two-page advertisements in
all the magazines for the last month.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

     Real mode will be dropped entirely when Windows 3.1 debuts soon.  So what's the
loss?
                              ---------------
     By the time you read this, Adobe Systems will have released a new version of ATM
which supports Windows 3.1.  Features will include additional printer support for PostScript
and LaserJet III printers, modified font installation routines, and improvements to font
rendering speed.  According to Adobe, ATM 2 runs twice as fast on 386 and 486 computers. 
Since Type 1 fonts appear to compete with Windows upcoming TrueType technology, "We
want to make it clear that Type 1 fonts will co-exist with TrueType [and] that it is absolutely
compatible." says John Kunze, director of product marketing for Adobe's applications
division.  Upgrade price to current owners will be $27.50.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     Borland has introduced a new product called Screenery.  Included are wallpaper
designs, screen saver routines, and product icons.  Wallpaper images include an Escher-like
scene, Polynesian tikis, parched sand dunes, an ornate Chinese dragon, and a jazz jam
session.  Retail price is $34.95 and free with registration comes an additional disk of more
wallpaper, icons, and screen savers.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     Looks like Microsoft may not have done a thorough job of beta testing with their new
Entertainment packs.  When playing Tut's Tomb, I've had several occasions where I'd select
a card from the pile and it would  highlight the one underneath.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
Hewlett-Packard is delaying release of NewWave for OS/2, but the Windows 3.1 compatible
version will ship on time.  HP says that development has been scaled back on the OS/2
product, but it has not been abandoned.
                             ---------------


OS/2 NEWS
     Things are getting itchy waiting for the new release of OS/2.  Apparently,
WordPerfect, Lotus Development, and Micrografx urged IBM to wait on shipping until all
the promised functionality could be fully implemented and tested.
Of course Microsoft continues to poo-poo the whole thing, so the war and the wait rages
on.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     I think of a joke I heard recently.  If IBM had designed the phone system, every time
you added a new phone, everyone in the world would have to hang up.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     Speaking of OS/2, I finally managed to install Version 1.3.  It would not install with
only 12 megs of memory, but when I got the system up to a full 16 megs, it finally went. 
I guess it's an OK operating system, but it's tough to judge when you don't have any
applications.  The speed seems decent enough, but it's like a mixture of Windows 2.x and
Windows 3 with not enough of Windows 3.  This thing takes 19 1.44M disks, but without
the LAN Requestor, Communications and Database Managers, you only use eight of the
disks.  IBM suggests that you have 16 MB of free hard drive space for the Base Operating
System.  That's a bit much to ask of anyone, I think.  But if OS/2 1.3 is any indication, I'm
still keeping my mind open about Version 2.  Jeez, I hope they do it right.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

WORDPERFECT FOR WINDOWS
     The wait was worth it!
     You've all heard the specs for months so I won't go into detail there.  I think it better
if I just give some of my impressions after working with the software.
     Installation is done through DOS, similar to other WordPerfect products.
     I don't like GUI word processors.  Ami Pro is nice, but the icons are too cryptic to
figure out.  Word for Windows just plain sucks like it's DOS cousin (I haven't seen Version
2 yet).  But WordPerfect has done it right.  When I load a word processor, the last thing
I want to see is a busy screen.  I don't want to see a bunch of menus, borders, or any other
crapola.
     The Button Bar can be turned off, but even with it on it is not imposing.  I do feel
that having the Ruler displayed tends to make the screen too busy.  You're probably best
turning it on only when you're going to use it.
     With most Windows word processors, when you type something the current line
flashes as the program attempts to update word and character spacing.  WPWin doesn't do
that - in fact I can't out-type it.
     The File Manager is a work of art, sure to imitated by others in the near future.  I
like the Viewer which lets you preview not only documents, but also graphic files.  Moving
through your directory tree is also easy, as are copying, deleting, and moving files.
     I've only gotten a UAE once - while trying to print a DOS 5.1 document.  When I
switched to the WordPerfect printer driver, everything was OK though.
     I've also noticed that the speed can slow down if you're running other tasks.  But my
biggest concern is with hardware.  I've installed WPWIN on SX systems, and if you've only
got 2 megs of RAM, it pages to disk too much to be productive.  An upgrade to 4 megs or
more makes the situation better.  Also, be aware that if you install the complete package
(with tutorial, sample macros, and graphics) it will eat up 9 megs of hard drive space.
     There are some anomalies I've found that need to be corrected.  Sometimes the
typing is slow to appear on the screen, my default font changes sometimes and needs to be
changed back, but overall they've done an excellent job in bringing their DOS product to a
graphical environment.  Try it, you'll like it!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

PC WORLD - HUH?
     The current issue of PC World highlights pieces of hardware that they think are what
you should buy.  Their choice for CPU is the 486SX.  Huh?  Who would buy this piece of
crap invented by the marketing department?  Since when do the marketing nerds control
technical development?  I'm getting really torked at the TV ads which show a close-up
camera roaming through the innards of a computer, ending up at the CPU with a big motel-
like vacancy sign pointing toward the co-processor socket.
     And speaking of magazines, I've never really cared for PC World anyway.  Their
articles are too superficial without any real substance.  They don't tell you anything.
     I've always preferred PC Magazine.  The articles contain plenty of information,
although I can do without some of the more esoteric theme issues (Lan-Fax-Pen-Notebook
special issues).  I've also found it odd that products from major advertisers are rarely given
poor reviews . . . hmmm.  But overall, PC Mag has an excellent blend of technical
information, reviews, and information on new technology.  Of course, the first thing I read
after tearing out 5 pounds of inserted advertising, is Dvorak.
     One of the newer magazines that isn't too bad is PC Computing.  It's put out by the
same people who do PC Mag and many of the regular columnists cross over.  Dvorak vs.
Seymour is typically pretty good.  The articles aren't as technical, but there are usually some
good tips on various subjects ranging from memory management to software tricks.  It's a
good expenditure of three bucks.
     The Windows Magazine isn't too bad, although some issues are better than others. 
The focus is, of course, on Windows with reviews and information on the explosion of
Windows hardware and software.
     There's another magazine called PC Publishing that has really good information for
those who are into desktop publishing.  The subscriptions aren't too pricey and the
illustrations are printed on good quality stock.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------


TELL ME WHY
     Can anyone tell me why you can't import an XLC file into any Windows application? 
Each month, I have need to create a report which contains a graph.  Being a Windows
person, I've been using either WordPerfect in combination with Ventura Publisher or
PageMaker.  When I try to bring in an Excel chart through the clipboard, the alignment on
the labels usually gets messed up and I have to resort to using a dedicated charting program. 
Why doesn't anybody allow you to import an XLC (Excel chart file) directly?
     The same thing goes for Corel Draw.  As popular as Corel is, you'd think that
somebody would be able to use a CDR file.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

WINDOWS 3.1 UPDATE
     Beta testers report that the latest beta release of Windows 3.1 is very stable and has
several new features not found in earlier beta versions.
     Among the new features are an interactive tutorial, an object packager for embedded
or linked objects, a character map utility for inserting special characters into documents, and
a registration information editor that maintains a database holding information about
applications.  Apparently, performance boosts are very evident also.  Networking has been
improved.  The product is expected to ship on time (whenever that is).
     Beta testers are raving over the new file manager which not only is faster, but
supports multiple windows and works well with network drives.
     Unrecoverable Application Errors are nearly eliminated with selective reboot as I
mentioned last month.
     The registration information editor is a critical component of the new printing powers
built into the new Windows.  With 3.1 you can drag a document icon, drop in on the print
manager icon, and the document will print.  The print manager uses the registration
database so it will know which application to open to enable printing of the file.
     The object editor, located in the program manager's accessories group, is a utility
used to create a package, which is then inserted into a document supporting OLE.  A
package "is an icon that represents an embedded or linked object" according to the Windows
3.1 online help documentation.  Double clicking on such an icon invokes the application
associated with the embedded or linked object.
     Look for all of this to happen sometime in the first quarter of 1992.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
                                    
INTEL-LIGENT ALTERNATIVE
     Have you noticed the price on math co-processors?  These things are getting to the
point where they're almost worth it.
     Well, I couldn't resist and recently bought one.  I have a 386-33, so I knew it wouldn't
be cheap.  But do I buy a real Intel chip or one of the others like IIT or Cyrix?
     I decided on the Cyrix and to date have experienced no compatibility problems.  The
FasMath co-processor works great and seems to be faster than the Intel chips I've installed. 
I have found one program that won't work with it, however.  The Intel 387DX diagnostic
apparently looks for some type of Intel signature and refuses to continue.  It figures . . .
     Unless you have need for AutoCAD math, I'd recommend against buying one of the
121-pin enhanced co-processors.  Unless you have need of such a thing, you're going to pay
about double the price.  Spreadsheets don't need that kind of power.
                =================================

                           DISCLAIMER
     RAndY's RumOR RaG is published on a monthly basis by AINSWORTH
COMPUTER SERVICES and is available on GEnie, America Online, and various BBS's 
with excerpts in Modem News.
     Opinions expressed are those of the author.  Comments should
be addressed to Ainsworth Computer Services on GEnie or America Online.

     AINSWORTH COMPUTER SERVICES
     605 W. Wishkah
     Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
     (206) 533-6647
     GEnie Address: RAG
     America Online: RUmOR RaG