RAndY's RumOR RaG
November 1994

NEWS IN YER FACE
     The next version of Quicken, to be released this month, will
include  a  Tax  Planner,  Snapshot  personal  finance  overview,
improved   forecasting,  and  the  HomeBase  program   navigator.
They're  also enhancing on-line services despite company research
that  indicates  that  less  than 2%  of  Quicken  customers  use
electronic  bill paying.  Coming in future versions: improvements
in   electronic  banking,  credit  card  services,  and  checking
accounts.
---------------
      Microsoft  continues  to pump the  Windows95  bandwagon  by
marketing  a book by Adrian King called "Inside Windows95".   How
in  the hell can they do a book like this when they haven't  even
gotten the second beta out yet?
---------------
     Compaq's new ProLinea line is shipping with AMD processors -
but  Compaq  is  not  advertising that  fact.   Said  one  Compaq
marketing  VP,  "If  we use Seagate or Quantum  hard  drives,  it
doesn't  make any difference.  The microprocessor, like the  hard
drive,  is just one of the components of the machine."  The  move
to  use  AMD  chips  instead of the customary Intel  is  seen  by
analysts as a blow to Intel.
---------------
      Adobe  pulled  a good one.  They put a time  bomb  in  test
versions of the Mac Photoshop 3, so that the program couldn't  be
used  after  January 1.  The programmers forgot to take  out  the
time  bomb  in  release copies so they had to ship  out  remedial
disks,  apologize for the snafu, and assure users that  the  bomb
wasn't lethal.
---------------
      Maxi Switch will ship a keyboard which includes audiophile-
quality  speakers.   Also on the keyboard are an  omnidirectional
microphone  and  a  master volume control slider.   There  is  an
output jack for headphones or a stereo system, and an input  jack
for a second microphone.
---------------
      At an OpenDoc conference, WordPerfect misspelled their name
on some slides in a presentation.
---------------
      Microsoft  claims  that  Windows95  is  an  all-new  32-bit
operating  system,  but  the author of a new  book  "Unauthorized
Windows"  claims  that it's just a new version  of  DOS  with  an
improved interface.  Andrew Schulman argues that the kernel  uses
some  16-bit code.  Microsoft VP Brad Chase admits there's 16-bit
code  in  the Windows95 but insists the kernel is 32-bit,  saying
"We're more 32-bit than OS/2 is."
---------------
      December  7th,  Pearl Harbor Day, is the date  selected  by
Novell  to  launch  NetWare 4.1 which will go  head-to-head  with
Windows NT.
---------------
      From the Mark of the Beast Department comes an item about a
bank  consortium called Mondex which wants to handle  cash  in  a
digital  format.   You'll carry a smart card in your  wallet  and
"money" will be loaded into it at a bank, ATM, or over the  phone
-  and  paid  out to anyone with a card reader.  They're  testing
this  thing  in England next year.  CEO Tim Jones admits  "Mondex
won't  replace  money."  Why not just tattoo  a  barcode  on  our
foreheads or the backs of our hands?
---------------
      Corel  is saying that Corel Ventura 5 is in production  and
will be shipped by the end of October.
---------------
      You  may remember that I mentioned a lawsuit filed by  Carl
Sagan  against Apple for labeling a beta project BHA  (for  butt-
head astronomer).  A judge has thrown out the suit.
---------------
      Microsoft will include an extensive graphical tutorial  for
users of Windows95.
---------------

P24T OVERDRIVE
      You've  been buying motherboards with that special "Pentium
upgradeable" socket - but where's the chip to go in it that we've
been promised for the past year?
      Intel says that the P24T may be available by the end of the
year.   It  will  deliver performance in the  60-66mhz  range  of
Pentium-based systems.  The release of the chip has been  delayed
because the P24T is based on Intel's latest 3-volt design.
      Eventually Intel will release an Overdrive processor  based
on  the  next-generation Pentium chip, probably a 133 Mhz version
that won't be available until 1995.
---------------

WORDPERFECT 6.1
     By the time you read this, Novell's WordPerfect Applications
Group should have released WordPerfect 6.1 for Windows.
      This  new  version  will  have  a  new  interface  that  is
compatible with both their PerfectOffice suite and Windows95.  It
features  their  recently acquired PerfectSense technology  which
will  find and change all tenses of a key word across files, even
on  a network.  You'll also get Grammatik 6, a spell checker  and
thesaurus that replace words in their proper tenses.
---------------

MAD DOG MCCREE II
      If you liked the first one, you'll love the sequel.  Expect
more action and tougher scenarios.  I've been playing at the Wimp
level and find tough going.
     You're back with the old codger, riding a stagecoach through
the desert.  Suddenly the old-timer stops the wagon and there, by
the side of the road, is a man riddled with arrows.  In his dying
gasp,  he gives you the map to a treasure of gold.  The adventure
is on.
      This  game has the same quality of video as the first  one.
Sometimes it's fairly sharp, other times it's just a blur  that's
shooting at you.  As I said, the scenarios are tougher this  time
around.  I had trouble just getting through the opening sequence.
      Along  the way you'll have your choice of who you  want  to
help  guide  you  to  the  treasure;  an Indian  guide,  a  shady
professor, or a colorful female companion.  Of course  there  are
bad  guys  just waiting to be shot so that they can  fall  off  a
balcony,  tumble down stairs, and all the other Western  clich‚s.
This  time  around they've even thrown in some sizable explosions
and a train robbery.
     Mad Dog McCree II is everything the first one was and more.
---------------

WINDOWS95 UPDATE
     Starting with the Windows95 Beta 2, which will be shipped by
the  end  of  the  year, will be tuned to take advantage  of  the
Pentium's architecture.
      This  is  a  move that will make the operating  system  and
related  applications  run  as much as  30%  faster.   Processors
supporting  Pentium-like  functions, such  as  the  NExGen  Nx586
series  and  the  AMD  K5, will be able to take  advantage  of  a
Pentium-optimized Windows95.
      Microsoft  says that some features of Windows95  will  look
better on a Pentium - such as when a user drags a window across a
screen,  the windows will maintain its contents and not  dissolve
to a shadowy outline (this sounds promising - NOT).
---------------

WARP NEWS
      At  the  recent  OS/2  Warp product  announcement,  Patrick
Steward  didn't  show  up (nor did Prez  Lou  Gerstner)  but  new
Enterprise  Commander Kate Mulgrew was there with  Leonard  Nimoy
showing  up only on video.  The Beatles' "Any Time At  All",  the
Stones'  "Time  Is  On My Side", and Cyndi Lauper's  "Time  After
Time" blared the message that Windows95 was still a ways off.
      Speaking  of  Warp, IBM is making a $15,000 migration  tool
available  to developers for next to nothing.  Members  of  IBM's
developers program can get the SMART migration tool set (from One
Up  Corp.) for free.  This tool will help migrate 16-bit Windows,
32-bit  Windows NT, and 16-bit OS/2 applications  to  OS/2  Warp.
The  Source Migration Analysis Reporting Toolset "will scan code,
identify all areas with 16-bit dependent code, and tell  you  how
to move them."
---------------

OS/2 VS WINDOWS95
     IBM recently issued a document which takes Microsoft to task
over  certain aspects of Windows95.  If you've been following  my
comments  regarding  Windows95, you'll  know  that  I  have  been
skeptical  and remain so.  I use Windows about 95% of  the  time,
but  am still leery about Version 1.0 of an operating system from
Microsoft.  Anyway, here are some of the points brought forth  by
IBM.
      IBM  claims  that  Windows95 is really  an  enhancement  to
Windows  3.1  as  opposed to being a rewritten operating  system.
For  example, with Windows 3.1, all applications as well  as  the
operating system code share a single memory address space.   This
memory  management model gives good performance, but an error  in
any  single  application can bring the whole system down.   Under
Windows95, this same single address space model is retained  (the
"System Virtual Machine").
      OS/2  eliminates this stability problem by letting you  run
Windows  apps  in  their  own  separate  sessions  ("Virtual  DOS
Machines"), so if an application fails, the effect of the failure
is limited to the individual session.
      We've  all heard Microsoft tout preemptive multitasking  as
one  of the great selling points of Windows95.  Because Windows95
relies heavily on 16-bit Windows3.1-era code, you won't reap  the
benefits  of  true preemptive multitasking unless you  use  Win32
applications.   Currently shipping Win16 applications  cannot  be
reliably  preempted during execution.  Microsoft has a  mechanism
dubbed  "Win16LOCK" which denies access to the older code when  a
16-bit  application  has  called  on  its  services.   All  other
applications,  including Win32 applications, are  "blocked"  from
executing  until  the  16-bit application has  finished  and  the
environment has been made safe for the next task.
      In  practice,  the  performance hit  associated  with  this
locking  phenomena  is minimal when running 32-bit  applications,
but   becomes  a  major  problem  when  you  mix  16  and  32-bit
applications.
      So,  by  using  the serialization of subsystem  access  and
Win16LOCK,  you get what would be better described  as  a  "semi-
preemptive"  multitasking environment.  OS/2  has  featured  true
preemptive   multitasking  of  native  applications   since   the
beginning.  Regardless of the mixture of applications,  OS/2  can
smoothly multitask concurrent programs without the need  for  the
overhead of a Win16LOCK implementation.
      We've  also  heard  that the Windows95 desktop  is  object-
oriented.   But the Windows95 GUI is static.  In a  true  object-
oriented environment, links between individual objects are "live"
and  updated automatically.  Objects on the Windows95 desktop are
merely pointers to files on the disk.  If you create a link to an
executable file, put it on the Windows95 desktop, then rename the
original executable - the link will be severed.  These links  can
be  easily  broken  by novice users who are unfamiliar  with  the
Windows95 interface.
      In  the  same  vein, Windows95's ability  to  automatically
convert long file and directory names into 8.3 abbreviations  can
have  disastrous  effects  for  a  novice  user  who  decides  to
"reorganize"  their  hard drive - and in the  process  break  the
important links with the desktop objects.
      Another aspect to consider is third party developers.   The
key  to the success of any operating system is applications.  New
APIs  from  Microsoft appear on  regular basis  and  it  will  be
difficult  for any independent software developer to keep  up  on
the  specs.  Many independent software developers would  like  to
write  cross-platform applications, but because of the  different
APIs  to support, they must poll the kernel, determine which  API
is  available and write dual or triple path code.  With the  APIs
still  in a state of flux there is no guarantee that the multiple
path code will work.
      These are just a few of the concerns expressed by IBM and I
feel  they're valid.  Now, I realize that there is an ax to grind
here  on  IBM's part.  But after working with OS/2 for  a  little
while   now,  I  don't  see  how  Microsoft  can  get  the   same
functionality and stability the first time out of the gate.
---------------

MORE NEWS IN YER FACE
      By  now you've likely heard about the acquisition of Intuit
by  Microsoft.  You may be asking what will happen with Microsoft
Money.
      During  the  last couple of months, Microsoft has  licensed
Money to Novell, who will include it in a consumer suite.  Intuit
had  recently bought Parsons and ChipSoft.  Bill Gates  said  "we
eliminate  that area of overlap.  There is nothing here  that  we
think should raise any concerns from a competitive point of view"
by "transferring" Money to Novell.
---------------
     "I don't think consumers understand that 25% of the PCs sold
today  don't work, and many of the companies that build them  use
components  we reject."  - G. Richard Thoman, IBM Senior  VP  and
group  executive, the IBM PC Co.  I just thought  you'd  want  to
know.
---------------
      A new CD-ROM called "Greening of the White House", designed
to make eco-friendly changes to the White House was held up while
passing  multiple security checks due to the recent  crash  of  a
small plane on the White House lawn.
     What's the difference between the new Denver airport and the
White House?  You can land a plane at the White House.
---------------
      As  a  result  of  the  recent  acquisition  of  Intuit  by
Microsoft,   Intuit  CEO  Scott  Cook  will  become   Microsoft's
executive VP of electronic commerce.  Electronic commerce?   This
whole  thing of banking by modem will never take off until  banks
stop  charging for the service.  Let me get this straight -  they
charge me money for doing their work?
---------------
      CNN  at Work is a joint venture between CNN and Intel which
will  transmit  CNN's Headline News direct  to  users  through  a
special hardware component, running over Ethernet networks.  This
technology is based on Intel's ProShare videoconferencing system,
but must run on a network as opposed to a stand-alone machine.
---------------
      Microsoft  has released a tool for doing fast animation  in
Windows called WinToon.  This is a design engine built upon Video
for  Windows  which  is  targeted  at  C  programmers  who  build
applications  or  titles from scratch.  It allows  developers  to
digitize  animated characters and includes a playback module  for
adding finished characters to the appropriate background.
---------------
      The  DOS  version  of  AutoCAD 13 is being  delayed  to  be
released simultaneously with the Windows version around  the  end
of November.  The NT version is expected to ship in early 1995.
---------------
      I  hear  that the people at Prah-duh-gee are working  on  a
version of their software for OS/2 Warp.
---------------
       Stealth   Commie  Mikhail  Gorbachev  will   be   pitching
Macintoshes in Germany.
---------------
     IBM halted production of OS/2 Warp at the last minute due to
a  "minor"  bug  in  CONFIG.SYS.  Some  sources  say  it  was  an
installation bug.
---------------
      I  hear  that  the Microsoft-Intuit deal was negotiated  by
Steve Ballmer and Mike Maples, not Bill Gates.
---------------

IBM CHALLENGES INTEL
      Did  you  know  that IBM is developing a chip,  called  the
PowerPC 615 processor, which combines the power of RISC with  the
ability to run software written for Intel x86 processors.
      This  effort will likely be supported financially by  Apple
Computer and is expected to get to market in late 1995.
      This chip has the technology to run the x86 instruction set
in  both software and hardware.  In theory, the chip will able to
run DOS, Windows, and yes, even Windows95, at speeds equal to  or
better than today's Pentiums.  This will be a 3.3-volt chip which
actually runs the Intel instruction set rather than emulates  it.
It will also have a "huge" cache for performing x86 instructions.
---------------

COREL KICKING BUTT
      Corel  has  finally released Corel Ventura.  Although  it's
five  months  late,  Corel has some rather aggressive  plans  for
1995.
      President  and  CEO Michael Cowpland said that  Corel  will
produce  32-bit  software from now on and will release  games,  a
videoconferencing product, CorelDraw6, and an office  suite  next
year.  They're also looking at CAD technology.
      CDOffice is expected to be released in the third quarter of
1995  and  will  be a CD-ROM only suite for Windows95.   You  may
recall  that Corel acquired the Windows version of WordStar2  and
is working on acquiring groupware, mapping software, and data.  A
spreadsheet  and  two graphics products are being  developed  in-
house.   The  spreadsheet is being derived from  CorelChart;  the
presentation product combines Corel's Show, Chart, and Move;  the
business  graphics comes from CorelDraw.  The Draw  product  will
not  have some of the high-end features, such as color separation
and color management.
     Also to be included with the suite will be clip art, photos,
fonts,  and  other  resources.  Corel  says  it  will  be  priced
aggressively.
       The   Corel   SCSI  team  has  been  redirected   to   the
videoconferencing  product  to  provide  full-frame,  full-motion
using telephony PBX architecture over a local area network.
      Corel CD Home brand will encompass 50 titles to be released
in  1995,  starting  in the first quarter.  The  titles  will  be
developed  using  Microsoft's WinG standard  to  run  under  both
Windows95  and  Windows 3.1.  The first release is scheduled  for
February  and is an educational game designed to teach   children
popular  card  games and more.  The user sits  at  a  table  with
cartoon characters, using talking cards.
      The  next  scheduled title is a 3-D high-end graphics  game
that supports Pentiums, slated for a late March release.
---------------

EVEN MORE NEWS IN YER FACE
      Intel  is  showing  signs of weakness and  slipping  market
share.  IBM will drop the Intel Inside logo from their fall line.
AMD  has  also  announced that more vendors will be  using  their
processors  in  the very near future.  Acer, Canon,  and  Digital
Research  will  use AMD processors and Packard Bell  is  thinking
about it.
---------------
      Look  out  for  gray  market CD software.   Some  firms  in
California  have  been  unbundling the  software  that  comes  in
multimedia  kits,  advertising the  normal  retail  product,  but
selling jewel-cased OEM versions.
---------------
      I  continue  to  have reservations about  Windows95,  given
Microsoft's  track record for Version 1 software.   I  hear  that
their new motto is "At Microsoft, quality is job 1.1."
---------------
      Microsoft  is  tossing about ideas of an  encrypted  CD-ROM
which would include copies of applications and possibly Windows95
-  code-named  Ali Baba.  There may also be demos  of  multimedia
software such as Encarta.
---------------
     Doom II is expected to reach Id's goal of shipping 1 million
by  the end of the year, with an initial ship-in of about 600,000
units.
---------------
      Software  Toolworks has changed both their name  and  logo,
with  the new name being Mindscape.  In the future look  for  The
Animals! 2, Revenge, Metal Marines, Legions, and Aliens.
---------------

NEXT MONTH
      Well,  another  month  has  gone  by  and  Microsoft  keeps
extending their ship dates for those funky keyboards.  I guess if
I  bought `em by the boxcar load I'd carry more weight.   I  hear
that  Microsoft's  lawyers were thrown  into  a  panic  over  the
initial  advertising  on  these  things  -  when  they  said  the
keyboards  wouldn't cause wrist and carpal tunnel injuries.   You
won't see that in their advertising any more.  If I can ever  get
one here, I'll do a review on them.
     Other than that, I don't know what's coming up for December.
                     =================================

                          DISCLAIMER
     RAndY's RumOR RaG is published on a monthly basis by RANDALL
AINSWORTH  PHOTOGRAPHY and is available on various  local  BBS's,
GEnie, and in Modem News.
     In case anyone cares, RAndY's RumOR RaG is produced on a 486-
50  with  8  megs of memory, 420 MB Connor IDE hard drive,  105MB
Toshiba  IDE  hard drive, TEAC 1.2 MB and 1.44 MB  floppies,  Pro
Audio  Spectrum  16 running a Hitachi 3750 CD ROM drive,  Sceptre
SVGA  display, Microsoft mouse, Word for Windows and  transmitted
through a US Robotics HST Dual Standard modem.
      Opinions expressed are those of the author.  Feel  free  to
distribute RAndY's RumOR RaG or post it as you see fit.  Comments
should  be  addressed to Randall Ainsworth Photography on  GEnie,
via phone, analog mail, or whatever method makes you feel good.

     RANDALL AINSWORTH PHOTOGRAPHY
     605 W. Wishkah
     Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
     (206) 533-6647
     GEnie Address: RAG

