RAndY's RumOR RaG
July 1994

NEWS IN YER FACE
      Bill  Gates  has  said he will give away  95%  of  his
wealth,  but  someone calculated that if  he  gave  away  $1
million a day it would take over 20 years to get rid of it.
---------------
      Novell has ceased core development of NetWare 3.x  and
is  concentrating future development on Netware 4.x.  A word
of  advice  -  you  might want to sell some  product  first.
They're saying that at 4.02 upgrade will happen by July.
---------------
      Intel  showed off a 150mhz Pentium at an  Asian  trade
show  recently.  An Intel spokesman said that this chip  and
the  next-generation P6 would be in systems late this  year.
They  also said that 25% of Intel-based PCs sold in the  4th
quarter of this year will use a Pentium.
---------------
      Borland  posted  a $76 million loss for  their  fourth
quarter  ending  March 31.  Sales plummeted  56%.   Philippe
Kahn  says  that  the company can get back to  a  profitable
status with the release of dBase for Windows.
---------------
      Microsoft  just  released MS-DOS  6.22  which  uses  a
compression  technology  called  DriveSpace.   There  is  no
functional  difference from 6.2 except from  the  switch  to
DriveSpace  from DoubleSpace.  You can get the free  upgrade
via any of the pay services.  (I did.)
---------------
     Motorola and IBM's Microelectronics division showed off
some   fast   PowerPC  computers  at  Spring  Comdex.    The
demonstration  of  a  120mhz  PowerPC  running  in  a  Power
Macintosh  locked up repeatedly and Apple  reps  pulled  the
machine  from  the  booth.  Explanations given  ranged  from
surrounding ASICs running too hot to "an I/O problem."   The
heat  sink  on the 120mhz PowerPC 601 chip was  too  hot  to
touch.
      This  is comical because one of the slams used against
Intel  chips  in  favor of the PowerPC  has  been  the  heat
problems of early Pentiums.
---------------
     According to Microsoft, Windows is selling at a rate of
2  million copies per month - or more than 66,000 units  per
day!
---------------
      Autodesk  is delaying shipment of AutoCAD  Release  13
until late October.  It had been scheduled to ship in July.
---------------
      Corel  decided  to  ship  Version  5  without  Ventura
Publisher  rather  than  delay any longer.   Buyers  of  the
package will get a free coupon which can be redeemed  for  a
free Ventura when it is ready, expected in July.  Apparently
they  haven't had Ventura Publisher long enough to integrate
what one beta tester called "spaghetti code" with CorelDraw.
---------------
      One  rumor circulating at Comdex was that Media Vision
would  be  bought  out by Aztech, a competitor.   A  VP  for
Aztech  confirmed that they had considered such actions  but
decided  against  it.   Media Vision has  seen  their  stock
plummet  from $46 to $3 and the industry has been  concerned
about the company's future.
---------------
      In  perusing an industry periodical, I came across  an
advertisement for a CD from Playboy.  Upon reading the copy,
I  see that it contains over 350 interviews with photos  and
audio  clips - but apparently not photos of the centerfolds.
The  point  is that if you see this software on  the  shelf,
don't get too excited.
---------------
      The  Patent  and Trademark Office has revoked  Compton
NewMedia's  patent covering multimedia database  technology.
As  you may recall, the company was one of the first  to  do
research  into working with interactive multimedia  and  was
granted  a  patent which had implications for  almost  every
company producing interactive CD-ROM software.
---------------

MICROSOFT - BRAVO SIERRA
      I've  just about had it with Microsoft.  How  can  you
ignore  all  the articles in the end-user magazines  touting
the wonders of Chicago/Windows 4?
     Do you remember just a few years ago when Microsoft was
hyping NT?  Windows 3.0 was out and people were disappointed
with  some of its limitations.  That's OK - just wait  until
Windows   NT.   Then  NT  comes  out  and  it's  a   massive
disappointment.    Don't   worry   -   just    wait    until
Chicago/Windows 4.
      It  reminds  me  of how Clinton gets  his  socialistic
agenda passed - the Clinton hustle.  And Microsoft works the
same way - keep dangling a carrot and collecting the upgrade
dollars.
      If  you noticed the disclaimer on the RaG last  month,
you'll  see that I recently upgraded my system from a  105MB
hard  drive to a 420MB.  I knew I couldn't sell the old  one
because you can't get much for a little hard drive.  So -  I
installed it as a slave.  Now, what do I do with half a gig?
      When  my computer comes on I get a little menu  called
the  Boot Manager which lets me select between DOS and OS/2.
That's  right,  I  put  OS/2 2.1 on  the  second  drive  and
formatted it with HPFS.
      So  far, I like OS/2.  Version 2.1 is much better than
2.0  and  runs  quite nicely in just 8 megs.   The  included
applets  are  somewhat  pathetic, but I've  downloaded  some
shareware  stuff that is pretty nice.  The Windows emulation
is  still  not very good - you're probably better  off  with
OS/2  for Windows (except that it doesn't work with  Windows
3.11 or Windows for WorkGroups 3.11).  But the speed is good
and  it  appears to be quite stable.  Multimedia support  is
barely adequate, but it's there.
     So why should I wait for a 32-bit operating system from
Microsoft,  an operating system that they keep  saying  will
look   like  OS/2  -  when  the  real  thing  is  here  now?
Mainstream applications are still waiting in the wings,  but
OS/2 is a proven product.
     I'm not about to switch just yet because of the lack of
applications.   But if you want to see something  different,
give it a shot.
      I  do  want to mention two problems I had.   When  the
system  booted, it would not recognize COM3 (where my  modem
is).  It will now recognize the presence of COM3 but I still
can't  use it.  Also, I had printing problems - it wouldn't.
This  turned  out  to  be  an interrupt  conflict  with  the
SoundBlaster compatibility part of my sound card.  I changed
the interrupt on the sound card and it now prints just fine.
---------------

LATE GREAT BORLAND
     No, they're not out yet but the ship date for dBase for
Windows  has  slipped  to July.  Borland  is  betting  their
future  on  this  product which beta testers  are  reporting
still has some problems.
      At  Borland's recent developers' conference,  Philippe
Kahn took the stage, looked out on the assembled masses, and
spread  his arms defiantly.  Intel CEO Andy Grove called  in
to Philippe's on-stage videoconference.  Grove's first words
were,   "It's amazing, you're alive.  I thought I read  your
obituary  in  the  Wall Street Journal."  Kahn  blaming  the
press,  replied "You're never as good as they  say  you  are
when you're good, and you're never as bad as they say I am."
Grove  asked,  "Well  .  .  .  did  anyone  come?"  (to  the
conference) The crowd loved it.
---------------

CLIPPER REVISITED
      I  recently  put my two cents in on the Clipper  chip.
Basically I think it's a bad idea for a variety of reasons.
      Once  again  I was right.  A researcher at  AT&T  Bell
Laboratories recently found that it's possible to  encode  a
message that even the government can't crack.  I would  take
that  as  good  news.   But  although  this  flaw  does  not
compromise  security, it raises questions  about  the  whole
system.
      David  Sobel, legal counsel for the Electronic Privacy
Information  Center said, "The flaw was  discovered  on  the
parts of the system that are publicly known.  But the guts -
the  algorithms - are classified.  What are we not going  to
find out because of that?"
      Yet again, the government proves they are incapable of
running your life better than you are.
---------------

COREL 5
      I haven't ordered my copy of Corel 5 yet and with good
reason.  Two friends ordered their upgrade and it showed  up
on their doorstep recently.  The package comes with 5 CD's -
two  PhotoCDs  and the remaining three are for the  program.
Corel  has taken the cheapskate route and packaged the  CD's
without  jewel  cases.  I realize that a  jewel  case  costs
maybe 75 cents, but just throwing a CD between the pages  of
a manual is no way to do it.
      Anyway,  so  my  one friend attempts  to  install  the
program  and  repeatedly gets errors.  He calls  the  number
suggested  which turns out to be the company that duplicated
the  discs.  A pre-recorded message recommends cleaning  the
data  side of the disc in case the ink of the manual  rubbed
off.   OK, but the program still won't install.  He  finally
went to a local record store, bought a CD cleaning kit,  and
the program installed - although you could see no ink on the
data side of the CD.  My other friend had his CD install OK.
      So  how is the program?  PhotoPaint, for one, has been
greatly  improved.  The look and feel of Corel  has  changed
with  the addition of toolbars and the speed seems  to  have
improved  (although loading the program takes  significantly
longer).
      No  longer do you have to tweak settings of the  Corel
INI  files  manually, the Preferences option takes  care  of
backup  and other annoying options you may want to turn  off
or  on.   Along the top of the screen is what  they  call  a
Ribbon  Bar  which  has buttons for common  features.   This
Ribbon  Bar  looks suspiciously like those use by  Microsoft
products,   even  to  the  point  of  displaying   a   short
description when you let the mouse cursor hesitate over  one
for a second or two.
      Especially useful is the new Lens tool which lets  you
superimpose  a  transparent  object  over  another   object.
Pretty cool, uh-huh-huh-huh.
      Printing  still takes too long, especially  if  you're
faxing from Corel.  But it's always been that way.
---------------

MORE NEWS IN YER FACE
      Brace yourselves for another DRAM shortage (and likely
higher  prices).   Several large computer manufacturers  are
scrambling  to  make  arrangements with chip  suppliers  for
reliable  supplies of chips.  To further complicate matters,
memory  developers  are switching from  4MB  SIMMs  to  16MB
SIMMs, making the 4MB chips harder to get.  The PC market is
not  the  only one affected - workstation manufacturers  are
also  being hit by shortages.  Relief is not expected  until
sometime in the first half of 1995.
---------------
      By  the  time you read this, Microsoft is expected  to
release the first beta of Chicago.  Everyone says they're on
track for a release by the end of this year.
---------------
      Lotus  is  talking about 1-2-3 Release 5  for  Windows
which  will  offer  better support for and integration  with
Notes.  A new version of Approach will also be announced and
Ami  Pro  3.1  has already been announced.   None  of  these
products except for Approach will ship until at least August
when a new SmartSuite is due out.
---------------
      A unique new keyboard from Identity Systems Technology
has a "moisture-proof" membrane under the keys that protects
working  parts from spills, crumbs, dust, and other  cooties
that  can gunk up a normal keyboard.  Give 'em a call at  1-
800-723-8258.
---------------
      Until now the only games we've seen for OS/2 have been
relatively simple applets like card games, Mahjongg, and the
like.   SimCity  for  OS/2 will ship any  day  now  as  will
Galactic Civilizations.  Other major game manufacturers  are
finally waking up to the opportunities in OS/2 gaming.
---------------
      By  the  time you read this, IBM should have  enveiled
OS/2  for  Symmetrical  Processing.  This  produce  will  be
bundled  with  server products from IBM,  Compaq,  AST,  and
others.  It will be available on the retail level on CD-ROM.
---------------

MICROSOFT VS. STAC CONTINUED
      Microsoft  and  Stac Electronics ended their  18-month
feud  over data compression with Microsoft agreeing  to  pay
Stac  license royalties of over $1 million per month for  43
months.  Microsoft will also purchase $39.9 million in  non-
voting  convertible preferred stock in Stac, giving them  an
approximate 15% stake in Stac.
      In return, Microsoft received a cross license covering
all   of  Stac's  existing  patents  and  any  future  disk-
compression patents Stac may receive in the next five years.
Stac  receives  the  rights  to use  technology  covered  in
Microsoft's related data compression technology.
      Microsoft will not use the Stacker brand name, but  it
can  use Stac technology if it chooses.  Stac president Gary
Clow  interrupted his vacation to negotiate the  settlement.
"Within  two  minutes,  the  basis  of  the  agreement   was
reached," said Clow.
---------------

PC PC
      WordPerfect  is  shipping  Grammatik  6  for  Windows.
Besides  checking your grammar, it now checks your political
correctness.
       A  bug  in  the  program  flags  the  word  "Jew"  as
"pejorative."  It is only supposed to warn if  the  word  is
used as a verb.  A new version of the software corrects this
bug.
      Now  this is just what we need - software that ensures
you're   politically  correct.    I  hate  grammar  checkers
anyway.   They're  for people who didn't  pay  attention  in
junior   high   English  class.   Yet  I've  heard   college
instructors  rave about these things - I guess outcome-based
education is working.
      The thought police continue their in their efforts . .
.
---------------

      PERSONAL:  Plans are being made to have a local server
connected to Internet.  If all goes as planned, it  will  be
in place by August.  I'll let you know if it happens so that
you can send me mail via Internet.
                =================================

                          DISCLAIMER
      RAndY's  RumOR RaG is published on a monthly basis  by
AINSWORTH  COMPUTER  SERVICES and is  available  on  various
local BBS's, GEnie, and in Modem News.
      In case anyone cares, RAndY's RumOR RaG is produced on
a  486-50  with  8  megs of memory, 420 MB Connor  IDE  hard
drive,  105MB  Toshiba IDE hard drive  (with  OS/2  2.1  and
HPFS),  TEAC 1.2 MB and 1.44 MB floppies, Pro Audio Spectrum
16  running  a  Hitachi  3750 CD  ROM  drive,  Sceptre  SVGA
display,  Microsoft mouse, Word for Windows and  transmitted
through a US Robotics HST Dual Standard modem.
      Opinions expressed are those of the author.   Comments
should be addressed to Ainsworth Computer Services on GEnie,
via  phone, analog mail, or whatever method makes  you  feel
good.

     AINSWORTH COMPUTER SERVICES
     605 W. Wishkah
     Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
     (206) 533-6647
     GEnie Address: RAG

