RAndY's RumOR RaG
January 1993

COURT RULES AGAINST AMD
     A court recently ruled that AMD cannot copy certain microcode
used by Intel in the 486 processor.  This is expected to have an
effect on the record number of 486-based machines being sold these
days.
     An Intel spokesman said that they plan to continue lowering
486 processor prices saying "Intel continues to lower prices to
remain competitive, and whether or not AMD has a 486 on the market
doesn't diminish the competition for microprocessors."  Allocations
are expected to remain tight well into the next year (93), although
gray market prices have stabilized.  Prices are expected to remain
stable for the near future.
     Meanwhile, AMD will continue to "plow on" and retain a
competitive market in the 486-class market, and said the ruling
will not affect its 386 marketing plan (a $500 million business).
     Under a contingency plan, AMD has been developing a clean-room
microcode and remains on schedule to introduce their own version of
a 486 chip by the middle of next year (93).  They also noted that
Intel cannot copyright the 486 name.
     Cyrix and IBM expect to see a booming business from second and
third tier vendors scrambling to find another CPU source.  An
official from Hyundai expressed skepticism regarding non-Intel
chips citing "compatibility questions".  An IBM representative said
that the 486 chip ruling does not affect them because of existing
agreements with Intel.
---------------

NEWS IN YER FACE
     The initial release of Microsoft's Access wiped out printed
packaging due to incredible initial demand.  A large New York-based
consultant expressed three complaints about the product: it's slow
(I don't agree), it can't attach Fox-Pro files, and it has data
validation problems.
     I can't vouch for these claims, but sales have been strong. 
A Microsoft spokesman countered saying that Access takes a
different approach to many traditional relational database
processes.
---------------
     In other Microsoft news, word has it that planning for MS-DOS
7 (internally known as Chicago) is already underway before Version
6 is out.  Version 7 is expected to include integrated Windows and
is targeted for release in late 1993.  Dos 6 is expected to be
released early in 1993.
---------------
     Borland is getting a gamma release ready of Paradox for
Windows expected to be announced in late January.  They're also
getting ready a new dBase IV 2.0 for DOS, expected to be released
in March or April.  This DOS product uses a DOS extender and
virtual memory management which will let it run on 286 computers
with 4 megs of memory.  Testers report that performance has been
greatly tweaked along with enhanced mouse support.
---------------
     Logitech has filed suit against Microware Distributors seeking
$350,000 and alleging that the distributor has not made payments
since May.  Personal experience with Microware suggests that they
are rapidly headed for Chapter 13.  They recently closed several
distribution centers and I have had real difficulties getting
product out of them.
---------------
     Microsoft's aggressive database pricing has led to a 15%
cutback at Borland.  That translates into 350 jobs lost at Borland. 
Borland officials refused further comment except to say that the
bundling of Windows and DOS versions of Quattro Pro would cease at
the end of the year.  Meanwhile, Borland has acquired WordTech, a
small but respected xBase competitor, for $35 million.
     Some industry insiders were surprised at Borland's rebuking
competitors for undercutting prices.  Said one consultant, "Borland
started all this cut-rate pricing in DOS, so it's odd for them to
cry fowl now."
     Meanwhile, Borland personnel have been shifted away from some
product lines to focus on the database products.  Specifically,
cuts have been seen in the ObjectVision and Brief lines and the
dBase for Macintosh team has been dissolved.
---------------
     Abacus has just released Version 4 of their BeckerTools
utility.  They've included seven new features, none of which are
particularly useful.  These guys are like Central Point; just add
a bunch of stuff for the sake of change.  Like Central Point, they
took a basically good utility and ruined it.  I liked the old
BeckerTools, but when they went to Version 3 and broke up one
program into a dozen smaller ones, that was the end for me.  If you
want this new one, go for it - but I think I'll pass.
---------------
     I'd like to know when we'll see Virtual Valerie ported to the
PC.  For the unaware, this is a game where a female invites you to
her apartment, you inspect any object you want, and the ultimate
goal is to have a "personal" encounter with Valerie.  This is a CD-
based multimedia game that is gaining popularity on the Mac.  I
guess you could liken it to a virtual Leisure Suit Larry.
---------------
     I hear that Lotus may be chilling out in their continuing
legal battles with Borland.  It is said that Lotus wants to make an
out-of-court settlement with Borland so that they can take on
Microsoft.
---------------
     Media Vision has new drivers out for the Pro Audio Spectrum
Plus, Pro Audio Spectrum 16, CDPC, and Fusion 16 CD systems.  Also
included in the driver pack is a Pocket CD Player.  Download the
packet from their BBS.
     And speaking of sound cards, have you seen the advertisements
for the new SoundBlaster 16 card?  At least they've gone to a 16-
bit bus, but the CD interface appears to be non-standard and guess
what they've got for a volume control?  They're still using a
potentiometer - now that's hi-tech, innovative, and handy to use.
Will these dorks ever learn?
---------------
     Microsoft is sending out Release Candidate 1 for FoxPro 2.5
for both DOS and Windows.  Release candidates are usually sent out
after beta testing has been completed and just before the product's
release.  Microsoft is still hoping to ship both versions in
January, although beta testers report memory management problems.
---------------
     Borland is dropping their Windows/DOS bundle for Quattro Pro. 
Borland's claim is that customers were confused.
---------------

WORDPERFECT PRESENTATIONS
     When it first came out, I didn't think that DrawPerfect was
all that bad.  But as I looked at competing products (and as time
progressed), I could see that it was sorely lacking.  Fortunately
WordPerfect Corporation noticed the same thing and now has totally
rewritten the program.
     A complete installation takes 15 megs of hard drive space, so
be forewarned.  The installation process is quite simple, if not
boring, but it does automatically detect your mouse.
     Once the program is started, the familiar WordPerfect
keystrokes still work, such as SHIFT-F7 for printing functions. 
But instead of a program that looks like it's running in DOS, this
looks like a Windows program without the title bar.
     You have your drawing tools arranged on the left and you can
create your own ButtonBars for quick access to common functions.
     Since the program is DOS-based (look for a Windows version in
about 4 months or so), the speed is pretty good.  It does all the
things the other drawing programs do and does them well.  The
charting section is quite good also.  Both bitmap and vector
graphics are very well integrated and autotracing a bitmap does not
require a separate program.
     Clipart is arranged into galleries based upon subject matter
and are presented on-screen similar to Corel's Mosaic.  You get
over 1,000 clipart images with the package.
     The presentation section lets you create the obligatory slide
show, but this program includes lots of master templates.  The
feature that stands out here is the ability to attach MIDI and WAV
files to your presentation.  WordPerfect Presentations comes with
100 MIDI files and you can create your own (assuming you have the
necessary hardware).
     They've come up with a fine package and I can't wait to see
the Windows version.  I still think that Corel Draw is a better
product for the money, especially with the 12,000 clipart images
that are included on CD-ROM.  Presentations uses Speedo and Type 1
fonts, both of which I no longer use.  Therefore, I don't like
having them on my hard drive along with several megs of clipart.
     WordPerfect has done a great job and Presentations is a good
value.  For a couple of months, they're including a SoundBlaster
with full retail packages.  Also included are macros to work with
DOS WordPerfect and their excellent shell program.  You are able to
share dictionaries with DOS WordPerfect also.
     I couldn't get the display to show 256 colors with my video
card at any resolution, however.  Like all other WordPerfect
products, the printouts were outstanding.
     If you need the sound capabilities for presentations, I know
of no other program that will handle that.  They also include a
provision for making a run-time version of your slide show.  The
popular Super PC-Kwik cache program is included.
---------------

PRINT SHOP DELUXE
     There comes a time when an old stand-by program must grow, and
in the process sacrifices must be made.  Change for the sake of
change is not necessarily good, but sometimes the change is for the
better.
     Such is the case with the newest version of the popular Print
Shop program.  This program has been around since forever, helping
the computer illiterate create signs, banners, greeting cards, and
a multitude of other useful printed items.  The primary drawback
thus far is that the printing was awful.  Print Shop output was
commonly chunky and the layouts were immediately recognizable.
     All that has changed with Print Shop Deluxe.  You can still
make greeting cards, banners, calendars, and the like.  The
interface has been redesigned and is a bit more elegant.  The
program should still be simple to use for the computer neophyte,
however.
     Each project (cards, banners, etc.) has a choice of layouts
for text and graphics - or you can create your own.  You can
preview your work as you go similar to Bannermania.
     The real change comes when it's time to print.  Gone are the
chunky graphics and text.  Printing is as smooth as it gets.  There
are not many fonts included, nor are there a lot of graphics.  The
price of change has been that Print Shop now requires a minimum of
a 386SX and VGA display.  Fortunately, that should not be a problem
for the majority of computers out there.
     They've done a great of redesigning an old workhorse, and you
can look expect to see clipart and font libraries being sold.  You
can also export graphics in several common formats for use in other
programs.  Expect to see a Windows version of Print Shop in the
very near future.
---------------

PHOTO CD WOES
     So far, the sales of Photo CD systems has been far below
expectations.  Resellers say the cost of processing is too high,
others cite inadequate advertising.
     I've said from the beginning, if Kodak wants to sell these
things, they've got to get the price of the viewers down to a
reasonable level.  With the lease expensive player running about
$400, that's a bit steep.  Also, in talking to people I find that
most of them just don't understand what's going on.  Education is
the key here.
     In other CD news, it appears that there is a shortage of CD-
ROM drives just when the price is beginning to drop.  Actually, the
shortages are in the area of double-speed drives from Sony,
Hitachi, and NEC.  Everyone wants them and they can't keep up.
---------------

NEW MONEY
     Microsoft recently updated their personal finance program
Money.  I normally don't get excited about financial programs, but
they've done a good job.
     Among the improvements are a feature called "Coaches" which
guide you interactively while you enter your first transactions in
the Account Book.  You can now create pie, bar, or line charts from
most of the predefined report formats.
     AutoBudget can help you set up a budget by averaging your past
expenses.  You can also customize any report and then "remember"
the report's customization.  Money allows you to track your
amortized Loans. It can also create a Future Transaction so you can
enter loan payments automatically.  A loan calculator is also
included so you can compare different loan alternatives before
applying for a loan.  They've included a currency converter,
allowing you to enter foreign currency amounts and convert them to
your currency.
     There is now tax form support allowing you to print a Tax Form
Report for line-by-line help in completing your US tax return
forms. You can also export a Tax Form Report for use with tax
preparation programs such as TaxCut or TurboTax.
     There are a number of other improvements which combine to make
this version of Money a serious competitor for Quicken.
---------------

RETURN TO YESTERDAY
     I remember when I first got started in computers, computer
games were different than today.  We didn't have the graphics and
cartoon games that are around now.
     Companies like Infocom produced excellent text adventures
where the pictures were "in your mind" (remember Zork?).  You had
to read some text, then respond to the situation.
     I recently received a new shareware release in this genre
called The Great Archeological Race from Absolute Zero software. 
There are no pretty pictures or cute cartoons.  There is no
joystick or mouse necessary.  You have to read text on the screen
and make a decision as to what to do next by actually typing in a
command from the keyboard (how barbaric).
     Actually, when they sent me this disk and I loaded it up, I
was shocked to find an old-style text adventure.  I never really
liked these things because they made you think.  The amount of
detail and color in the descriptions is close to what Infocom used
to produce.  It's very well done in a category of gaming software
that I thought had passed away.
     Look for it on a BBS near you.
---------------

NEW PKZIP
     After months of waiting, I've finally had a chance to get my
hands on the new PKZIP program.  This is the most popular method of
file compression on bulletin boards and elsewhere.  So, what's new
with version 2?
     PKZIP/PKUNZIP 2 implements a new compression algorithm called
Deflating.  Deflating has varying levels of compression and speed
available.  Both speed and compression are greatly improved over
previous versions of PKZIP.  It also has the ability to "span" a
.ZIP file across multiple diskettes if the final .ZIP file size
would be greater than a single disk.  PKZIP now has the ability to
format the destination diskettes on the fly.
     PKZIP/PKUNZIP 2 has the ability to use EMS, UMB, and HMA
memory, which will allow the ability to process more files or be
able to run with less conventional memory.  PKZIP/PKUNZIP 2.04 will
run in as little as 85K of conventional memory if EMS or XMS memory
is available.
     The new program is Novell NetWare "aware".  Updating or
creating a .ZIP file on a network drive is much faster with the
network support in PKZIP 2.04c.  PKZIP/PKUNZIP 2 will detect what
type of CPU it is being run on and will use instructions
specifically optimized for an 808x CPU, 80386 CPU, or 80486 CPU.
     The program now automatically detects if DPMI (DOS Protected
Mode Interface) support is available and will execute code in
32-bit protected mode for better speed.
     PKZIP can be configured to best suit your needs through the
use of the PKCFG program, only available in the registered version
of PKZIP.
     Sensitive data files can be scrambled with password
protection.  The security of this feature has been significantly
improved in PKZIP/PKUNZIP 2.
     In my own experience thus far, I can't see a noticeable speed
difference but compression is somewhat better.  Of course, they've
used PKLITE on the executable files to keep their size on your hard
drive to a minimum.
                =================================

                          DISCLAIMER
     RAndY's RumOR RaG is published on a monthly basis by AINSWORTH
COMPUTER SERVICES and is available on various local BBS's, GEnie,
and America Online as well as in Modem News.
     In case anyone cares, RAndY's RumOR RaG is produced on a DTK
386-33 with 16 megs of memory, Cyrix Fasmath co-processor, ATI VGA
Wonder+ card (1 MB), 105 MB Toshiba IDE hard drive, Teac 1.2 MB and
1.44 MB floppies, Hitachi 3750 CD ROM drive, Sceptre SVGA display,
Microsoft mouse, WordPerfect for Windows and transmitted through a
US Robotics HST Dual Standard modem.
     Opinions expressed are those of the author.  Comments should
be addressed to Ainsworth Computer Services on GEnie, America
Online, phone, analog mail, or whatever method makes you feel good.

     AINSWORTH COMPUTER SERVICES
     605 W. Wishkah
     Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
     (206) 533-6647
     GEnie Address: RAG
     America Online: RumOR RaG