                            RAndY's RumOR RaG
                              January 1992


THE LAFFER UTILITIES
     Have you ever wished there were a utility for creating office betting pools - or
creating funny fax coversheets - or wondered where you could get some new jokes?
     The Laffer Utilities claim to be America's first non-productivity tool.  This collection
of "utilities" lets you create forms for office betting pools, generate excuses for not getting
something done, be constantly ready with stupid sayings, print ridiculous forms for office
use, and much more.  I'm not sure how to describe this software except to say that it's
outrageously funny and some of the programs may actually be useful.
     The joke database is my favorite where there are tons of jokes with variable levels
of good taste.  This is FUN software, the likes of which I haven't seen before.  There are
tons of clip art in both PCX and CGM formats which could conceivably be used in other
programs.  Printer support is limited to Epson 24 and 9-pin printers, HP LaserJet, and
PostScript.  For a street price of about $20, this is a cheap investment in fun. 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

PKZIP VERSION 2
     By the time you read this, the new PKZIP and PKUNZIP will probably be available. 
I've had the opportunity to sample a beta version, so here's the scoop on what's changed.
     This generation of PKZIP offers the following significant improvements over
previous releases:

1)  ALL NEW COMPRESSION ALGORITHM.  This new process allows PKZIP to
compress data TIGHTER and FASTER.  In fact, the new FAST method gets more
compression than the maximum compression in PKZIP 1.10, yet is almost as fast as
Shrinking!

2)  MULTI-VOLUME ARCHIVES.  PKZIP can now create and extract ZIP files which
cross more than one disk.

3)  EMS SUPPORT.  When sufficient EMS is available PKZIP now requires only 85K of
conventional memory to run.  Without EMS PKZIP requires 183K.  PKUNZIP requires
approximately 75K if EMS is present and approximately 81K without EMS.

     I could not notice a significant difference in speed, but the compression seems to
have been improved.  The new compression scheme will likely require people who write
software like NARC to redo their products once again.  Anticipated release was the end
of November, but as I write this, I still have not seen a release version.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
WINDOWS UPDATES
     Expect to see WordPerfect Version 6 and DrawPerfect 2 sometime in 1992.  No
details on features, etc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     Lotus is working on adding an assumption manager to 123-W Version 1.1 while
Microsoft has already added it to beta versions of Excel 4.0.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
QUATTRO PRO 4
     Besides working hurriedly on a Windows spreadsheet, Borland is also working on a
major revision to their DOS product (code-named Crom).
     Quattro Pro 4 will feature a full-fledged optimizer that will work with multi-variable
linear and non-linear problems (huh?).  Excel's solver is based on similar technology.  It will
also have the SpeedBar found in the soon to be released Quattro Pro for Windows.
Also included in the upgrade will be tight support for networks and the ability to read 1-2-3
files with Impress and Allways formatting intact.  Beta copies of the program are expected
to ship soon and the Windows product will go into general beta by year's end.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

POLITICS
     I am growing increasingly tired of companies who think their products are the only
ones in the world.  Here's an example:
     I recently purchased a Cyrix math chip.  I figured Intel had nicked me enough
through the years and wanted more performance for my dollar.  Wouldn't you know it?  The
diagnostic program for the Intel 80387 determines that I have a non-Intel co-processor
(shame on me) and refuses to run.
     So, I give my Cyrix diags to a friend who has an Intel 80387 and he has the same
problem - the software knows he doesn't have a Cyrix and won't run.
     Why do companies do this?  I'm getting tired of it.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

BBS SCORES WITH INGRAM
     For the first time ever, a BBS program will be in retail distribution.  Mustang
Software's popular Wildcat BBS software is now being carried through Ingram Micro (a
large distributor of software and hardware).  It's a long and somewhat involved story how
this came to pass, but it was an endorsement from Novell that had Ingram Micro even
consider carrying the product (having a brand-new booth at Comdex, a strong following in
England, and numerous mentions of the product in the press didn't hurt either).
     This is the first time that a BBS program has been available at a retail level. 
Mustang will have a wider market for sales, and this is expected to pave the way for other
telecommunications products.
     I like the Wildcat software, but it's gotten so popular that "everyone" is using it and
I'm getting a little tired of it.  It's nice when writing script files, though - because you already
know the system prompts.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

MISCELLANEOUS NEWS
     Well, they've still got until the end of March, but word has it that the latest beta
release of OS/2 Version 2 has trouble loading.  No surprise there, folks.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     There's trouble around the corner for lots of folks.  Researchers say that 2 million
hard drives will be sold this year as opposed to 489,000 tape drives.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------
     Things are still on track for a late March or early April release of Windows 3.1 and
expect to see new versions of Excel, PowerPoint, and Project about the same time.  Don't
be surprised to see MS-DOS 5.01 (a maintenance release) just around the corner, too. 
Microsoft officials are still confident of Windows NT release by the year's end.  More on
Excel 4.0 below.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

THE MOTHER OF ALL MODEMS
     I started with modems back in 1984 with a Novation J-Cat (300 baud - the size of a
pack of cigarettes), then went through a couple of Anchor modems (deserving of the name),
and then bought one of those BSR 1200's from DAK (which worked OK if you only made
local calls, but wasn't worth crap on noisy lines).  A few years ago I bought a real Hayes
2400 external and it has been a reliable friend, faithfully connecting under poor conditions
and never missing a beat during a file transfer.
     I also remember starting with PC-Talk for communications software.  I later switched
to Qmodem, but once I discovered the shareware version of ProComm, I knew that was the
one.  When ProComm Plus was released, I switched to that and continue to use it to this
day.
     But our world is now working at a faster rate and 9600 modems are now pretty
commonplace.  My phone bill is atrocious and so a faster modem seemed like the best way
to go.  I just hate to give up Mr. Hayes.
     Well, I did a lot of checking around and asking questions before plunking down the
dough.  I talked to people who had experience with high-speed modems and finally
determined that the one to get was the US Robotics HST Dual Standard.
     Now this sucker is fast!!  Of course you can connect with non-USR 9600 modems,
but when you connect with another HST Dual Standard you can get a connect rate of 14,400
baud.  File transfers really move at that rate!  And to sweeten the pot, the overwhelming
majority of BBS's using 9600 modems are using the Dual Standard.  I expect to see a
significant reduction in my phone bills.  Using Ymodem-G at 14,400, expect an average cps
of about 1675 (for ZIPped files).  MNP error correction Levels 1-5 are built in.
     I purchased mine on a special through a distributor, but expect to find a street price
somewhere around $900 to $1000.  That's a pretty steep price, but in the long run it's worth
it.
     This sucker is also huge.  The big black box measures about 8x13 inches, but there's
a lot of power inside.  Included in the documentation is a supplement which tells which
DIPswitches to change and initialization commands for a wide variety of popular
communications software.
     If you can afford it, this is the one to go with.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

EXCEL 4.0
     The beginning of 1992 should see a beta release of Excel 4.0, giving Microsoft
another edge over Lotus' troubled 1-2-3/W.
     This new Excel will feature a customizable/moveable Toolbar and a 1-2-3 macro
interpreter, along with a Scenario Manager, and "auto-fill" capability, and predefined formats
to aid in spreadsheet setup.
     Excel 4.0 will mimic Word for Windows 2's ability to highlight, drag, and drop ranges
of text, charts, or formulas.  The current method of cut-and-paste and reaching for the
menus will be a thing of the past.
     The Scenario Manager lets you set up, name, and manage Best Case/Worst Case
scenarios.  Using what-if analysis and data tables to manage assumptions can be difficult to
manage.  This new technology will allow users to run multiple scenarios and keep track of
them by name.  Lotus already has this technology and is planning to add it into 1-2-3/W
Release 1.1, but they've got enough to do to get the bugs out of the current product.
     Much of Excel 4.0's drive is aimed at making spreadsheet setup easier.  The Autofill
feature automates insertion of column and row headers.  Says one source, "If you type in
quarter one for column one, the spreadsheet will fill the rest in across the board - the same
with months, days, etc.".  Non-date sequences can also be automated.  Users will also be
able to select and preview one of 30 predefined formats from a dialog box.
     The ability to run Lotus 2.01 macros is crucial but it is not known if the new Excel
will also handle macros written for 2.3 or 3.x.  Strong macro compatibility can only help to
loosen the hold that Lotus has on the spreadsheet market.  Purchasers will then have to
consider Excel, considering the problems that Lotus has had with 1-2-3/W.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

CHIP NEWS
     There are a number of developments taking place with chips these days.  In a few
months we should see Intel's 586.  The 586 is said to have 256K of cache which will free up
some motherboard space.  This trend toward single-chip solutions has affected other
manufacturers as well as Intel.
     Adaptec recently announced a single-chip implementation of the SCSI adapter for
PC's that have an EISA bus.  This chip, however, lacks the caching needed to store data bits
for I/o intensive applications and is more suited to low-end EISA applications.  Adaptec
rival Distributed Processing Technology is expected to follow suit with a similar product
soon.
     NCR is expected to announce data integrity technology for their family of 53C700
EISA SCSI adapters.  At this time, additional programmable logic array circuitry  is still
required to connect to an EISA bus.
     Don't be surprised if at some point in time, this one-upmanship tendency results in
support being built into the microprocessor.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ---------------

UPGRADEABLE COMPUTERS
     Seems like in every advertisement I see now somebody is hawking upgradeable
computers.  Just buy whatever system you think you need and if you decide to upgrade in
the future you only have to buy a CPU module.
     On the outside, this seems like a good idea.  When you really think about it, it's
stupid.  I would imagine that this type of thing appeals to people who are just getting into
computing and don't know any better.
     I started in computing with a TI 99/4A and it served me well.  One if it's liabilities
was the cartridge port.  After shoving cartridges in and out for a while, the connections get
worn and dirty and pretty soon you're shoving a matchbook under the cartridge to get it to
work.
     I would imagine that the same principle applies to these upgradeable CPU's. 
Granted, you're not constantly plugging and unplugging the connection, but any time you
have two pieces of circuit board connecting, it's  a place to collect dust and corrosion.  It's
the weakest link in the chain.
     Another argument against these things is the money involved.  The upgrade modules
tend to be pricey.  If a shopper is smart, he can determine his needs in advance and make
an intelligent purchase.  Do you really need these incremental upgrades - SX-16, SX-20,
DX-25, DX-33, DX-40, etc?  I would hope that if you're buying an SX, that you'd go with
a 20 mhz model, the price should be within $75 or so of a 16 mhz machine.  Who's going
to quibble between a DX-33 and a DX-40?  (Did I forget the 486SX? I wish I could!)  And
what happens if your company goes out of business and the upgrade modules are no longer
available once you've saved up your money?
     Just like full motherboard integration (video, I/O, etc. all on the motherboard), this
is one idea that deserves to die.  It's a marketing ploy - simple as that.
                =================================

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               DISCLAIMER

     RAndY's RumOR RaG is published on a monthly basis by AINSWORTH
COMPUTER SERVICES and is available on various BBS's, GEnie, and America Online
with excerpts in Modem News.
     RAndY's RumOR RaG is produced on a DTK 386-33 with 16 MB of memory, 105
MB Toshiba hard drive, 1.2M-360K-1.44M floppy drives, Cyrix FasMath CoProcessor, ATI
VGA Wonder+ (1 MB) display card, Sceptre 14" SVGA monitor, and transmitted through
a USR HST Dual Standard external modem (for whoever cares).
     Opinions expressed are those of the author.  Comments should be addressed to
Ainsworth Computer Services on GEnie or America Online.

AINSWORTH COMPUTER SERVICES
605 W. Wishkah
Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
(206) 533-6647
GEnie Address: RAG
AOL Address: RumOR RaG