RAndY's RumOR RaG
February 1995

NEWS IN YER FACE
      Under  the  heading of dumb software comes  Microsoft  Bob.
I've discussed this stupidware previously in this column, but now
Microsoft is starting to hype it.  Let's see, a piece of paper on
a   desk   represents  a  word  processing  application,  cartoon
characters  like a dog called Rover which give on-line  help  via
text   statements,  and  Microsoft  says  that   eventually   the
characters  will  have speech capabilities.  Who  asks  for  this
crap?
      Some  industry wonk recently predicted, "I  think  in  five
years  some  kind  of talking head will be the standard  way  the
computer communicates."  Not on my machine, buddy.
       After  being  introduced  at  CES,  few  PC  manufacturers
expressed an interest in bundling the product with their systems.
Insiders  expect  it  to  sell well to  the  teen  crowd  and  PC
neophytes  who are intimidated by current interfaces.   Microsoft
is  shooting  for sales figures in the same range  as  those  for
Works.
      In related stupid software news, Novel is testing a product
called Corsair which is similar to Microsoft Bob.
---------------
       Rocker  Peter  Gabriel  is  planning  to  build  his   own
interactive software company, Real World Multimedia.  A  new  CD-
ROM  called  Xplora  combines Gabriel's  music  with  interactive
multimedia images.
---------------
      Look  for  a new technology from Microsoft called  Surround
Video.   According  to  a spokesman, "It  puts  the  user  in  an
environment  that is photographically real."  Users  can  view  a
still  image at 360 degrees by just moving the mouse.  It's  like
you're  standing in one place and turn your head to  see  a  full
panorama.   The technology also allows for full-motion video  and
sound to be layered on top.
---------------
      Two  new  screensavers you've got to get  -  The  Women  of
Playboy and The Beavis and Butthead Multimedia Screen Saver.  Uh-
huh-uh-uh-huh-huh-mmmm-huh-huh.
---------------
     Sound card makers Aztech have made an 8.3% equity investment
in Reveal, a company loosely related to Packard Bell.
---------------
      There's a problem with the replacement Pentium chips  being
shipped  out.  Some chips are overheating if the heat  sinks  are
not  compatible with the replacement chips.  Intel offers OEMs  a
universal heat sink, but some vendors change the design.
---------------
      The  beta  for OS/2 for PowerPC is late and ISVs are  being
told they'll have to wait a few more weeks.
---------------
      Microsoft  and  Hewlett-Packard have embarked  on  a  joint
project  to  develop infrared technology which will be integrated
into  Windows  95.  This will allow users to work with  portables
and printers that have infrared capabilities.
---------------
      Intel will soon introduce a new chipset, code-named Triton,
which  will  allow  manufacturers to  produce  higher  performing
systems  at  a lower cost.  The chipset uses a new type  of  DRAM
called  Extended  Data  Out, EDO, which  is  currently  in  short
supply.  EDO doubles the bandwidth of regular DRAM and eliminates
the  need  for  expensive SRAM caches while delivering  the  same
performance.
---------------
      If  you have a Hewlett-Packard Deskjet 520, 550C, 560C,  or
Deskwriter 520 you may be finding that the paper feed rollers are
having  trouble  picking up paper.  It seems that these  printers
which  were manufactured between June 1993 and March 1994 used  a
new  material for the rollers which loses its friction properties
over  time.   Low humidity or temperature, low usage,  or  excess
paper dust aggravates the condition.
      You  can call Hewlett-Packard at 1-800-656-2324 for a Paper
Feed  Cleaning  Kit.   Included will be a disk  which  makes  the
rollers  turn  continuously  while  spring-loaded  abrasive  pads
roughen  the rollers' surfaces.  This takes about 20 minutes  and
HP  claims  it should only be required once or twice  during  the
lifetime of the printer.
---------------
      Lotus  and  AT&T are reportedly teaming up to  buy  another
company - possibly Novell.
---------------
      GameCop from Analytic Software in San Jose is programmed to
recognize 100 games and will sound an alarm if an employee  plays
a game on company time.
---------------
      Ten years ago, IBM's 3090 Model 200 mainframe sold for $5.6
million and cranked out 27.9 MIPS.  Today, their ES/9000  has  15
times the processor power at just three times the cost.
---------------

WINDOWS 95 NEWS
      Microsoft will host some nondisclosure meetings at  CES  to
explain  the delays in getting Windows 95 to the shelf.   They'll
also talk about the new idiotware mentioned above, Microsoft Bob.
My spies tell me that the reason for the Windows 95 delay is that
Plug-N-Play is nowhere near ready yet.
      I have heard through the grapevine that Windows 95 is not a
completely  new rewrite, but an improvement of DOS  and  Windows,
that it continues to rely on DOS, and that the kernel includes 16-
bit  code.  Well, it seems that some beta testers are finding out
that  some applications will not load because they've run out  of
conventional DOS memory.
     Even Microsoft admits that there is some 16-bit code around.
Andrew   Schulman,   author  of  the  Microsoft-sanctioned   book
"Unauthorized Windows 95" claims that the use of MS-DOS  code  is
necessary  for  compatibility reasons -  and  to  keep  the  code
smaller.  It is claimed that converting to 32-bit code would have
increased the memory requirements by almost 40 percent.
      Don't bother trying to suck up to Microsoft to be a Windows
95  beta  tester.  They've already got 40,000 and aren't  looking
for any more.
      Microsoft  is  taking the Microsoft Network off-line  until
March to upgrade the infrastructure.  Beta testers have been able
to dial in up to this point.
---------------

DOS AIN'T DEAD YET
      Even though Microsoft has ceased development of MS-DOS, IBM
thinks  there  is still a market.  Lotus and Novell  continue  to
develop DOS-based products.
      PC-DOS  7  is now in beta testing and will reportedly  give
users  as  much  as 70K of extra memory for running  drivers  and
applications.
      Along  with better memory management, PC-DOS 7 will  detect
more  than  2,100  viruses, contain the full Windows  version  of
Stacker  4.02, feature hyperlinked on-line help, a new  interface
for  setting up commonly used cards, and File Update, a  Laplink-
like utility for synchronizing files on multiple computers.  Gone
is the Workplace Shell.
     IBM sees two markets for such a product - preloading systems
and the upgrade market.  They claim there are about 50 million in
the  upgrade  market  alone.  Said an IBM spokesman,  "Let's  get
real.   There was no real reason (for manufacturers to adopt  IBM
DOS)  before  because Windows 95 was going to be available  third
quarter of 1994, I mean fourth quarter...I mean August 1995."
---------------

WINDOWS 95 REVISITED
      Last  month I gave you some of my impressions after working
with a beta of Windows 95 for a few days.  In my haste to move on
to more important things, I neglected to mention a few things.
      I  don't  know  if  this is something  Microsoft  plans  to
implement  when  it releases Windows 95 and,  in  fact,  any  new
software  -  but they've gone to a new distribution format.   The
disks  are distributed in a 1.6M DMF format that our disk  drives
don't  understand.   Of course you can read the  disks,  but  you
can't  copy  the distribution disks.  Hmmm, could copy protection
be rearing its ugly head again after all these years?
      Another thing I forgot to mention is that you can't  delete
the  My  Computer icon in the upper left corner of  your  screen.
You  can't  even  rename it to something less stupid.   The  only
useful  purpose this serves is to let you format disks.   Believe
it  or  not,  you  can't  format disks from  the  much-ballyhooed
Explorer!   All other functions contained therein  can  be  found
elsewhere.  I don't want it there and I certainly don't  want  it
to have a stupid name like "My Computer".
---------------

 MORE NEWS IN YER FACE
      At February's International Solid State Circuits Convention
in  San Francisco, Intel will announce some technical details  of
their  P6  microprocessor.  Of course, they're  targeting  it  at
servers  and  high-end desktops and they're  expected  to  be  in
systems   by  the  third  quarter  of  this  year.   Using   RISC
architecture  for  greater processor speeds,  the  features  will
include  speculative  execution, multiple-branch  execution,  and
data-flow analysis.
     In other Intel news, the much-awaited P24T is now available.
Price-wise it's positioned between the DX2 and DX4 Overdrives  at
$449 list.  They claim a 50%-80% performance increase but I don't
think  the bang for the buck is there.  Why go this route when  a
DS4-100 costs $100 less  for the same performance?
---------------
      Novell's PerfectOffice 3.0 which shipped in December has an
installation bug which prevents it from installing on  a  machine
that  has  GroupWise  already loaded.  The  problem  was  quickly
fixed, but it's still an embarrassment.
      Another bug that's in about 100,000 copies will display  an
error  message "Old Theta being updated" when users attempt  some
applications.   Resellers  have  the  choice  of  returning   the
packages or pasting them with a sticker that urges users to  call
Novell's hotline.
---------------
      By  the end of the year, look for motherboard manufacturers
to integrate sound on the board..  FM sound cards will then be in
the upgrade market.
---------------
      Kelly  Micro  has developed a SIMM with a DIP switch  which
will  allow  resellers to adjust resisters to one of four  common
settings.
---------------
      Opinion is divided over the impact the earthquake in  Japan
may  have  on  DRAM prices.  The consensus is that if  there  are
price increases, they will be short-lived.
---------------
      Defense  contractor  McDonnell Douglas  and  Microsoft  are
getting together to create an action game.
---------------
     Time-Warner's Woodstock CD had a 90% return rate.  I thought
it was groovy, man.
---------------
     Although Novell no longer sells WordPerfect for OS/2, for $4
they'll  send you a disk that improves the program's  performance
under  Warp  and  will  also register files  as  objects  in  the
Workplace Shell.
---------------
      Sunguard Data Systems sent out some disks that contained  a
virus  that  their own anti-virus software couldn't detect.   The
disks  contained a program which helped businesses  recover  data
after a disaster such as a flood or other loss-inducing incident.
Says  president Bruce Battjer "Shame on me for getting bit  once,
but shoot me if I get bit twice."
---------------
      When  commenting on Mac clones which are soon  to  hit  the
market, Apple CEO Michael Spindler said, "If anybody makes a  Mac
cheaper than we do, we should be shot."
---------------
      O.J.  Judge Lance Ito was deluged by offers of freebies  by
computer  companies who wanted their products  used  during  this
famous trial.  IBM's ThinkPad won and Ito's model carries an  IBM
logo that's twice the normal size (so the cameras can see it).
---------------
      Some  info-dorks  are going on a three-month  trek  through
Central  America starting February 1 and their itinerary will  be
determined  by  people  who  communicate  with  them  via  laptop
computers.      You     can     join     in     by     contacting
MayaQuest@Info.MNs.k12.mn.us.
---------------
     Intel is about to release their third-generation PCI chipset
for the Pentium called Triton.  It will feature bus mastering for
IDE and a Plug-and-Play port.
      In  other  Intel news, they plan to disclose any  flaws  in
their chips under a more open policy.
---------------
      Patrick Duffy, VP of sales for Pionex America, made note of
his  company's  anticipation of price cuts  by  Packard  Bell  on
processors  his company no longer sells by saying,  "We've  never
been  caught with our pants down.  Maybe unbuckled a  few  times,
but never down."
---------------

NEXT MONTH
      I  hope  to do a hands-on review of Intel's DX4-100.   That
should  be  hot!   And I might even have a line  on  a  Microsoft
keyboard (finally).
                =================================

                          DISCLAIMER
     RAndY's RumOR RaG is published on a monthly basis by RANDALL
AINSWORTH  PHOTOGRAPHY and is available on various  local  BBS's,
GEnie, and in Modem News.
     In case anyone cares, RAndY's RumOR RaG is produced on a 486-
50  with  8  megs of memory, 420 MB Connor IDE hard drive,  105MB
Toshiba  IDE  hard drive, TEAC 1.2 MB and 1.44 MB  floppies,  Pro
Audio  Spectrum  16 running a Hitachi 3750 CD ROM drive,  Sceptre
SVGA  display, Microsoft mouse, Word for Windows and  transmitted
through a US Robotics HST Dual Standard modem.
      Opinions expressed are those of the author.  Feel  free  to
distribute RAndY's RumOR RaG or post it as you see fit.  Comments
should  be  addressed to Randall Ainsworth Photography on  GEnie,
via phone, analog mail, or whatever method makes you feel good.

     RANDALL AINSWORTH PHOTOGRAPHY
     605 W. Wishkah
     Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
     (360) 533-6647
     GEnie Address: RAG
     Internet: rag@geis.com

