RAndY's RumOR RaG
May 1992

     Much of this month's issue will be devoted to the two new
software products hitting the market in April - that's right,
Windows 3.1 and OS/2 2.0.  The computer press has gone to great
lengths to convince us that these are earth-shattering products,
but you know who to depend on for the real truth (snicker).
     The door is wide open for software vendors with many planning
both Windows and OS/2 versions of their products.  Micrografx,
Lotus, Borland, and WordPerfect have all decided to play in both
environments.
     Don't look for OS/2 to make a huge dent in the marketplace. 
Microsoft has an incredible head start and I doubt that they'll
make any major mistakes.  From where I sit, the hardware demands of
OS/2 are still too steep to become as huge a success as Windows has
become.  Support from those writing applications will also be
necessary to keep OS/2 alive.  IBM has spent big bucks on this and
they're probably going to have to eat a lot of it.  My money is on
Windows NT to come out on top.
---------------

SALES DEPT.
     For a limited time, Windows 3.1 will be bundled with ATM and
four Type 1 fonts on all orders from Ingram Micro (a large
distributor).
---------------
     IBM is pushing OS/2 in advertisements in trade publications
with the slogan: "Starting today, everything computers have ever
done, they will do better".  They claim it will work on a 386SX -
yeah, right.
---------------

CLONE WARS
     Cyrix planned to introduce a 486-compatible processor
(Cx486SLC) at Comdex.  Availability is uncertain, but Cyrix says
the new 25MHz chip is designed for system manufacturers.  They say
that Cyrix will introduce a retail version of the chip to upgrade
386SX systems to 486 performance levels at PC Expo in June. They're
also working on a similar product as a replacement for the 386DX,
giving system performance on the same level as a 40MHz 486.
     Cyrix officials claim the Cx486SLC is aimed at the notebook
market, but could be also aimed at retail markets since it's pin
compatible with a 386SX.  Tandon, Zeos, and MicroSlate have
announced plans to use the new chip in future designs.
     Cyrix development plans will proceed despite a lawsuit filed
by Intel claiming patent infringement.
---------------

QUOTES, ETC.
     Borland head honcho, Philippe Kahn recently noted that
Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates is "trying to eat our lunch" in
reference to the success of "Silence of the Lambs".  In a slightly
veiled threat, Kahn went on to say: "I know Bill well; I wouldn't
quite say he's a friend, but I guarantee we'll have him for
dinner."
     Meanwhile, Microsoft is making everyone mad with their ads
deriding WordPerfect for Windows, Borland languages, and Lotus
spreadsheets.
---------------
     Bill Gates was recently asked about OS/2 at a New York PC
users gathering and said, "I don't spend much time talking about
OS/2.  We have experience looking at OS/2, because it's very
similar to what was written many years ago."
---------------

MICROSOFT NEWS
     At the recent Comdex, Mr. Gates divulged Microsoft's strategy
for operating systems in the future.
     Look for CD-enhanced versions of Office, Excel, Word, Project,
and PowerPoint.  They also intend to ship five new information-
oriented applications that will only come on CD-ROM.
     Microsoft is planning a unified product that will combine DOS
and Windows along with "at least two more major versions of DOS"
designed specifically for 386 and 486 computers.  Said Gates,
"[this] will allow us to move the file system into protected
memory.  We will take the graphical pieces, separate them out and
call that Windows.  Then we will separate out the non-graphical
pieces and call that DOS.  This methodology will support both DOS
and Windows users."  Gates also said that Windows will become a
tiered product.
     "We will sell a low-priced version of Windows that is with
today's 3.1, and we will sell a higher-priced Windows product that
has mail and other products built into it."  The installation
process for this fusing of DOS and Windows should be easier and
parts of DOS that are replaced by similar but stronger functions in
Windows could be eliminated.  Said Gates, "all that's left of DOS
when you load Windows is the file system."
     You can also expect to see installable file systems, allowing
users to choose between the traditional DOS FAT system, HPFS, and
the forthcoming NT file system, and maybe even the still-in-
development Object File System.
---------------

COMDEX CUT-UPS
     I hear that both Microsoft and IBM pulled out all the stops
with their new product announcements.  Microsoft clearly outdid Big
Blue with numerous giveaways - the new Windows logo on everything
but toilet paper.
     An IBM executive bragged that within 24 hours of Microsoft's
release of Windows 3.1, they had demonstrated Windows 3.1 running
under OS/2 2.  He also said that within a couple of days he had
orders for more than 200,000 copies of OS/2.
     Meanwhile, Microsoft's Steve Ballmer was wandering the Comdex
floor and paused at an IBM OS/2 demo booth.  After running Excel
under OS/2 and making a few keystrokes, he announced that he had
"hung" the system.  An IBM programmer then hit CTRL-ESC and brought
back OS/2.  The crowd applauded and Ballmer moved on.
     Mr. Gates was also seen walking the Comdex floor and when
asked if he thought IBM had the marketing know-how to make OS/2 a
success, he quickly responded "the early indications are no."
---------------

NEWS IN YER FACE
     Quattro Pro and Paradox for Windows was shown at Comdex as
beta copies were being shipped out to testers.  According to
Borland's Lee Phillips, Borland is "absolutely committed" to
delivering Quattro Pro for Windows by late June.
---------------
     Sierra On-Line will make some aggressive moves within the next
six months in the market for simulators.  New flight simulators
include the Red Baron and Aces of the Pacific.  Both of these will
be available in VGA versions and list for $69.95.
---------------
     Lotus has discontinued work on Agenda as well as stopped work
on a Windows version.  Apparently they are close to acquiring a
Windows-based PIM.
---------------
     Expect Intel to announce the P24T in early 1993.  This is the
66MHz 586 core, but with a 33MHz external bus and pin compatibility
with the 486DX-33 (you know, the SX concept).  The next P5 chip,
called the P54C, is due in late 1993 and is expected to have a
100MHz internal clock speed with a 50MHz bus speed.  This will be
fully compatible with 486DX's and would be the upgrade path for
today's 50MHz 486DX machines.
---------------
     Things have cooled down at Microsoft in the area of databases. 
The anticipated introduction of Cirrus for mid-June now has
officials saying that beta copies won't go out until mid-summer if
then.  This is all a result of Microsoft's acquisition of Fox.
---------------

DR-DOS 7
     Sometime within the next 12 months, Novell is planning to
release DR-DOS 7 which will offer multitasking, better integration
with Netware, and a protected mode option.
     This new version will feature true pre-emptive multitasking as
opposed to task switching.  DR-DOS 7 will incorporate some 386-
specific instructions, but will not be a 32-bit operating system. 
It will, however, permit certain DOS applications to run in
protected mode.
     In other DR-DOS news, Novell's Desktop Systems Group has
released an update to DR-DOS 6 which will be compatible with
Windows 3.1.  (Remember, Novell was not allowed to be part of the
Windows 3.1 beta test group and many users expressed compatibility
concerns.)  This update is available on CompuServe, Novell's DSG
bulletin board, and will be sent to registered users by the end of
this quarter.
---------------

WORD FOR WINDOWS 2/NEWWAVE 4
     I really hated the first version of this program.  It left a
bad taste in my mouth for Windows-based word processors.  I
recently had an opportunity to try out the much acclaimed Version
2.
     I still hate it.  The screen is much too busy.  You've got
icons galore, a ruler, and assorted other crap taking up the screen
leaving little area to do any typing in.
     I'm sorry, but I think the program stinks.  Simplicity should
be a primary concern.  When I look at a screen that is junked up
with icons and rulers and whatever else they can throw in there,
it's time for DEL *.*.
     NewWave is something else.  When I figure out what it is, I'll
let you know.  Meanwhile, I don't really understand what the point
is to this software.  At least they've trimmed it down so it takes
up less hard drive space.  But it's still slow and requires me to
use certain file extensions with certain programs (I prefer the
freedom to select my own extensions, thank you.)
     Although Windows 3.1 is faster than before, NewWave seems to
do it's best to slow it back down.  To HP's credit, they have made
it compatible with just about any Windows software; you don't need
software specially written to take advantage of NewWave.
     The nicest thing I can say is that I'm glad they won the
lawsuit with Apple.
---------------

BECKERTOOLS 3
     Can someone tell me why software companies have to screw up a
good thing?  Does anyone understand the KISS principle?
     I've used BeckerTools for some time.  It's a decent utility
for file and disk manipulations out of Windows - sort of a PC Tools
for Windows (sorry Central Point).
     What they've done in the newest version is split it up into
thirteen different modules.  Now you've got one module for disk
utilities (copying, formatting, etc.), another module for file
manipulations, and so it goes.  The screen appearance on each of
the modules just looks strange.  And what used to be a simple
procedure, now takes time getting used to the interface and how to
do things differently.  The Disk Optimizer (defragmenter) looks
like it's still a DOS program.
     It's hard for me to describe what they've done to this thing,
I guess you have to see it.  I figured maybe I could use one or two
modules and let it go at that.
     Nope - this is the first time I have returned a piece of
software for a refund.  This is awful!
---------------

NEW HP LASER SOON
     No one is saying when, but sometime this year (rumored to be
this fall), Hewlett-Packard will be releasing a new laser printer
which is similar to the popular Laserjet III.  This new model will
have 600 dpi resolution and support for TrueType.  This will be an
8 ppm printer with 600 dpi capabilities right out of the box.
     Besides support for Windows TrueType technology, it will also
have a high-speed bi-directional parallel interface.
---------------

CAN YOU HEAR ME?
     Up until now, I've never seen a great need to buy a sound card
- until I attended a Microsoft Technical Seminar.  They played
JFK's "ask not what your country can do for you..." quote through
the computer and it sounded excellent.  They also demonstrated some
possibilities that are available with Windows 3.1 and a sound card.
     Now the choice was which one to get.  I seriously considered
a SoundBlaster Pro until I talked to a friend who knew more about
these things than I did.  He suggested the Pro Audio Spectrum 16
from MediaVision.
     He was right - this is the one to get.  You'll pay a little
more than a SoundBlaster Pro, but it's a more versatile piece of
hardware.
     This card lets you do true 16-bit sampling at 44.1kHz in
stereo.  It's CD quality coming back out!
     I set my practice amp in front of a 13-cent Radio Shack
microphone and played the opening lick to "Smells Like Teen Spirit"
with the ol' Strat.  It sounded great!  (Well, Nirvana only gets so
good.)
     You get some great software, too.  There's a MIDI sequencer
that runs in DOS along with some files that let you attach sound to
Harvard Graphics, Animator, and other presentation files.
     For Windows, there is a large and small mixer along with a
multimedia mixer.  The Pocket Recorder is more versatile than the
one that comes with Windows.
     TrackBlaster Pro is incredible with 44kHz stereo sound and
excellent graphics.
     The documentation could be better arranged, and I saw nothing
in the book about the included software which switches the card
into SoundBlaster emulation.
     Outside support for the card is weak, but I expect to see it
happening soon.  This a hot piece of hardware - and if you're
looking to add sound to your system, this is the one to go with.
     The card is SoundBlaster and AdLib compatible, but I found a
few things that are SoundBlaster specific that would not work.  I'm
still trying to figure out how to play CMF files.  Other than that,
this thing is outrageous!!
---------------

POOR TASTE AWARD
     Logitech is currently running a double-page color
advertisement for their mice.  On the left is a photo of a baby in
diapers with the caption "Feels Good".  The facing page has a
different baby on it's back, naked, and very visibly urinating with
a caption stating "Feels Better".  The idea is that Logitech mice
feel better than anyone else's.
     What urinating infants has to do with the feel of a mouse
escapes me.
     I have a suggestion for a target for these waterlogged
infants.
---------------

WINDOWS 3.1 IMPRESSIONS
     It's been almost a month now and I've grown accustomed to
Windows 3.1.  On the outside it may be the same, but many of the
cosmetic changes are welcome.
     I like the consistent dialog boxes.  It will be nice when
ISV's catch up in new releases so that things are most consistent
between applications.
     The multimedia support is interesting to say the least.  This
feature should sell sound cards and CD-ROMs.
     The speed increase is noticeable.  Thanks to the new
Smartdrive and code changes, I've finally taken the radical step of
having Windows in my AUTOEXEC file.  Whew!!
     Finally, TrueType is wonderful.  After using add-on products,
the speed difference is discernable with this new core technology
(note the new buzzword).  I'm gradually replacing my ATM fonts with
TrueType counterparts.
     I must fault Microsoft on a couple of points,however.  The
Registration Editor is poorly documented.  Only the online help is
there, there's nothing in the book.  You have to buy the Technical
Reference Manual to begin to make sense out of it.
     The second point is what I consider a slight deception on
Microsoft's part.  One feature that is advertised is drop-and-drag
printing.  You drag a document icon over the top of the Print
Manager and it prints. A call to the WordPerfect Tech Support team
suggests that a special Microsoft format must be used to save your
document for this feature to work. This is not entirely correct -
see my note below concerning the Registration Editor.
     Speaking of the Print Manager, this formerly worthless utility
is now actually worth using.  The speed is as good as it's going to
get and so far it's worked quite nicely.
     If you already have Windows, spend the $50 for the upgrade. 
If you've held off because you didn't like the speed or thought the
environment was too unstable, now is the time to cough up the
bucks.
     I have been experiencing some difficulties with the Courier
font that comes with Windows 3.1.  I hate Courier, but have to use
it for writing the RaG, otherwise using a proportional font makes
the lines too long when I save it as ASCII.  What's happening is
that the ends of the lines sometimes disappear on the screen.  If
I use Reveal Codes, I can see that the text is there, but it's just
irritating.  I've also had a number of other problems with
WordPerfect for Windows since switching to Windows 3.1.  Printing
is an iffy proposition.  Often I get an error message telling me
that it can't find a couple of DLL's which don't exist.  My guess
is that it's a WordPerfect problem and I hope it will be one of the
fixes in the soon to be released interim release.
     Also, you'd better spring for the extra $20 for the Windows
Resource Kit.  It has some excellent information on how the whole
thing works and some nice utilities on a disk.
---------------

DROP-AND-DRAG TIP
     Reading all the hype, you'd think that you can take any File
Manager document icon, drag it on top of a minimized Print Manager
icon, and it magically prints.
     That's not really so.  WordPerfect claims that your data needs
to be saved in special "Microsoft-blessed" format for this to work,
but I've played around a bit and figured out a little of the
puzzle.
     You need to use the Registration Editor.  The file name is
REGEDIT.EXE and it's probably not installed in any of your groups
by default.  (Use a "/v" switch for the Advanced Editor, but for
now just use it without the switch so you don't screw things up too
much.)  Documentation in both Windows and the Windows Resource Kit
is terrible concerning this utility.
     Here's what I've discovered in my trials to get WordPerfect
for Windows to do drag-and-drop printing.  The best I can do is to
get it to start up WPWIN and load the selected file.  I still can't
get it to take me to the print menu.
     Here's how to do it with WordPerfect for Windows. Fire up the
Registration Editor.  Select Add New File Type under the Edit menu. 
Enter whatever you want for Identifier, up to 63 ASCII characters. 
For File Type, enter whatever description you want to appear in the
Editor.  Under Action, select either Open or Print, the idea is the
same.  Select browse and select the executable file for the
application you want.  Add a "%1" after the filename to serve as a
wildcard as you would in a DOS batch file.
     If your application supports DDE, check the Uses DDE box and
fill in the following for DDE Messages.  Application and Topic
should already appear; if they don't, I don't know how to get the
correct information in there. In the Message box enter
"[open("%1")]" for the Open option.  When selecting Print, enter
"[open("%1")][print()][close()]".  Under the heading of DDE Message
when Application Is Not Running, enter the same information except
substitute "quit" for "close".  No quotes, of course.  Now when you
drag the icon over the Print Manager, it will at least start the
application and load the associated file.  Make sure your data
files are Associated in the File Manager, too.
---------------

NEW AMI DIAGS
     American Megatrends has produced a new update of the AMI
diagnostic program.  The program was designed for in-house testing
of motherboards beyond simple burn-in.  The software has a new
color graphical interface which checks the motherboard,
peripherals, and memory, giving a graphical representation of
memory errors.  The program can also display an image of the
motherboard with problems highlighted.
     It is assumed that the computer can boot DOS, but if that's
not the case, a separate board/software product lets a second
computer test another which can't boot DOS.
     The program reads CMOS setup information and tests disk drives
through extensive benchmarks.  You can also set the disk interleave
and block bad disk tracks.
     The suggested price is $149.
---------------

NEXT MONTH
     Look for reviews of Excel 4.0, Facelift for Windows 2.0, the
interim release of WordPerfect for Windows, hopefully Sierra's new
Pinball (for Windows) and who knows what else ...
                =================================

                          DISCLAIMER
     RAndY's RumOR RaG is published on a monthly basis by AINSWORTH
COMPUTER SERVICES and is available on various BBS's, GEnie, and
America Online as well as in Modem News.
     In case anyone cares, RAndY's RumOR RaG is produced on a DTK
386-33 with 16 megs of memory, Cyrix Fasmath co-processor, ATI VGA
Wonder+ card (1 MB), 105 MB Toshiba IDE hard drive, Teac 1.2 MB,
360K, and 1.44 MB floppies, Sceptre SVGA display, Microsoft mouse,
WordPerfect for Windows and transmitted through a US Robotics HST
Dual Standard modem.
     Opinions expressed are those of the author.  Comments should
be addressed to Ainsworth Computer Services on GEnie, America
Online, phone, analog mail, or whatever method makes you feel good.

     AINSWORTH COMPUTER SERVICES
     605 W. Wishkah
     Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
     (206) 533-6647
     GEnie Address: RAG
     America Online: RumOR RaG