RAndY's RumOR RaG
September 1994

NEWS IN YER FACE
      Here's an interesting item I came across.  The Clipper CS-1
is  a self-contained computing environment which, on the outside,
looks like the back half of a plywood lobster.
      Inside  you  sit on a leather seat which moves forward  and
backward on a rail.  On your left is a well for a printer  and  a
well  for  file folders on your right.  Ahead is  a  desk  for  a
monitor, tilting surface for a keyboard, task lighting,  and  air
vents.  This ergonomically correct work area is surrounded  by  a
curved  enclosure that provides privacy and filters distractions.
It  was  not  designed as a constant environment, but rather  for
working on difficult problems.
      This  thing really looks strange, but you too can have  one
for just $6,000.
---------------
      By  the time you read this, dBase for Windows should be  on
the  shelves.  Industry sources say that Borland is working on  a
project  called  Phoenix which will be targeted at  the  low-end.
Phoenix  will  have no programming language and  may  include  an
electronic mail program.  Some say they're just using old  Object
Vision technology.
---------------
      After  ten  years of development, Geoworks  was  awarded  a
patent  for  their technology in the GUI for the  GEOS  operating
system.
---------------
      Motorola is working with Microsoft and IBM to port the next
version  of  Windows NT to the PowerPC.  This is the  first  time
that Motorola has teamed up with software developers on a port.
---------------
      Lotus  has dropped the price of Ami Pro 3.1 to $99  and  is
including filters for Word 6 and WordPerfect 6.
---------------
      IBM  will  be dropping the price of OS/2 to about  $25  and
including a $50 coupon for upgrading to Warp (the next version of
OS/2  scheduled  to  ship in October).  This is  in  response  to
Microsoft's delay of Chicago.
---------------
      Intel  is  stuck  with  a significant  inventory  of  60mhz
Pentiums.   Reports say they're sitting on 93 days  of  inventory
when normal levels are less than 60 days.  Meantime, they'll have
to shift to 3.3 volt units by year's end.
---------------
      Aires  Electronics  has  a module  which  plugs  into  your
existing  486 socket to let you use the new 3.3-volt  DX4  chips.
Pricing  is  $24.50 in quantities of 100.  I don't know  if  this
will  find  its way to retail, but it appears to be  a  good  way
around buying a new motherboard.
---------------
      There's a new shareware program you can find on the on-line
services  which  lets you estimate the price of any  used  PC  or
Macintosh  with  any  configuration of memory,  hard  drive,  and
video.   Look  for  the AmCoEx Used Computer Price  Estimator  in
Windows and Macintosh versions.
---------------
      "I  think computer viruses should count as life ... It says
something about human nature that the only form of life  we  have
created  so far is purely destructive." - Astrophysicist  Stephen
Hawking, speaking at the MacWorld trade show in Boston.
---------------

WHAT'S NEW WITH CHICAGO
     There's lots of Chicago news out there, so let's get to it.
      It looks like Microsoft is starting to hack away at some of
the  less  important features in an attempt to get the  operating
system  out  the door in a timely manner.  They've already  taken
out  the  Internet interface.  Next on the cutting block  may  be
Capone,  the specialized software for moving local and global  E-
mail, voice mail, and other communications messages into a single
in-box.  Says Brad Chase, general manager of Microsoft's personal
systems group, "If Capone isn't ready when Chicago is rock solid,
we'll probably release the operating system without the universal
in-box features."
      Users of the current beta are complaining of problems  with
multi-tasking and multi-threading capabilities.  The second  test
release,  known as M7, is due out in September and  will  correct
these problems through more efficient use of memory.
      Here's  something you haven't heard before.   Chicago  will
have   an   on-line  registration  system.     Similar   to   the
installation for Procomm Plus for Windows, users will be asked if
they  want to register on-line.  You will then enter registration
information,  like the purchase date, name, address,  etc.   Then
you'll  check  various  areas  of interest  such  as  accounting,
programming, children's software, and desktop publishing.   Then,
via  a  toll-free number, this information will  be  uploaded  to
Microsoft  Line Services.  Here's where it gets interesting:  the
software  "polls"  your  machine and determines  CPU  type,  disk
space,  RAM, and other technical information about your  computer
which is also uploaded.
      Microsoft will then have the potential to build a  detailed
database  of  customers  willing and able  to  tap  into  on-line
services.
      Some  industry analysts have concerns over the invasion  of
privacy  that this concept generates.  It was only a short  while
ago  that Prodigy was suspected of similar inquisitiveness  about
computer users.
      Marvel is the code name for Microsoft's eventual attempt to
get  into  the on-line services business.  The original plan  was
for  offering limited services to Microsoft's Solution  Providers
with  a  second phase later in 1995 to be more consumer oriented.
Both  phases  have  been  held  up  due  to  delays  in  Chicago.
Traditional  service providers are concerned that Microsoft  will
enter the market with a $2.95 monthly fee as opposed to the $8.95
that other services charge.
      Beta  testers report that the 4 meg requirement for Chicago
is  a  dream.  (What have I told you?)  Most say that you'll need
at  least  twice  that amount, with 12-16 megs  being  even  more
realistic.
      Symantec  is working on a line of utilities especially  for
Chicago.   There  will  be a new version of  their  base  product
Norton  Utilities  as  well  as  stand-alone  utilities  such  as
antivirus   software  for  servers  and  clients,  remote-control
software,  enterprise backup, and more advanced  file  management
and  viewing capabilities.  Also expected are migration utilities
such as Norton Administrator and a tuning tool that will verify a
system  is optimized, clean, stable, and secure before installing
Chicago.
      Resellers and third-party developers are concerned that the
Plug-and-Play feature of Chicago will not be fully functional  in
the shipping product.  The concern is over the amount of hardware
that  will be Plug-and-Play compliant when Chicago ships and  how
"swappable" these products will be from system to system.   At  a
recent  Plugfest  developer conference  in  July,  many  products
failed to move easily between machines running Chicago.  Industry
insiders say that Microsoft would lose face if this feature  were
not  fully  functional,  given the no-brainer  approach  used  on
PowerPCs.
     This fall will see beta release #2 which will be followed by
the  Chicago  Preview Program which will include  100,000  sites.
Unlike   traditional   beta  testing,   Microsoft   will   charge
participants of this program.
      Microsoft's  Brad Chase says that "a street price  of  $100
would not surprise me for the Windows Chicago upgrade."
      One of the applets included with Chicago is Hyper Terminal,
an  update of the existing Terminal offering a call log and speed
dialer, better integration of disparate communications from pager
messages to voice mail or electronic mail through an inbox  known
as InfoCenter.  Also included will be a basic interface that uses
VoiceView  technology  which lets users  initiate  or  receive  a
single  phone  call  that  can  handle  graphics,  text  or  file
transfer, as well as voice communications (rather than using  two
phone lines).
      For example, you could call a product support hot line, use
the  same  connection  to  send files  or  error  messages  to  a
technician,  then  discuss  the  problem.   Only  one   type   of
information could be sent at once, so users could not talk  while
data is being transmitted.
      Before  being  allowed to carry the Windows 4 compatibility
logo,  vendors  will be required to include an uninstall  feature
for  their  applications.  I don't have to tell you that  it's  a
real   problem  keeping  track  of  which  files  are   used   by
applications  and which can be deleted when you  get  rid  of  an
application.  Included in the next software developers  kit  will
be tools that will make it easier for vendors to develop software
with uninstall features.
---------------

WARP UPDATE
      IBM  is  expected  to ship the final test  release  of  the
upgrade  to OS/2 on August 15.  Testing will finish in  September
and ready for purchase in October.
      "We  intend to exploit Chicago's delay to the fullest,  and
ship  millions  of units within 90 days of Warp's release,"  said
Walley  Casey, director of marketing for IBM's personal  software
products division.  Casey is expecting sales of OS/2 to  rise  by
45% next year, with estimated sales between 500,000 and 2 million
units this year.
      Casey  also said that IBM would be making "very significant
announcements"  soon  regarding preloading OS/2  on  new  systems
sold.
     Warp includes a one-button install option.  A "play at will"
capability lets users insert PCMCIA cards into portable computers
without rebooting the system.
      Testers  of Warp note the operating system's stability  and
speed.   One  system analyst said that "if IBM  uses  Warp's  new
icons  in  ads,  the  upgrade may catch  on;  it's  quite  neat."
Another said, "IBM has done its homework with this upgrade.  Warp
is a substantial improvement over OS/2 2.1."
      I  have  a copy of the Warp Beta 2 coming.  It will feature
easy installation by identifying the hardware and configuring  it
to meet specifications.  There will be a new look and feel to the
Workplace Shell with more color palettes and schemes and animated
folder  icons.   The  LaunchPad will let users have  single-click
access to frequently used objects.  There will be a new graphical
tutorial for new and advanced users along with a comet cursor for
laptops and pointer styles and colors.
      Included  with  the Warp Beta 2 is BonusPak which  includes
whiteboard  data sharing with multi-user annotation  for  sharing
images,  text,  graphics, and application  window  contents.   Of
course,  this  new software will work with both Windows  3.1  and
Windows for Workgroups 3.11.  If you'd like to participate in the
beta  test program, call 1-800-251-2177 for either a CD  or  disk
version for just $14.95 plus tax.  Ask for the Warp Beta 2.
---------------

MORE NEWS IN YER FACE
      The  code  name  for Microsoft's interactive  TV  operating
system is Mimosa.
---------------
      I hear of a new book being published by Albion Books of San
Francisco  called "Netiquette".  It gives tips on how to  respect
other  computer  users' available bandwidth and cope  with  flame
mail.  Where do I get one of these things?  My mail on local BBSs
consistently accuses me of being a racist, bigot, homophobe,  and
most recently a Nazi.
---------------
      Media  Vision reported a loss of $99 million on revenue  of
$150  million.  Last month they filed for Chapter 11  protection.
In  fiscal year 1992, Media Vision reported earnings of  $600,000
on revenue of $69 million.
---------------
      Compaq  will soon put labels on keyboards which tell  users
about repetitive stress injury.  Compaq recently won a lawsuit by
a  user  who claimed the company knew of the danger but  did  not
warn  the public.  I think that this is just pandering to  people
who expect someone to always watch out for them.  Enough of these
injury  claims  -  I'm  sure  that repetitive  stress  injury  is
legitimate,  but consumer products have reached the  point  where
you  have  to  warn people not to use a lawnmower  to  cut  their
toenails.  Enough is enough.
---------------
      Look for Pentiums to take a price drop of about 27% by  the
end  of  the year and another estimated 10% in the first half  of
1995.
---------------
      Saw  an  ad  for  an interesting CD title  -  Leonardo  the
inventor  -  about  Da Vinci's life and numerous  inventions  and
achievements.   The software is being promoted  as  a  children's
educational  title,  but  it looks to be  quite  educational  and
interesting for an old coot like me.
---------------
      Virtually  all new DOS development has stopped  at  Novell.
Novell  insiders attribute this decision to a lack of  growth  in
the market along with the Justice Department's ruling, which they
say  virtually guarantees Microsoft's dominance of the  operating
system  market.  Said one Novell source, "DOS has seen  the  best
years  behind  it.  Few new DOS apps are being  built,  and  once
Chicago  comes  along, there will be even fewer."   One  reseller
said, "Sell-through of Novell DOS was practically nonexistent."
---------------
      Give  Aldus  a  call at 1-800-628-2320  for  the  PageMaker
Enhancement  Pack.   They've added import filters  for  Word  for
Windows 6 and Ventura Publisher CHP files as well as some changes
to PostScript print drivers.  They'll charge you $9.95 or you can
grab the files off their BBS at (206) 623-6984.  Both PC and  Mac
updates are available.
---------------

NEW MICROSOFT HARDWARE
     That's right, I said hardware.
      Microsoft will be marketing a few new hardware products but
don't expect to see printers or CD-ROM drives under their name.
     The first entry under their Home brand will be an ugly, dark
blue  mouse carrying an estimated street price of $39.   It  will
come  with  Microsoft's Intellipoint Home, which has  100  cursor
icons  like  dancers performing the tango, and five preprogrammed
special effects such as a jungle theme and science fiction.
      Beth  Featherstone,  a  marketing  manager  at  Microsoft's
hardware  group, said, "We wanted a design that adults could  use
and  not feel like it was a toy."  Oh really, and when will  this
take place?
      They've  also got some kind of keyboard but I haven't  been
able to get any information on it.
---------------

NEW INTEL IDEAS
      Intel  is working to transfer communications technology  to
the microprocessor; with the modem acting as an electronic bridge
and  the  processor the engine.  The computer would  do  all  the
voice and data processing that is now handled by the modem.
      An  advanced  I/O subsystem will let any peripheral  to  be
tightly integrated with the processor.  This new technology  will
also  include  software which is more easily  updateable  than  a
microprocessor which will include advances in communications.
      Said  one  analyst, "This makes a lot of sense  for  Intel.
They  are  in  the  business of selling  big,  expensive  chips."
Modems  designed to take advantage of the on-chip features should
have   fewer   compatibility  problems  and  will  enable   modem
manufacturers to concentrate on features rather than chip sets.
---------------

WOODSTOCK THE CD
      Get out your old roach clip and step into the time machine.
By now, the media orgasm over the plastic, made-for-MTV Woodstock
`94  has  passed.   Time  Warner  has  released  Woodstock:  25th
Anniversary CD-ROM.
      There's lots of stuff on this CD if you're a devotee of the
original  Woodstock.  Included are performances from  several  of
the   artists.    Noticeably  missing  is  the  Master   of   the
Stratocaster, Jimi Hendrix.  There are short video clips as  well
as several complete songs.  When listening to the complete songs,
you can also see the lyrics or get a psychedelic screen display.
     You can visit several areas; backstage, the times-sights and
sounds of the late 1960's, performances, and more.  If you select
performances,  you  can  view  information  on  several  of   the
performers including discography, a video clip of their Woodstock
appearance,  history of the performer including  where  they  are
now, and still images.  You'll see performers that weren't in the
Woodstock movie such as Mountain (I saw them years ago backing up
the original Black Sabbath).
     Time Warner has done an excellent job in integrating all the
sights  and  sounds of the original Woodstock.  If  you're  still
wearing tie-dye shirts and bell bottom pants, this is the CD  for
you.   It doesn't cost much and brings back the old days  for  us
old coots.
=================================

                          DISCLAIMER
      RAndY's  RumOR  RaG  is published on  a  monthly  basis  by
AINSWORTH  COMPUTER SERVICES and is available  on  various  local
BBS's, GEnie, and in Modem News.
     In case anyone cares, RAndY's RumOR RaG is produced on a 486-
50  with 8 megs of memory, 420 MB Connor IDE hard drive, TEAC 1.2
MB  and 1.44 MB floppies, Pro Audio Spectrum 16 running a Hitachi
3750  CD ROM drive, Trident VLB video card, Sceptre SVGA display,
Microsoft  mouse, Word for Windows and transmitted through  a  US
Robotics HST Dual Standard modem.
     Opinions expressed are those of the author.  Comments should
be  addressed to Ainsworth Computer Services on GEnie, via phone,
analog mail, or whatever method makes you feel good.

     AINSWORTH COMPUTER SERVICES
     605 W. Wishkah
     Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
     (206) 533-6647
     GEnie Address: RAG

