RAndY's RumOR RaG
October 1994

NEWS IN YER FACE
      By the time you read this, HP will have introduced a couple
of  "monochrome  killers" which will sell in the $350  range  for
color inkjet printing.  The DeskJet 540C will print at 300 dpi in
color and 600x300 for black-and-white printing.
      The OfficeJet (at $799) will let users print, copy, and fax
documents  with one machine.  They will also introduce the  Color
LaserJet  with  an anticipated street price in the  $6,300-$6,500
range.  The printer will be based on an AMD 20mhz 29030 processor
with  300 dpi resolution (Resolution Enhancement Technology gives
it a perceived resolution of 600 dpi).
      Another new printer called the LaserJet 4V, a Canon  LBP-BX
II based unit which prints on 11x17 paper at 600 dpi at speeds of
16  ppm  for letter-size paper and 9 ppm for tabloid-size  paper.
It  has  dual trays including a 250-sheet input tray and  a  100-
sheet multi-purpose tray.  The street price will be in the $2,800-
$2,900 range.
---------------
       Microsoft  is  continuing  it's  hardware  line  with  the
introduction of the Natural Keyboard.  There are three new  keys,
two of which are for accessing the Task Manager and the third  is
an  apps  key.   These keys will automatically map to  the  START
button  of  Chicago  (when and if it's  ever  released).  If  you
thought  their At Home Mouse was ugly, wait until  you  see  this
thing.  Imagine what your keyboard would look like if you left it
on  top of the stove - the Natural Keyboard is a squiggly looking
thing with the primary keys split down the middle.
---------------
      Creative  Labs is getting into the software  business  with
five edutainment titles for the holiday selling season - marketed
under the moniker of BlasterWare.  They're also getting into  the
musical keyboard market with a product called BlasterKeys.
---------------
       Hayes  president  Dennis  Hayes  recently  stressed  self-
censorship  in the BBS sector.  Hayes said that if  the  industry
doesn't police itself, the government "will go after everyone  in
the guise of protecting your children from violence and nudity."
---------------
      IBM  recently  urged employees to strongly oppose  the  two
health  care  bills  now in Congress.  It's about  time  a  major
corporation took a stand against socialism.
---------------
      New  York  City  recently  bought  some  electronic  voting
machines.  No big deal, except the machines use the long-obsolete
Z-80  processor - and cost $6,000 each!  Some wonder if the  city
will tabulate ballot results with VisiCalc.
---------------
     Earlier this year, Carl Sagan got mad at Apple when he found
out  they  had a product code-named in his honor.  Apple  changed
the  name  of the product but Sagan sued for defamation  when  he
learned that the new name BHA stood for "Butt-Head Astronomer."
---------------
      Officially  IBM  says they will only build Chicago  support
into OS/2 if users demand it, but insiders say that OS/2 will  be
able to run 32-bit Chicago apps sometime in 1995.
---------------
      Cyberspace  has a new job coming for notary  publics.   The
American  Bar  Association  is  working  on  guidelines  for  the
position  of  cybernotary.   They describe  the  position  as  an
"international computer-based transaction specialist."
---------------
      Look  for  Quarterdeck to enter the Internet business  with
products  which  make it easier for users to access  Internet  as
well as authoring tools for Word and WordPerfect.
      The  authoring  tools convert text into Hyper  Text  Markup
Language   without  awkward  coding.   (HTML  lets  viewers   see
information as the author intended regardless of the software  or
computer they're using.)
---------------
       Symantec  has  discovered  a  problem  with  their  Norton
Utilities  Speed Disk for the Mac which can result in a  loss  of
data.   They've suspended shipments of the product and  will  fix
the  problem and update the product within the next three  weeks.
The product has only been out for a month.
     That's what you get for not using a REAL computer <snicker>.
---------------
      Problems  continue  with  the PCI  bus,  but  the  original
problems  have  been corrected.  Some users are  having  problems
with  video and audio cards.  Intel claims that the problems  are
with   third-party  vendors  who  don't  fully   understand   the
technology, and that the problems are not Pentium related.
      The  PCI specification is only two years old, but it  seems
that  it  is  emerging as the de facto standard for Pentium-class
machines.
      Intel claims to have corrected problems with PCI SCSI cards
which  they blamed on incorrect BIOS settings.  They've issued  a
BIOS update to vendors who have experienced problems.
---------------

CHICAGO NEWS
      While  the industry press continues its masturbatory frenzy
over the next version of Windows, here's what's really happening.
      WHAT!!!???   Another  delay???   Now  they're  saying  that
Chicago won't ship until the second quarter of 1995 and even then
only  as  an upgrade.  "We're no longer racing for an end-of-1994
delivery"  said one Microsoft spokeswoman.  Microsoft is  telling
retailers  that  the  Beta  2  will go  out  by  about  December.
Microsoft  hasn't decided to whether to let retailers  sell  full
versions   of  Chicago  designed  to  be  installed  on   "naked"
computers.
      Security  is being beefed up.  To have access rights  to  a
shared folder or printer, you'll need not just a password, but  a
valid  user name and password.  This will eliminate the  need  to
log in multiple passwords depending upon which service a user  is
accessing.   Windows NT will continue to offer maximum  security,
though.
      Surely you've heard about the Microsoft decision to  rename
the  commercial product from Chicago to Windows95.  I think  this
is  a  mistake and will only cause more confusion with end users.
Who  wants to buy a 1995 product in 1996?  The present system  of
version  numbers is much more accurate and less confusing.   What
happens with interim releases?
      Jesse  Berst,  editor of Windows Watcher,  said  that  they
should  have called it Windows 95.5 since it won't ship until  at
least next May.
      Meanwhile,  Microsoft  is  toughening  their  certification
process  for hardware vendors to use the new "Windows-compatible"
logo.   Hardware vendors will have until the middle of next  year
to meet the requirements for Windows95, including support for its
pre-emptive      multitasking     architecture,     plug-and-play
compatibility,  support for SCSI peripherals,  and  fax  support.
Computer   manufacturers  are  not  required   to   display   the
certification logo on their systems, but meeting the requirements
will  still  be  necessary  because only  compliant  systems  can
preload Windows95.
      Microsoft  is expected to spend more than $100  million  to
promote Windows95 by the time it hits the shelves.
      Rumor  has it that Microsoft may put out DOS 7 in time  for
Christmas delivery.  They've already said that DOS 7 would  be  a
part of Windows95 for compatibility reasons, but releasing it  at
the  end  of  the year would make them look a little  better  for
delaying  Windows95.  Novell has already conceded the DOS  market
to  Microsoft  by halting development of DR-DOS.   Microsoft  has
denied  the  upgrade  rumors but Brad Chase, general  manager  of
their  personal  operating  systems group,  said  at  the  recent
Windows  World  trade show in Dallas, "There are no  plans  today
(for  an  MS-DOS upgrade), but it would be foolish to  close  the
door to any possibilities."
---------------

OS/2 NEWS
      IBM  is  close  to  signing a deal to  bundle  a  Footprint
applications  suite  with the next version  of  OS/2  which  will
include fax/communications, PIM-based scheduling, and spreadsheet
applets.  Footprint would retain development responsibility while
IBM would acquire rights to market the product.
      Also included with the next OS/2 release will be a new OS/2
version of the CompuServe Information Manager.  It's in the  Warp
Beta  2  release,  but since I don't subscribe to  CompuServe,  I
can't  try  it  out.   Some people have criticized  IBM  for  not
including  Golden ComPass instead of the CIS-developed  software.
The CIS software lets users get to know the service interactively
which is more difficult with Golden ComPass.
     Athena Design's Mesa 2 spreadsheet should be shipping by the
time  you  read  this.  The price for the first three  months  of
release  will be just $99.  Considering that it is a full  32-bit
multi-threaded application with a wealth of features, this  is  a
sweet deal.
     IBM has dedicated "tens of millions of dollars" to launching
the  next  version  of OS/2 with an additional $500  million  for
worldwide support.  Lotus and IBM are negotiating to bundle  Warp
with SmartSuite for OS/2.  I have been using the Warp Beta II and
it's definitely faster.  You still don't want to run it on a  4MB
machine  even though you can.  It uses your existing Windows  and
for once, it doesn't feel jumpy.
      OS/2 is finally pretty.  The new feature that I like is the
LaunchPad,  a  moveable  toolbar on  which  you  can  place  your
favorite applications for faster launching of programs.   One  of
the  things  that  I  don't like about object-oriented  operating
systems is that you end up with open windows and folders all over
the  place.   The  LaunchPad makes keeping a clean  desktop  much
easier.
      When  you open a folder, the folder opens visually  and  is
helpful  for  keeping track of where you are.  Windows  open  and
close  with  considerably  more  speed.   The  BonusPak  includes
slightly  crippled  faxing  software  along  with  other  add-ins
mentioned previously.
      With  Microsoft's continuing delay in releasing Windows  95
(still  doesn't  feel  right to type  that),  IBM  has  a  golden
opportunity  to  cash  in.  The key will  be  having  third-party
vendors writing native OS/2 applications in significant numbers.
      OS/2 for the PowerPC won't be completed until at least mid-
1995 and applications for it won't arrive until late 1995.  Later
this year IBM will unveil their first PowerPC computers which are
jointly  designed  by  IBM,  Apple, and  Motorola.   Until  their
operating  system  is ready, they'll run IBM's version  of  UNIX,
called  AIX  as well as Windows NT, which IBM is porting  to  the
PowerPC chip.
---------------

MORE NEWS IN YER FACE
      Corel has delayed the release of Ventura Publisher 5  until
October.   Said one Corel executive, "The worst thing  a  company
can do is not acknowledge the fact that it has problems.  As long
as you take the time to help the customer resolve the problem, he
or she will be quite satisfied."
---------------
      America Online is changing their interface.  A new  opening
screen will give you a list of 14 subsections.  Upgrade kits  for
their  access  software  will be sent to members  with  Macintosh
getting  the first upgrade.  America Online calls it a MultiMedia
User  Interface  because  it  will  give  access  to  sounds  and
photographs.  So do we call this a MUI?
---------------
      The  developers of the popular Myst game are working  on  a
sequel but say it won't be ready anytime soon.
---------------
      In  case you aren't aware, many celebrities are now on-line
through  CompuServe,  America Online, Delphi,  and  Prah-duh-gee.
Fans  can  question  them and get answers, often  in  real  time,
download GIFs, and more.  You can find everyone from Mick  Jagger
to ex-Governor Jerry Brown online.
---------------
      Incoming students at Humboldt State, Sonoma State, and  Cal
Poly  San Luis Obispo could be required to own a PC before  being
accepted  for admission.  Some educators are concerned about  the
affordability aspect, especially for low-income students.
---------------
      Industry pundits are predicting soft sales of Pentiums  for
the fourth quarter due partially to the delay of Windows95.
---------------
      There  are rumors of a Taligent-like joint venture  between
IBM  and  Lotus.  The scenario is that Lotus would develop  much-
needed apps for OS/2 and IBM would provide the bucks.  Both sides
deny it.
---------------
      dBase  for  Windows  has not exactly been  flying  off  the
shelves,  despite  the presumption of a pent-up  demand  for  the
product.   While  the  product  has  been  selling  fairly  well,
customers seem to be adopting a wait-and-see attitude.
---------------
      The  Interface Group, which produces COMDEX, has  added  to
their  contract a provision which prohibits the display of nudity
and sexually explicit materials from their shows.  November's Las
Vegas  COMDEX is already covered by the new ruling and  offenders
will get one warning before having their display closed.  This is
in response to complaints from exhibitors and show attendees.
---------------
     A couple of interesting things - AT&T, in promoting their E-
mail services, produced some bumper stickers with the slogan  "E-
Mail Saves Trees" - printed on paper bumper stickers.
      Microsoft  gave cabbies customized receipts at  the  recent
Networks Expo which displayed the Windows logo prominently  along
with the slogan "We Take You Where You Want To Go!"  Uh-huh. . .
---------------
     A recent demonstration of Personal OS/2 and Windows95 at the
Vancouver  PC Users Society saw OS/2 run flawlessly and Windows95
crash.  Hmmmmm . . .
---------------
     Intel recently donated $1 million of unsold Pentium chips to
a   Sunnyvale,  CA  charity  named  Arkenstone,  creating  a  tax
deduction from what would have been a writeoff.
---------------
     Police in Santa Ana found some marijuana plants growing at a
Hewlett-Packard factory compound.  Far out, man.
---------------

A NEW OFFICE
      Look  for a new Office bundle in the near future.  A CD-ROM
version   will   include  Bookshelf  and  the  Microsoft   Office
Assistant, a set of 54 templates for small business and also sold
separately.   A program called CapScreen is a multimedia  feature
for  recording  and  playing back all actions  performed  on  the
computer as well as online documentation and a search engine  for
the reference books.
      Microsoft is considering a mix-and-match approach with some
of the applications requiring an unlock code.
      The  Notes F/X version of Office includes import and import
filters for Excel.
---------------

QUATTRO PRO 6
      Novell  will  soon release version 6 of   Quattro  Pro  for
Windows (probably by the time you read this).
      This  new  version  is designed for  corporate  users.   It
supports  OLE  2 in-place editing and drag and drop,  has  a  new
interface, and is of course integrated with NetWare.   There  are
improved  DDE  links with Paradox as well as its  graph  library.
There is a set of pre-made graphs and backgrounds which users can
transfer  to  slides  for presentations  as  well  as  advice  on
creating effective presentations.
      The  Formula Composer "does for formula editing  what  word
processing  did  for text creation" according to product  manager
Marshall  Moseley.   The  composer   breaks  down  formulas  into
hierarchical outlines that reflect changes as they are edited.
      Novell will be selling the spreadsheet for $99 through  the
rest of the year, when the MSRP will jump to $395.
---------------

WINDOWS TUNE-UP
     There are a variety of products out there that claim to tune
up  your  Windows  installation.  Most of them are  miserable  in
terms of giving you accurate information.
      The  people at Central Point have released a product called
Speed  Tools  which contains a program called System  Consultant.
Like  others of its kind, it gives you suggestions on how to fine
tune  your  installation  of  Windows  for  maximum  performance.
Actually,  it  doesn't  do  a  bad  job  although  some  of   the
information is pretty generic.  For example, it told  me  that  I
had  a video card with 256K or more of RAM - well duh!!!  It told
me  I   was running Windows 3.10 when I'm actually using  Windows
for Workgroups 3.11.
      But  I've seen worse.  The only advice the program gave  me
was  to put a TEMP environment variable in my AUTOEXEC.BAT.  I've
had  some  of these kinds of programs tell me all kinds of  inane
things.
      Also part of the package is a disk optimizer.  Yeah, I know
we  really need another one.  But this one will let you set it up
to  continuously optimize your hard drive whenever there is  free
CPU  time.  I think that would be an annoyance.  You can also set
up  drive optimizations for regular intervals, like daily,  every
hour, every Tuesday, whatever.
      This isn't a bad package, but a knowledgeable Windows  user
could  do  the  same thing with common sense and a study  of  INI
settings.
---------------

NEXT MONTH
      Well,  if  Microsoft ever starts cranking out  those  goofy
looking keyboards, I'll have one here to play with.  And  if  IBM
stays  on track I'll be doing a review of Personal OS/2.  In  the
maybe  category  is Mad Dog McCree II and who  knows  what  else.
Looks like a lot of "ifs" to me.
                =================================

                          DISCLAIMER
      RAndY's  RumOR  RaG  is published on  a  monthly  basis  by
AINSWORTH  COMPUTER SERVICES and is available  on  various  local
BBS's, GEnie, and in Modem News.
     In case anyone cares, RAndY's RumOR RaG is produced on a 486-
50  with 8 megs of memory, 420 MB Connor IDE hard drive,  105  MB
Toshiba  IDE  hard drive, TEAC 1.2 MB and 1.44 MB  floppies,  Pro
Audio  Spectrum  16 running a Hitachi 3750 CD ROM drive,  Trident
VLB  video card, Sceptre SVGA display, Microsoft mouse, Word  for
Windows  and transmitted through a US Robotics HST Dual  Standard
modem.
     Opinions expressed are those of the author.  Comments should
be  addressed to Ainsworth Computer Services on GEnie, via phone,
analog mail, or whatever method makes you feel good.

     AINSWORTH COMPUTER SERVICES
     605 W. Wishkah
     Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
     (206) 533-6647
     GEnie Address: RAG

