RAndY's RumOR RaG
September 1992

NEWS IN YER FACE
     Microsoft has finally released their Windows 3.1/DOS 5 bundle
which includes a one-step setup procedure.  Suggested list price is
$199.95.
     And speaking of bundles, it's rumored that Microsoft is
considering adding Access (the home-grown database) to its Office
suite.  Lotus is rumored to be prepared to counter with a database
in SmartSuite (Acefile?).
     By the end of Microsoft's fiscal fourth quarter, they claim to
have shipped more than 3 million retail copies of Windows 3.1.
     I hear that Microsoft is working on a Windows 3.1 "lite" that
could run decently on 286 systems.  The reason behind this much
denied product is so that Microsoft could penetrate non-US markets
where 286-based computers are plentiful (Spain, for example).
---------------
     Word has it that Computer Associates and Micrografx are both
looking at buying out Software Publishing.
---------------
     Apple Computer Inc. will include direct access to Kodak Photo
CD systems in the next version of QuickTime.  While the Photo CD
imaging currently requires a workstation, by mid-1993 Kodak hopes
to bring the capability to the desktop using the Macintosh.
---------------
     You've no doubt read about Wang filing Chapter 11.  My only
question is why did it take so long?
     Here is a partial list of their creditors and the amounts
owed, just in case you were wondering:
     IBM Credit     $2.7M
     Microsoft      $2.1M
     Seagate        $2.1M
     Hewlett-Packard$1.9M
     Panasonic      $1M
     Intel          $992.8K
     Canon USA      $770.9K
---------------
     Hewlett-Packard is introducing a product called Dashboard for
Windows.  It's designed like a car's dashboard and gives users
precision control over the Windows desktop.
---------------
     Borland is working on getting a surprise upgrade to dBase IV
1.5 out the door this fall.  Meanwhile, don't expect to see dBase
for Windows before June 1993.
---------------
     Novell has introduced an enhanced version of NetWare Lite and
will bundle it with DR DOS.
---------------
     Demand for the Cyrix 486 chips is far exceeding demand.  Once
Cyrix's second source agreement with Texas Instruments kicks in
later this month, more product should be available.
---------------
     By the time you read this, Intel should have announced the
66MHZ 486DX2 processor.  This is the high-end speed doubler and
Intel hopes to ship 20,000 initially.  Volume shipments are not
expected until September.  A number of major hardware vendors have
lined up to support the new chip.  Running Windows, it is expected
you'll see a 30% improvement over a 486DX-50.
---------------
     Recently, the HST Dual Standard modem was shrunk to fit in a
smaller case.  Now, they've added faxing capabilities.  If you own
a Dual Standard, call US Robotics Customer Service for information
on how to upgrade.  Basically, you send your modem in and they send
you a new one - oh yeah, it costs $299 (depending upon the vintage
of your old modem).  Seems kinda pricey when I can buy a plain fax
card for less than half that.  I'll have to think about it.
---------------
     Things may heat up when Borland gets more into Windows
applications.  Borland lacks a word processor to bundle in a
package (like Office and SmartSuite), but there is speculation that
they may offer a DOS version of Quattro Pro with the Windows
version, calling it a "transition pack".  A source close to Borland
said, "that's vintage Philippe because it would tick everyone off."
---------------

MULTI-TECH FIGHTS HAYES
     You've probably seen advertisements in the magazines
concerning Hayes' Test Kit which checks to see if your modem uses
proper escape sequences (some don't).  Basically, you transfer a
test file and if it aborts, your modem has a problem with escape
sequences.
     On July 29, Hayes received an order from a Minneapolis court
in response to claims by Multi-Tech that Hayes' recent campaign and
the related Test Kit are causing Multi-Tech to lose sales.  Multi-
Tech claims that if a modem is set to recognize the TIES escape
sequence, the data file contained in the Test Kit will cause the
modem to escape into command mode, the transmission of the data
file will stop, and the computer user will think that the modem is
fatally flawed.  Hayes was surprised to learn that Multi-Tech had
abandoned the proven, reliable escape sequence technology that has
become a "Hayes" standard.
     The court refused to stop Hayes advertisements, but issued a
ten-day order stopping distribution of the Test Kit.
---------------

WORDPERFECT NEWS
     Last month I reported on the new DrawPerfect packages that are
in the works.  Now they've changed the name, and Drawperfect will
be called WordPerfect Presentations.  They're now saying that the
DOS version will be released in early 4th quarter of 1992 and the
Windows version will be released later in the 4th quarter.  One of
the features I just noticed is banner printing (might be for
networks though).  The product will support 20 popular sound cards,
contain over 100 MIDI files of music clips, and lets you record and
playback both WAV and VOC files.
     The DOS English-Canada version of WordPerfect 5.1 is now
shipping an interim release dated 3/9/92.  It corrects some minor
problems with the software and includes a new macro.
     Expect to see the debut of WordPerfect 6.0 for DOS at Fall
Comdex.  I don't know anything about features, but officials say
that a beta version may be available by then.  I wouldn't be
surprised to see them do like Microsoft did with Word and produce
a DOS word processor that looks like the Windows version.
---------------

BORLAND NEWS
     The ship date for Quattro Pro for Windows has slipped by
several more weeks.  Borland denies that the removal of the lotus
slash-key interface was to blame.  (Borland removed the Lotus-like
segments following the recent court ruling that Quattro Pro for DOS
infringed on Lotus' copyrighted menu command structures.)  Borland
insiders say that this ruling may get the product out faster since
the 1-2-3 compatibility would be removed and not require testing. 
They also claimed that the 1-2-3 compatibility layer was removed
because it was "obsolete" and "no longer needed . . . because users
are used to a graphical interface."  Another problem is pulling all
references to the 1-2-3 interface from the documentation.
     I'm glad that Borland's not bitter over this court decision. 
Said Spencer Leyton, senior vice president of business development
for Borland, "If Lotus had an operating system, my bet is they
wouldn't want anybody to support it."
     Beta testers continue to say that some features of Quattro Pro
for Windows are superior to Excel 4.0.
     By the time you read this, Paradox 4.0 (DOS) should be on the
shelves.  Support for multimedia objects, event trapping, faster
query performance, and extended PAL commands are among things to
look forward to.
---------------

VENTURA UPDATE
     I tried the Ventura for Windows 4.0.1 update.  This update is
supposed to fix some problems in the initial release and speed
loading of the program.  It now takes longer to load than before! 
First I tried loading one of the example files and it locked up the
computer.  Next I reloaded the program (after rebooting) and it
locked up before the program was loaded.  Third - DEL *.*
     Why did Ventura Publisher for Windows ship with a version of
ATM that will not work under Windows 3.1?
---------------

MS GOLF FOR WINDOWS
     I haven't played golf since about 1971 - and don't intend to
begin in the near future.  I've played golf on computers, but the
realism has been lacking.
     Microsoft's new golf game for Windows is definitely something
new.  The game features photo-realistic backgrounds in 256-color
VGA.  While they're not full of detail, the effect is excellent. 
If that's not enough, there are about two dozen WAV files
containing sounds of the club hitting the ball, the ball going in
the cup, hitting a tree, going in the water, birds, frogs, you name
it. These sound effects work best with a sound card, but most can
be played without one through a specially designed driver for your
PC speaker.
     You can play with up to eight partners and the options for
setting up your shots are plentiful.  Before playing a round, you
can practice at the driving range or on the putting and chipping
greens.  At the end of the game, you can even print out your
scorecard.
     My favorite feature is that the game allows "mulligans" (take
another shot without a penalty) and "gimmie's" (counting a putt as
in when you're close enough to make an easy shot).  Additional
courses are available from Access Software with a wide variety to
choose from.  Included in the package is an offer to purchase a
special course developed by the folks at Microsoft (only $9.95).
     Suggested price is $65, but street prices will probably be
about $45.
---------------

NEW IBM DOS?
     IBM is working on a graphical interface for DOS that gives the
same look and feel of OS/2's Workplace Shell.  This new OS/2 "Lite"
may fit on 3 disks and carries hardware requirements of a 386 with
2 MB of memory and 10-14MB of disk space.
     This new DOS will be able to run DOS and Windows applications,
but they've left out HPFS, the mini-apps that come with OS/2, and
some other extras.  IBM is also looking at a version of OS/2 that
would be completely bootable from a single disk.  Don't expect to
see any of this until sometime in 1993.
     Said one IBM official, "Our goal is to keep DOS small and
fast."  I guess they've got a sense of humor after all.
---------------

MULTIMEDIA UPGRADES
     Have you ever used a CD-ROM equipped computer?  If not, then
you're missing out on plenty.
     Many companies are offering multimedia bundles, usually
consisting of a sound card, CD-ROM drive, necessary cabling, and an
assortment of CD software.  The pricing of these bundles can be
quite reasonable.
     My recommendation is to check out the offerings of Media
Vision.  (I think their products are superior to Creative Labs.) 
They offer several different kits at a variety of prices.
     I recently installed a Pro Audio Spectrum Plus Upgrade Kit and
the procedure was relatively painless.  Once the card and drive are
installed and all the wires connected, it's a simple matter to run
the enclosed software and reboot.
     I was amazed at the speed of the CD drive.  After reading
countless articles about the slowness of CD drives, I was expecting
the worst.  However, loading a clipart image from the Corel CD
seemed to take no longer than loading from a hard drive.
     There are lots of software titles being published on CD with
more being added daily.  With CD drive prices coming down, expect
to see an explosion in this area.
     I find the caddies a nuisance but it looks like everyone uses
them.  (A caddy is a plastic box that houses the CD when you insert
it into the drive.  I'm told that the reduction in moving parts
makes the drives last longer.)
     With the exception of encyclopedias and some business and
reference materials, the price of CD software is getting quite
reasonable.  There are plenty of excellent titles available for
under $100.  Expect more of the big companies to be releasing CD
titles in the near future.  Remember, as today's programs get
larger and larger, distribution on CD doesn't seem such a bad idea
anymore.
---------------

MICROSOFT SURPRISE
     Microsoft will soon surprise everyone with the October release
of Windows for Workgroups.  This bundle of Intel 16-bit Ethernet
cards and a special version of Windows was originally scheduled for
release in 1993.
     Windows for Workgroups contains coaxial Intel EtherExpress 16
cards bundled with a special version of Windows 3.1 which has
built-in peer-to-peer functionality, electronic mail, and
scheduling applications.  A good guess for the list price is about
$500.  Expect an upgrade offer from Windows 3.0 or 3.1 in the range
of $60-$100.  Also part of the product is networked DDE capability,
so you can run DDE applications across several machines
transparently.
---------------

PRINT SHOP DELUXE
     It's been a couple of years since we saw an update to the
popular Print Shop program.
     Broderbund is back with a new DOS version which is much more
flexible in layouts.  Included are over 300 graphics covering a
wide variety of subjects.  There are 30 fonts that print out
without the jagged edges commonly associated with Print Shop.
     The Print Shop Deluxe includes full page designs and borders
and layouts to help you design whatever you're creating.  Graphics
can be converted to EPS, CGM, PCX, and TIFF for use in other
programs.
     You now need at least a 386SX to run this program along with
1 MB of memory, a hard drive, and VGA.  Upgrade from an older
version is $39.95.  You may want to wait until October when a
Windows version is released.
---------------

NEXT MONTH
     Well, I'm still waiting for Sierra On-Line to release Pinball
for Windows.  I've had it on order for months and they keep pushing
back the ship date.  Who knows . . .
     Expect some talk about CD software, in particular Microsoft
Bookshelf and other popular titles.  Other than that, we'll just
see what happens.
                =================================

                          DISCLAIMER
     RAndY's RumOR RaG is published on a monthly basis by AINSWORTH
COMPUTER SERVICES and is available on various local BBS's, GEnie,
and America Online as well as in Modem News.
     In case anyone cares, RAndY's RumOR RaG is produced on a DTK
386-33 with 16 megs of memory, Cyrix Fasmath co-processor, ATI VGA
Wonder+ card (1 MB), 105 MB Toshiba IDE hard drive, Teac 1.2 MB and
1.44 MB floppies, Hitachi 3750 CD ROM drive, Sceptre SVGA display,
Microsoft mouse, WordPerfect for Windows and transmitted through a
US Robotics HST Dual Standard modem.
     Opinions expressed are those of the author.  Comments should
be addressed to Ainsworth Computer Services on GEnie, America
Online, phone, analog mail, or whatever method makes you feel good.

     AINSWORTH COMPUTER SERVICES
     605 W. Wishkah
     Aberdeen, WA  98520-6031
     (206) 533-6647
     GEnie Address: RAG
     America Online: RumOR RaG