Archive-name: 3plus/observed.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Observed, The


                        (A males fantasy)

I am not the model type.  I have an above average mentality but
my body has suffered the effects of sitting behind my desk for
long hours and not getting the proper exercise.  I have many
interests and am knowledgeable about many different things so I
can hold my own in many types of situations.  I am very confident
in my handling of people and in my own sexuality.  I am married
to a beautiful woman named Sunnie and we have a very open sexual
relationship that is very closed when it comes to our love and
devotion for each other.  Knowing this little bit of background
might possibly help you understand my total shock when I received
a phone call at my office one day.  This woman had told my
secretary her name was Linda (pronounced with the i sounding like
a long e which is the Spanish word for beautiful) and that the
call was personal.  I couldn't resist the temptation so I said I
would accept the call.  This incredibly sexy, young voice came on
the line and started talking about me.  She said she knew who I
was and that she found me very exciting and wanted to get to know
me better.  She said she had been watching me lately and knew
everything about me.  I asked her what she meant by "everything"
and she said she had seen my wife and knew that we were swingers
and that my wife was bi.  Since my wife and I do not make this
information public knowledge I was more then a little surprised. 
I asked her how she knew this and she said she would tell me more
later.  I asked Linda why she called and she said she wanted to
get to know me and my wife better.  She also said she would talk
to me in person sometime in the next week without me knowing who
she was.  She then said she had to go and before I could say
anything else she hung up.

I had told Sunnie about the call and she thought it sounded
really interesting.  She told me to play it out as long as I
wanted to and felt comfortable with the situation.  I was going
up the wall trying to figure out where a girl would possibly get
to know this much about me and my not have the foggiest idea who
she was.  Needless to say I started having some sleepless nights
and found myself daydreaming about my Mystery Lady Linda.  I
would find myself studying anybody I came in contact with to see
if perhaps this was her.  I saw nothing.  

She had called me on Wednesday.  By the next Tuesday night I
figured it was just some kind of hoax.  Around 7:00 that night I
was sitting at home watching the TV and got another call.  This
time my Mystery Lady asked me if I had enjoyed the brief
conversation I had with her.  This was really a shock to me
because I had been very careful all week to notice anyone and I
had not had a conversation with a single female at all.  I told
her that was impossible and she just gave me a short little laugh
and asked if I had enjoyed the prime rib I had Saturday night.  I
started thinking back and remembered taking my wife out to eat
Saturday night and that I did, indeed, have prime rib.  I asked
if she had been the waitress and Linda said she hadn't been.  I
kept going through the whole night in my mind trying to remember
talking to any female other then the waitress and my wife and I
came up empty.  I finally said, "OK, that's enough.  You have to
tell me when you talked to me."  She then told me that I had a
very soft heart.  I asked her what she meant and she asked if I
remembered the little girl I talked to while I was paying the
bill.  I thought back and vaguely remembered a young girl of
about 13 or 14 coming up to me while my wife was in the restroom
and asking if I had a quarter because she really needed to call
her parents and had run out of change.  I remembered her blonde
hair had been tied up in a pony tail and she had been very
polite.  I remember thinking how well mannered the petite little
girl was but that was about all I could remember.  

By this time I was going absolutely crazy.  I asked Linda if that
was her and she said it was.  I had to ask the obvious question
of just how old she was.  She told me she was 21 but she had
always looked very young for her age.  She said she always had
fun wrapping her tits up tight, not putting on any make-up and
dressing like a little girl.  She said very few people ever
really guessed she was older because she was petite.

I really started straining trying to remember what that little
girl looked like.  I remember she seemed very wholesome and
sweet.  She looked young and very naive.  I just couldn't
remember exactly what her features were like.  

I finally asked, "Am I going to see you again?"   She said, "Do
you really want to see more of me?"  I answered very quickly, "I
want to see all of you!" "Well, within the next week you will see
more of me!  I promise!" She replied.  "What do you mean by
that?" I inquired.  She paused for a minute and said, "Bye
darlin!" and hung up.

Oh, was I ever going bananas!  I was having trouble at work
because I kept drifting off into my daydream trying to conjure up
the face of that sweet little girl in the restaurant.  Trying to
visualize her body which I really hadn't looked at because of her
apparent age.  I found myself lost in fantasies about what I
could do with a body like that which kept giving me hard ons. 
Since I don't wear underwear I found myself in embarrassing
situations more then once.  Being so turned on all the time
caused me to go home and totally ravish my wife.  Sunnie didn't
mind this at all so she was always encouraging me to follow it
through, besides, she was getting excited about the possibilities
also.  

I had to work a little late on Friday.  As I came out of the
office I glanced up and saw a small foreign sports car parked
against the curb heading in the wrong direction.  Suddenly, this
beautiful figure of a woman in a short miniskirt wearing a hat
and large sunglasses walked up and opened the car door.  I
watched as she slowly sat way down in the seat causing her dress
to hike up higher and higher on her thighs.  She was a short girl
but because of the curb next to the car her knees were well above
her hips as she sat down.  I stood there mesmerized as she looked
up at me.  She smiled and opened up her knees so I could see
between her legs.  I was about twenty or thirty feet away but it
was a bright day and because of the sunlight reflecting off of
the sidewalk I could see her crotch clearly.  She didn't have on
anything underneath and I could tell she was a natural blonde. 
She sat there for a good thirty seconds smiling at me.  I finally
got a hold of my senses and started toward her.  She quickly
swung her legs into the car, shut the door and drove off.  I
hadn't been able to see her face clearly or her hair but that
body and that pussy were incredible.  

I knew I was hopelessly hooked on this Mystery Lady.  I had to
taste that pussy and feel my dick slide into it.  I had visions
of my dick softly rubbing that clit.  I had to have her under my
control somehow.  I tried to figure what I would say the next
time she called me.

Monday afternoon the call finally came.  The secretary told me I
had a personal call from someone named Linda.  I slowly got up
from my desk and went to shut my door.  I took my time while I
tried to get my emotions under control.  It really didn't work
because by the time I got back to the phone I had a raging hard
on that already felt like it was going to burst.  I picked up the
phone and said, "Hello?"  This incredibly sexy voice came on and
said, "Did you enjoy seeing more of me?"  "Hell yes!" I replied
"but you are driving me crazy with this bits and pieces of you! I
want to taste the whole of you all at once!"  By now I was almost
screaming with the frustration I was feeling!  "I am having
trouble concentrating at work, I alternate between nightmares and
wet dreams when I try to sleep!  Don't you think I want to follow
through with this and see it to the end?"  There was silence for
moment and she said, ever so softly, "Let me see what I can do to
help your situation."  "How can you help?" I asked.  "You'll
see," she said and hung up.

By Saturday I figured she must have given up this little game.  I
hadn't heard or seen anything this whole week.  I had fallen a
little behind in my work because of my distractions so I decided
to go into the office Saturday afternoon to see if I couldn't get
myself straightened out.  I worked for a couple of hours and
finally managed to wade through the various messes I had made and
got to a point where I felt comfortable everything would be taken
care of properly.  I locked up the office and walked to the
elevator admonishing myself for letting some prank get me so far
behind in what I needed to be doing.  The elevator door opened
and there was a couple inside leaning against the far right hand
corner.  He had his back against the corner and she was locked in
a tight lip-lock with him standing with her back to me.  I
coughed politely and turned my back to them as I punched the 1st
floor button.  Suddenly I felt a soft hand on my butt and she
said, "If you turn around you will never see me again."  I
recognized her voice immediately and knew I wouldn't do anything
to stop this from happening.  

She rubbed my ass for a few seconds then reached around me and
pushed the stop button.  I was afraid at first because I didn't
know if that would set off an alarm or not.  It didn't but it did
stop the elevator.  She obviously had this all planned out.  She
reached between my legs and started stroking my cock through my
pants.  I was hard in no time.  She took her left hand and
reached around me and started stroking my cock with her left hand
and my ass with her right hand.  I had to fight to keep from
turning and looking at her but I knew I couldn't chance fucking
this up.  She paused for a moment as I felt her throw her long
blond hair forward.  She slowed eased around in front of me.  I
looked down and could not see her face.  She kept her head down
the whole time.  She reached up with her left hand and undid the
hook on my pants while she kept her right hand stroking my dick. 
She paused for a second while she reached up and unzipped my fly. 
She let my pants fall to the floor as she gingerly cupped her
left hand under my balls and wrapped her right hand around my
dick.  I looked down and could only see her beautiful hair draped
around her face and my dick as she slowly licked and teased my
dick with her tongue.  

I looked around and saw the other guy leaning against the
opposite corner of the elevator, arms and legs crossed with a
grin on his face.  My attention was pulled back to my dick as
Linda took my dick slowly into her mouth constantly running her
tongue around it as long as she could.  Her tongue felt likes
fingers of fire on my dick as flicked it back and forth over it
all the while maintaining a suction and pressure with her lips as
her mouth moved up and down my shaft.  I threw my head back as
all of these sensations were flooding my entire being at the same
time.  She started getting more serious about getting me off and
she increased the pressure of her lips and the rhythm of her
strokes.  I could feel the cum start to build pressure in my
balls as she increased the tempo and the pressure.  My hips
started their own involuntary pumping action as the pressures
built within me.  Linda grabbed the base of my dick with her hand
and started stroking my whole dick with both her hand and her
mouth.  Her left hand continue to stroke the underside of my
balls.  I could feel the cum starting to move up from my balls. 
I threw my head back feeling the ecstacy growing inside me.  I
couldn't control my breathing anymore as I started gasping with
the pure pleasure I was feeling.  Linda started moving her head
even faster in rhythm with my movements as the cum weld up
uncontrollably and I abandoned myself to the overwhelming orgasm
that racked my body with spasm after spasm.  She sucked in every
last drop of cum as my body went through the final periodic
spasms caused by the light touch of her mouth and tongue on my
now sensitive dick.

I felt my legs start to buckle as the fierceness of my orgasm
subsided.  She pulled her hair around to one side and placed it
between her head and my dick as she gently laid her head against
me.  I felt her hands reach up and grab her hair and gently cup
my balls wrapping her hair around both my dick and balls
massaging them ever so softly.  

Linda slowly backed up lowering her head and bringing her hair
around so it would cover both sides of her face.  I said, "You
can't leave me like this without me even getting a good look at
you."  She whispered softly, "I don't want you to see me now. 
You will get your chance provided you don't ruin it.  We will get
off on the second floor.  You must not look around but rather
keep your face hidden until the elevator doors have closed.  I
will be getting in touch with you later."  I said, "Alright, but
you are going to owe me for this."  Linda sighed seductively and
said, "If you say so."  She reached around me and pressed the
elevator button to get us started.  When we came to the second
floor I heard her and her friend leaving.  Just before the door
closed she whispered back to me, "You can pull your pants up
now!"  

It's been over a week since out little escapade in the elevator
and I still haven't heard from my little mystery lady.  I had
really been put through a lot and realized how much I had been
manipulated to satisfy her every whim.  I knew I was excited by
the whole scene but I also knew I had to get control over this
situation, if there really was a situation to get control over. 
I still didn't know for sure how serious this little lady was
about this and as time kept passing my normal insecurities
started taking affect.  I was a bit perturbed at myself for
getting so worked up over this situation and allowing this
presumptuous (but very sexy) lady control me in such a complete
way.  I was determined that if I ever had my chance I would turn
the tables.

I finally got a call on Wednesday, a week and a half after our
last contact.  I was at the office when the secretary buzzed me
and told me I had a personal call from Linda.  I sat in my chair
for a full minute deciding how to handle this before I picked up
the receiver.  I spoke slowly and said, "Well hello.  I was
beginning to think I wasn't going to hear from you again."  Linda
said in her soft seductive voice, "Oh, I think you know I am into
this as much as you are."  "That could be," I said, "but all of
this has been at my expense.  I really think you owe me now and I
think its time for me to collect."  She was silent for what
seemed like forever.  I really didn't want to run her off but I
wanted to see if maybe this little fantasy could go all the way. 
I kept quite waiting for her response.  Finally I heard her
subdued voice answer  me.  "I'll do whatever you want," she said. 
"I will expect you to do whatever I ask you to do with no
questions asked.  Is that understood?" I told her.  "You will
start by calling me sir."  She just said, "Yes sir."  I told her
to call me back on Thursday and I would tell her what she would
have to do.  

After I hung up, my mind started working very quickly.  I
realized that this was an opportunity of a lifetime and I planned
to make the very best of it.  I am also one of those very few
lucky men whose wife has totally submitted herself to my wishes. 
This is not to say she is an absolute slave because the only
reason she will do what I want is her absolute trust in the fact
that I would never put her down or put her in any dangerous or
possibly painful situation.  She knows the deep respect I have
for her and she knows the depth of our relationship.  She just
loves being able to let go and follow my every whim enjoying the
surprises and being taken up in the total sexual ecstasies that
come from completely letting go.  Needless to say my fantasies at
having these two beautiful women under my control was driving me
bananas.  While I was sitting at my desk thinking about this I
got an incredible hard on.  I mean this was a real throbber.  All
of a sudden there was a knock on my door.  Naturally in walked
the cutest of our secretaries.  Now I absolutely do not mix my
private life with my business life.  I didn't want my secretary
to see the predicament I was in so I slid my chair a little
farther under my desk.  Of course this time she must walk around
to my side of the desk because she has this large brochure layout
that needed some technical help and the front of my desk was too
crowded.  I got up trying to cover myself but I had taken a bit
too long to start and she was standing beside me watching me as I
got up.  I glanced at her and saw her looking at my crotch with
my hard on standing at attention.  I quickly bent over the
brochure doing my best to hide my problem.  Gradually, as we
talked I could tell I was finally losing some of my stiffness,
but not all.  We finished up and she reached in front of me to
gather up her papers.  I felt her elbow rub against my still
partially hard dick as I stood up straight.  She glanced at me
and flashed a quick, knowing smile.  As she was leaving the
office she turned and said, "I'll give you a little time to work
on your problem."  She then flashed me that knowing smile again. 
Boy, was my little Mystery Lady going to pay for this!

That night my mind was in overdrive as I tried to plan out how
this weekend was going to go.  Our kids were going to be gone to
their step fathers house so I wouldn't have any problems there.  
My biggest problem was going to be to convince Sunnie that we
should just spend Saturday night at home.  I decided to take the
frontal approach and tell Sunnie that I had been feeling a little
neglected lately and I wanted to do some wild and crazy things to
her body Saturday night.  This wanton look came over her face and
she said, "Yes sir, I think I can handle that!"

Everything was planned.  All I needed now was the complete
cooperation of my Mystery Lady.  I was still not sure if Linda
was totally in my control but I figured I would go for all or
nothing.  The prospects were just too fantastic.  I was going to
play this to the hilt.

The next day at work I got another call from Linda.  I slowly
picked up the receiver, took a long, deep breath and said,
"Hello?"  This now familiar voice that always sent chills up my
spine answered, "What is it you want me to do?"  I paused a few
minutes collecting my thoughts.  "Do you know where I live?" I
asked her.  "Yes, I followed you home a couple of times," she
admitted.  I gulped at this revelation but kept my cool.  "I want
you to be in my driveway at exactly 7:00PM Friday night.  Do you
have a long coat?" I asked.  "Yes," she said.  "I want you to
wear a sexy bra that lets your nipples show through, crotchless
panties, thigh-top hose and high heels.  Oh, and Linda,"  "Yes,"
she replied.  "Don't wear anything else!"  "Yes sir!" she said
softly. 

I spent most of the day Friday trying to figure out how to make
everything work just right.  Timing was the biggest problem if I
was going to keep this a total surprise for Sunnie.  I had been
trying for some time to think of a way to catch her off guard in
a sensuous situation.  This seemed to fit the bill perfectly.

By Saturday I pretty well had everything worked out in my head. 
It would be tough but I figured if I kept my eye on the clock I
could make things happen the way I wanted.  I told Sunnie I
wanted to go into town and get the right food for the perfect
night.  I picked up steaks for two, fresh shrimp, potatoes, and
salad fixings.  Since the kids weren't home I would have to allow
the time for the normal playing around that I knew would happen. 
I got home about 3:00 so I had four hours to make things happen
right.  I unloaded the groceries doing my best not to let my
excitement show.  Sunnie was walking around the kitchen, giving
me a hand, wearing nothing but a T-Shirt.  Every time she bent
over to put something away she would expose her ass and
sometimes, if she bent low enough I could see her cunt.  I
stopped to think about how lucky I was to have this sexy gal as
my wife.  How lucky I was that she was as much or more into this
lifestyle as I was.  How lucky I was to even be able to put this
night together.  

I walked over, as Sunnie bent down to put some pots away, and ran
my hand between her legs.  She let out a soft moan and rotated
her pussy on my hand.  "Oh, that feels Sooo good!" she said.  "I
really hope you can handle me tonight.  I am really horney." 
"Don't worry, honey, I think you will get more then your share of
sex if I have anything to say about it," I replied.

"Sunnie, I really think you need to give me a nice bubble bath. 
It's been awhile since you have done that and I think the two of
us could get in an especially good frame of mind if we were to
soak in some warm bubbles," I told her.  "You need to do
everything I ask of you tonight and I will promise you a night of
nights to remember."  She looked at me with a sly grin and said,
"Yes sir."

She went in to the bathroom and started the bubble bath while I
finished putting up the groceries.  I hollered, "Don't take off
your T-Shirt yet, I want to do that in my own way."  "OK," she
responded.  

I gave her a few minutes to get the water right and to start the
tub filling up.  I walked into the bathroom and took her hand and
pulled her into the bedroom.  "I seem to have entirely too many
clothes on," I said.  She looked down at me and said, "I think
you are absolutely right."  She started unbuttoning my shirt
gently kissing my chest as she did so.  When she pulled my shirt
off my arms she stuck her tits in my chest and started nibbling
on my neck.  She finally got my shirt off and knelt down in front
of me so she could undo my belt and pants with her lips close to
my dick.  She already had me turned on and as she pulled my pants
down my dick sprang free.  "Oh! What have we here?" she teased as
she slid her moist mouth over the head of my dick.  I could only
moan as I felt her warmth taking over my whole body.  She reached
down and pulled my pants completely off while she continued
sucking my now engorged member.  "I think we had better get into
the tub before it overflows," I said trying to hold off the
orgasm she could pull out of me so quickly when she wanted to.

I bent down and pulled her up from her knees and led her into the
bathroom where the bath was filled just right and the water was
perfect.  I climbed in and told her to wash me good before she
got in.  She got the soap and started to rub my chest as I put my
wet hands on her tits through the T-Shirt.  I kept wetting my
hands as the T-Shirt slowly turned transparent.  Soon it was
sticking to her chest as her nipples came to attention trying to
poke through the wet material.  I sat back and watched for a
moment as she washed my whole body from top to bottom caressing
every inch -- kneading every pore.  I watched as her tits swayed
back and forth to the rhythm of her strokes.  I could smell the
soft fragrance of the bubble bath and felt the warmth of the
water soaking into my whole body.  I looked down and saw my dick
sticking up through the bubbles like the mast of some ship sunken
in shallow water.

I looked up at Sunnie and said, "Ok, it's your turn now.  Take
off the T-Shirt and join me."  I watched as she slowly, teasingly
pulled her T-Shirt over her head letting her tits fall free.  She
stepped over me in the tub and lowered her cunt on top of my
dick.  She held her own weight for a moment as she teased the tip
of my cock with her clit.  She threw her head back as she lowered
her cunt the rest of the way engulfing my dick.  I almost came
right then as her tight pussy pulled my dick into it.  She rolled
her hips round and round as she clamped her vaginal muscles
around my dick.  I reached forward and put my finger on her clit
as she moved applying just the right pressure I knew would set
her off.  She started rotating her hips faster as my dick stirred
the insides of her womb.  My fingers were working on her clit as
she started moaning louder and louder.  I could feel her whole
body coming to a climax as she starting riding my dick up and
down while I played with her clit.  She finally screamed in a
totally uncontrolled orgasm as her cunt clamped down on my dick
and her body was racked with spasms.  I held back because I knew
there was much more to come and I didn't want to cum just yet.

She finally collapsed from her intense orgasm and managed to
crawl off of me.  I climbed out and said, "Now you get in and lay
back like a good girl."  She slowly crawled into the tub and laid
back.  I started massaging her toes and feet working my way up
her legs.  I wrapped my hands around her calves and thighs gently
kneading them.  I got up to her hips and reached my hands
underneath her ass gently lifting her up and massaging her
cheeks.  I pushed my hands farther up to the small of her back
massaging in soft circular motions ever higher and higher. 
Fluffs of bubbles hung on to her tits as her nude body rose and
fell in time with her breathing.  I took each arm in turn
wrapping my hands around the muscles and rolling them tenderly. 
I reached up around her neck and massaged the back of her neck
and just below her ears.  She was so relaxed she could hardly sit
up.  "Don't go to sleep on me," I said.  "There is much more to
come!"

I got up then, dried off and left her to relax for awhile.  I
glanced at the clock and realized it was going on 4:00.  I went
into the kitchen and starting putting seasonings and sauce on the
steaks.  Since the back of our house is private I didn't have to
put on any clothes to cook outside.  I walked out in the
beautiful sunshine totally nude and relished in the sun.  I fixed
up the fire trying to keep an eye on the time so I wouldn't blow
the whole evening.  I had to stop and laugh at myself for a
second because I was standing outside, totally nude with this
raging hard on, trying to keep my thoughts together long enough
to cook the steaks!  

Sunnie came out then with her towel in hand rubbing it beside her
head.  She kind of giggled, looked down at my dick and said, "You
look like you have a definite problem there!"  I looked down and
said, "Well, there is still plenty of time for that to be taken
care of."  She knelt down in front of me putting her towel on the
concrete and started lightly tonguing the head of my dick.  She
slowly eased her mouth over it and started pushing it from side
to side winding her tongue around it in the way only she knows.
She started taking my dick in and out of her mouth slowly at
first then faster and faster.  My back arched involuntarily as I
threw my head back feeling the flood of sensations flowing
through my body.  I wanted to take it easy -- make it last.  I
forced myself to feel the warmth of the sun on my face, the light
fresh breeze caressing my whole body.  The beginning of my orgasm
could no longer be denied, though, as it ripped through my
thoughts and my body.  The pressure in my balls welled up and
exploded through my dick as my body was racked in spasm after
spasm.  I looked down and saw my cum oozing out of Sunnie's mouth
as she looked up at me and grinned.  "So much for the appetizer!" 
She said while licking her lips.

I heard the steaks sizzling and looked over to see the fire had
flamed up.  I rushed over and threw the lid down on the grill to
smother it.  "Now see what you've done?" I said smiling over at
Sunnie who was laughing at me.  "Just wait.  Your turn is coming
I guarantee it!" I said pointing a finger at her.

Our nude candlelight dinner was very refreshing and relaxing. 
The candlelight flickered across Sunnie emphasizing different
parts of her body as she moved.  The conversation was light and
full of sexual innuendos.  It didn't take too long to finish the
meal and put the dishes up -- a task made much more pleasant with
the constant caressing and feeling of each others bodies.  

I glanced up at the clock and saw that it was getting close to
7:00.  I knew I had to hurry this up a little if everything was
going to work out the way it was suppose to.  "I really think we
ought to take a quick shower before we get down to the good
part!" I told Sunnie as I held her stroking her pussy.  "UMMM,
sounds good," she said as she grabbed my hard dick and led me
into the bathroom.  "Let mommy wash you down real good!"  She
adjusted the water temperature and pulled me into the shower with
her.  She turned with her back to the shower and soaped down the
front of her body while I reached down and gently rubbed her
clit.  She grabbed both my hands and pushed them around behind me
while she brought the whole front side of her body up to mine. 
She started flexing her knees up and down while rubbing her tits
against my chest.   She kept this up while washing me lower and
lower until her tits were wrapping themselves around my dick. 
She brought her hands around grabbing both tits and pushed up and
down stroking my dick.  "Not right now," I said, pulling her up
off her knees.  "I want to save that for later!"  "Yes sir." she
said with a disappointed pout on her face.  I sat down in the
shower and said, "I want to watch you clean your pussy."  She
immediately reached down and started rubbing her pussy easing her
fingers in to her opening and massaging her clit at the same
time.  She kept this up for a minute as her breathing started
getting more and more rapid.  At last her body went into a spasm
as she came.  I reached up and cupped her mound with my hand very
gently and said, "That's a good girl."  She just sighed.  

I rubbed her all over with the towel and led her into the 
bedroom.  "I want to explore this beautiful, clean body with no
interference from you.  Lie down and let me tie you up," I said
as I got the soft ropes out of the closet.  She lay down, spread
eagle on the bed, and let me tie her up.  "OK, I don't want you
to see everything I am going to do.  I want some things to be a
surprise so I am going to blindfold you," I said.  I got the
large bandanna we had for this out of the closet and tied it
around her head making sure she could not see anything.  I got on
the foot of the bed and started lightly licking and teasing her
toes.  I took each one into my mouth licking them and flicking my
tongue around them -- caressing them.  I kneaded her foot with my
hand using my thumbs to press her arches in and massage them
softly.  I glanced up at the clock and saw that it was 6:59 and
wondered if my Mystery Lady was there yet or not.  I decided I
would have a little more fun and give her a few minutes to wait
in the car.  I moved my kisses up her calves kneading them.  I
felt the tension subside and her muscles relax as I continued my
ministrations to her.  I glanced up at the clock again and it was
7:05.  It was now or never.  This could end up being a night for
Sunnie and I to remember the rest of our lives.  
I suddenly stopped playing with Sunnie and said, "I think you
need a few minutes to relax.  You just imagine what I am going to
do to you and I will be back shortly."  She just whimpered and
said, "Yes sir!"

I went into the living room and peaked out the front window. 
There was a car there!  I slipped my robe on and walked out the
front door and approached the car.  My heart was pounding as I
anticipated seeing this woman who had been driving up the wall
for so long now.  I opened the drivers side of the car and
watched as the trench coat opened up and those gorgeous legs
swung out exposing her crotchless panties.  I reached for her
hand and she took it, letting me pull her up and out of the car. 
"Welcome, Linda, it is your turn now," I said as I put my hands
into her coat sliding them around her backside and grabbing her
ass.  I pulled her crotch into mine as I opened my robe and stuck
my hard dick between her legs.  "Yes sir!" she said.  

I covered myself as best I could under the circumstances and led
her quietly back into the house.  I closed and locked the door
and turned to finally see in full light my Mystery Lady.  God!
Was she ever gorgeous!.  "Take off your coat, I want to see if
all of this aggravation was worth it," I said.  She ever so
slowly dropped the coat from her shoulders and let it slide to
the floor.  She stood with her head down and her weight shifted
to one foot.  "Look at me!" I said.  She raised her head slowly
looking into my eyes with the bluest, most penetrating eyes I
have ever seen.  I felt my knees weaken as I let my eyes take in
every curve of her body.  Her tits stuck through her bra looking
like Hershey Kisses standing there at attention, begging for
attention.  Her waist curved in beautifully.  She was not a body
builder and her muscles didn't show through but her waist was
slender with no excess fat.  Her hips were petite and I saw
strands of her pubic her catching the faint light as she swayed
lightly under my gaze.  I walked up to her and put my hand on her
pussy sliding my finger inside her moist warmth and gently
stroked her.  I reached around with my other hand and grabbed her
ass putting my lips on her neck kissing her and lightly flicking
her skin with my tongue.  She swayed slightly again and let out a
soft moan as her hips involuntarily started swaying in time with
my strokes on her pussy.  I could feel her juices flowing as I
inserted my finger into her tight tunnel.  She reached down and
started caressing my balls massaging them gently starting deep
down toward my ass and going all the way up to grab my dick.  She
shifted slightly and started stroking the full length of my dick. 
I felt my knees growing weak and knew it was time to proceed with
the rest of my plan!

I pushed her away from our intimate embrace and turned her toward
the bedroom showing her the way by pushing her with my hand on
her ass.  As we entered the bedroom I heard my Mystery Lady let
out a small gasp as she gazed at my wife's nude body tied up on
the bed.  Sunnie must have heard this because she said, "Is that
you?" "Of course!  Who else would it be?  You really look sexy
like that with those gorgeous tits up in the air just begging to
be played with!" I said.  I motioned for Linda to start playing
with her tits.  She smiled and winked at me as she bent down and
grasped both tits in her hands.  I watched as she massaged them
expertly.  I slipped behind Linda and started playing with her
ass reaching between her legs and feeling her pussy through the
crotchless panties.  Linda bent down and started licking and
teasing Sunnie's tits causing Sunnie to start moaning.  "You feel
different," Sunnie said between moans arching her back up to meet
Linda's exploring tongue.  I didn't respond for fear of giving
things away.  I reached up and started slowly pulling Linda's
panties down to her ankles as she stepped out of them.  I reached
for the back of her bra strap and undid it tossing it aside. 
"What was that?"  Sunnie asked as she started slightly.  I pulled
Linda back up and put my head next to hers and said, "It was
nothing hon."  I backed Linda up slightly, then put my head down
to Sunnie's fully erect nipples and started tonguing them softly. 
I reached down to her cunt and started massaging it with one
hand.  Linda came up behind me sticking her hand through my legs
stroking my balls and ass.  

I didn't want to cum just yet so I stood back up and collected my
thoughts.  "What's wrong hon?" Sunnie asked.  "Nothing," I
replied, "I just want to figure out how to torture you better and
tease you till you go crazy."  "OHHH! That sounds good!" she
said.  

I figured it was about time to let Sunnie in on this little game
so I motioned for Linda to stand up over Sunnie's face.  "Do you
know where I am now, hon?" I asked leaning as far over her as I
could so she couldn't tell it was Linda over her.  "Sure," she
replied, "You are standing over me and I think I will be getting
a nice taste of your cock in a second or so."  I had Linda kneel
down with her cunt right over Sunnie's mouth but not touching it. 
"You smell different," Sunnie said.  "What's going on here?" She
asked.  I reached behind her head and undid her blindfold.  She
let out a small scream as she looked straight into Linda's pussy. 
"Who is this?" she gasped.  "I'm so embarrassed!" she cried in
the same breath.  "What are you doing?" she asked.  She looked
over at me puzzled.  "How does that look to you?" I asked.  She
looked back up into Linda's pussy and said "Very good as a matter
of fact."  "See if you can make her cum," I said.  She glanced
back at me with a wicked smile and said "Yes sir!  But at least
please tell me who she is."  I smiled back at her and said, "This
is my Myster Lady!"  She grinned real big and said, "All right!" 
I knelt down next to the bed to get the best vantage point and
watched as Linda slowly lowered her pussy onto Sunnie's waiting
tongue.  I watched as Sunnie's tongue darted and teased Linda's
clit making Linda sway back and forth.  Sunnie sucked in part of
Linda's pussy lips and I could tell her tongue probed inside
searching for her clit.  Linda jumped when Sunnie's tongue found
it's mark.  Linda started bucking up and down as Sunnie kept
applying the right pressure to her clit gently teasing her ever
closer to her orgasm.  I watched as my Mystery Lady bucked faster
and faster finally letting out a scream as her back arched and
her body was racked with the first of many series of spasms. 
Finally she stopped and sat still for a moment, her pussy still
on Sunnie's mouth with her head thrown back.  She jerked suddenly
as another spasm hit her and she lay down backwards on top of
Sunnie, catching her breath.  

"That was nice!" Sunnie said as she licked her mouth dry of
Linda's juices.  I stood up and bent over Sunnie and kissed her
deeply, tasting of Linda's juices.  Linda's legs were still
straddling Sunnie as she lay back.  I shifted my body over
putting my tongue on her pussy and started lightly teasing all
around her cunt but not actually touching it.  I put one hand on
Sunnie's tit and the other on Linda's as I closed the circles I
was forming around Linda's cunt to lightly touch her pussy lips. 
I looked up for a second at each girl and reveled in the sight of
these two lovely nude bodies with my hands playing across their
tits.  I thought I would cum right there!  I bent down and
inserted my tongue gently into Linda's cunt again and very
lightly flicked my tongue on it once.  Linda jumped slightly then
started moaning again.  I knew she was ready for more.

I stood back up and told Linda to help me untie Sunnie.  When she
was free I told Linda it was her turn to reciprocate Sunnie's
favor.  She looked at me and said, "Yes sir!"  She lay down on
the bed as Sunnie kneeled over her putting her pussy on Linda's
mouth.  Linda started licking her pussy as I went down on Linda's
cunt teasing it back into a moist willingness.  I scooted up and
ran my dick up and down the outside of her cunt as she licked my
wife's pussy making her moan louder and louder.  When Linda's
cunt was wet from top to bottom I scooted forward burying my dick
into her and grabbing my wife's tits from behind stroking them. 
Linda kept up her tongue magic on Sunnie as I fucked her and held
on to Sunnie's tits kneading them as the nipples got larger and
larger.  Sunnie was the first one to come as her screams of
pleasure echoed through the house.  Her throws of passion and the
feeling of her ecstacy as her whole body stiffened up in a full
orgasm sent me into a flurry of strokes harder and faster into
Linda's grasping cunt as I felt my cum boiling up in my balls and
flying deep into her pussy.  My deep spasms caused me jam my dick
deep into Linda's cunt which threw her into her own body wracking
orgasm.  Sunnie and I held on to each other as her spasm nearly
threw us off the bed.  I kept my still hard dick deep in her
pussy as her spasms subsided.  

This night was filled with many different types of sexual
explorations and fantasies fulfilled.  Both women were totally in
my control and obeyed my every wish.  

I will leave the rest for your imagination - or another story. 
Please let me know if you enjoyed this little tidbit.  I need to
hear from you.  Thanks.

--
