                         ODD TRIO

                            by

                        Mickey Bee


                         Part Two

     Two nights later, Andrea introduced me to Ginny. She was, as 
Andrea described, absolutely ravishing. We had a long, casual, 
stressless dinner and really hit it off. Through the dimsum and 
the egg drop soup and entree, I enjoyed catching Andrea's eye. 
She would lift an eyebrow, questioningly, nodding her head oh so 
subtly to Ginny. I nodded. She'll do.

     But things didn't quite work out as I had fantasized. Ginny 
much preferred Andrea to me. Opening our second bottle of 
Champagne, we all retired to Andrea's bedroom, Ginny and Andrea 
holding each other's hand, me following behind with the bottle 
and glasses like an annoyed waiter. 

     Out of nothing more than Christian charity, I'm sure, they 
allowed me to watch them make love. Ginny, naked, laid on top,  
while Andrea, wearing her customary delicate lace garterbelt and 
ultrasheer stockings, had her legs wrapped around Ginny's legs 
and her arms wrapped around the redhead's back. And they kissed. 
Deeply. Tenderly. Passionately. Breast to beautiful breast, belly 
to belly, pussy to pussy, they made love slowly and exquisitely, 
unhurried by their rising passions, unmindful of my presence. 
Like a graceful cobra, Ginny's body undulated against Andrea's as 
they kissed, her rigid red nipples flicking across Andrea's, her 
thick, flaming red pubic carpet grinding in slow, deliberate 
circles against Andrea's downy pubes, her long, slender legs 
rubbing sensuously against Andrea's silky smooth stockings.

     Watching them melt together as one body, listening to their 
soft, sexy moans and urgent whimpers, inhaling the erotic aroma 
of their mingling juices, I suddenly realized just how 
presumptuous and incredibly egocentric I was even suggesting to 
Andrea that she may be jealous watching me make love to another 
woman. Because the opposite was certainly true. It was I who was 
jealous, I who was envious. And I who was going to do something 
about it. 

     Determined to be more participant than observer, I quickly 
drained another glass of Champagne and got undressed. By now, 
Ginny had slid down Andrea's body and was feasting on her full 
tits, kissing and nibbling, licking and sucking one of Andrea's 
deliciously sensitive nipples while her fingers squeezed and 
taunted the other one. Although I was not half as aroused as I 
thought I would be watching these two incredibly beautiful women 
pleasuring each other, I wasn't exactly turned off, either.      
 -26-2 
     Pumping a little more life into the old pecker, I slid into 
bed next to them and let my free hand wander over Ginny's ripe, 
hairy ass. Enviously, I watched as Ginny relentlessly squeezed 
Andrea's porcelain white boob and slowly drew her fleshy rigid 
nipple deep into her mouth. There was no doubt Ginny knew what 
she was doing. Andrea closed her eyes and groaned, lifting her 
hand to lovingly stroke Ginny's thick red hair. 

     "Oh, yes," Andrea moaned, drawing in a deep breath and 
letting it shudder out, "yes, oh, yes, suck them, baby, suck my 
nipples."

     Encouraged, Ginny groaned in response, gathered Andrea's tit 
in both her hands, squeezed her warm, milky globe upwards and 
sunk her teeth into Andrea's throbbing nipple. Andrea screamed 
hoarsely, grabbing a handful of Ginny's hair and pushing her face 
down on her tit. "Oh, shit, yes," Andrea gasped, "yes, baby, bite 
them, bite my nipples, yes, do it."

     If I wasn't completely turned on before, I was now. My cock 
sprang to attention and screamed at me to get busy. Eagerly, I 
slid my hand down Ginny's firm, perspiring ass and my fingers 
invaded her hairy, creamy slit. But although Ginny made no effort 
to pull away, she didn't exactly respond with abandon to my 
intrusive fingers sloshing around in her snatch. She was lost in 
Andrea and I knew it.

     With Andrea's hands guiding her head, Ginny switched tits 
and attacked Andrea's other nipple. That's when I noticed a small 
trickle of blood snaking around Andrea's swollen areola and run 
down the slope of her tit. Alarmed, I quickly glanced up at 
Andrea's face and was instantly mesmerized by her joyful 
expression; her eyes were closed and her beautiful, sensual lips 
fluctuated between a half smile and a half grimace as Ginny 
helped her cross the blurred border between pain and pleasure. 

     And then Ginny moved down to eat her pussy.         

     It was, I admit now, one of the most beautiful sights I had 
ever witnessed. Andrea raised her knees, freely offering to 
Ginny's mouth the source of her femininity. Ginny accepted, 
resting her head between Andrea's soft, raised thighs and began 
slowly, gently, tenderly kissing the moist, aromatic folds of 
Andrea's flared labia. Biting her lip, Andrea moaned softly, 
letting her breath out in a long, staccato sigh. She closed her 
eyes and lowered her hands to Ginny's head, burying her long 
fingers in Ginny's thick, flaming red hair to better guide her 
lover's tongue through the dark, mysterious valley of her 
passions.

     My cock grew as hard as pig iron as I watched Ginny's 
glistening red lips and the tip of her firm, pink tongue slide in 
slow, hypnotic circles around Andrea's receptive cunt. I watched 
the subtle movements of Andrea's hips, rising and falling  -2l-2 
rhythmically against Ginny's hungry mouth. And I was, I suddenly 
realized, incredibly happy. I moved up the bed, closer to 
Andrea's ecstatic, angelic face and gently stroked her long 
blonde hair. Her eyes were still closed as she concentrated on 
the exquisite sensations rising in concentric waves from between 
her legs. Her lips were dry; she licked them. Her breath was 
choppy; she tried to catch it. And her nipples, her long, thick, 
rock-hard crimson nipples pulsated visibly on her flushed, 
perspiring breasts, pulsating in perfect symphony to her 
exhilarating, accelerating heartbeat.    

     Lovingly, I stroked Andrea's hair again and she barely 
turned to me. Her eyes fluttered half open and she momentarily 
smiled at me. Then, drawing a long, labored breath, she turned 
away and again surrendered herself, completely, to the mounting 
insistence of Ginny's penetrating tongue. 

     "How does it feel, Andy? Tell me how it feels," I whispered.

     Andrea groaned loudly, trying to respond, but couldn't catch 
her breath long enough to speak. When she finally found the 
strength and breath, she half turned her head back to me. "Oh, 
God," she gasped, licking her lips, "oh God, Mick, oh, it...it's 
incredible..."

     "Yes, yes, my beautiful baby," I encouraged, "she's so 
beautiful and she's fucking you, Andy, fucking you with her 
sweet, gorgeous tongue."

     "Oh, God, oh, oh, yes, fuck me, fuck me, precious," Andrea 
whimpered the words as her head began thrashing from side to side 
on the soft, silk pillow.

     And then Ginny picked up the chant. As her lips and tongue 
moved in ever quickening circles around Andrea's unbearably 
excited pussy, Ginny groaned loudly, gutturally, animalistically 
and plunged her stiffened tongue deep, deep into Andrea's honey-
dipped tunnel, swirling it madly around Andrea's steamy, 
slippery, exquisitely tight cavern, greedily lapping the sweet, 
fragrant juices freely flowing from the soft tissues buried 
within her.          

     Andrea screamed. Her thighs snapped shut on Ginny's head. 
Her hips rose from the bed and she pushed her pussy up tighter 
against Ginny's mouth as if that movement would propel the other 
woman's rigid tongue deeper into her. Andrea's hands, which had 
been guiding Ginny's head, now went their separate ways; one to 
her nipples, which she squeezed and pulled mercilessly, the other 
to her cunt. Her fingertips sought and found her neglected, 
excruciatingly sensitive clit and began flicking it.

     Watching them, entwined, moving sensually as one, listening 
to their primal, urgent lust sounds, smelling the overpowering 
aroma generated by the incredible sexual intensity these two  -2"-2 
beautiful women conjured in each other's secretions was 
overwhelming me. My swollen balls ached and my stiff cock danced 
and throbbed uncontrollably as if frantically trying to draw my 
attention to it. How desperately I wanted my flesh to join 
theirs, how deeply I resented being excluded from their passions, 
yet, confusing as it was, my gratification seemed somehow 
inexorably bound to Andrea's as she lingered precariously on the 
precipice of ultimate pleasure. 

     My decision was made. Uncomfortable as I was, I moved down 
the bed and, kneeling next to Andrea's gyrating hips, grabbed her 
thighs and gently pried them away from Ginny's head. Through her 
taut black stockings, I could feel the tension in Andrea's smooth 
muscles, I could feel the heat rising from her body and, 
vicariously as it was, I could participate in Andrea's orgiastic 
joy as Ginny's talented mouth sought to administer her coup de 
grace. 

     Released from the suffocating constraints of Andrea's 
thighs, Ginny raised her head momentarily to recover her breath 
and stamina. Her entire face glistened with Andrea's juices and 
for a split second, when her eyes met mine, I read in them an 
understanding and a mutual appreciation of our distinct roles in 
this tableau. 

     But even this instant of neglect was too much for Andrea. 
"No, no, oh God, don't stop, don't stop," she whimpered loudly 
like a child deprived of her favorite toy. "Fuck me, oh, please, 
fuck me."

     And as I regripped Andrea's thighs, prying them further 
apart, Ginny once again lowered her lips to Andrea's. She removed 
Andrea's fingers from her inflamed clitoris and replaced them 
with her own, gently folding back the delicate layer of tissue 
still covering its base and exposing the entire length of her 
glistening, deep pink erection. Andrea's hand immediately 
retreated to her unattended breast and squeezed both of her tits 
together, frantically milking them upwards toward her throbbing 
nipples.   

     Ginny wasted no time picking up where she had stopped. 
Separating Andrea's engorged lips with her fingertips, she drew 
the tip of her stiffened tongue slowly up the entire length of 
Andrea's cleft and flicked the tip of her clit with it. Once, 
twice, three times.

     Again, Andrea screamed. Biting her dry, parched lower lip, 
she valiantly tried to stifle it. What she couldn't stifle were 
the uncontrollably violent shuddering movements of her hips as 
the thousands of overwhelmed nerve fibers centered in her 
clitoris suddenly electrified her entire body. She tried to pull 
away; I held her thighs firmly. But despite my grip, her hips 
continued gyrating wildly, yet, remarkably, Ginny's tongue stayed 
right with her. -2X-2 
     Groaning deeply, Ginny continued flicking Andrea's clit with 
her tongue while her free hand quickly moved between her own 
legs, through her thick, rich tangle of bright burnt orange pubic 
hair and she began stroking herself in concert to Andrea's 
movements.      

     Instinctively, Ginny knew, as only another woman could know, 
the precise plateau of Andrea's ecstatic tension and what was 
needed to nudge her lover over the indefinable, elastic, synaptic 
line separating her exquisite, gut wrenching torment from mind 
reeling bliss. And armed with her infallible, practiced instinct, 
Ginny's frenzied tongue retreated from Andrea's clit to be 
instantly replaced by her soft, honey coated mouth. Her flushed 
cheeks hollowed and she slowly drew Andrea's pulsating erection 
between her lips and lovingly sucked it into her mouth. As she 
did, Andrea's entire body jerked spasmodically. She groaned 
hoarsely and gutturally as she fought for breath and fought to 
hang on to the last vestige of nerve torturing excitement before 
surrendering to the inevitable ecstatic maelstrom awaiting her 
final consent.   

     But consent was no longer hers to grant. It was Ginny's and 
Ginny was extracting it. Her lips still held Andrea's clit 
captive and I could see her delicate facial muscles twitch 
excitedly as she vibrated the tip of tongue over Andrea's 
inflamed penile button. 

     An instant later, Andrea came.

     Her first orgasm was capitulation, a groaning, sighing, 
whimpering acknowledgement that she could no longer hold back the 
intensely electrifying sensations radiating from deep within her 
womb. Her second orgasm was thunderous. Crying out, fighting 
consciousness itself, her eyes rolled back and her spine 
stiffened, arching and rising from the bed as every muscle in her 
body went rigid, suspended in time, as wave after ecstatic shock 
wave surged through her nerves and coursed through her veins. Her 
body shook and trembled, urging every minute trace of pleasure 
from her limbs.

     "Oh, God, oh, God, no, no, no, oh God," Andrea gasped over 
and over like an hypnotic mantra, a chant that only encouraged 
Ginny to inflict still more, heightened pleasures.

     Literally panting, Ginny quickly lifted her sopping face 
from between Andrea's thighs, withdrew her drenched hand from 
between her legs and painted Andrea's gaping, sensitive labia 
with own juices. Again Andrea's entire body shuddered and Ginny 
smiled.

     "Now my beautiful lover," Ginny gasped, "now, baby, now I'm 
really going to make you cum." 

     "Yes, yes, lovey, yes..." -2-2 
     I knew what was coming. Quickly repositioning myself, I 
reached under Andrea's suspended body and gripped her tight 
buttocks, separating her cheeks as I lifted her higher off the 
bed. Ginny cast a quick, appreciative look to me and, turning all 
of her attention back to Andrea, positioned her shiny middle 
finger against Andrea's tiny pink sphincter. Teasingly, she 
painted it with her own sweet lubricants and then, without the 
slightest hesitation, eased her perfectly manicured fingertip 
into Andrea's willing asshole. 

     Whimpering uncontrollably, Andrea squeezed her eyes shut and 
lost every trace of breath in her lungs as Ginny slowly, 
excruciatingly slowly, eased her long, tapered finger into her 
tight rear canal. I watched, breathlessly, fascinated, as she 
just as slowly withdrew the one finger and reinserted two. The 
two then became three, mercilessly stretching Andrea's tiny hole 
as her fingers bored deeper and deeper into her while her 
thumb barely flicked Andrea's elongated, pulsing clitoris.   

     "Oh, God..." Andrea screamed, "Fuck me...FUCK ME!!!" 

     I don't know how she did it, but Andrea suddenly shot 
upright, her hands lashed out, grabbing Ginny's hair and 
viciously pulled Ginny's head down to her pussy. With three 
fingers plunging in and out of her ass and her thumb burrowing 
into her tunnel, Ginny went wild, licking, lapping, sucking, 
eating Andrea's cunt with complete animal abandon. 

     Still clinging to Ginny's long hair, Andrea fell back on the 
bed, screaming, crying, whimpering, thrashing around with equal 
abandon until, a moment later, her body stiffened again, wracked 
by one tremendous orgasm after another. 

     When the last spasm finally subsided, her body went limp and 
tears flooded her eyes. They ran in graceful rivulets down her 
cheeks and I felt like crying with her. I gently lowered her 
buttocks back down on the bed and Ginny gently withdrew her face 
and fingers from her lover and looked up at her. Smiling. Tears 
of empathetic joy filling her eyes, too. 

     Andrea tugged gently on Ginny's hair, urging her forward and 
Ginny eagerly complied. Still kneeling between Andrea's thighs, 
she inched forward and laid down on top of her. Belly to belly, 
breast to breast, Andrea wrapped her long legs around Ginny's and 
her arms encircled the other woman's sweat soaked back. Then, 
between their equally labored breaths, their lips slowly merged,
their tongues sought one another's and they kissed lovingly.     

     I, quite literally, was odd man out. I probably should have 
beaten a hasty, polite retreat at that point, but fool that I was, 
I instead moved back up the bed and watched Andrea tenderly lick 
her fragrant juices from Ginny's face. As I watched them, slowly 
stroking my panicked prick, Andrea spotted me out of the corner 
of her eye and, easing her lips away from Ginny's, turned her  -2D-2 
head toward me. She slid her hand from Ginny's back, groped for 
my hand and, finding it, she squeezed it hard.        

     "Hi," she whispered, barely audibly, and smiled so fucking 
delightfully at me.

     "Hi, yourself," I smiled back, "was it good for you, too?"

     Still breathing hard, Andrea laughed her cute, tinkling 
laugh and Ginny turned to me, too, resting her cheek on Andrea's 
and shared our joke. 

     "So glad you could join us, Mick," Ginny teased. She glanced 
down at my stiff friend in my hand and I knew she wanted to laugh 
at my condition. "Oh," she chided playfully, "and look at your 
poor little cock. All dressed up and no place to go."     

     "Fuck you," I laughed back, only half joking, but the words 
were barely out of my mouth as Ginny reached out and drew her 
fingernails over my swollen, incredibly sensitive glans. I nearly 
jumped out of my skin.

     "Ooooo, sensitive little bugger, isn't it," Ginny continued 
teasing.

     "Watch what you're calling 'little'," I shot back, "we're 
talking ten inches of dangling death here."

     "In your dreams, sailor."

     Still stroking Ginny's long, lush hair, Andrea laughed. 
"Will you two cut it out."

     Ginny smiled again and, raising herself up slightly from 
Andrea's equally sweat soaked body, reached for my knob again. I 
jerked away, grabbing her wrist just inches from my dick. "Oh, 
come on," she chided, "I just want to apologize to the little 
man."
     
     "You bitch," I grinned, finally releasing her wrist and 
edging back toward her waiting fingers. "Don't you just wish you 
had one as nice?"

     Ginny's fingers slowly encircled my cock, but her face and 
eyes went back to Andrea. "Only to fuck this beautiful creature," 
she whispered to Andrea and kissed her gently on her closed 
mouth.

     "Well in that case, you can always use mine," I volunteered, 
"I don't mind, really. It's the least I can do."

     Andrea smiled broadly beneath Ginny's lips. "Don't start, 
Mick."
 -2z-2 
     "So who's starting," I replied innocently. "My life's motto 
has always been, why let a good hardon go to waste?"

     Andrea looked at me with that now familiar glint in her eye. 
She squeezed my hand and then suddenly withdrew hers, placing it 
on the soft underside of Ginny's pendulous breast. "Yeah," she 
agreed softly, "why let a perfectly good hardon go to waste?"      

     Andrea's hand moved to the top of Ginny's breast and the tip 
of her forefinger casually outlined the redhead's puffy areola. 
In response, Ginny squeezed my cock harder. It felt great. She 
closed her eyes and smiled, concentrating on the feeling of 
Andrea's light touch traipsing around her nipple. "Yeah," she 
finally breathed, "that's what I always say, too." 

     Shifting slightly, Andrea lowered her hand to her own breast 
and pushing it up, touched her still rigid nipple to Ginny's, 
drawing it around her areola in slow, tender circles as she had 
done with her finger. Andrea continued to entrance the other 
woman's nipple with her own and Ginny began to stroke my angry 
monster with some sincerity. Drawing a breath, she half opened 
one eye and looked at me. "I have two tits, you know," she 
grinned, closing her eye again.

     "You have enough for four," I reminded her. 

     Grinning, Ginny roughly tweaked my cock and I yelped despite 
myself. 

     Reluctantly, I withdrew my exasperated pole from her hand 
and eased myself up. Gently grabbing Ginny's shoulders, I lifted 
her from Andrea's body and, even more gently, rolled her on her 
back between us. Her long, thick red hair and large hoop earrings 
framed her face perfectly on the pillow and, although I never 
thought her quite as beautiful as Andrea, Ginny was certainly a 
striking woman with a full, incredibly sexy figure.

     For the first time in what must have been hours, Andrea was 
now able to shift her body and flex her long, stocking clad legs. 
I could tell by the way she moved that her muscles were stiff and 
sore and I made a mental note to offer her, later, what I was 
sure would be a strictly therapeutic massage. But at this moment, 
the only therapeutic massage I was interested in was the one 
Ginny could give my swollen tube still dancing between my legs.

     Flat on her back between Andrea and me, Ginny pulled us in 
and we both made love to her. We kissed her, alternately and 
simultaneously, sharing her soft, full lips and warm sweet 
tongue. Our tongues mingled with Ginny's and, occasionally, with 
each others. To my surprise and encouragement, Andrea didn't seem 
to mind. There was hope yet, I thought.

     Propelled by Ginny's subtle movements, our hands each found 
one of her delightfully freckled breasts, Andrea the right, me  -20-2 
the left, and we squeezed and kneaded her warm, resilient flesh 
in unison. Ginny's nipples, although not half as long nor quite 
as thick as Andrea's, seemed to constrict upwards and darken in 
color as they responded to our fingers. 

     Andrea and I quickly learned that Ginny made the most 
delightful love sounds when she was on the receiving end of 
sexual excitement. The degree of pleasure she was feeling was 
instantly echoed by a sexy "hmmmmming" sound she produced deep in 
her throat. The pitch, depth and length of her "hmmmmmm" 
indicated the exact intensity of her arousal. Later, we would 
learn, her "hmmmms" would become "ahhhhhs" and her "ahhhhhs" 
would become "ohhhhhs" as she crossed each threshold of ever 
mounting joy.

     I left Ginny's lips to Andrea and moved down to kiss and 
suck her sensitive tit. Her hand moved with me, gently guiding my 
head, then continuing down her smooth, firm body, ultimately 
disappearing between her parted legs. Squeezing her very generous 
tit between both my hands, I trailed the tip of my tongue around 
her deep pink areola, circling in closer to her nipple and 
finally sucking it in firmly between my lips. 

     Ginny liked it. She groaned, "hmmmmm," deeply into Andrea's 
mouth, urging both of us on.       

     The feeling of Ginny's responsive, slightly salty nipple in 
my mouth was wonderful. Listening to her "hmmmmms" of pleasure, 
my fingers continued to knead and squeeze her soft, damp tit in 
subtle upward milking motions as I swirled my tongue around her 
rigid bud, sucking and licking it slowly, unhurriedly, deriving 
as much pleasure from it as I hoped I imparted. A few moments 
later, Andrea's face joined mine at Ginny's breast and she smiled 
at me. I released my lip lock on Ginny's nipple and, still 
milking her tit, offered her white-tipped nipple to Andrea's 
waiting lips. Then, like two high school sweethearts sharing our 
first single soda straw, we alternated sucking on Ginny's turgid 
nipple, switching breasts after a few minutes and sucking on the 
other.  

     "Hmmmmmm, hmmmmmm, hmmmmmm," Ginny groaned. Her hand, still 
busy between her legs, began to pick up pace while her other hand 
gently urged Andrea's head to move down her body.  

     But this time I was not about to be denied. As I continued 
roughly fondling Ginny's tits, I stretched out lengthwise on the 
bed and pressed by body against her side. The feel of her soft, 
warm, moist skin against my dick was immediately gratifying, but 
I wasn't going to settle for a little frottage, I wanted in. Some 
place. Any place. Desperately. Andrea took hold of Ginny's hand 
and gently lifted it away from her pussy, replacing it with her 
own long fingers and stroked Ginny's slit with the same practiced 
mastubatory rhythms. 
 -2f-2 
     "Hmmmmm, hmmmmm, hmmmmm, hmmmmm," Ginny groaned, the sound 
high pitched and stacatto as Andrea's fingers moved deftly in and 
out of her delicate folds.  

     Then, looking at me and smiling, Andrea lifted Ginny's 
drenched hand to her mouth and seductively licked her fingers 
clean of every thick morsel of Ginny's heady honey.

     "You bitch," I moaned, jealously watching Andrea's tongue 
corkscrew around Ginny's glistening fingers.

     Andrea smiled. When she was through vacuuming Ginny's hand, 
she placed the hand firmly on her own breast and Ginny's fingers 
immediately sought her nipple. And then something remarkable 
happened. As if clearly reading my mind and gauging my desires, 
Andrea withdrew her sopping fingers from Ginny's snatch and, 
reaching across her, brushed the delicious juices over my lips. 

     That was all the invitation I needed. Rising up, I quickly 
grabbed Ginny's hips, pulling her away from Andrea. "I'm going 
to fuck you, bitch," I grunted to Ginny, "I'm going to fuck you 
till you scream for mercy." And far more roughly than I intended, 
I turned Ginny over and yanked her hips up into a kneeling 
position, securing her firm, rounded ass in front of me. I slid
my hand down Ginny's smooth ass to her drenched, steaming, hair-
matted pussy and squeezed her lips. Obligingly, Ginny parted her 
thighs for me as she repositioned herself, arching her back like
a sensuous supple cat as she lowered her face to the silk pillow. 

     Out of the corner of my eye I glimpsed Andrea's approving 
smile as she slid slightly away from Ginny, relinquishing the 
redhead entirely to me for my own selfish gratification. And, 
believe me, I wasted no time seeking the gratification long 
denied me. Quickly, I moved up behind Ginny, guiding my 
throbbing steel shaft down the crack of her firm ass to her 
eager, waiting cunt. 

     But Ginny was even more impatient than I was. Her hand shot
up from between her legs, grabbing my cock, pulling it, guiding 
it into the hot, wet, swollen folds of her excited cunt. "Come
on, you cocksucker," she hissed between tense, short breaths, 
"fuck me, fuck me!" She positioned my throbbing cockhead against
her waiting hole and, grabbing her hips, I plunged my raging 
prick into her in one, swift, violent thrust of my hips.

     Ginny screamed, then gasped, as I pulled out and thrust 
again. Deeper. Harder. Again I pulled out. Again Ginny gasped. 
And again I plunged my pig-iron cock into her, my stomach 
smashing against her ass with each thrust. I released her hips 
and bent down over her, grabbing handfuls of her balloon like
tits. I squeezed and kneaded her soft, firm fleshy mounds as I 
continued fucking her from behind with all the strength and 
stamina I could muster.    
 -2-2 
     As Ginny groaned deeper and louder with each thrust of my
mindless cock, I glanced up at Andrea. She was at the edge of the 
bed, legs spread, furiously masturbating. I was sweating like a 
stuck pig, barely able to catch my breath, but the sight of 
Andrea's fingers dancing over her clit made me smile. Through 
half shut eyes, Andrea smiled back. I flicked my head toward her 
and, as always, she immediately understood. In unison, as I 
pulled Ginny's body up by her tits and repositioned her, Andrea,
on her back, slid under her. Still holding Ginny's tits, I slowly 
lowered her engorged, flaming nipple into Andrea's waiting lips 
and watched as she sucked it deep into her mouth.

     I could feel my balls tighten. I was going to cum. But that 
was the last thing I wanted just then. I gritted my teeth, 
fighting it, trying every trick I knew to stay my synapses from 
their inevitable, blissful, mind-numbing explosion. But my 
willpower was slipping away with each cock thrust into Ginny's 
tight, grasping hole. So I pulled out. Glistening in the 
lamplight, my drenched pole danced and twitched, begging for 
relief.

     "No, no, you cocksucking asshole," Ginny moaned, trying 
to gulp air into her fiery lungs, "don't stop, don't stop!" 

     "You want to fuck," I gasped, "this is how you fuck!" And,
grabbing her hips firmly, I raised myself up and pressed the 
smooth, shiny, bulbous head of my extraordinarily eager prick 
against the purple-pink sphincter of her tiny asshole. 
       
     "No, not that way," Ginny gasped, "not my asshole, you 
motherfucker, not that way." But her protest only fueled my 
desire. I looped one arm under her bent waist and held her 
firmly as my other hand slowly eased my cock into her 
reluctant back road. Ginny tried to squirm away, but I held
her tighter, pressing my prickhead harder against her unwilling
hole. As she gasped again, her sphincter muscles involuntarily
surrendered and I finally succeeded invading her asshole. 
Quarter inch by quarter inch, I squeezed my throbbing cock 
deeper into her, each quarter inch coaxing longer, louder, 
more demanding groans from Ginny. Her incredibly tight asshole 
gripped and squeezed my cock every inch of the way, heightening 
the already indescribable sensations flooding my swirling brain.
I had to have it all. Almost unconsciously, I withdrew, 
slightly, gathered my strength, then thrust into her all the 
way, my heavy balls slapping against her gushing pussy.

     Ginny screamed. Loudly. Her body bolted up against the
invasion of my fat prick all the way up her tiny asshole. But I
held on. She plunged down again into Andrea, wiggling and 
bucking and gyrating her ass against me. And I fucked her. Hard.
My cock plunging up her ass with each violent thrust of my hips,
my balls slapping and slamming rhythmically against her cunt.    

     As I furiously fucked Ginny's ass, Andrea, my sweet, sweet  -2R-2 
Andrea, not about to let an opportunity like this go to waste, 
twisted her body beneath us, sliding her beautiful face between 
Ginny's thighs and began licking and sucking the redhead's pussy. 
Ginny, responded immediately, gasping and groaning, she lowered 
her body down to Andrea's, her mouth seeking and finding 
Andrea's willing cunt.    
 
     When God created fucking, this is what he had in mind.

     The smell of them enveloped me. The sound of their mutual 
cunt lapping and their mingled gasps and grunts, cries and 
whimpers excited me beyond any fantasy. The sight of their 
perfect bodies entwined in uninhibited, lustful, inverted 
lovemaking fueled a frenzy in me I had never before experienced. 
And my cock, my patient, obedient cock, grasped and squeezed 
mercilessly by each screaming thrust into Ginny's velvety tight 
asshole -- my cock came to the verge -- and I knew I had to
finally surrender.

     Panting like an animal, fighting, fighting, my hips reared
back, I grabbed Ginny's body, plunging into her hole with all 
my strength. Ginny pushed back, meeting my thrust, challenging
me. Then, slamming my eyes shut, gasping for air, my entire 
body stiffened and my balls erupted, wracking my body and brain
simultaneously as I came like an explosion. Instantaneously, my 
cock regrouped, convulsed, and I shot another salvo of hot cum 
deep into Ginny's receptive ass. I could feel her rectal muscles 
grasp me, milk me, urge my cock to shoot again. And I did. And 
as I did, she did, too. 

     With Andrea's lips locked on her clit, Ginny suddenly
stiffened upright, holding the tension, holding it, holding it 
and then, her body shaking and shuddering uncontrollably, she 
came, screaming and gasping in the same breath. Andrea's arms
encircled her hips, pulling her dripping pussy back down to her 
hungry mouth. But Ginny couldn't take any more. She jerked her
pussy away from Andrea and, as she did, my cock squished out from
her asshole, falling, like a wounded soldier into Andrea's sweat-
soaked hair. I left it there, feeling the warm softness of her
rich blonde hair against my cum coated cock. If Andrea noticed,
she didn't say anything. And we all just smiled the mindless,
blissful, wordless smile of satisfied lovers.

     It seemed like forever until we could all catch our breaths. 
When we did, we slowly, painfully, jokingly repositioned our 
spent bodies on our backs, lengthwise along the bed. It came as 
no surprise to me that Ginny was in the middle, separating me 
from Andrea. 

     Giggling, Ginny turned her head to Andrea and they kissed 
lightly. Then Ginny turned her head to me and we kissed, too. I 
thought I could taste Andrea's lips on Ginny, but it was probably 
only my imagination. And I wondered, lying there, I wondered 
when would I taste her for myself. -2-2 
     We snuggled closer. Andrea shifted and raised her hand to
Ginny's perspiring breast. I did the same with Ginny's other
breast. Then slowly, I moved my hand across to Andrea's. And she
didn't pull away. Maybe there was hope yet.
      
To be continued...
