Archive-name: 3plus/odd-pt1.txt
Archive-author: Mickey Bee
Archive-title: Odd Trio - 1


                         Part One

     Andrea is a world class head turner; she is a tall, slender, 
big-breasted dewey-eyed blonde whose face alone could have the 
Pope mumbling to himself. She is feminine to a fault: a fact 
demonstrated daily by the way she dresses, moves, talks, even 
tosses her hair when she laughs. Andrea is the stuff of dreams. 
Particularly mine. And I was determined to have her.

     When she came to work for our small agency a year ago, every 
man and boy in the shop hit on her. Including myself. And as 
owner and C.E.O. of the thriving agency, I thought I had a pretty 
good shot of scoring. I'm young, single, reasonably attractive in 
a Woody Allen sort of way, I'm in pretty good shape, prematurely 
mature perpetually horny and very financially secure. Yet try as 
I did (and believe me, I tried) I got nowhere with Andrea. Not 
that she was cold or aloof, far from it. She was warm and 
gracious and funny and an extremely talented artist. But I just 
couldn't get anywhere with her.

     Our relationship grew slowly and wonderfully from the day I 
hired Andrea. We kept business, business, and semi-socialized 
only at an occasional lunch which, over the weeks and months that 
followed, developed into almost everyday affair. Our first few 
lunches quickly revealed that she wasn't married, never had been, 
didn't date, rarely went out at night and that she spent most of 
her off hours engaged in her "serious" painting. Naturally, I 
began to wonder what was wrong with me, not her; did I have a 
catastrophic personality flaw? Bad breath? Did I look like 
Quasimoto's kid brother? What was it? I couldn't figure it out 
and it was driving me crazy.     
     
     And then, suddenly, it all came clear. In a moment of purely 
coincidental, unmitigated fate, I learned the answer. I was out 
one night, wining and dining an important new client at a 
fashionable, out of the way French restaurant. We were seated at 
a small table near a cafe curtained window and when I happened to 
glance out, I spotted Andrea. She was coming out of a bar, a gay 
bar, and she was arm-in-arm with a woman nearly as beautiful as 
herself. I literally spilled my soup all over myself. It had 
never, ever occurred to me that Andrea was of the Sapphic 
persuasion. That realization devastated me and I mourned the 
loss, holding out a tiny flicker of hope that I was somehow 
mistaken.
  35 3 
     At lunch with Andrea the next day, I steeled myself with a 
drink (something I never do during working hours) and casually 
mentioned to Andrea that I could have sworn I saw her exact 
double come out of The Blue Flame with a beautiful woman last 
night. 

     Without a moment's hesitation or showing the slightest 
embarrassment, Andrea said, "Oh, no, that was me. Why didn't you 
say 'hello' or something?" 

     I quickly drained the last of my drink and stammered, "You, 
you're gay!?" 

     Andrea made a face and said, "No, silly, men are gay. I'm a 
lesbian," then casually added, "are you going to eat your cole 
slaw?"

     "Why didn't you tell me," I finally blurted? 

     "Why didn't you ask," she answered coolly? I can't begin to 
imagine what my face must have revealed, but whatever it was, it 
wasn't lost on Andrea. She lowered her beautiful, smoldering 
blue-grey eyes and with a mocking, dejected tone in her voice 
said, "Oh, shit. Does this mean I have to pay for my own lunch 
from now on?" 

     I couldn't believe it. I stared at her, wide-eyed and open-
mouthed and just broke up. I was laughing so hard, the entire 
restaurant turned to look at us. Embarrassed and unable to thwart 
her own laughter, Andrea got up and tried to get me to drink some 
water, dribbling it down my chin to my pants. That made her laugh 
even harder and I cracked up again. Through my choking, 
uncontrollable laughter, I finally managed to reply, "and does 
this mean I'm never going to get into your pants?"  And still 
laughing like a couple of crazies, we walked arm and arm down 
Michigan Avenue back to the office.

     From that day on, our relationship changed dramatically and, 
I hasten to add, for the better. I went back to seriously 
pursuing and bedding other women (as did Andrea, I'm sure), but 
we still took our lunches together nearly every day, occasionally 
adding after work drinks to our repertoire. I was notably more 
relaxed around her, now that I stopped trying to impress and 
seduce her and our friendship deepened and blossomed. Our 
conversations became more personal and downright gossipy and I 
began to feel more like her hairdresser than her employer.

     When we occasionally went to the popular watering joints 
after work, I could literally feel the envious stares of every 
guy in the place as I escorted this breathtaking creature through 
the crowd to a quiet table in the back and hoarded her to myself 
all night. Little did they know that more often than not, we were 
discussing and evaluating the women in the bar like a couple of 
locker room buddies. Andrea would pick out a woman and say   3k 3 
something like, "I'll bet that brunette's a real scratcher and 
screamer" or "look at that chick's face, she looks like she 
hasn't cum in five years" or "check out the tits on that redhead, 
don't they look delicious." Needless to say, after a few drinks 
and night of titillating conversation like that, I'd have to 
hustle up an old, warm, willing friend for a mercy fuck on my 
way home from dropping Andrea off.     

     Then one night, even that changed, too. Andrea and I were 
out for dinner and the conversation quite naturally turned to 
sex. Even though we were both lamenting how difficult it was to 
find good sex partners, the mood was light, bordering on silly 
and we were swapping funny sex stories from our past. Andrea told 
me about an older woman she had really liked and had dated for a 
while until the woman started getting weird. She would shave 
Andrea's pussy, put ribbons in her hair and dress her like a 
little girl. That was okay with Andrea once in a while, but when 
it became the staple of their sex life, Andrea bowed out. And 
then there was another woman, a young doctor, who was obsessed 
with Andrea's breasts (and who wouldn't be, I thought to myself). 
The woman used to suck her tits constantly, often falling asleep 
with Andrea's nipple in her mouth and waking up the next morning 
still sucking. The young Madam M.D. gave Andrea hormone shots and 
after weeks of constant suckling, Andrea began to lactate, much 
to the delight of this woman who would then literally milk her 
twice a day. Andrea said that she began to feel like nothing more 
than an old cow and eventually broke up with the doctor. "Not 
only that," Andrea laughed, "she cost me a fortune. My tits got 
so big, I had to keep buying bigger bras. And what am I supposed 
to do with those potato sacks now?"

     I laughed with her on the outside, but on the inside my cock 
was screaming for mercy. And I told her as much. "Okay, that's 
enough," I groaned, "if we keep talking about this stuff, I swear 
I'm going to have to go to the men's room and give the old 
professor some relief." 

     Andrea grinned. "You're kidding," she teased. 

     "I am not kidding," I protested, "my problem is, I don't 
think I can stand up right now." And in fact, I couldn't. 

     Andrea looked at me and a sly, sexy expression crossed her 
face. She leaned into me, giggled like a little girl and 
whispered, "I want to watch you masturbate." 

     I nearly choked on my coffee. When I regained my composure I 
replied, "now who's kidding?" 

     "No, no, I mean it," she answered sincerely, "I've never 
seen a man do it. It'd be a trip. C'mon, don't be such a 
candyass."

  3! 3 
     It wasn't the worst proposition I'd ever heard. I thought 
about it and smiled. "Okay," I nodded, "on one condition. You let 
me watch you do it." 

     Andrea didn't even think about it before answering. "It's a 
deal. Get the check."   

     Even though it was a short distance from the restaurant, we 
took a cab to her small but beautifully decorated apartment and 
Andrea led me to the bedroom. As I had suspected, it was a 
decidedly feminine room dominated by a big brass bed, Laura 
Ashley wallpaper and fabrics and yes, silk sheets. But then 
things got a little awkward. We couldn't agree who was to go 
first and flipping a coin seemed too cold to both of us. So we 
decided to at least undress simultaneously, one article each, and 
see what developed.

     I took off my shoes and Andrea kicked off her heels. I 
unbuttoned my shirt and threw it on the floor; Andrea pulled her 
sweater over her head and shook out her long blonde hair, but she 
was still wearing a nearly see-through silk blouse beneath her 
sweater. I stripped off my socks - two items; Andrea peeled off 
her blouse and wiggled out of her skirt. I was down to two items, 
my pants and underwear while Andrea was still ostensibly fully 
dressed. But despite my protests of "unfair", I didn't mind at 
all. She was wearing the sexiest lingerie I could have hoped for 
- or died for: a satin camisole, push-up lace bra, minuscule, 
transparently sheer white panties, a delicate matching lace 
garter belt and long nylon stockings that seemed to have been 
painted on her incredibly gorgeous legs. 

     I reached for my belt and stopped, looking at her and 
smiling. "Wait a second," I protested feebly, "you're wearing 
more clothes than me." 

     Andrea just shook her head and smiled back. "Too bad, sport, 
deal's a deal." 

     I shrugged, unzipped my pants and stepped out of them, 
deliberately facing her. My tiny bikini underwear did little to 
conceal the hard-on of a lifetime blazing upwards between my 
legs. Andrea looked unabashedly at my barely restrained cock, 
smiled and pulled her camisole off.       

     That vision will stay with me till the day I die. Her body 
was the nearest thing to perfection that I have ever witnessed. I 
literally lost my breath. "Oh my God," I heard myself groan. 

     "Oh my God, nothing," Andrea chirped, "drop your drawers, 
sailor." 

     I pulled my bikini off so fast, I nearly tripped. Released 
from its nylon restraint, my rigid cock jumped straight out and 
up, throbbing and bobbing up and down like a lunatic. I grabbed   3W 3 
it, just to hold it steady, and grinning like the fool that I 
was, nodded to Andrea, indicating her bra.   

     Andrea shrugged and reached for the front closure of her 
bra. She unhooked it and teasingly peeled the fragile lace away 
from her tits. "I always knew you were a boob man," she chided as 
she shook the straps off her shoulders, causing her tits to sway 
gently like water balloons. 

     I thought I had died and went to mammary heaven. Up close 
and personal, Andrea's tits were far larger than I had ever 
imagined, and I had done a lot of imagining about them. But as 
big as they were, they were exceedingly firm and capped on their 
upper slopes with huge, perfectly circular areolas and the 
longest, thickest, fleshiest nipples I have ever seen. And they 
weren't even erect yet! Andrea later told me that the condition 
of her nipples was a permanent result of her "milk maid" episode, 
but I'm getting ahead of myself.

     Although I could barely walk, Andrea guided me by the 
shoulders to the bed, fluffed up some pillows and told me to lie 
down and make myself comfortable. As I did, she moved a large 
armchair to the side of the bed, her breasts swaying with every 
step, and sat down, facing me. Just watching her, I automatically 
began polishing the Bishop in long, satisfying strokes, praying 
that I wouldn't pop the cork too soon. Andrea just watched me, 
more fascinated than aroused. 

     Between concentrating on the task at hand, the incredible 
feeling surging through my swollen balls and my frequent glances 
at Andrea's magnificent tits, I could barely speak. When I 
finally found the breath and strength to speak, I looked at her 
and gasped, "aren't you supposed to be doing something, too?"  

     Andrea smiled seductively at me and whispered, "what makes 
you think I'm not?" As she spoke, she lifted her long, stockinged 
legs over the arms of the chair and I glanced down at her pussy. 
The sheer white triangle of nylon covering her cunt was soaking 
wet. I almost lost it right there. I had to squeeze the base of 
my cock and hold it for an eternity to keep from squirting.

     Andrea noticed what I was doing and grinned. She closed her 
eyes and began massaging her tits, seductively moving her hands 
to her nipples and squeezing them awake between her fingers. As 
big as her nipples were "at rest", they grew even more prodigious 
beneath her fingers, rising like two crimson red thumbs as her 
areolas constricted into smaller circles. She momentarily lost 
her breath and, shuddering, licked her lips to moisten them. 
"Wouldn't it be funny," she gasped, smiling, "if we were both 
fantasizing about the same woman."

     I had to keep from laughing. The thought was so Andrea. I 
turned my head away, closed my eyes and went back to pumping the 
professor.  -2-2 
     "Tell me when you're going to cum," Andrea interrupted, "I 
want to see it." 

     "Don't worry," I replied between short breaths, "you'll be 
among the first to know." I glanced back at her and watched her 
long, delicate, perfectly manicured fingers languorously move 
down her trim body to her pussy. I held my breath as she pulled 
the skimpy fabric of her panties to one side and slid her finger 
into her glistening wet slit and began masturbating very, very 
slowly. Although she was not shaved, her sparse, blonde, baby 
fine pubic hair barely concealed her puffy cunt lips. As she held 
her outer lips open with the fingers of one hand, revealing her 
engorged pink and white clit, the fingers of her other hand 
gracefully poked in and out of her deep red inner lips, 
occasionally dancing around her clit before sliding slightly up 
her tunnel.

     I watched her, excited, aroused, fascinated, pumping my 
pecker with more authority. I knew I couldn't hold out much 
longer. "Andrea," I gasped, "this is it, babe, volcano time."

     Andrea's eyes were squeezed shut. Her hips were rotating in 
the chair in perfect rhythm to her finger flicking over her clit. 
"No," she groaned, "no, wait, wait, not yet." 

     I'm not a man of steel. I clenched my teeth, trying 
desperately to hold back despite the few drops of clear white cum 
forming on my piss hole. "Andrea..." I implored. 

     "Wait," she whimpered. Her whimpers grew louder, tuning into 
what I can only describe as sobs. Quickly, she withdrew her 
finger from her clit, licked her fingertips and went back to work 
on her puss. 

     That gesture was it for me. Groaning louder than I would 
have liked, I clamped my eyes shut, my body convulsed and 
shouting Andrea's name, I began shooting the biggest, thickest 
load of white cum I had ever shot in my life. The first spurt 
arched in the air and landed high on my chest. As the second 
spurt ejected, Andrea screamed. I looked over and saw her fingers 
buried in her cunt while her thumb frantically played with her 
clit. Her entire body heaved and jerked and her tits swayed from 
side to side. And I came again, the thick cum falling into my 
belly and running down over my balls. And I kept it up, stroking 
myself, roughly pulling my dick, enjoying the aftershocks and 
spasms that continue after ejaculation. 

     After several long minutes, when I was finally able to look 
back at Andrea, she was gently stroking her rigid nipples, eyes 
closed, smiling peacefully, trying to catch her breath, too. Her 
entire body was flushed and there was just a hint of perspiration 
mingled with pussy juice all over her breasts, belly and pubes. 
She opened her eyes half way and smiled at me. "Was it good for 
you, too," she teased in a sexy whisper?  -2D-2 
     "Yeah," I grinned, "not the worst time I ever had in my 
life."  I was sweating like a guy who just got a reprieve and 
escaped the chair. As my breathing slowly returned to normal, I 
knew I had to gamble with her. "Look, Andrea," I said softly, "I 
can't take this. I've got to make love to you." 

     Andrea barely shook her head no. "I can't do it. I can't 
fuck men."
 
     "Why not?" My question was sincere. 

     She answered just as sincerely, "for the same reason you 
can't." 

     "But that's not fair," I protested, "men don't turn me on."

     Andrea smiled sweetly. "I rest my case."       

     I knew she meant it. Any fantasies I might have harbored 
about being such a great lover that I could fuck a lesbian back 
to the straight life quickly evaporated. I rubbed and squeezed my 
faltering prick, helping it come down slowly and glanced back at 
Andrea. I watched her fingers move in slow, sensuous circles 
around her erect nipples, my hopes of sucking those beauties 
fading like my cock. "You're right," I finally nodded, "I'm 
sorry, that was unfair of me."

     Andrea shrugged and smiled, almost sadly, I thought. Then, 
regaining her usual cheerfulness, lifted her eyes and swept them 
over my naked body. "No control, huh, big boy," she joked, "you 
really let things get, as they say, out of hand. Look at the mess 
you made."    

     "Mess? What mess," I countered, rubbing my globs of cum into 
my body? "I don't see any mess."

     Andrea laughed and eased out of the chair. Her panties were 
still pulled to one side of her cunt, but she made no attempt to 
cover it. She moved over to me and took my arm, pulling me up. 
"C'mon, sport, let's hose you off."

     "Oh, please, no," I groaned, resisting her gentle tugs on my 
arm. "I can't move. I'm stuck. Cum does that, you know."

     "No, I don't know."

     I opened one eye and gave her my best skeptical look.

     "Well you can stew in your own juices if you want, I'm going 
to take a shower."
     
     I opened my other eye. "Is that an invitation?"

 -2z-2 
     "You want it engraved on your forehead?" Then, glancing down 
at my shriveled dick, added, "obviously it's too late to engrave 
it on your foreskin." 

     I persuaded my limp body to rise and swung my legs off the 
bed. Andrea was still holding my arm and I made no move to pull 
it away, enjoying what little contact she allowed. From my 
sitting position, I let my eyes slowly wander up her body and 
just shook my head, sighing loudly.

     "Oh, come on," Andrea chided, "I'm sure this wasn't the 
first time a lady asked you to take matters into your own hands."

     "No," I confessed, "but when I did, I knew things were just 
beginning, not coming to screeching halt like this."            

     Andrea thought about it for a second and shook her head, 
understanding. "Okay," she nodded, "tell you what. You want to 
take off the rest of my clothes?"

     "Coals to Newcastle," I intoned.

     "Take it or leave it."

     "I'll take it."

     "Somehow I figured that."

     I got off the bed and, turning her slightly, got down on my 
knees and looped my thumbs in the waistband of her panties and 
began to pull them off. "Crumbs," I mumbled, sliding her sopping 
panties down her sheer nylons. 

     "Be happy for small favors," Andrea casually reminded me. 
She stepped out of her panties and planted her feet on either 
side of me. 

     Leaning in toward her, my face just inches away from her 
beautiful, juice drenched pussy, I reached for the small wire 
closure of her garter and slowly unfastened it, closing my eyes 
so I could inhale the sweet, musky, heady fragrance of her flared 
cunt. With the first garter clasp undone, I slid my hand between 
her warm thighs to reach the back garter. Andrea stiffened. I 
stopped. And looked up at her. "Did I hurt you," I asked softly?

     Andrea shook her head curtly. "No."

     In that moment, I instantly realized that her schtick wasn't 
an act. She genuinely abhorred the sexual touch of a man. I 
withdrew my hand and stood up, moving around to her back to 
unhook her garter belt. "I think we can get this off all in one 
piece," I said cheerfully, trying to regain our earlier mood. I 
peeled the garterbelt off and pulled it down with her stockings 
still attached. I helped her step out of her stockings and she  -20-2 
smiled at me. She knew I understood. And I knew she knew I knew. 
We showered together, but it was infinitely more hygienic than 
erotic. Andrea soaped my entire body with a washcloth, not her 
hand and when she sudsed my cock and balls and I started to grow 
an uncontrollable boner, she slapped my cock playfully and told 
me to cut it out. Oh, Christ, would that I could. She allowed me 
to wash her back, with a washcloth, of course, but not her 
breasts and certainly not her pussy. 

     When we finished, I padded back to the bedroom while Andrea 
lingered in the bathroom, doing whatever women do in bathrooms so 
long. I was almost finished dressing when she finally came back 
and paused in the door for a moment, watching me. 
     
     "Where are you going," she asked softly?
     
     I turned to Andrea's voice, about to answer when, as she did 
so often to me, nearly took my breath away. She was radiant; a 
vision; an absolute goddamned goddess. Her hair was piled high on 
her head and her freshly scrubbed face glowed angelically. She 
was wearing a tantalizing black lace nightie that hugged every 
curve and nuance of her body denied me. "Jesus Christ," I 
muttered, wanting to cry out of frustration, "how can you keep 
doing this to me?"
     
     Andrea swallowed. "Do what," she asked innocently? "I just 
want to know why you're getting dressed. Aren't you going to 
stay?"

     "Andrea, Andrea," I repeated softly, shaking my head, "I 
can't. Uh-uh, no way. It would not be humanly possible for me to 
get into bed with you and keep my hands to myself, much less my 
dick which has a mind of it's own."

     Andrea lowered her eyes for several moments and then 
silently looked up at me. Her beautiful eyes were clouded and a 
small tear ran down her cheek. She took a deep breath and let it 
out slowly. "Mick," she finally whispered, a subtle, ironic smile 
forming on her lips, "I'm sorry. I can't apologize for who or 
what I am, but I am sorry. I know this is going to sound crazy 
but, you're the best friend I've ever had in my whole, miserable 
life. And I love you, I really do."

     I let my jacket slide out of my hand and I moved across the 
room to her. Hesitating, just a heartbeat, I put my arms around 
her and pulled her close to me, hugging her tightly. "Listen, 
babe," I whispered in her ear, "you want to hear crazy? I love 
you, too. I don't think I've loved anyone as much as I do you."

     "Stay tonight. Please, tell me you'll stay tonight."

     I did. We slept curled up all night on fresh smooth silk 
sheets with her warm, lush, black laced body spooned into mine. 
I never laid a finger on her. And it wasn't easy. In the  -2f-2 
morning we showered and dressed and went to work like Mr. and 
Mrs. America.

     The weeks that followed were sheer hell. We still lunched 
together everyday and occasionally had dinner. And the fun was 
always there. Always. And I was absolutely obsessed with Andrea, 
thinking about her every waking moment. But I went on a fucking 
binge, nailing anything and everything that had a warm cunt and a 
willing disposition. I even fucked a fifty-five year old 
grandmother who lived in my building. And she wasn't half bad. 

     I went to a therapist. She told me that I was obsessed with 
Andrea because I couldn't have her and was punishing myself for 
some deep feelings of guilt I harbored since childhood. She 
recommended I begin intensive psychotherapy and suggested sex 
therapy would be a good idea as well. I ended up fucking my 
therapist right there in her office. She was, as Andrea noted, a 
screamer and scratcher.

     Andrea and I laughed about it as I sat on her bed and she 
tended to the fingernail wounds the therapist inflicted on my 
back. We shared our stories of misery; Andrea confessing that she 
was having casual sex with a few ladies, but it wasn't doing much 
for her. She went back to painting at night. And her work 
reflected her mood. Dark, brooding colors and angular strokes 
where once there was softness and light. In truth, though, the 
work was some of her best.

     It was that night that Andrea proposed an idea that she felt 
might work for both of us. She suggested a third party. I didn't 
immediately warm to that idea; it meant that my chances of making 
love to her, not a surrogate, were really out of the question. 
But Andrea turned on the sell. She knew, intimately, several 
beautiful women who were bisexual. If she could convince them to 
join us, then I would really be making love to her through them.

     "And you don't think you would be remotely jealous watching 
me fuck their brains out," I questioned?

     "How could I possibly be jealous knowing how satisfied you'd 
be," she answered logically. "What do you say, huh, you want to 
try it?"

     I looked at her and grinned. "Okay, but who gets her first? 
I hate sloppy seconds."

CONTINUED: ODD-PT2

--
Archive-name: 3plus/odd-pt2.txt
Archive-author: Mickey Bee
Archive-title: Odd Trio - 2


                         Part Two

     Two nights later, Andrea introduced me to Ginny. She was, as 
Andrea described, absolutely ravishing. We had a long, casual, 
stressless dinner and really hit it off. Through the dimsum and 
the egg drop soup and entree, I enjoyed catching Andrea's eye. 
She would lift an eyebrow, questioningly, nodding her head oh so 
subtly to Ginny. I nodded. She'll do.

     But things didn't quite work out as I had fantasized. Ginny 
much preferred Andrea to me. Opening our second bottle of 
Champagne, we all retired to Andrea's bedroom, Ginny and Andrea 
holding each other's hand, me following behind with the bottle 
and glasses like an annoyed waiter. 

     Out of nothing more than Christian charity, I'm sure, they 
allowed me to watch them make love. Ginny, naked, laid on top,  
while Andrea, wearing her customary delicate lace garterbelt and 
ultrasheer stockings, had her legs wrapped around Ginny's legs 
and her arms wrapped around the redhead's back. And they kissed. 
Deeply. Tenderly. Passionately. Breast to beautiful breast, belly 
to belly, pussy to pussy, they made love slowly and exquisitely, 
unhurried by their rising passions, unmindful of my presence. 
Like a graceful cobra, Ginny's body undulated against Andrea's as 
they kissed, her rigid red nipples flicking across Andrea's, her 
thick, flaming red pubic carpet grinding in slow, deliberate 
circles against Andrea's downy pubes, her long, slender legs 
rubbing sensuously against Andrea's silky smooth stockings.

     Watching them melt together as one body, listening to their 
soft, sexy moans and urgent whimpers, inhaling the erotic aroma 
of their mingling juices, I suddenly realized just how 
presumptuous and incredibly egocentric I was even suggesting to 
Andrea that she may be jealous watching me make love to another 
woman. Because the opposite was certainly true. It was I who was 
jealous, I who was envious. And I who was going to do something 
about it. 

     Determined to be more participant than observer, I quickly 
drained another glass of Champagne and got undressed. By now, 
Ginny had slid down Andrea's body and was feasting on her full 
tits, kissing and nibbling, licking and sucking one of Andrea's 
deliciously sensitive nipples while her fingers squeezed and 
taunted the other one. Although I was not half as aroused as I 
thought I would be watching these two incredibly beautiful women 
pleasuring each other, I wasn't exactly turned off, either.      
 
     Pumping a little more life into the old pecker, I slid into 
bed next to them and let my free hand wander over Ginny's ripe, 
hairy ass. Enviously, I watched as Ginny relentlessly squeezed 
Andrea's porcelain white boob and slowly drew her fleshy rigid 
nipple deep into her mouth. There was no doubt Ginny knew what 
she was doing. Andrea closed her eyes and groaned, lifting her 
hand to lovingly stroke Ginny's thick red hair. 

     "Oh, yes," Andrea moaned, drawing in a deep breath and 
letting it shudder out, "yes, oh, yes, suck them, baby, suck my 
nipples."

     Encouraged, Ginny groaned in response, gathered Andrea's tit 
in both her hands, squeezed her warm, milky globe upwards and 
sunk her teeth into Andrea's throbbing nipple. Andrea screamed 
hoarsely, grabbing a handful of Ginny's hair and pushing her face 
down on her tit. "Oh, shit, yes," Andrea gasped, "yes, baby, bite 
them, bite my nipples, yes, do it."

     If I wasn't completely turned on before, I was now. My cock 
sprang to attention and screamed at me to get busy. Eagerly, I 
slid my hand down Ginny's firm, perspiring ass and my fingers 
invaded her hairy, creamy slit. But although Ginny made no effort 
to pull away, she didn't exactly respond with abandon to my 
intrusive fingers sloshing around in her snatch. She was lost in 
Andrea and I knew it.

     With Andrea's hands guiding her head, Ginny switched tits 
and attacked Andrea's other nipple. That's when I noticed a small 
trickle of blood snaking around Andrea's swollen areola and run 
down the slope of her tit. Alarmed, I quickly glanced up at 
Andrea's face and was instantly mesmerized by her joyful 
expression; her eyes were closed and her beautiful, sensual lips 
fluctuated between a half smile and a half grimace as Ginny 
helped her cross the blurred border between pain and pleasure. 

     And then Ginny moved down to eat her pussy.         

     It was, I admit now, one of the most beautiful sights I had 
ever witnessed. Andrea raised her knees, freely offering to 
Ginny's mouth the source of her femininity. Ginny accepted, 
resting her head between Andrea's soft, raised thighs and began 
slowly, gently, tenderly kissing the moist, aromatic folds of 
Andrea's flared labia. Biting her lip, Andrea moaned softly, 
letting her breath out in a long, staccato sigh. She closed her 
eyes and lowered her hands to Ginny's head, burying her long 
fingers in Ginny's thick, flaming red hair to better guide her 
lover's tongue through the dark, mysterious valley of her 
passions.

     My cock grew as hard as pig iron as I watched Ginny's 
glistening red lips and the tip of her firm, pink tongue slide in 
slow, hypnotic circles around Andrea's receptive cunt. I watched 
the subtle movements of Andrea's hips, rising and falling  
rhythmically against Ginny's hungry mouth. And I was, I suddenly 
realized, incredibly happy. I moved up the bed, closer to 
Andrea's ecstatic, angelic face and gently stroked her long 
blonde hair. Her eyes were still closed as she concentrated on 
the exquisite sensations rising in concentric waves from between 
her legs. Her lips were dry; she licked them. Her breath was 
choppy; she tried to catch it. And her nipples, her long, thick, 
rock-hard crimson nipples pulsated visibly on her flushed, 
perspiring breasts, pulsating in perfect symphony to her 
exhilarating, accelerating heartbeat.    

     Lovingly, I stroked Andrea's hair again and she barely 
turned to me. Her eyes fluttered half open and she momentarily 
smiled at me. Then, drawing a long, labored breath, she turned 
away and again surrendered herself, completely, to the mounting 
insistence of Ginny's penetrating tongue. 

     "How does it feel, Andy? Tell me how it feels," I whispered.

     Andrea groaned loudly, trying to respond, but couldn't catch 
her breath long enough to speak. When she finally found the 
strength and breath, she half turned her head back to me. "Oh, 
God," she gasped, licking her lips, "oh God, Mick, oh, it...it's 
incredible..."

     "Yes, yes, my beautiful baby," I encouraged, "she's so 
beautiful and she's fucking you, Andy, fucking you with her 
sweet, gorgeous tongue."

     "Oh, God, oh, oh, yes, fuck me, fuck me, precious," Andrea 
whimpered the words as her head began thrashing from side to side 
on the soft, silk pillow.

     And then Ginny picked up the chant. As her lips and tongue 
moved in ever quickening circles around Andrea's unbearably 
excited pussy, Ginny groaned loudly, gutturally, animalistically 
and plunged her stiffened tongue deep, deep into Andrea's honey-
dipped tunnel, swirling it madly around Andrea's steamy, 
slippery, exquisitely tight cavern, greedily lapping the sweet, 
fragrant juices freely flowing from the soft tissues buried 
within her.          

     Andrea screamed. Her thighs snapped shut on Ginny's head. 
Her hips rose from the bed and she pushed her pussy up tighter 
against Ginny's mouth as if that movement would propel the other 
woman's rigid tongue deeper into her. Andrea's hands, which had 
been guiding Ginny's head, now went their separate ways; one to 
her nipples, which she squeezed and pulled mercilessly, the other 
to her cunt. Her fingertips sought and found her neglected, 
excruciatingly sensitive clit and began flicking it.

     Watching them, entwined, moving sensually as one, listening 
to their primal, urgent lust sounds, smelling the overpowering 
aroma generated by the incredible sexual intensity these two  
beautiful women conjured in each other's secretions was 
overwhelming me. My swollen balls ached and my stiff cock danced 
and throbbed uncontrollably as if frantically trying to draw my 
attention to it. How desperately I wanted my flesh to join 
theirs, how deeply I resented being excluded from their passions, 
yet, confusing as it was, my gratification seemed somehow 
inexorably bound to Andrea's as she lingered precariously on the 
precipice of ultimate pleasure. 

     My decision was made. Uncomfortable as I was, I moved down 
the bed and, kneeling next to Andrea's gyrating hips, grabbed her 
thighs and gently pried them away from Ginny's head. Through her 
taut black stockings, I could feel the tension in Andrea's smooth 
muscles, I could feel the heat rising from her body and, 
vicariously as it was, I could participate in Andrea's orgiastic 
joy as Ginny's talented mouth sought to administer her coup de 
grace. 

     Released from the suffocating constraints of Andrea's 
thighs, Ginny raised her head momentarily to recover her breath 
and stamina. Her entire face glistened with Andrea's juices and 
for a split second, when her eyes met mine, I read in them an 
understanding and a mutual appreciation of our distinct roles in 
this tableau. 

     But even this instant of neglect was too much for Andrea. 
"No, no, oh God, don't stop, don't stop," she whimpered loudly 
like a child deprived of her favorite toy. "Fuck me, oh, please, 
fuck me."

     And as I regripped Andrea's thighs, prying them further 
apart, Ginny once again lowered her lips to Andrea's. She removed 
Andrea's fingers from her inflamed clitoris and replaced them 
with her own, gently folding back the delicate layer of tissue 
still covering its base and exposing the entire length of her 
glistening, deep pink erection. Andrea's hand immediately 
retreated to her unattended breast and squeezed both of her tits 
together, frantically milking them upwards toward her throbbing 
nipples.   

     Ginny wasted no time picking up where she had stopped. 
Separating Andrea's engorged lips with her fingertips, she drew 
the tip of her stiffened tongue slowly up the entire length of 
Andrea's cleft and flicked the tip of her clit with it. Once, 
twice, three times.

     Again, Andrea screamed. Biting her dry, parched lower lip, 
she valiantly tried to stifle it. What she couldn't stifle were 
the uncontrollably violent shuddering movements of her hips as 
the thousands of overwhelmed nerve fibers centered in her 
clitoris suddenly electrified her entire body. She tried to pull 
away; I held her thighs firmly. But despite my grip, her hips 
continued gyrating wildly, yet, remarkably, Ginny's tongue stayed 
right with her. 
     Groaning deeply, Ginny continued flicking Andrea's clit with 
her tongue while her free hand quickly moved between her own 
legs, through her thick, rich tangle of bright burnt orange pubic 
hair and she began stroking herself in concert to Andrea's 
movements.      

     Instinctively, Ginny knew, as only another woman could know, 
the precise plateau of Andrea's ecstatic tension and what was 
needed to nudge her lover over the indefinable, elastic, synaptic 
line separating her exquisite, gut wrenching torment from mind 
reeling bliss. And armed with her infallible, practiced instinct, 
Ginny's frenzied tongue retreated from Andrea's clit to be 
instantly replaced by her soft, honey coated mouth. Her flushed 
cheeks hollowed and she slowly drew Andrea's pulsating erection 
between her lips and lovingly sucked it into her mouth. As she 
did, Andrea's entire body jerked spasmodically. She groaned 
hoarsely and gutturally as she fought for breath and fought to 
hang on to the last vestige of nerve torturing excitement before 
surrendering to the inevitable ecstatic maelstrom awaiting her 
final consent.   

     But consent was no longer hers to grant. It was Ginny's and 
Ginny was extracting it. Her lips still held Andrea's clit 
captive and I could see her delicate facial muscles twitch 
excitedly as she vibrated the tip of tongue over Andrea's 
inflamed penile button. 

     An instant later, Andrea came.

     Her first orgasm was capitulation, a groaning, sighing, 
whimpering acknowledgement that she could no longer hold back the 
intensely electrifying sensations radiating from deep within her 
womb. Her second orgasm was thunderous. Crying out, fighting 
consciousness itself, her eyes rolled back and her spine 
stiffened, arching and rising from the bed as every muscle in her 
body went rigid, suspended in time, as wave after ecstatic shock 
wave surged through her nerves and coursed through her veins. Her 
body shook and trembled, urging every minute trace of pleasure 
from her limbs.

     "Oh, God, oh, God, no, no, no, oh God," Andrea gasped over 
and over like an hypnotic mantra, a chant that only encouraged 
Ginny to inflict still more, heightened pleasures.

     Literally panting, Ginny quickly lifted her sopping face 
from between Andrea's thighs, withdrew her drenched hand from 
between her legs and painted Andrea's gaping, sensitive labia 
with own juices. Again Andrea's entire body shuddered and Ginny 
smiled.

     "Now my beautiful lover," Ginny gasped, "now, baby, now I'm 
really going to make you cum." 

     "Yes, yes, lovey, yes..." 
     I knew what was coming. Quickly repositioning myself, I 
reached under Andrea's suspended body and gripped her tight 
buttocks, separating her cheeks as I lifted her higher off the 
bed. Ginny cast a quick, appreciative look to me and, turning all 
of her attention back to Andrea, positioned her shiny middle 
finger against Andrea's tiny pink sphincter. Teasingly, she 
painted it with her own sweet lubricants and then, without the 
slightest hesitation, eased her perfectly manicured fingertip 
into Andrea's willing asshole. 

     Whimpering uncontrollably, Andrea squeezed her eyes shut and 
lost every trace of breath in her lungs as Ginny slowly, 
excruciatingly slowly, eased her long, tapered finger into her 
tight rear canal. I watched, breathlessly, fascinated, as she 
just as slowly withdrew the one finger and reinserted two. The 
two then became three, mercilessly stretching Andrea's tiny hole 
as her fingers bored deeper and deeper into her while her 
thumb barely flicked Andrea's elongated, pulsing clitoris.   

     "Oh, God..." Andrea screamed, "Fuck me...FUCK ME!!!" 

     I don't know how she did it, but Andrea suddenly shot 
upright, her hands lashed out, grabbing Ginny's hair and 
viciously pulled Ginny's head down to her pussy. With three 
fingers plunging in and out of her ass and her thumb burrowing 
into her tunnel, Ginny went wild, licking, lapping, sucking, 
eating Andrea's cunt with complete animal abandon. 

     Still clinging to Ginny's long hair, Andrea fell back on the 
bed, screaming, crying, whimpering, thrashing around with equal 
abandon until, a moment later, her body stiffened again, wracked 
by one tremendous orgasm after another. 

     When the last spasm finally subsided, her body went limp and 
tears flooded her eyes. They ran in graceful rivulets down her 
cheeks and I felt like crying with her. I gently lowered her 
buttocks back down on the bed and Ginny gently withdrew her face 
and fingers from her lover and looked up at her. Smiling. Tears 
of empathetic joy filling her eyes, too. 

     Andrea tugged gently on Ginny's hair, urging her forward and 
Ginny eagerly complied. Still kneeling between Andrea's thighs, 
she inched forward and laid down on top of her. Belly to belly, 
breast to breast, Andrea wrapped her long legs around Ginny's and 
her arms encircled the other woman's sweat soaked back. Then, 
between their equally labored breaths, their lips slowly merged,
their tongues sought one another's and they kissed lovingly.     

     I, quite literally, was odd man out. I probably should have 
beaten a hasty, polite retreat at that point, but fool that I was, 
I instead moved back up the bed and watched Andrea tenderly lick 
her fragrant juices from Ginny's face. As I watched them, slowly 
stroking my panicked prick, Andrea spotted me out of the corner 
of her eye and, easing her lips away from Ginny's, turned her   
head toward me. She slid her hand from Ginny's back, groped for 
my hand and, finding it, she squeezed it hard.        

     "Hi," she whispered, barely audibly, and smiled so fucking 
delightfully at me.

     "Hi, yourself," I smiled back, "was it good for you, too?"

     Still breathing hard, Andrea laughed her cute, tinkling 
laugh and Ginny turned to me, too, resting her cheek on Andrea's 
and shared our joke. 

     "So glad you could join us, Mick," Ginny teased. She glanced 
down at my stiff friend in my hand and I knew she wanted to laugh 
at my condition. "Oh," she chided playfully, "and look at your 
poor little cock. All dressed up and no place to go."     

     "Fuck you," I laughed back, only half joking, but the words 
were barely out of my mouth as Ginny reached out and drew her 
fingernails over my swollen, incredibly sensitive glans. I nearly 
jumped out of my skin.

     "Ooooo, sensitive little bugger, isn't it," Ginny continued 
teasing.

     "Watch what you're calling 'little'," I shot back, "we're 
talking ten inches of dangling death here."

     "In your dreams, sailor."

     Still stroking Ginny's long, lush hair, Andrea laughed. 
"Will you two cut it out."

     Ginny smiled again and, raising herself up slightly from 
Andrea's equally sweat soaked body, reached for my knob again. I 
jerked away, grabbing her wrist just inches from my dick. "Oh, 
come on," she chided, "I just want to apologize to the little 
man."
     
     "You bitch," I grinned, finally releasing her wrist and 
edging back toward her waiting fingers. "Don't you just wish you 
had one as nice?"

     Ginny's fingers slowly encircled my cock, but her face and 
eyes went back to Andrea. "Only to fuck this beautiful creature," 
she whispered to Andrea and kissed her gently on her closed 
mouth.

     "Well in that case, you can always use mine," I volunteered, 
"I don't mind, really. It's the least I can do."

     Andrea smiled broadly beneath Ginny's lips. "Don't start, 
Mick."
 
     "So who's starting," I replied innocently. "My life's motto 
has always been, why let a good hardon go to waste?"

     Andrea looked at me with that now familiar glint in her eye. 
She squeezed my hand and then suddenly withdrew hers, placing it 
on the soft underside of Ginny's pendulous breast. "Yeah," she 
agreed softly, "why let a perfectly good hardon go to waste?"      

     Andrea's hand moved to the top of Ginny's breast and the tip 
of her forefinger casually outlined the redhead's puffy areola. 
In response, Ginny squeezed my cock harder. It felt great. She 
closed her eyes and smiled, concentrating on the feeling of 
Andrea's light touch traipsing around her nipple. "Yeah," she 
finally breathed, "that's what I always say, too." 

     Shifting slightly, Andrea lowered her hand to her own breast 
and pushing it up, touched her still rigid nipple to Ginny's, 
drawing it around her areola in slow, tender circles as she had 
done with her finger. Andrea continued to entrance the other 
woman's nipple with her own and Ginny began to stroke my angry 
monster with some sincerity. Drawing a breath, she half opened 
one eye and looked at me. "I have two tits, you know," she 
grinned, closing her eye again.

     "You have enough for four," I reminded her. 

     Grinning, Ginny roughly tweaked my cock and I yelped despite 
myself. 

     Reluctantly, I withdrew my exasperated pole from her hand 
and eased myself up. Gently grabbing Ginny's shoulders, I lifted 
her from Andrea's body and, even more gently, rolled her on her 
back between us. Her long, thick red hair and large hoop earrings 
framed her face perfectly on the pillow and, although I never 
thought her quite as beautiful as Andrea, Ginny was certainly a 
striking woman with a full, incredibly sexy figure.

     For the first time in what must have been hours, Andrea was 
now able to shift her body and flex her long, stocking clad legs. 
I could tell by the way she moved that her muscles were stiff and 
sore and I made a mental note to offer her, later, what I was 
sure would be a strictly therapeutic massage. But at this moment, 
the only therapeutic massage I was interested in was the one 
Ginny could give my swollen tube still dancing between my legs.

     Flat on her back between Andrea and me, Ginny pulled us in 
and we both made love to her. We kissed her, alternately and 
simultaneously, sharing her soft, full lips and warm sweet 
tongue. Our tongues mingled with Ginny's and, occasionally, with 
each others. To my surprise and encouragement, Andrea didn't seem 
to mind. There was hope yet, I thought.

     Propelled by Ginny's subtle movements, our hands each found 
one of her delightfully freckled breasts, Andrea the right, me   
the left, and we squeezed and kneaded her warm, resilient flesh 
in unison. Ginny's nipples, although not half as long nor quite 
as thick as Andrea's, seemed to constrict upwards and darken in 
color as they responded to our fingers. 

     Andrea and I quickly learned that Ginny made the most 
delightful love sounds when she was on the receiving end of 
sexual excitement. The degree of pleasure she was feeling was 
instantly echoed by a sexy "hmmmmming" sound she produced deep in 
her throat. The pitch, depth and length of her "hmmmmmm" 
indicated the exact intensity of her arousal. Later, we would 
learn, her "hmmmms" would become "ahhhhhs" and her "ahhhhhs" 
would become "ohhhhhs" as she crossed each threshold of ever 
mounting joy.

     I left Ginny's lips to Andrea and moved down to kiss and 
suck her sensitive tit. Her hand moved with me, gently guiding my 
head, then continuing down her smooth, firm body, ultimately 
disappearing between her parted legs. Squeezing her very generous 
tit between both my hands, I trailed the tip of my tongue around 
her deep pink areola, circling in closer to her nipple and 
finally sucking it in firmly between my lips. 

     Ginny liked it. She groaned, "hmmmmm," deeply into Andrea's 
mouth, urging both of us on.       

     The feeling of Ginny's responsive, slightly salty nipple in 
my mouth was wonderful. Listening to her "hmmmmms" of pleasure, 
my fingers continued to knead and squeeze her soft, damp tit in 
subtle upward milking motions as I swirled my tongue around her 
rigid bud, sucking and licking it slowly, unhurriedly, deriving 
as much pleasure from it as I hoped I imparted. A few moments 
later, Andrea's face joined mine at Ginny's breast and she smiled 
at me. I released my lip lock on Ginny's nipple and, still 
milking her tit, offered her white-tipped nipple to Andrea's 
waiting lips. Then, like two high school sweethearts sharing our 
first single soda straw, we alternated sucking on Ginny's turgid 
nipple, switching breasts after a few minutes and sucking on the 
other.  

     "Hmmmmmm, hmmmmmm, hmmmmmm," Ginny groaned. Her hand, still 
busy between her legs, began to pick up pace while her other hand 
gently urged Andrea's head to move down her body.  

     But this time I was not about to be denied. As I continued 
roughly fondling Ginny's tits, I stretched out lengthwise on the 
bed and pressed by body against her side. The feel of her soft, 
warm, moist skin against my dick was immediately gratifying, but 
I wasn't going to settle for a little frottage, I wanted in. Some 
place. Any place. Desperately. Andrea took hold of Ginny's hand 
and gently lifted it away from her pussy, replacing it with her 
own long fingers and stroked Ginny's slit with the same practiced 
mastubatory rhythms. 
 -2f-2 
     "Hmmmmm, hmmmmm, hmmmmm, hmmmmm," Ginny groaned, the sound 
high pitched and stacatto as Andrea's fingers moved deftly in and 
out of her delicate folds.  

     Then, looking at me and smiling, Andrea lifted Ginny's 
drenched hand to her mouth and seductively licked her fingers 
clean of every thick morsel of Ginny's heady honey.

     "You bitch," I moaned, jealously watching Andrea's tongue 
corkscrew around Ginny's glistening fingers.

     Andrea smiled. When she was through vacuuming Ginny's hand, 
she placed the hand firmly on her own breast and Ginny's fingers 
immediately sought her nipple. And then something remarkable 
happened. As if clearly reading my mind and gauging my desires, 
Andrea withdrew her sopping fingers from Ginny's snatch and, 
reaching across her, brushed the delicious juices over my lips. 

     That was all the invitation I needed. Rising up, I quickly 
grabbed Ginny's hips, pulling her away from Andrea. "I'm going 
to fuck you, bitch," I grunted to Ginny, "I'm going to fuck you 
till you scream for mercy." And far more roughly than I intended, 
I turned Ginny over and yanked her hips up into a kneeling 
position, securing her firm, rounded ass in front of me. I slid
my hand down Ginny's smooth ass to her drenched, steaming, hair-
matted pussy and squeezed her lips. Obligingly, Ginny parted her 
thighs for me as she repositioned herself, arching her back like
a sensuous supple cat as she lowered her face to the silk pillow. 

     Out of the corner of my eye I glimpsed Andrea's approving 
smile as she slid slightly away from Ginny, relinquishing the 
redhead entirely to me for my own selfish gratification. And, 
believe me, I wasted no time seeking the gratification long 
denied me. Quickly, I moved up behind Ginny, guiding my 
throbbing steel shaft down the crack of her firm ass to her 
eager, waiting cunt. 

     But Ginny was even more impatient than I was. Her hand shot
up from between her legs, grabbing my cock, pulling it, guiding 
it into the hot, wet, swollen folds of her excited cunt. "Come
on, you cocksucker," she hissed between tense, short breaths, 
"fuck me, fuck me!" She positioned my throbbing cockhead against
her waiting hole and, grabbing her hips, I plunged my raging 
prick into her in one, swift, violent thrust of my hips.

     Ginny screamed, then gasped, as I pulled out and thrust 
again. Deeper. Harder. Again I pulled out. Again Ginny gasped. 
And again I plunged my pig-iron cock into her, my stomach 
smashing against her ass with each thrust. I released her hips 
and bent down over her, grabbing handfuls of her balloon like
tits. I squeezed and kneaded her soft, firm fleshy mounds as I 
continued fucking her from behind with all the strength and 
stamina I could muster.    
 
     As Ginny groaned deeper and louder with each thrust of my
mindless cock, I glanced up at Andrea. She was at the edge of the 
bed, legs spread, furiously masturbating. I was sweating like a 
stuck pig, barely able to catch my breath, but the sight of 
Andrea's fingers dancing over her clit made me smile. Through 
half shut eyes, Andrea smiled back. I flicked my head toward her 
and, as always, she immediately understood. In unison, as I 
pulled Ginny's body up by her tits and repositioned her, Andrea,
on her back, slid under her. Still holding Ginny's tits, I slowly 
lowered her engorged, flaming nipple into Andrea's waiting lips 
and watched as she sucked it deep into her mouth.

     I could feel my balls tighten. I was going to cum. But that 
was the last thing I wanted just then. I gritted my teeth, 
fighting it, trying every trick I knew to stay my synapses from 
their inevitable, blissful, mind-numbing explosion. But my 
willpower was slipping away with each cock thrust into Ginny's 
tight, grasping hole. So I pulled out. Glistening in the 
lamplight, my drenched pole danced and twitched, begging for 
relief.

     "No, no, you cocksucking asshole," Ginny moaned, trying 
to gulp air into her fiery lungs, "don't stop, don't stop!" 

     "You want to fuck," I gasped, "this is how you fuck!" And,
grabbing her hips firmly, I raised myself up and pressed the 
smooth, shiny, bulbous head of my extraordinarily eager prick 
against the purple-pink sphincter of her tiny asshole. 
       
     "No, not that way," Ginny gasped, "not my asshole, you 
motherfucker, not that way." But her protest only fueled my 
desire. I looped one arm under her bent waist and held her 
firmly as my other hand slowly eased my cock into her 
reluctant back road. Ginny tried to squirm away, but I held
her tighter, pressing my prickhead harder against her unwilling
hole. As she gasped again, her sphincter muscles involuntarily
surrendered and I finally succeeded invading her asshole. 
Quarter inch by quarter inch, I squeezed my throbbing cock 
deeper into her, each quarter inch coaxing longer, louder, 
more demanding groans from Ginny. Her incredibly tight asshole 
gripped and squeezed my cock every inch of the way, heightening 
the already indescribable sensations flooding my swirling brain.
I had to have it all. Almost unconsciously, I withdrew, 
slightly, gathered my strength, then thrust into her all the 
way, my heavy balls slapping against her gushing pussy.

     Ginny screamed. Loudly. Her body bolted up against the
invasion of my fat prick all the way up her tiny asshole. But I
held on. She plunged down again into Andrea, wiggling and 
bucking and gyrating her ass against me. And I fucked her. Hard.
My cock plunging up her ass with each violent thrust of my hips,
my balls slapping and slamming rhythmically against her cunt.    

     As I furiously fucked Ginny's ass, Andrea, my sweet, sweet   
Andrea, not about to let an opportunity like this go to waste, 
twisted her body beneath us, sliding her beautiful face between 
Ginny's thighs and began licking and sucking the redhead's pussy. 
Ginny, responded immediately, gasping and groaning, she lowered 
her body down to Andrea's, her mouth seeking and finding 
Andrea's willing cunt.    
 
     When God created fucking, this is what he had in mind.

     The smell of them enveloped me. The sound of their mutual 
cunt lapping and their mingled gasps and grunts, cries and 
whimpers excited me beyond any fantasy. The sight of their 
perfect bodies entwined in uninhibited, lustful, inverted 
lovemaking fueled a frenzy in me I had never before experienced. 
And my cock, my patient, obedient cock, grasped and squeezed 
mercilessly by each screaming thrust into Ginny's velvety tight 
asshole -- my cock came to the verge -- and I knew I had to
finally surrender.

     Panting like an animal, fighting, fighting, my hips reared
back, I grabbed Ginny's body, plunging into her hole with all 
my strength. Ginny pushed back, meeting my thrust, challenging
me. Then, slamming my eyes shut, gasping for air, my entire 
body stiffened and my balls erupted, wracking my body and brain
simultaneously as I came like an explosion. Instantaneously, my 
cock regrouped, convulsed, and I shot another salvo of hot cum 
deep into Ginny's receptive ass. I could feel her rectal muscles 
grasp me, milk me, urge my cock to shoot again. And I did. And 
as I did, she did, too. 

     With Andrea's lips locked on her clit, Ginny suddenly
stiffened upright, holding the tension, holding it, holding it 
and then, her body shaking and shuddering uncontrollably, she 
came, screaming and gasping in the same breath. Andrea's arms
encircled her hips, pulling her dripping pussy back down to her 
hungry mouth. But Ginny couldn't take any more. She jerked her
pussy away from Andrea and, as she did, my cock squished out from
her asshole, falling, like a wounded soldier into Andrea's sweat-
soaked hair. I left it there, feeling the warm softness of her
rich blonde hair against my cum coated cock. If Andrea noticed,
she didn't say anything. And we all just smiled the mindless,
blissful, wordless smile of satisfied lovers.

     It seemed like forever until we could all catch our breaths. 
When we did, we slowly, painfully, jokingly repositioned our 
spent bodies on our backs, lengthwise along the bed. It came as 
no surprise to me that Ginny was in the middle, separating me 
from Andrea. 

     Giggling, Ginny turned her head to Andrea and they kissed 
lightly. Then Ginny turned her head to me and we kissed, too. I 
thought I could taste Andrea's lips on Ginny, but it was probably 
only my imagination. And I wondered, lying there, I wondered 
when would I taste her for myself. 
     We snuggled closer. Andrea shifted and raised her hand to
Ginny's perspiring breast. I did the same with Ginny's other
breast. Then slowly, I moved my hand across to Andrea's. And she
didn't pull away. Maybe there was hope yet.
      
To be continued...
--
                         ODD TRIO

                            by

                        Mickey Bee


                         Part Two

     Two nights later, Andrea introduced me to Ginny. She was, as 
Andrea described, absolutely ravishing. We had a long, casual, 
stressless dinner and really hit it off. Through the dimsum and 
the egg drop soup and entree, I enjoyed catching Andrea's eye. 
She would lift an eyebrow, questioningly, nodding her head oh so 
subtly to Ginny. I nodded. She'll do.

     But things didn't quite work out as I had fantasized. Ginny 
much preferred Andrea to me. Opening our second bottle of 
Champagne, we all retired to Andrea's bedroom, Ginny and Andrea 
holding each other's hand, me following behind with the bottle 
and glasses like an annoyed waiter. 

     Out of nothing more than Christian charity, I'm sure, they 
allowed me to watch them make love. Ginny, naked, laid on top,  
while Andrea, wearing her customary delicate lace garterbelt and 
ultrasheer stockings, had her legs wrapped around Ginny's legs 
and her arms wrapped around the redhead's back. And they kissed. 
Deeply. Tenderly. Passionately. Breast to beautiful breast, belly 
to belly, pussy to pussy, they made love slowly and exquisitely, 
unhurried by their rising passions, unmindful of my presence. 
Like a graceful cobra, Ginny's body undulated against Andrea's as 
they kissed, her rigid red nipples flicking across Andrea's, her 
thick, flaming red pubic carpet grinding in slow, deliberate 
circles against Andrea's downy pubes, her long, slender legs 
rubbing sensuously against Andrea's silky smooth stockings.

     Watching them melt together as one body, listening to their 
soft, sexy moans and urgent whimpers, inhaling the erotic aroma 
of their mingling juices, I suddenly realized just how 
presumptuous and incredibly egocentric I was even suggesting to 
Andrea that she may be jealous watching me make love to another 
woman. Because the opposite was certainly true. It was I who was 
jealous, I who was envious. And I who was going to do something 
about it. 

     Determined to be more participant than observer, I quickly 
drained another glass of Champagne and got undressed. By now, 
Ginny had slid down Andrea's body and was feasting on her full 
tits, kissing and nibbling, licking and sucking one of Andrea's 
deliciously sensitive nipples while her fingers squeezed and 
taunted the other one. Although I was not half as aroused as I 
thought I would be watching these two incredibly beautiful women 
pleasuring each other, I wasn't exactly turned off, either.      
 -26-2 
     Pumping a little more life into the old pecker, I slid into 
bed next to them and let my free hand wander over Ginny's ripe, 
hairy ass. Enviously, I watched as Ginny relentlessly squeezed 
Andrea's porcelain white boob and slowly drew her fleshy rigid 
nipple deep into her mouth. There was no doubt Ginny knew what 
she was doing. Andrea closed her eyes and groaned, lifting her 
hand to lovingly stroke Ginny's thick red hair. 

     "Oh, yes," Andrea moaned, drawing in a deep breath and 
letting it shudder out, "yes, oh, yes, suck them, baby, suck my 
nipples."

     Encouraged, Ginny groaned in response, gathered Andrea's tit 
in both her hands, squeezed her warm, milky globe upwards and 
sunk her teeth into Andrea's throbbing nipple. Andrea screamed 
hoarsely, grabbing a handful of Ginny's hair and pushing her face 
down on her tit. "Oh, shit, yes," Andrea gasped, "yes, baby, bite 
them, bite my nipples, yes, do it."

     If I wasn't completely turned on before, I was now. My cock 
sprang to attention and screamed at me to get busy. Eagerly, I 
slid my hand down Ginny's firm, perspiring ass and my fingers 
invaded her hairy, creamy slit. But although Ginny made no effort 
to pull away, she didn't exactly respond with abandon to my 
intrusive fingers sloshing around in her snatch. She was lost in 
Andrea and I knew it.

     With Andrea's hands guiding her head, Ginny switched tits 
and attacked Andrea's other nipple. That's when I noticed a small 
trickle of blood snaking around Andrea's swollen areola and run 
down the slope of her tit. Alarmed, I quickly glanced up at 
Andrea's face and was instantly mesmerized by her joyful 
expression; her eyes were closed and her beautiful, sensual lips 
fluctuated between a half smile and a half grimace as Ginny 
helped her cross the blurred border between pain and pleasure. 

     And then Ginny moved down to eat her pussy.         

     It was, I admit now, one of the most beautiful sights I had 
ever witnessed. Andrea raised her knees, freely offering to 
Ginny's mouth the source of her femininity. Ginny accepted, 
resting her head between Andrea's soft, raised thighs and began 
slowly, gently, tenderly kissing the moist, aromatic folds of 
Andrea's flared labia. Biting her lip, Andrea moaned softly, 
letting her breath out in a long, staccato sigh. She closed her 
eyes and lowered her hands to Ginny's head, burying her long 
fingers in Ginny's thick, flaming red hair to better guide her 
lover's tongue through the dark, mysterious valley of her 
passions.

     My cock grew as hard as pig iron as I watched Ginny's 
glistening red lips and the tip of her firm, pink tongue slide in 
slow, hypnotic circles around Andrea's receptive cunt. I watched 
the subtle movements of Andrea's hips, rising and falling  -2l-2 
rhythmically against Ginny's hungry mouth. And I was, I suddenly 
realized, incredibly happy. I moved up the bed, closer to 
Andrea's ecstatic, angelic face and gently stroked her long 
blonde hair. Her eyes were still closed as she concentrated on 
the exquisite sensations rising in concentric waves from between 
her legs. Her lips were dry; she licked them. Her breath was 
choppy; she tried to catch it. And her nipples, her long, thick, 
rock-hard crimson nipples pulsated visibly on her flushed, 
perspiring breasts, pulsating in perfect symphony to her 
exhilarating, accelerating heartbeat.    

     Lovingly, I stroked Andrea's hair again and she barely 
turned to me. Her eyes fluttered half open and she momentarily 
smiled at me. Then, drawing a long, labored breath, she turned 
away and again surrendered herself, completely, to the mounting 
insistence of Ginny's penetrating tongue. 

     "How does it feel, Andy? Tell me how it feels," I whispered.

     Andrea groaned loudly, trying to respond, but couldn't catch 
her breath long enough to speak. When she finally found the 
strength and breath, she half turned her head back to me. "Oh, 
God," she gasped, licking her lips, "oh God, Mick, oh, it...it's 
incredible..."

     "Yes, yes, my beautiful baby," I encouraged, "she's so 
beautiful and she's fucking you, Andy, fucking you with her 
sweet, gorgeous tongue."

     "Oh, God, oh, oh, yes, fuck me, fuck me, precious," Andrea 
whimpered the words as her head began thrashing from side to side 
on the soft, silk pillow.

     And then Ginny picked up the chant. As her lips and tongue 
moved in ever quickening circles around Andrea's unbearably 
excited pussy, Ginny groaned loudly, gutturally, animalistically 
and plunged her stiffened tongue deep, deep into Andrea's honey-
dipped tunnel, swirling it madly around Andrea's steamy, 
slippery, exquisitely tight cavern, greedily lapping the sweet, 
fragrant juices freely flowing from the soft tissues buried 
within her.          

     Andrea screamed. Her thighs snapped shut on Ginny's head. 
Her hips rose from the bed and she pushed her pussy up tighter 
against Ginny's mouth as if that movement would propel the other 
woman's rigid tongue deeper into her. Andrea's hands, which had 
been guiding Ginny's head, now went their separate ways; one to 
her nipples, which she squeezed and pulled mercilessly, the other 
to her cunt. Her fingertips sought and found her neglected, 
excruciatingly sensitive clit and began flicking it.

     Watching them, entwined, moving sensually as one, listening 
to their primal, urgent lust sounds, smelling the overpowering 
aroma generated by the incredible sexual intensity these two  -2"-2 
beautiful women conjured in each other's secretions was 
overwhelming me. My swollen balls ached and my stiff cock danced 
and throbbed uncontrollably as if frantically trying to draw my 
attention to it. How desperately I wanted my flesh to join 
theirs, how deeply I resented being excluded from their passions, 
yet, confusing as it was, my gratification seemed somehow 
inexorably bound to Andrea's as she lingered precariously on the 
precipice of ultimate pleasure. 

     My decision was made. Uncomfortable as I was, I moved down 
the bed and, kneeling next to Andrea's gyrating hips, grabbed her 
thighs and gently pried them away from Ginny's head. Through her 
taut black stockings, I could feel the tension in Andrea's smooth 
muscles, I could feel the heat rising from her body and, 
vicariously as it was, I could participate in Andrea's orgiastic 
joy as Ginny's talented mouth sought to administer her coup de 
grace. 

     Released from the suffocating constraints of Andrea's 
thighs, Ginny raised her head momentarily to recover her breath 
and stamina. Her entire face glistened with Andrea's juices and 
for a split second, when her eyes met mine, I read in them an 
understanding and a mutual appreciation of our distinct roles in 
this tableau. 

     But even this instant of neglect was too much for Andrea. 
"No, no, oh God, don't stop, don't stop," she whimpered loudly 
like a child deprived of her favorite toy. "Fuck me, oh, please, 
fuck me."

     And as I regripped Andrea's thighs, prying them further 
apart, Ginny once again lowered her lips to Andrea's. She removed 
Andrea's fingers from her inflamed clitoris and replaced them 
with her own, gently folding back the delicate layer of tissue 
still covering its base and exposing the entire length of her 
glistening, deep pink erection. Andrea's hand immediately 
retreated to her unattended breast and squeezed both of her tits 
together, frantically milking them upwards toward her throbbing 
nipples.   

     Ginny wasted no time picking up where she had stopped. 
Separating Andrea's engorged lips with her fingertips, she drew 
the tip of her stiffened tongue slowly up the entire length of 
Andrea's cleft and flicked the tip of her clit with it. Once, 
twice, three times.

     Again, Andrea screamed. Biting her dry, parched lower lip, 
she valiantly tried to stifle it. What she couldn't stifle were 
the uncontrollably violent shuddering movements of her hips as 
the thousands of overwhelmed nerve fibers centered in her 
clitoris suddenly electrified her entire body. She tried to pull 
away; I held her thighs firmly. But despite my grip, her hips 
continued gyrating wildly, yet, remarkably, Ginny's tongue stayed 
right with her. -2X-2 
     Groaning deeply, Ginny continued flicking Andrea's clit with 
her tongue while her free hand quickly moved between her own 
legs, through her thick, rich tangle of bright burnt orange pubic 
hair and she began stroking herself in concert to Andrea's 
movements.      

     Instinctively, Ginny knew, as only another woman could know, 
the precise plateau of Andrea's ecstatic tension and what was 
needed to nudge her lover over the indefinable, elastic, synaptic 
line separating her exquisite, gut wrenching torment from mind 
reeling bliss. And armed with her infallible, practiced instinct, 
Ginny's frenzied tongue retreated from Andrea's clit to be 
instantly replaced by her soft, honey coated mouth. Her flushed 
cheeks hollowed and she slowly drew Andrea's pulsating erection 
between her lips and lovingly sucked it into her mouth. As she 
did, Andrea's entire body jerked spasmodically. She groaned 
hoarsely and gutturally as she fought for breath and fought to 
hang on to the last vestige of nerve torturing excitement before 
surrendering to the inevitable ecstatic maelstrom awaiting her 
final consent.   

     But consent was no longer hers to grant. It was Ginny's and 
Ginny was extracting it. Her lips still held Andrea's clit 
captive and I could see her delicate facial muscles twitch 
excitedly as she vibrated the tip of tongue over Andrea's 
inflamed penile button. 

     An instant later, Andrea came.

     Her first orgasm was capitulation, a groaning, sighing, 
whimpering acknowledgement that she could no longer hold back the 
intensely electrifying sensations radiating from deep within her 
womb. Her second orgasm was thunderous. Crying out, fighting 
consciousness itself, her eyes rolled back and her spine 
stiffened, arching and rising from the bed as every muscle in her 
body went rigid, suspended in time, as wave after ecstatic shock 
wave surged through her nerves and coursed through her veins. Her 
body shook and trembled, urging every minute trace of pleasure 
from her limbs.

     "Oh, God, oh, God, no, no, no, oh God," Andrea gasped over 
and over like an hypnotic mantra, a chant that only encouraged 
Ginny to inflict still more, heightened pleasures.

     Literally panting, Ginny quickly lifted her sopping face 
from between Andrea's thighs, withdrew her drenched hand from 
between her legs and painted Andrea's gaping, sensitive labia 
with own juices. Again Andrea's entire body shuddered and Ginny 
smiled.

     "Now my beautiful lover," Ginny gasped, "now, baby, now I'm 
really going to make you cum." 

     "Yes, yes, lovey, yes..." -2-2 
     I knew what was coming. Quickly repositioning myself, I 
reached under Andrea's suspended body and gripped her tight 
buttocks, separating her cheeks as I lifted her higher off the 
bed. Ginny cast a quick, appreciative look to me and, turning all 
of her attention back to Andrea, positioned her shiny middle 
finger against Andrea's tiny pink sphincter. Teasingly, she 
painted it with her own sweet lubricants and then, without the 
slightest hesitation, eased her perfectly manicured fingertip 
into Andrea's willing asshole. 

     Whimpering uncontrollably, Andrea squeezed her eyes shut and 
lost every trace of breath in her lungs as Ginny slowly, 
excruciatingly slowly, eased her long, tapered finger into her 
tight rear canal. I watched, breathlessly, fascinated, as she 
just as slowly withdrew the one finger and reinserted two. The 
two then became three, mercilessly stretching Andrea's tiny hole 
as her fingers bored deeper and deeper into her while her 
thumb barely flicked Andrea's elongated, pulsing clitoris.   

     "Oh, God..." Andrea screamed, "Fuck me...FUCK ME!!!" 

     I don't know how she did it, but Andrea suddenly shot 
upright, her hands lashed out, grabbing Ginny's hair and 
viciously pulled Ginny's head down to her pussy. With three 
fingers plunging in and out of her ass and her thumb burrowing 
into her tunnel, Ginny went wild, licking, lapping, sucking, 
eating Andrea's cunt with complete animal abandon. 

     Still clinging to Ginny's long hair, Andrea fell back on the 
bed, screaming, crying, whimpering, thrashing around with equal 
abandon until, a moment later, her body stiffened again, wracked 
by one tremendous orgasm after another. 

     When the last spasm finally subsided, her body went limp and 
tears flooded her eyes. They ran in graceful rivulets down her 
cheeks and I felt like crying with her. I gently lowered her 
buttocks back down on the bed and Ginny gently withdrew her face 
and fingers from her lover and looked up at her. Smiling. Tears 
of empathetic joy filling her eyes, too. 

     Andrea tugged gently on Ginny's hair, urging her forward and 
Ginny eagerly complied. Still kneeling between Andrea's thighs, 
she inched forward and laid down on top of her. Belly to belly, 
breast to breast, Andrea wrapped her long legs around Ginny's and 
her arms encircled the other woman's sweat soaked back. Then, 
between their equally labored breaths, their lips slowly merged,
their tongues sought one another's and they kissed lovingly.     

     I, quite literally, was odd man out. I probably should have 
beaten a hasty, polite retreat at that point, but fool that I was, 
I instead moved back up the bed and watched Andrea tenderly lick 
her fragrant juices from Ginny's face. As I watched them, slowly 
stroking my panicked prick, Andrea spotted me out of the corner 
of her eye and, easing her lips away from Ginny's, turned her  -2D-2 
head toward me. She slid her hand from Ginny's back, groped for 
my hand and, finding it, she squeezed it hard.        

     "Hi," she whispered, barely audibly, and smiled so fucking 
delightfully at me.

     "Hi, yourself," I smiled back, "was it good for you, too?"

     Still breathing hard, Andrea laughed her cute, tinkling 
laugh and Ginny turned to me, too, resting her cheek on Andrea's 
and shared our joke. 

     "So glad you could join us, Mick," Ginny teased. She glanced 
down at my stiff friend in my hand and I knew she wanted to laugh 
at my condition. "Oh," she chided playfully, "and look at your 
poor little cock. All dressed up and no place to go."     

     "Fuck you," I laughed back, only half joking, but the words 
were barely out of my mouth as Ginny reached out and drew her 
fingernails over my swollen, incredibly sensitive glans. I nearly 
jumped out of my skin.

     "Ooooo, sensitive little bugger, isn't it," Ginny continued 
teasing.

     "Watch what you're calling 'little'," I shot back, "we're 
talking ten inches of dangling death here."

     "In your dreams, sailor."

     Still stroking Ginny's long, lush hair, Andrea laughed. 
"Will you two cut it out."

     Ginny smiled again and, raising herself up slightly from 
Andrea's equally sweat soaked body, reached for my knob again. I 
jerked away, grabbing her wrist just inches from my dick. "Oh, 
come on," she chided, "I just want to apologize to the little 
man."
     
     "You bitch," I grinned, finally releasing her wrist and 
edging back toward her waiting fingers. "Don't you just wish you 
had one as nice?"

     Ginny's fingers slowly encircled my cock, but her face and 
eyes went back to Andrea. "Only to fuck this beautiful creature," 
she whispered to Andrea and kissed her gently on her closed 
mouth.

     "Well in that case, you can always use mine," I volunteered, 
"I don't mind, really. It's the least I can do."

     Andrea smiled broadly beneath Ginny's lips. "Don't start, 
Mick."
 -2z-2 
     "So who's starting," I replied innocently. "My life's motto 
has always been, why let a good hardon go to waste?"

     Andrea looked at me with that now familiar glint in her eye. 
She squeezed my hand and then suddenly withdrew hers, placing it 
on the soft underside of Ginny's pendulous breast. "Yeah," she 
agreed softly, "why let a perfectly good hardon go to waste?"      

     Andrea's hand moved to the top of Ginny's breast and the tip 
of her forefinger casually outlined the redhead's puffy areola. 
In response, Ginny squeezed my cock harder. It felt great. She 
closed her eyes and smiled, concentrating on the feeling of 
Andrea's light touch traipsing around her nipple. "Yeah," she 
finally breathed, "that's what I always say, too." 

     Shifting slightly, Andrea lowered her hand to her own breast 
and pushing it up, touched her still rigid nipple to Ginny's, 
drawing it around her areola in slow, tender circles as she had 
done with her finger. Andrea continued to entrance the other 
woman's nipple with her own and Ginny began to stroke my angry 
monster with some sincerity. Drawing a breath, she half opened 
one eye and looked at me. "I have two tits, you know," she 
grinned, closing her eye again.

     "You have enough for four," I reminded her. 

     Grinning, Ginny roughly tweaked my cock and I yelped despite 
myself. 

     Reluctantly, I withdrew my exasperated pole from her hand 
and eased myself up. Gently grabbing Ginny's shoulders, I lifted 
her from Andrea's body and, even more gently, rolled her on her 
back between us. Her long, thick red hair and large hoop earrings 
framed her face perfectly on the pillow and, although I never 
thought her quite as beautiful as Andrea, Ginny was certainly a 
striking woman with a full, incredibly sexy figure.

     For the first time in what must have been hours, Andrea was 
now able to shift her body and flex her long, stocking clad legs. 
I could tell by the way she moved that her muscles were stiff and 
sore and I made a mental note to offer her, later, what I was 
sure would be a strictly therapeutic massage. But at this moment, 
the only therapeutic massage I was interested in was the one 
Ginny could give my swollen tube still dancing between my legs.

     Flat on her back between Andrea and me, Ginny pulled us in 
and we both made love to her. We kissed her, alternately and 
simultaneously, sharing her soft, full lips and warm sweet 
tongue. Our tongues mingled with Ginny's and, occasionally, with 
each others. To my surprise and encouragement, Andrea didn't seem 
to mind. There was hope yet, I thought.

     Propelled by Ginny's subtle movements, our hands each found 
one of her delightfully freckled breasts, Andrea the right, me  -20-2 
the left, and we squeezed and kneaded her warm, resilient flesh 
in unison. Ginny's nipples, although not half as long nor quite 
as thick as Andrea's, seemed to constrict upwards and darken in 
color as they responded to our fingers. 

     Andrea and I quickly learned that Ginny made the most 
delightful love sounds when she was on the receiving end of 
sexual excitement. The degree of pleasure she was feeling was 
instantly echoed by a sexy "hmmmmming" sound she produced deep in 
her throat. The pitch, depth and length of her "hmmmmmm" 
indicated the exact intensity of her arousal. Later, we would 
learn, her "hmmmms" would become "ahhhhhs" and her "ahhhhhs" 
would become "ohhhhhs" as she crossed each threshold of ever 
mounting joy.

     I left Ginny's lips to Andrea and moved down to kiss and 
suck her sensitive tit. Her hand moved with me, gently guiding my 
head, then continuing down her smooth, firm body, ultimately 
disappearing between her parted legs. Squeezing her very generous 
tit between both my hands, I trailed the tip of my tongue around 
her deep pink areola, circling in closer to her nipple and 
finally sucking it in firmly between my lips. 

     Ginny liked it. She groaned, "hmmmmm," deeply into Andrea's 
mouth, urging both of us on.       

     The feeling of Ginny's responsive, slightly salty nipple in 
my mouth was wonderful. Listening to her "hmmmmms" of pleasure, 
my fingers continued to knead and squeeze her soft, damp tit in 
subtle upward milking motions as I swirled my tongue around her 
rigid bud, sucking and licking it slowly, unhurriedly, deriving 
as much pleasure from it as I hoped I imparted. A few moments 
later, Andrea's face joined mine at Ginny's breast and she smiled 
at me. I released my lip lock on Ginny's nipple and, still 
milking her tit, offered her white-tipped nipple to Andrea's 
waiting lips. Then, like two high school sweethearts sharing our 
first single soda straw, we alternated sucking on Ginny's turgid 
nipple, switching breasts after a few minutes and sucking on the 
other.  

     "Hmmmmmm, hmmmmmm, hmmmmmm," Ginny groaned. Her hand, still 
busy between her legs, began to pick up pace while her other hand 
gently urged Andrea's head to move down her body.  

     But this time I was not about to be denied. As I continued 
roughly fondling Ginny's tits, I stretched out lengthwise on the 
bed and pressed by body against her side. The feel of her soft, 
warm, moist skin against my dick was immediately gratifying, but 
I wasn't going to settle for a little frottage, I wanted in. Some 
place. Any place. Desperately. Andrea took hold of Ginny's hand 
and gently lifted it away from her pussy, replacing it with her 
own long fingers and stroked Ginny's slit with the same practiced 
mastubatory rhythms. 
 -2f-2 
     "Hmmmmm, hmmmmm, hmmmmm, hmmmmm," Ginny groaned, the sound 
high pitched and stacatto as Andrea's fingers moved deftly in and 
out of her delicate folds.  

     Then, looking at me and smiling, Andrea lifted Ginny's 
drenched hand to her mouth and seductively licked her fingers 
clean of every thick morsel of Ginny's heady honey.

     "You bitch," I moaned, jealously watching Andrea's tongue 
corkscrew around Ginny's glistening fingers.

     Andrea smiled. When she was through vacuuming Ginny's hand, 
she placed the hand firmly on her own breast and Ginny's fingers 
immediately sought her nipple. And then something remarkable 
happened. As if clearly reading my mind and gauging my desires, 
Andrea withdrew her sopping fingers from Ginny's snatch and, 
reaching across her, brushed the delicious juices over my lips. 

     That was all the invitation I needed. Rising up, I quickly 
grabbed Ginny's hips, pulling her away from Andrea. "I'm going 
to fuck you, bitch," I grunted to Ginny, "I'm going to fuck you 
till you scream for mercy." And far more roughly than I intended, 
I turned Ginny over and yanked her hips up into a kneeling 
position, securing her firm, rounded ass in front of me. I slid
my hand down Ginny's smooth ass to her drenched, steaming, hair-
matted pussy and squeezed her lips. Obligingly, Ginny parted her 
thighs for me as she repositioned herself, arching her back like
a sensuous supple cat as she lowered her face to the silk pillow. 

     Out of the corner of my eye I glimpsed Andrea's approving 
smile as she slid slightly away from Ginny, relinquishing the 
redhead entirely to me for my own selfish gratification. And, 
believe me, I wasted no time seeking the gratification long 
denied me. Quickly, I moved up behind Ginny, guiding my 
throbbing steel shaft down the crack of her firm ass to her 
eager, waiting cunt. 

     But Ginny was even more impatient than I was. Her hand shot
up from between her legs, grabbing my cock, pulling it, guiding 
it into the hot, wet, swollen folds of her excited cunt. "Come
on, you cocksucker," she hissed between tense, short breaths, 
"fuck me, fuck me!" She positioned my throbbing cockhead against
her waiting hole and, grabbing her hips, I plunged my raging 
prick into her in one, swift, violent thrust of my hips.

     Ginny screamed, then gasped, as I pulled out and thrust 
again. Deeper. Harder. Again I pulled out. Again Ginny gasped. 
And again I plunged my pig-iron cock into her, my stomach 
smashing against her ass with each thrust. I released her hips 
and bent down over her, grabbing handfuls of her balloon like
tits. I squeezed and kneaded her soft, firm fleshy mounds as I 
continued fucking her from behind with all the strength and 
stamina I could muster.    
 -2-2 
     As Ginny groaned deeper and louder with each thrust of my
mindless cock, I glanced up at Andrea. She was at the edge of the 
bed, legs spread, furiously masturbating. I was sweating like a 
stuck pig, barely able to catch my breath, but the sight of 
Andrea's fingers dancing over her clit made me smile. Through 
half shut eyes, Andrea smiled back. I flicked my head toward her 
and, as always, she immediately understood. In unison, as I 
pulled Ginny's body up by her tits and repositioned her, Andrea,
on her back, slid under her. Still holding Ginny's tits, I slowly 
lowered her engorged, flaming nipple into Andrea's waiting lips 
and watched as she sucked it deep into her mouth.

     I could feel my balls tighten. I was going to cum. But that 
was the last thing I wanted just then. I gritted my teeth, 
fighting it, trying every trick I knew to stay my synapses from 
their inevitable, blissful, mind-numbing explosion. But my 
willpower was slipping away with each cock thrust into Ginny's 
tight, grasping hole. So I pulled out. Glistening in the 
lamplight, my drenched pole danced and twitched, begging for 
relief.

     "No, no, you cocksucking asshole," Ginny moaned, trying 
to gulp air into her fiery lungs, "don't stop, don't stop!" 

     "You want to fuck," I gasped, "this is how you fuck!" And,
grabbing her hips firmly, I raised myself up and pressed the 
smooth, shiny, bulbous head of my extraordinarily eager prick 
against the purple-pink sphincter of her tiny asshole. 
       
     "No, not that way," Ginny gasped, "not my asshole, you 
motherfucker, not that way." But her protest only fueled my 
desire. I looped one arm under her bent waist and held her 
firmly as my other hand slowly eased my cock into her 
reluctant back road. Ginny tried to squirm away, but I held
her tighter, pressing my prickhead harder against her unwilling
hole. As she gasped again, her sphincter muscles involuntarily
surrendered and I finally succeeded invading her asshole. 
Quarter inch by quarter inch, I squeezed my throbbing cock 
deeper into her, each quarter inch coaxing longer, louder, 
more demanding groans from Ginny. Her incredibly tight asshole 
gripped and squeezed my cock every inch of the way, heightening 
the already indescribable sensations flooding my swirling brain.
I had to have it all. Almost unconsciously, I withdrew, 
slightly, gathered my strength, then thrust into her all the 
way, my heavy balls slapping against her gushing pussy.

     Ginny screamed. Loudly. Her body bolted up against the
invasion of my fat prick all the way up her tiny asshole. But I
held on. She plunged down again into Andrea, wiggling and 
bucking and gyrating her ass against me. And I fucked her. Hard.
My cock plunging up her ass with each violent thrust of my hips,
my balls slapping and slamming rhythmically against her cunt.    

     As I furiously fucked Ginny's ass, Andrea, my sweet, sweet  -2R-2 
Andrea, not about to let an opportunity like this go to waste, 
twisted her body beneath us, sliding her beautiful face between 
Ginny's thighs and began licking and sucking the redhead's pussy. 
Ginny, responded immediately, gasping and groaning, she lowered 
her body down to Andrea's, her mouth seeking and finding 
Andrea's willing cunt.    
 
     When God created fucking, this is what he had in mind.

     The smell of them enveloped me. The sound of their mutual 
cunt lapping and their mingled gasps and grunts, cries and 
whimpers excited me beyond any fantasy. The sight of their 
perfect bodies entwined in uninhibited, lustful, inverted 
lovemaking fueled a frenzy in me I had never before experienced. 
And my cock, my patient, obedient cock, grasped and squeezed 
mercilessly by each screaming thrust into Ginny's velvety tight 
asshole -- my cock came to the verge -- and I knew I had to
finally surrender.

     Panting like an animal, fighting, fighting, my hips reared
back, I grabbed Ginny's body, plunging into her hole with all 
my strength. Ginny pushed back, meeting my thrust, challenging
me. Then, slamming my eyes shut, gasping for air, my entire 
body stiffened and my balls erupted, wracking my body and brain
simultaneously as I came like an explosion. Instantaneously, my 
cock regrouped, convulsed, and I shot another salvo of hot cum 
deep into Ginny's receptive ass. I could feel her rectal muscles 
grasp me, milk me, urge my cock to shoot again. And I did. And 
as I did, she did, too. 

     With Andrea's lips locked on her clit, Ginny suddenly
stiffened upright, holding the tension, holding it, holding it 
and then, her body shaking and shuddering uncontrollably, she 
came, screaming and gasping in the same breath. Andrea's arms
encircled her hips, pulling her dripping pussy back down to her 
hungry mouth. But Ginny couldn't take any more. She jerked her
pussy away from Andrea and, as she did, my cock squished out from
her asshole, falling, like a wounded soldier into Andrea's sweat-
soaked hair. I left it there, feeling the warm softness of her
rich blonde hair against my cum coated cock. If Andrea noticed,
she didn't say anything. And we all just smiled the mindless,
blissful, wordless smile of satisfied lovers.

     It seemed like forever until we could all catch our breaths. 
When we did, we slowly, painfully, jokingly repositioned our 
spent bodies on our backs, lengthwise along the bed. It came as 
no surprise to me that Ginny was in the middle, separating me 
from Andrea. 

     Giggling, Ginny turned her head to Andrea and they kissed 
lightly. Then Ginny turned her head to me and we kissed, too. I 
thought I could taste Andrea's lips on Ginny, but it was probably 
only my imagination. And I wondered, lying there, I wondered 
when would I taste her for myself. -2-2 
     We snuggled closer. Andrea shifted and raised her hand to
Ginny's perspiring breast. I did the same with Ginny's other
breast. Then slowly, I moved my hand across to Andrea's. And she
didn't pull away. Maybe there was hope yet.
      
To be continued...
