Two  months now I have been looking for an efficient person to run my office 
staff. The job pays $35,000.00 per year and benefits. The applicants have 
included everyone form a nutty old maid office manager to a young kid out of 
college who thinks he knows it all. My wife had run the office for years but 
then she got sick and eventually passed away.

Today I have a 10:00 AM appointment with Ms. Harmlonge, who sounded nice on the 
phone and says she has good credentials. Me, I am the owner of a computer soft
ware company with programmers, writers and office people taking and filling 
orders. The office manager would coordinate everything and everyone. I hope I 
can hired someone soon and take the pressure off of me. My own people aren't 
competent enough to do the job I need. There is a knock at my office door and 
I answered it. It was Tom with a lady who he introduced as Ms. Harmlonge. She 
was about 5" 8" tall, about 130 lbs with blonde shoulder length hair and a nice 
smile. I offered to take her coat and when she took it off she had on underneath
an off white linen dress that buttoned down the front. Her hosiery was dark 
brown but really accented her shapely legs which shown from just above the knees
and her off white shoes matched her dress. She wore pearl earrings and waited 
for me to ask her to sit. As she sat her dress rode up just a little exposing
more of her nylon covered legs. It was getting to me, horny as I was the last 
six months. I just wanted to get down on my knees in front of her, lift up her
dress and run my tongue up those legs. She affected me that much, but at the 
same time I could not leave it influence the interview. I talked a few minutes 
about the job, then asked her to fill out an employment application. I directed
her into a small room off of my office and told her to take her time and to 
knock on my door when she had it processed.

She exited into the other room and I sat down. I do not know what happened but 
my heart was beating faster than usual and I was sweating profusely. I sat 
there and started thinking about her dress and her legs when I started getting 
a raging hardon. This hadn't happened in months and I was in a quandry. I did 
not want to think with my cock. Suddenly I got up and went into my private 
bathroom off my office, stood in front of the toilet, dropped my trousers and 
shorts and started jerking off. I hadn't done this in years but Ms. Harmlonge 
was getting to me. In fact she had gotten to me. Slowly I started stroking my 
cock, increasing the speed till I felt it build up in my balls. All of a sudden
gobs of sperm started shooting out the head of my cock bringing me a release I
hadn't felt in about six months. As I was cumming I said unknowingly till I 
thought about it afterwards "oh gosh, Ms. Harmlonge, I'm cumming, I'm cumming. 
Oh, it feels so good."It left me breathless and I almost fainted. I then went 
back into my office.

I had filled out the application very quickly and knocked lighly on Mr. Quarles
door. Hearing no answer I had peeked inside and saw no one. As I stood there 
I was thinking how good Mr. Quarleslooked to me. I hadn't really had a man 
since my divorce was final eighteen months ago. The only action I was getting 
now was with my fingers on my clit or in my pussy. Mr. Quarles had me hot in 
the panties just looking at his georgeous tanned body. I also knew Mr. Quarles
was a widower. I heard this noise from another room and approached a closed door
. I heard a vice saying "oh gosh, Ms. Harmlonge, Im cumming, I'm cumming." It 
was Mr. Quarles. Did I have this effect on him or was he a pervert who jerked 
off after interviewing every female who applied for a position in his office?
The thing was when I sorted all this in my mind I was getting hot. I retreated 
back into the small room, and after closing and locking the door I sat there 
for a minute. I was getting the hots just thinking about what I had just heard.
With everything below my waist hidden under a table I was sitting at I reached 
down to the hem of my dress and ran my hand up under my dress. Up I went till I 
reached the crotch of my panties. They were soaking wet. I couldn't believe 
that I was leaking fluid out of my pussy like that. As I rubbed my panties I 
started to get sexually excited and I continued rubbing till I came. One thing 
in my favor, I can come off easy. I then knocked on the door. One other thing 
is I need this job bad as I have a lot of bills to pay off. I hope he hires me 
and can meet my salary demands.

Back to the interview with Mr. Quarles. He said "lets take a walk around and I 
will show you everything connected with the position before we talk. First thing
I spotted was a girl named Roxanne, who wasn't doing much but looked like she 
was overwealmed with work. Kathy, another girl who socalized to much and Amy who
was boy crazy and didn't concentrate on her job. The programmers were efficient
as were the writers. Back in Mr. Quarles office we discussed my experience and 
then came the hangup. Mr Quarles said "I see you have listed here for starting 
salary the amount of 42.5. I said "yes, and I am well worth it." "I am sure you
are Ms. Harmlonge, but we can't afford it. Before my wife died she covered the
position at a nominial salary so by paying you it is a much bigger expense. We
have budgeted 35 for the position, not 42.5. During this part of the interview 
I put my sex charms to work, showing a little more of my leg to try an excite 
Mr. Quarles. I wondered what he would be like in bed. He also excited me. "Mr
Quarles," I said "you think 42.5 is expensive but let me show you where it is
not. Just by going through your office you have one girl to many. Roxanne is 
screwing this company royally and I observed that in two minutes, plus the out
put she does could be covered by Amy and Kathy and not cause any problems. Right
there you are saving 18 thousand, plus I am sure there are other methods of cost
you will save without jeopardizing positions." I'm sure what you say is true Ms.
Harmlonge, but Roxanne has been with me for two years." Do you think she would 
stay if she found a higher paying job, Mr. Quarles."" I will tell you , I don't 
know."" Leave me lay it on the line Mr. Quarles. I need this job, I need the pay
I mentioned and and I will do anything to reach that goal." "What do you mean 
anything, Ms. Harmlonge.?"
 
"Since I have been sitting here Mr. Quarles, and believe me, I don't think I am
reading you wrong, you have been trying to look up my dress. I think you like to
look up all the ladies dresses or skirts and look at their leg and panties." "I 
admit that is true and you are no exception, but that is a male trait from the
first time a male becomes conscious of a female. I do not find anything wrong
with that." "As I said before Mr. Quarles I need this job, I need the salary, 
I know I can save tyour company at least $20,000 a year to start plus get more
increased productivity plus since you like legs and panties you could see mine
whenever you want as for instance, right now." Ms Harmlonge stood up and slowly 
raised the hem of her skirt up to her beige slip, grasping both she kept raising
them, up over her knee, and going upwards. I was anticipating see her pantyhose
coving a pair of white panties which looks nice but is not exciting. Of course 
right now with my hiatus from  sex I would probably freak out. "Great balls of
fire" I thought to myself, this lady has stockings and a garterbelt on, she is 
on sexy little thing. "like wow." A black garterbelt and bright hot pink panties
came into view. "How would you like to see that everyday, Mr. Quarles" she asked
me. In my head I was saying yes, and I knew she could have the job but I wanted
to bargain for more, lots more.

"What else do you do with your nice body, Ms. Harmlonge." "What do you mean, Mr.
Quarles." "You said you want this job, but the competition for it is stiff, if 
you get whatI mean." "How stiff, Mr. Quarles." "The competition is very hard and
very stiff, Ms. Harmlonge, if you get my meaning." "Ok, Mr. Quarles, I need the
job, how about a blowjob right now. I am a little desperate, my former husband 
gambled away everything we had from a twenty year marriage. I have nothing to 
show for it. I find you attractive, Mr. Quarles and would not have any  problem
sucking you off. I would also suck you off any other time you would want also."

"First thing, Ms. Harmlonge, will you swallow my cum?" "Yes, I will." Second is 
maybe after a while things wear off on a blowjob. That's hard for a man to say
that but it could happen."                        

"I am now going to give you an offer you can't refuse, Mr. Quarles. Upon arrival
every day at work I will come into your office and ask you to inspect my panties
to see if they meet your approval. At the time of your panty inspection I will 
be wearing them on my body. Ninty percent of the time I will wear sheer, nylon 
stockings, a garterbelt and panties under my skirt or dress, but if I choose to
wear a miniskirt I would have to wear pantyhose. At those times I will wear the 
laciest panties I own and wear them on the outside of my pantyhose, not under
neath the pantyhose as most women do. Also you will be free at all times to 
tongue my entire body from head to toe, front to back, every square inch includ
ing my tits, cunt, and asshole. You will also be free to fuck any part of my 
body you want which includes my tits, mouth, cunt and asshole. I will at any 
time you request jerk, suck or lick your cock off, plus ream and rim your ass
hole for you or you can do the same to me. I will also suck your nipples, 
believe it or not, men love to get their nipples sucked and also their toes. 
If you can think of anymore, Mr. Quarles, I will do it."

"That sounds very good, Ms. Harmlonge till something goes wrong and you charge 
me with sexual harassment and take me to court." "Okay, Mr. Quarles, I will sign
an agreement which your attorney or yourself can draw up saying I can never sue
you for sexual harassment." "You have a job, Ms. Harmlonge,"to which she replied
"so do you, Mr. Quarles, a blowjob." She came over to my desk, dropped to her 
knees, undid my trousers and shorts, pulled them down and sucked me dry while at
the same time I have slid her dress and slip up and looked at her black lace jet
black garterbelt and body hugging sheer pink panties while she sucked me off. 
I told her a fuck would be in order tomorrow morning but right now I wanted to 
see her masturbate herself in front of me. She sat in a chair facing me and un
buttoned her dress and slipped of her half slip. She teased her legs and crotch
outside her panties with her fingers and then finally slid her panties.Spreading
her legs wide and using both hands with all her fingers she bought herself off 
in a mind blowing tremendous orgasm which about wiped her out. "I never did that
before in front of a man, play with myself. I just can't believe the sexual and 
erotic thrill I had doing that and the way you watched me so intensely. When I 
came it was one of the best orgasms I ever had." "Just be prepared for a good 
fuck tomorrow when you start working. I am also going to suck your cunt out."We 
shook hands and she left. She also had left me speachless, the truth be known.

The next morning I had her in my office, legs wide apart spread on the desk, her
bright red panties on the floor, her brown skirt up, no half slip with her white
sheer lace top stockings affixed to her pink garterbelt. Her yellow blouse was 
unbuttoned , her yellow bra which clasped in the front was unclasped and her big
nipples ended up in my mouth. After I sucked her pussy to a climax I slipped my
cock inside of her and we both fucked to another climax for her and my first for
me. Later in the afternoon we fucked again.

Everyday Mr Quarles called me in his office and examined me. I felt like a whore
or prositute for getting my position this way. I know I am being used but the 
thing is I loved it. One day he took me to lunch and we spent the afternoon in 
a motel. One evening he called me and asked me to join him for dinner. "Will I 
have to fuck you, Mr. Quarles, it's after hours?" "Of course you will, Ms. Harm
longe." I went to dinner because I can't help myself. When he wants to fuck me,
I just want it. We had a great dinner and a great fuck afterwards. Soon we start
ed to spend more time together after work and then the weekends. I am falling 
for him and I think he is falling for me although neither of us has said any
thing to each other.One day he called me in the office and acted very stern "Ms.
Harmlonge," he never used my first name, "we have a big problem here within the 
company.Since you have come onboard with us and straightened out the office plus
improved the morale we have made much more in profits then projected. Therefore
Ms. Harmlonge I am going to offer you you either one, a big bonus or second, the
opportunity to become Mrs. Quarles because I love you." I love you also, Mr. 
Quarles but that's a big question. I need to think on it." I thought for about 
five seconds and told him "yes." We got married three days later.

That was ten years ago. Every morning I go into Mr. Quarles office, He lifts 
my dress or skirt and examines my panties. Usually a fuck, blowjob or a pussy 
eating is in order. After lunch every day he checks out my panties and when we 
get home at night he checks them again. Usually he goes down on me for a while 
then I fix dinner wearing just my high heels, stockings, garterbelt and panties.
All he wears are bedroom slippers. After dinner we watch TV then go to bed. We
usually sleep with his cock up my ass or in my mouth. I have never been so happy
in my life as when I have been with my husband, Mr. Quarles. Would I change any
thing or one thing, never? Business is good and profits are good. Also he ripped
up the sexual harrassment letter. He says if I ever claim sexual harrassment he 
will spank me. I thinking about it. I wonder what the feeling would be from a 
spanking from Mr. Quarles. Would probably set my cunt on fire. Might be very
interesting to find out.


