(c) Copyright 1997 Eros.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.






                         Daddy's Little Office Slut
                                (by Eros)

       "Mr. Simpson, your daughter's here to see you.", announced Dave's
    secretary as she showed young Julie into her father's plush top-floor
    office.

       "Hi, honey! My, you do look pretty this morning," said Dave with a
    broad smile.

       He spoke in a fatherly voice for the benefit of his secretary, but
    the way his eyes travelled up and down over Julie's gorgeous young
    body was far from fatherly. The tight blouse she wore accentuated the
    youngster's tiny titties, and her form-hugging skirt was so short, it
    barely concealed the bottom of her tight little ass. Little wonder
    Dave couldn't keep his hands off his sexy young daughter... no
    red-blooded heterosexual male in his right mind could have!

       "Darlene, hold all my calls please.", said Dave glancing at his
    pretty secretary, "I want to spend some quality time with my
    little girl."

       "Okay, Mr. Simpson.", said Darlene, giving him a strange
    look.

       Darlene had seen the way her boss looked at his daughter, and
    somehow it troubled her. There was more to this than met the eye,
    thought Darlene as she turned and left the room, closing the door
    behind her. As soon as she'd gone, Julie locked it carefully before
    turning towards her father.

       "She's quite cute, isn't she? Have you fucked her yet, Daddy?", she
    asked, sauntering slowly around beside his desk. Dave leaned back in
    his chair and smiled at her, unshaken by his daughter's blunt personal
    question.

       "No... Not yet, baby.", he chuckled, "But I've often thought about
    it."

       Julie moved closer until her leg touched his thigh. She looked
    down at the bulge forming rapidly in her father's pants and slowly
    lifted her skirt to her waist.

       "You don't need her, Daddy. Not when you can have this!",
    whispered Julie, thrusting her moist, panty-covered crotch towards her
    father.

       Dave could only stare.... transfixed by her youthful beauty.

       Growing impatient, Julie grabbed her father's hand.

       "Feel me Daddy!... Feel how hot I am for you!", she husked,
    shoving his hand between her smooth young thighs.

       With a moan, the girl pressed her father's big, sweaty palm tightly
    against her eager young snatch. Dave gasped at the contact, feeling
    the wetness of his daughter's hot little cunt through the sheer
    fabric of her panties.

       "Oh, shit!", breathed Dave.

       "No, Daddy!", Julie giggled, and dropped her small hand to his
    zipper. "That's not shit!.... That's pussy.... that's hot, juicy
    cunt.... and it's all yours!" Julie opened her father's bulging pants
    and pulled out his long, thick cock.

       "Jesus, baby! You can't wait, can you?", marvelled Dave, as his
    eager young daughter jerked her fist up and down on his prick.

       Julie moved between her father's thighs until she could rub the
    tip of his cock along the deep groove of her rapidly moistening
    panties.

       "No, I can't, Daddy!...", she groaned, "I can't wait for you to
    stick your big ol' cock into my little pussy and fuck me till I cum
    all over you!"

       Dave had never seen his daughter in such a state of arousal before.

       "What brought all this on, honey?", muttered Dave, slipping his
    other hand up under the rear of his daughter's skirt to squeeze and
    fondle her firm young butt.

       "Dave played with my pussy in the elevator on the way up.
    Daddy!", admitted Julie, "and it got me all worked up!"

       "So!", growled Dave, in mock anger, "Your horny brother feels you
    up, and you come crawling to me for hot cock, huh?.... Is that it?"

       Julie looked at her father with utter surprise. Dave was loving it!

       "Stand over there girl, and take off all your clothes," he
    barked,"and make it fucking snappy!"

       Julie did as she was told, not sure whether her father was serious
    or not. Dave on the other hand was having a ball. He watched his
    lovely daughter remove her blouse and skirt. As he had guessed, she
    wasn't wearing a bra, and his cock twitched involuntarily as Julie's
    gorgeous little tits sprang into view. She stood there shivering, clad
    only in her tight, clinging panties. Dave stood up and took off all
    his clothes, folding them neatly before sitting back in his chair

       "Come over here and bend over my knee!", he said sharply.

       Julie did as she was told, intimidated by her father's sudden
    apparent mood change. She lay across his lap, with her tits pressed
    into his thigh and her cute little ass up in the air.

       "What are you gonna do, Daddy?", whimpered the frightened girl.
    Dave suppressed a groan as his erect cock brushed against her
    quivering belly, leaving a wet trail of pre-cum excitement.

       "I'm gonna give you what you deserve, sweetheart. You've been a
    naughty little girl and naughty girls need to be punished!", smiled
    Dave, rubbing his hand slowly over his daughter's firm, little behind.

       Raising his hand, Dave brought it down on Julie's firm, upthrust
    buttocks with a resounding smack.

       "Owwww!", she screamed indignantly, "That hurts, Daddy!"

       Dave rubbed his hand over her reddening flesh, pushing aside the
    girl's panties with a deliberate flick of his wrist.

       "Spread your legs, honey... or I'll give you another one!",
    demanded Dave.

       As her legs parted, the swollen mound of his daughter's moist
    little cunt appeared, framed beautifully by her creamy ass cheeks.

       "Mmmmmm! Nice, baby! Real nice!", moaned Dave, cupping her
    squirming butt.

       "Oooooh! For God's sake, touch me Daddy!", whimpered Julie, "I
    can't stand it anymore!"

       "Yeah? Well, I'm sorry baby, but you've been a very naughty little
    girl!", her father replied, "And unless you tell me what you're gonna
    do about it, I'm just gonna have to beat your cute, sexy little ass
    until you do!"

       "No, don't!", cried the young girl, "I'll do anything! Just don't
    hit me again, Daddy!" The way her tits and pussy were wriggling
    against his naked thighs was driving Dave crazy.

       "What are you gonna do for Daddy, baby?", asked Dave, caressing her
    ass.

       "I'll suck your cock, Daddy!", she gasped.

       "Hmmmm, not bad for starters.... what else?"

       "Oooooh, Daddy! I'll let you suck my cunt, and my ass and then you
    can fuck me, okay?", whimpered the horny young girl.

       "Oh, baby! That's what I wanted to hear!", groaned Dave, slipping a
    finger deep into his daughter's melty little fuckhole.

       "OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!", Julie moaned as her father diddled her
    gooey cunt-slit. Her little pussy was sizzling.

       "You like that, don't you, baby?", asked Dave, screwing his finger
    deeper into her hot, clinging little fuck-slot.

       "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm, yes Daddy! It feels so niiiiiice!"

       The pressure on his pistoning digit was fantastic, her snug,
    adolescent cunthole felt like a tight, velvet vice around his finger,
    and Dave could hardly wait to feel the same maddening grip around his
    eagerly throbbing prick.... but first things first.

       Dave lifted his daughter up onto the edge of his desk and spread
    her slender young legs wide. Julie's sparsely-haired little cuntlips
    opened like a flower revealing the dewey pink cuntflesh within. It was
    such a delicious sight that Dave actually licked his lips as he stared
    of a second at her tight, juicy little fuckhole. Then, with a moan of
    pure lust, he pushed his face right into his daughter's lewdly open
    crotch and began licking and slurping at her sweet little slot. Julie
    arched her back and thrust her hips forwards as her father ran his
    stiff tongue up and down her drooling slit. She was obviously enjoying
    her father's mouth on her hot little cunt very much indeed.

       "Mmmmmmm! Oh, yeahhh, Daddy! Lick me!" she moaned, looking down at
    her father's mouth and lips on her tender pussy. "I love it when you
    do that!"

    Dave held her thighs wide open with his hands, using his thumbs to
    part her pussylips as he slithered his tongue as far up inside her
    tasty young cunthole as he could. Her adolescent cuntjuice was
    delicious and there was plenty of it as Julie rapidly approached her
    first orgasm. Like her mother, she always came quickly with Dave's
    talented mouth and tongue working on her cunt. He lapped and licked at
    her drooling slit, then he sucked her pussylips completely into his
    mouth and nibbled the sensitive little bud of her clit, quickly
    bringing the squirming young girl to the edge of an intense orgasm.

    "Oooooooooooh, yessssssssssssss" she hissed. "You're making me cum
    Daddy! Your making me cummmmmmmmmmmmmm!!"

    The wet sounds of licking and slurping echoed loudly within the big
    office as Dave tongue-fucked his lovely young daughter. Julie put her
    hands on the back of her father's head and thrust her cunt out at his
    face, squirming her tight little ass around madly on the smooth
    surface of the deck.

   "Suck me, Daddy! Suck me!" she bawled. "Uuuuuuuunnnghhhhh! Fuck!"

    Dave sucked his daughter's sweet young pussy like it was honey,
    lapping and slurping wildly. Julie undulated her hips, forcing her
    gaping young twat almost brutally into her father's face. She was
    extremely close to a wonderful, wonderful orgasm.

    "Ohhhh! Yesss! Yesss! Oooohhhhh, Dadddddddyyyy!" she moaned, hotly
    grinding her juice-filled little slit into her father's sucking mouth.

    Dave sucked her clit more vigorously as he felt his daughter's climax
    peak and Julie's high-pitched little cries of lust stopped for several
    long seconds as the intense pleasure of orgasm literally took her
    breath away. Her back was arched and her head was flung back, her
    whole body shuddered with the spasms of hot ecstasy which shot up and
    down her tingling spine.

    As Julie came down from her incredible high, she noticed her father
    was not crouched between her wantonly spread thighs anymore. He was
    standing in front of her holding his massively thick cock in his fist,
    jerking the shaft slowly as he stared at her body hungrily. Her thighs
    were widely parted and her cuntslit still gaped open invitingly,
    dripping pussy-juice onto the shiny surface of his desk.

    "Oooooooh, Daddy!", smiled Julie dreamily, "You sure have an big fat
    boner there! What are you gonna do with it?"

    Dave just smiled and nodded towards her juicy wet pussy.

    "I'm gonna put it where it fits, baby!", he grinned.

    "Uuuuuuooooh, Daddy! You naughty man!", giggled Julie, pretending to
    be scared. "Are you gonna fuck me? But you're too big! You'll hurt my
    poor little pussy with that monster!"

    "Don't worry, honey," said Dave, stepping up between her thighs.
    "It'll fit alright. It'll fit so well you might not want me to take it
    out!"

    "Mmmmmmm! I hope so, Daddy!", murmured Julie as her father sank his
    cock slowly into her eager little slit.

    Dave held her by the hips and hunched forwards, pulling his daughter
    bodily onto his cock at the same time. Her juice-slickened young ass
    slid along the glassy desk-top stopping only when Dave's cock was
    buried in her tight hot little cunthole to the hilt. She leaned back
    and lifted her ass up, grinding her clit onto the base of his pulsing
    prick. She always felt full when her father fucked her, but today for
    some reason, his cock felt incredibly huge.

    Perhaps it was the added excitement of fucking his own daughter in the
    office with his secretary right outside that aroused him so much,
    thought Julie. But then, when he started to pump his huge shaft in and
    out of her tight, clinging hole, Julie didn't care. All she wanted was
    to fuck and fuck and fuck her wonderful Daddy until she was exhausted.
    He sometimes made her cum five or six times when they had sex and
    today Julie was exceptionally horny... maybe they could break a few
    records.

    Dave fucked his pretty little daughter aggressively, knowing how she
    liked a good hard reaming first up. Plenty of time later after she'd
    sucked him to erection again for a nice, slow, loving father/daughter
    screw to finish up with. His cock slammed into her snug little slot
    with incredible force, making her little tits jiggle saucily and her
    tiny ass slide back and forth on the juice-slick desk-top. If Dave
    hadn't held onto his daughter's hips tightly each time he fucked into
    her cunt, little Julie would surely have shot right across the desk
    and ended up on her ass on the floor.

    "Oh, God! Fuck! Uhhhh, shit!" she squealed shamelessly, looking down
    at the long, stiff, glistening stalk of her father's cock stabbing
    into her bulging, hairless little pussy. "Yessss! Fuck me!.... Fuck me,
    Daddy! Fuck my cunt! Unnnnnnnnnnghhhhhhh, Daaaaaaaaaaaaaadddddddyy!!"

    Dave could feel his swollen cockhead slamming against his daughter's
    cervix, the tip penetrating that tight little inner hole more and more
    on every thrust as Julie's slippery young cunt gripped her father's
    pulsing prick with incredible force. Her hot little ass was bouncing
    on the desktop and she was squealing loudly, but Dave kept fucking
    her, kept picking up the speed of his slamming strokes, each thrust
    jerking her bodily, making tiny little tits jiggle and her
    tightly-packed cunt squelch and suck up around his pounding prick

    His sexy little daughter was almost beside herself with lust, hunching
    her tiny twat hard up against him as Dave kept fucking his big, fat
    cock deep up inside her. With a great deal of effort, he held back
    from cumming, trying to last as long as he could in order to sustain
    the deliciously tight grip of his daughter's hot, snug little cunt around his
    powerfully fucking cock. But Julie was rapidly approaching her own
    orgasm.

    She was gasping and trembling, and Dave could feel the waves of
    pleasure rippling through her little body. Her mouth was open and her
    tiny jiggling tits shook with each thrust, looking for all the world
    like twin cones of stiff, flesh-colored jello, topped with hard little
    cherries.

    "Ohhhhhh, shit, yeah!" Julie moaned, her hands going out to grapple
    his asscheeks and to squeeze them, "Fuck me hard, Daddy! I love it
    when you fuck me really hard!"

    And that was exactly what Dave was doing. He fucked the squirming
    little girl in a fury, his prick throbbing and hardening even as he
    was driving his cock into her cunt... swelling inside the horny little
    girl until it felt like she was being screwed by a horse!

    "Uuuhhhhnnngggggg!! Fuck me, Daddy! Fuck me with your big, fat
    cock!", she begged. "Oooooo, I'm so cloooooose!"

    "Christ, baby! You get hotter every time I fuck you!", grunted Dave,
    struggling hold his daughter's squirming little butt on the desk so he
    could fuck his prick into her. "Shit, you're tight!"

    Julie's tiny young cunt was so tight, his cock hurt. It was a
    wonderful warm tightness he never felt when he was fucking his wife,
    and Dave looked forward to these private fuck-sessions with his sexy
    little daughter. Lately, Dave hadn't been lucky enough to score a fuck
    from any of the young teenaged girls in the typing pool, and it made
    his manhood swell and throb just to think that it was his own sexy
    little daughter he was fucking, and she couldn't get enough of it!!

    Holding onto Julie's smooth round buttocks, Dave continued to ram his
    prick into his little daughter's upthrust cunt. Julie had her legs
    wrapped around her father's waist and her arms flung around his neck
    as his massive cock slammed down into her young twat to a depth the
    girl had never known before, causing her to gasp and moan with
    pleasure.

    "Ooooohh, Daddy!.. God! Yes, just like that! Fuck me hard! Ohhh, yes,
    deeper!", squealed Julie.

    Dave increased his tempo, fucking the whimpering little girl just like
    she'd asked... long and hard... all the time staring down between
    their legs at his incredibly thick organ slamming deeply into her
    squirming, cock-filled little cunt. He was stretching her tight young
    twat to the limit. On each stroke, the little teenager's taut pink
    pussylips clung to her father's cockshaft like a small, sucking mouth.
    The lewd sight had a tremendously exciting effect on Dave and despite
    being very close to orgasm himself, he began to fuck his cock into his
    daughter with deeper, harder thrusts.

    Julie looked up at her father, adolescent lust burning brightly in her
    baby-blue eyes as she jerked her slim young hips up to meet his
    pile-driving cock-thrusts. Her father's huge prick was giving her hot
    little cunt so much pleasure, Julie felt like she was going to faint
    from sheer ecstasy.

    "Ohhhh, Daddy! Fuck me hard! Uhh! Uhh! I'm gonna cum any second!",
    squealed Julie. "Goddd!... Fuck meeee!... I love it!...
    Unnhnhnnnnhhhhh!"

    Dave grabbed his whimpering daughter by the thighs and lifted her hot
    little ass up off the desk, driving his plunging cock deep into her
    squirming cunt as she came.

    "Ooooooh, God! I'm cumming, Daddy! It feels so good!...Yes! Yes!
    Yesssss!"

    Dave wanted deeper penetration. Knowing he was about to bring his
    horny little daughter off a second time, triggered his ejaculation, and
    he wanted her to really feel it when he came inside her tight little
    cunt. He put his palms under her trembling thighs and lifted her ass
    up off the desk, spreading her legs wide at the same time.

    "Uhhhg! Jesus!... I'm coming too, baby!", yelled Dave, shuddering and
    hunching his cock deep up inside his squealing little daughter.
    "Uuuuuuuuuhh God, right up your cunt!... Cumming up your tight,
    sweet, little cunt, you gorgeous little fuck!!!!...Arrrggghhh!"

    Julie's eyes fluttered wildly as her father's cock jerked inside her,
    filling her quivering twat to the brim with load after load of hot,
    scalding cum.

    "Uuuuhh yesssss, give it to me Daddy!... Come in my cunt!!!" Julie
    screeched, her little pussy convulsing around his throbbing prick.
    "Cum, Daddy! Cummm!"

    As they climaxed together, Dave continued to drive his spurting cock
    into the girl's frothy little hole, never letting up for an instant
    as he fucked his squirming daughter with all the strength he could
    muster. Julie thrashed her ass about, writhing and squealing in
    frenzied abandon, her titties so firm and tight that there was almost
    no movement in them at all.

    As her father repeatedly rammed his prick into her to the hilt, Julie
    felt a familiar sensation begin to spread rapidly from deep inside her
    juice-filled cunt. Her blue eyes opened and closed and her blonde
    hair flew as a second powerful orgasm wracked her tiny body.

    "Oh God! Oh God!...Ooooh, I'm cumming again, Daddy! Uuhhhh, I love
    your cock..... love your big hard cock, Daddy!... Fuck me and come in my
    cunt... Ahhhh!.. and I'll suck you off... and you can lick my pussy
    and...ohhhh, I don't ever wanna stop cumming!"

    Dave felt Julie's hot little cunt tighten around his prick as his
    horny young daughter climaxed on his cock for the second time within
    minutes. Her tiny budding tits were flattened against his hairy chest
    and she moaned loudly into his neck as she came, bucking her ass up to
    meet his every thrust, trying to get his cock in better contact with
    her throbbing little clit.

    "Dadddddddy!! Uhhhhhggghhh! I'm... ohhhh, fuck.... I want you to make
    me cum forever!", she wailed, "Yesss, yesss!... Fuck me with your
    wonderful big prick!.... Oh fuck, yessss!"

    Dave's cock was still hard. For the first time in many years, he was
    actually able to stay hard enough to continue fucking after he'd
    ejaculated. Of course Julie's tight, hot, clasping cunt massaging his
    prick, and the fact that he was fucking his own sexy little daughter
    made all the difference. Without missing a beat, Dave began to move
    his semi-hard cock inside Julie's tight little fuckhole.

    "Oooooooohhhh, Daddy! You're still hard!", giggled Julie.

    "All the better to fuck you with, little girl!", grinned Dave,
    thrusting his rapidly-swelling prick up inside his daughter's gooey
    young twat with renewed vigour.

    Julie's legs and lower body were suspended in mid air, and her
    wide-stretched cunthole clung desperately to his long, hard cock as
    Dave began thrusting deeply into the moaning girl. Each time he
    hunched forward, Dave pulled Julie's pussy onto his ramming cock with
    equal force. The new angle of penetration was so tight that after only
    five or six powerful jabs, Dave climaxed violently.

    "Uuunnghngh! Get ready, Baby! Here it comes! Arhhgggh! Here it
    fuckin' comes!"

    Julie was ready alright!  The horny little girl shook with wild
    incestuous passion as she felt her big, handsome Daddy coming inside
    her. Dave gave his daughter's cunt one last powerful thrust, fucking
    her to the hilt as his deeply embedded prick began to spurt hot jism,
    way up inside her quivering little belly for the second time in
    minutes!

    "Ohhh! Jesus.... give it to me... come in me again, Daddy! Fill me up
    with your sperm!.... I wanna have your baby!!! Ooooh, fuck
    yesssssssssss!"

    As they both came down from their respective orgasms, the intercom
    beside Julie's ear, burst into life.

    "Ummmm, Mr. Simpson? Do you want me to to stick around an lock up?
    It's past five o'clock."

    Dave kept his cock deeply buried inside his daughter's panting body,
    enjoying the contractions of her hot little cunt around his cock as
    her climax faded. He reached over and punched the "SEND" button on the
    intercom.

    "Ahh.. no, Darlene.... you can go home now," said Dave, trying not to
    sound out of breath. "I've got a few more things to discuss with
    Julie before we're finished. See you tomorrow, okay?"

    "Okay, Mr. Simpson, bye..... bye Julie!", replied Darlene cheerfully.
    Almost TOO cheerfully thought Dave.

    Julie was still panting, trying to grind her father's wilting cock
    onto her clit as the last sparks of orgasm faded completely from her
    well-fucked little cunt.

    "Say goodbye to her!", Dave whispered quickly.

    Julie turned her head and spoke into the intercom, careful to sound
    calm and unruffled.

    "Bye, Darlene!", she said chirpily. "See you next time!"

    "Bye Julie!"

    The intercom went dead, and Dave punched the OFF button.

    Smiling down at his naked little daughter, Dave kissed her on the nose
    and gently removed his limp cock from her tight young slit. Julie
    moaned, a little disappointed that the sex with her hunky father had
    to end so soon. Dave stood up and began to pull on his clothes, all
    the time watching his sexy little daughter.

    "You know... I think your mother is going to aerobics for a couple of
    hours tonight, honey," he smiled. "You wanna see how many times you
    can cum before she get's home?"

    "Ohhh, yess, Daddy!! Can we?", giggled Julie, throwing her arms
    around her father's neck and rubbing her hot, naked little body
    against his.

    "We sure can, baby" grinned Dave, slipping a finger up into his
    daughter's gooey little cuntslit. "I could fuck you all night!"

    "Ummmmmmmmmm, I sure hope so, Daddy!"

    As they left the building, smiling... hand in hand, nobody would have
    suspected that the cheerful couple were anything more than daughter
    and loving father. But there was something in the way that the man's
    hands lingered on the little girl's tight young ass... and the way
    that she kissed him.... letting her hot little tongue dart into his
    mouth as they paused in front of the car.... before getting in and
    driving off home, to an incestuous rendezvous.

                          Just the beginning!



--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....