Archive-name: Bondage/office-b.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Office Bound


    This letter may sound like I'm bragging, or something on that level, but I 
feel like I have to tell someone about my situation.  It's been going on for 
over two years now.  I've never told anyone this story before, and I dought if 
I'll ever tell it again.

    First off, all names and references to names have been changed.  The names 
I'll be using are not correct, and any dates menchioned are mostly fictious.  
If word of this ever leaked out, it could hurt or destroy a lot of people.

    I'll start by giving you some background.  I'm a man of thirty-five.  I'm 
about six feet tall, and weigh 175 pounds.  I exercise every morning, and try 
to eat healthy.  People have told me I'm a good looking guy.

    I work for a large marketting firm, in the area of project development and 
persentations.  For the past eight years, I've worked with clients, collect 
data, perpare a persantation, then present the package.  I enjoy the work, and 
like the travel involved.  I seem to travel at least once a month to verious 
parts of North America.

    My first five years in this position, I work very closly with a man named 
Steve.  He taught me much of the buisness, and showed me how to improve my 
work.  All in all, we worked well together, and made a lot of money for the 
company.

    Then, about three years ago, Steve got a better offer from another firm on 
the west coast, and left the company.  I felt happy for him, because I knew 
this is what he wanted.  But I also felt sad, because we were more than 
co-workers, we were friends.

    But before he left, Steve was asked who would be a suitable canadate to 
fill his position.  He recommended me, and the boss approved the idea.  Here 
was my big break, and I was about to take advantage of it.  When Steve left, I 
was promoted into his position, and assigned the duty of finding a replacement 
for my old position.  I've continued to make money for the company, and had 
have nothing but rave reviews every year.

    The hardest part of my new found duties was to hire a qualified person.  I 
contacted a local head-hunter, and was inundated with resumes.  I narrowed down 
the field to three people, and call all of them in for a interview.

    The first two were not what I was looking for.  One was just married, and 
didn't like the idea of traveling and working late much.  The second didn't 
seem to have the personality for the job.  But then the third one came in.

    Her name was Julie.  She was a blond, about five foot, three inches tall.  
She was twenty-nine years old, but had the figure of a nineteen year old.  Her 
face was very pretty, and her walk gracefull.  She wore a tan buisness suit, 
cut just above the knee, with matching blouse and high heels.  She was polite, 
spoke very perfessionaly, and seemed to be a little shy or reserved.  I must 
admit, over all, I was very impressed.

    I offered the job to her about a week later, and she accepted.  By the end 
of the month, she had completed her two weeks at her other job, and had started 
in her new position as my assistant.

    She proved to be a great asset to us.  I had to train her to a new line of 
thinking, but she learned quickly, and did her job very well.  She reminded me 
of myself when I first started at the company.  A lot of raw potential and 
talent, but need to be brought out and refined.

    I must admit, I've admired her from the minute I saw her.  Though no one 
part of her was overwelming, it was a very nice package.  Her blond hair was 
curly, and in today's style.  Her figure was nice, with a nice round buttocks, 
and great legs.  Her breasts was average, and she had the kind of waist you 
wanted to wrap your arms around.  She sometimes wares skirts that came above 
the knee, and always wares sky-high heel shoes.

    As I have already stated, Julie was a little shy.  She didn't talk to many 
of the men around the office at first.  But as time went on, she seemed to 
relax, and started to make friends.  One of the office learches tried to make a 
move on her.  But she defended herself well, and interestingly told him to get 
lost.  I laughed to myself over it.  But it also told me that she was devoted 
to her husband.

    I remember the first night we worked late.  When I told her we needed to 
finish a proposal by tomorrow, she called her husband, and said she was going 
to work late.  We were working in my office when five o'clock passed.  She got 
a little nervous at six-thirty, when the cleaning people left.  I think she was 
worried about being alone with me.  But I spent a few minutes asking her about 
her husband, and she seemed to relax.  We finished the job around eight, and 
went home.

    Her first trip was real an experience for her.  She didn't know what to 
bring, what to ware to the airport, or what files to bring.  I helped her 
along, giving her the benefit of my travel experience.

    I had her bring one business suit, comforatable clothes for the flight, a 
couple outfits for seeing the town and having dinners, and her swimsuit for the 
indoor pool and sauna.  But, as it where, when I picked her up on the way to 
the airport, her suitcase must of contained bricks.  She brought enought on a 
three day trip to last her two weeks.

    Since it was her first trip, I persuaded our boss to let us stay an extra 
day for sight seeing.  She was so excited when we boarded the plane, and made 
the run down the runway.  Our plan was to arrive in the early afternoon, rent a 
car, check into the hotel, then find where the office was.  She seemed to give 
a sigh of relief when we were given keys to seperate rooms.  On later trips, 
when we knew each other better, we might share a room to cut costs.  But for 
now, this seemed like the best course to take.

    After we found the office, I sujested we find a place to eat.  We found a 
little steak house near the hotel, and dinned there.  She was really excited to 
be part of all this.  For me, it was old hash, but with a new twist.

    I must admit, I had hopes of a knock on my door later, hoping to she her 
standing there, telling me how much she wanted me.  But I wasn't going to start 
anything on her.  I didn't make a move on her for three reasons.  One, she was 
married.  Two, I'm married.  And three, if we did have a affair, it could make 
things very sticky around the office, especially if we broke it off.
    After dinner, we went back to the hotel.  I sujested we change and take 
advantage of the pool.  She thought it was a great idea, and went to change.  I 
met her in the hall a few minutes later.  Her legs were bare, and she wore a 
large t-shirt over her suit.

    We got to the pool, and I dove in.  She hesitated for a moment before 
removing her shirt.  She wore a light blue, one piece suit, with low cut back 
and front, and high cut legs.  What a body that was hidden under those buisness 
suits.  I couldn't help but stared at her.  Luckly, my hard on was under the 
water line, and she didn't catch my gaze before she dove in.

    The other people in the area left, so I went over to the whirlpool.  Julie 
came along.  We chated, and talked of the poor souls slaving at the office.  I 
could tell she was agian nervous, wondering if I would make a move on her.  I 
never did.  We left the pool area, dried off, had a couple drinks in the 
lounge, and went to our seperate rooms.  I didn't hear a knock that night.

    The presentation went very well.  Julie's part was to cover some background 
info, and watch me make the pitch.  They loved us, and we got the sale.  After 
the demo, Jim, the marketting manager, asked us if we would want to go out on 
the town that night with him and his wife.  We accepted and met them in the 
hotel lobby.

    Julie wore a jean skirt that just came above the knee, a bulky pink 
sweater, and matching heels.  I couldn't help myself to staring at those legs 
throughout the night.

    Jim and Wendy, his wife, took us to a couple of places, giving us the tour 
of the town.  Both of them were a lot of fun, and Julie and Wendy danced a 
couple of times.  Jim and I talked a little buisness, but he couldn't help but 
ask if I had made a score on my partner.  I told him that much to my regreat, I 
hadn't tried for various reasons.  But all in all, we had a great time, and 
didn't get in to after one o'clock.

    We did a little sight seeing the next day, and caught a late flight home.  
For the most part, it was a very sucessful trip, and a good trial run for my 
partner and me.  From then on, she relaxed, did wonderful presnetations, and 
did her job very well.

    Well, with all that said, I move on to the more interesting part of my 
story.  Once again, please let me state, I'm not bragging.  I just need to tell 
this once, and hope others might enjoy this tale as much as I enjoy it in life.

    I was about a year after Julie started working for me.  We were working 
late one Tuesday night.  A proposal had to be done by Thursday morning so it 
could be given approvial and a final copy.  We had to leave on Monday for the 
persentation, and were a little behind.  We were working in her office, with 
papers piled everywhere, and a empty pizza box was on the floor.

    We were both getting tired, and needed some caffine.  Julie offered to go 
down and get us a soda.  As she walked out of the office, I asked her where a 
file was.  She said in the left desk drawer, but I didn't hear the word left, 
and happened to look in the right drawer first.  I didn't find the file, but 
something much more interesting.
    I heard a clunk, and I got curious.  I looked, and found a pair of bright 
silver handcuffs.  They were the real thing, like the cops use.  Heavy tempered 
steal, with crome plating, and double locks.  I also found a matching pair of 
legcuffs.  I played with them for a moment in wonder.  Why would she have these 
here?  What did she do with them?  I decided to find out more about my partner.

    I got the file out of the drawer, and went back over to the table.  I then 
set the file in front of where she was sitting and placed both sets of cuff 
inside the front cover of the file, and closed it up.  Just as I finished, I 
heard her footsteps comming.  She brought in the sodas, and sat down in her 
chair.

    'I got to get a file from my office.' I said.  'I'll be back in a moment.  
You might want to look at this one.  Some very interesting stuff in it.'

    'Alright.' she said and opened the cover.  I stood in the doorway, waiting 
to see her reaction.  For a moment, she just stared at it.  Her face went pail, 
and her eyes were wide open.  She closed the cover, and look up at me.  I could 
tell what was going through her mind.  Did she place them there herself, or did 
I.  I walked over to her.

    'I just want to know one thing.'  I said.  'Do you use those things on 
other perple, or are they used on you?'

    She stared at me, not knowing what to say.  At last, she spoke.

    'Did you go..'

    'No, I didn't go through your desk.  I found them by accedent when I was 
looking for the file.  I heard a thunk in the desk that sounded like what I 
thought it was.  Curiosity took over from there.'

    She opened the cover and look at them sitting there.  'You must think that 
I'm strange, or something.'

    I sat down again.  'Your personal life is your own to do what you want 
with.  If it affects you work life, then I would care.  But I don't see that 
happening. Don't worry, I won't tell anyone anything.  You have my word on it.'

    'Thank you for telling me that.'

    'You still didn't answer my question.'

    She looked down at the cuffs.  I think she really didn't want to tell me 
anything.  She was deep in thought, and I think she was trying to make up a 
lie.  After a moment, she looked at me and seemed to make a discision.

    'Yes, there mine.'  She said as if she was answer another question.  'And 
to answer your question, I like to have them used on me.'

    'Why?'  I asked.  I wanted to know more.  Did this girl think like I did.
    'I like the feeling of being restranded.  I like it when I have no control 
over what's happening to me.  I excites me, make me feel sexier, more alive.  I 
sounds strange, but when I'm tied down, I feel free.'

    She poured it out like it was a confession.  She seemed like she really 
wanted to talk about this.

    'And that's why you have these here?'  I asked.

    'No, not really.  My husband doesn't approve of such things.  He thinks 
it's weird, too strange.  He thinks we shouldn't have and don't need things 
like this in our lives.  He's never tried it, and probly never will.'

    'Then why do you have in the first place, and why here?'

    'I've had them for a long time, even before I met my husband.  I bought 
them myself, when another man and I were involved.  As for having them here, I 
have no other place to hide them.'

    She wasn't mad or angry.  She spoke firmly, very matter-of-factly.  I 
picked up the handcuffs and studied them.

    'These arn't cheep.' I said. 'Good quality, double locks, re-enforced 
steel.  I bet they cost a good amount when you bought them.'

    'There were expensive, but I didn't want something cheap.  If I was going 
to be restrained, I wanted to be restrained with no hope of escape.'  She then 
looked at me a little different.  'But it seems you know more of these things 
that you've let on.'

    I smiled.  'Yeah, I do.  I guess we have a comman problem here.  I love 
this kind of stuff myself.  I tried to get my wife involved in it, even before 
we were married.  When I tied her to the bed, she got hyper and nervous.  I had 
to untie her before she passed out.  I tried again after we were married, but 
the result was the same.  Since then, I've never bothered again.'

    'I does sound too furmilluar.  It's a shame she isn't more open minded and 
less scared.  She would enjoy it.'

    'She probely would.  Your husband sound domminering.  I'm surprised he 
doesn't get into this.'

    'I am too.  Hey, maybe we should introduce you wife to my husband.  They 
might hit it off.'

    'Yeah' I said as we chuckled. 'They just might.'  I looked at her for a 
moment.  'Have you use these lately?'

    'Oh, sometimes I do.' she said as she took the cuff out of my hand.  'I'll 
lock myself in them and struggle around for a few moments.  It helps relieve 
stress.  But it's not the same alone as when someone else does it.  And I like 
ropes better than cuffs.  It feels better, more personal.  It's hard to tie 
youself.'
    'I guess it must be.'  I said.  It was then that an idea popped into my 
head.  I took the handcuff from her and walked behind her.  She knew what I was 
thinking.  She sat back and put her wrists behind the chair.  She made a little 
sigh as I locked her wrists together.  As soon as they were locked, she started 
to squirm a little in her seat.

    I took the legcuffs, turned her chair, and knelt in front of her.  I locked 
one ankle in the cuff, looped the chain around the seat post, and locked the 
other cuff on her free ankle.  I sat down in my chair and watched her go.

    Julie struggled for several minutes.  She would move herself around, trying 
to get free.  Whether she intended to or not, she put an a small show for me, 
giving me view of her from all angles.  She would turn the chair so I would get 
a side view, then face me again, looking into my eyes.  She softly grunted and 
groaned from time to time.

    I though about finding a gag for her mouth, but decided against it.  For 
some reason, I felt like I needed to release her.  Maybe I was feeling guilty 
or something, but I had to unlock her from her binds.

    'Well,' I said as I unlocked her ankles.  'That was nice, but we better get 
back to work.'

    'Oh...yes...,' she said. 'I guess we better.'

    I think she was having the same feelings I was.  I unlocked her wrists and 
gave her the keys.  She took the cuffs and keys, and placed them back into the 
desk drawer.  We continued on with our work, and didn't speak a word of what 
just happened.

    We worked for another hour before calling it quits.  I was almost eight 
o'clock.  We would start again in the morning, but knew there was another late 
night ahead of us again.

    Julie packed up and left the office before I did.  I sat in my office for a 
few minutes, think about what happened.  One the one hand, I felt guilty for 
doing it.  But on the other hand, she didn't seemed to mind it, and acculaly 
seemed to enjoy it.  I put on my coat and left the office.

    I contiuned to thing about it as I drove home.  The more I thought, the 
more I knew I couldn't let this get by me.  She admitted she liked it, and she 
still had her handcuffs, hoping it would happen again.  She didn't try to hide 
the cuffs better, and didn't tell me not to do it again.

    I found a hardware store still open and pulled into the lot.  When I got 
married, I threw away most of my bondage materials.  I sat in the car for 
several minutes, deciding what to do.  My mind made up, I went in and bought a 
couple hundread feet of soft rope.  If I was going to do this, I needed to 
resupply my inventory.  She said she liked rope better anyway.  I put it into 
my briefcase, and drove home.

    My wife was tired and went to bed early.  This gave me plenty of opertunity 
to perpare my stuff.  I cut the rope into shorter, more usefull lengths.  I lit 
a candle and burned the ends to prevent them from fraying.
    I returned my new supply to my case, threw in a old white silk scarf of my 
wifes, locked the case and went to bed.  I didn't fall to sleep for a while. I 
kept thinking about what happened that night, and what might happen the next.  
What ever would happen, I was going to be ready.

    I went to work early.  I loaded my materials into a desk drawer and locked 
it up tight.  All I needed was for someone to find this stuff.  Julie wasn't in 
yet, but popped her head in and said hello when she came in.  I still rememver 
what she was waring that day.  A light peach colored dress with a white lace 
scarf over her sholder, which is the fassion these days.  She matched a white 
belt around her waist, white lace hose on her legs, and white high heels on her 
feet.  For some reason, she seemed to look extra special that morning.

    We didn't see each other at all that morning.  We were both digging into 
last minute details.  After lunch, I went to her office to check on her 
progress.  She said she would have the data ready about three o'clock, and we 
could continue then.  I told her to come over to my office when she was ready.  
She agreed, and I went back to my office.

    I closed the door behind me, and opened the locked drawer.  I looked at the 
coils of soft white rope.  I imangiened how Julie would look, all wrapped up, 
laying on the couch in my office.  The ropes passing around her chest, the 
loops around her legs, the knots on her wrists, a soft gag between her bright 
red lips.  I felt myself getting very hard and very horny.

    I stopped dreaming when my phone rang.  As I spoke to my boss, I closed up 
the drawer and relocked it.  I went back to work, trying to consintrate on my 
work.  But I could help but wonder what was going to happen tonight.

    A little past three, Julie called and she was on her way over.  I got the 
files over to my work table, and started to lay out the sketches when she 
knocked and came in.  As she stood in the doorway, I gazed over her lovely 
body, wishing I could see more of it.  But I quickly came to me sences, and we 
got down to buisness.

    We worked for a couple of hours.  I may be wrong, but I senced something 
about my partner.  She seem excited, but a little distant, like she was 
perocupied with something.  At first I wondered if it was about last night.  
But she didn't menchion a word about it.  I also caught her looking around the 
room, like she was mapping it out.

    At five thirty, we ordered sandwitches form around the corner.  By seven, 
the cleaning crew was gone, and we were nearing the end of our work.  There was 
a couple last details that needed to be addressed, but for the most part, we 
were done.

    'Well..' I said.  'That's about it.  Another job well done.'

    'What a team.' she said.  'Let's celabrate.'

    'Alright.  How do we do that?'

    'You get us a couple of sodas, and I'll take care of things here.'
    I was going to ask her what things, but decided to let her do things her 
way.  As I walked down stairs, I figured out what she was doing.  She wanted to 
get me out of the office for a few minutes, so she could do something. I didn't 
know what that was, but decieded to give her a couple extar minutes to do it.

    When I got back up to the office, my office door was pulled closed, and a 
envelope was taped to it, addressed to me.  I opened the letter and found the 
note inside.  I was in Julie's handwritting and read a follows:

    "Inside, I have arranged for you a little celabration and extra special 
    surprise.  I've been plannig it since last night.  Please keep in mind that 
    this is for your enjoyment, as well as mine.  You have a complete freedom 
    to do whatever you want, however you want.  I hope you will enjoy this as 
    much as I hope to."

    Her signiture was on the bottom.  I had a feeling that I was about to fall 
into something wonderful.  I folded up the note, and placed it into my coat 
pocket, and entered the room to receive my surprise.

    All of the documents had been cleared off my work table.  Julie was on top 
of the table.  Her peach dress was gone.  She was waring a white lace teddy and 
panites.  Her legs were covered with the lace stockings, held up by garter 
straps on her teddy.  And she still was waring her white high heels.

    Even though she was waring less clothing, she was waring some new items.  
Her wrists were in her handcuffs, and her legs were in the legcuffs.  A white 
cloth scarf was between her teeth and tied around her head.  She was laying 
chest down on the table.  The chain from the legcuffs looped around the chain 
on the handcuffs.  Thus, she was hogtied on top of the table.

    She squirmed and wiggled in her restraints.  She also made some soft, half 
sighs, half moans from her gagged mouth.  She seemed to be enjoying herself, 
and was trying to tell me so.  A stepped up to the table and asked her if this 
is truly what she wanted.  She nodded her head.  I wasn't going to ask again.

    I unlocked one of the handcuffs, and unlooped it from the legcuff chain.  
Then I relocked it, rolled her over onto her back, and sat down in a chair.  
For the next several minutes, I just looked over her body.

    She really was attractive, and was well built.  Her chest was full, almost 
to big for the small waist she had.  Her thighs and calf were perfectly formed. 
Her hips were suppel and her arms slender. She had the kind of face that looked 
innocent, yet suductive, like a virgin bride on her wedding night.  And she had 
the kind of mouth you wanted to kiss for hours, but still made to ware a gag.

    Since I was in control of the situatioin, I decided to rearrange my lovely 
captive to a position of my liking.  I placed her on her feet, and made her sit 
down in one of my office guest chairs.  I then went to my desk, and got out my 
new ropes and gag.

    'You see' I said as I help the ropes up for her to see, 'you're not the 
only one who had been thinking up things since last night.'
    I unlocked her wrists from her cuffs and tied each wrist to a arm of the 
chair.  I also wound rope around her elbows and to the chair.  I then unlocked 
her ankles and tied each ankle and upper calf to a leg of the chair.  I then 
took one long strand of rope and wound the rope above and below her chest, thus 
I tied her upper body to the back of the chair.

    I pulled the cloth scarf out of her mouth for a moment.  As I prepared my 
own gag, she struggled in her ropes.

    'You're very good at this.' she said.  'No slack in the ropes.  All knots 
away from my fingers.  Everything nice and tight.'

    'That will be enough talk from you, if you don't mind.' I said as I 
regagged her mouth.

    'Yes,' I continued. 'I believe I am very good at this.  I know how to keep 
you tightly held, and in whatever position I want.'

    'You see, I prefer rope to all other types of binding restraints.  Others 
may hold better, or look more impressive, but rope is by far the best.  It's 
the most flexable type.  You can do more things with it, and you can make it as 
tight as you want.  I also like the silk gag over that cloth one you were 
waring. It looks much better and much more attractive on you.  I thought you 
would like it.'

    As I spoke to her, I was running my fingers over he body, making her twitch 
and wiggle in her ropes.

    'I have a few more things to do.' I said as I stood up. 'I don't think 
you'll mind though.  Enjoy this for a few moments, and get the know the feeling 
of the ropes against your skin.  You'll be feeling a lot more of it and in a 
lot more ways before the night is over.'  I sat down behind my desk, and did a 
few minutes worth of paper work.

    At first, I think she was a little mad at me.  Here she did all this for 
me, and here I sat, doing damned paper work.  But she did say to do whatever I 
wanted, so that's what I was going to do.

    The chair creaked as she struggled against the ropes.  I think she thought 
that this was going to be easy to get out of.  But as the minutes went by, she 
grunted a little, and become more and more fustrated.

    She couldn't get out.  And that seemed to turn her on.  Her grunts turned 
to moans, and her struggling became more of inducing pleasure rather that to 
gain freedom.  Within a few minutes, she was getting hotter that ever before.

    After about ten minutes of this, I came back over to her.  'Now you have my 
undivided attention.' I said to her.  I began to remove the ropes from her 
body, but did it so I could retie her as I went along.

    I started with her legs.  I untied them from the chair, but then tied them 
tightly together at the knees and ankles.  I then untied the ropes around her 
upper body.  At last, her wrists were released.  But as soon as they were free, 
I pulled them behind her back and quickly tied them together.
    With her hands now secured, I made her stand up.  I wound rope around her 
elbows and gently pulled them closer and closer together. I was truly surprised 
when they finally touched.  She didn't seem in any pain, and she actualy sighed 
when they did touch.  I tied them together so they were barily touching one 
another.

    Lastly, I wound rope around her chest and arms, pinning her arms to her 
back.  I carfully picked her up, and carried her over to the couch.  I laid her 
face down, so I could get a good look at her legs and back side.

    Again she struggled, but found it impossible to get free.  She didn't seem 
uncomfortable at all, or in any kind of pain.  She trully was the kind of lady 
I had been dreaming about for years.

    I lightly ran my fingers over her nylon covered legs.  She seemed to shiver 
with excitment as I did.  My hands romed over her back and ass.  I wanted to 
get a look at the fleshy behind, so I slowly pulled the panties down to her 
knees.  It was firm, soft and smooth.  For several minutes, all I could do was 
rub my hands over it.  She didn't mind, for she sighed as I did, and her pussy 
was getting wet.

    I then rolled her over onto her back, and lightly carresed her shoulders 
and chest.  I slowly pulled the teddy off her shoulders and freed her breasts.  
They were white from the lack of sun, but still firm and full.  Her nipples 
were hard from excitment, and seemed to get harder when I played with them and 
lightly squized her chest.  She really enjoyed it when I licked and lightly 
sucked them.  Her breathing got stronger, and she moaned deeply into her gag.

    Since I was getting horny too, I decided to put her into her last position. 
I carried her over to my conference table and laid her on top of it.  I untied 
her ropes and removed her panites, but left the gag in her mouth.  I made her 
more comfortable by placing a small pillow under her head.  I then procedded to 
tie her down to the table top.

    My table is a small round one, so she didn't lay completely on top.  Her 
legs bent at the knees when I spread them apart, looped rope around her ankles 
and heels, and tied them to the support post.  And when I roped her wrists 
together and pulled her hands over her head, they pulled past the table top.  
But it sure did the trick.  She was security tied down, with her beautiful body 
open and available to me.  Her full, red lips were around the soft silk scarf, 
only soft moans and sighs allowed to escape from them.

    For the most part, she was naked.  She still was waring her sexy teddy, the 
garters straps were holding up her stockings, and her high heels were on.  But 
her private parts were exposed to me, to do what I wanted with.  So I decided 
to even things out.  With her eyes watching my every move, I slowly stripped 
off my cloths.  She seemed to like it, for with each article of clothing she 
got more and more excited.
    At last, I was down to my shorts.  These I pulled off to show her my raging 
hardon.  I'm over seven inches when erect, and nice and thick to go with it.  
Julie liked it, it seems, for she moaned when she saw it.  I moved up to her 
face, to give her a good look at it.  She tried to reach it with her lips, but 
of course, she couldn't.  I stroked it gently, and she went wild.  She wanted 
to do it herself, but couldn't.

    I decided to play doctor.  My hands examined the patient.  Her soft skin, 
her fleshy mounds, her smooth legs, and her hot, wet box.  I fingered her and 
played with her clit.  She was so excited that she climaxed within a minute.  
Her body trembled, and a loud moan slipped through her gag.  After she relaxed 
for a moment, I started in again, but decided to take it a step further.

    I moved my face between her legs, and dove in.  My lips kissed and lightly 
sucked, and my tounge fluttered and probed into her.  Her juices tasted so 
sweet.  She thrashed her body around as far as the ropes would let her.  Again 
she came quickly, but just as intense as a few moments earlier.

    I let her rest again for a moment, but decided that it was my turn for an 
orgasm.  I slowly crawled on top of her, had slowly pushed my cock into her.  
As I did, she sighed very deeply, and her eyes seemed to say to me "What took 
you so long?  I've been wanting this all night."

    It wasn't long before she was moaning with pleasure again, and I along with 
her.  The table creaked every time I pushed into her.  Her pussy felt so good.  
She moved her hips as much as she could.  Within a minute, I was pumping like 
mad, wanting to come inside her like I did when I was a horny teenager.

    I felt my load boiling up in my testicals.  She seemed to know it, for when 
I made one last thrust into her, she pushed up with her hips to get me as far 
as I could.  I made a loud groan and shot a huge load of spearm into her.  She 
came at the same time, groaning just as loud.  It felt sensational.  I hadn't 
had an orgasm like that for years.

    I pulled the gag from her mouth and kissed her deeply.  We seemed to lay 
there for hours, with our lips attached to one another.  At last, I looked into 
her eyes.  She seemed to look very happy, content, and satified.

    I pulled off of her, and untied her from the table.  We both got dressed 
and sat down on the couch in each others arms.  We talked for a few moments.  
She told me how much she enjoyed that, and what it ment to her.  It told her 
that that was the kind of thing I liked to do.

    It was getting late, and we decided to go home.  I put away my ropes, and 
locked up my desk.  We reorganised the room to make it look like it normally 
did.  We left the office together, and I walked her to her car.  There, for one 
sweet moment, we kissed passionatly, then parted and went home.

    I laid awake in bed for a while before falling asleep.  I recounted the 
events of the past few hours, and wondered what tomorrow was going to bring.  I 
had happy dreams that night, with Julie in every one of them.

    I got to work early the next morning.  Julie was already there, and came 
into my office behind me.  She looked uptight.
    'Can I talk to you about last night, alone?' she asked.  Her tone of voice 
was very strange.  I sujested we go to lunch together, but she wanted to see me 
after work.  I agreeded.  The rest of the day, I wondered if she was going to 
drop a bomb on last night, or sujest we don't work together again.

    A few minutes past five, she came into my office, closing and locking the 
door behind her.  I was a little fearful, not knowing what she was about to do 
or say.  She sat down in one of my guest chairs, across from me with my desk 
between us.

    'About last night' she started.  'First of all, I have to tell you I didn't 
get much sleep last night.'  I told her I didn't either.  'I kept thinking 
about what we did.  I must admit, I never had such a wonderful experiance as 
that.  I lost count on how many times I came.'

    I told her how much I enjoyed the night before myself.  'Please, let me 
finish before you speek.'  I remained silent for the rest of her speach.  She 
stood up and paced the room, hardly looking at me.

    'Like I said, last night was wonderful.  It had been such a long time since 
I had done something like that, I mean, being tied up and all.  But I guess I 
needed it, and want it a lot more than I get it.  Whenever I'm tied up and 
under a man's control, I feel my sexist, and have the best orgasms.  Last night 
was no exception.  It was then best sex I've had in years.  And I think I'm 
right in saying that you enjoyed it too.'

    She looked over at me and smiled.  'Do you know what I'm getting at?' she 
asked.  I responed by saying that she thought last night was great, but that 
was it, once, but not again.  'No, thats not it, silly.' she said as she 
laughed.  'What I'm trying to say is, we know each other preaty well, and after 
last night, we know a lot about one another.  What I'm sujesting is that I need 
to be tied up and ravished by a man, more often than I do now.  My husband 
won't do it for me.  What I'm asking you is, will you do it for me?'

    I was in shock.  I didn't say a word as she spoke.  She said she knew we 
were both married, but we both wanted something more.  She wasn't going to 
devorce her husband, and didn't expect me to leave my wife.  She just wanted, 
from time to time, to be bound hand and foot and to be taken advantage of.  
Finally I spoke.

    'Let me be as honest with you as you have been with me.  Yes, I did enjoy 
last night, and I have thought about it all day.  I loved tying you up and play 
with your sweet body for hours.  And I've thought of how we could get away with 
again and again.  We could do it, but we must be very descreet about it.'  She 
agreeded, moved over to the couch, and started to make our plans.

    Since we worked late many nights, we could easily use the office for our 
games.  She described some ideas she had, and I told her mine.  Our travling 
was even better way to play.  We could sleep together, and no one would know.  
After a hour or so, made a agreement to remain silent about this, and tell no 
one.  She then stood up, and opened her purse.
    'Now that we have that settled, I want to thank you, both for last night, 
and for what we are about to do.'  She took out her hand and legcuffs.  She got 
down on her knees in front of me, locked her ankles in the leg cuffs, and 
locked her wrists behind her back.  She then told me to drop my pants and let 
her suck my cock.

    Naturaly, I did, and she immeditaly began to give me the best blow job of 
my life.  I sat back and let her do her work.  She moved up and down my cock 
slowly at first.  But with each moment, she moved faster and faster until I was 
ready to shoot.  When I did, she took every drop I pumped into her face, and 
swallowed it down.  When I was finsihed, I decided to recipercate.

    I unlocked her ankles, and made her sit on the edge of my desk, near the 
center, then gagged her with the silk scarf.  I lifted her skirt to find a 
garter belt and stockings, and satin panites.  I slowly pulled her panties off 
her legs.  I then got some rope, spread her ankles, and tied them to the legs 
of the desk.  Thus she was open to me.

    I didn't waste any time.  I got on my knees, and ate her wet pussy.  She 
tasted as good as the night before.  I brought her off twice before I untied 
her ankles.  I retied them together, turned her around so she was bent over my 
desk, and plowed my cock deep into her crotch for behind.

    I fucked her for several minutes.  She was moaning into her gag, and I was 
groaning myself.  I felt my second load building, burried my cock in as far as 
I could, and pumped my jism into her.  She moaned loudly and came again when 
she felt me explode inside her.  I pulled out and untied her.

    From that point on, we have had a great relationship, both professional and 
personal.  We're very carfull not to get caught, and play it cool when we are 
people around.  We both get what we want.  I'll bind her up several different 
ways, and do as I please.

    Sometimes, I don't let her come for hours, other times, I try to see how 
many orgasm she can have.  Sometimes, we do it fast and repeatedly, other times 
we take our time an make it last for hours.  On lunch hours, we do it quick and 
dirty.  She might sit on my lap and rides me, with her hands tied behind her 
back.  At night, she might be tied to the board room table spread eagle (her 
favorite) or get it from behind as she is bound bent over the receptionists 
desk and gagged.

    When we travel, we carry a load of ropes, cuffs, belts and gags.  We both 
have purchased special items that we like to use.  My favorite is leather 
wrist-to-ankles straps the hold her tightly, and allow me to get in and do the 
job.  She likes being gagged with the bright red ball gag I bought special for 
her.

    Well, that's my story, which has run much to long.  We have tried so many 
different things, I can't begin to tell you about them.  Let's just say we 
haven't got bored yet.


    P.S.  I just showed this to Julie.  She loved it, and wants me to write a 
sequel to it another time.  I probably will, when I have the time.
--
