An Old Fashioned Girl				76334,2303


     I awoke some time before my alarm went off, as usual.  I lay
there in the cozy, warm darkness enjoying the sensation of moving
my toes and fingers in the slick softness of my silken sheets and
nightgown, turning very slightly from side to side to feel the
unyielding stiffness and scintillating tightness of my long,
confining night corset, straining my wrists ever so gently
against the implacable steel of the handcuffs which restrain my
arms behind me at night.  I'll wait until the music comes on my
clock radio at 7 before I get up and carefully cross the room to
my dressing table, where I've left the key to my handcuffs.  Only
then will I be able to remove the tight, padded satin blindfold
which has kept me in the cozy, warm darkness long past the rising
of the sun.

     Now begins the morning ritual of undressing completely for
the bath.  First the long, billowy Victorian nightgowns, with
their acres of soft, shiny silk; next, the task of unlacing the
long night corset, untying the knot at the waist, freeing the
yards of braided silk ribbon that were wrapped around my waist,
after being so carefully and tightly pulled through the 36 pairs
of eyelets only last night, releasing the terrific pressure that
has confined my body from shoulders to knees all through the
night, imposing a much more desirable shape upon my willing
flesh, strictly training and disciplining, yet lovingly caressing
me.  Finally the sides of the corset are far enough apart that
the studs on the steel busk can be unslotted and the corset
removed.  The sensation of relief at my release from the night's
prison makes me think that today I will leave off my corsets and
go about free and unconfined.  But before I am even finished with
my bath I will be longing for the embrace, the warmth, the
security of my corsets, and I will tightly lace myself up for yet
another day.

     Once the corset is off, the silk drawers and chemise follow
quickly, leaving only the task of peeling off the very tight,
silky lycra support stockings which keep my legs in such perfect
condition.  Nakedness, so prized by so many, is very different
for me.  I love my pretty body; I care for it scrupulously with a
strictly proper diet and two or three hours of ballet, modern
dance, and bicycling every day, plus frequent long walks.  But my
body doesn't come alive until it is covered with layers of silk
and snugly confined inside a stiff, tightly-laced corset.

     After a brisk scrub I dry myself, wiggle into a pair of my
support stockings, and begin to dress for the day.  My
involvement in graduate school and the consulting work I do
rarely give me a day (except for weekends) to enjoy the luxuries
of Victorian dresses during the day.  So I choose less
voluminous, tailored lingerie, whose bulk won't show beneath my
clothing.  I usually wear "combinations," a lovely garment
resulting from combining the chemise with the drawers.  I always
wear two pair, as I like the two layers of silk beneath my
corsets; they add a certain measure of "lubrication" between my
body and the corsets, making them considerably less confining,
and eliminating chafing altogether.  I have to admit that the
multiple layers of silk sliding back and forth over each other is
very stimulating to me.

     My day corsets all fit me about the same: from armpit to
hips, with the waist forced low against the top of the pelvis
(pretty much the design of the late 1890's).  They differ in
stiffness, degree of compression, and amount of constriction
about the ribs and diaphragm.  My daily choice is made according
to my expected activities.  If I'm going to be sitting around in
the library, studying, I will choose a much more severe one than
if I'm going to be shopping or lunching with a client.  During
the day I always wear a pair of regular nylon stockings (the
flat-knitted, non-stretch kind with seams and reinforced heel and
toe) gartered to my corset.  I wear another silk combination over
the corset.  Finally, a couple of frilly slips and then my
clothes.

     My favorite "modern" clothes are silk blouses with long,
billowy sleeves, and a full skirt, usually of a heavier silk or
muted satin.  I also love patterned silk dresses, especially the
shirtwaist style.  I wear my dresses quite long, about half-way
to my ankles, a length which is always fashionable.  I usually
wear a nice wool jacket or a light blazer on top, depending on
the temperature.  I've always worn hats, and lately I've begun to
experiment with veils.  I'm sure I wouldn't get near as many
stares if I lived in New York or Los Angeles, but here in Salt
Lake you just don't see that many hats, let alone veils.

Like it?  Want more?  Email me!    Tight Hugs     ><   Jeff  76334,2303
