Archive-name: Affairs/oldflame.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Old Flame


This is a true account of how my wife and I began our current
'Open marriage' lifestyle. We realize that an open marriage is not
right for everyone but it has worked out great of us. Although I
have only been with three other women. Two of those were at a
swing party we attended. Peggy has had over fifteen different
lovers. She is currently involved with two other men and sees them
both almost every week. Sometimes for only an afternoon quicky
while other times spending the entire night with her lover. Anyway
this is how we began.

Peggy and I have been happily married for eight years. Fortunately
I have been somewhat successful in business and this has afforded
us some of life luxuries. We own a condo on the beach and since my
work involves a lot of travel I became a licenced pilot and
purchased a 4 place single engine airplane.  

Peggy spends much of her time at the country club playing golf and
tennis and working out in the gym. She maintains her all over tan
year round at the clubs tanning booths. She has a beautiful face
surrounded by her medium length blond hair and has always enjoyed
teasing men, showing her beauty and by the way men look at her.

Like most couples we have sexual fantasies involving other people.
These fantasies mostly involved Peggy having sex with other men
and we have even discussed who it could be. I especially wanted to
watch Peggy to have sex with a complete stranger. Someone who
neither of us knew or would likely ever meet again. We of course
would meet this individual in another town and would not exchange
names making future meetings unlikely. 

Like most fantasies I felt this was not likely to ever happen but
it gave us a lot of excitement talking about it. I did encourage
her to enjoy sex with other men she became attracted to os long as
she told me the details of her encounters.

On this occasion Peggy took advantage of her sexual freedom. It
all began with a chance encounter with a man who she had dated
briefly while in college. She had slept with this man on their
first date and continued to have sex with him throughout her
senior year. Her college friend had been in town on business and
had been invited to our club by his business acquaintance. He saw
Peggy leaving the tennis courts and invited her to have a drink
with him. She accepted his offer. 

After catching each other up on the lost years their talk turned
to their college days. He mentioned how he remembered those days.
The two of them making love in her dorm room and in the back seat
of his car. Peggy laughed and told him that she had not had sex in
the back seat of a car since then. He teased her by asking if she
wanted to try it once more for old times sake. Peggy replied that
it would be nice but not in the back seat o a car. "Where then?"
he asked. Knowing I had encouraged her and was out of town and
wouldn't be late she offered "Well, I don't have a dorm room now,
but I do have a bedroom." The two walked out of the club to their
cars where Peggy's friend followed her home.

That night I arrived home about 11:30. Peggy was watching TV in a
sexy black nighty. "I've got a surprise for you tonight." she
said. I noticed she was not wearing panties. "Bet I know what it
is." I replied. "You'll get that too but that's not the surprise."
she said. I quickly thought of important dates, it wasn't our
anniversary. Not anyone's birthday I could think of. "I give. What
is it?" I asked. Giving me a peck on the lips she answered.
"You'll just have to wait until you shower and come to bed." Peggy
started for our upstairs bedroom. Our sex life had always been
great so when Peggy said she had a surprise for me in our bed I
became excited and very curious.

I bolted for the stairs removing my shirt along the way. Passing
Peggy near the top of the stairs I said. "Just keep it warm, wet
and ready. I'll be showered in no time." "Its dripping wet now and
so hot it'll burn you." Peggy giggled.

I quickly showered and dried. Entering the bedroom I saw Peggy had
dimmed the lights and had opened a bottle of champagne. My cock
was standing tall as I got between the sheets, ready for my
surprise. I jumped as my leg and ass lay against a large wet place
in the bed "Geez, honey. What did you do spill something in the
bed?" "No, Why do you ask?" she was teasing me now. "Well someone
spilt something here and since you're the only one here..."
Stopping my sentence Peggy said still teasing "Well it's true I'm
the only one here now but someone else could have been here.
Anyway, that wetness is more of a leak than a spill."

My mind raced trying to imagine what Peggy was taking about. The
image of Peggy fucking someone in our bed passed before my eyes
but I was sure it couldn't be that. "What do you mean by it's more
like a leak?" I asked. "Well," Peggy began "you know how you have
been wanting me to fuck someone else." "You mean..." "Yes. Yes, I
did it. I fucked another man right where you're laying and the
wetness is his cum that leaked out of me. In fact it's still
leaking out if you care to check."

Suddenly I became super excited. Visions of my wife laying under
another man, her ass arching up to meet his downward thrust. "You
mean you really did it. You really fucked someone else right
here?" I said excitedly as I maneuvered myself between Peggy's
thighs. "Yes I did it. I really did it and it was fantastic." she
said. 

As my face buried into the silky wetness of my wife's pussy I
pleaded. "Tell me about it. Tell me everything." I knew she was
being truthful now. Peggy's pussy was super wet and I could taste
the unmistakable taste of a man's cum. "You eat and I'll tell you
everything." 

Peggy began telling me of her afternoon. She told me of her chance
meeting at the club and how she had invited her friend to our
house and into our bed. She said that as they undressed each other
she had taken him into her mouth. She said she had almost
forgotten how thick his cock was. He was still uncircumcised and
was so excited that he shot his first load in less than two
minutes. Peggy said that he had so much cum and that it was so
thick that she couldn't swallow fast enough and some of the thick
white semen had leaked down her chin and onto her boobs. Her
friend leaned down and took her boob into his mouth, cleaning her
boob of his own cum. They then embraced and kissed as they lay
back on the bed. 

Her friend continued to kiss her breast and finger her pussy as
they kissed and caressed each other. Soon he was between her legs,
his tongue flicking her clit then darting inside her pussy. Peggy
said he would almost bring her to a climax then change his rhythm.
Sometimes his tongue would find her ass and slowly trace around
and across the opening. 

Peggy loved a rim job and I knew she must have been super hot by
her old friends actions. With his tongue back to her pussy he
brought her to an explosive orgasm. She told me that she was sure
our neighbors heard her screams of pleasure. His cock, erect
again, he had climbed on top of my wife. Sinking his manhood into
her wetness the two of them fucked for what Peggy described as
hours. 

I'm sure it wasn't that long but she did tell me they had changed
positions several times. Sometimes with her on top fucking him.
Sometimes in dog fashion, his cock slamming into her depths. Peggy
had several orgasms before her friend sent his second load of cum
deep into her. He had been on top of her when he came and she said
this is when most of the bed wetting happened.

Peggy said that both of them were so exhausted from fucking that
they had fallen asleep with his cock still inside her. 

It was already dark when she was awakened by her friend. His cock
was once again hard and he was slowly fucking her. Their rhythm
quickened as both came fully awake and more excited. Peggy told me
of how he had fucked her pussy then her ass then back to her pussy
before cumming inside her pussy again.

She said it was almost eleven before they finished fucking. She
had tried to get him to stay the night so I could watch her fuck
him but she said he was too nervous to stay.

Peggy had two orgasms as I ate her pussy and she told me of her
encounter. My own cock had spent itself on the bed but had
remained hard. I climbed on top of her and sank my cock into her
pussy. Still tremendously excited by sloppy seconds I exploded
within a minute. As we lay still. My cock still inside her, she
said. "Ummm. My pussy feels great. Sore but great. Three hot loads
of cum inside me. Three hot loads still filling my pussy and one
huge load in my belly feels great."

My cock was stirring again. I kissed her passionately as I began
to pump my cock into her pussy. Peggy was meeting my thrust with
her own. Soon it would be four hot loads inside her.

--
