Archive-name: Family/oldrsist.txt
Archive-author: Jonathan Fairbanks
Archive-title: My Older Sister


Here's another story.  It's in a similar vein as the 'Dawn' story.  Tell
me what you think.

- Jonathan.
 
                        -- My Older Sister --
 
 
     My sister was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen when we were 
growing up.  Jenny was only a little older than my eighteen years, but 
she matured long before I did.  By the time my cock started reacting 
to female flesh, my sister  had a body that was driving older boys and 
men crazy.  To me, it was pure torture in my own home.  My first hard-
ons were caused by her.  I don't know how many gallons of cum I shot 
in the middle of the night with Jenny as the star in one of my 
frequent, vivid wet-dreams.
 
     Dreaming about her wasn't all that I did.  I lusted after her all 
day --- and not just in my heart, either.
 
     It started slowly.  I would catch a quick glimpse of her coming 
from the shower; the damp, tight towel wrapped around Jenny's sweet,
young body, only further emphasizing her wondrous curves.  When she 
saw me watching, she always seemed to linger, finding some important 
task that required her to stay within my sight after her shower.  The 
towel fought a battle with her supple, young body.  The rough material 
seemed to caress her creamy-white tits.  Once in a while, the towel 
would lose the battle, slipping just enough for me to peek at her 
luscious titties, or her brown, fur-covered cunt.
 
     Growing up around my sister was interesting.  Hell, it was more 
than just interesting --- it was exciting.  I wasn't alone, though.  I 
quickly found that Jenny enjoyed our games as much as I did.
 
     She teased me in little ways that changed subtly as my body 
thickened and matured.  Looks became touches, and then caresses.  The 
last summer she lived with us, Jenny was really into tanning in our 
fenced backyard.  She let me lotion her back when the folks were out.  
Her old, black, one-piece suit evolved into as skimpy bikini, usually 
with the top untied.  She now had much more skin that needed a coating 
of tanning oil.  I happily volunteered for the job.  I liked touching 
the back of her sexy frame, but I pushed it until I was actually 
rubbing the more interesting side.  She didn't fight much.  Jenny's 
firm, heavy, nicely tanned boobs were the first ones I ever touched.
 
     Did I get to fuck her?  No, damn it!  We never did anything.  Not 
even a quick hand-job.  I wanted it, and I think she did, too.  We 
just didn't have the time to let it happen.  While I was just entering 
college, she moved out west to live with some guy.
 
     Our reunion came after a long, tearful phone call that I received 
two months ago.  Jenny said that everything had gone wrong.  Her 
boyfriend turned out to be an asshole, and he had skipped out on her.  
Our parents said that she should move back with them.  I made the same 
offer, and to my surprise, Jenny said that she would be arriving at my 
apartment the next night --- if it was okay with me.
 
     I was attending college about a thousand miles from our family 
home.  I was pretty good at football in high school, and they're 
providing me with a full-ride scholarship here.  I'm a real freshman, 
not one of those red-shirt guys, but I started every game this year.  
The apartment was owned by one of the team boosters.  I was supposed 
to be house-sitting for him.  Yeah, right.  House-sitting --- for as 
long as I kept catching footballs, that is.  Anyway, it was no place 
for me to live for free.
 
     When I opened the door for my big sister on that night two months 
ago, she was even more lovely than my memories of her.  All of twenty-
one now, Jenny had colored her hair.  She was now a blonde.  The long 
curls fell around her shoulders, framing that angelic face I had seen 
on the succubus haunting so many of my horny dreams.  I couldn't see 
much of her body, but what little I did see looked nice --- really 
nice.
 
     We sat on the couch until late in the night, talking about all 
the things that had happened to us over the last three years.  Jenny 
had arrived with a couple of bottles of wine.  The first was already 
gone, and we were putting a pretty good dent in the second one.  I 
guess we were both becoming a little tipsy.
 
     Then she started to talk about that last summer --- that last 
summer when our sexplay had almost got out of hand.
 
     "I was mean to you, Davy," she giggled.
 
     "What do you mean, Sis?"
 
     "I used to tease you," she said, her laughter making those big, 
beautiful, braless tits shimmy under her blouse.  "It was kinda fun, 
though, knowing that you were so excited by me."
 
     "I guess," I stammered, my eyes locked on her visible nipples.
 
     "No," she insisted.  "I was mean.  I knew that I was making you 
all worked up over me.  I loved it when I made you hard.  I could 
always tell, too.  I used to go inside afterwards and finger myself 
until I got off."
 
     "Jeez, Sis!" I gasped.
 
     "Mmmm," she purred, sinking into the couch, her hand somehow over 
on my thigh before I actually realized it.  "Yeah.  I remember when I 
let you put lotion on my titties that first time.  I went to bed later 
and played with myself, thinking about you suffering under that little 
swimsuit.  God!  You grew so big that the head of your thing was 
sticking out in the open."
 
     "It did?" I blurted out, astonished that she had known that.
 
     "Did you do it, too?" she asked, turning that pretty face to look 
deeply into my eyes.
 
     Jenny was moving on the couch now, her sexy body squirming as she 
humped her hips up a little.  Her hand had moved.  The fingers were 
now on the inside of my thigh, creeping upward slowly.  "You know," 
she continued, no longer giggling.  "Did you play with your cock, 
thinking about me?"
 
     Jenny leaned closer.  Her lips came toward mine.  Closer.  Then 
closer still.  The pink, moist tip of her tongue came out.  It ran 
slowly around her slightly parted lips until they glistened in the 
light.  The last inch between us disappeared, and her lips found mine. 
Her tongue was insistent, worming into my mouth and fighting an
intertwining battle with my own.
 
     By the time the kiss broke, we were both panting.
 
     "You're hard right now, Davy," she whispered, her hand searching 
until she confirmed that undeniable fact.  "Mmmm, yes.  You're all big 
and hard for me."
 
     Jenny took charge.  She opened her blouse, showing me those 
beautiful tits of hers.  Trembling fingers pulled off my T-shirt.  Our 
next kiss was skin to skin, her tits mashing into my chest.  Her hands 
searched for the buttons on my jeans.  She had me naked in seconds, 
and then her own clothing followed, joining in the pile near the 
couch.
 
     She hadn't changed in three years, other than her tits were a 
little heavier.  Her body was also somehow fuller and more sexy --- 
without her having gained a pound in weight.  This time, though, I 
didn't have to be happy with just looking and pretending to lotion her 
body.  This time I could touch freely, and be touched just as openly 
in return.
 
     Jenny settled down between my open legs.  Her big tits dragged 
down over my belly, crossing over my cock in a wondrous, sliding 
delight that was over much too soon.  As exciting and heavenly as her 
naked tits on my cock and balls felt, I quickly forgot all about the 
thrill as she spoke, saying things I'd only dreamed of hearing.
 
     "I'm gonna do you, Davy," she said, wetting her lips again and 
staring straight at my rock-hard boner.
 
     "God!" I groaned.
 
     "I'm gonna suck you off," she mewled, squirming delightfully 
between my thighs.  "I shouldn't have teased you, baby.  I'm gonna 
make up for that right now.  Come for me.  Come in my mouth."
 
     As I looked on in awe, my beautifully naked sister's lips dropped 
down, touching the head of my prick.  It jerked, bobbing back and 
forth over her lips.  A shiny bubble of pre-cum burst as she kissed my 
cockhead.  The slippery fluid stuck to her lips, stringing out from my 
prick as she looked up into my eyes once more.
 
     She knew I was watching.  Jenny smiled.  Then she licked her lips 
and moaned.  My cum-trail broke, melting into her tongue.  The nipples 
pressing into my thighs were upright and urgent now, denting my flesh 
with their rubbery hardness.
 
     "Jeez, Jenny," I whispered.  "Are we really doing this?  It's not 
another dream, is it?  I can't really believe that we're finally doing 
it.  I've wanted to fuck you for so long."
 
     "Me, too, honey, but not right now," she said, her tongue
slipping out to swipe over the magic inch just under my piss-slit.  "I 
want our first fuck to be nice.  You're too hot right now.  Let me get 
you off.  I love giving head, anyway.  Let me make this one in my 
mouth; then you'll last longer when you get inside my pussy."
 
     Jenny stopped talking.  She was too busy for speech.  Opening her 
mouth, she dropped down all around my jerking length.
 
     "Ooooh," I groaned.
 
     My big sister was sucking on my prick --- not just sucking, but
making love to me with her mouth.  She had told me that she loved 
giving head, and now she was proving it.  She opened wide, taking more 
than half of my throbbing thickness between her nibbling lips.  The 
silky smoothness of her lips slid up and down, ovaling over my hard-
on.  Inside her sweet mouth, that teasing tongue of my sister's was 
flicking wildly, never stopping as she started bobbing her head up and 
down.  She bathed every inch of my aching hard-on with her sweet 
tongue as she sucked and slid her lips around my purple-headed prick.
 
     I tried to stay still, but I had to push my cock up, driving it 
into her mouth, practically fucking my sister's face.
 
     Jenny purred, pumping her head in time with my thrusts.
 
     I watched my older sister's pretty face as she worked her magic 
around my raging hard-on.  She really enjoying this.  Jenny licked and 
nibbled and sucked over my prick, moaning deeply in her throat every 
time I jerked from her lewd attention.  The hotter she became, the 
further my hard cock seemed to sink into her mouth.  I felt the rubber 
back of her throat, thinking that I was as far in as I was going to 
get.  However, one more moan, and the head of my boner slipped down 
into the milking wonderland of her throat.
 
     Jenny was right about one thing.  I was too hot to last.  Jenny 
must have known.  She pulled up, freeing my prick from her throat.  
Her pretty face twisted with lust as she started bobbing up and down 
faster.  Her snake-like tongue was back, doing things to my raw nerve-
endings that were heavenly.  Her hand was cupping my balls, urging the 
hot cum that was building inside them.
 
     I tried to warn Jenny that I was coming, but she only moaned and 
tightened her grip around my balls.  When I came, she stayed with me 
right through the shuddering blast.  She took it --- right in her 
mouth!  That only made me come more.
 
     Jenny slurped up every drop, even licking the small amount that 
had escaped onto my belly.  Again, she surprised me.  She didn't stop; 
if anything, she started doing even sexier things to me.  Her fingers 
dropped under my balls, massaging my asshole.  And then her heavy, 
grapefruit-sized tits were back, dragging up over my cock.
 
     "Stay hard, baby," she groaned, her flushed face showing me just 
how hot she had become.
 
     Shit.  After hearing that, I was willing to bet my cock wouldn't 
go down for a week.  I pulled Jenny up.  She rolled with me, falling 
to position easily.  My own sister parted her legs for me.  She 
opened, and then I was pushing inside, slipping into that oozing
tunnel of pure delight.  My first stroke filled her, long and deep and
tight.  Jenny was moaning into my ear, urging me to fuck her --- to
fuck her harder, deeper, faster.
 
     My arms went under her upraised legs.  She pushed up on my chest 
to tell me what she wanted.  I propped my sister up, preparing her for 
the pounding fuck that I knew she wanted.
 
     "Like this?" I gasped, wanting to please her so much.
 
     "Yes!" she hissed.  "Fuck me, Davy!  I've been wanting this for 
so long.  Ooooh, fuck me!"
 
     As I was stroking my still-hard cock into Jenny, I thought that 
this was the best that sex could possibly get.  She has since taught 
me several little tricks that proved just how wrong I was.  However, 
right then, I was in heaven.  I could see her pretty face responding 
to everything I was doing to her.  My long, slow strokes built her 
passions.  When I hit her hard and fast and unexpectedly, she 
shuddered way up inside, her inner charms rippling along the full 
length of my buried boner.
 
     "I'm coming, baby!" Jenny screamed aloud.  "God, I'm coming!"
 
     I had been fucking my sister, but her climax changed that.  
Suddenly she was fucking back at me.  She squirmed around, ending with 
her hands gripping my biceps.  Her feet were flat on the couch beside 
my hips.  As she fucked up to me, her cunt was like a velvet glove 
coated with the slickest lubricant.  She milked around me, the wicked 
smile on her face telling me that it was on purpose.
 
     "Mmmmm," moaned my nasty big sister.  "You like that, baby?  My 
little brother likes his sister's nice, tight pussy?"
 
     I had stopped moving.  I was pressed up as if at the top of a 
push-up.  Under me, Jenny was anything but still.  She was wild.  She 
squirmed and shivered, working every muscle in her luscious, young 
body for my enjoyment.  She fucked up to me, trying to screw her 
entire body up over my aching hard-on.
 
     "Come," she purred.  "Shoot off inside me, Davy.  I'm safe.  You 
don't have to worry.  Don't pull out.  Oooooh, God!  Let me feel it.  
Let me feel your hot cum, baby."
 
     The hot wetness of my sister's soul was bubbling out around my 
prick.  I'd just blasted off in her mouth a few minutes before, but 
her naughty words were making my cock jerk again.  I started to stroke 
in and out of her silky fuck-hole in time with her upward thrusts.
 
     Even with this first fuck, Jenny knew the perfect thing to do --- 
for both of us.  She pulled me forward just enough to put the sawing 
ridge of my prick over her swollen clitty.  In seconds, she was 
coming.  I was behind her by about two strokes.  That fiery, pink 
slash between her legs sucked the juice out of my body.  I came so 
hard that little lights burned into the back of my closed eyelids just 
as I collapsed over her panting body.
 
     Jenny is still living here, her short visit turning into
something much more permanent.  She's in class as I write this.  Jenny 
signed up for summer school.  By fall, she'll be caught up with me.  
From what I can see, her grades are going to be a hell of a lot higher 
than mine, too.  No one thinks anything about my sister living with 
me.  They figure that she's going to help me with my classes.  They're 
probably right.
 
     Jenny goes out on dates.  I do, too.  But when we return home, 
behind our locked doors, I love my older sister --- and she loves me 
back.
 
--
