Archive-name: Bestial/olemidnt.txt
Archive-author: Tim
Archive-title: Ole Midnight


  Looking around the milkhouse, everything looking very 
shiny and clean. The old rock floor had been scrubbed and 
washed down. We had set all six cans full of milk out for 
Raymond. Raymond was the driver of the truck that came every 
morning except Sunday to pick up the milk and take it in to 
the Dairy. Phil had said he should be along any minute.  
Phil and Tyler both hoping he would be here and gone before 
Syd got here with the filly.

 Phil looking down toward the main road, noticing the dust 
rising up in the air let out a small sigh, saying; "here he 
comes. Right on time, but then he is always on time except 
in the winter time when he has trouble getting thru."

It just dawned on me, living here and having to do these 
chores in the cold of winter with no hot water anywhere on 
the farm seemed to me to be very miserable.

Tyler tightening the lid on the last milkcan, the muscles in 
his tanned arms rippled and his skin glittered like it was 
covered with oil.

Looking at him now with a completely different feeling I had 
about him only two hours ago. "Tyler" I asked, "what is it 
like around here in the wintertime and how do you keep from 
freezing to death?"

Looking at me with one of his eye popping  smiles, he 
replied "it gets pretty damn cold, only thing is it gets 
pretty cold upstairs". Hesitating and looking me in the eye 
then his black eyes went slowly up and down my body his eyes 
stopping at my crotch then darting over to Phil to see if 
was watching, finding that he wasnt, he stuck his pink 
tongue out to a point and outlined  his lips while his gaze 
was fixed on my crotch  that had some arousement  going on 
remembering earlier this morning, then winked at me, with a 
smile and added, "but we manage".

We are allowed a heating stove upstairs when it really gets 
cold"" hesitating a minute, looking away and then back to me 
he said very softly almost in a whisper "of course if you 
would stay with us and go to school down here, you and I 
would never get cold at night." Saying this, he gave me a 
little wink. The thought came to me as I smiled back at him, 
"living here year round I would probably become a sex 
maniac, or so weak I would'nt be able to walk.

The big yellow milk truck came lumbering up the drive, 
coming thru the gate Phil was holding open for him, dust 
flying in the air.

I could hear a mans deep voice, but couldn't see him for the 
dust, and by the time it settled, the cans were already 
loaded, the voices stopped and the truck pulled out into the 
barnyard, circled back, out the gate and was gone.

Only then the strange animal noise started up. Phil walking 
back to the milkhouse after locking the gate, said "we made 
it just in time.  Midnight is acting up, has his nose up in 
the air, want be long until he will be trying to break the 
fence down.

Heading down thru the barnyard toward Tyler who was waving 
for me to hurry, all the time wishing I could share the 
sincere understanding with Phil that Tyler and I had made 
and how really complicated my life had become.

Up to yesterday, only the coach, the players, the fans and 
my mother, were the only ones who even knew I was alive, and 
I wasn't even sure about any of them but my mother and the 
coach.

The need to share the sex problems  mounting up for me with 
someone older and wiser than I, and someone who would give 
me the proper advise on how to handle them was very heavily 
on my mind.

All the many complications that had already come up, and the 
fact that so far, the sex I had been introduced while I had 
been here was all unnatural yet I liked it very much.

Questions in my mind?, was some form of fucking all they 
thought about?  Did everyone in this part of the country 
have continual erections ?  Did everyone have abnormal and 
unnatural sex desires ? How wrong was I in letting Phil and 
Tyler do to me what they did?  If I continue on letting both 
or others do to me what they want, how dangerous is this? Is 
it wrong for someone to have an expression of deep sincere 
feelings on their face and in their voice for one of the 
same sex as Phil had just displayed for me, and the same 
look, and gestures Tyler had said and done to me up in the 
room? Would it be right for me to watch or take part in what 
Tyler was going to attempt to do to Syd, the black man now 
coming up the road?  Would I eventually break down and try 
to do to Phil what Tyler had done to me ? Would Phil break 
down and do to me what he refused to do to any other ? Even 
if I should try to do to Phil as Tyler had done to me, would 
he refuse and reject me ? All these many questions were 
pounding thru my young brain, I was experiencing to much to 
soon.

Bringing me out of my thoughts as I approached the fence, my 
eyes resting on something I had never seen before and have 
never seen since.  Here behind this fence was this beautiful 
black horse stomping the ground , his head over the fence, 
with his mouth open, his teeth showing and swaying below him 
and at times scraping the dirt, was the most powerful 
looking male weapon I had ever seen.  It was longer than a 
yardstick and as big around as my foreharm. Coming out 
between his legs, this huge mammoth piece of flesh was cold 
black. It became splotched with black and white splotches, 
little rows of wrinkles around it all the way down  almost 
to the end where it became pinkish black and to a head the 
same size as the shaft.  At the very end was a large hole 
that was now very swollen, getting ready to unleash his load 
probably bursting to get out. I sure know how he felt.

Looking at this huge piece of animal maleness swinging back 
and forth as he stomped more wildly now, I searched for 
Tyler's eyes, finding them looking at me, and down to my 
crotch, saying "Kid, I see you are wearing your jeans a 
little high up around your waist, man your equipment shows,  
Midnight and his carrying on is beginning to excite you even 
now, isn't it?" he said close to my ear with a big smile on 
his face and nodding down to his crotch for me to look and 
he to was already aroused.

He was right, it was getting me very excited as I could 
hardly wait until the filly got in there with him, to see 
what happened. Glancing behind me was Phil letting this tall 
black man and tall slender black filly thru the gate, 
swinging her body around and in front of the black man, I 
could see from where I was, how she was teasing  Midnight 
from that distance, her pussy opening was jerking in and out 
in a very fast motion, opening up and closing, her tail was 
curled over her back to fully expose her pussy  to the 
world, but especially to Midnight. Looking over at Tyler who 
was almost laughing at me as I am sure I had a look of utter 
amazement on what I had seen and what I was seeing.

The filly now right behind us, and for the first time I 
could really see this man as black as Midnight,  having the 
good looks of a white man. If he hadn't been black in color, 
he could've passed as a white man. Tyler was right, Syd was 
good looking and clean, had on a yellow dress type straw 
hat, his blue shortsleeve shirt now  covered with sweat, the 
short sleeves were filled to capacity with his huge arms, 
his jeans were clean and tight and man could you ever make 
out his equipment just as Tyler said you could and further 
more he didn't even wear any undershorts, as you could see 
the outline of that big head Tyler talked about. He even 
wore cowboy boots.

Phil was saying "Syd shake hands with a good friend of the 
family, Scotty from the city" Syd, letting one hand loose 
from the filly's halter as Phil was taking control of her, 
"Good to meet you Scotty " Syd said with an educated voice, 
and gave a hardy handshake.  "same here", I replied, "This 
is my first experience watching horses, or any animals for 
that matter breed, it looks like I'm in for a little 
education"  "My boy he replied, this is something to watch 
closely, cause what part you see, you don't forget. Hate to 
admit it, but the best part of farming is watching the 
animals mate, man they don't hold nothing back" with this 
Syd let out with a big smile showing a full mouth of 
perfectly portioned white teeth, his full lips surrounded by 
a neatly cropped mustache," man this dude Is something else" 
I said to myself, refusing to look at the area Tyler kept 
wanting me to, afraid he may catch me doing it as I had 
already got one good look. I was beginning to get as bad as 
Tyler about dicks, heads, balls so I tried to erase all that 
from my mind and went back to what was at hand.

Phil holding the filly, Tyler holding Ole Midnight, and Syd 
opening the gate to let the filly in with Midnight.  Ole 
Midnight really went wild, it  took all Tyler had to hold 
him back,  he gradually let him work himself up to the 
filly, smelling of her pussy that was about to jerk out of 
her body, her tail now really layed back on her back,  her 
back arched, wanting the big stud to fill it up for her.  
"Will she be able to take that?" I asked  Phil who was now 
standing behind me getting the tube of ointment to rub on 
Ole Midnights rod that was now jerking back and forth and up 
and down, the end was swelling even more.

The filly was now practically on her knees trying to get 
under ole Midnight to smell of his huge rod, her tongue 
hanging out like she wanted to lick it. " In answer to your 
question", Phil said loudly, "I'm not sure" he said 
squirting the cream out into his hand," this cream will 
help, if we can get it rubbed on real good, main problem is, 
if he will let me" And saying this Phil walked over, and 
reached under Ole Midnight, grabbed his big rod and started 
rubbing the cream up and down and around that big shaft very 
gently.

Surprisingly Ole Midnight stood very still as long as Phil's 
hand was caressing his rod with the cream, but when Phil 
would hesitate, he would try to move. I had a full view of 
Phil's jeans and I could see this was already getting to him 
to.  I had to put mine over to the side, it was so hard.

Not wanting to look at Syd, but I did, and what I saw was 
how I felt the first time I saw Midnight.  His jeans were 
filled on the right side.  You could really make out the 
outline of his big dick and my curiosity was as aroused as 
Tyler who was now watching Syd with that look of pursuit and 
a glazed expression I had not  seen before.  Wondering if he 
responded to me the same way this morning in the dark and I 
couldn't see it.  You could sure tell Tyler was really 
aroused.

"Get ready to Let him loose" Phil yelled out, while Syd 
stood and held the filly, he didn't have to hold her very 
hard, as her back was really arched now because  Phil was 
rubbing  cream  inside of her and on the outside and she 
loved it, trying to backup into his big hand that was almost 
all the way up inside of her by now. Looking over at Syd 
Phil half yelled over the noise Midnight was making; "Just 
about as hot a filly that has ever been here, her insides 
are wide  open and begging  Midnight to fill it up."

Phil looking over at Tyler yelled out," let him loose," and 
the big stud went right to the young filly's  pussy, 
smelling of it vigorously, putting  his nose up into the air 
like he was testing the air, and swirled around to the back 
of her humped up body, reared up on his hind legs, flopping 
that huge beautiful black rod up and trying to swing it high 
enough to hit home.  He couldn't quite make it, so he tried 
again, this time his front hoofs made it over her back, his 
mouth open and his teeth coming down on the back of her 
neck, his back legs jumping up and down, each time swinging 
his huge rod closer to home.

Phil seeing that Midnight  was having trouble, motioned to 
Tyler that it was time to help the old stud, so Tyler who 
had been waiting very patiently reached under the old stud, 
grabbed it, hesitated, looking at it half caressing it as 
though he didn't want to turn loose of it, finally lifted it 
up as Midnights back legs kept surging upward. Tyler taking 
his time, holding the pulsating rod in his right hand, was 
using his left hand to open up the greased big lips of the 
filly and opening them up, he layed Midnights rod inside the 
tight opening, Midnight feeling the warmth knew he was about 
to make it home, Tyler helping him, by pulling the sides of 
the fillies pussy out of the way making the opening much 
wider, doing so that beautiful piece of flesh slipped right 
up into the filly. The filly opened her mouth, her tongue 
came out, her back was completely arched, and she was giving 
out a loud moan, but didn't make an effort to move as 
Midnight made surge after surge each time driving that huge 
rod up into her, then he made one big lunge  and his rod 
disappeared completely inside of her as she almost collapsed 
to the ground. Midnight just laid on top of her as the fluid 
pumped from his body into hers and she was sucking up every 
drop. It was almost more than a person could stand to watch 
without cuming all over themselves.

The Fillys head was really hanging down now, her tongue out, 
she was panting real hard, her legs spread far apart to 
support the big studs body , as midnight just layed on top 
of her knawing on her neck with his teeth, the fillys 
stomach was heaving in and out as she was taking all that 
extra flesh inside of her, while the studs juice poured out 
of him and flooded her insides as it was now trying to seep 
out around the edges of the lips of her stretched out pussy.

By now my dick was throbbing so hard, I thought it would 
burst and I immediately looked over to Syd, and the poor guy 
didn't know what to do as his dick was so hard, it was  down  
his leg and the size was very noticable. He had cum on the 
insides of his pants. Phil with a big laugh said "Syd It 
looks like it still affects you as always."  Syd smiling 
back at us, said "I knew this was going to happen to me, and 
I tried so hard not to, but this is the best fuck I have 
ever seen any two animals have."

Phil saying he needed to head for the house  to get things 
together for the day at Ole man Rankins.  Handing the 
ointment to Tyler to put up in the shed "Tyler can help you 
finish up and get you started back home" he said to Syd .

Phil looking at me, his eyes dropping down to my crotch gave 
me a smile, and winking saying "do you want to come with me 
Kid or stay here with Syd and Tyler?" Before I could answer, 
Tyler spoke up saying "let him stay here and see this show 
through to the end, he might not get to see it again" as 
they couldn't keep from noticing that  I was still watching 
the filly, with the big stud still on top, he had released 
her neck and his tongue was also hanging out and was 
breathing heavily, and about that time his soft rod fell out 
of her, being followed by a steady stream of his cum, and 
thinking to myself that the way she was acting as Midnight 
started to slide off of her, how some women feel after a big 
fuck.  Complete satisfaction and completely worn out, and 
probably sore as hell.

Midnight, calmly walked over to the fence, shook himself 
real good, layed down in the dirt, rolled back and forth,  
stood back up, shook himself real good, and went into the 
barn leaving the filly still standing, still breathing very 
hard, her tail still up, her legs still apart, as the studs 
sperm was running out of her.  Midnight must of shot a 
bucket full inside of her I thought as it continued to run 
out of her making a large puddle on the ground.

"If she looses it all, she want stick and you will have to 
bring her back" Phil said to Syd. "Syd smiled  back to Phil 
saying; "I wouldn't mind it if she did lose it all, as I 
love to watch these horses mate, it reminds me of our own 
kind. My daddy, as I remember him, had a big piece of meat 
just about like that stud.  Phil smiling at him as he 
continued, "I'm stretching it some I'm sure" Syd continued " 
but he sure was big."

Phil still smiling at Syd's last statement, looked at Tyler 
and then at me and then said "Tyler, Mom is going to be 
yelling  breakfast very shortly, so you had better get in 
quick, as you know how she is about wanting to get the 
kitchen cleaned up and out to work" looking over at me with 
another wink, he turned and hurriedly started walking to the 
house. I stood there thinking I should go with him, but yet 
I didn't know what to do as I wanted to wait around and see 
whatelse happened.

Syd Still wiping away at the big place in his jeans, pulling 
up the pant leg and wiping up the sperm that had run down 
his leg and on his boots, saying mostly to himself, "Man I 
got cum all over me" not noticing the glazed over stare that 
Tyler had watching every move he was making. Looking at 
Tyler wondering what he was planning, and looking back at 
Syd, "He must have really been loaded" I thought to myself.  
Looking at him again there in the sunlight, his clothes 
completely wet with sweat, always before thinking Black was 
dirty and ugly, wasn't true with Syd, he had class, quality, 
damn good looks and as I was close to him earlier, he 
smelled good to, and last but not least, he has quanity, 
lots of it.

Looking  down at himself at the large spot on his jeans," 
Gents if you  don't mind, I'd like to slip off somewhere for 
a few minutes to get myself wiped up" he said reaching in 
his back pocket pulling out a large red handkerchief.

Tyler still with that unusually look in his eyes finally 
spoke up and said "Syd you and Scott follow me and we will 
go down to the Spring House where we get our house water. 
There is a little stream of water running thru it we can all 
clean up in." "Fine with me" Syd replied, "anything to get 
this sticky stuff off of me "he said starting to follow 
Tyler down the path, then hesitating and looking back at the 
filly that was beginning to stir around. "the filly is  O.K. 
Ole Midnight want bother her as he is thru for the day " 
Tyler said in a low voice To Syd looking over at me with 
that look of glazed pursuit, and I knew then he was going 
thru with what he said he was going to do.


Enjoy
--
