The following is a story with very little if any basis in reality.
Any resemblance to anyone is an accident.  You should ignore this story
if ws offends you.

                           An "Old" Friend
                          by Lou, June 1995


I saw Beth in the parking lot.  I hadn't seen her for a few years and she
hadn't changed much.  She still had her short brown hair and her well
toned physique.  Today she had on an off-white halter top, off-white shorts,
and brown sandals.  She gave me a big hug and a little kiss.  We spent a few
minutes catching up on the past few years.  I kept thinking about how good
her little outfit would look soaked in my piss.  That thought eventually
caused my cock to stir in my light gray jeans.  Beth glanced at the bulge
a few times, but didn't say anything.  I tried to shift myself around to
help conceal the bulge, but short of adjusting it with my hand there was
nothing I could do.  

"Uncomfortable?" she asked, glancing at my cock.  I blushed a bit as
Beth said "What are you thinking about?"  "I can't tell you...", I
stammered.  Beth took a look around the parking lot and then placed her
hand on my cock.  "How about if I give you a little encouragement?" she
said, rubbing the bulge in my jeans.  "Now tell me!", she said.  "Well,
uh, I..."  "I'll go first," she interrupted.  "I'm thinking about kneeling
down and pulling out your cock and sucking it until you fill my mouth
with your cum."  "How about you?" she asked.  "I want to slide my cock
under your top between your breasts."  "Sounds fine so far," she said, her
hand still applying pressure to my cock, "Then what?"  "Well...", I said.
"You want to fuck my tits and soak my chest, neck, and halter with hot cum,"
Beth said.  "Not exactly," I said.  "Too bad, I'd enjoy that," she said.
"I want to soak your blouse with piss.", I said quietly.  "You're kidding!"
she said.  "No," I said averting my eyes.  "I love golden showers!" Beth
said.

Next thing I knew Beth dragged me to the back of the parking lot and
between two buildings.  She unzipped my jeans and pulled my cock through
my fly.  She stepped up close to me and placed my cock under her halter top
and nestled it between her warm breasts.  "Piss on me!" she said and I let
loose.  The tip of my cock was covered by her thin halter and the material
got wet and stuck to my cock.  The off-white top went transparent and I could
see the head of my cock through it.  Some piss was escaping through the
material and spreading over her breasts from the outside, but most was
soaking her halter top from the inside.  Beth's white bra was plainly visible
through the wet material.  I watched her belly gleam as piss raced down to
wet the top of her shorts. I could feel my jeans getting wet as piss flowed
down my cock and off Beth's halter onto my crotch and thighs.  I started to
caress her piss soaked breasts as my piss soaked the front of her shorts
and ran down her bare legs.  Beth's feet and sandals were getting wet and
a puddle was forming under her when she pulled the material of her halter
top back to expose the head of my cock.  Piss splashed up to wet her neck 
and chin and Beth stuck her tongue out to taste my hot fluid.  When I ran
dry Beth squeezed her breasts around my erection and I fucked her tits 
until I shot thick gobs of semen over her chin, neck and halter top.  Beth
used her piss soaked halter top to clean up my cock then she let my cock
drop out from under her halter.

We looked at each other.  Beth was a lot wetter than I was.  The entire
front of her halter top and shorts glistened with piss.  Gobs of my cum
decorated her chin, neck and halter top.  Her legs were wet, as well as
her sandals.  The fly of my light gray jeans was dark and shiny with piss,
and there were blotches of piss on my thighs that extended below my knees.
"That was fun!" she said, sliding a hand into her sopping wet crotch to rub
her pussy.  I reached out to rub her breasts as she kept rubbing her pussy.
I leaned forward and kissed Beth, tasting a hint of my piss on her breath.
"I'd love to sit on your lap and piss," Beth said.  "I'd like that a lot,"
I told her.  "Would you mind if I put my jeans on first?" she said.  Beth
led me to her car and opened the trunk.  She pulled out a pair of faded jeans
from an overnight bag in the trunk.  She saw me eyeing the pumps next to
the bag and asked, "Should I wear these too?" pointing to the white pumps.
I nodded enthusiastically and she picked them up.  

Beth walked around and opened her car door.  She stood between the open
door and her car and removed her shorts, panties, and sandals.  I watched
in amazement and she dried herself off a little with the dry parts of her
shorts, bending over and giving me a great beaver shot in the process.
My cock was fully erect again in my soggy jeans.  I watched Beth wiggle into
her jeans and step into her pumps.  She smiled at me her, dry jeans
contrasting nicely with her still very wet halter top.  Beth untied the
back of her halter top and let the ends go.  She undid her bra and let
her breasts swing free.  Her big red nipples looked very inviting.  She
tied the wet halter top up again, her nipples clearly visible through the
wet material.  Beth went back to her trunk and stuffed her wet shorts and
bra into a plastic bag and set her wet sandals in the trunk.  She closed
the trunk and led me by the hand back between the buildings.  

There was a bench there I hadn't noticed before and Beth had me sit on it.
She plopped down onto my damp lap.  My jeans were still a little wet, and
Beth's jeans got slightly wet as she sat.  Beth was sideways on my lap
her arms around me.  Beth's tongue entered my mouth and I started to make
little circles with my thumbs on her breasts as our tongues intertwined.
As we kept kissing I started to squeeze Beth's breasts with one hand and
placed my other hand on her knee.  Beth spread her legs slightly as I slid
my hand up her thigh and rubbed her pussy.  I could feel the heat and
dampness of her pussy through the faded denim.  Beth slid a little closer
to me, centering her pussy over my cock.  I heard her start to pee before I
felt her warm wet piss on my hand.  I kept rubbing her pussy as the dark
shiny spot in her crotch expanded.  The circle over her pussy expanded
quickly to reach her thighs.  I felt and watched her thighs get dark and
shiny as her piss dribbled down to wet her bottom.  I felt her hot piss
soaking into the front of my jeans as Beth wiggled around a bit on my lap,
making delicious squishing sounds as my wet jeans rubbed against my cock.
My hand was soaked with her piss by the time I felt her piss collecting
around my ass on the bench.

Beth stopped peeing and stood up.  My lap was wet from my knees to my cock,
the gray denim almost black.  I knew my ass was soaked too.  Beth stood
sideways in front of me and I could see the wet stain on the seat of her
jeans, as well as the piss stains in her crotch and on her thighs.  The deep
wet blue areas of her jeans contrasted nicely with the lighter dry areas.
Beth turned to face me and spread her legs a bit, placing her hands on her
hips.  She started to wet again.  I watched a glistening wave of piss run
down her thighs and inseam.  The wave of piss reached the dry spots just
above her knee.  The glistening blue areas expanded down over Beth's knees
and inseam.  I watched as piss raced down her inner legs and over her bare
ankle to wet her pumps.  Beth stepped over to me still peeing.  She put her
knees on the bench, one to either side of me, her shiny crotch a few inches
from my face.  Piss was dribbling out the crotch of her jeans to wet my lap
as I watched piss dripping off the toes of Beth's pumps.  Beth pushed her
sopping crotch into my face and I licked piss from the fly of her jeans.
I caught the stream with my tongue as it exited Beth's jeans and drank what
I could as her piss dribbled over my chin and down the front of my shirt.

Beth got off the bench and knelt between my legs.  She rubbed my cock a
while through my piss soaked jeans.  Beth bent over to lick my cock through
the denim, then she unzipped me and pulled my erect cock out.  Beth took
me into her mouth, rubbing her pussy through the soaked front of her jeans.
Her head was steadily bobbing up and down in my lap as I watched her blow
me.  Beth's tongue was all over the bottom of my shaft as she bobbed and
bobbed.  I felt my orgasm building and Beth stopped sucking me a moment or
to as she creamed her jeans.  Beth started blowing me again and had me
shooting my wad into her mouth in no time.  Beth stayed on my cock, sucking
down every last drop of my cum.

Beth got up and bent over the bench, placing her hands on it.  She wiggled
her ass at me as I rubbed it while I played with my half hard cock, enjoying
the way Beth's part wet, part dry jeans looked and felt.  When my cock
was hard I reached around to undo Beth's jeans.  I pulled down her jeans
and slid my cock into her well lubricated pussy from behind.  My cock
slid easily back and forth in her pussy as I humped her while fondling her
breasts in her damp halter top.  Beth was moaning quietly with each stroke,
driving her ass back towards me again and again.  Beth came before I did,
and I kept humping her until I shot a small load inside of her.

I knelt down and started to lick Beth's asshole.  She squirmed as I ran
my tongue all over her puckered rose.  I slid two fingers into her gooey
pussy as I continued to lick her.  I finger fucked her, my tongue all over
her asshole until she came.  I had her turn around and licked both of our
cum off her pussy.  I went after Beth's clit and she pushed my face into
her pussy as I licked her clit steadily.  It didn't take long for her to be
creaming all over my face.  Beth rinsed some cum off my face with a short
piss.  I moved so I could catch it in my mouth, and watched her stream
close up.

Beth stopped peeing and I stood up and showed her that I still had some
of her pee in my mouth.  She kissed me and I let her pee dribble out over
our tongues.  Beth knelt down and took my soft cock into her hands.  I
had a little piss left and I let loose.  She let it splatter her breasts
first, then took my cock into her mouth.  Unfortunately I didn't have
much piss left.  Beth drank some, and let a little dribbled out her
mouth before I ran dry.  Beth let my still soft cock drop out of her mouth
and we pulled up our wet jeans.  We sat side by side on the bench a while
kissing and petting and letting our piss soaked clothes dry off a little
bit.  We were still damp when we left for Beth's place.  We stuck out
clothes in the washer then covered Beth's bed with plastic.  We spent
most of the night nude, pissing, sucking, and fucking.

                              <<< THE END >>>
