                              Omega
 
     In the dim light you can hardly see me but you feel my animalistic
presence;  my anger radiates out stronger than Hiroshima.
 
     Your naked body is taut and trembling. Your skin is hot and
slippery from the sweat and heat of the room.  I see your penis erect
and hard. From the tip comes forth a single, pure drop of semen.  Before
it falls to the floor, I kneel down in front of you and lick it off with
the tip of my tongue without touching you.
 
     I can sense the thrill running through your body.  You are scared
but unable to move as you know not what my next move will be and you are
so vulnerable.
 
     Part of me wants to hold your entire penis in my mouth and suckle
it like a baby on its mother's tit.  I'd like to hear your noises of
ecstasy, feel you muscles tighten as you come to orgasm, see you head
fall back when the pleasure comes.
 
     The other part of me is not so kind.
 
     I stroke your thighs with my hands, feel your buttocks, your
stomach.  I run my tongue around the tip and along the top of your
penis.  I kiss your stomach, your sides, bite your nipples, caress your
neck and ears with my tongue.  Your hair is cold and wet to the touch.
I run my hands over your head and pull your body close to mine.
 
     When our naked skin touches I feel your sex quiver and electric
chills run freely.  I want to lick your entire body up and down, feeling
the grooves in your flesh and tasting the salt of your sweat.
 
     Instead, I push you to the floor and pounce on you, screaming like
a wild banshee.
 
     You penetrate me immediately.  It is so hard, so violent.  The pain
surges through my body, it hates your presence.  But I take it all and
ride you fast and furiously.
 
     You are so ecstatic that you hardly care that I'm ripping into your
soft yielding flesh making it bleed.
 
     I stab your back and slice the muscles in you arms with my nails.
I rip large chunks of flesh from your neck with my teeth.
 
     We make love madly, like wild dogs.  The smell in the air is
saturated with the scent of sweat, blood and our sex.  It is a drugging,
psychotic smell.
 
     At the height of your orgasm you are screaming from pain and
pleasure. I slash your jugular with one final sweep and I come
gloriously, glowingly.
 
     I stand up and drop your dead body to the floor and step away.
Revelling in the wonderful pleasure emanating from between my legs I
sink to the floor and into a pool of your coagulating blood.
 
     The blood is mixed with our sex, my life and your death.  I lap it
up like a cat, feeding on your essence.  Then I retreat to a corner and
begin to lick myself clean as your body starts to harden and decay.
