                        On the Boat

I was on the way home from Holland, traveling by day ferry when all
this occurred. I had rented a cabin and settled my wife and kids down
for a rest, but sleep eluded me. I decided to take a stroll round the
deck and maybe get a beer to help me to sleep. I wandered up from the
bottom deck onto the sundeck and took a pleasant stroll around the
ship.

The first time I saw her she was sitting inside, on a wide window
ledge, and as I walked by she looked up and gave me 'come on' eyes and
wide smile. She looked very appealing. I estimated her age at around
13 or 14 at the most. She had shoulder length brown hair, a pleasant
smile and a nice, if somewhat underdeveloped figure. She was wearing
the de riguer uniform for young girls these days, jeans, a sweat shirt
and a pair of trainers. I didn't think anymore of it after I walked
on, after all just because she smiled at me didn't mean that she was
interested in me. Even so I wandered down to the bar with a mild
sexual buzz just from the idea that she smiled in the way that she
did.

I ordered a large beer and made like a barfly, propping myself up on a
bar stool and gazing into space. I probably hadn't managed more than a
couple of hours sleep over the last few days and I was pretty
knackered. It was just nice to sit there away from kids and tents and
hassles and just mellow out.

I was sitting there for about five minutes before she sat down next
to me, two friends in tow. I tried to appear to ignore them but looked
out the corner of my eye anyhow. They were giggling and ordering
cokes, one of them pretending to be German and ordering her coke in
that language. The long suffering barman played along with their
little joke even though it was obvious that they had a thick Newcastle
accent. I reached for my beer and as I did so she caught my eye.

"Hi, how ya doin'", she asked while looking at me in a way that ,,ade
it plain exactly what she meant. It was the most outrageous flirt I
have ever had put across to me, this 13 yr old trying on her feminine
charms on a man old enough to be her father. Her friends giggled and I
muttered something about being "OK". She turned and spoke to her
friends. I didn't catch what she said but they vanished, leaving me
alone with her.

"Fancy a beer?", I asked.

"I would, but I can't. I'm too young", she replied.

"Go and sit around that corner and I'll get you one", I said and
smiled, trying to put her at her ease.

I ordered two large beers after she had gone and then when they I
arrived I picked them up and followed her. I sat down next to her in
the cubicle and gave her the beer.

"You shouldn't do that you know". I said.

"What", she replied, widening her eyes in a picture of feigned
innocence. 

"Flirt with strange men old enough to be your father", I said.

"Why?". Again the wide eyes and feigned innocence.

"You know damned well why. Surely your mother has told you that men
only want one thing and don't care how they get it. Some men would
take your come-on literally and you'd be in up to you neck before you
knew what was going on. You're lucky you tried it out with me and not
some sex mad dirty old man who wouldn't have though twice about
ripping your knickers off and giving you a good seeing too".

"But I WANT a good seeing too. Thats why I chatted you up...", she
replied demurely, her eyes and mouth not in sync with her words.

I was so shocked that I blushed. She saw this and giggled.

"What do you mean you want a good seeing too?", I asked a little
breathlessly as my cock began its turn rigid trick and my sexual drive
began to click into ON mode.

"OK", she said, "It's like this. When we all went on the school trip I
decided that I was going to get fucked. However so far I haven't had
any luck. This is the last day of the trip and once we get back to
England my chances of getting a stiff cock have gone for another year.
Once I'm back in Byker there'll be no chance of getting laid because
all the boys round there just call you slag if you go with any of
them. So I can't fuck anyone in my area and today is my last chance of
getting some cock in me. So I picked you because you look kind and
gentle. Then I chatted you up. Now I'm asking you to fuck me ...".

She trailed off and looked hard into my eyes while her hand slid under
the table and across my thigh to give a little squeeze to my cock,
which jerked and turned even harder. She leaned over and breathed her
hot breath in my ear and whispered huskily "please fuck me".

How could I refuse a request like that? Hell I almost felt sorry for
the poor girl, not daring to get laid at home because all the lads in
her area were macho gobshites who would have their fun and then call
her a tart. I was only doing my good deed for the day wasn't I? Apart
from that I had just been well and truly seduced by then .. she could
have twisted me around her little finger.

Stopping only to pick up a bottle of duty free Hock, I rented a single
cabin with shower and toilet and we headed down there. Once inside the
room we locked ourselves in a passionate embrace, our tongues mingling
our saliva in each other mouths, kissing her neck nibbling her ears
before returning to her mouth. 

I slid my hand up her sweat shirt and cupped on of her young titties
in my hand, pinching and tweaking the nipple slightly until it got
hard and rose up, evoking a gasp of desire half satisfied from her
young lips. I used both hands to pull her sweat shirt up and over her
head, dropping it on the chair behind the door. I continued to kiss
her while I caressed her breasts, rubbing her nipples with my thumb
until they seemed they could get no harder. I moved my hands around
her body and unhooked her bra-straps without fumbling, let her bra
fall to the ground between us and then bent and took he left nipple in
between my lips. I sucked gently and was rewarded with a low moan. I
transferred my attention to the right nipple while still squeezing the
left gently and her breathing began to speed up, get shallower a she
began to get more excited.

I laid her down on the bed and she assisted me with the removal of her
jeans and trainers, leaving her laying there naked except for a pair
of virginal white knickers with small pink flowers embroidered around
the waist band. She went to remove them as well but I stopped her.

"Not yet", I whispered in her ear as I rubbed my hands all over her
body, stroking her belly and breasts, running my hands the full length
of her legs, gently touching the inside of her thighs. She responded
well. I could tell that the stroking and touching was working her up
when the damp spot appeared on her white knickers. I continued like
this for a few more moments and then knelt down and began to kiss her.
I started with her face and neck, moved down to her breasts and
continued to her thighs and white cotton covered mound. I could smell
her young cunt through the white cotton of her panties and I could
resist no more. I hooked my fingers into her waistband and gently
eased her panties off her body, dropping them on the floor near the
edge of the bed.

I began to kiss her again, slowly working my way down to her
delicious, fresh smelling cunt. 

"Would you like me to lick you?", I asked.

"Yes please", she hoarsely replied, "I have always fantasised about
being licked but no-one has ever done it for me".

Shoving aside the brief thought in the back of my mind that she might
have other fantasies worth talking about I renewed my attack of her
cunt. I chewed her outer lips gently with my lips and my teeth,
occasionally biting a little harder, hearing her gasp with the sudden
pleasure and then continuing my exploration of her fragrant young
cunt. I pulled open her cuntlips with two finger to expose the pink
inner flesh and swollen clitoris of her sex, which I leant over and
flicked lightly with my tongue. She seemed to go mad, she grabbed my
head and held it tight against her cunt as I worked her clit, bucking
her hips for her maximum pleasure while encouraging me to give her all
I had. Her cunt was juicing freely now, dripping cunt juices all down
my chin and all over the bed.

Then she suddenly came with a massive shudder that rippled all the way
through her body from her toes to her head, her hips bucking, pushing
her cunt into my face as hard as she could while holding my head
tightly so that I could not escape. I sucked and licked for all I was
worth and gasped for lungfuls of air when her cunt was removed from my
face. Eventually she slowed down and then stopped, laying on the bed
covered with a sheen of sweat that made her young skin glow even
more. 

"Phew", she said, "that was nice. Mmmmmm. I've never been licked before
and that was AMAZING. Do you want to fuck me know?".

I just grinned and pointed to the bulge in my trousers. My cock was so
hard that I was surprised it hadn't burst all its way through the
buttons by know.

"I don't know", I replied, "do you think that you could take it?".

"Lets have a look", she said and reached for the belt and buttons of
my trousers. 

As she worked on the belt and buttons of my trousers I pulled my tee
shirt over my head and dropped it on the floor. She pulled down my
trousers and  I stepped out of them. I bent and removed my shoes and
socks, dropping them all together. She caressed my bulge gently until
I was ready, then hooking her fingers into my underpants she pulled
them down around my ankles to reveal my 6" of manhood in all its
throbbing glory.

"Wow", was all she could say as she wrapped her hand around the shaft
and began to gently wank it back and forth.

"Wow", she said again as a single drop of precum leaked from the end
of my cock, glistening and making the end moist as it did so.

She cupped my balls and bending down she flicked her tongue over the
end of my cock. The sensations were incredible as she licked the end
of my cock, paying special attention to the head and the cum-hole.

"Fuck me ... please", she whispered, and then lay back down on the
bed. 

I lay down on the bed with her and let her rub the end of my cock
across her cuntlips and clit, moistening my cock with her cunt juices.
She held the head just inside the opening to her young cunt and then
whispered to me ... "push very gently". I began to push but she seemed
tight and it was very hard. I stroked her neck, shoulders and breasts,
kissed her on the lips, "its' OK", I said, trying to reassure her,
"just try and relax, I'll try not to hurt you". She nodded, but I
could tell that she was having difficulty with this. 

I withdrew my cock head from the opening to her cunt, and slid down
the bed to lick her again, nibbling her clit while all the time
sliding my hands across her body, her young breasts, working on her,
turning her on again. When she began to moan and writhe and begin to
buck her hips I moved back up to the top of the bed, sliding the head
of my cock between her legs and back into her tight little hole. As
she bucked I pushed once very hard and my cock popped into her girl
cunt, slipping all the way into her until it was buried up to the
hilt. I held it there for a moment.

"Why didn't you tell me you were a virgin", I asked.

"I was scared to", she said, "I thought that you might not fuck me if
you thought that I had never done it before. I thought that if I acted
like a right little tart you would fuck me and not even think about
it", she paused, "and it didn't hurt. I knew it wouldn't"

"I'm very glad", I said and bent my head to kiss her on the lips,
slowly and passionately as I gently began to move in and out of her. 

"Come on", she said, "fill me up with your spunk".

"What about if I get you pregnant", I asked.

"I'm on the pill. I want you to shoot you come inside me. I want to
feel it dripping down my legs. I want your come!".

I was getting really worked up by this time, my cock was hard as rock
and I was pistoning into her as fast as I could go, my balls slapping
her bum cheeks as she lifted her arse to meet my strokes. I could tell
by the tingling behind my ballsac that I was going to come soon.

"I'm going to come soon. Are you sure you want it in you?", I asked.
"Yes, oooh yes", she murmured, her eyes closed, her voice dreamy.

When I came it was like liquid fire was spurting from my cock, my
whole body shook and thrashed as I shot load after load of sticky
spunk into her 13 year old cunt. She bucked her hips and moaned but
she didn't come, not quite. After my final spasm I lay a moment or
two, my head laying one her shoulder.

"Are you still horny? Would you like me to lick you again?", I asked.

"Would you lick me? I'm all spunky. Don't you mind licking your own
spunk from my cunt?", puzzlement in her eyes.

"Not only do I not mind, but I'll really enjoy it", I told her, "why
don't you come and sit on my face where it can all drain out of your
cunt and I can lick and suck you. I can clean up up!".

"OK", she said and we began to change positions. I lay down on the
floor while she stood up ready to sit on my face.

"You know", she said, "this is one of my favourite fantasies. That a
man should fuck me silly and then lick all his come out of my cunt. I
have wanked myself to sleep many times over that idea, and now you are
going to make it real for me", she giggled, reminding me just how
young she really was.

"Why don't you tell me all your other fantasies while I lick you", I
said, "that'll turn us both on".

She sat on my face and I busied myself with cleaning up my spunk on
the outside of her cunt, sucking and cleaning her soft downy cunt
hairs before beginning to work on the inside of her cunt. I must have
come buckets because large blobs of spunk were running down out of her
childish womb and dripping into my mouth, across my chin.

"Well", she began, "if I told you all my fantasies I would seem like a
proper little perverted slut, but I can't help what turns me on.
Sometimes when I'm fingering myself I just think of like, you know,
normal sex, fucking and sucking and 69 and stuff like that. What you
are doing now is something I have fantasised about for ages and ages".

She stopped a moment and rode my face with her hips, her cunt juices
as copious now as my spunk had been a few minutes earlier. 

"Other times", she continued, "I get really disgusting. So disgusting
that I disgust myself. I think about what it would be like to piss in
a man's mouth, on his body, about what it would be like to have him
piss all over me, my body, into my mouth".

The more she talked the more worked up she was getting, rubbing
her cunt across my face, pushing against my tongue, pulling open her
cuntlips to give me better access.

"Not only that", she continued, slower and more distracted by her
impending orgasm, but sometimes I have really sick fantasies about
shit as well. You know about what it would be like to have a man
tongue my arse hole, and then to feel a shit coming on and to say
like, 'stop stop, I'm going to shit', but the man would just keep
going until I really did shit, but he wouldn't care, he'd just keep
going until I came and then we'd kiss and share my shit .... aaargh ...
oh GOD !!".

The combination of my tongues incessant probing and talking about her
favourite fantasy had taken her over the edge, tipping her into an
incredible orgasm that went on for 5 or so minutes, grinding her girl
cunt into my mouth, pinching her nipples until they were read and
hard. Finally she stopped her orgasm and fell back against the edge of
the bed, panting, sweaty and slightly out of breath.

"I've never told ANYONE about those fantasies before", she said,
"don't you breath a single word about what I just said ... whatever
would people think of me if they knew what I was like", she coloured
up. 

I opened the hock and we glugged a bit passing it between us.

"You know", I said, "those fantasies of yours .."

"yes", she said. I had her total attention at this point.

"Those fantasies of yours don't have to remain fantasies you know. We
could act them out here and now and you'll be free of them. Free to
pursue new fantasies or incorporate what used to be fantasies into
your sex life. If you want to try we can"

Her eyes widened, already she had fulfilled fantasies today, losing
her virginity, a man licking his own spunk from her young cunt. No I
was offering her the world.

"Would you do that?, she questioned, "what about the mess, I mean
....". She trailed off and coloured again as he realised exactly what
this would entail.

"Look", I said, "I hired this cabin in an assumed name. If we mess it
up a bit then nobody will know it was us except us. We have a shower
with soap and towels right here, so we can clean ourselves up
afterwards. This is the ideal opportunity for you to work through your
sexual fantasies with no chance of anyone you know ever discovering.
Not your family, not your future husband when you are old enough to
get married, and especially not all the boys of your own age who would
never, never, in a million years begin to understand".

It was obvious that she was thinking about it really hard and that the
idea was turning her on, her fingers had traveled down to her cunt
and she was gently fingering herself with a far away dreamy expression
on her face.

"OK then", she decided, "but only if you want to. Suppose its
horrible, you know like one of those things thats nice in fantasy but
horrible in reality, what will we do then?"

"If either of us doesn't enjoy it then we should stop immediately", I
replied, "there's no point in doing something that we don't enjoy".

"How are we going to do this then", she asked, "shall I come and sit
on your face".

"Yes. Sit your arse on my face and let me tongue your arsehole. Just
play out your fantasy from there and I'll go along with it. If I want
anything I'll say, and if you want anything then you say".

"OK then", she smiled and stood up while I changed my position to lay
on the floor.

She sat and squatted over my face, then gently lowered herself until
my she was kneeling with her arsehole directly above my mouth. I began
to tongue her shithole while she tried to hold it open as far as
possible. It tasted clean and fragrant, too clean in fact so I licked
a single finger and gently worked it up her to the last knuckle before
pulling it out. This had the effect of loosening her arsehole enough
that I could get my tongue in deeper and deeper, tasting her musky
shithole in all its glory.

I could feel her straining and attempting to force a shit out of her
arsehole, her arse was dilating gently and then suddenly I could feel
it, the hard tip of a shit still about an inch up her back passage.
She pushed again and this time the hard tip just emerged from her
arsehole. I tongued her arsehole all the more, trying to get my tongue
into the hard tip of her shit, sucking with all my might. I never
wanted anything so perverted so much in all my life, the idea of
sucking the shit form this 13 year olds arsehole was the turn on of my
life.

Suddenly it all became easier for her as the first turn pushed its way
out of her arsehole and into my mouth. I could feel it around the side
of my lips, a long thin tube, and I sucked it deep into my mouth
before swallowing automatically. She had not finished yet, and now she
had started it came out faster and in longer fatter turds. I swallowed
again as she shit into my mouth and then gasped quickly for air before
she did yet another shit, this one partially missing my mouth so that
it hung out the side, then mashed into my chin as she wriggled her
sexy little arsehole on my mouth. Her final turd was just a small one,
easily sucked from her dilated arsehole and swallowed. I could tell
that she was really turned on, her breathing was ragged and her
fingers were jammed deep into her cunt.

Suddenly she stood up and turned round, lay down on top of me and
wriggled her cunt onto my cock. Despite the fact that my mouth was
smeared with her shit we kissed, tentatively at first and then more
passionately, tonguing each other with abandon, sharing the taste of
her shit as we fucked. 

"Slow down", I said, "if I come again you'll have to wait a while
before you get fucked again".

"OK", she said and stood up, "I'll piss on you now shall I".

My only answer was a groan as I kneaded my cock and balls gently,
wanting to come but not wanting to come, trying to make this
incredible sex scene last as long as possible.

She stood over me and holding her cuntlips open began to gently piss
on me, first on my cock and balls and then my chest and belly before
finally aiming it right at my mouth. I opened my mouth as wide as I
could lifting my body off the ground so that I could get as much as
possible into my mouth at once. As her piss ran out to a trickle and
then stopped she climbed aboard me once more and slipped my cock into
her cunt. We began to fuck again, kissing and sharing her piss and
shit as she got more and more excited.

"Let me lick your arsehole now", she said.

"Are you sure?," I asked.

"I'm sure", she replied.

I got into position over her face and then I could feel her little
tongue fluttering around my arsehole. I grabbed my arse cheeks with
both hands and pulled them open as far as they would go and then
pushed hard to dilate my anal sphincter. A small turd end pushed its
way out of my arse and I felt it eagerly sucked away, her tongue
coming back immediately for more as I pushed another small shit out of
my arsehole. She opened her mouth as far as possible as I did this,
and the shit broke loose and dropped into her mouth. "mmmmmmmmm", she
said, her fantasy fulfilling itself, her hands jammed between her legs
frigging at her cunt and clit furiously.

I got up and stood over her, then turned and crouched down low over
her belly. I bent my head down and we kissed, the taste of the shit
bitter but not unpleasant in our mouths as we mingled her shit and
mine, our tongues sliding over and over in the faecal matter. I pushed
harder with my arse and it flowered open, a large pile of shit
dropping onto her breasts and her belly, and then moved my arse back
for her to clean me up. Her tongue flicked at my shitty arsehole,
cleaning and probing. My cock was rock hard and dribbling almost
constantly, it was going to be impossible to piss on her with a hard
on like this but I had to try anyhow. I stood up again and tried hard
to empty my bladder as she smeared the shit across her belly and
breasts, but I only managed a few drops and they might have been
precum anyhow.

I lay down on top of her and with one quick motion slid my cock into
her tight little cunt hole. The shit I had left on her belly and
breasts squashed between us, slippery and warm. We began to fuck.
There was nothing subtle about out fuck, it was fast and furious. By
this time we were both so turned on that out only aim was to come.
Occasionally she would get some shit from her belly or breasts on her
finger, we would suck and lick it off together, our tongues competing
to see who got the most before we would begin to kiss passionately yet
again. 

By now the cabin and carpet was a terrible state, piss and shit all
over the floor, and we were in a similar state absolutely covered in
it. But we didn't care. This was her fantasy and I had let myself be
completely swept away by it. We knew that we were corrupt and depraved
and perverted and very possibly mad but we didn't care. All we cared
about was the fulfillment of her fantasy. The fucking, the piss and the
shit. 

After about five or ten minutes of all-out full-on humping I could
tell that she was coming towards her climax. I wanted her to come so
hard. I wanted her to have her 13 year old fantasies come true in a
place where she would be safe from the disapproving gossip of macho
hooligans and jealous girls. She did. I didn't know that a person
could go so tense, so rigid and not break every bone in their body,
but that is what she did. She arched her back, lifting me clear off
the ground and screamed "aaaaaarrrrrgh ..... yes, yes, yes, yes
YES!!!" as she came, her back arched but her hips never stopped
bucking for a moment as I buried my face into her shitty breasts and
sucked and licked her shitty nipples.

Her orgasm sent me over the edge. He arched back gave me full access
to the full length of her teenage cunt and I took full advantage of
this, sliding my cock all the way into her cunt right to the hilt,
pulling it out again and then ramming it back in as hard as I could. I
could feel the muscles in the backs of my legs begin to cramp with the
exertion and tension of my pre-orgasmic state and then I just
exploded, my balls contracting so hard that it actually hurt slightly
as my spunk was expelled with extreme force into this young girl's
womb, splashing across her cervix and dripping out of her cunt when she
could hold no more.

We fell onto the bed a spunky, sweaty, piss and shit stained couple.
We just lay there for a few moments before passing the bottle around
again. 

"That was lovely, thank you", she said.

"No", I said, "I should thank you. I haven't enjoyed a fuck like that
for years, it was a pleasure to give you your fantasy and such an
easy thing to do".

We lay there for a few more minutes and then we got up an showered. We
redressed and then left the cabin. I never knew her name. I never met
her again. But I hope she found a Newcastle lad who could keep up with
her and keep her satisfied.


