ON THE DOCK
      by Sue

I've rented a cabin for my one week Summer vacation. It's way out in the
woods of Maine, with a path that leads down to a privately-owned beach with a
low dock and a canoe. I'd been there several times before, and it is just the
perfect place to get away from it all, and to recuperate from the rigors of
my work and my increasingly wild and complicated social life. As soon as I
pull into the driveway and drag my suitcase into the bedroom, I walk straight
down to the water's edge.

It's so secluded there. Only one other cabin is on this stretch of the
shoreline, and I've never seen anyone occupying it. Otherwise, it's a half
mile to the nearest civilization. As I had done in other years, I feel
comfortable with skinny-dipping in this secluded spot, and so I strip down
immediately and dive into the cool, clear water. It is such a sensual feeling
having the liquid press against all of my flesh, intertwining with my long
flowing blond hair and my arms and my legs and my sparse pubic hair.
Immediately, my nipples harden and become sensitive, and I can feel the
contrast of cold water and the warm flesh of my cunt. The breast stroke is my
favorite when I swim in the nude, as it allows the water to wash deep in
between the folds of my labia.

After swimming out a hundred yards, I flip onto my back and float on my back,
paddling slowly back into the dock. The sun beats down on my face, and
through my squint I can see the erect nubs of my nipples floating above the
lapping wavelets.

I pull myself up and onto the dock, and arrange myself on the chaise lounge
chair facing the sun. Then I smear sun lotion all over my body. Once the wide
expanses of skin have been covered, I drop some lotion onto my breasts and
give them a deep and gentle massage, twisting the slippery nipples. Oh, I'm
getting stimulated now, and it's not long until I squirt lotion into the palm
of one hand and smear it into cunt, and I make circular motions with my
fingers that push and pull my swollen lips back all around. I pull my knees
back toward my shoulders and let my feet be planted on the dock well to the
sides of the chair. Now using the fingers of both hands, I grasp the outer
lips and pull them wide apart, leaning forwards to examine my wet, pink
flower of womanhood. The petals are crinkled and scalloped, and I can see the
opening to my vagina winking open and closed. It is too much for me to hold
off, so I insert one finger deep inside and hook it upward so that it can
circle and play over my G spot. My other fingers dart and dodge all over my
unhooded clitoris and inner lips, and I can feel the flesh inflating with the
hot blood of my desire. It is amazing how quickly my orgasm arrives, I'm sure
that I have only been playing with myself for a couple of minutes. But here
it is already, pulsating and throbbing all through my body. In the solitude,
I feel safe in expressing the beauty of this moment, so I let out deep sigh
that slowly transforms itself into a guttural grunt and finally a rising
scream that would probably scare anyone if they could hear me. But this is
exactly how I feel -- wild, uninhibited, and free.

Gradually, I let the muscles of my body relax, and my head loll back. Pulling
my soaking-wet hands out of my cunt, I spread the liquid over my upper thighs
and up to my belly button. Hearing the twitter of the birds over my head, I
am soon fast asleep, dreaming of wild sex with strangers.

Slowly, the dreamy sleep state ebbs from my body, and I become increasingly
aware of reality. But with my eyes still closed, there is something going on
that seems connected in with my dreams. I hear people talking about sex.
Where am I? I though I was alone out in the wilderness of Maine. But I'm sure
that these voices are discussing sex, specifically stories that they have
read on the Alt.sex.stories group of the Internet. Oh my god, these are real
people that read that stuff. So do I, and recently I even posted a story
myself ("Me Doll, You Huge"). They have probably read my story, I realize.
Hearing them talk, it is obvious that they really get off on the wild
fantasies. 

Opening my eyes slightly, I squint out over the water to the dock of the
supposedly uninhabited cabin. Sitting on the edge facing my dock are two
young and beautiful people, a man and a woman, maybe 25 years old or so. They
look like they could be magazine models for Calvin Kline: sleek, tanned, and
tightly muscled. Their bodies are certainly easy for me to examine, as they
are also enthusiasts of skinny-dipping. Their wet hair lets me know that they
have already been in for a dip. I must have been deep into my sleep to not be
awakened. 

As I sneak my look at them through hooded eyelids, I realize that what I can
see of them, they can see of me. I am also nude. In fact, I am laying back on
this chaise lounge with my legs still spread to either side, and my cunt
spread wide. Now that I focus attention on my position, I can even feel the
cool touch of the breeze on my damp cunt. Without looking, I know that my
golden pubic hair is matted flat to my pubic mound, stiff with the dried up
vaginal juices that I spread around. My instinct is to pull my legs together
and to run away back up to the cabin. But I feel frozen in this position, and
now that I think of it, it is a little late to be modest, for they have been
sitting on the dock facing me for a while, I guess. They are only 40 or 50
feet away, so it seems a little silly to become modest and secretive about my
body when they have  already examined it in detail.

So here I am being an exhibitionist, and it is a new and exciting experience.
I can feel the first tendrils of sexual flame coursing through my nerves, yet
I'm not sure what to do about it. So far, they have no indication that I have
awakened. Should I sit up and wave to them, starting a conversation as if
this was a chance meeting in the supermarket?

As I lay there trying to decide what to do, I let myself hear the content of
their dialogue. They aren't talking about the erotic stories on the Net
anymore. They are now discussing parts of a woman's body. How beautiful a
woman's breast is when it is firm and upright, and when it has a kind of
secondary breast that lies just under the surface of the aereola. how perfect
is a nipple when it is hard and straight, with a squared-off end like a
pencil eraser. And how attractive blond pubic hair is, the wispyness that
only partly hides the narrow crevasse of the pink-lipped cunt. How an excited
woman's cunt becomes engorged with blood and swells up until it looks
something like a fuzzy, ripe peach, juices running down the slice until the
drip into the rosebud of her asshole, and then down onto the plastic cushion
of the deck chair. 

Wait a minute.... did they say deck chair?... WOW, this isn't an abstract
discussion of an anonymous woman's sexual parts. They are talking about me,
and through squinting eyes, I look into their faces and see their gazes fixed
directly on my totally exposed  body. Those double-mounded breasts and the
swollen, dripping cunt that they have described with enthusiasm and
admiration are mine. I guess that I am dripping with sexual tension and
anticipation, now that I think of it. This is so arousing being discussed as
if I am not here. And the compliments are making me feel good too. A big part
of me knows that I am an attractive and healthy looking woman, but  every
once in a while, I begin to doubts begin to creep in. Just a few minutes ago
I found myself comparing myself to these two beautiful people, so it boosts
my ego to hear myself praised.

Their appreciation of my sexual attributes has had a not-too-unexpected
affect on them. Dropping my hidden gaze down the man's body, I can see his
erection pointing straight up into the air, and now the woman reaches over
his thigh and begins to squeeze and fondle his cock. In turn, his hand
inserts itself between her thighs and she spreads her legs. And I thought I
was uninhibited to remain lying there for them to see. Don't they think I
might wake up? Well I guess they don't care, or maybe they are hoping that I
will wake up. They certainly haven't been speaking in whispers, for I have
been able to hear every word over the short  expanse of water.

Again I am wondering what I should do next, and My thoughts are preempted by
their actions. I hear the woman say that she doesn't feel the need for
physical foreplay, that the scenery of the lake and their graphic talk has
made her ready and anxious to have the man start to fuck her right away. They
speak so explicitly to each other! He teasingly tells her that perhaps they
should wait a bit, but she laughs and then pleads with him to get with the
program. With that, she twist around so that she is kneeling on the deck with
her rear end pointing right at me. He kneels beside her and reaches over her
ass cheeks and runs a finger down into the crease of her cunt. Now that they
have turned away from me, I can open my eyes more fully, and this allows me a
better view. The first thing I notice is that both of them are shaved
completely. There is not a single hair on either of their pubic hairs. It
makes them seem younger, although they are obviously not teen agers. And in
their current positions, I can see her cunt looking just like the peach that
she saw in my cunt, with the wet split down the middle. His cock juts out and
arches up, occasionally bumping into her hip as he slides his finger back and
forth in her cunt, massaging her clitoris. 

She is obviously enjoying this stimulation, but  she isn't satisfied by it.
She wants his cock now, and he finally relents to her begging and position
himself behind her ass, toes draped over the edge of the dock. My view of her
cunt is now gone, but is replaced by his smooth ass with rippling muscles
fluttering around as he inserts his cock into her cunt. Once he is deeply
embedded, he shifts his weight onto his left knee, and lifts his right foot
up and over her leg. His right thigh is almost up and over her ass, and now I
can see his hairless balls dangling below his exposed asshole. Since they are
both facing directly away, I lean forwards and crane my neck towards the
couple. One finger begins to toy with my clitoris, but I am too enchanted
with the view to pay much attention to myself.

Now the woman is emitting a sharp grunt each time the man sheathes his long
curved cock deep into the scabbard of her vagina. her shoulders drop to the
deck, one fore arm cradling her head. Her other hand reach under herself and
I can see exactly what she is ding in the shadows of their thighs. She is
using four of her fingers to prod and juggle his balls, and as he saws back
and forth, she extends her thumb  back into her cunt, so that it can rub hard
over her clitoris. The work of her hand results in the reward she has
intended, for now they are both howling and hollering. Maybe this is kind of
like what I sounded like when I was masturbating a few hours ago.

I am amazed at how long they are able to keep this up. TheY seem so close to
the peak of their excitement, but they hold off having their orgasms. When
they appear to be getting close, the man becomes motionless, and the woman
rocks herself methodically onto his cock. When the time finally arrives, he
grasps her hips and pull her ass hard into his groin as he repeatedly lunges
his cock into her as if he were the piston in a motorcycle engine. I can see
his sweat-shiny ass cheeks glisten in the hot sunlight. His muscles suddenly
tense up and he stops moving as his orgasm seizes control. The woman screams
at his that she is coming as well, and she starts to grind her ass around in
a circular motion.

Just at that moment, the man swivels his upper body around so that he is
facing me again, and his eyes lock with mine. A broad and friendly smile
covers his face, and the tip of his tongue licks around his lips. As his
orgasm mounts and then passes its peak, his eyes clench shut, and he
surprises us all by arching his body backwards, which shifts his weigh enough
to pull the woman and him out over the edge of the dock. Joined together
still at the hips, they flail their arms outwards and splash into the water.
And then they sink below the surface. Where did they go? They have
disappeared for at least 30 seconds, and the surface of the water becomes
mirror-still again. With the glare of the sun, I can't see through the
reflective veneer.

I begin to worry about their disappearance, when they scare the daylights out
of me by launching themselves out of the water like cruise missiles, only 3
or 4 feet in front of my position,splashing water all over my sun-heated
skin. It makes me jump up from my chair, and on impulse, I leap into the air,
curling myself into a tight cannonball, and land next to them in the lake.
When I come to the surface, we wordlessly come together in a three-way
embrace. Each of my hands slides down a back and grabs hold of a hard ass
cheek. They do the same to me..............

It's going to be one hell of a week here in the Maine woods. I thought I was
here to get away from it all in complete solitude. Now it appears that I've
stumbled into a wild and animalistic orgy that will both excite and relax me
in a way that I could only dream about. Will I need any of the clothes that I
brought? I hope not. Time will tell. I'm tingling all over thinking about the
rest of the week.
