Archive-name: 3plus/open-01.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Open Marriage Chronicles - 1


The following is an actual true to life experence brought to you
in a layman's writing style.


My wife Elaine and I would like to share our sexual experiences
with your readers.  This is a second marriage for both Elaine and
myself and when Elaine and I began dating we were also dating
others as well.  Elaine and I began sleeping together on our first
date, actually we had returned to her apartment after a movie, and
while I was trying to get up the nerve to try something she
started rubbing my cock. Feeling its swelling she unzipped my
trousers and gave me the best blow-job I'd ever had. And to make
things even better she is not a spitter and swallowed every drop
of my fluid.

I knew that if she would go down on me on our first date that she
was also doing the same for the other men she was dating but we
were not as yet in love with each other so it really didn't matter
to me.  In fact I found the idea of her screwing other men
strangely arousing.

I didn't mention my feelings about this to Elaine and she never
talked about what she did with others until one night when I
arrived to pick her up for a date.  Just as I turned onto her
street I noticed a car pull out of her drive and turn the opposite
way down the street.  I didn't think much about this until I rang
the doorbell. Elaine, thinking I was the other man, called from
behind the door as she opened it "What's the matter Jim. Haven't
you had enough for one day?".  When she saw it was me and not Jim
she was as startled as I. Standing in her open doorway with
nothing on she gasped "I. I thought you were someone else."
"Obviously." I replied. "God, I'm sorry John. I guess I lost track
of time." I realized that I had become extremely excited seeing
her that way and knowing that another man had just made love to
her. All I could say was "Did you and your friend enjoy
yourselves?". I didn't mean this the way it sounded and Elaine
replied "Don't be angry. Please. You had to know I have been
dating other men and we don't really have anything permanent do
we." We were in her apartment now and I said "We could if you
wanted." "What do you mean, We could?" she said. "I mean we can
have whatever you want." "I want you to forget about what just
happened and love me." Elaine said. "I do love you." I said "And I
don't want to forget about what just happened. I want you to tell
me about what happened while I screw you brains out." "You mean
now?" "Right now." I replied as I picked Elaine up in my arms and
carried her to the bedroom.

Elaine's bed was a mess. I could smell the musk from her
lovemaking. I noticed a large wet stain on the sheets and knew
that on that spot another man had emptied himself in my beautiful
Elaine's cunt. I knew also that she must have enjoyed it just as
much as he had and that only served to make me more excited.

I placed Elaine on the opposite side of the bed from the wetness
and said as I began tearing at my clothes "May as well mess up
both side now hadn't we."  Elaine said as she was nervously trying
to unbuckle my trousers "I love you John. I really love you." My
trousers fell to the floor and as I buried my face between her
legs to kiss her pussy, I said "Just tell me what happened." I
noticed Jim's cum was still seeping from Elaine's pussy. I didn't
know how I felt about eating her out with someone else's cum still
inside her. I only knew that I wanted more than anything for her
to start talking and for me to start eating. "Are you serious?"
Elaine asked. "100 percent." I said in a muffled voice because by
now I had her cunt lips parted and was trying to reach her depths
with my tongue.  I could taste Jim's cum on my tongue and feel
it's almost pleasant burning sensation on the back of my through.

Elaine began. "I have know Jim for about 4 months now. I met him
while shopping and he invited me to join him for a drink. We
talked and he told me he was married and that his wife had an
affair with his neighbor. He admitted that he had invited me for
drinks hoping to get even with her but didn't think he could go
thru with it. I was really attracted to Jim right away and I told
him that he shouldn't encourage something if he couldn't follow
thru.  He asked if I were serious and I told him I was indeed. He
asked where we could go and I told him to follow me. We came here
and made love for hours." "He was good then?" I asked. "The best."
Elaine continued. "Since then Jim come over about two or three
times a week. He called this morning and wanted to come today."
"What time did he arrive?" I asked. "About 10. He wanted me to
give him head as soon as he got here." "Did you?" "I did and he
shot a load you wouldn't believe. He came so fast I couldn't
believe it. He said he hadn't had any science we had done it
together the week before. I know it must have been true from the
way he came." "Did you swallow his load?" I asked. "You know I'm
not a spitter. Of course I swallowed it. What I could anyway. He
came so much and it was so thick that some of it squirted out of
my mouth and onto my chin and face. Jim helped me get it off with
his fingers and I licked them clean for him." "He arrived at 10
and left at seven. What happened next?" "Well, after I sucked him
off we came in here and I played with his cock, kissing it and
sucking it until he was ready to fuck me. We fucked then I sucked
him hard again and we fucked some more. We fell asleep then and
didn't wake up until five. I woke up with Jim eating my bush just
as you are now." "Does he give good head?" I asked. "Not as good
as you. He doesn't take my clit in his mouth the way you do. I
mean I like it when he eats me but you're better." "You must have
fucked him again because the bed is still wet." "I did. First we
got into a 69 position and sucked each other. He almost came in my
mouth but this time I wanted him to cum in my pussy so I quit
sucking his cock and just licked his balls. He really enjoys it
when I lick the underside of his balls and the area near his ass."
"Did you come while he was eating you?" "Not this time. It's kinda
hard for me to come when he eats me but I did come twice earlier
while he ate me." "What next?" "Well, Jim got me on my hands and
knees and fucked me doggy style. He likes that too because he says
he can reach deeper inside that way." "Did he come inside you
then?" "No, not then. We changed with me sitting on top and slowly
pumping his cock in me. Then he got on top and really started
fucking me hard. I could feel his balls slapping my ass as he
pounded me. Just as I started to cum I felt his balls tighten and
he unloaded all that he had in me. It must have been a lot from
the wet spot and it was running down me leg when you arrived. Can
you taste Jim's cum in me?" "Not now." I replied. "I think I've
cleaned you out pretty good." "I want to suck your cock." Elaine
said. I lay on my back and Elaine got between my legs so we could
look into each others eyes as she sucked my cock. I like to watch
as I shoot off and Elaine swallows my load.  Today I told her I
wanted her to take my cock out of her mouth and jack me as I came.
I wanted to see the cum shoot into her mouth.

Just as I was about to loose my load Elaine opened her mouth and
with a gentle squeezing motion she jacked my load into her mouth.
I watched as the thick white fluid sprang from my cock and found
it's way in Elaine's mouth. She lost surprisingly little of my load
as she took my cock into her mouth to drain all she could.

When convinced she had all I could give she moved up and gave me
a kiss. At first I was surprised how wet her lips were but then I
realized that she had not swallowed my load as she normally does.
Instead she was sharing it with me. I must say I enjoyed tasting
my own cum, Still warm and thick. We still do this sometimes and
it never fails to excite me.

Elaine and I married shortly after this experience. We have been
married for almost 12 years now and she still dates other men. She
dated Jim for about three years after we were married and on
several occasions I joined them. I can't explain why I enjoy my
beautiful wife have sex with other men. I just do.  I love to
watch as she enjoys herself while pleasing another man. I have
encouraged Elaine to date other men she find attractive and to tell
me the details later.

Just last tuesday she met a guy. His name is Bill and he's a
salesman that travels this area. He is in town tonight and invited
Elaine to dinner and drinks. Elaine is here dressing for her date
with Bill tonight and I noticed she douched herself and put on
some really sexy panties and bra. I think she is going to wear the
red dress I bought her. I hope she does because she looks great in
it and it drives men wild.

Well Elaine just drove off to meet Bill.  Before she left she read
this letter and has approved of my sending it. She also told me
that she planned to stay the entire night with Bill at his hotel.
They'll be up all night fucking and sucking. Elaine really hates
quickies.

Well I think I'll go watch one of the movies Elaine and I made with
an Italian guy we met on vacation this past summer.  One day I'll
write about another of our experences or perhaps one day we'll
share the video's with you.


If you have any comments we Elaine and I can be reached at.

J & E
P.O. Box 3641
Greenville, SC 29608

Until Then...
--
Archive-name: 3plus/open-02.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Open Marriage Chronicles - 2


Shopping Mall Lover. by Elaine

I assume most of you read the letter my husband wrote about how we
began our lifestyle so I'll start where he ended.

As John told you I shopping a week ago last Tuesday. I had been at
the mall for several hours and stopped at one of the fast food
places in the mall for a soda. After paying for the soda I sat on
one of the mall's benches and began to sip the drink while
watching the shoppers duck in and out of the many small boutiques.
Lost in my thoughts I didn't notice the man approach me and ask
"Mind if I join you?". I guess my expression showed that this
man's voice had startled me because when I looked up at him he
said "I'm sorry to disturb you but the other benches are
occupied." Unconsciously I glanced around and saw this was true.
"No, not at all." I replied. "Thanks. My name's Bill. I really am
sorry to disturb you. You must have been in deep thought." "Not
really." I replied. "I don't think I had any particular thoughts
on my mind." We continued our small talk and I learned that he was
a salesman from a neighboring state and that he often traveled
this area. He told me he was happily married and was at the mall
to purchase a surprise gift for his wife. He even showed me
pictures of his two children. I remarked how lucky his wife must
feel to have married such a thoughtful man. He asked if I was
married and I confided that I was happily married also but we as
yet didn't have any children.

I found Bill to be very attractive, likeable and easy to talk
with. I think Bill felt the same because our talk continued for
quite some time. When I realized low late it was I reluctantly
told Bill that I had enjoyed our conversation but that I must
leave. Bill apologized for detaining me and offered to take both
my husband and myself to dinner, if my husband wouldn't be upset.
I declined his offer and countered by saying "My husband wouldn't
mind our talking. Or going to dinner for that matter. Next time
you're in town call me and perhaps I'll accept you offer." "That
would be great." He replied. I wrote my name and phone number on
the back of one of his business cards and brushing his cheek with
a kiss I turned and walked away. I knew I would be hearing from
Bill soon.

When John and I were in bed I began to massage his cock with my
hand as I told him about my day and about meeting Bill. John's
cock hardened when he heard me mention another man's name. It
always amazes me that John gets excited just thinking about me
seeing other men. He asked if I was attracted to Bill and if I
planned to date him. I told John that if Bill called that I would
like to go out with him if he didn't mind.

John told me, as I knew he would, that he didn't mind at all so
long as I gave him the details. As I lowered my head to John's
throbbing cock I promised I would tell all.

I started playing with my own pussy as I sucked John's cock. John
didn't last long, he never does when I tell him about meeting
someone new. He exploded in my mouth. His thick cum hitting the
back of my throat with force. I swallowed slowly, tasting the
sweetness of his juices as it found it's way to my stomach. My but
I do love the taste of a man's cum.

I continued to finger my pussy and suck John's cock until I felt
it began to soften. Releasing my mouth hold I opened the drawer to
the bedside table and removed my 12" black vibrator.  John likes
to watch as I masturbate. I inserted the tool in my pussy and
twisted the on off switch at it's base. The huge cock like tool
purred gently as if vibrated my insides. I began stroking it in
and out imagining it to be the huge cock of a black lover.

As I let my imagination run wild I felt the first shutters of an
orgasm. John has learned to recognize my actions when I reach this
point because he always takes the vibrator and continues to pump
it in me while tongueing my clitoris until I explode in extasy. We
both fell asleep with the vibrator still purring gently inside me.

Nothing more was mentioned about Bill until day before yesterday.
Bill called about three in the afternoon. I felt the butterflies
begin in my pussy as we talked and I accepted his offer to dinner.
He asked about John joining us for dinner. I knew he was trying to
be polite and didn't want John anywhere around us. He was just too
nice to come right our and say that what he really wanted is to
get me between the sheets. I he only knew how I had been thinking
of him and wanted the same thing. The one thing I knew that Bill
didn't was that before this night ended I would be whoring myself
in his bed. We talked for about fifteen minutes and I began
fingering my pussy. My fingers and panties were soaked with
wetness as we set a time and place to meet and hung up.

I went into the bedroom undressed and took out my black tool. The
batteries were completely dead now but I didn't care. I took the
cock shaped tool in my mouth and imagined I was sucking my black
lovers cock. Soon I couldn't stand it any longer without something
inside me so I took my imaginary black cock and inserted it
roughly in my pussy. My black lover wanted it as bad as I. I
pumped myself hard and as deep as the 12" would go. I let my
imagination take me where it wanted. 

After I climaxed i lay back and rested as I planed tonight's
adventure. I had to quit thinking about tonight and calm myself or
I would begin pumping the tool still resting deeply in my pussy.
I called John's office and told him that Bill had called. He asked
if I had mad a date and teasing him I told him that I had not. I
could tell he was disappointed but I decided to continue my
deception a little longer. He asked why I had changed my mind. I
told him that didn't think one man could satisfy me any more and
that I was going to quit fucking if I couldn't fuck two or more a
once. John's voice heightened a little when he replied "Go for it
darling." I couldn't keep up the deception and told John that I
had indeed made a date with Bill. I also told him that I would
like to have two or three well hung lovers again. He promised to
take time off soon so we could visit the Playhouse in Miami again.
(sometime I'll write about that experience. Wow!). John said he
would be home early and we hung up.

I chose my outfit of seduction for the night and took a shower. I
used a good tasting douche to cleanse myself. John arrived home
and I knew he wanted to fuck me but I wanted him to wait. I told
John he couldn't fuck me now because I had already used the
vibrator and had douched myself for Bill. I knew that by not
letting John fuck me he would be even more excited thinking about
me screwing another man. 

As I dressed John turned on the computer and started typing. I
learned later that he was typing the previous letter describing
the beginnings of our open marriage. As John typed I told him of
what I planned to do to Bill once I got him in the sack. I could
see John's cock was rock hard and a wetness was spreading across
the front of his trousers. Poor baby would have "blue balls" soon
and I would have to be gentle with them when I got home.

I packed a few small items of necessity in a large handbag and
told John that I planned to spend the entire night with Bill. That
I would need that long to do all I had planned. John said that
would be OK and we walked to the car. We kissed and he told me to
enjoy myself. I promised him I planned to and that he should be
prepared for sloppy seconds when I returned.

Bill was waiting for me when I got to the hotel lounge. We had a
couple of drinks. I told Bill that I had told John of our date.
Bill was obviously surprised. I told him that John and I had an
open marriage and that he didn't mind if I had dinner with another
man. I added "so long as I come home to him." this I said just to
keep Bill in suspense. Would he get any or not? Boy would he ever.
I planned to fuck and suck his balls dry.

We finished our drinks and left the hotel. Bill drove to a nice
secluded little restaurant not far away. During dinner
conversation was casual until Bill asked if I had ever cheated on
Bill. I told him that I had never and would never cheat on my
husband. I didn't consider this to be a lie because John has
always known and approved of my seeing other men. Bill looked
truly discouraged until I added. "If you're asking if I have ever
been to bed with another man, then the answer is definitely Yes."
I continued. "I have never cheated on John because he approves of
my sleeping around. Now lets go sleep around." Bill called the
waiter over and paid the bill leaving a most generous tip.

As Bill drove to the hotel he asked if I had told Bill of our
plans. As I removed Bill's already hard cock from his trousers.
His cock was uncut and about 7 or 8 inches long. It had a smallish
head but was very thick. as I took Bill's cock in my mouth I
assured him that I had told John and that he had approved.

Bill drove in silence as I gave him a slow and gentle blow-job. I
didn't want him to cum before we got to the hotel. When Bill had
to stop for a red light a car with three teenage boys pulled along
side.  They saw what I was doing and blew their horn and clapped
their approval. I looked up at them an winking I gave them the OK
sign and went back down on Bill. They followed us until we turned
into the hotel and as they drove away they blew their horns again.
Their friends will never believe them when they tell what they had
seen.

Once in the hotel room Bill and I wasted no time undressing each
other. I lay back on the bed and Bill began giving me head. He
said my pussy tasted better than any he had ever tasted.

Soon we were in a sixty-nine position and I had Bill's cock fully
in my mouth. The head and part of the shaft would extend into my
throat with his every push. I love it when a man cums that far in
my throat because you don't have to swallow. You just feel the hot
sweetness blast into you. You can feel gentle burning of thick
white cum finding it's way down. I love it. I must admit that it's
kinda not to gag until you learn to relax your throat mussels and
allow your lovers cock freedom to find its own depths. God how I
love it. But I still didn't want Bill to cum just yet. Taking
Bill's cock from my mouth I told him I wanted to fuck him. 

I got on top of Bill and sitting up on his cock so I could get all
he had inside me I began to slowly rise and fall.  Although his
cock was no longer than John's it was thicker and that thickness
felt great as it stretched my pussy open. Just as I felt that Bill
was about to cum I removed myself from his manhood. Placing myself
between his legs I told him to relax. That I didn't want his cum
just now. This was a lie because I did want his cum. I knew
however that if I could bring him to the brink of cumming two or
three times that he would truly explode in me.

I began licking Bill's balls and the area near his ass.
Occasionally I would run my tongue over and around his asshole.
Bill would almost jump off the bed with pleasure when I did this.
A little of this treatment and I took his shaft in my mouth. Again
just before he was about to lose his load I stopped. I lay beside
Bill, kissing him. Letting our tongues explore each others mouth.
Gently I stroked his cock.

I let Bill mount me now and as we humped each other I would
tighten my mussel around his shaft on each out stroke. Again I
felt Bill about to explode and this time I told him I wanted him
to fuck my mouth. I told him I wanted him to cum in my mouth. Bill
was all for this.

Bill lay on his side pumping his cock into my mouth. I began to
finger my pussy. My hole was now loose from Bill's cock. Bill's
balls would flatten against my chin on his in stroke. I felt
Bill's mussels begin to tighten again. This time I took his cock
as far as it would reach. I wanted his cum now. I felt Bill's
first spasm, his cum exploded from his cock. So much came out that
not all wend down my throat even though his cock was at least two
or three inches beyond my tonsils. I tasted his cum as some of it
flowed around the shaft and back into my mouth. I couldn't swallow
now because Bill's cock was so far in. I reluctantly allowed some
cum out of my mouth. It ran down my face and into my ear. I was
loving it. God how I loved to feel and taste Bill cum. As Bill 
shot his load into my mouth I inserted four fingers into my pussy
and we reached the heights of our orgasms together.

We continued to lay in this position, Bill's cock still in my
mouth. I slowly sucked his now simi-hard shaft back to full
erection. Bill mounted me now and we fucked. We fucked for about
twenty minutes like this. My pussy was beginning to get sore when
Bill shot his second load into me. I came with him when I felt his
cum flow into me.

As Bill withdrew his cock my pussy allowed his cum to flow out and
down my ass. I made no move to get a towel as I like to feel a
man's cum begin to cool and dry on my pussy and ass. We were both
exhausted now and Bill asked if I could stay the night. He said
that he wanted to fuck me again when he woke up. I assured him
that I had planned to stay and not to be surprised if I woke him
up sucking his cock. He said that would be a first.

We slept soundly for about four hours. I woke up to find Bill had
spread my legs and was giving me head. It felt so good I didn't
move and allowed him to eat me until I began to climax. Just as I
exploded with passion Bill entered my pussy with his cock. No
sooner than one climax subsided I started over. A few more strokes
and Bill joined in my extasy. I felt his juices flow into my pussy
walls again. This was truly heaven. After our morning fuck I told
Bill that I must leave.

We dressed and Bill walked me to my car. We promised to get
together the next time he's in town. We kissed passionately and I
drove away. John, I knew, was at home waiting for his treat.

When I got home I went straight to John. I told him that he would
not be getting seconds. "Why?" he asked. "Because Bill got
seconds, and thirds, and fourths." I allowed my coat to fall to
the floor. I had nothing on under it. "That's even better." he
said. "I'll take whatever is left." "There's plenty left and it's
all for you." I said.

I lay back on the bed. John asked me to tell him everything as he
began to gently eat my pussy. "Can you taste Bill's cum?" I asked.
"Can I ever. He must have filled you full." "Full belly. Full
pussy." I said. I started talking. I told John everything. From
the time I arrived at the hotel until I arrived back home.

When I finished telling my night of pleasure with Bill, John had
already shot-off all over the bed. I took his cock in my mouth to
allow him the pleasure of another orgasm. And me the taste of
another load of cum. I think I told how I love cum.


John's asleep now but asked me to write this so we could share our
experiences with you. We'll write again about another encounter.
Perhaps about our visit to a swing club where I had six lover at
one time.

Elaine

We may be contacted at:

J & E
P.O. Box 3641
Greenville, SC 29608

--
Archive-name: 3plus/open-03.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Open Marriage Chronicles - 3


My wife Elaine and I have had an open marriage for our entire 12
year marriage, we have decided to share our adventures with you,
the reader. Our first experiences are documented in OPEN-01.TXT 
and OPEN-02.TXT. This is the third in our series of experiences.

Our stories are in no particular order and are certainly not in
the order that we experienced them. This is an experience that we
have relieved many times in our lovemaking. 
 
Elaine had been dating Ronald for about three months. They date a
couple of times a week, usually an afternoon quickie, but on
several occasions Elaine has gone out and stayed with Ronald the
entire night. She enjoys doing this whenever possible so she and
her lover can relax more and enjoy several sessions of fucking and
sucking. On one occasion she had accompanied Ronald and another
couple on a three night trip to the NASCAR race in Tallegadia. I
have asked Elaine to write about that experience. 
 
Shortly after Elaine returned from her Tallegada trip Ronald asked
if Elaine would be interested in being the main attraction at a
party he and several friends were planning in Atlanta. Elaine
asked me if I had any objections to her going. She said that they
would be leaving on Friday and returning the following Sunday. The
party was not until Saturday night but Ronald wanted to share
Friday night alone with Elaine. 
 
I asked if she knew what would be expected of her if she went to 
the party. She said that she and Ronald had discussed that and
that she knew she would be available to all at the party. Ronald
had told her that he expected seven or eight men to attend. Elaine
and I have enjoyed inviting another man to join us on several
occasions and I knew Elaine really gets off when she has more than
one cock to enjoy. She had three men at one time when two security
guards caught her giving head to one of her dates in a shopping
mall parking lot. Once when Elaine and I visited a swing club in
Miami she took on six men. 
 
The images of Elaine getting thoroughly used by the six men in
Miami flooded my mind. My cock was swelling as I told Elaine that
I didn't mind if I could go along. She said that she was sure
Ronald wouldn't mind and called him to confirm. 
 
Ronald arrived at our house about five O'Clock Friday afternoon.
I had heard many exciting stories about Ronald but we had never
met until now. Ronald and I hit it off immediately and I could see
why Elaine enjoyed dating him, aside from the fact that Elaine 
said that he had a 10 inch cock. 
 
It is only a two hour drive to Atlanta so we decided to have 
dinner in Atlanta. Since my car is a large european model and 
Ronald has a sports model we naturally drove mine. We began the 
trip with me driving, Elaine in the front seat beside me and 
Ronald in back. We were about 50 miles out of Atlanta miles when

Elaine asked if I minded if she got in back with Ronald. I told 
her to go ahead that she had lasted longer than I expected. I knew
she was dying to go down on Ronald. As Elaine climbed over the
seat I adjusted the rear view mirror so I could see as much of the
coming (no pun intended) action as possible. 
 
First Elaine and Ronald embrace in a long, and I knew, tongue
probing kiss. Turning and glancing over the seat I saw Elaine was
fumbling with Ronald's zipper. I could see his cock straining the
material of his trousers. Looking ahead I heard Elaine tell Ronald
"Ronald you relax. I'm gonna give you the best hum job you ever
had." 
 
I heard Ronald moan in pleasure and heard unmistakable slurping
sounds. I knew my wife had Ronald's cock in her mouth and was
doing her best, witch is great, to deliver her promise. 
 
As I drove, glancing in the mirror as often as I could. I heard
Ronald's moans get more excited. Once we passed a large 18 
wheeler and the driver must have seen the show because he really
got down on his air horn. I though Elaine was cool. Without
releasing Ronald's cock from her mouth she raised one hand so the
driver could see it and waved. 
 
We traveled about 15 miles sense Elaine started sucking Ronald. 
His moans were closer now. I looked in the rear view mirror in 
time to see Ronald's body stiffen. "Don't stop. Don't stop. I'm 
Cumming." I heard Elaine hum with satisfaction as Ronald shot his
seed in my wife's mouth. I knew she was enjoying it and that she
would swallow his every drop. Soon Ronald relaxed and Elaine sat
up. Swallowing and licking her lips she said to both Ronald and
myself "Like mama said. Good to the last drop." We all laughed. 
 
The blow job loosened Ronald up and we all began talking about our
sexual fantasies. I assured Ronald that I did indeed encourage
Elaine to date other men. That I got off hearing Elaine talk about
how it felt when she fucked and sucked others. Soon Ronald and 
Elaine and I were reliving some of their encounters. 
 
Elaine admitted that she was excited about going to the party
tomorrow night. She was getting off thinking about fucking someone
she didn't know. She has done this before at a couple of swing
clubs. Elaine said that she would really like to sell herself to
some man. She admitted that she had called an escort service once
and had even gone to meet the john but he didn't show up. Elaine
had never told me this before. I said to Ronald "Why don't you and
I pimp for Elaine at the hotel tonight?" "Sound's good. How about

it Elaine." "I don't know. Do you think there will be trouble?"
"Not if we choose your customers well. And we will." "OK. Let's do
it, just don't ever tell me their names. I want them to remain
complete strangers" 
 
Once at the hotel we got adjoining rooms had dinner and set our
plan into action. Elaine went to her room where she would freshen
up and get ready. Ronald and I went to one of the hotels lively
lounge's. As we suspected the lounge had many more men than women
so our strategy would work. Our plan was to send Elaine as many
men as she could take. She was to service them as fast as she
could by fucking, sucking or whatever. We would not charge the men
anything saying only that Elaine was working for tips. 
 
Without saying it I think Ronald and I had a contest to see who
could send the most men. Ronald and I split up. We had planned to
join in, or start, a conversation by saying what a great fuck we
just had. When I next saw Ronald he was just sending Elaine her
first customer. We had only been in the lounge ten minutes. 

I said something to one guy. He remarked that he would like to
find something to fuck. I gave him the room number and password. 
Customer two. 
 
Ronald and I continued this for an hour and a half, Ronald had
sent five I only three. Ronald and I were leaving the lounge so we
could go into the adjoining room to watch whatever action was
going on. At the door three black guys stopped us. "You the guys 
we need to see for a password?" on of the black men asked. Ronald
looked at me not knowing what to say. He had no way of knowing
that another one of Elaine's fantasies is fucking black men. We
had done this on three occasions with one black man we met thru an
ad in a swingers magazine. I said we sure are and gave them the
code. 
 
Ronald and I took a separate elevator from these men but we 
arrived before them. We had just opened the adjoining door 
slightly when the black men arrived. Elaine was on the bed. One 
guy was dressing and another had his cock in Elaine's mouth. 
Elaine's pussy was clearly oozing cum from more than one cock. The
man dressing let the three black men in and left. As the men
undressed the man Elaine was giving shot his load. He pulled his
cock out of Elaine's mouth as a spasm of cum erupted from his cock
hitting Elaine on the right cheek. 
 
There lay my beautiful wife, eruptions from several cocks still in
her pussy, cum on her face, and I knew cum in her belly. She
looked up to see the black men now. "God what a dick." she said,
her eyes widening. "God that thing should be registered as a
lethal weapon. Come here and let me have a taste of that thing."

When the black man turned to face Elaine Ronald and I saw for the
first time why she was excited. The man, although not large
himself, had easily the largest cock I'd ever seen. Elaine had
always wanted to find a cock as large as John Holmes and now she
had one larger. Much larger. 
 
Elaine took the black pole into her mouth. Although she tried she
could not get all of it in her mouth. One of the other black men
mounted Elaine and began pumping his tool into her sloppy pussy.

The cum from the other cocks contrasted on the shiny black object
finding it's way in my wife's love tunnel. The black man fucking
her didn't last long and shot a huge load into Elaine. As he
withdrew his cock a gusher of cum erupted from her pussy onto her
ass. The big dicked guy got between Elaine's legs now and
proceeded to attempt to bury is massive pole in my wife. Elaine
cried out with a mixture of pain and excitement as the man plunged
deeper. "You want it all you fucking whore." the black man asked
"Yes. Fuck me. Give it all to me." "I'm gonna rip your pussy out
you fucking whore." "Rip it out I don't care just fuck me. fuck
me." The black man now had most of his cock in my wife's pussy and
was pounding her so hard that her ass was coming off the bed. 
Elaine was almost screaming now. Not with pain but with pure 
excitement as she had climax after climax. The black pole had 
found it's way where no man had gone before. 
 
The third black man was standing unnoticed by Elaine's face. He
was jacking his smaller tool with vengeance. The black man fucking
Elaine was telling her that he was going to fill her up with his
cum. His cock was now completely inside Elaine and she was bucking
her hips furiously to meet his every stroke. "You're gonna feel my
cum. You're gonna feel my cum. I'm cumming. Cumming." the black
was saying Elaine was crying with pleasure "I feel it. I feel your
hot cum. Give it to me. Shoot it all in me." 
 
As the two of them fucked Ronald and I stood watching. Unbelieving
that any man could have a cock so large. Neither of us would
satisfy Elaine after this that was for sure. 
 
The black man that had been jacking his cock erupted. The first
spasm of cum hit Elaine on her lips and chin. Elaine opened her
mouth wide just as his second and larger spasm erupted.
Splattering against her lips most of the white cream dropped into
her mouth. Elaine took this mans cock into her mouth now and
helped him finish emptying himself in her mouth. I saw Elaine
swallow twice trying not to loose and of his juices. As this was
happening at Elaine's mouth the larger black was finishing
emptying himself into her pussy. 
 
No one said anything as the black cock pulled our of Elaine's 
pussy. To say her pussy stayed open for a few seconds is an 
understatement. It looked as if it had been filled with a 
telephone pole. The black men dressed an leaving some bills on the
dresser left. Elaine was still on the bed, her legs still spread
and her pussy was closed now but the men's cum was running out of
her as if it were a river. 
 
Ronald and I opened the door. "How do you like being a whore?" I
asked. "I loved it. Did you see that last one? He ripped my pussy
apart. I loved it." Ronald had counted the pile of money on the
dresser "You made $85.00" he said "That's about $7.00 or $8.00
each." "I guess that proves that I'm not a two bit whore." Elaine
said. 
 
Ronald and I went back to the bar downstairs to let Elaine rest
and freshen-up. We were at a table and had just finished our
second beer and talking with two of the black men that had just
finished fucking Elaine. Elaine enter the bar looking more
beautiful than ever. If I hadn't seen her I couldn't have imaged
how she looked less than an hour ago. Her pussy agape and draining
several loads of cum. Cum draining from her asshole. Cum on her
face, in her hair. 
 
When Elaine saw us talking with two of her customers her eyes lit
up like sparklers. I guess we'll be making that two hour drive
more often now.
 
Write us if you like. I promise we'll answer. 
 
J & E 
P.O. Box 3641 
Greenville, SC 29608
--
Archive-name: 3plus/open-04.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Open Marriage Chronicles - 4


My wife Elaine and I have had an open marriage for our entire 12
year marriage, we have decided to share our adventures with you,
the reader. Our first experiences are documented in OPEN-01.TXT
and OPEN-02.TXT. This is the forth in our series of experiences.
Our stories are in no particular order and are certainly not in
the order that we experienced them.

I own my own company so I do not have to work regular hours,
however I usually arrive home around 6:30 in the afternoon. On
this particular thursday I arrived home later than usual because
I had been on a sales call all afternoon. As I pulled into our
drive I was surprised to see a new Mersades parked in our drive. 
then I remembered Elaine had told me that she had met an
automobile salesman the week before when she and one of her dates
had been to a club in a neighboring city. She said that she had
danced several dances with her new friend and that he had asked
her out sometime. She had given him our phone number and had
encouraged him to call.

As I walked by the shiny new car I saw the window sticker had the
name of a dealer in the city where Elaine had gone dancing. At our
door I found the door had been locked. This could only mean one
thing. It was Elaine's way of telling me that she had company and
that I should go back to the office. I could feel my cock swelling
in my trousers. I knew that Elaine would have tried called me at
the office or on my car phone to let me know that she was
entertaining. When I talked with Elaine at 5:30 she had not
mentioned and she didn't mention anything then. I knew that her
friend could not have been there long.

Science it was now past dark I Decided to play voyeur. Quietly I
walked around back. The only light I could see was a dim glow
coming from our den. We have a large deck with sliding doors in
our den. The drapes were not drawn at the doors so I climbed the
three stairs to the deck. The sliding glass doors were open and
only the screen was closed. Even though it was summer this was
unusual.

The deck was in total darkness except where the dim shaft of light
form the doorway lighted it. I stayed in the shadows and as I
approached the open doorway I heard Elaine talking to her friend.
I'll call him Jim from here but I didn't know his name at this
point. Elaine and Jim were on the sofa sipping drinks. Elaine was
wearing one of my shirts over her Bikini. She didn't have her
bikini top on and her dark nipples shown clearly through the
fabric. Jim had his hand on Elaine thigh and was gently rubbing
her leg. I knew he was inching his way to her crotch. I knew
Elaine was playing along because she sat next to Jim with one leg
and foot drawn under her. Her crotch fully exposed to any advances
that might come.

Elaine was saying how surprised and delighted she had been when
Jim had called. He told her how delighted he was to here that I
would be away that night. I knew that Elaine would expect me to
call when I found the door locked and she would let me know then
that she wanted me to give her time alone. I decided to watch a
little longer before I called.

Jim's hand found her crouch and Elaine leaned over to kiss him. As
they held their embrace, their tongues probing, I saw Jim push
Elaine's bottom aside, his fingers were probing the insides of
Elaine pussy now. Elaine placed her hand on Jim's to encourage him
to continue his exploration. Jim continued to finger fuck Elaine
as she began massaging his cock through his trousers. They held
their kiss. It was time for me to place a phone call.

Returning to my car I turned on the ignition to power-up my car
phone. Nervously I dialed our home number. The phone rang three
times before Elaine answered. She was breathing heavily. I asked
why she was breathing so and she replied "The usual." Playing
along I said "I'll be home in about ten minutes." "No. Not
tonight." She replied. "Got company?" I said. "Yes." "Are you
fucking him." "Not yet. But I will." she said. "Suck him too I
suppose." "Yes. You know I will." "OK. but I have to tell you that
I've already seen you from the deck." "I thought you might." she
said. "I think I'll watch a little longer. OK?" I asked. "You
bet." she said "That's why I opened it." she said. I knew Jim was
probably fingering Elaine's pussy as we talked so I said "Is your
friend still fingering you?" "I think there's two in there." she
said. "OK. pull your bottoms off for him. I'll park down the
street and go back to the deck." I said. "It's been done." she
said. So Jim had already pulled her bikini off. Knowing he
couldn't tell what Elaine and I planned by hearing only her side
of our conversation I said to her. "I want you to fuck him good
and then I want seconds when he leaves. OK?" "I will." she said.
We said goodbys and hung up. I backed out of the drive and parked
my car in a neighbors drive that was away on vacation.

Quietly I returned to the deck. Elaine was lying back now, the
phone still clutched in her hand. Jim was between Elaine's legs,
his head buried in her pussy. I took my cock out and began to
slowly stroke it as Jim ate my wife's pussy. I thought Elaine was
going to cum and I guess Jim thought so too because he stood and
unhooked his belt. As Jim's stepped out of his trousers I saw his
tool for the first time. He had about 10 or 11 inches. It was
extremely thick with a rather small head in comparison to it's
size.

Elaine sat up. Taking Jim's cock in her hand she said. "God, what
a beautiful dick. You can certainly stretch things with that."
Elaine took Jim in her mouth. I noticed Elaine had easily
maneuvered Jim so I could see their profile as Elaine's head
pumped Jim's cock in her mouth. See looked in my direction and, I
don't think she could see me, winked.

I continued to pump my cock as I watched my beautiful wife please
this stranger with her mouth. I could clearly see the veins on
Jim's cock as it found it's way to the back of Elaine's throat. I
had to quit stroking my own cock because I was about to lose my
load. I wanted to wait. I wanted to cum at the same time as Jim.
I wondered where he would finish. In my wife's mouth or pussy. Her
pussy I hoped because I wanted to fuck her while his cum was still
hot inside her.

Soon Jim had Elaine on the floor and was a over her, his cock
poised to plunge itself into my wife's tunnel. As Jim had laid
Elaine back she had once again maneuvered herself in position so
I would have an excellent view. I saw her juices had begun
flowing. I knew her box was yearning for a stiff dick.

Elaine reached between her legs and took Jim's meat in her hand.
While Elaine guided his cock Jim, with one continuous push plunged
his entire staff into my wife. Elaine moaned with excitement and
arched her hips offering her pussy entirely to Jim's cock. I
watched in silence as Jim pumped furiously at Elaine's pussy.
Elaine had Jim's balls in her hand and began to gently massage
them into releasing their hot creamy fluid. Once Elaine took her
hand from Jim's balls and with a pointing motion she pointed to
her pussy, now filled with Jim's cock. Then with the same hand she
made the 'OK' sign.  Then she took her middle finger and began to
gently rub around and across Jim's asshole. I was ready for her
next move as her finger slid into Jim's ass.

Elaine was fingering Jim's ass. Jim was pounding his meat into
Elaine's pussy and I was jerking myself off. Elaine was panting
for Jim to fuck her hard to "Give me that dick. Blow your load in
me." She was saying. "God, you fuck good. I want your cum." I saw
Elaine hips buck in a way that I knew she was cumming. "Oh God
Jim, fuck me. Fuck me. I'm cumming, I'm cumming." "Cum with me
Jim. shoot you cum in me."

I had to quit jacking myself or I would loose my load on the deck.
I had moved closer now and could hear the sound Jim's cock made as
it slid in and out of Elaine's pussy. I could clearly see Elaine
closing her pussy mussels around Jim's cock on the out-stroke. She
knew this would help Jim release everything into her. Elaine began
climaxing again. "Oh God, here it comes. I'm cumming. Fuck me.
Fuck me hard. I'm cumming." This time just as Elaine was reaching
the heights of her orgasm Jim's back stiffened. Plunging his cock
as deep as it would go into Elaine I herd her saying. "Oh yes,
yes, yes darling. Give me your load. Give your cum." Jim tried to
pump his meat but the throes of orgasm had him almost immobilized.
Elaine was gasping "I feel it. I feel your cum in me. That's it
baby shoot it all."

Jim pumped his seed into Elaine and collapsed on top of her.
Elaine told Jim "Don't take it out. I want to feel your hot cum in
me." As my wife lay exhausted under her lover, his seed coating
her insides and his cock softening in her pussy, I felt more love
than ever for her. I watched as they lay silently for a few
minutes then Jim said he had to go. Elaine kissed told him that
she had enjoyed their workout. Jim said he had enjoyed it also and
asked if he could return sometime. Elaine told him that she would
be disappointed if he didn't.

Jim withdrew his almost soft cock from Elaine's pussy and for a
few seconds her pussy lips remained open. I could clearly see
Jim's jism inside her. Then his cum began to slowly seep out of
her pussy and run down her ass. Elaine loves to feel the cum as it
runs out and covers her ass so she asked Jim "Do you mind if I
just lay here and don't show you out." Jim bent down and kissing
her said "Not at all. You deserve the rest. You're the best fuck
in town." "Glad you like it. You'll have to CUM again." they both
laughed and Jim turned to leave.

Jim was not out of the house before I entered through the sliding
doors. "Did you enjoy the show honey?" Elaine asked. "Loved it."
I said as I removed my clothes. "I want you to eat Jim's cum out
of me honey." Elaine said. Placing myself between Elaine's legs I
looked at her seeping pussy. Jim's thick white cum still oozed
from the mouth of her reddened pussy. It slowly ran in globs down
her ass spreading itself into our carpet. "Guess I better get to
it before we have to clean the carpet." I said.

I took my tongue and licking it up Elaine's ass, across her
asshole and on to her pussy, I licked Jim's cum form her. I could
taste the salty burning sensation as the thick fluid reached my
throat. I buried my face in Elaine's sloppy pussy and began to eat
in earnest. As Elaine began to climax I got up and quickly mounted
her. My cock slid easily into her tunnel where, just a few minutes
ago, another man had enjoyed her pleasures and released his seed
into her. I couldn't stand it any longer. I exploded into her the
way I always do after she has been with another man.

We fell asleep in each others arms there on the floor.

I know many of you will ask if this actually happened and how
could a man enjoy watching his wife make love to another. My only
answer is this actually did happen and I not only enjoy watching
and hearing about my wife fucking around. I encourage it. Elaine
is an extremely attractive woman. She is a former state beauty
pageant winner and is the same weight and measurements now. She
has always enjoyed sex and particularly enjoys sex with multiple
partners. I found out about this before our marriage 12 years ago
and became excited about it then. I have the same feelings now. If
I don't accompany her on dates (I rairly do) I enjoy hearing the
details later. Our sex life is as good, if not better, now as when
we were married. Elaine dates other men on average of three or
four times a month. Sometimes more than that. She is currently
involved with three men, four if you count Jim. She almost always
has sex, oral straight or both, with her dates (after all that's
why she goes out). We always have sex when she comes home.

I enjoy it Elaine enjoys it and her dates enjoy it. If you want to
enjoy it write me or Elaine at the address below.


J & E
P.O. 3641
Greenville, SC 29608

--
Archive-name: 3plus/open-05.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Open Marriage Chronicles - 5


My wife Elaine and I have had an open marriage for our entire 12 
year marriage, we have decided to share our adventures with you, 
the reader. Our first experiences are documented in OPEN-01.TXT 
and OPEN-02.TXT etc. This is the forth in our series of experiences.

Our stories are in no particular order and are certainly not in 
the order that we experienced them. They are except for name changes
our actual true life experiences.

Elaine's current fantasy was to meet a black man to make love to.
She confided to me that she often fantasized about fucking a black
man because Joyce, a friend of hers from modeling was having an
affair with a black man and had told her about her lovers size and
stamina. Elaine asked if I would help her meet the right Mr.
'BLACK'.

Several times Elaine and I had discussed how to find the perfect
black man for her. First and foremost he would have to be very
clean. She also wanted a man that was very well endowed and very
black in color. We had tried going out to several lounges but failed
to find Mr. Right. Then one Friday night returning on a 1:30 AM
flight from a business trip I stumbled upon Elaine's Mr. Right.

Snow was beginning to fall as the plane touched down. Elaine was not
at the gate to meet me as I deplaned. I decided to go ahead and
claim my baggage and stopped by the men's room on the way. There
standing at the next urinal was a  man about 6'1" tall. Very well
dressed and very black. Thinking of Elaine I glanced at his member
as he took it from his trousers. This had to be Mr. Right. His cock
was at least 8 or 9 inches and very thick. And this was in it's soft
state. I thought to myself that this man were to fuck my wife he
would surely stretch it to the limits.

As we stood there I tried to think of a way to introduce myself and
someway to get him to meet Elaine. "Terrible night isn't it". the
black man said. "Sure is. I hope my wife doesn't have trouble
getting here" I said. "I know what you mean. I hope I can get a cab
this late in this weather". Here was the opportunity I searched for.
"Be glad to give you a lift". I offered. "Thanks, but I wouldn't
want to put you out".  I thought you may not want to put me out but
I'll bet my wife would like to put you in.

The two of us were walking to baggage claim when Elaine caught up to
us. "Sorry I'm late honey. The roads are really getting bad." "I'll
bet" I said then introduced her to Richard. I noticed Elaine's eyes
sparkle as she said hello to Richard.

Waiting for our luggage to arrive on the carousel Elaine began to
chat with Richard. She discovered that he was unmarried and lived
alone and had a BS in political science. As she and Richard chatted
she glanced in my direction. I gave her 'This is the one' sign and
she picked up the message right away. Elaine's eyes really began to
sparkle now. She was about to turn on the charm.

As our luggage arrived I told Elaine that I had offered Richard a
ride. Elaine agreed and when Richard began to protest she hushed him
by saying "Nonsense Richard. You'll ride with us and we'll stop on
the way for a very early breakfast". Richard agreed that the ride
was tempting itself but with food thrown in he couldn't refuse. I
knew it wouldn't be long before this man would be on top of my wife.
Slamming his massive cock savagely into her.

As we drove the roads were indeed getting messy. Elaine suggested
that instead of stopping someplace to eat we go to our house. She
would fix something then weather permitting I could take Richard
home or he could stay over. We agreed. So it was straight home we
drove.

Once home Elaine did indeed fix some eggs and ham. While Richard and
I ate she excused herself to take a shower. As Richard and I cleaned
the dishes I suggested that he use the guest room and not consider
risking the roads until morning. Richard agreed. Just as we finished
the dishes Elaine returned.

Elaine had rented a movie while I had been away and although she had
seen it she said she hadn't and invited us to watch it with her.
Richard remarked how he had been wanting to see it. I took this as
my cue to become scarce and told them to go ahead. I would go shower
and join them later. Elaine winked and puckered a kiss to me.

In our bath I saw Elaine's empty douche bottle. She liked to be
clean when making love. I felt my cock begin to swell as I
envisioned her and Richard. I turned the shower on and undressed. I
took plenty of time showering so as to allow Elaine her privacy as
she cast her spell over Richard. After drying I dressed in a pair of
loose fitting trousers and shirt.

It was as I expected when I entered our den. Elaine had replaced the
rented movie with one from our private collection. It was one we had
made when we were on vacation the previous summer. There on the TV
screen was Elaine. Her legs spread around a man's waste. He was
doing his very best to clime inside her. Cock first.

Richard was watching intently and didn't notice me enter the room.
Elaine was massaging his cock through his trousers. "Enjoying the
movie Richard?" I asked. He jumped up and began to nervously
apologize. I calmed him by offering him a drink and telling him that
Elaine love's to show her video talents. Richard was seated now and
Elaine said as she began to unbuckle Richard's trousers. "What I
like better than showing my talents Richard. Is demonstrating them".

Elaine took Richard into her mouth. I watched as his cock swelled
until she could only suck the head. Standing before Richard she
allowed her gown to fall to the floor. Richard caught his breath as
he looked on Elaine's form before him. His eyes seemed riveted to
the dark vee between her legs.

Elaine removed Richards trousers and as I sat across the room she
pushed Richard back on the sofa. Throwing her legs across Richard
and with his eyes still on her pussy she slowly lowered herself onto
his cock. Allowing the entire staff to enter her before she began to
rise and fall again. 

I watched her fuck Richard in this manner for a few minutes before I
walked to them. Standing I place my own cock where Elaine could take
it in her mouth. Richard was getting into fucking now and rolled
Elaine onto the floor. He was on top now and pounding her pussy with
deep and powerful strokes. Elaine was moaning "Fuck me! Fuck me,
Richard! Give me your cum!" I sat in a chair slowly masturbating as
I watched this black man give my wife pleasure. His balls were sized
to match the size of his cock and I could hear them slap Elaine's
ass as he plowed his cock into her.

Elaine was cumming now. Her voice in gasp. "I'm cumming, I'm
cumming! Fuck me hard! Fuck me!" she begged. Richard was really
fucking her hard now but still she begged. "Fuck me! Give me that
cum! Cum in my pussy! Fill me up! Fill me up with your fucking cum!"
Richard's muscles tightened. I knew he was going to shoot. "I feel
it! I feel your hot cum in me! Fill me up! Fuck me! I feel you cum!
Fuck me and fill me with cum!" Elaine begged.

As Richard slowed but continued to fuck my wife I saw his thick
white fluid, now mixed with Elaine's own juices, begin to seep from
Elaine's pussy. Masturbating harder now I watched as the thick
creamy fluid ran onto her ass. Finding it's way to the white
carpeted floor I watched as the wetness spread. Feeling my own
juices rise I moved quickly above the lovers. Kneeling I shot my own
load onto Elaine's face and neck. 

Spent I stumbled back to my chair. Richard rolled off of Elaine. As
his cock fell free her pussy remained open from it's onslaught. I
could see deep inside her. She had gotten her wish. Richard had
indeed filled her with his seed. As her pussy slowly closed
Richard's cum flowed, unrestricted now, out of her pussy, and onto
her ass before joining the spreading wetness of the carpet.

Elaine placed her hand between her legs and gathering some of
Richard's cum she brought it to her mouth. Licking her fingers clean
he joked. "Full face. Full pussy. Full Mouth. Full belly. What more
could a girl ask?" "What about more of the same?" Richard answered.
Elaine flung her legs wide and said. "Fuck me, big boy. Fuck me."
Richard rolled back onto Elaine and with her guiding his dick into
her pussy they began to fuck again.

It's getting late now and Elaine's getting horny and wants to write
an ending so I'll close now.

John

Girls, this is for you.

Richard, John and I made love all weekend. I was exhausted, sore and
very, very satisfied when John drove Richard home Sunday night. I
have dated Richard many times sense this first weekend. He has spent
only one other full weekend with us but he knows he's welcome
anytime.

John and I know our lifestyle is not for everyone. Although we have
an open marriage I am the only one that has had sex with another.
John is free to if he wants but he enjoys me dating other men. I
always tell him what happens on my dates in detail. For those who
are curious to try this lifestyle I encourage you to find someone
you're both comfortable with and spend a no pressure weekend
together. If it happens just enjoy it. I know John and I have never
been bored or complacent in our lovemaking.

Write us if you like. I promise we'll answer.

J & E
P.O. Box 3641
Greenville, SC 29608
--
