                                 Her First Time
   
   Another SEXTEXT story...
   ...from Ojo de Ella
   
   I could feel Jack's gentle breath at my ear and heard him say,  "I want to
   please you.   I will do anything.   What do you want  me to do?"   My mind
   instantly raced with possibilities but I hesitated to  answer  him.  Did I
   have the nerve to suggest what  I really  wanted?   Would this be the time
   when I would   finally find  out what my girl  friends just  loved to have
   their lovers do to them?
   
   "Please!  I want to make you happy!  I want to please YOU!", he repeated.
   
   Again, I hesitated.
   
   I couldn't wait any longer.   I was going to  ask.   Today was going to be
   the day.   Even though I mustered all of my nerve,  I could only manage to
   faintly whisper, "Kiss me?"
   
   Surprisingly,  Jack smiled  and,  with approving eyes,  replied, "Will you
   trust me?"
   
   I just nodded.
   
   He looked away and began to gently  kiss behind my  ear.   I could feel my
   body tense up.   I pushed my head deeper into the pillow,  closed my eyes,
   and tried to relax.
   
   Jack must  have  sensed  my  reservations  because he went very  slowly at
   first.   I was hoping that if he was gentle,  I would eventually relax and
   actually enjoy what would happen.   His soft  kissing of my chin  and neck
   was already causing my breathing to slow down.  He ran his fingers lightly
   over  the lips of my  mouth and occasionally,  parted them.   He moved his
   lips under my  neck  and lightly  made circles  with  his  tongue.   I was
   becoming more and more relaxed.  He had done all of this before and I soon
   found my mind wandering.
   
   I was never really comfortable with the concept of having  someone kiss me
   "down there".  Even though I am almost a hygiene freak, I still wonder "Do
   I  smell OK?   Will  it  taste OK?"   I  had no  trouble giving  Jack head
   (gee...I hate that  term).   But that seemed different some how.   I can't
   seem to  explain it.  
   
   Even though  it  would be with Jack,  there always seemed  something "gay"
   about it.   My girl friends  kept saying that  I was crazy.   That I would
   really enjoy it.   It's not something that all  men like to do,  but those
   that do,  REALLY DO!   I knew  that  Jack  was in that category.   He sure
   bugged me about enough.  But I never had the guts to let myself go.  Today
   was going to be the day.
   
   Jack's finger slid down from my mouth,  down my chin and neck,  and around
   the side  of  my right  breast.   It made me tingle all over.   He lightly
   cupped my breast and kissed my neck.   He traced a line with his tongue to
   my other breast.   Then  he  did what  I just  love him to do.   He licked
   around and around my  nipple and  occasionally,  lightly pulled on it with
   his  lips.   Geeeez,  that drives  me  crazy.   I've always  had sensitive
   nipples.  Jack knows this and has always been gentle.
   
   I was beginning to forget about what was going to  happen  and  was really
   getting excited by Jack's touch.   I could feel that  warm moist sensation
   between  my  legs  as  Jack  continued to  roll my nipple  around with his
   tongue.
   
   I was beginning to get so relaxed that I didn't  notice that Jack  had now
   taken his hand  off my  other breast.   It  actually  startled  me when it
   "reappeared"  on top of my pubic bone.   He just let it  rest  there for a
   minute.   I guess he wanted to make sure that I still wanted  to  go along
   with the original  plan.   I did,  so I opened my legs.   This allowed his
   hand to naturally fall between them.   I just kept my eyes  closed, took a
   deep breath, and  tried to keep relaxed.
   
   I could feel Jack's  middle finger resting right over  the opening  to  my
   vagina.  As I felt his finger begin to move from side to side, I opened my
   eyes and took  a short deep  breath.   Slowly  and gently,  Jack  used his
   finger to part the lips of my pussy.   He didn't try to put his  finger in
   me.   He just pressed against the outside with an ever increasing pressure
   until I could feel my lips surround his finger.   I could also tell that I
   was making his finger warm and wet.   It was a little  embarrassing  but I
   just loved to have him touch me.   And he knew it.   He looked up and gave
   me one of his famous "all knowing" smiles.  I just closed my eyes again so
   he wouldn't look at me.  He started to move his finger up and down.
   
   Then,  at the top of his motion, I could feel his finger bend slightly.  I
   knew  what  was next.   Sure enough.   With his next  downward stroke, his
   finger  slid  right  inside  me.   My  back  instinctively  arched  and  I
   automatically heard an "Ooohh"  come from my mouth.  He started to use his
   finger just like he uses his wonderful cock.   In and out,  in and out.  I
   loved  it.   I was getting more  and more  wet with each stroke.   All the
   while he  rubbed  my  clit with the palm  of  his hand.   I opened my legs
   wider.   Now I could really feel how wet I was getting.   I  was sure that
   some of  my  juices were going to  drip out  of my pussy.   I didn't care.
   When  Jack  quickened his strokes,  I began to  move my hips  to match his
   rhythm.  
   
   I began to sense a faint musky smell.   I knew it was from me but  at this
   point, I just wanted Jack to keep going.   
   
   Then I felt a cool,  wet sensation on my leg.  I opened my eyes and looked
   down.   I guess the feelings and sight of  what  Jack was doing  to me was
   exciting for him too.   His penis had  started to drip its  own lubricant.
   I always thought that was extremely sexy.   I knew there  was nothing that
   he could do to stop it.  I loved to just watch it.
   
   Then  I did something that  I've never  done before.   I  reached down and
   collected as  much  of  Jack's  juices that I could from  my  leg.  Then I
   stroked his cock  and  milked  more  until  my  fingers  were  pretty wet.
   Without hesitating, I moved my hand on top of Jack's and made sure that he
   could feel his own fluids  mixed in  with mine.   I was so excited  that I
   just kept my  hand on Jack's  and joined  in the thrusting  motions of his
   fingers.   I was going crazy.   I put another one of his fingers in me.  I
   wanted more!   
   
   The outside of  my  pussy  was  completely  soaked  now.  My  cunt  made a
   thoroughly erotic squishing sound  every time  Jack's fingers moved within
   me.
   
   Jack continued the movement of his fingers  and whispered into my ear, "Do
   you still trust me?"   I guess my  heavy breathing and clenched  eyes told
   him that I was all his by now.
   
   Then he STOPPED!!  He took his fingers from my cunt and just stopped.  I'm
   sure I had a look of horror on my face when I looked at him and said, "NO!
   NO!  Don't  stop!"   Quickly,  Jack rose  over  me  and positioned himself
   between my legs.   I could see his stiff penis now poised  where  his hand
   had been.   I watched as a drop from the tip fell directly onto my swollen
   clit.   Just as suddenly as when he stopped,  he thrust his cock deep into
   my cunt and immediately began a gentle thrusting motion.
   
   Aaahhhh!!  That was much better.  I love how he fits inside me.  It's like
   we were made for each other.   I love to feel how every little bump of his
   cock rubs against the inside of my pussy.   
   
   I was obviously enjoying what he  was doing but,  in a  quivering voice, I
   said, "I want you to kiss me there."
   
   "Be patient, darling.  I will", Jack whispered back.
   
   I tried to relax and closed my eyes.   After all,  things were preety good
   so far.   I  really  did trust Jack.   Little  did I know  what  his plans
   actually were.  As he thrust in and out, I closed my eyes again.
   
   Then  I experienced something that  I was  totally  unprepared  for.  Jack
   brought his left hand,  covered with my wetness,  right  up to my face and
   began to  rub his fingers on  my  lips!   I was being  bombarded  with new
   sensations.  I had never experienced my own smell so close before.  It was
   startling and yet,  exhilarating at the same  time.   Musky and yet sweet.
   For the first time,  I actually felt its  texture.   It felt almost like a
   thin syrup and just slightly sticky.  
   
   I actually enjoyed what was happening!  Even with my initial reservations,
   I was really  turned  on  but what  my  body  was doing!   It  was  all so
   mysterious and wonderful.  I was no longer afraid.  I wanted more!
   
   Each time  his fingers would become  dry,  he would return his hand  to my
   vagina.  Once again, along with his cock, he would insert his fingers into
   me  to  get them  wet.   I couldn't believe  the sensation  and said "YES!
   YES!",  in approval.  
   
   With each trip,  I was more eager to feel his fingers once  again rub more
   and more of my cunt juices over my lips.   With each trip, I would take in
   great breath,  filling my lungs with the sweet aroma.  I started to use my
   tongue  to greet his fingers returning with their precious cargo.  I found
   the taste of my own sticky wetness absolutely intoxicating.  All this just
   made me produce even more.   
   
   I wanted to be completely involved in what was going on.   I began putting
   my own fingers onto my cunt to get them wet.  Then I ran  them over Jack's
   lips.   I wanted HIM to taste me.  I wanted HIM to know how excited I was.
   I couldn't do it fast enough.
   
   I had lost all of my inhibitions about my body.   There was nothing wrong.
   How could there be if I felt so  good.   I was ready.   I wanted to feel a
   tongue,  Jack's tongue,  licking  my  clit.   I  wanted  him  to  feel, as
   intimately as possible,  what was going on inside my body.   I very firmly
   and assuredly said, "KISS ME!!...KISS ME!!"  
   
   Jack pulled his cock from my pussy and rotated his body until his face was
   right over my cunt.   I wanted him to "see"  me.  I opened my legs as wide
   as I could.   I  could feel  how the air was evaporating  the  juices that
   covered the outside of me.   
   
   I clenched my internal muscles as hard as I could.  I knew what that would
   do and I wanted Jack to see it.   I could feel how my muscles  pushed more
   of my juices from the opening of my cunt.   I could feel it  begin to drip
   down towards my ass.  It felt wonderful.
   
   My face was no more than a few inches from  Jack's cock.  When I opened my
   eyes,  I could see just how much my  wetness   had covered his penis.  His
   balls and cock were completely soaked.   I lovingly watched the long clear
   drops drip onto my chest.
   
   As if signaled by a starters pistol,  we simultaneously  plunged our faces
   into each other's genitals.
   
   I was entranced with  the new sensation of  my  own taste  and  smell  and
   feverishly rubbed my face all over Jack's cock and balls.  I couldn't seem
   to  move  fast  enough.   I wanted it all.   I   reveled in the feeling of
   Jack's soaked balls resting on my face as I licked the shaft of  his cock.
   My excitement grew even more  when I felt my  face becoming more  and more
   wet  and how I could smell Jack's  special scent as  well  as  my  own.  
   
   Jack  began to  use his tongue  to open and close the lips  of  my vagina.
   With ever increasing frequency, he would push his tongue deeper and deeper
   into my cunt.   Every time he did so, I would raise my hips up in ecstasy.
   Deeper  and deeper  Jack  would thrust  his face,  until it was completely
   covered with my liquids.
   
   My excitement  was reaching its  ultimate peak.   Sensing this, Jack began
   to use his tongue  directly  on  my  clitoris.   He made ever intensifying
   contact while I pushed my hips up to his face.  More and more of my fluids
   began to drip out.   Each time,  Jack would use his tongue to gather it up
   and redeposit it on my clit.  Then he would lick and suck me until my body
   made more to get.   
   
   He was driving me crazy!   I could feel contractions deep with in  me each
   time his tongue  touched my clit.   In a never ending cycle, my excitement
   grew.   Each thrust of Jack's tongue to collect more  liquid  caused me to
   shiver and breath  even  heavier.   Each time  his tongue  returned  to my
   clitoris, my hips rotated to exaggerate his movements.  I couldn't control
   myself any longer.  My orgasm was here.
   
   As my hips started to jerk, I announced, "I'm coming...I'm coming..."
   
   Jack immediately buried his face  into my pussy and thrust  his  tongue as
   deep into my vagina as it would go.    Over and over again,  my body shook
   as my orgasm progressed.  My hips jerked down  and my  breathing turned to
   rapid shallow gasps as my vagina went into its joyous  contractions.  With
   each spasm,  I could feel my orgasm deposit more and more of my cum on his
   face and tongue.  It seemed to almost gush; almost like a man's orgasm.  I
   WAS IN ECSTASY!!
   
   All of a sudden,  I felt the cock laying against my cheek stiffen.  I knew
   what  was about to  happen and  I really wanted to  feel it like  Jack was
   feeling my orgasm.  Just as I wrapped my hand around his cock, out spurted
   the first wave of cum that  landed  on my cheek.   As quick as  I could, I
   closed my  lips  around  the tip of  his penis and began draw  it  into my
   mouth.  Jack's second spasm all but completely filled my  delighted mouth.
   Again and again his cock  convulsed.   I  tried to  keep  as  much  of his
   wonderful cum inside but I couldn't.  With each succeeding burst, more and
   more of the warm white fluid leaked from the edges of my mouth and dripped
   down my cheek.
   
   When it was over, we both just seemed to collapse.  I was exhausted but my
   body tingled everywhere with the thrill of what had transpired.
   
   I felt Jack  lift his body up and settle onto  me again.   My opening eyes
   were greeted with the sight of his  face,  glistening in the candle light.
   I reached out and placed my hands on either side of his face.  It was warm
   and very  wet.   I wanted to  share one last  expression of what  had just
   happened.  I drew his face to mine for a very special kiss.   
   
   As our lips touched,  once again I could feel  and smell my  passion.  Our
   lips  parted  and  our  tongue  touched  and  began  to  move.   With each
   succeeding contact, we exchanged our precious treasures.  I shared the cum
   that had remained in my mouth and he eagerly mixed it with the juices from
   my cunt.   
   
   This had been a special moment indeed.


