                      THE ORAL LOVING STORY

     
     I am a man of 43 who derives probably 80% of his sexual pleasure from 
the pleasure I give to my partner. Although I enjoy most forms of sex play 
nothing gives me more pleasure than pleasing my partner orally.  I also 
love to kiss. I could make out for hours. I also love to tease. the more 
build-up the greater my passion 'rises'. I could tease for a long time. Slowly 
running my hand up and down the sides of your body (nowhere special) just 
lightly caressing you all over. Light butterfly  kisses on your forehead down 
to your throat.  Then over to your left ear. Kissing all around it and sucking 
the ear lobe into my warm mouth. Whispering into your ear how much I want to 
taste you MMMMmmm now this does sound good to me! Kissing back around your 
throat to your other ear again whispering to you how badly I want to taste 
your passion. Your hips are gently rolling at just the thought of what is to 
come.    
     I start to kiss the underside of your breasts. Licking half circles at 
the crease where they disappear into your chest on the bottom. Licking up to 
one side then the other. Lightly back and forth. Then my wet tongue draws a 
line from the center bottom of your right breast up to your now very stiff 
nipple. Flicking it lightly up and down.     All this time my hand is still 
traveling all around your now slightly quivering body. From the outsides of 
your hips to your arms only to make the journey down again. Teasing the sides 
of your bussom as it glides past your breast back to your hips again. Placing 
my hand on the top of your leg midway from the knee and your hip I would rake 
my fingers upward till I ALMOST GOT TO THE TOP! Then I'd stop. (like I said I 
do love to tease) I want you very moist by the time I finely touch you where 
you so very much long to be touched.     Your hands are rubbing my head as I 
am now sucking on your sweet nipple. Your fingers entwine in my hair and you 
are in complete control now. YOU through words or the use of your hands guide 
me to your most pleasure.  Letting me know if I should do it harder or softer, 
faster or slower, Higher or lower.  You must let me know how to please you the 
most after all that is what is also pleasing me!     
   Then your fingers tighten their grip on my hair and guide my mouth to your 
other breast. I can hear your fast breathing and moans escape your lips (This 
sends chills up and down my spine). All the while my hand is still teasing all 
of your body. Sometimes rubbing your tummy and sometimes drawing lines across 
the top of your love triangle. But nowhere special yet!  <SMILE>    
   Tell me can you imagine it?  Can your feel your pelvis trembling to the 
thought of my fingers and lips and more bringing you even more pleasure than 
you even can imagine. Well it is comming soon my sweet loved one.      
   No special love in my life now, this is to the to a woman of my future. I 
do hope to find you soon! <S>   
   Your fingers now guide me down your torso. Kissing every inch of you as you 
urge me down to your body. Although you are trying to bring my lips to your 
center I stop at your soft tummy to tease and pleasure you more.

                                         PART II
     
     My head is whirrling. I can smell your sweet scent as I lazily kiss all 
over your soft tummy. My fingers now teasing the insides of your very soft 
and moist thighs. MMMmmm I love that! I am just toying with you now. My 
fingers sort of finger paintig motions from your knees to the very tops of 
your thighs.
     I am Suddenly overtook by my own passion. I change positions and lay 
between your legs my head near your feet. I would gently kiss your feet and 
work my way up your legs. First kissing my way up the outside of your right 
leg to your hip. As my fingers kept pace on the inside of your thighs. It 
would feel so tingly with my lips and tongue on the other side of your 
passion and my fingers edging you to even higher states of passion. 
I'd kiss my way up to your hips and across the top of your hairline to your 
other leg. Dragging my tongue across the little hairs that start your love 
triangle. Then I would kiss and lick my way down your other outer leg as my 
fingers kept pace on the inside. When I reached your knees I would bend your 
legs slighly and spread them apart comfy like. My trembling lips would now 
be on the insides of your legs. Kissing all around your knees. My fingertips 
now traceing lines up the outsides of your legs.
     I would be so turned on by now I cannot think of any words to express 
the passion I would be feeling. My head would be in a cloud. Yours too I 
would hope! I know that in writting this it sounds so step by step but it 
wouldn't be. It would flow and be very natural. 
     Anyway my mouth would so long to taste your sweet wetness. My lips and 
tongue would kiss up your legs alternativly. As I approached to the tops of 
your thighs I would be sucking and kissing your moist soft thighs. Your 
fingers urging me on. I would trace the triangle with my tongue. Very gently 
drawing circles around your very turned on clit. But not direct contact 
YET <Grin>.
     Next I would trace the ousides of your pouting lips with my tongue. 
Moving to the inner edge of your outer lips. Spreading your passion all over 
you. Your can not bear it anymore your grab my hair and push my face between 
your wonderful thighs. I AM IN HEAVEN!!!! As your hips undulate and you sigh 
your pleasure out loud and then suddenly you come in my mouth. My tongue 
within your depths your hips are humping and grinding into my face and you 
are experiencing so much pleasure.
     As your orgasm subsides I now start to suck on your yet untouched clit 
and slowly bring you right back up again till you come again and again..and
again if you can.
     Then I would just lick you all over. Tasting the aftermath of your 
pleasure. Then moving up to kiss you passionatly on the lips. To hold you 
and cuddle you. To rub your back and talk about how much I enjoyed what we 
just shared. We would relax and enjoy each other. Body to body entwined. 
Both of us enjoying this woderful time that I call AFTERPLAY. 
Talking about tomorrows to come. Sharing ourselves comletely with one 
another. This is one of my favorate parts of lovemaking.
     I need not go into detail of my sexual gratifcation now. I have learned 
that if I give of myself to please my parner completly my pleasure comes one 
way or another. Frankly I am not very hard to please and anything we share 
together is bound to make me happy.  

                       ROMANTIC MICHAEL
                         
                      magic@primenet.com   
