                                 Her Gift to Him
   
   
   Another SEXTEXT story...
   ...from Ojo de Ella
   
   I  really  felt wicked tonight.   I stopped  kissing his neck  and, with a
   rather mischievous smile on my  lips,  I said,  "I think it's about time I
   paid some  attention to  another part  of  your  body.   Do  you  have any
   suggestions?"
   
   I really didn't  need him to give  me an answer  (or permission)  and so I
   began  to  slide my  naked body  along his.   I made sure  that my breasts
   constantly touched him as I made my way.   My lips kissed lightly  as they
   moved along his chin and down  his neck.   My mouth opened just  enough to
   allow my tongue to trace a line down the middle of his chest.  As I passed
   his  navel,  I paused  and looked  back  into his eyes.   I briefly grined
   impishly.   Then my gaze moved to Bill's lower body.   I raised  myself up
   just a bit, shifted slightly to the right, and then lowered my body again.
   My head rested on  Bill's naked upper  thigh,  mere inches from crotch.  
   
   I lay motionless  for a moment  and just  took  in the  wonderful view.  I
   always enjoy looking at  Bill's  erect penis.  It's not huge like  some of
   those guys  in the porno  movies.  It's just perfect.   I can wrap my hand
   hand around it enough so my fingers touch.   And it's long enough  so that
   there isn't any place in my body that feels short changed.
   
   Bill closed his eyes and took a long  deep  breath in an  attempt to relax
   himself.  I could sense that his mind just raced with the thoughts of what
   I might do to him.  I would not dissappoint him.
   
   His  penis  was  gently  throbbing  in  time  with  his  heart   beat  and
   occasionally stiffened from  involuntary  contractions.    Now,  as  if in
   answer to an unspoken prayer,  I watched as one of my special little  joys
   began to unfold.   The opening at the tip parted just slightly and a clear
   glycerin-like drop appeared.  Gradually, the drop grew larger and began to
   slowly move away from its tiny source.  
   
   This was always one of my secret thrills and I knew exactly what  I wanted
   to do.   With a calculated intent not to  touch Bill directly,  I moved my
   hand,  with pointed finger,  over the glistening drop.  As my index finger
   touched it and it seemed to reach up  and grasp me.   Bill's body, finding
   this visual  experience  extremely enjoyable,  hurried to  produce more of
   the  special liquid.   This only excited me  more,  causing my own body to
   start to produce a similar fluid deep within  my vagina.   But this was to
   be for Bill.  I unselfishly re-focused on his pleasure.
   
   I  slowly pulled my  finger away but I remained  linked  to him  by a thin
   liquid thread.   Shifting my eyes  up to meet  Bill's,  I opened my mouth.
   As my finger entered and  moved toward my tongue,  my eyes  began to close
   and I held my breath.   I was temporarily drawing within myself to enjoy a
   very special moment.   The instant the sweet  tasting  wetness  touched my
   tongue, I released a satisfying sigh.  I opened my eyes and smiled.
   
   From now on I was not going to  be so delicate.   I returned  my finger to
   the tip of Bill's penis with the deliberate  intent of collecting  as much
   of the  sexual liquid as  I could.   Again and again,  I painted my tongue
   with the forbidden taste that excited me so  much.  Each time, I rubbed my
   finger more and more around the tip of his cock, spreading the fluid so it
   covered an ever  widening area.   Bill only reacted by producing  more and
   more.  Now I leaned closer to the source.  I raised my hand and wrapped it
   gently around the base of Bill's penis.  With just one firm upward motion,
   I milked enough of his wetness that it would surely find the edge and drip
   down the length of his shaft; if I let it.
   
   I would not let such a treasure as this pass.   I placed my tongue  in the
   path of  the moving  liquid  an  intercepted it.   With  my tongue resting
   against the side  of  Bill's  penis,  holding the runaway wetness  back, I
   looked again into Bill's eyes.  This time it was not the usual mischievous
   grin.   My expression had a deliberateness  to it,  signifying that things
   were soon to intensify.
   
   Returning my eyes to Bill's cock,  I used my tongue as if to try to return
   his moistness to its source.   I ran my tongue around and  around the tip,
   coating it with the  sweet tasting musk.  I surrounded the entire  head of
   his penis with my lips and placed my tounge on its underside.
   
   I paused for just a moment.
   
   I felt his groin muscles tighten.  (I think he did that on purpose.)  This
   ejected another sweet drop of the mystical lubricant onto my tongue.
   
   And then I began to take him inside.   My cheeks collapsed  from my gentle
   sucking.  My tongue ran the length of  his shaft as  more and  more of his
   penis disappeared between my  closing lips.   I kept going,  down and down
   until  my  lips  came almost to  the base.   I could feel  the tip resting
   against the back of my throat.
   
   Again I paused.
   
   I froze the position of my  head and started  to move only  my tongue.  It
   moved up and down and the sensation of the coarseness of my tongue against
   the  ridges of his penis thrilled  us  both.   
   
   But I was the only one who could experience the reaction  of  BOTH  of our
   bodies.   My vagina was becoming so wet that I was sure I  would soon feel
   my own moistness leave its sacred  vault.   It didn't  matter.   I  so was
   overwhelmed with  the sensation of  Bill  depositing more and more  of the
   wonderful taste in my mouth with ever stroke of my tongue.
   
   He rose up from the bed and supported himself with his elbows  so he could
   enjoy the sight of  my  actions.   I sensed him watching  and looked right
   into his eyes as I began to move my head up and down.   I took great pride
   in  knowing that  I was pleasing  him.   I also knew  that Bill's eventual
   climax would be magnified if he could see his cock move  in and  out of my
   mouth.   He absolutely loved the sight of how my  lips  slightly rolled in
   and out as I moves down and up the length  of his penis.   He  was further
   excited by the sight of  his stiff cock  shining with  my  saliva.
   
   I continued for a while and then  completely  removed him  from  my mouth.
   Bill could see my lips glistening.  The rapid cooling sensation  caused by
   his cock's exposure to the air, sent shivers through Bill's body.    
   
   I slid off the bed and rested on my knees.   With my hands  on either side
   of Bill's ass,  I guided my into a standing position over me.
   
   With one hand,  I pressed Bill's cock against my cheek.   I used the other
   in to carress his balls.   I used my long finger nails to  lightly scratch
   and play with his scrotum.   Occasionally, I would gently tug at the pubic
   hair.   I pressed my face into his crotch and my nostrils tingled with his
   manly scent.  I pressed my closed lips right against one of his testicles.
   My mouth opened and I very gently sucked it in.  I licked it and rolled it
   around with my tongue.  I knew this pleased him.  I was also pleased.
   
   I began to sense that things would soon end.  I was excited because I knew
   what I was going to do.  Bill was excited because he did not.
   
   Once again I slid Bill's cock deep  within my mouth and began  to  suck on
   it.   In and out,  in and out I moved  it.   Bill looked down and straight
   into my eyes.  
   
   I held the base of his cock with one hand and carressed his balls with the
   other.   I quickened the pace and began to  make a slurping noise  with my
   busy mouth.   We both knew that Bill's orgasm was not far  away.  We broke
   eye contact as  Bill  put his head  back  and closed his  eyes.     I also
   closed mine.
   
   Bill's breathing became  heavier.   I  moved him in  and  out,  faster and
   faster.   I felt his abdomen tense.   I felt the cock in my mouth stiffen.
   This  was  the  moment.    
   
   Bill's shoulder's  jerked  and he  said "I'm coming...I'm  coming..", in a
   whispered voice filled with exhaled air.
   
   I  stopped and quickly removed Bill's  penis from  my mouth.  I grasped it
   firmly in my hands.   I knew that future events are inevitable.  I quickly
   said "I love you",  and placed my tongue just under the tip  of  his cock.
   My mouth was wide  open.   I wanted  him to see  this and I  knew it would
   please him.  Our eyes joined once again.  We were one.
   
   Bill's penis swelled against my grip and  spasmed for the first  time.  We
   both watched a continuous strand of cum spurt from the tiny hole  and leap
   for the back of my throat.   I could feel it slide down  the inside  of my
   cheek and settle over my tounge.   Again his cock shot more of the hot goo
   into my mouth.
   
   I loved it.   I loved everything about his  cum.   And there it was; right
   where I wanted it.   It filled my  mouth.   I found the taste  only just a
   tiny bit salty but nonetheless, exhilerating.  But it was the texture that
   I  loved the most.   It  was a bit like  an  egg white  and  very naughty.
   Whenever I had it in my mouth, or on my breasts, or deep in my cunt, or if
   I  was just  playing with  it  with my fingers,  I felt just like  a child
   robbing the  cookie  jar,  or  like  a  kid  playing  in  the  mud without
   permission or spashing through a rain puddle.  It felt naughty and bad but
   harmless  at  the same  time.  It was definitely a secret thrill  of mine.
   Only I would know this special feeling.
   
   Before a third burst,  I pressed the tip of my tounge right up against the
   opening of  his penis.   Again and again I  felt his cock swell  with each
   spasm.   It was exhilerating each time I felt the tiny hole in  the tip of
   his penis open and deposit more of his cum on my tongue.
   
   When the spasms subsided,  I began to help.  I firmly gripped the base and
   began stroking of his cock.  Each time I moved, I could feel his body pump
   the remaining fluid into my mouth.  I continued until I was sure there was
   no  more.   My mouth was completely filled  with his cum.
   
   Without closing my mouth, I looked up at Bill and smiled.
   
   I was thoroughly enjoying the bombardment to  my senses.   I could feel my
   cunt soaked with my own wetness,  knowing that some day Bill  would return
   this favor.   I could feel some  of Bill's warm  smooth juice occasionally
   leak over my  lips and start  to drip down  my chin.   I loved holding his
   balls  in  my  hands and watch  his  penis  continue  to  slowly  ooze the
   wonderful liquid. I could smell his manhood and I delighted in the feeling
   as it rested in the back of my throat.  I felt absolutely wicked.
   
   Bill opened  his eyes  and saw me  with a  wonderful smile on  my face.  I
   began to bring my face close to his.   I rested my face against  his chest
   and slowy  moved my tounge through the cum that  had filled  my  mouth.  I
   wanted to shock him.   I opened wider and wider so he could see  deep into
   my  throat  and watch me  play  with his  juices.  I felt the impish smile
   return to my face and I made sure  that Bill watched as  I moved  the back
   of my  tongue  forward.   Half of his cum slipped  easily and delightfully
   away  as I swallowed.
   
   I  gently  pushed Bill back  down on the bed and returned  to  between his
   legs.  I opened  my mouth and again enveloped Bill's cock.  
   
   Again I sucked his cock in and out.
   
   His still stiff penis slid so easily between my lips because the cum still
   in my mouth was the perfect lubricant.   With each  succeeding  stroke, my
   saliva mixed with his cum and coated his shaft.  I felt a ring of the sexy
   mixture form around my lips.
    
   I continued my motions until Bill orgasmed for the second time.  
   
   Remaining motionless,  I savored the sensation of Bill's member twitch and
   spurt more  and more warm sticky  cum into  my mouth.   Again my mouth was
   full.
   
   We both paused and took a deep breath.   I began to slowly  resume my oral
   caresses.  His penis moved in and out my cum filled mouth.
   
   Occasionally,  I would pause and open my mouth slightly.   I would let the
   mixture of cum and saliva drip  out and coat  the length  of Bill's penis.
   I used his cock to spread it over  my face.   Each time I  opened my mouth
   and pulled  his cock  away,  I could feel the threads of  cum stick  to my
   teeth and lips.   I could see the liquid strands connect my  tounge to his
   cock.  I would take him deep into my mouth again to retreive as much of it
   as I could.    I ran my lips along the length  of the shaft  and made loud
   sucking noises  with  the cum as  it  dripped.   It  was   an exhilarating
   sensation.
   
   When it  was over,  I  just  looked  up  into  Bill's eyes.  I drew in the
   intoxicating aroma with deep  slow breaths.   His cum coated  my my tongue
   and had formed a ring around my mouth.  Warm sticky globs glung to my lips
   and chin.    They felt  wonderful.  I used my fingers to  collect them and
   would rub it over my nipples.  I put my  fingers between my  legs and  put
   them  deep  into  my cunt.   I moved them until they  were  soaked with my
   juices.   Then I brought them back to my mouth and mixed it  with  the cum
   that covered my lips.  I was in heaven!
   
   I said to him, "I love you."
   
   I moved up and kissed his open mouth.  I used my tounge to put the mixture
   of his own cum and my cunt juice onto his lips.   I sucked his tounge into
   my mouth so he could feel how my mouth was still coated with cum and so he
   could taste it.   We passed the treasure back and forth.   But unlike real
   treasure,  we weren't very careful with  it.   It continually ran from our
   mouths.  Soon, both of our face were covered with the delicious and sticky
   mixture.


