Copyright (c) 1997  Taka Hike.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
at mrdouble@airmail.net (Taka Hike).





Man from O.R.G.A.S.M.  PART #1a (Crisis in the Middle East)

One of the Sultans had a harem of nearly 500 women. A local labor
organization was trying to organize them into Harem Workers Union Local
Number 1. My mission was to stop this perverted scheme before women
everywhere began going on strike. My contact handed me a case containing some
tools I might need, and a temporary assignment as ambassador. I really
enjoyed assignments where I played the part of a government official because
in most countries such men can do anything they want with impunity.

The driver pulled up to the air terminal. I was flying on an Arab airline and
they were all ready with their best service in anticipation. My dick was
already starting to twitch in anticipation of what was in store. Each time I
couldn't help but indulge my curiosity in seeing just how far I could go
before someone got upset. As I walked into the terminal building some kind of
airline official greeted me telling me that I didn't need to bother with
buying a ticket or any security check. He ushered me into a small waiting
room directly behind the ticket counter and explained that the moment the
flight is ready I will be put on first. On his way out he told all of the
girls at the ticket counter to get me anything I might need.

This secluded room wasn't exactly Disneyland. I soon decided that I would
have to take matters into my own hands. I cracked the door open and called to
one of the women at the ticket counter. She was a bit heavy in the thigh, but
from what I could tell through the airline's business suit costume, she was
fairly well stacked. She quickly stepped away from the counter and entered my
chamber. "Sir?" she spoke the only word she probably knew in english and
averted her gaze to the floor as was customary of a servant.

I took her wrist and led her to the small table in the center of the room.
She looked puzzled but stood obediently where I had positioned her. I decided
to test the waters before diving in, so I began unbuttoning her white uniform
shirt. Her eyes widened like a deer caught in the headlights of an oncoming
car. She began to speak, but cut herself short at the first sound she
uttered. After this she closed her eyes and left her hands at her sides. She
trembled a little as I pushed her shirt back revealing her soft golden
shoulders. Her beige bra looked like it was purchased war surplus. It was not
a thing of beauty, unlike the orbs that it had the privilege of containing.
I'd seen this model of bra before on a woman that was a 36D, but that one was
a lot smaller than what I now had before me. These were truly world class
globes. I devoted several minutes to appreciating these lovely works of
nature by pulling and stretching her teats by their ends until they had
swollen even larger and sweat was visibly dripping from her face as she
endeavored to remain still and docile. Now my pole was about bursting and I
was ready for the final course of this diversion. I moved behind her and
placed her hands on the table in front of her. I slid her skirt, panties, and
pantyhose down as one unit. Again she began to whimper something but silenced
herself. Her ass was wonderfully soft and cool to the touch. It was as smooth
as glass and her pubic hair had been trimmed into a straight vertical tuft. I
reached around in front of her and took hold of this tuft of hair. With a
modest pull on her pubic region I spread her labia and mounted her from
behind. I gripped her hips and proceeded to slam away into her flanks at a
leisurely pace. No point in cumming too fast. But the combination of her hot
box and her smooth cold ass brushing my testicles with each thrust soon had
me emptying my pleasure directly into her. This seemed to trigger something
magical in her. She started humping back into me and tossing that mane of red
hair she had like a wild deer in heat. From the sounds she made I would guess
she climaxed several times. When I pulled out she immediately dropped to her
knees and began licking the juice off of me with so much passion that I was
starting to feel uncomfortable.  The door  opened and in walked my usher to
the plane. At first he appeared shocked, but then it became obvious that he
was kidding. He beamed a broad smile at me as I pulled up my pants, leaving
this fox naked on her knees with her mouth and vagina dripping with my joy
juice.

"Enjoying yourself?!", the usher cheerfully said as we headed to the plane,
adding "I understand that there is only a male steward on your flight."
 Showing me a photo of the attendant in uniform he then asked me if I would
be happy getting serviced by this guy on the flight. I declined, but didn't
wish to offend their hospitality by declaring my heterosexual preferences.
 He then said "Oh, not to worry then sir.  I will arrange everything for you.
Do not fear!" he left me as I boarded the plane. A few moments later the same
flight attendant that I'd just fucked came down the isle wearing a dark coat
and sat next to me. She took my hand and smiled. I'm not sure how genuine the
smile was, but she was clearly there for my amusement in place of the male
attendant I refused.

Soon after the flight was in the air I was beginning to recover from my
previous ball draining experience with this woman when she opened the top of
her coat to show me that she was stark naked underneath it!  Now that's
service!  No longer whimpering and keeping her eyes closed, she gave me a big
smile and then a hug!  She began pointing to my dick, then fanning her
fingers out followed by several other gestures which I took to mean that she
really enjoyed it when I came in her.  Her hand was massaging the growing
bulge in my pants. No one would dare approach our private section unless I
pressed the call button, so she soon hauled out my member and was sucking the
end while her fingers danced around the shaft in a way that made it appear
she was playing some kind of skin flute. She sat up and straddled me in my
seat, impaling herself on me in one movement. I reclined in my seat as she
rocked back and forth on me. I was mesmerized by the way her gigantic natural
breasts swayed to and fro to her bouncing hips. As this wasn't a long flight
I was still enjoying her slow organ grinding when the captain signalled that
we were about to land. I braced my elbows against the armrests and placed my
upturned palms against her plush ass. Using the leverage I lifted her
straight up and positioned her more forward so that  every movement she made
massaged my balls between her silky thighs. After a couple of strong hard
waves of turbulence my balls began spitting into her pussy without me!
Feeling this sensation prompted her to give me a big sexy smile as she
reached over my head to grab my head rest. She began pounding her hips down
hard and her facial expression changed to a mixture of struggle and ecstasy
as she brought herself off.
I got off the plane to find a limousine awaiting me. The driver helped me
into the passenger area of the giant limo.  Inside were seated six very
beautiful giggling arab slaves. Two of them were dressed in belly dancing
outfits, but the other four were in modern casual clothing. Before sliding up
the privacy panel the driver leaned over the seat behind him and brought his
hand down the front of one of the girls' shirts. He looked straight at me and
said "feel free to fuck all of 'em if you want." and from the jostling in her
shirt it was obvious that the driver's hand was sadistically twisting and
pulling on her left breast. One of the other girls had noticed my growing
bulge and began fondling it. One of these girls appeared to be only about 15.
 When she noticed that I was looking at her she leaned toward me and pulled
her shirt up. Another girl unfastened this youngsters green bra from the
front closure and then began handling the little girl's breasts for my
amusement. I looked down at my lap to see one of the older women  with a big
smile on her face gazing back at me. She lifted her eyebrows several times to
express something like "I bet you like this" while she had isolated my cock
in my pants and was now rubbing it's length through my pants.   If I hadn't
just came twice I'm sure I would have fired my load as I looked back to see
the young girl was now masturbating openly as she looked into my eyes. The
other woman was still fondling the youngsters hard pointed nipples and soft
mounds of breast flesh. The little girl's eyes suddenly closed tight as she
appeared to be in the throes of orgasm. 

Next: Part #1b of Crisis in the Middle East

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....