Archive-name: Casual/oriental.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Oriental


    When Tim woke the next morning, he filled his car and headed
off.  From town their was only two ways to head, North or South. 
As he flipped a coin he said to himself "Heads North, Tails South." 
He looked at the coin,  "South it is."

    The second day of driving, he stopped for lunch and realized
that he would run out of gas before the next town.  The more he
looked around, the more he came to realize, this place was
different.

    In the town  he had left the day before, the women were still
wearing coats and sweaters.  Even though spring had just started,
hear the women were running round in Bikini's and shorts.  Tim
looked around and found a casino to go into.

    Tim had just finished loading his remaining quarters into a
slot machine, when over at the bar, he noticed a petit oriental
woman staring out onto the gaming floor, sort of looking off at
nothing in particular.

    As she turned her body toward Tim, he looked at her, and her
short red dress might as well have had neon letters on it saying
suck my tits and fuck my pussy.

    When the slot came up blank, Tim moved over to the bar and
said, "waiting for somebody."

    The young lady looked at him, wet her lips and said, "No. 
But I am meeting Mr. March in a half hour.  But While I am
waiting, I thought I would begin the search for Mr. April."

    "Oh, you like more than one at a Time, huh?", said Tim.

    She spun her stool so she was facing Tim and extended her
hand and said, "My name is Miyoko.  You sound like a sexually
liberated man.  Well, I'm a sexually liberated woman in search of
a mate."

    "Sounds interesting," said Tim, "what do I have to do."

    "Well," said Miyoko "I don't want to sound like some kind of
slut, but I could give you a suck job like you've never had
before, and then slip you meat into my tight cunt and milk you
dry."

    Tim answered, "If you feel up to it, we can rent a room and
see if your body agrees with what you think."

    "I'd love to, but like I said, in a few minuets I've got to
meat a gentleman.  Right now, I'm just looking for Mr. April."
Said Miyoko.

    "Who the hell is this Mr. April." Asked Tim.

    "Actually, I don't know.  I hadn't picked him yet." 
Answered Miyoko.  "But you never know you might be Mr. April
yourself."

    "I have no idea what the hell your talking about."  Said
Tim.  "I've never laid eyes on you before tonight."

    Miyoko explained "March and April are just names that I use. 
Like I said.  I'm looking for a sexually liberated man.  Last
names aren't important.  Besides, I only spend one month with a
guy then I move on.  The Mr. March that I'm meeting in a little
while is the gentleman that I've been fucking and sucking me for
the past month."

    "I see." Said Tim.

    "And you know," continued Miyoko, "Their is only a Week in
March, and." as Miyoko ran her leg up Tim's to his crotch, "that
means that it is Time for me to start looking for a new cock. 
Are you interested."

    "Keep your panties on bitch." Tim said as he lifted her
dress a little.  "Or in your case keep your dress on.  Their are
some things I don't buy without sampling."

    "I think I understand what your saying." said Miyoko as she
moved her stool closer to Tim's.  "You want to take me upstairs,
slip me out of this flimsy dress, and find out just how tight my
snatch is, how suckable my nipples are, and how talented my
tongue is.  Right."

    "You read my mind."  Said Tim.

    "I'll make a deal with you," said Miyoko as she handed Tim
some money.  "You rent us a room.  And as soon as I'm through
with Mr. March.  I'll call the casino and have them page Mr. P.
F. April and then I'll let you know wear to pick me up."

    With not knowing how long Miyoko would be, Tim rented a room
and took the remainder back to the casino and sat down at a
blackjack table.  Tim knew that with how much was left, he could
spend several hours on the table, and with the free drinks, he
would be feeling pretty good by the Time Miyoko was ready.  

    To Tim, it seemed like it took forever, but it was actually
only a couple of hours before he heard over the casino speakers,
"Mr. P. F. April pick up a house phone.  Mr. P. F. April please
pick up a house phone."

    It was only a couple of blocks to wear Miyoko said to meet
her.  She walked over to the car now wearing what only looked
like some kind of oriental wrap.  She leaned in the window and
asked, "Did you get us a room."

    "Paid for till noon tomorrow."  Answered Tim.

    "We need to make one stop along the way." Said Miyoko.  "I
need to pick up some clothes."

    "What did you do with the dress." Asked Tim.

    "I'll explain later." She said as she wrote something down
on a piece of paper.  "Here are my sizes, I can't possible go in
to a store like this."  Miyoko turned spread her legs and licked
her lips as one of her bare tits spilled out of the wrap.  "And
besides that.  I like my man to know exactly what I have on as I
slowly dance around taking it off.  Once I'm down to my bear ass,
and tits, then the fun begins."

    "Don't keep me in suspense." Tim said as he ran his fingers
up the inside of her thighs and brushed them lightly across her
moist  lips. "What happens next."

    "Well......" Miyoko purred as she slipped one of Tim's
fingers into her hot snatch.  "Before I start taking it off,
you're stripped and sat in a chair, legs open facing me.  Then
after a slow sexy strip tease, I'll walk over to you, and deep
throat you till your nice and wet so that as I mount your pole
you slide into my tight hole nice and slick.  Then it turns into
a game.  I try to get you  off as fast as I can, while you try to
last as long as you can."

    Tim smiled at her and asked "What does the winner get?"

    She said, "I'm what's known as a two cum bitch.  The winner
gets to choose how we do it the second Time, be in control.  Like
if I win, I get to be in my favorite positions. . . .."

    "And if I win, I'd get to do you in my favorite positions."
Interrupted Tim.

    "You got it baby." Miyoko smiled and added, "And by the way,
I hate to loose and I give most men more competition than they
can handle."

    Tim slipped another finger into her cunt and said, "Well
we'll just have to see who is better now won't we."

    As they pulled up in front of the casino, Miyoko asked "Why
didn't stop anywhere?"

    Tim looked her in the eyes while opening her wrap and said,
"Why, your not wearing anything under this wrap.  I thought that
we could save some Time.  As soon as we get up to the room, you
strip me and I sit in a chair and we go at it till you beg me to
come."


    Miyoko smiled and said, "A little cocky aren't we.  I'm
gonna ride you fuck pole so fast and furious you won't know what
happened.  Don't you feel how tight I am against your fingers?"
You think you cock can last in me.  Your dreaming."

    "Well I guess it's Time that we go find out don't you." Tim
said as he helped Miyoko out of the car.

    Upon entering the room, Miyoko kissed Tim and told him, "I
want to fuck you.  I want to feel you meat against my walls. 
Come on baby, lets get you out of these clothes."  She then
started to bite the buttons off his shirt while he slowly
unbuttoned his pants and let them fall to the floor.

    When Tim was comfortable in a chair, he told her, "All
right, now it's your turn.  Make me hard baby."

    As Miyoko danced around the chair, she lifted her wrap and
asked, "Do you like my pussy?"  Without waiting for an answer,
she slipped a finger in and said, "Look how wet I am, how deep my
fingers can go.  Want to see my breasts."  She smiled and moaned
as she slipped a creamy white breast out from under the wrap and
pinched a cherry red nipple.

    Tim smiled as she opened the wrap and let it fall from her
shoulders to the floor in one motion.  He motioned for Miyoko to
come over and told her, "Take my cock in your mouth slut."

    "What?" Said Miyoko with a smile.  "Are we loosing are
patients already.  I told you the object is to get you off as
quick as I can after I begin touching you cock."  She knelt down
between his legs and continued, "I've had some men with so little
control they actually came before I've had a chance to fuck
them."

    "Don't get you're hopes up to high bitch.  You've met your
match." Tim said as he grabbed Miyoko by the back of the head and
brought her mouth down over his cock. "I'll make you a deal, the
first one to cum is the looser."

    It was only a few minutes later that Miyoko Stood and rubbed
one hand over her hardened nipples, and the other over her
glistening cunt. While she looked him in the eye she said,
"You've got a deal."  Then without a word moved forward and sat
on Tim's lap taking his cock deep into her.

    Tim felt Miyoko use her muscles to squeeze his cock while
she rode him at a frenzied pace.  He smiled as he reached up and
grabbed her breasts pulling her forward to suck on her ripe
nipples, slowing her down in the process.  "Anytime you're ready
to concede you've lost let me know." Tim told her smugly.



    Miyoko let out a little growl as she pulled a way and
started grinding her hips in circular motions as she bounced up
and down.  "Oh, come on baby, fuck my cunt." She said as she
leaned forward then whispered in Tims' ear, "I want to fill you
shoot your cum deep into me."

    Tim stroked Miyoko's long black hair and ran his hands down
to her ass and slipped a finger in her cunt along side his cock. 
"Feels good doesn't it?" Asked Tim as he slipped his now moist
finger up Miyoko tight shit hole.

    "Oh . . .oh yes!", Miyoko screamed as she let loose with an
orgasm.

    Tim pulled Miyoko head toward him and kissed her while she
continued pumping his cock. "Now that I've won I get to do it
anyway that I want right?"

    "On the couch, the bed, on the balcony, or down in the
middle of the casino.  Anywhere, and anyway you want.  After I
taste your cum, I'm all yours baby." Miyoko said as she slid
between Tims' open legs.

    "Hold it just a second." Tim said.  "I want to know if I'm
going to be the Mr. April your searching for."

    "I don't know.  I've still got a few days till I have to
choose someone new." She answered.

    "So what your saying is this could just end up being a one
night stand, right."

    "You got it baby, now let me taste you." Answered Miyoko

    "Well," Tim said as he stood, "then I'm going to leave you
wanting more."  

    "No I lied, you're going to be Mr. April.  Come on sit back
down and let me suck you off."  Miyoko purred.

    "So what your saying then," Tim ran his hands across her
firm breasts squeezing gently.  "Is that if I let you give me a
blow job, then lift your tiny body and fuck you till you beg for
mercy, then I'll be your Mr. April"

    "Let me think about it for a minuet." Tim said while
Miyoko's hands were stroking his cock.  "Lay down on your back."

    "Why would I want to do something like that." She asked

    "One hell of a good reason." Tim said.  "After I've sniffed
you, licked you, nibbled on you and fingered you, you might get
to suck me off."

    "What guarantees do I get." Asked Miyoko.

    "None."  Said Tim. "It's a gamble.  Do you feel up to it?"

    Miyoko didn't answer, instead she walked over to the bar sat
on the counter. "Well seeing as how this is a casino," She lifted
her legs and placed each on one of the barstools.

    "So your game?" Tim asked.

    As Miyoko ran a hand along her shortly cropped snatch she
said "Belly up to the bar.  Tonight's special is a quint japanese
delight, and is now being served."

    Tim grabbed the remained stool and placed it between Miyoko
opened legs and sat.  "Umm," he said as he took a deep breath. 
"Smells good enough to eat."

    "Oh but it's so much better than good.  Take your Time and
make me want you." Miyoko said.

    "What do you want, huh." Tim said as he ran a hand along her
moist cunt. "Oh you taste so good" he said as his tongue
flickered over her parted lips.

    "Come on baby, fuck it." Miyoko said as she grabbed the back
of Tims head pulling his head closer.  "Yes, that's it.  Oh come
on do it to me."

    "You like it don't you bitch." Tim said as he slipped a
couple of fingers into her tight twat while sucking on her rock
hard clit.

    "Yes that's it, that's the spot." Miyoko screamed as she
bucked her hips against Tim's fingers and mouth.

    Just as she was on the brink of coming, Tim pulled away and
said, "You know what I think."

    "I think you should finish what you started." Answered
Miyoko.

    "I think," Tim said as he stood up. "That I'm going to leave
you wanting more."

    "You bastard.  You fucking teasing bastard." Yelled Miyoko

    "And you aren't?" Said Tim.  "You want to go around and find
the perfect man to spend a month with.  Well I've showed you what
you'll have in store if you choose me."

    "I don't know who I'll choose.  That's the fun of it."  Said
Miyoko.

    As Tim wrote his number down on a piece of paper he said,
"As you go to bed each night this week.  Think back to tonight,
how unpredictable I am.  How I can beat the games you play."

    "But," Miyoko muttered.

    "Trust me." Tim said as he ran a hand down between her legs. 
"I want to fuck you more than you know.  Take several long
enjoyable hours doing it to.  But I ain't going to play your
fucking game.  If you want me bad enough, you'll give me a call." 
With that he left.

    The next day, Tim had almost forgotten about Miyoko when he
got back to his hotel room their was a message for him from
Miyoko.

    In a sexy voice he heard Miyoko say.  "I've thought about it
and I don't think that I can wait till the first.  I want you so
bad that last night I could fill your hands caressing me, your
tongue licking me.   What I need is to fill your cock pumping in
and out of me.  Please meet me at the casino tonight.  Listen for
the page of Mr. Hump."

    That night, Tim sat at the bar near the door.  He didn't
have to wait for a page, he recognized Miyoko as soon as she
walked through the door.  The red dress that she wore plunged in
the front below her breasts, and had a slit in the side up to her
waist.

    "Are you ready to give me the night of my life." Asked
Miyoko as she sat by Tim at the bar.

    "You know what that depends on now don't you." Said Tim as
he ran a hand along her exposed leg.

    "I'm a changed woman."  Miyoko said.  "I know that I cannot
beat you.  So what do you say.  A month of you fucking me anyway
you want."  She talked while they went up to Tim's room.

    "Like say one morning I wanted to fuck you in the back of a
car, and then in the afternoon take a walk in the woods and bang
you against a tree?" Asked Tim.

    Miyoko grabbed Tims hand and ran it under her dress to her
already moist pussy. "Only one request baby." Purred Miyoko. 
"I'm a woman.  Sometimes I'll get so hot and horny for no
apparent reason.  Every once and a while I'll need it bad."

    "Sounds fair to me." Tim said.  "But why are you meeting me
now.  Don't you still have a few more nights with your current
fling?"

    "Can you show me a law on paper that says a girl can't get
fucked three or four times in one day." Miyoko said.
    "Only one other problem."  Said Tim.

    "I won't tell you wife." Miyoko purred as she ran her hand
along his crotch.

    "Shit.  I'm not married.  I'm on vacation.  I won't be here
next month."

    "What do you mean you won't be hear next month?"  Miyoko
demanded.

    "I really didn't think that. . . .." Tim started.

    "You thought that it would be a one night stand.  It wasn't
even that."  She looked Tim in the eye.  "Why don't you move
here.  Plenty of good paying jobs in town."

    By now Miyoko was sitting on his lap.  "I really don't know. 
If it is this hot now, it must be fucking hot during the summer."

    "You god damn fucking tease!"  She said as she slapped his
face then stood And said,  "Do I at least get to feel your cock
pumping in my pussy again?"  Without waiting for an answer, she
pulled down his pants.  "Looks like you pecker likes the idea."

    Tim kept quite while Miyoko sucked on his balls then ran her
tongue up the underside of his shaft. "How long till you have to
head home?"

    "That's kind of up in the air.  I have a few weeks off
work."  Tim started as she slid his cock to the back of her
throat.  "Oh god that feels good."

    "Define a few weeks."  She said before taking his cock back
into her mouth.

    "That all depends up how long it takes for the snow to melt. 
I have this strange job that I remove snow during the winter and
landscape during the summer."  Tim said as he stroked the back of
Miyoko neck.

    "So it might be a month from now, Right?"  She asked
seductively as she stood before him.  Miyoko didn't have anything
on under her dress Tim found out as she lowered herself onto his
cock.  "I think that you're afraid of me."

    "Shit woman, I can make you come on demand."  Tim said.

    "I think that you're going to have to prove it to me.  Last
night was just a fluke."




    Tim picked Miyoko up and carried her over to the bed and in
one swift motion got her out of her dress and laid her naked body
down.  "Spread those silken thighs of your."  He said as he laid
between her legs moving down lowering his face to her crack.

    "Eat my cunt."  Said Miyoko.  "Stick your tongue in me and
eat my pussy."

    Tim gently split her lips until the clit popped out, then
teasingly licked it making it throb.  

    "Yes . . .yes.  Oh god that's the spot." She moaned.  Miyoko
was too busy to notice Tim reach to the nightstand and grab a set
of marble sized beads threat on a string.

    "No mercy."  Tim said as he continued to suck her clit and
slowly insert about ten of the beads into her asshole.  She began
to rock her hips in time with Tim's lashing.  As she came, Tim
pulled the beads out her ass.  As each popped free, Miyoko shook
with ecstasy.

    Miyoko laid their quietly for sometime before grabbing hold
of his cock.  "Are you just going to stand their, or are you
going to fuck me?"  She asked.

    Tim spread her legs and eased his cock into her waiting
hole.  As he rolled to his back, Miyoko didn't miss a stroke. 
Each time she brought her body down, he would raise his hips to
meet her.  "That's it, fuck deep into my body.  I want to feel
you shoot your cum into me."  She moaned as Tim let loose.

    Miyoko just laid there next to Tim.  Finally she said.  "You
know if you were to find a job in town, I could make an exception
in your case and spend two months having you fuck my brains out."

    Tim ran his hand along her breasts.  "Let me think about it. 
Give me your phone number and I'll give you a call before I
leave."

    "The hell you will.  I'm gonna get fucked by you every
chance I get  till you leave."  She rolled on top of him and
looked him in the eye.  "I'm gonna do every thing in my power to
make you want to stay."

    The more Tim looked around, the more he unconsciously
thought about moving.  With the lake nearby, Warm weather nearly
year round, and a Ski resort only an hours drive, it looked like
the best of both worlds.  The only problem was how to break it to
Tonya.

    The day that Tim was to leave he heard a knock at the door. 
When he opened it, Miyoko was standing their.  "Aren't you going
to ask me in?"  She purred.

    "Would you believe that I was just getting ready to call
you."  Tim said

    "No, I wouldn't." She answered.

    Tim said,  "I've already found me a job.  I just have to go
back, pack everything and then come back."

    "You wouldn't be teasing me now would you."  Miyoko asked.

    "Nope, their are too many things that I want to do to that
body of yours."  Tim said.  "I really do need to get on the road. 
You know I won't be back when you are ready to switch partners."

    "since I know your coming back, I'll give . . .shit I don't
even know his name, a few more days."

    Tim kissed her and felt her tongue slip into his mouth so he
sucked it in as though it were her clit.  "You know that it will
be at least a week before I make it back."  Tim said.

    "Well, for every week you're gone, I get to spend and entire
day fucking you." She said with a smile.

    It was a long drive back.  It seemed strange to Tim that he
would be making more money by playing music at a private club,
than he would as a landscaper.  Not only that, It would be a lot
more fun.

--
