Archive-name: Changes/orientv2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: The Love Affairs of An Oriental Transvestite


  We are sitting on the sofa, watching "The Crying Game" together.  We are
  cuddling in each other's arms, your cheek nuzzling mine.  You are dividing
  your attention between the movie, where the TS star is tenderly giving a
  blowjob to her boyfriend, and my slender right arm, resting contentedly
  against your chest, a pearl bracelet encircling my tiny wrist.  You are
  impressed by how feminine, sophisticated, sexy I look in my new outfit.

  I am wearing a white blouse with sleeves & back made of sheer silk organza,
  a short black silk crepe de chine swing skirt which falls in big, loose folds
  around my slim waist, leading down to my shapely legs in silky black
  pantyhose, glistening in the twilights of the room; my pretty feet in
  black satin hi heel shoes are on the coffee table, giving you a beautiful
  view of my slender ankles & feet...  You are particularly impressed by
  my shoes.
  They are Yves St Laurent black satin hi heels:  pointy toes with open
  sides highlighting my curvaceous insteps, and peekaboo opennings showing
  two little toes, painted a demure peach red.

  You gently brush your hand over my arm, pulling me onto your lap.
  Your chin nuzzles my neck, enjoying the perfumed nape of my neck.
  As you brush your lips on my earlobe, I shiver.
  Your warm hand slip into my blouse, past the lacy edge of my satin bra,
  seeking my pert little nipple.  As it zeroes in on its target, I moan softly
  in my throat and lean my head back on your shoulder.  I can feel your
  erection thru my soft skirt, probing me questioningly.

  You sink your face into the loose curls of my hair, savoring my feminine
  fragrance.  You notice that my hands have sneaked into the folds of my
  skirt, and I am now rubbing myself down there.
  My breath grows shorter as I squirm, rubbing my silky thighs together.
  You watch in fascination as I rub myself, looking up at you,
  my eyes glazed with desire & lust, my wet pouty lips parted slightly,
  invitingly.  I slip one hand into my blouse and caress my nipples,
  moaning softly.  Then I lean over, unbutton your shirt, and
  start kissing & nibbling on your nipples.  I run my soft hands over your
  chest, squeezing your nipples tenderly.  I flick my hot, wet tongue over
  your nipples, teasing them.  During this, I am reaching under my skirt
  and squeezing myself, gliding a fingertip past my anus, shivering at the
  sensation & anticipation of what's to come.

  I lay back, resting my head on the sofa's arm, swinging one leg over your
  head and onto the back of the sofa, my soft skirt falling back to reveal
  that my pantyhose is crotchless!  You slip a hand up my burning thighs,
  feeling the cool silkiness of my stockings.  As your hand reaches the bare
  skin of my inner thighs, it was all I could do to keep myself from cumming!
  You stroke me, feeling the wetness forming on the tip.
  I slip off the hi heel pump on the other
  foot and gently put my foot onto your crotch, looking up at you
  seductively.  I slowly roll the bulge in
  your jeans under the sole of my foot, gently but firmly massaging it.
  You savor the sensation of your the tip of your cock being rubbed against
  your silk boxer shorts.

  You unzip your fly and taking my foot, you insert it into your fly.  The
  feel of my pantyhosed foot on your silk boxer shorts is simply amazing.
  You rub my pretty foot against your erect member.  I venture further and
  slip my foot into the fly of your boxer shorts.  Pressing your cock up
  against your stomach, I rub it gently, letting the silky feeling of my
  pantyhose excite you.  I roll your cock under my foot, tenderly touching
  the underside of its tip with my toes, caressing it.  You slip your cock
  out, and I clasp it between the sole of my feet and start masturbating
  you with my toes.  You lean back and close your eyes, revelling in the
  new sensation:  a pair of pretty slender feet in silky hosiery masturbating
  you.

  Suddenly, in one quick motion, I switch end and take you cock deep into
  my hot mouth, tonguing the tip wetly.
  I take you into my soft hands and squeeze you gently.  I suck
  on your balls, rolling them between my lips.  I run my tongue along the
  underside of  your erection, thrilled at my first taste of a man.  I can't
  help myself as I hungrily shove your cock into my mouth, sucking on it,
  milking it.  You gasp as I shove your cock
  deep into my tight throat, my tongue massaging the underside of the tip,
  the most sensitive part.  Having practiced with a zuchini, I have
  all the necessary skills to keep my teeth off of your cock, while letting
  my tongue and throat bring you to ecstacy.  I take your balls in my hands
  and roll them, squeezing them gently against each other.  I caress the
  area between your balls & your anus, pressing firmly, making you feel like
  you're about to shoot into my mouth.  "Mmmmmm...," I gurgled, as you
  thrust your cock deeper.

  Then, wanting to return the favor, you push me back, and dive
  at my crotch.  I have perfumed my pubic area, and as you find this out,
  you are even more aroused.  You lick & kiss around my nether region,
  rubbing your nose in my fine & soft pubic hair.  You glide your tongue
  down to under my balls.  As you dip the tip of your tongue into my anus
  and wiggle it around a bit, I let out little stiffled squeals of pleasure
  and my body trembles.  Then you begin sucking on the tip of my
  cute little cock, making smacking sounds & tickling me.

  Reaching for the lube, you begin to lube me up thru the open crotch of
  my pantyhose.  You rub your fingers around my anus, stroking me, pressing
  slightly.  You slowly open me up by inserting one then two then three
  fingers.  With three finger in me, you stretch me further by spreading
  your fingers, hearing me gasp as I reach new limits.  Now your fingers
  are slightly apart and you can almost look into me.
  You grab my ankles and raise & spread them as you get
  into a kneeling/squatting position between my legs.  You pull my ass
  up into your lap and put my ankles over your shoulders, putting me in a
  position to receive your penetration.  As I am helplessly awaiting the
  entry of your hard cock into me, I can't help but reaching under my bra
  and start rubbing & pinching my nipples.

  Then you start to ball me, your cock slipping deliciously into my pre-
  stretched anus, the fit almost perfect.  You start out pumping slowly,
  then more and more forceful, making me feel every hard inch of you
  ravaging my anus.  I wince at the pain.  Noticing my pain, you pause
  and tenderly kiss my ankles and caress my thighs.  Leaning down, you kiss
  my eager mouth, soothing me.  Then you take my sex into your hands and
  start squeezing & milking it, adding a bit of lube and stroking it between
  your fingers.  You pay special attention to the underside of the tip,
  just like I did to you.  You swirl an index finger over that very sensitive
  area and it feels soooo good!  As my breathing grows shorter and shorter
  and I start to mmmmmoan, you resume stroking in and out of my backdoor.

  Your strokes are long and deliberate, pulling almost all the way out
  until you almost fall out, only to plunge your cock back in.  I pull my
  buns together, deepening the crack in my behind, squeezinf your cock
  tighter and allowing your cock to slide in and out even further and
  let it rub the area around my openning at the same time.

  Our breathing grows more urgent, and then, as if on cue,
  I start to cum, clenching my anus tightly around your cock
  just as you start to ejaculate into me.  You stroke me harder and faster
  in both places as we both buck and moan, riding each other's orgasm to
  a new intensity.  Soon you let out a gasp as your body convulses one
  more time, then you collapse on top of me.  I wrap my legs around
  your hips, my silky hosed feet caressing your buns, and we lay there
  hugging each other in a sweaty, sticky mess, as "The Crying Game"
  continues to play in the background.

-- 
