Archive-name: Changes/orientv1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: The Love Affairs of An Oriental Transvestite


  Hmmm...  Darling, that was most delicious!  The part where you push my
  stockinged legs way up to expose my pussy-ass and then proceed to stuff
  my wet pussy full of your hard cock... mmm... I'm throbbing and aching
  just thinking about how you pin my legs apart so I can't resist, while
  you pump me with long and firm strokes.  I can feel myself stretching,
  just like the time I masturbated with a big zuchini.

  It must have been 1 3/4" - 2" across, and a good 12" long!  I remember
  sitting on the toilet, inserting first one finger, then two, then three
  and then _four_ fingers into my behind, trying to get myself ready for
  that monster!  I remember how I knelt on the floor, my knees apart,
  slowly lowering myself onto that thing!  Ohhhhh, did it hurt!  It took
  a while before I could sink down onto the whole thing.  At that point,
  I was so excited that just touching my nipples was enough to make me
  cum!  I could feel my tight pussy-ass clenching down on that bulbuous
  thing when I cum.  The only unpleasant part was withdrawing it after
  my orgasm:  I had to do it very slowly or it would be _very_ uncomfortable.
  When you fuck me for real, promise you'd be gentle, OK?

  I did not know that a bondage fantasy (where I am the one restrained)
  could be so erotic!  It was sweet of you to include **** in our fantasy.
  Perhaps one day, I could be your little French maid, sashaying around your
  house on my spike heels, cleaning, cooking, waiting on you and **** hand
  and foot, and generally just being your sex toy, to be played with in any
  way and at any time you see fit.

  Perhaps I would be standing at the table, bending over to wipe & clean it.
  The short black satin skirt of my maid's uniform would ride up in the
  back, giving a view of my black lace garter belt & sheer black stockings
  (no panties, as I have been instructed to remain open and available at
  all times).  You'd come up from behind, lift up my skirt
  and lean against my back, your weight pinning me against
  the table, your legs in between mine so I have to keep my thighs apart &
  my pussy-ass wide openned to be dealt with at your pleasure.

  As I am pinned helpless, you would rub your now erect-cock against the
  crack of my ass.  You would rub its head on my creamy white behind, sliding
  it around.  You reach down to run your hot hands up the cool stockings
  of my thighs, sliding your hands up until you have my balls in your hand,
  then you roll them in your hand like a pair of dice, driving me wild.
  You would kiss my ears & neck while reaching inside my blouse to stroke
  my nipples thru my satin bra.  The sensation of the satin material
  sliding against my nipples is _so_ erotic, making me thrust my ass back
  against you as if begging you to fuck me good and hard.

  Since I would be ordered to keep my pussy-ass always lubed, slippery,
  and ready, you start fucking me right there.  I struggle a little
  bit as your cock stretches me wide and violates me where it feels the best.
  You feel my tight virgin ass squeezing your manhood, milking you, asking
  for more.  You squirm against my creamy white behind, reaching around,
  taking my cock & balls in your hands, start stroking me to the rhythm
  of your motion in and out of me.  Every time the knob on your cock slides
  past my anus, I gasp in pain and pleasure.

  Then you feel my legs wrap around your legs and tighten up, as I collapse
  onto the table and start to cum.  You feel my ass squeezing you and you feel
  my slippery cum on your hand.  You grab my cock tighter and stroke me
  quicker, both with your hand and your cock, as you too, begin to orgasm.

  Wetly yours,

-- 
