Copyright © 1997,  Baron Darkside.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


(1)  Disclaimer One:  This Is A Work Of Fiction; It Is Not True!
While Some Characters Who Appear In This Story May Be Under The Age Of
Eighteen, They Are Not Abused And No Abuse Is Intended Or Implied (If
You Disagree With My Definition Of Abuse, I'm Sorry).

(2) Disclaimer Two:   If You Are Underage (Under The Age Of Eighteen
(18)), Or In Locations That By Law,  Preclude You From Reading Sexual
Material, You Should Stop Reading This Material Now!!

(3)  Disclaimer Three:  If You Are, Now Or Have Ever Been,  Offended
By Sex, Incest Or Any Other Subject Of A Sexual Nature, Please Avoid
This Story.  (I Would Also Suggest You Seek The Services Of A
Psychologist.

(4)  Disclaimer Four:  This Is For Adults, And Contains Adult Oriented
Material.  If You Are Not An Adult, Either Chronologically, Mentally
Or Sexually, Please Do Not Read Any Further Or You Will Be Offended
(Probably).

(5)  Disclaimer Five:  The Author Of This Story Wishes To Remain
Anonymous, However I Retain All Copy Rights.


INCESTUOUS FANTASIES OF MOTHERS AND SONS

Fantasy Number 58A
(THE OTHER SON)
A Tale of Incest by Incestual Dreamer, a Baron of the Darkside





Maureen watched the car slowly disappeared down the road into the heat
of the early afternoon sun.  Henry was leaving on another one of his
trips.  He was a computer consultant and owned his own small firm. Any
time one of the companies that used his software had any problems, he
would personally go and de bug it for them.   It was a personal touch
that kept his business humming.  He would usually be gone for a week,
but he got to travel to some really nice places and write them off his
taxes.  

Waving, one last time, Maureen turned and started for the house.  It
would have been nice to go with Henry, she thought, but she had a busy
week all planned out and some of the things she had to do couldn't be
canceled.  Besides, she enjoyed being semi-alone and independent every
once in a while.  Her son, Erin would be home, but being a senior at
Ridgemont High, he didn't stick around the house a lot of the time.
Bending over, she picked up a newspaper that someone had tossed into
the driveway.  It seemed there was always a newspaper of some
denomination in the driveway and no matter how many times you picked
them up another one magically reappeared.  It had to be some sort of
magic, she thought.  It was as if they sensed that the driveway was
empty and rushed over to deposit another one on the barren landscape.
Oh, well, so was life in the nineties.

Tossing the paper in the direction of the big trash bin in front of
the garage, she opened the door.  Stepping inside, she closed the door
and locked it behind her.  Humming merrily, she started toward the
kitchen.  Turning the corner, she saw Erin standing by the door
looking at her.  He had a strange look on his face, she thought as she
walked up to him.

	"Are you okay, darling?" She asked him, giving him a peck on the
cheek, "You look kind of funny."

	"I was just getting tired of waiting for the old fart to leave," he
leered at her.

	"What did you say, Erin?" She asked, not believing what she had heard
him say as she took a step back and looked at him with disbelief.

	"You heard me," he snarled at her, "I said that I was getting tired of
waiting for you to come back inside."

	"Don't you use that tone of voice with me, young man," she snarled
back at him unable to believe his surliness.

	"I'll use any fucking tone of voice I want to," he growled at her.

	"ERIN Roberts, what has gotten into you?" She screeched, taking
stepping farther back away from him.

	"And my fucking name is Skip," he told her emphatically, "and don't
get me confused with the little pansy, Erin, understand?"

	"WHAT, what, I don't understand, Erin," she gasped, her eyes bugging
out as she stared in wonder at her son.

	"Didn't you hear me," he said, lunging at her and roughly grabbing her
by the shoulders.

	"OH ERIN DON'T," she screeched, "PLEASE STOP IT."

She wished she hadn't spoken because before the words were out of her
mouth, the back of her son's hand smashed into her face with such
force it almost knocked her down.

	"Listen, Bitch, I'm only going to tell you one more fucking time, so
listen to me carefully," he threatened her, "my Fucking name is Skip.
Skip.  Got it?"

	"Uh, yes, yes, Sk, Skip," she sobbed, rubbing her cheek where he had
struck her.

	"That's better," he smiled coldly, "much better."

She didn't know what to do as she stood cowering against the wall
afraid to move.  Her son had never acted this way before.  He had
always been the perfect son.  He had never been in trouble or given
them one moment of grief.  But now, now he was acting like a deranged
lunatic.  It was as if something inside his head had snapped causing
him to go berserk.

	"Uh, Er, uh, Sk, Skip," she finally muttered as he just stood looking
at her like a wolf staring at a sheep just before he devoured it,
"what do you want?"

	"Well, Maureen, Baby," he smirked, slowly walking toward her, "I
thought that maybe you and I could get to know each other a little
better."

	"What, what do you mean?" She flinched as he stopped in front of her.

	"I mean," he grinned evilly, slowly reaching out and taking her by the
wrists, "I would like to get to know you up close and personal."

	"What, what," she stuttered as he slowly forced her hands behind her
back, "what are you going to do?"

She fought to keep him from pinning her hands behind her back but it
was futile.  He was just too strong as he pulled her hands together
behind her back and clenched them in one strong fist.  Then, holding
her hands behind her, his other hand slowly moved up to the top button
of her dress.

	"What, what," she sputtered as he casually popped the button open,
"no, no, Erin, oh, no, Sk, Skip, don't do this to me."

	"I'm going to forgive you for calling me Erin, this time," he coldly
mocked her, unbuttoning another button, "but you'll regret it if you
do it again."

Trembling with fear and disgust, she looked down as he slowly undid
another button.  Then another until her dress was unbuttoned all the
way down to her waist.

	"I'll bet you are one more sexy lady, underneath this dress," he
laughed cruelly as he quickly unthreaded her belt through its buckle,
"and I can hardly wait to see."

	"No, please, for God's sake," she pleaded, "don't do this."

	"Why?" He asked coldly, as he popped open the last button.

	"I'm your mother for God's sake," she exclaimed.

	"You are that sissy Erin's mother," he snarled, "you are nothing to
me."

	"Oh, no," she groaned, "what is wrong with you?"

	"Hey, man," he cackled fiendishly, "I am just horny from being cooped
up in there with that wimp who has never even tried to get laid."

	"OH, NO, NOT THAT," she gasped struggling harder to escape.

Just then, he let go of her hands and took a small step away from her.
Then with all his strength, he drew back and slapped her.  The force
of the blow sent her reeling back against the wall as she fought to
remain conscious.  The room swirled about her, growing dark as
brilliant flashes of light filled her head. She tried to keep from
passing out.  Finally, after several moments, her vision slowly
returned.  Just in time to see step up in front of her.

	"Listen, Maureen," he said calmly as if nothing had happened, "you
fight and you're going to get hurt.  Maybe bad.  So if I were you I
would just relax and go with the flow.  Who knows, you may like it."

Running her tongue around inside her mouth, she felt the burning
scrape where her teeth had cut into her cheek.  She could taste the
blood, but was thankful that he had hit her with the flat of his hand
instead of his fist. Flicking her tongue out, she licked at the
trickle of blood that was running out of the corner of her mouth.

	"I hope that you have decided to cooperate," he leered, slowly
reaching up and pushing her dress back off her shoulders.

She was terrified.  She wanted to stop him, but she knew if she did,
he would hurt her.  All she could do was stand there and take it,
hoping that sooner or later he would let his guard down and she could
somehow escape.

Her dress rustled to the floor, landing in a puddle at her feet.  She
now stood before her smirking son wearing only her panties and
brassiere.

	"Nice, oh yeah, very nice," he laughed moronicly.

How could this be happening to her, she hysterically asked herself?.
How could she be standing there letting her nineteen year old son
feast his eyes on her near nudity?

Self consciously, she brought her arms up to cover her breasts, but
she quickly let the drop back down as he drew back his arm to strike
her.

	"Hey, you're learning quick," he cackled.

	"Don't do this to me, please," she begged him.

	"Let's see," he went on, ignoring her plea, "Let me guess.  38-26-34.
Right?"

	"Uh-huh," she snuffled, determined not to give him the satisfaction of
knowing her real measurements of 41-27-34.

	"I don't know," he said, cocking his head and staring at her breasts,
as if he had read her mind, "Maybe I was shorting you a little in the
breast department.  Bet they are closer to 40 inchers."

The little bastard she thought.

	"Turn around," he ordered her, "and let me take your brassiere off and
I can make a more educated estimate."

	"Please don't" she pleaded with him, tears running down her cheeks and
mingling with the blood leaking out of the corner of her mouth.

Grabbing her by the shoulders, he violently spun her around.  She
grabbed for the wall to steady herself as she swayed back and forth
for a moment.  As she fought to regain her balance, she felt his
fingers make quick work of the fastener of her brassiere.  As the
clasp parted, the tight, restraining constriction of the brassiere
relaxed and slipped halfway down her arms before she could stop it.

Suddenly, she felt herself being spun back around at the same instant
her brassiere was torn off her arms.

	"Oh, My, God," she heard her son moan as he gaped at her bare bosom.

	"Oh, Erin, don't," she cried throwing her arms up in front of herself
to cover her nudity.

	"It's Skip, Bitch," he said, slapping her and knocking her arms down
in one swift motion.

	She stood before him, her arms hanging helplessly at her sides as he
gawked at her big, drooping breasts.

She had always been proud of her breasts, but now she wished she
didn't have any.  Maybe he would have stopped if she had been ugly.
Crying and blushing, there was nothing she could do to stop the pain
and humiliation.

	"They are even prettier that I thought they would be," he said
quietly, slowly reaching out and flicking one big nipple.  "They're
fucking beautiful."

	"Oh, God, Please," she sobbed helplessly, "Please don't."

	"Hey, Maureen, Baby," he jeered, "We are almost there."

She wished she could find a hole to crawl in and die as she waited for
him to make the next move.

	"You want to take your panties off," she smiled wickedly, "or do you
want me to do it for you?"

	"Oh, Please," she blubbered again.

	"Okay, if you insist," he said, reaching for her hips.

	"Wait, wait," she wept, "I'll do it."

Not wanting to feel him touch her again, she reached down and hooked
her thumbs under the waist band of her lacy panties.  Then slowly, she
peeled them down her long, shapely legs then bent over and stepped out
of them.  She could feel his evil eyes on her breasts as they bounced
and wiggled.

	"Hey, the carpet matches the drapes," he laughed as she stood back up,
"and the carpet is deep pile too."

	"Oh, My, God," she groaned, blushing brightly as she realized he was
referring to her hair, both head and pubic.

	"You are one more pretty broad," he smiled appreciatively as he took a
step back and gave her body one more appreciative look.  "Even
prettier than Erin and I thought you would be."

She just stood there, her body shaking from the sobs that wracked her.

	"Okay, come on," he told her, spinning her around until she faced the
stairway leading up to the upper floor.

Her legs wouldn't work until she felt the sting of a hard slap of his
hand on her butt.  Then she quickly lurched toward the stairs.

	"I was going to fuck you in Erin's bed," he laughed sarcastically,
"but your bed is bigger and we are going to need all the room we can
have before I get through with you."

Whimpering helplessly, she plodded up the stairs followed by her
leering son.  She didn't know what she could do to stop the
degradation he was heaping on her.  What had she ever done to deserve
this?  She had always tried to be a good Christian woman, and now
this.  What kind of God would allow such a thing, she wondered as she
reached to top of the landing?

Before she knew it, they were in the bedroom she shared with Henry.
And now, it looked like she would be sharing it with her son, Erin, or
Skip, or who ever the fuck he was or wasn't.  She was so confused her
head hurt as she felt Skip shove her toward the bed.

	"Crawl up on the bed and get comfortable," he ordered her, "while I
bring my big bad boy out to meet you."

She stumbled over to the bed and slowly crawled up on it.  Sitting
down, she fearfully watched her son undress.

He quickly peeled his shirt off, revealing his well-muscled chest and
washboard stomach.  The big muscles in his arms bulged out
impressively as he slowly unfastened his pants.  Ashamed of herself
for doing so, she found her eyes being drawn down to the pit of his
stomach as she awaited the unveiling of his malignant monster.  

Then with a quick jerk, he slipped his pants and shorts down and his
penis flopped out into the open.  

	"Oh, God," she gasped involuntarily when she saw it.  

It was monstrous.  It looked like some evil, one-eyed snake dangling
down between his muscular thighs.  It looked like it was a foot long
as it flopped about evilly.  She had never seen anything so evil and
malignant.  Then as she continued to stare at his wiggling cock, he
took off his shoes and socks.  Then it hit her like a jackhammer, the
malignancy between his legs was beginning to harden.
 
	"Well, Maureen, Baby," he scoffed at her, "how do you like my Big Bad
Boy?"

	"It is grotesque," she muttered, hatred in her voice.

	"Oh, now, don't be catty," he laughed, sauntering over to the bed,
"I'll bet it is a lot bigger that old Henry's."

She was speechless with fear and disgust as she watched him slowly
crawl up on the bed.

	"You'll probably be begging for more," he cackled insanely as he
grabbed his cock and began stroking it, "by the time he's done with
you."

	"You little son-of-a-bitch," she growled at him, unable to take her
eyes off his hand as it ran up and down his monstrous cock, "you will
live to regret this."

	"Oh, I doubt it," he sneered, "It's just too bad old Erin couldn't be
here to watch."

	"God, I hate you," she hissed, "whoever you are."

	"Now, Maureen, don't be that way," he said, "you might hurt my
feelings."

	"You can't have any feelings," she retorted, " or you wouldn't be
doing this."

	"Shut up and lay down," he ordered her.

	"Oh, God, I hate you, I hate you, I hate you," she repeated as she
slowly rolled over onto her back, "you'll roast in hell for this."

	"You meant that you would send your, dear, sweet, little Erin to
hell," he laughed crazily, "just to get even with me?"

	"Oh, Fuck you, you bastard," she screamed out at him.

	"Quite the contrary, my dear lady," she jeered, "I'm going to fuck
you."

Looking down, she saw that his cock was now hard and stiff.  As he got
to his hands and knees, his cock slashed back and forth angrily.  It
had to be a foot long, she estimated.  And as big around as a baseball
bat.  Shit, he would probably split her in two and she would bleed to
death.  Some fate, to be fucked to death by your only son.

Throwing one leg over her, he sat on her stomach.  As he sat on her,
his gigantic prick jutted out and rested between her big pink breasts.

	"Would you like a taste before I stick in your oven?"

	"Fuck you, bastard," she rebuked him.

	"Come on, Maureen," he teased her, "he wants you to give him a kiss."

	"Fuck him, too," she growled.

	"Now don't be a spoil sport," he grinned down at her slowly scooting
up and pushing the great swollen head of his cock closer to her lips.

	"I might get angry and have to teach you another lesson," he sneered
angrily, "if you treat my friend here badly."

	"Oh, you fucking, bastard," she muttered, slowly opening her mouth.

He slowly eased his hips forward, letting the big purple head of his
cock slip between his mother's full, ripe lips.

	"Just a little suck, Maurie," he teased her, pushing it in farther,
"Please."

Gently closing her lips down around the bulbous head of her son's
cock, she started to close her teeth down on it.  The instant her
teeth touched the tender skin of his dickhead, she saw him draw his
hand back to strike her.  This time it was a fist and not an open
hand.

	"I don't think I would do that," he warned her, "or you won't have any
teeth left to bite with when I get through with you."

Glaring up at him with hatred in her eyes, she gently began sucking on
his cockhead.

	"Oh, Yes, that's the way," he groaned. "It even feels better than I
thought it would."

She would kill him if it weren't for Erin, she thought as she sucked
on his giant prick.  She had never felt such rage.  How could he do
this to her?

	"Oh, that's enough of that," he panted, his breath coming faster now,
"I don't want to cum in your mouth...yet."

The hatred in her eyes was lethal as he slowly eased his spit-wet cock
out of her mouth.

	"You certainly know how to give head, Maurie," he said, scooting back
down her body.

She watched him as he scrambled back down the bed.  Hoping that he
would come to his senses before he did the unthinkable, she kept her
legs tightly squeezed together.

	"Please, Er, Skip, don't do this," she pleaded with him as he grabbed
hold of her legs.

	"Spread, em, bitch," he growled, pulling at her legs, "before I have
to hurt you."

Sensing the futility of resistance, she slowly relaxed and felt him
quickly push her legs apart.  She could see sweat glistening on his
forehead as he scrambled up between her outstretched legs.  She had
never felt so violated and vulnerable as he gawked down at her exposed
womanhood.

	"God, Maureen, it's beautiful." He groaned.  "It's so pink, and soft,
and wet."

How could it be wet?  There was something wrong.  She couldn't be wet.
Maybe, her body was just preparing itself for the inevitable.  In self
defense.  What ever, she didn't feel the least bit aroused by the boy
and his monstrous cock.  Well, maybe just a tiny bit, she admitted.
Still, she hated him.

Suddenly, he reached down and lifted her legs up off the bed.  Then
running his arms underneath her legs, he hoisted them up until her
thighs were pushed up against her breasts.  She was now totally
defenseless against his onslaught.  Then she felt the big hard head of
his cock probing, blindly searching for her vagina as he hunched into
her.  It bounced and probed the delicate flesh around her vagina, but
couldn't find the opening.

	"Put it in, Bitch," he growled breathlessly, "hurry up and put it in
you."

With a sob, she reached down to his bobbing, dancing evilness and took
hold of its disgusting shaft.  Moving the great oiled head of his
serpent down, she quickly found the wet readiness of her cunt.
Groaning in protest, she fitted the repulsive head of his prick into
her waiting socket. 

The instant he felt the heat of her pussy wrap itself around his
bulging cockhead, he lunged forward, driving his cock into her all the
way up to its thick, hairy hilt.

	"Oh, My, Fucking, God," she gasped as pain shot through her cunt.

She had never been penetrated so deeply.  The head of his huge cock
had to be inside her cervix.  But, before she had time to think, he
began to pound his cock into her at a furious rate.  In and out, in
and out, it invaded her delicate insides like a runaway freight train.
Abruptly, she began to feel the birth of an orgasm.  His huge cock was
so big, it was rubbing on her clitoris going in and coming out both.
As much as she hated him and what he was doing to her, she couldn't
stop the excitement and pleasure that he was creating in her cunt.

	"Oh, you fucking bastard," she growled, digging her fingernails into
his back.  "Fuck me harder, you little shit, fuck me."

It was like pouring gasoline on a fire, she thought as she felt his
hips shift into another gear.  The sparkles of delight emanating from
her clitoris had rapidly turned into a blow torch of pure raging
pleasure.  There was no way she could deny herself now.  She was going
to have an orgasm, the likes of which she had never before
experienced.

	"oh, fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, gonna cum, gonna cum, gonna cum,
gonna cum," she blathered slamming herself up against his hammering
hips.

Then it came.  Like the detonation of an atomic bomb, her vagina burst
into a raging inferno.  Pleasure, so pure and profound, poured out of
her cunt directly into her soul.  She was lifted to another plane
where life ceased to exist as she was immersed in pool of pure
ecstatic energy.  She swam in the pool, diving and drinking of its
soul cleansing nectar until at last, she was lifted by angels.  But
she fought them, clawing and scratching, not wanting to ever leave
such a wondrous place.  But they were stronger and she soon found
herself returning to her body which was still being battered and
barraged by her deranged son.

He was Superman.  His hips continued to fly back and forth like some
devilish fucking machine.  But even as she tried to bring herself to
hate him again, she felt the stirrings of another orgasm begin down
deep inside her abused cunt.

	"Hurry, fuck me hard, you bastard," she cursed at him, "make me cum
again."

Their bodies smashed together like fighting cats. Caterwauling screams
of passion and obscene, disgusting sounds of sex filled the air as he
fucked her like she had never been fucked before.  She was quickly
becoming addicted to his huge reaming cock.  She had to have it again
and again.

Time seemed to stand still as they fucked and fucked.  As he fucked
her, he clawed at her big, firm breasts, squeezing and crushing them
with his hands.  Soon an hour had passed unnoticed by them.

Like an avalanche rushing down a mountain, her climax was now
unstoppable.  Then when his hips missed a gear and he thrust himself
into her so deep she thought his cock was coming out of her mouth she
felt him burst inside her.

Then her insides were flooded with a fire so hot it felt he had stuck
a roman candle up her cunt and lit it.  Great gobs of fiery semen
spewed out of him and burst out onto the delicate lining of her cunt
as she felt herself being swept back into the pool of pleasure once
again.

Diving into the pool, she drank long and deep of its remarkable
nectar.  As she drank, she felt herself growing younger and younger
until at last she was just an egg floating on the surface of the pool.
Then suddenly, she felt herself being sucked back down to her own cunt
where she was attacked by the billions of sperms pouring from her
son's spewing, jerking cock.

She was almost overcome by the ecstasy she felt as her son emptied his
great load of rich, potent semen into the absorbing cunt.  Like a
great cannon, he fired volley after volley into her in a never-ending
cannonade.  Her cunt was saturated with the thick, sticky cum,
drenched with its gooey heat clinging to the walls of her vagina.

	"Oh, Fucking, God," Skip gasped and collapsed on top of her.

	"Get off me, you pervert," she growled, rolling him off her, pulling
out his shrinking cock in the process. "Ouch, that hurts."

He didn't answer her, he was fast asleep.

Now what should she do, she wondered tiredly?  But for some reason, it
didn't seem to matter right at the moment and she quickly fell asleep.


AN INCESTUAL FANTASY FROM THE CRYPT OF 
BARON daRKSIDE'S MOTHER
 (THE OTHER SON)
(PART Two)

 
"What's going on, Mother," he asked her, a look of shock still on his
face, "did I get sick or something?"
"Uh, uh, don't you remember?" she asked him, searching his face for
some clue of complicity in the act.
"Remember what?" 
"Don't you remember anything that happened this afternoon?"
"The last thing I remember," he said, stopping and thinking for a
moment, "is falling asleep in my bedroom."
"What time was that?" 
"Oh, I don't know exactly, around three o'clock.  Why, Mom?  What's
going on?" he asked her with a puzzled look on his face.
"Uh, Oh, I, uh, don't know," she stuttered and stammered, trying to
think what to do.
"How did I get into your bedroom without my clothes on?" 
"UH, I, uh, I don't know," she mumbled, "Uh, that's why I asked you.
I thought maybe you were walking in your sleep.  Were you?"
"I don't know if I do or not," he said, "you'd probably know better
than I do, wouldn't you?"
"Yeah, I guess so," she responded.
"I feel a little sick," she muttered, trying to sort out the muddled
mess in her mind "Why don't you go back to your room for a little
while, and I'll fix us some dinner when I feel better."
"Uh, okay, but, I'm, uh, you know, uh, I don't have any clothes on,"
he blushed.
"I'll close my eyes," she told him.
Closing her eyes, she felt the bed shake and wobble as he got up
"What th....." she heard her son sputter.
"What, what's wrong, Erin?" she asked, her eyes flying open.
Erin was standing by her bed staring down at the floor.  Wondering
what was wrong, she looked down and saw that he was looking at their
clothes lying on the floor.
"How did my clothes get in here?" he groaned.
"Uh, I, uh, I don't know," she stammered, not knowing what else to
say.
"This is crazy," he muttered, reaching down and picking up his
clothes.
He stopped for a moment, bending over with his clothes wadded up and
covering his dangling manhood.
"And here are yours," he said, standing up and handing her dress and
panties to her.
"Uh, Thank you," she mumbled, reaching for them.
As she reached for them, the blanket slipped down baring her big,
round breasts to him.
"Oh, My, God," he gasped, turning bright red and rushing out of the
room.
.   The nausea she was feeling lessened somewhat when he was gone.
Flustered, she flopped onto her back and tried to make some sense out
what had happened.  It appeared that Erin didn't recall anything.
That meant that he was either a very good actor or that he was
suffering from some type of split personality.  How was she supposed
to handle such a thing?  If he was indeed capable of splitting into
two personalities, could he control when he would split into the other
person?  How could she tell when it was going to happen?  How would
she know who she was dealing with?
Dazed and distressed, she didn't know if she should confront Erin with
her knowledge or wait and discuss the whole situation with their
doctor.  She hoped that she wouldn't have to discuss it with Dr.
Roberts because it would be very embarrassing for the whole family.
God, what a horrible mess, she thought.  Somehow, she must find out if
Erin knew anything about his condition.  Skip, she shuddered with
disgust as she thought about what he had done to her, knew about Erin,
so wouldn't it stand to reason that Erin would know about Skip?  Who
knew?  God, what a predicament, she said to herself, sitting up and
feeling her bare, drooping breasts wiggle heavily.  
Standing up, she walked over to the mirror and looked at herself.
God, she thought, as she saw that she was covered with drying semen
from her breast down to her pussy.  Damn, I hope that Erin didn't see
that, she thought to herself..  How could I explain to him that he had
just raped me?  How could I tell him that it was his semen?
Quickly showering, she toweled off and hurriedly pulled on pair of
panties.  She hadn't taken time to douche and she could feel her son's
thick, syrupy cum leaking out of her abused vagina.  Pulling out a
sanitary napkin, she stuffed it down inside her panties  hoping to
stop the flow of semen dribbling out of her. Picking out a brassiere,
she started to pull it on and found that her breasts were still sore
from the pummeling they had taken from Skip.  Tossing it back into the
drawer, she decided not to wear one.  What difference did it make
anyway, she thought tiredly, her son had already seen them.  Finally
she pulled a light, summery dress over her head, and haphazardly ran a
brush through her hair.
Padding down the hallway, she saw that Erin's door was open.  Taking a
deep breath, she stopped and peeked inside.  Erin was lying on his bed
with a towel draped across his stomach and upper thighs.  Seeing her,
he  looked at her with a troubled look on his face.
"Are you okay, Erin?" she asked him.
"Uh, I, uh, I, don't know, Mom," he mumbled.
"What's wrong?" she asked him, still afraid to confront him about the
rape.
"I, uh, I, feel strange," he stammered.
"What, uh, what do you mean?" She asked, feeling her guts tighten with
fear.
"I don't know," he told her, "I just feel like I blacked out or
something."
"When, just now?"
"Not now, I just feel kind of, uh, washed out.  Like I don't have any
energy."	
"Do I need to take you to the doctor?"
"No, but it's weird.  I just feel funny.  And I'm covered with some
kind of sticky stuff.  And I, uh, kinda hurt." he muttered, blushing a
bright red.
"Where do you hurt?"
"Uh, uh, down there," he blushed again pointing down to the lump under
the towel.
"Uh, you mean, uh, you mean, your penis?" she stammered.
"MOM," he reddened again.
"Oh, uh, uh, I see," she said as she found herself blushing too. "Why
don't you take a shower and maybe you'll feel better."
"Okay," he mumbled.
Turning on her heel, she rushed down the stairs and into the kitchen.
She leaned against the refrigerator panting as she thought about her
predicament.  It looked like he was unaware of his dual identity, but
he knew something was wrong.
Opening the refrigerator, she abruptly remembered her brassiere and
blouse.  Hurrying into the living room, she quickly picked them up and
wadded them into a ball.  Stopping at the laundry room, she tossed
them into the dirty clothes before returning to the kitchen.  That was
all she needed for him to find her blouse and brassiere lying by the
front door.
As she went about preparing dinner, she heard Erin's showering.  It
took her almost thirty minutes to finish dinner and after some
thought, she decided she would take a tray up to Erin's room.  
She could no longer hear the shower running as she slowly went up the
stairs carrying the tray of food.  The house was eerily quiet as she
softly stole down the hallway to his room.  Too quiet.  Stopping at
his door, she peeked inside.  This time she found him lying on his bed
with his eyes closed.  He was wearing a pair of baggy gym trunks and
appeared to be asleep. Tiptoeing over to his nightstand, she quietly
set the tray down and stood staring down at him.  How could anyone so
handsome and loving do what he had done?  She knew in her heart of
hearts that he must have a split personality, because he couldn't have
done those things to her.  He looked so young and innocent.
Ashamed, she found herself looking down at his groin.  She could
easily see the outline of his huge male organ under his shorts and
felt a tinge of fear tingle up her spine.
"Erin, Honey," she whispered softly, leaning down and gently shaking
his shoulder.
"Hi, Maureen, Baby," he answered her, eye eyes flying open.
She found herself staring into his eyes.  The same eyes that had been
filled with evil earlier.  Skip was back.
"Are you back for some more?" he cackled, grinning evilly.
"No, Don't," she cried out, trying to jump back away from him, but not
before he could wrap an arm around her legs and drag her onto the bed.
"I didn't think you would ever come back up here," he leered at her as
he shoved his hand up under her dress.
"GOD, Don't do this, Please," she pleaded with him trying to push his
hand away as she felt him grab her panties and jerk them down her
legs.  "Don't, pleassssssssssss."
"Oh, Come on, Maureen, you know that you loved it," he laughed
fiendishly, pulling her down onto the bed beside him.  "I know I sure
did."
Trying to fight him off, she saw that it was a losing battle as he
quickly stripped her panties down over her feet.  Pushing and
scratching at him, she was no match for him as he struggled up to his
hands and knees above her.  Watching in horror, she couldn't keep from
looking down as he insolently pulled his shorts down.  Fear filled her
heart once again as his giant cock sprang out, hard and throbbing
heavily with each beat of his evil heart.
"Skip, Please, I'm begging you not to do this," she begged, trying to
push him away.
"Why, Maureen, you even got my name right this time," he scoffed,
grabbing the hem of her dress and jerking it up.
Fighting to push her dress back down over her vulnerability, she heard
it rip as he savagely tore it in two.
"Oh, No, please........" she begged him.
Ignoring her appeal, he grabbed her arms and pinned them to the bed.
"Are you going to cooperate this time," he growled at her, "Or am I
going to rape you again."
"Oh, No, Skip, Please, don't do this to me," she sobbed, struggling to
free her arms.
"Okay, Bitch," he snarled, "I gave you a chance to cooperate."
He let go of one arm and grabbed his cock, shoving it down toward her
unprotected womanhood. 
"DON'T," she screamed, raking her fingernails across his face and
clawing at him.
Disregarding her slashing nails, he frantically forced the bulbous
head of his horrendous cock into the opening of her vagina.  She
couldn't stop him and then suddenly she felt his hugeness knife down
into her aching femininity.
"Oh, God, NO," she cried as she felt his evil potency fill her once
again.  
Then as she tried to defend herself, he grabbed her arm and slammed it
back down, pinning her to the bed again.  Brutally thrusting himself
into her, he didn't stop until his hard, muscled belly slapped down
onto her soft, smooth belly.  Just as before, she felt like he was
going to split her in two with his gigantic cock.  
"GOD, I HATE YOU!" she screamed at him as he began to slide his cock
in and out of her savagely.
"Oh, Come on Maureen, Baby," he panted, fucking her harder and harder,
"You might as well enjoy it because I going to fuck you till I drop."
"OH, YOU, YOU FUCKING BASTARD," she spat at him.
Holding her arms pinned to the bed, he rammed his enormous cock into
her brutally again and again.  Then, just as before, she felt a tiny
spark of sexual arousal.  Even though she hated him and what he was
doing to her, she couldn't stop her body from responding to the
stimulation of his giant penis scraping against her swollen clitoris.
As he continued to grunt and ram his monstrous prick into her, the
spark quickly grew into a raging fire of need this time.
"You God Damned Bastard," she growled at him, thrusting herself
against him, "I'll kill you for this."
Feeling her finally respond, he released her wrists. 
"I hate you, I hate you, I hate you," she panted, thrusting her pelvis
up against his groin every time he drove his cock into her hot,
burning cunt.
Capitulating totally this time, she thrust her legs up into the air
and drove her heels down onto his bounding ass, forcing him deeper
inside of her.  As she dug her heels into his ass, she ran her
fingernails down his back, clawing his muscular back until she drew
blood.
"Fuck me, you son-of-a-bitch, Fuck me," she snarled up at him, feeling
the fire inside her battered cunt blossom into a conflagration of
passion.
She felt herself coming closer and closer to the rush of pleasure she
needed so badly.  Each time her son drove his huge malevolence into
her, she slipped a little nearer to the precipice of ecstasy.  Nearer
and nearer and nearer.
Then suddenly, just as she was poised at the brink, her son stopped.
"What, don't stop now you bastard," she blathered, craving release
from the fires raging inside of her battered and bruised cunt.
She was incensed that he would bring her to the point of climax and
then stop.  Staring up into his face, she watched on in fear as his
face slowly contorted into the face of a monster.  Then his whole body
began to shake and quiver.
Her son's face was so twisted and deformed, she could barely recognize
him.  Abruptly, she realized that something horrible was happening to
him.  She was terrified as his whole body writhed and quivered above
her.  She didn't know what to do.  There was nothing she could do but
watch her son as he drooled and babbled inanely.  She couldn't believe
this was happening as she looked on.  It looked like he was having an
epileptic fit, as he shook and jerked uncontrollably.  Then, finally,
just as suddenly as it began, it stopped as he collapsed down onto
her.
Afraid to move, she didn't speak for several moments.
"Uh, Are you, uh, okay," she finally asked, not knowing what to
expect.
"What, where, what, where am I?" 
Slowly, her son lifted his head and looked into her eyes.
"Is it you, Erin," she asked him, seeing that the hardness had left
his face.
"Yes, but, Mother, what, what......." he said as a look of shock and
amazement spread over his face. 
Then, ever so slowly, he straightened his arms, lifting his upper body
up off hers.  Then, fearfully, he slowly let his eyes travel down body
all the way down to where their bodies became one.
"OH, MY GOD, MOTHER What?....." he sputtered as a look of shock and
horror came over his face.
"Oh, Erin, My, Baby, I'm so glad your back," she sobbed, wrapping her
arms around him and pulling him down to her, "I was so afraid."
"But, but, Mother, what, how, why?" he blubbered, overwhelmed by the
situation he found himself in.
"It's okay, Baby," she whispered, "I'm just so glad you're back."
"Mother, how did this?......" he started to say
Stunned by her son's transformation, she was so overjoyed, she pulled
his face down to hers and kissed him hard and long.
When she kissed him, she felt his cock twitch inside of her.  She had
been so happy that Erin had replaced Skip, she had forgotten that they
were still coupled together.  All of a sudden, the element of fear was
gone, replaced by a feeling of relief and happiness.  She had her son
back again.  Then without warning, the flame that Skip had built
inside of her flared up again.
"Mother, how, what, why am I, why are we........." he stammered,
unable to comprehend what was happening.
"It's okay, baby," she cooed, feeling her love for him envelop her
heart and soul.  "I will explain it to you later, but first I want you
to......."
"Oh, Mother, what can I do?" he asked her, trembling with dread and
apprehension. 
"Would you........" she started to say, but lost her courage.
"What, Mother, what?" he groaned.
How could she ask him to make love to her.  It would be so terribly
wrong.  She would be no better Skip.  But somehow, it was different.
She knew Skip had done it out of hate and a need to control her.  She
needed her son out of love and a need to repair the wrong that her
other son had done to her.  She needed for him to make love to her
gently, lovingly.  She needed him to drive away the disgusting filth
that her other son had heaped upon her.  But, it was so wrong.  Would
he ever understand why she needed him in such a wicked, perverse way.
Just then, she felt his giant penis twitch again.  Softly, she
squeezed his throbbing manhood with her strong, clenching cunt
muscles.
"Oh, God, Mother, I, Oh, God, forgive me," he babbled, slowly
withdrawing his huge maleness back down the sodden trench of her cunt.
"Oh, Baby, No, Don't, it's........." she started, thinking he was
backing out of her.
"Sorry, Mother," he slurred, thrusting his cock back inside of her
burning socket of love, "I can't stop."
"Oh, Baby, yes, baby, yes, do it, do it to mother," she cooed, feeling
his hardness knife deep into her waiting femininity.  "Make love to
Mommy."
Within seconds, he was sawing his enormous cock in and out of her.
His strokes were deep and strong, but not like the battering she had
taken earlier.  
"Oh, Mommy, Oh, Mommy, Oh, Mommy," he blathered as he fucked her.
"Oh, Yes, My Baby, Oh, Yes, My Baby, make love to Mommy," 
In and out, in and out went his great cock, sliding through the wet,
slippery channel of his mother's vagina again and again.  As he fucked
her, her hands caressed and stroked him lovingly.  Unable to get
enough of him, she lifted her legs up and wrapped them around his
waist allowing him to penetrate her even deeper.  Again and again, his
cock slid into her as his big, dangling balls slapped against her
upturned ass.
"Oh, My, Baby, I, Love, it, I, Love, You," she murmured, feeling a
cataclysmic orgasm building inside of her drooling cunt.
"Oh, Baby, Make, Mommy, cum," she whispered into his ear as he pounded
his cock into her.
She felt his thrusts grow in intensity and strength as she responded
to each hammering penetration.  Closer and closer, she came until at
last, she was poised on the brink of rocketing off into her own
heaven.
OHFUCKBABYICUMMMIIINNNNGGgggggggggg," she gasped as she felt her body
consumed by the unholy fires of an incestual orgasm.
Her whole body shook and quivered as wave after wave of pleasure
washed over her.  The sheer ecstasy of it all was so intense, she felt
on the verge of passing out.  She had never felt such pleasure.  It
invaded ever pore of her body, tickling and electrifying ever nerve
ending.  Gnashing her teeth and grinding her hips against her son's
groin, she never wanted it to end.
But gradually, the waves of pleasure became smaller and smaller.
Then, just as the last tingles of pleasure trickled through her body,
she felt her son's cock balloon out and jerk inside of her overflowing
cunt.
"OHFUCKMOMMYICANTSTOPCUMMMMMnnnnnnnnnnn," He groaned, thrusting
himself into her as deep as he could.
The first blast of white-hot cum spewed out his huge mancock with such
force, it triggered her second orgasm.  As her cunt locked down around
her son's giant, spewing monster, she was once again rocketed into her
own heaven.  Convulsing with pleasure, she could feel her son's
elephantine cock jerk and spurt over and over again.  She couldn't
believe how virile he was as his cock continued to buck and spit
inside of her.  Over and over again, his cock erupted inside of her
quickly filling her aching cunt to overflowing.  Still it jerked and
poured out its thick, potent load of hot semen into her until it
started dripping out of her cunt.  
Finally, after what seemed like hours, it suddenly stopped.
"Oh, God, Mother, I'm so sorry," Erin wept as he collapsed down on top
of her.
Should she tell him that she had wanted it as badly as he did or let
him think that it was all his fault.  Lying underneath him, with his
huge maleness still embedded deep inside of her, she wondered...
But somehow, she knew that she had dealt a death blow to Skip.  Why
would he come back when Erin could have all the pussy he wanted?
Smiling to herself, she knew old Skip would never come a calling
again...
	
The End...
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
