                   OUR NEW AU PAIR'S TRAINING


     It  had been five weeks since Anna had come to work for  us. 

Highly  recommended  by  the agency we were more  than  a  little 
disappointed with her performance.  She displayed a lethargic and 
apathetic  attitude towards her duties around the house and  seem 
to  live  for  her days off.   Betty and I had  talked  with  her 
several  times,  both together and by ourselves in an attempt  to 
improve her work.  All to no avail.  Finally, I called the agency 
and told them that Anna was just not working out and that we were 
going to have to let her go.   Mrs. Jacobson asked that I come in 
and talk with her first,  and I agreed, scheduling an appointment 
for that afternoon.

     At dinner I told Betty that I was going to take the next few 
days  off to stay around the house and supervise Anna very close
ly.   I explained that Mrs.  Jacobson had told me to give it  one 
more try and if it didn't work out that they would refund our fee 
in  full  and provide us with a new maid without  charge.   Betty 
said  she  thought  that was a good idea as  Anna  did  have  the 
qualifications  for the job and only lacked the enthusiasism.   I 
promised Betty that by the time she returned from Charlotte  that 
either Anna would be perfect or we would have a new maid.  

     I  returned  to the house about 8:45 the next  morning  from 
dropping  off Betty at the airport.   Anna was not in the kitchen 
and  the  breakfast dishes were still on  the  table.   I  looked 
through  the  house  and  found her in the  master  bedroom  bath 
soaking in a hot bubble bath.   I was stunned.   Not only was she 
not  working but she had invaded a private sanctum.   I ripped  a 
bath  towel from the rack,  threw it at her and told her to  come 
into  the bedroom immediately.   She scooted into the bedroom  in 
just a minute wrapped in the towel.

     "Anna",  I scolded,  controlling my displeasure,  "you  come 
with  the highest recommendations from the agency,  your previous 
employer was sorely upset that we had lured you away to work  for 
us.   And  I  don't  know  why."   Sitting down  in  my  chair  I 
continued,  "Mrs.  Jacobson told me that you had been trained  in 
the  old school ways and that perhaps I should treat you more  as 
servant  than employee.   I guess that is what I will have to do. 

As  of now you will address me as sir and only as  sir.   Do  you 
understand?"

     Anna dropped her head and replied, "Yes, Sir."

     "It  is  my understanding that servants trained in  the  old 
school were punished for their misbehavior",  I continued.  Being 
as stern as I could I went on.   "Anna,  you will go to your room 
immediately and await me.   You needn't bother dressing as I have 
a  new outfit for you to wear.   And while you are waiting for me 
to  come  to your room think about the punishment I am  going  to 
give your for not working and using our private bath."
     Without looking up Anna replied,  "Yes,  Sir".  And  quickly 
departed the bedroom.

     I  waited  a half hour before going to  Anna's  room.   Upon 
entering she stood up from the edge of the bed where she had been 
sitting.  She said, "Sir, I am sorry for not doing my duties this 
morning and for using your bath, but please, Sir don't punish me? 

I  promise  that  I will improve and work to  your  satisfaction. 

Sir, please don't punish me."

     "Anna,  you  should  have thought of that  many  weeks  ago. 

However,  I  will not force anything on you.   Merely,  pack your 
things  and be out of the house by noon." I replied.   "And  know 
this, I will give you a poor reference, recommending that you not 
be hired."  I was turning to leave the room when Anna spoke.

     "Sir,  you are right.   I can only perform my duties when  I 
work  for  an  old fashioned family.   The Denaux's were  such  a 
family,  that  is why I had such a good recommendation.   I  must 
have this job sir.   It is also necessary for me to be treated in 
the  old  fashioned way."  Dropping the towel to  the  floor  she 
continued,  "Sir,  you have some new clothes for me to put on,  I 
assume,  before  you punish me for my misbehavior."  I looked  at 
her  stunned  not only by her magnificent body,  but also at  the 
ease with which she capitulated.

     "Yes, I do.  Anna stand in the corner while lay them out," I 
commanded.   She turned and walked to the corner and stood  there 
silent,  her red hair hanging halfway down against that alabaster 
back.  After some lingering moments looking at Anna's round ass I 
took  out  the  clothes  which Mrs.  Jacobson  had  provided  me. 

Opening  up  the other case I removed a three  inch  spined  butt 
plug, a fifteen inch wooden ruler, a well used old school paddle, 
and  a  curved  birch switch.   Glancing at my watch  I  thought, 
enough time before lunch to probably use all of these. 

     I  went over and sat down in the chair against the wall  and 
said to Anna,  "go over to the bed now and I will instruct you on 
the clothing you will be wearing".   Anna turned and walked  over 
to the bed.   Glancing down as she got there she gasped.  "Anna", 
I commanded,  "You will start with the corset.  Of course it is a 
size  too small,  but put it on anyway.   The ribbons on the side 
are not for bows,  but to tie your arms with if necessary."   She 
picked up the grey corset and fingered it momentarily, pulling on 
the pink ribbons.  Anna struggled into it with obvious trouble at 
the small size.  "Come here Anna", I directed, "and turn around." 

She  walked  over  to me and turned.   I reached up  and  started 
pulling  the laces on the corset together.   When I had  finished 
Anna's 24 inch waist was now nineteen inches.

     I  turned her around and found that her breasts were  pushed 
up well above the cups of the corset.   Anna's somewhat small 34b 
breasts,  now  looked  large in the cups of a  32a  corset.   Her 
nipples were completely exposed,  and already sticking out.   And 
the contrast between the soft grey material and the pink of  them 
was  striking.   "Okay,  Anna,  now  go  put on  the  garter  and 
stockings".   Anna  truned and walked to the bed,  picking up the 
garter and fastening it around her waist.    She sat down on  the 
edge  of the bed and put on the stockings,  fastening each one to 
the garter.  When she finished I continued, "Anna pick up the tap 
pants and the butt plug and come back over here".   She picked up 
the sparklely pink pants and with some hesitation the butt  plug. 

Standing  before me I took the plug and told her to bend over and 
spread her ass cheeks.   Anna hesitated.  

     "Anna at any time you wish you may quit.  And be discharged, 
the decision is yours," I said.  Anna turned to the side and bent 
over.   Laying  the pants on the floor she reached back with  her 
hands and spread her ass apart.   I took the butt plug and gently 
placed it against her rosebud.   Anna wiggled a little and a long 
slow breath escaped her lips.  I pushed on the little plug and it 
started to go in.  When I had about an inch in I stopped pushing. 

Anna  seemed to relax a little when I stopped  pushing.   "That's 
right Anna,  just relax.   It won't be so severe that way."  With 
that  I gave the plug a twist and pushed it the rest of  the  way 
into  her ass.   Anna sucked in her breath hard.   Her ass cheeks 
automatically clenched together and the butt plug was in place.

     "Now put on those tap pants Anna," I directed.   Anna picked 
up  the pants and stepped into them and said,  "Yes,  Sir."   She 
pulled  them up and adjusted them so they were smooth across  her 
ass.    "Anna,  now  put  on  the  slip."   She  walked  somewhat 
difficultly  back to the bed and took up the pink and  grey  lace 
slip  and pulled it on over her head.   She pulled it down as far 
as it would go, reaching just past her "Y".  "Now, Anna, stand in 
the  middle of the room and let me see if everything is  ok,"   I 
told her.   She moved to the middle of the room and slowly truned 
all the way around.  "Well, now, you are more properly attired."

     "Anna,  although  you are more accustomed to working for  an 
old  fashioned  family,  I think it is only fair to start you  in 
slowly  with us.   It was suggested to me that I give  you  fifty 
spanks across the bare ass with the paddle,  to let you know that 
you are now working for another old fashioned family.   I believe 
it  is  more effective to start out slowly and train servants  to 
our  standards  instead of someone  elses.   So,  bring  me  that 
ruler."  "Now Anna", I barked.


     Anna  retrieved the ruler from the bed and handed it to  me. 

"Here Sir", she said casting her eyes down.  I took the ruler and 
slapped  it a couple of times against my own hand.   "Anna,  turn 
around  to  the  side  and bend over and  hold  your  ankles,"  I 
commanded.   Anna turned slowly and bent over grabbing just above 
the ankle of each leg.   Her position casued the slip to ride up, 
the  tap  pants to pull tight across her ass and  the  garter  to 
stretch  out.   Just  as  I thought there was a space  about  ten 
inches  long  on  both thighs just below her ass  and  above  the 
stockings that was completely bare.  
     "Anna  this first little session will be to punish  you  for 
being  less than honest with us when you first came to work here. 

As I said not to severe.   I believe that ten licks on each thigh 
is  a good beginning.   Now spread your legs a  little  farther." 

Anna  spread  her  legs  as I layed the ruler  against  her  bare 
thighs.   I didn't want to hit both at the same time.   "Are  you 
ready, Anna"? I asked.  "Yes, Sir." She replied.

     SSSSWISSSSHHHHH. CCCCCRRRRRAAAAACCCCKKKKKK! The ruler landed 
on  her  right thigh just below the ass.   Anna rolled up on  her 
toes.   CCCCCCCRRRRRRAAAAAACCCCCKKKKK! Landing just below the ass 
on  the  left  thigh.   Anna sucked in  her  breath  quickly.   I 
continued spanking her thighs alternately,  until the whole white 
uncovered area from top to bottom was turning bright pink.   When 
the last spank landed on the left thigh just above her  stockings 
Anna  said,  "Thank You Sir."  I stood back a step and looked  at 
her thighs.   Both were a very bright color of pink.   "Anna that 
seems to be a very good position, so just remain there." I said.

     I walked over to the bed and layed the ruler down.   Picking 
up  the birch switch I turned around and started walking back  to 
Anna.   Swishing the switch through the air as I went.  The sound 
made Anna's ass clench and unclench.   "Mrs.  Denaux told me that 
she  found the switch to be most effective on you Anna.   Is that 
true?" I asked.   Anna replied, "Yes, Sir.  Did she also tell you 
how she used it on me?"  "Oh,  yes Anna I am well aware of  where 
she  switched  you."  Walking around to the side of Anna I  said, 
"stand up."

     Anna stood up with her head somewhat bowed.   "Anna, you may 
choose which I switch,  either the inside of your thighs or  your 
breasts."  I said.   "Which is it?"  Anna turned to me and  said, 
"Oh,  Sir  my  thighs are on fire please not them again!"   "Very 
well  then Anna.   I do know that on occassion you have  to  have 
your arms tied when you have a breast punishment session.  Will I 
have to do that today?"  I asked.  Anna replied, "No Sir."

      I  stepped back a step and told her,  "Anna throw your hair 
back and turn your head to the side".   She tossed her head  back 
and her hair fell behind her shoulders,  then she turned her head 
away from where I was standing.   I rubbed the switch across  her 
exposed  breasts,  probing  between them with the end of  it.   I 
dragged it across the nipples and they grew almost double in size 
instantly.   Goosebumps  jumped  out on her  skin.   Her  nipples 
turned a deep pink, almost purple color.  

     The  switch  cut threw the air and landed  on  both  breasts 
right  at  the  top.   Anna  gasped and let out  a  long  sighing 
OOOOOOOOOOOOO!   Her chest heaved a little.   But Mrs. Denaux was 
right.   Anna  pushed her chest out awaiting the next cut of  the 
switch.   When  the switch landed the second time it  caught  the 
right  breast only,  leaving a welt from cleavage to the outside. 

The  third  follow closely and caught the left  breast.   A  welt 
arose crossing the first one.   Anna was breathing quickly.   And 
each  time the switch fell her breasts seemed to move up to  meet 
it.  Her arms remained at her sides.

     The  next  cut  I landed sidearmed and it  caught  her  left 
nipple squarely.   Anna sucked in a big breath and breathed out a 
long slow ooooooooooooouuuuucchh.    Her nipple grew even  bigger 
and turned a bright red.  The last sting of the switch hit flatly 
across  the front of her right breast.   Instantly a welt  raised 
crossing   her   nipple.    Again   she  let  out  a   long   low 
oooooooooouuuucchh.   As I stepped back Anna turned her head  and 
said, "Thank you, Sir, I deserve this for my misbehavior."  

     "Very  well,  Anna.   It  is lunch time,  so we will take  a 
break.  However, after lunch I shall pick up here.  Now go fix my 
lunch."  Anna bowed her head slightly and replied, "Yes, Sir."


Emptying my water glass,  I pushed myself away from the table.  I 
pulled the napkin from my lap,  wiped my mouth, and laid it down. 

Standing up,  I turned to where Anna was standing at the side  of 
the  room and said,  "We can continue here,  Anna.  You will then 
better  remember  that  your duties include  cleaning  the  table 
immediately after meals."

"Yes, Sir." Anna replied meekly.

As  I  reached down to my belt buckle to unfasten it  I  said  to 
Anna,  "Come over here and bend over this chair and hold onto the 
arm".  

Anna  moved slowly forward toward the chair as my belt slid  from 
its loops around my pants.    Her eyes watching me as she  moved. 

"Come  on don't dally,  or I'll go get the paddle."  Anna  leaned 
over  the  chair and grabbed the far arm  bracing  herself.   The 
position  caused  her round ass to jut out and up,  her  legs  to 
stretch  and  the  stockings to pull tight  against  the  garter. 

"Now,  Anna, I'm going to punish you for not doing your work this 
morning  as you are supposed to.   This will be just a sample  of 
what you will receive if you fail to do your work in the future."

Taking  the  buckle end of the belt I wrapped it twice around  my 
right hand.  That left nearly 25 inches hanging down, for Anna to 
see as she turned her head around to look at me.   I stepped back 
slightly  visually adjusting my distance so that the  belt  would 
land across both ass cheeks and thighs.  Anna had already started 
to  breath  faster  in anticipation of what  was  to  come.   The 
redness  from  this mornings session on her thighs was  gone.   I 
asked her, "Anna, are you ready"?

"Yes, Sir." 

"Anna,  you  will  count aloud each stroke and thank me  for  it. 

Then I will give you another.  Do you understand?"

"Yes Sir." Anna's voice trembled in anticipation.

SSSWWWIIIIISSSHHH!!!!!   The  belt wistled through the air  in  a 
long  arc.   CCCRRRAAAAAACCCCKKK!!!!!  The belt landed across the 
top of Anna's cheeks, making her jump slightly.  "One. Thank you, 
Sir," Anna responded to its arrival.   The belt wistled again and 
landed with a loud crack across her thighs between the top of her 
stockings and the bottom of her pants.

"Two. Thank you, Sir".

I  continued working the belt up and down Anna's ass  and  cheeks 
until  the whole of the exposed flesh of her thighs was a  bright 
red.   She  was rolling up and down on her feet with each stroke, 
moving  back  to catch the full force of each bite of  the  belt. 

She  was trembling,  and letting out a long heavy sigh each  time 
the belt landed.  I wasn't sure but I was beginning to think that 
Anna was getting close to a climax.   
"Twenty-five. Thank you, Sir". Anna yelped. 

"Stand  up Anna." I commanded.   Anna rose from the position over 
the chair.   Slowly.   She wiggled as the stockings rose up  over 
the red thighs,  pulled by the garter.  She turned toward me with 
her head bowed. 

"Sir, thank you for punishing me.  I deserve all that you gave me 
for  not  doing my work this morning.   I will do better  in  the 
future."   Anna was quite meek now in her speaking.   I could see 
the  faint  red  marks  across  her  breasts  from  the   earlier 
switching.  I also noticed that the front of her pants were quite 
wet.   If  she had not climaxed,  she surely had been  close.   I 
decided a small respite was in order.

"Anna,  now  you will do the dishes and finish up the rest of the 
work around the house.  Later this afternoon we will continue.  I 
believe  you  still need one more beginning session so  that  you 
understand that you are now working for new employers.   You will 
come to the library at 5:00 o'clock,  and bring the  paddle,  and 
large wooden kitchen spatula with you.   Do you understand?"

"Yes, Sir.  Thank you, Sir," Anna replied.

I  retired  to the library to read.   I could here  Anna  working 
around  the house during the afternoon as I sat in my easy  chair 
reading.   I  thought  to  myself that she sure had  changed  her 
attitude  from  these two sessions.   The final one  today  would 
insure  that Anna knew how we expected her to perform her  duties 
for us.   I also knew that Bette would have to give her a session 
as well to insure that she knew both of us were in charge.  Bette 
would like that.

As  the  clock  struck its fifth chime the door  to  the  library 
opened  and Anna walked in carrying the paddle and  large  wooden 
spatula.  Her head bowed she walked over to the chair where I was 
sitting and stopped beside it.  

"Well,  now Anna, that is more like what we expect.  This will be 
my  last  training session with you.   I am sure that Bette  will 
give you one training session when she gets home.   I don't think 
any  others will be necessary,  however,  if you fail to do  your 
work as expected,  I am sure that we will punish you.   Now,  are 
you ready?"

Meekly  Anna spoke,  "Yes Sir.   I fully understand that I am  to 
work up to my ability and I expect to be punished if I don't.   I 
guess  that this session will be rather severe?   And  I  deserve 
whatever you give me.  Please proceed with my training."

"Very well, then Anna."  I replied.
    
I  reached out and took the paddle and spatula from Anna's hands. 

Laying them on the light stand at the side of the chair I said to 
Anna,  "Come  around here to the front of the  chair.   Stand  in 
front of me with your legs spread apart 25 or 30 inches."

Anna moved around to the front of the chair standing about a foot 
and  a  half  away.   She spread her legs apart,  with  her  arms 
hanging down to the sides.  I looked at her breasts and could not 
see any marks from this morning's first session.  Anna's head was 
bowed,  her  hair hanging down around her breasts  and  arms.   I 
reached  over to the table and picked up the spatula.   As I  did 
Anna drew in a sharp breath.   "Anna will I need to restrain your 
arms for this session?" I asked.

"No, Sir." Anna spoke nearly in a whisper.

Adjusting myself in the chair for complete access to her thighs I 
gripped  the  spatula firmly.   This would require me to  deliver 
spanks  to her left thigh backhanded,  but I was sure  that  both 
thighs would be stinging when I was done.

The  spatula  was thin and had two long slots in it  which  would 
allow  the  air  to flow through very  easily.   Leaning  forward 
slightly  I  swung  the spatula in a short  quick  stroke  toward 
Anna's  left thigh.   It landed with a loud  SSPPLLAATTTT!!!!   I 
followed  it immediately with a swat to the  right  thigh.   Anna 
gasped and caught another breath with the second SSPPLLAATTTT!!!! 

Both  spanks left red marks on the inner thigh where the  spatula 
had  landed.   I continued to spank Anna's inner thighs from very 
near her panties to the top of her stockings.   Anna's  breathing 
was in very quick pants.  Alternating between thighs I worked the 
spatula  up and down both until they were a bright  red.   Anna's 
pants were again wet,  which confirmed to me that she was finding 
excitement  in  this.   When each thigh had received  thirty-five 
spanks I stopped.   Anna was breathing in quick short pants,  her 
arms held tightly at her sides.   She seemed not at all  relieved 
when I stopped.   Her breathing started to return to normal,  and 
the tightness in her arms lessened.   Leaning back in the chair I 
said,  "Anna,  I  beleive it necessary to give you a bare  bottom 
spanking to make sure you know your position here.  I want you to 
take off all your clothes and lay them on the chair there."

Anna spoke with a sob broken soft whisper, "Yes, Sir."

Anna  walked  over  to the chair and  started  to  undress.   She 
unhooked  her stockings and rolled them off;  removed the garted; 
with some difficulty she reached around and undid the corset  and 
removed it;  then gingerly pulled down the wet pants.  She neatly 
folded  each  item  and laid them in the  chair.   When  she  had 
finished  Anna  turned and walked back over to me.   I could  not 
help noticing how bouncy her breasts were,  nor the dew that  was 
covering  her  red bush.   She stopped to the side of the  chair, 
head bowed, and said, "I am ready for you to continue Sir."   
Scooting  forward  in  the chair I reached out and took  hold  of 
Anna's hand.   I moved here around to the front of the chair next 
to my knees.   "Anna,  place yourself across my knees,  with your 
feet on the floor," I commanded.  Immediately Anna draped herself 
across my lap.   Her ass was centered over my legs,  her feet  on 
the  floor,  and head hanging on the other side.   This  position 
caused her ass to present itself in a very good way for spanking. 

I reached over to the table and picked up the paddle.  Placing it 
on  her  ass I moved it around in a slow circle.   Anna gasped  a 
deep breath.  

I  picked  up  the paddle in preparation for the  first  of  many 
spanks to her ass.   Pausing momentarily I decided that it  would 
be  better to use my hand.   "Anna,  I believe a proper  spanking 
should be administered bare bottom, over the knee, with the hand. 

I  will  not use the paddle this time.   However,  you  can  rest 
assured  that the paddle will be used by Bette upon her  return." 

I  laid  the paddle back down on the table.   I reached  out  and 
starting  rubbing  the cheeks of Anna's ass with my  right  hand. 

They  were firm and somewhat cool to the touch.   Not for long  I 
thought.

CCRRAACCKK!!!!!  My  first spank caught Anna off guard.   She let 
out  a loud OUCH!   Instictively her hands reached back to  guard 
her  ass.   "Anna move your hands or I'll have to bind  them."  I 
ordered.  Anna's hands returned to her side.  I raised my hand to 
spank the other cheek.  As my hand started down Anna's ass raised 
to meet it.   CCRRAACCKK!!!!  This time Anna moaned very lightly. 
I  continued  to  spank her ass from top  to  bottom,  each  side 
alternately.  With each spank Anna raised her ass to meet it, and 
released  a low moaning sigh.   After I had delivered about fifty 
spanks  I stopped.   Anna continued to raise and lower her ass  a 
few times after I stopped.   I started to rub her ass cheeks with 
my hand and felt my pants against my leg.   It was wet.  Not just 
damp,  but really wet.   Her cheeks were a nice red color, and no 
longer cool to the touch.  

I  used  my hand to move her thighs apart.   I was  by  no  means 
finished  and  I  wanted to really give her a good  session  this 
time.  Her thighs were about five or six inches apart and I could 
see that her red bush was soaked.  I returned to rubbing her ass. 

"Anna,  I can see that you are excited by this  punishment.   You 
need not be embarrassed by it.  I am not nearly finished yet, and 
if  you  become so excited that you climax I will not  be  upset. 

Many people find that this is exciting to them."

In  a deep husky voice Anna replied,  "Thank you,  Sir.   I can't 
help it.   The fire you have put in my ass is burning all the way 
through me."

My arm and hand had regained the energy to continue.   I  reached 
down  between  Anna's cheeks and took hold of the butt  plug.   I 
twisted  it around in nearly a complete circle.   Anna drew in  a 
sharp deep breath and blurted out, "OOOOH, Sir!"   
My  arm  raised  and fell sharply.   My hand  delivered  a  sharp 
stinging spank to the center of Anna's ass.   Setting up a smooth 
even  rythmn I continued to spank her ass moving lower with  each 
swing  of my arm.   As I reached her thighs I continued spanking. 

First the right then the left one.   Alternating between them and 
spanking  the backs and insides as well.   Anna moved her ass  in 
time with the rythmn of my spanking.   Her breathing was becoming 
quicker and gasping with each spank.  Each time I landed a  spank 
to her inner thigh she would moan a little louder.  Her legs were 
convulsing  and  she  was starting to cry out with  a  series  of 
"Oh's".  

I  continued  to  spank Anna.   Moving up and down  her  ass  and 
thighs,  which  were  now  a  very  bright  red.   Each  spank  I 
delivered  now  was  returned with a  very  audible  "OOH".   The 
CCRRAACCKK!!!!  of my hand landing was echoing around the library 
and Anna was shuddering and moving in time with the spanks.  

Suddenly Anna started rasping out,  "OOH!  OOH! OOH!  Sir!  AAAH! 

OOOH!   Sir,  I am OOOOH!   going to AAAAAAAAAH!  cum."  I really 
started  to  lay on the spanks at that  point.  Concentrating  on 
Anna's inner thighs I delivered sharp quick spanks.  

CCCRRRAAACCCKKK!!!!!  "Anna  it is OK."  CCCRRRAAACCCKKK!!!!  "It 
will  not cause me to stop however."   CCCRRRAAACCCKKK!!!!   "You 
must learn to do your work."   CCCRRRAAACCCKKK!!!!  

Anna's  only  repsonse was a continued series of  "OOOH    AAHHHH 

OOOH   AAAHHHHH"  I continued to spank her thighs with sharp well 
aimed spanks.   I worked them up as high as I could and as far on 
the inside of her thighs as possible.   The room was filled  with 
the sounds of my hand spanking her and Anna's replying OOOH.

It  seemed that Anna was going to continue to climax for as  long 
as  I continued to spank her.   The globes of her ass were bright 
red and the thighs were turning to a deep redish purple.  Some of 
my spanks drew longer deeper utterances from Anna.   But each one 
got a response.  CCCCRRRRAAAACCCCKKKK!!!!  "OOOOH" 

I had delivered nearly seventy-five spanks since resting my  arm. 

Anna  had received a good session in training this afternoon  and 
would  remember it for some days.   I was sure that she would sit 
delicately  if  at all for a week.   As I began to slow  down  my 
spanks Anna seemed to slow down her rythmic response to them.   I 
had  delivered at least twenty-five spanks to her thighs and  ass 
since  she  started to climax.   It felt as though my pants  were 
wet from my knees to my wiast.   Anna was still maintaining  that 
rythmic involuntary movement.  

I  stopped spanking her and rested my hand on her ass.   Anna was 
starting to slow down her breathing.   Although she had reached a 
climax  it was abvious that her ass and thighs were going  to  be 
sore  for some days.   As sounds returned to normal I could  here 
her  sobbing and crying.   Excited yes,  but punished very  well. 

And Bette would be back at the end of the week.
