                           OUT OF THE SUN

Sitting on the sand I lazed against a rock having mixed feelings of pain and
pleasure as the rough surface pressed into my back. The sun toyed my near
naked body as I laid my head back, closed my eyes and listened to the waves
break against the sand. I could almost see them gliding up the beach and
slowly receding, only to be overpowered by another wave rushing to consume
the beach. Back and forth it went on rhythmically lulling me into
unconsciousness.

I woke not knowing how long I'd been asleep. Looking dreamily around I
noticed a man staring at me. When he caught my gaze he smiled. I looked down
shyly and was startled to discover how noticable was my full erection. I
quickly reached into my pack for my shorts and pulled them over my speedos
while cursing the thing for embarrassing me so.

At 23 I felt like I was the only virgin in the world. I wasn't even sure what
I wanted. I sort of suspected I was gay, but had never endeavored to find
out. At the moment I was happy to be able to steal half a day to lay in the
sun. My thoughts strayed.

Then he was next to me. I was surprised because I didn't see his approach.
I shielded my eyes with my hand and attempted to look into his face. The sun
was far to bright.

"Howdy." It almost sounded like a question.

"Hello," I replied.

"It's a scorcher," he stated.

"Yes," I said sardonically. It was like sitting next to a telephone and
having someone notify you of its ringing.

"Can I join you," he hesitantly asked.

"Why, am I coming apart," I thought, but said "sure you can," and moved to
offer him the bottom half of my towel.  He dropped his bag and sat where I
indicated.

We talked for quite a while.  I discovered he was a 30 year old public
servant who didn't like his job or the 'system' as he put it.  He was gay
and had relationships of varying lengths.  I still remember in detail the
things he'd told me. He has a dog named Bud and was currently, like myself
holidaying here at Palm Beach.

"Well Adam," I said "I'd better be getting out of the sun." I had an
uncomfortable feeling about him.  It was raw unmitigated lust.

His voice was as soothing as a back rub. He had a cute child like manner
and his eyes were vivid and alive. He had lovely smooth, tanned skin with
a hint of definition.  He'd told me he started working out in a gym six
months before, but you really couldn't tell.

He looked lost for words as he smoothed his ragerty straight black hair.
He placed his hand gingerly on my knee, looked questioningly into my eyes
and said, "can I give you my number?"

I blushed so badly that even though my skin was already pink from the sun
it was noticeable. It was then he realized.

"Your new to this aren't you?" He asked.

I just looked at him; I was burning with desire. He reached across and
squeezed my cock, wincing as he felt it's firmness. I groaned involuntarily.
He suggested we go to his Hotel. I agreed, so we picked up our things and
started the two block walk.

He led me into his room then went for a leak. I sat on the end of his bed
wondering what the hell I was doing there. I was getting cold feet and
beginning to think this a mistake. I was nervous and inventing excuses to
leave when he returned and sat next to me.

I looked at him seriously and said, "I've never done this before." Corny
I know.

"You can tell me to stop anytime you want," he reassured and with that placed
his hand once again on my swelling innocence.

We hugged and kissed passionately, haphazardly ridding each other of our
clothes. I felt as clumsy as a dyslexic octopus.

We laid together. I could feel his magnificent penis rubbing against my
stomach. His hardness sending tremors through me. He moved away, but I held
him close. He whispered into my ear, "it's alright," so I let him go. He
moved down and started licking my left nipple. He moved again running his
tongue down to my navel. My breath came in quick short gasps and I held it
as he took me into his mouth.

It was so perfect, so wonderful, then he gagged and mumbled something
offensive.

I hungered to feel him in my mouth and tried to push him until he
understood my intentions. He turned, but his lips never left me.

His cock stood gallantly a few centimeters from my face.  I molested it's
beauty with my eyes. It was thicker than mine, but not as long. I watched
the veins curling around it and then ran my tongue along them. I licked
around just under the head and was amazed to watch it grow larger. A small
bead of pre-cum was oozing from the eye like a single tear.

I moved closer again and put my mouth over it as far as I could without it
touching the sides. Then I closed. I felt him hum with delight as I applied
pressure with my tongue.

He increased his pace and I felt myself begin to cum. I tried to pull away
but he held onto me as I exploded into his mouth.

Time for me ceased to exist for those few moments.

He came up smiling and I smiled back.

He wispered his pleasure to me like a golden secret. I obeyed and began
licking his balls as he brought himself to climax. His semen looked brilliant
white in contrast to his skin. I watched it run down his side and moisten
the sheet.

We laid together in silence and after a while I heard him drift into sleep.
His breath deepened and rhythmically, like the ocean, lured me out of
consciousness.
