THE OVERNIGHT
copyright 1994 by Bruce Z.
Permission to reprint for non-commercial purposes is granted.
 


        As any day camp counselor will tell you, end-of-session
overnights suck.  After a long and tiring day spent exclusively trying to
keep children safely occupied (not an easy task given their energy and
short attention span), you and fifteen children are forced to lie exposed
to elements and blood-thirsty mosquitoes for what seems to be an
eternity.  Of course, sleep is generally out of the question.  Even if it
weren't for the constant Stukka dive-bomber sounds of mosquitoes
buzzing your ears, the children have other plans.  There must be some
biological mechanism that kicks into effect whenever you gather kids
into a group: some sort of anti-sleep drug gets naturally secreted by their
bodies.  There's giggling, whispering, and fart noises until around 4:00
AM.  Then, at 4:30, the requests for the bathroom begin.
        I was the program director at a day camp in the Berkshires.  I
was also given the responsibility of being the counselor for the oldest
group of campers.  On the last night of each session, each group sleeps
out in their own campsite area.  For this session my group was made up
of fifteen eleven-year-olds: eleven boys and four girls.  So, as you can
imagine, I was pleasantly surprised on this night, my second overnight
experience of the season, when I realized that it was only midnight and I
was drifting off to sleep.
        It must have been the way the group arranged themselves.  First
of all, only six boys and two girls from my group decided to stay for the
overnight.  All six of those boys decided to make  a "fort" in the woods
next to the campsite; my sixteen-year-old junior counselor volunteered to
join them (he's not much beyond being a kid himself!).  As a thirty-
year-old grad student, I naturally go for the relative comfort of the
"Adirondack" shelter positioned at the edge of the campsite.  I spend
enough time in the woods during the day; at night I need comfort (not
that that is usually remotely possible on one of these things).  The two
girls also put their sleeping bags in the shelter.  It's kind of an unofficial
rule at the camp: girls like to sleep in the shelter with the counselors
(they're worried about bugs and animals), and boys choose to "rough it"
in their own structures under the stars.
        It was just after midnight, ...and quiet!  I couldn't believe my
luck.  There was an occasional giggle and whisper out of the girls, but
nothing I couldn't sleep through.  Not a sound from the boys; I'm sure
they were awake, but their fort had been placed far enough away so as
not to bother me (I wished my junior counselor good luck!).  Perhaps
equally surprising, the bugs were also quiet on this night.  I hadn't heard
any buzzing for nearly an hour.  It was a warm night, but without
humidity.  A slight breeze occasionally found its way around the edges
of the tarp tacked up across the shelter's entrance.  I stretched out on top
of my sleeping bag, enjoying the fuzzy feeling of sleep about to overtake
consciousness.  Soon, I felt as if I were comfortably back home in my
own bed, a slight breeze coming in through the window next to the bed,
my girlfriend softly breathing next to me, the slight tickle of her hair
against my nose as she softly kissed my cheekbone.  I smiled and
purred.  I felt her kiss again at my cheek.
        It suddenly occurred to me that I wasn't dreaming.  One of my
eleven-year-old campers had kissed me!  I kept my eyes closed as my
thoughts raced, trying to decide how I was going to deal with this.
Some of the girls had gotten crushes on me before (a common
occurrence at any co-ed camp), and I'd had plenty of friendly hugs from
children, but in ten years' experience working at camps this had never
happened to me before.  I felt another soft kiss, closer to the corner of
my mouth.  How was I going to make her realize that she had to stop,
that this was wrong, without hurting her feelings?  I also wrestled with
another thought: her tiny kisses on my face felt good.  I felt a small,
quick kiss on my lips.  No, what was I doing here?!  I opened my eyes
but couldn't see much in the soft blue glow of moonlight filtered through
a plastic tarp: just the shadowy silhouette of one of the girls in front of
me.  I rolled over and switched on a small electric lantern next to my
sleeping bag.  Across the room, Dulcie was curled up asleep on her
sleeping bag.  Turning around quickly I saw my other camper lying on
her pillow a few feet from mine, looking at me, blinking her eyes.  She
quickly closed her eyes, pretending to sleep.
        It was Rachel.  I had thought so.  She was much more outgoing
than Dulcie.  I watched her for a few moments in the soft glow of the
lantern as I figured out what to say.  She was curled up on top of her
sleeping bag, and wearing a pink cotton nightshirt.  Rachel is a pretty
kid.  She's tall for her age, about five foot four, has a lean, athletic
build, and relatively long legs.  She's the self-proclaimed fastest runner
in her school; at camp she had challenged everyone else to a race, and
proven she was the best runner of all the girls.  Her body seems to have
just started to develop: smallish mounds on her chest with small nipples
become visible when she puts on her bathing suit.  What impressed me
most about her was her face.  She had long, healthy, shiny blonde hair
that fell straight down to about six inches below her shoulders.  Usually,
she kept it in a ponytail and away from her face (as I said, she was
athletic, always on the move).  She had a nicely proportioned, slightly
long face, high cheek bones, rosy cheeks and lips, a straight, thin, nose,
and very beautiful brown eyes.  When she talked to me during the camp
session, I often found myself transfixed by those eyes.  I enjoyed
looking at her; she was aesthetically pleasing, but I never thought any
further of it.  She was just a kid; I was almost three times her age, old
enough (gasp!) to be her father; and she was my camper.
        Rachel opened her eyes, saw me looking at her, and closed them
again just as quickly.
        "Whatcha doing?" I whispered.  She pretended to sleep again.
"Hey, Rachel, I saw your eyes open.  It's okay, I can't sleep either."
        Her beautiful brown eyes fluttered open.  "Hi," she said.
        "Sshhh.  Hi."  I didn't want to wake Dulcie.  "...um, I felt you
kissing me."
        She looked away, embarrassed, and mumbled something.
        "Hey, don't worry," I said to comfort her.  "It's okay."
        "I'm sorry."
        "You're embarrassed."
        "Mmm hmm."
        "Well, don't be.  Okay?"
        "Okay."  She smiled, laid her head on her arms, and closed her
eyes.
        That was weird, I thought as I watched her snuggle into herself,
drifting towards sleep.  I switched off the lantern, laid back down, and
closed my eyes.  She must have thought I was asleep, ...and she was
deliberately trying to sneak kisses!  I'm a grown man.  Why would she
kiss me?  I must look so old to her.  But then, she looks so young to me,
and that didn't stop it from feeling good.  I wonder if she liked it.  Is she
really attracted to me?  I found myself feeling aroused at the thought of
young Rachel stealing kisses from me in the night.  I felt slightly dizzy.
My penis stirred under my shorts.  This was too weird: I had never
experienced these kinds of feelings before.  I didn't know if I wanted her
to fall asleep or to try it again.  If she did try it again, how long would I
dare let her do it?  What would happen next?  No, forget it.  She was
pretty embarrassed.  She must have nearly died when I woke up.  She'll
try to go to sleep now, worrying about what I'm thinking.  That's the
way it should be.  I'll have to deal with this tomorrow, to talk it out with
Rachel.  But for now, some more sleep, if such a thing is possible given
the racing of my thoughts.
        I felt another peck on my cheek.  After a few heartbeats, there
was another.  And another.  She was kissing my cheek.  I didn't move.
God help me, I thought, I'm enjoying this, I'm letting Rachel do this.  A
kiss on my brow.  Then my chin.  Her breathing must have increased (is
she nervous?  Aroused?  Both?), for I felt her warm breath on my skin
each time just before her lips made contact.  Her breath then lips
brushed the corner of my mouth.  When I next felt her lips on mine, I
realized I had puckered slightly to return the kiss.  I suddenly panicked:
what was I doing?!  I opened my eyes, but could only see her outline in
the dim light.
        "What's going on?" I asked quietly, trying to sound calm.
        "You said it was okay."  She pulled her face back a bit.
        "Well, yeah...but, we're not supposed to.  I'm your counselor,
and it's against camp rules."  And, for effect, I added, "I could get
fired."
        "I'm sorry."  She sounded hurt.
        I didn't want her to be hurt.  She was such a sweet kid.  I
reached out to touch her shoulder.  "Hey, don't feel bad.  It's just the
rules.  I mean, what do you want to kiss an old guy like me for
anyways?  That is, I didn't mind you kissing me, personally....  I mean,
I like being your friend.  It felt nice...   That is, well..."  I wasn't sure
what to say.
        Her voice brightened.  "You liked it?"
        "Shhh.  Quiet.  Um..., yeah, it felt nice."  God, that sounded
intelligent.  "I  mean, what were you doing it for?"
        "Well," she whispered, "I like you, and...I wanted to know what
it felt like."
        "You haven't kissed a boy before?"
        "Well, yeah, I've kissed boys a little.  Wasn't anything.  Just like
kissing your mom or dad.  ...But I haven't, well, really made out
before.  Like in the movies.  With a man."
        Hormones were surging through my veins.  I was quite aroused
by this intimate talk with my camper.  I felt myself quickly slipping
away from my professional role as her counselor.  I gave her shoulder a
gentle affectionate squeeze.  My eyes were becoming adjusted to the low
light; I could see a faint smile on her lips.  "I understand.  It's, well,
nice to make out with someone you're attracted too, Rachel, but I'm not
sure we should because...  What I'm trying to say is I like you and all.
You're a great kid.  Very pretty.  If I wasn't your counselor, I'd be
attracted to you.  I think you're cute, but I don't want to get in trouble.
Or mess you up."
        "Mess me up?"  She looked confused.
        "Well, I'm not sure it's right for someone my age to make out
with you.  Don't you think you should experience it with someone your
own age?  Isn't it kind of scary being with a man?"
        "No," she whispered, looking shy.  "I like you, Bruce.  You're
nice."
        "And I like you, too, Rachel.  A lot."  I squeezed her shoulder
affectionately.  "But most people would say an eleven year-old isn't
ready to be with a man, even if you think you want to do this, you don't
really, you'll realize when you're older, and I don't want to confuse
you."  I realized that what I was saying must have confused her more
than a few innocent kisses in the dark ever would.
        "But, I know I want to kiss you.  It's fun." She said.  "I mean,
it's just kisses."
        "Shhh.  I know."  I didn't know what to think anymore.  "I guess
it's confusing me.  ...I do like you, Rachel."  I looked at her pretty face
in front of mine.  "How about if we just hug?"
        She smiled, and shook her head "yes," and cuddled up to me.
        As I closed my eyes, I felt her lips on my cheek again.  I opened
my eyes, saw her shining eyes looking questioningly inches from mine,
and I gave up all attempts at restraint.  She had me in a spell.  "Okay,
Rachel," I whispered.  "I'll show you what it's like to kiss a man, but
you have to promise not to tell."
        "Okay."
        God, was I really going to do this?  My heart was beating so fast.
"Now, when you go to kiss someone, it's best to start off slow, with
small kisses, ...just like you've been doing."
        She leaned in to me, towards my lips.  Our noses bumped, but
her lips found mine.  I returned the kiss.  It felt heavenly, as first kisses
always do.  Nervous, sweet, tender.  My head was swimming with
passion, but I fought valiantly to keep my body in restraint.
        "You don't mind?" she asked me as our lips parted.
        "No.  That felt terrific."  I was hooked!  "Let's try tipping our
heads slightly to the side so that our noses don't bump this time."
        She giggled a bit at that, then did as instructed.  This time our
kiss connected much better, lingered slightly longer.  My penis stirred,
and I backed my pelvis away from her.  As our faces came apart, I took
her hand in mine.  "Feel this," I said.  I put her hand over my chest.
        "It's beating fast."
        "That's because your kisses are very good."  I put my hand on
the middle of her chest (carefully avoiding her budding breasts).  "Yours
is beating fast, too."  I looked at her sweet eyes looking into mine.  "I
like kissing you, Rachel."
        She leaned back towards me, tipping her head perfectly.  Our
kisses were soft, sweet, slightly lingering, but not sloppy.  Tentative,
very arousing short kisses, the kind first-time lovers enjoy as they slowly
adjust to each other's presence.  Rachel felt, well, absolutely amazing.  I
was totally entranced by her, nothing else mattered: the moment was
timeless.  I forgot that I was in a shelter in the woods, at a day camp, a
make-shift fort full of boys somewhere out there.  All that existed was
Rachel's lovely face, her lips caressing mine.  I forgot that she was only
eleven years old.  Well, almost.
        The spell was suddenly broken as I heard a rustling sound from
the other side of the shelter.  Dulcie!  I'd been so intent on enjoying
Rachel's lips, that I had forgotten that we were sharing this small space
with another of my campers!  I stopped kissing Rachel, and put one
finger to my lips, and another to Rachel's lips.  "Sshhh.  I think Dulcie's
awake," I whispered.
        Rachel giggled.  "I know she is."
        "We have to stop," I whispered, worried about our illicit "make
out" session being discovered.
        Rachel kissed the finger I held to her lips.
        "Stop it, " I pleaded in a hoarse whisper.
        "She already knows."
        My heart skipped a beat or two.  "She does?"
        "Yes."  Rachel giggled.  "We've been talking about doing this."
        "You have?"  My eyes must have been very wide.
        "Well, yeah.  We've talked about what it must be like, to, you
know, kiss a man.  We've wondered, and even practiced."
        "You've practiced?" I asked.  "How?"
        I couldn't be sure in the dim light, but I think Rachel blushed.
"Yeah.  Dulcie and me.  We're not queer or anything," she added
quickly.  "Girls sometimes practice, that's all."
        "So she's been listening all this time?"
        "I'm sorry," came Dulcie's timid voice from the other side of the
shelter.  I switched the lantern on, and saw Dulcie sitting up on her bag,
blinking and wiping her eyes in the soft light.  She smiled shyly at me.
        Now, Dulcie is very different from Rachel, but also a very pretty
girl.  Actually, her features are more exotically beautiful; she'll be a
knockout when she reaches womanhood.  She is quiet and shy where
Rachel is more extroverted.  She is of a more average height for her age,
about five feet tall.  Her build is, like Rachel's, slim in an active way,
but less angular, more softly curved.  At the swimming pool, I had
noticed her breasts are small, but slightly more developed than Rachel's
(God, had I really "noticed" their bodies before this night?).  Dulcie has
a darker, very smooth complexion; her skin has a healthy, unblemished
shine to it, almost southern-European looking.  Her brown, slightly
longer than shoulder-length hair frames a round face; high cheekbones;
wonderful green eyes with long, dark lashes; a small, slightly upturned
nose; and full lips.  What I had found most endearing so far in my
interactions with Dulcie was her smile: it starts out as a shy upturning of
the corners of her mouth, then blossoms into a full smile, showing off
straight, white teeth and some very cute dimples on each fleshy cheek.
Although she was quiet, once she got talking, she had a pleasantly
smooth voice and happy temperament.  She was quick to laugh.
        "It's okay, don't worry," said Rachel to both Dulcie and me.
        I rolled onto my back away from Rachel, and propped myself up
on my elbows to look across the shelter at Dulcie who was also wearing
a cotton nightshirt, meekly curled up on top of her sleeping bag.  I
became aware of my erect penis, and put my legs together to hide the
tent on the front of my shorts.  "Hi, Dulcie," I said, being at a total loss
for words.
        "Hi, Bruce."  She flashed me her wonderful, shy, dimpled smile.
Rachel crawled over to sit next to Dulcie.  They looked at me.  I looked
at them.
        "So, now what?"  I asked.
        "What?"  replied Rachel.
        "Well, I'm not sure what to say.  This is kind of uncomfortable
for me.  I mean, you, Dulcie, saw me and Rachel, and I shouldn't have
done that, please don't tell anyone, and....why did you do this to me?"
I felt helpless, trapped.
        Dulcie and Rachel looked at each other, looked at me, then
looked at each other again.  "I already told you," said Rachel, "we
wanted to see what it felt like to kiss a man."
        "We?" I asked, my heart suddenly pounding with a very exciting
thought that I was afraid to put into words.
        "Me and Dulcie."  Rachel and Dulcie looked at each other again
and giggled.
        "You want to feel what it's like, too, Dulcie?"  God, I hope that
didn't sound too eager.  "It's okay.  I mean, only if you want to."  It
came to me that I was even more attracted to Dulcie.  I felt drunk.
        Dulcie shrugged, and looked at Rachel.  "It's okay," Rachel said.
"She's being bashful."
        I crawled over to the two of them.  "Rachel," I said, "Let's kiss
again to show Dulcie that it's okay."  She didn't say anything, just
leaned over to me, and gave me a wonderful, lingering kiss, the kind we
had been "practicing" a few moments before.
        "See," she said to Dulcie.  "It's fun.  You do it."
        I turned to look at Dulcie, and felt I would melt right there.  She
had that shy smile on her face, her eyes outlined by her dark lashes, her
face slightly shining in the moonlight.  I started to lean towards her, she
leaned back a bit, I hesitated.  "It's okay," I whispered, then looking
directly into her green eyes, my lips touched hers.  A brief kiss, then it
was over.
        "See?  It's nice," said Rachel.
        "Hmm mmm."  Dulcie looked at her, then looked at me.  She
smiled.  She leaned over to me, slightly turning her head as I had earlier
instructed Rachel, then kissed me quite fully, our lips lingering more this
time.
        When our lips finally parted, I said, "That was great, Dulcie.  I
like kissing you, too."
        "I like kissing you," Dulcie whispered.  We kissed some more.
Somehow, Dulcie was a bit more passionate than Rachel had been; her
kisses lasted slightly longer.  My hand found the back of her head, and
began to pull her gently in towards me, my fingers running through her
shiny hair.  My penis stood quite erect in my pants as I felt Dulcie place
a hand tentatively on my shoulder.
        "Hey, what about me?" Rachel asked next to me, breaking the
spell.
        I broke away from Dulcie.  "I'm sorry.  I hadn't forgotten you,
Rachel."  I smiled at Dulcie.  "It's just my friend Dulcie here had to
catch up."  I leaned over to kiss Rachel, one hand still running through
the hair on the back of Dulcie's head.  As my lips touched Rachel's, my
other hand came up to caress the back of her neck.  Rachel's kisses were
harder than Dulcie's, more energetic, exciting me in a different way.  I
let go of Dulcie, and circled my other arm around Rachel, hearing her
sigh as I hugged her to me, our lips slipping and sliding, our kisses
becoming more energized.  I broke away from her.  I turned to give
Dulcie one more kiss, then sat back with a sigh, my hand on my
pounding chest.
        "You're both wonderful kissers!  Feel my heart."  I was getting
extremely excited.  I needed to cool down, to pace myself.  I wanted this
to last.  "It's pounding really fast."
        Each girl put a hand on my chest to feel my heartbeat.  "Mine's
pounding, too," said Dulcie.  "And mine," added Rachel.
        I reached out to touch each of their hearts (once again, being
careful of where I touched, not wanting to frighten them), and they
touched each other's hearts with their free hands.  We sat there, smiling
at each other, all linked into a triangle of hands to pounding, adrenaline-
rushing hearts.  Linked together like that, I took advantage of being able
to kiss each girl with a small turn of my head.  I hummed with
contentment as I hugged and kissed them, finally enjoying a three-way
embrace, their cheeks resting on each of mine.
        "What should we do next?" asked Rachel.
        "Well, have you practiced french kissing yet?"
        "That's when you touch each other's tongue?"
        "Yes, that's right," I said.
        "Um,...yes, a bit."
        "Why don't you and Dulcie show me how you practiced, then
you can try it with me."  I was surprised to find myself quite turned on
by the idea of these two young girls secretly practicing french kisses in
order to kiss me later.
        Rachel shook her head up and down.  "Dulcie?"
        "Okay," she said with a slight tone of embarrassment.  I sat back
from the girls, watching as they each put a hand on the other's shoulder
then leaned their faces in towards each other.  Just before their lips met,
they each stuck the tips of their tongues out, wiggling them back and
forth as they made contact.  They started to giggle, like two little girls
sharing a secret (which is, of course, what they were), and drew away
from each other.
        "How was that?" asked Rachel.
        "Pretty good.  But you should also kiss with your lips, pressing
them together as you play with each other's tongue.  Let me show you."
I beckoned to Rachel with my finger, and she slid over to sit beside me
and facing me.  I put my hands on each side of her face, softly stroking
her cheek as she smiled and looked innocently at me; I brushed her long
blonde hair behind her ears, then leaned over to her.
        Just before our lips met, Rachel turned to look at Dulcie.  "Make
sure you see this."
        Dulcie positioned herself to our side as I drew Rachel's face to
mine.  We hesitated and smiled as the tips of our tongues poked out
towards one another, finally touching.  I tasted the sweet, salty saliva of
her tongue as our lips closed together.  I circled her tongue with mine,
savoring her taste, enjoying the feeling as she matched my movements.
Our lips slid as our tongues probed.  I explored the inside of young
Rachel's beautiful mouth, as I wrapped my arms around the back of her
neck, drawing her closer to me.
        "Rachel, honey, you're great."  I kissed the corners of her
lovely, brown eyes.  "You can also put your arms around me, and caress
my back the way I'm doing it to you."  She smiled and nodded her head
in agreement as she slid her arms around me, and brought her sweet face
back to mine.  Her tongue darted in and out of my mouth, her body held
close to mine, her hair spilling across both of our faces.  We both made
soft moans of contentment as our bodies rocked back and forth with the
kisses.  I became aware of Dulcie out of the corner of my eye.  She was
smiling, patiently watching Rachel and I practice "making out."
        I broke off the kiss.  As our lips parted, I could tell that Rachel
was breathing as heavily as I was.  I was so incredibly aroused, that I
had entered a kind of overdrive.  I was high on hormones, my body
numb, my very rigid penis like another entity.  I didn't know where this
was leading, but I knew what my body wanted to do despite the fact that
these kids were only eleven years old (I kept reminding myself of that,
but it wasn't making any difference.  If anything, it increased my state
of arousal at this point).  The inside of my underpants were soaked by
the precum oozing from my cock.  My voice was oozing affection as I
said, "Rachel, that was the best kiss I've had in a very long time!"  She
looked pleasantly embarrassed.  "I think it's Dulcie's turn now."  I
looked over at Dulcie who now had a look of studious concentration on
her face, as if she was trying to remember her lesson.  God, you look
cute, I thought, and told her so.  She rolled her eyes at me, smiling.
        "Ready?" I asked.
        "I think so."
        "Okay.  Rachel, hon, you need to get out of the way so Dulcie
can practice."  Rachel smiled at me, and moved out of the way.  Dulcie
scooted up to sit Indian style facing me.  I started to lean towards her,
but she was a bit too far away, so I put a leg on either side of her (after
discreetly - I hope - adjusting my penis that had gotten all caught up in
my shorts.  I didn't want it poking straight out at Dulcie; not yet,
anyway.).  Dulcie put her legs on either side of me.  I put my hands on
her shoulders, giving them a gentle squeeze as I looked into her
beautiful, glistening green eyes.
        "Relax, Dulcie.  You'll do fine," I whispered to her as I leaned
to her.  Once again, a momentary hesitation, she stuck her tongue out,
began to smile, pulled her tongue back in, made a "serious" face as she
put her tongue back out, and then it was heaven as our lips and tongues
finally met.  As I delicately slid my tongue up and down hers, she did
the same.  As with our earlier kisses, Dulcie was more gentle,
passionate, slower.  She felt much more sensuous.  I became totally lost
in her kiss.  I could smell her slight powdery scent as I tasted and
explored the inside of her salty-sweet mouth, her soft, full lips
massaging mine.  My body melted into hers.  I wrapped my arms around
her, pulled her to me, felt the length of her young body against mine as I
hugged and rubbed her back.
        "Oh, Dulcie, you're so good," I moaned, briefly getting a breath
of air, then tasting her lips once again.  My penis was throbbing as if it
would explode at any moment.  As our kiss lingered, I began to gently
rock against Dulcie, my cock pushed up against the inside of my
waistband, against her soft belly.  I lowered my arms to circle her waist,
drawing her hips closer to mine, increasing the stimulation as our lower
bodies rubbed.  She swayed with me, our heads gently rocking with the
passion of our deep kiss.  I could feel the soft points of her breasts
against my chest.  Each time our bodies swayed, my penis rubbed gently
against her, I felt the passion swelling from my scrotum, radiating
outward, the dam nearly burst.  Beside us, Rachel said something about
"her turn."  Without fully breaking my embrace with Dulcie, I reached
out with one arm to Rachel, pulled her towards us, and began to kiss
her.  Dulcie rested her head on my shoulder as I explored the inside of
Rachel's mouth a second time.  After a few moments, I went back to
Dulcie's full lips, then back to Rachel, back and forth, all the while
gently rocking and thrusting my pelvis against Dulcie's beautiful soft
body, my mouth alive and wet with both girls' saliva.  God, I've got the
greatest girls in the world here, I thought incoherently and then suddenly
the dam broke.  I gasped, pulling both Dulcie and Rachel close to me.  I
was cumming very heavily inside my shorts as I kissed both of their
faces.
        "Oh, Dulcie.  Rachel.  You're both so special.  I like you both so
much.  You're wonderful...beautiful...sexy..."  and on and on as my
juices squirted and a stain began to spread on the seat of my pants, next
to Dulcie's belly.
        I shuddered, spent, then sighed, feeling my face flush as I looked
at each girl looking curiously at me.  I felt embarrassed; as the euphoria
of climax disappeared.  I suddenly felt guilty, doubtful, ashamed even.
I sat back, covering the large wet spot on my lap with my hand.
        "What happened?" asked Rachel.
        I felt my face continue to blush.  "I, ah, came."
        "I'm wet," said Dulcie, rubbing her waist.
        "Wow," said Rachel, interested.  "Was it good?"
        "Yes, Rachel, it was very good."  I wasn't sure this had been a
good idea.  Looking at them now, I realized again how young they were.
Kids.  "And I'm sorry I got you wet, Dulcie.  I couldn't help it."
        "Like, what's it like?  Coming?" Dulcie had her studious face
again.
        "Well, it's hard to explain.  When a man is passionate with a
woman - and you were both very sexy to me" (they both smiled
bashfully, looking down), " - my penis gets hard, and well, it feels
really good down there, almost as if my penis wants to reach out and
kiss you, and then it feels intensely good, and then the sperm comes
out...like this."  I indicated the wet spot on my lap.
        "It smells..kind of funny," said Dulcie.  She and Rachel
exchanged looks that said "Oh, my God!"
        "Yeah, I guess so," I replied.  "How about you two.  That was
some great kissing, did it make you feel good...down there?"  I pointed
to their crotches.
        "Yeah," said Rachel with a sparkle(?) in her eyes.  Dulcie
nodded her head in agreement.  As I caught my breath, the three of us
just looked at each other, all lost in the swirls of our own thoughts.  As I
watched them watching me, I found myself once again appreciating their
young, unblemished beauty, their excitement, their cute, enthusiastic
faces.  I realized any pangs of guilt had disappeared.  I was aroused
again (at least intellectually, the body would follow later) at the idea of
continued "practice."
        I broke the silence.  "I can show you how to make you feel
better.  Only if you want to."
        "You mean, like, sex?" Dulcie looked a bit unsure.
        "Well, kind of.  The stuff that people do before sex.  We don't
have to do everything, but we can touch each other, and it will feel real
good.  Like kissing, but more."  (I can't believe I'm saying this to
eleven year-olds, I thought.)
        "Okay."  Rachel seemed ready.
        "We'll go slow," I said.  "This is just practice, so you can see
what it's like, like we did with kissing."  The girls nodded their heads.
Rachel brushed her blonde hair back behind her ears.  "Now, first, we
have to take our pants off, so we can touch the places that make you feel
good.  I will too, 'cause it's only fair.  Okay?"
        I freed myself of my very uncomfortable soaked shorts (wiping
my penis off in the process), then watched the girls.  Of course, they
looked quite embarrassed, but Rachel got a daring look on her face, then
reached under her nightshirt, pulling off her cotton panties.  Perhaps
realizing that her nightshirt would still cover her, Dulcie then did the
same.
        "You're all hairy there."  Dulcie was studying my pubic area.
        "You'll be hairy there too, soon."
        "What's that hair feel like?" asked Rachel.
        "You can feel it if you want.  It's all curly."
        She looked to Dulcie for approval, then scooted over to me,
tentatively reaching out a finger, combing it through my pubic hair
above my penis.
        "Neat," she said.  I leaned over to give her a kiss.  Having
practiced, she immediately probed her tongue forward.  After our kiss, I
asked her to lie back down on her sleeping bag.  She did so, smoothing
her nightshirt down over her pubic area.
        "Now, I'm going to touch your private parts, Rachel.  Just let me
know if anything makes you uncomfortable and I'll stop."  I lifted her
nightshirt up to her belly button.  I found myself suddenly very aroused
again as I looked at the smooth, soft, hairless folds of her labia.  (I can't
believe I'm doing this to my camper, I thought.)  She giggled ticklishly
as I traced two fingers inside her thigh towards the lips of her virgin
vagina.  She gave a slight moan and twitch as my fingers slid up the
crack, wet with moisture, towards the button of her clit.
        "You're wet down there.  That's how your body tells you it
wants to be touched like this."
        "You can feel it to, " Rachel said matter-of-factly to Dulcie.  I
guided Dulcie's hand as she reached out to trace Rachel's smooth pussy.
        "Feel good so far?" I asked Rachel, bending down to kiss her.
        "Mmmm Hmm." she purred.
        "Now your vagina is where I would have put my penis if we
 were having sex, or making love."  As I mentioned her body parts, I
traced them one of my fingers and with Dulcie's finger in my other
hand.  I could feel my cock beginning to grow again.
        "I know THAT already," said Rachel, flashing me a "give-me-a-
break" look.
        "Me, too.  We're not little kids," seconded Dulcie, smiling.  I
decided it would be best not to reply to that last comment.
        "Okay, well, I just wanted to make sure."  I quickly changed the
subject.  "Besides, I like touching you here."
        "I could tell," said Rachel, giving my now erect penis an obvious
stare.  Dulcie broke out laughing.
        "I can't help it."  I blushed.  "You're very pretty.  Both of you."
I leaned over and kissed Dulcie.  "Now up here is the most important
place for you, a place that many boys forget to touch...your clitoris."
Rachel moaned again as Dulcie and I circled her little clit with our finger
tips.
        "I like that," said Rachel.
        "Me, too," I said, kissing her fully on the lips, then kissing down
her chin and onto her neck, all the time massaging her little button with
my fingers and Dulcie's.
        "Mmmmm," she purred.  I sat up.
        "Dulcie, why don't you lay down so I can show you what it feels
like?"
        "Okay."  She smiled, lying down beside Rachel, reaching over to
hold her hand, like two girls about to go on an amusement park ride
together.  I moved over to get closer to Dulcie; Rachel propped herself
on her side to watch.  As I had done with Rachel, I lifted up Dulcie's
nightshirt, a bit higher this time, to right below the gentle swells of her
forming breasts, exposing her smooth, tan-colored skin, her flat
stomach, the hairless V of her small pussy lips below.  Kissing her
gently on the mouth, I traced the outlines of her vagina, probing the
moist folds of skin, finally circling her clit with my fingers.  I felt
Rachel's fingertips join mine, also gently caressing the small button.
Dulcie rocked her head back and forth, moaning softly with pleasure.
        "Here's something else that feels good," I said.  I bent over and
kissed Dulcie's exposed belly button.  She tensed up a bit, but gradually
relaxed as I worked my mouth up her stomach, to the edge of her
nightshirt, then circled first one, and then another nipple with my
tongue, the whole time continuing to massage her clit.
        "That feels good," she moaned.
        "Can you kiss my chest, too, Bruce?"  Rachel wanted to join the
fun.
        "Okay.  Sorry Dulcie.  There's only one of me.  You'll have to
excuse me a moment, but I'll be right back.  I promise."  She laughed
and I kissed her nose, then worked on Rachel.  As I kissed my way up
her stomach, I noticed it was much more taut than Dulcie's, the kind of
body I'd always imagined a young gymnast would have.  Her nipples
were very erect in the middle of each of the small bumps of her breasts.
I circled one with my lips then sucked on it, pulling the tip into my
mouth; then I worked on the other one.  All this time she moaned nearly
constantly, swaying her hips to meet the motion of my caressing fingers.
I gasped as I felt a small hand encircle my stiff penis.  I looked down to
see that Dulcie was holding and looking at my penis, her face a study in
curiosity.  I rolled over onto my back as she continued to touch and look
at my penis.
        "I've never seen a grown one like this before," she said.
        Rachel sat up next to Dulcie.  She reached out to touch my penis
also.  "Me neither."
        "You two are wonderful," I gushed.
        "This is where it feels good for a man?" asked Rachel.
        "Mmmm.  Hmmm."  It was hard to talk.  "It's best if you do it
like this."  I showed them how to gently circle the stiff member with
their fingers, gently stroking up and down.
        "Like this?" asked Rachel.
        "Very good."  I was practically panting.  "So good, you'd better
stop, or I'll make another mess."
        They let go of my penis.  "I'd wouldn't mind seeing it," said
Dulcie.
        "That's fine.  I'd like you to also,...but not yet."  I wasn't sure
how I wanted to proceed from here.  I was ready to let our "play" go as
far as the girls were willing.  God help me, I also wanted them to be
willing to go as far as possible.  It was just...well, somehow too much to
get it on with both of them.  Either one by herself would be incredibly
exciting.  Although I hadn't thought such a thing was possible, I felt like
this situation was simply TOO sexually arousing.  I wanted them both,
but one at a time.  I decided to go ahead and tell them the truth
(certainly our relationship had advanced to a point where we could be
frank!).
        I told them that I wanted to continue our lessons, but that it might
be more comfortable, less embarrassing if I spent some time with each
girl separately.  They looked a bit unsure; I realized that it was less
scary for them to have each other there for support, it kept our activity
as a game shared by two girlfriends at camp.  I then suggested that while
I practiced with one of them, the other could sit right outside.
"Besides," I said, suddenly getting inspiration, "we need to have
someone guarding to make sure we don't get interrupted.  We wouldn't
want one of the boys walking in on us, would we?"
        "Oh, my God.  No!" said Rachel.  "It'd be so embarrassing."
That wouldn't be all, I thought.  We agreed that my suggestion was best,
that one of the girls would sit just outside the shelter.  If anyone
approached, she would come back in to warn us; we'd all then just slide
into our sleeping bags, pretending to sleep.  I prayed that there would be
no interruptions.
        "Do you want to practice with me first, Rachel?"  I thought she'd
be the most daring...and I wanted to be with Dulcie last.
        "Okay."
        "Dulcie, do you mind being the guard first?"
        "Nuh uh.  I just tell you if someone's coming?"
        "Yes.  And don't worry about interrupting us; you've seen
everything, anyway.  Okay?"
        "Okay."  Dulcie slipped her panties back on underneath her night
shirt, then leaned over to Rachel and squeezed her hand.  They
exchanged looks, a sort of "Good luck, I'm right outside" kind of look,
giggled, and then Dulcie went outside with one last glance back at us
over her shoulder, dropping the tarp back into place over the entrance.
        "Now what?" asked Rachel.
        "We'll have some more fun, " I said.
 
        "How're you doing?" I asked my camper sitting alone with me in
the shelter.
        "Okay," said Rachel.
        "I think you're doing great."  She looked down, embarrassed.
"No, I really mean it.  I really like being with you; you'll be a
wonderful woman.  Some man will be very lucky."  I couldn't help
being gushy.  I looked down, embarrassed with myself.  I wanted her
next to me so strongly.  "I guess we should finish getting undressed
now."  I removed my T-shirt.  Looking a little bashful, Rachel pulled
her nightshirt off over her head, golden hair spilling out as she did so.
She laid down on her side on her sleeping bag, curling up, hugging her
knees to her chest out of modesty.  I leaned over to give her a gentle,
lingering kiss.  "You look nice.  You're so pretty, Rachel."  We kissed
again.  I asked her to roll over on to her back.  "It's okay, Rachel.  I'm
going to just touch you again like I did before, to make you feel nice."
She rolled over on to her back, stretching her legs straight out, smiling
up at me.  She looked beautiful: slim, taut body, erect nipples, hair
tumbled across her shoulders, her hands clasped together and resting on
her stomach, her head turned, looking questioningly up at me.  Sitting
next to her and looking into those expectant eyes, I brushed the hair
from her brow.  I rubbed my fingertips slowly and gently along her eye
brows, then down the smooth skin of her cheeks to her chin, down the
sides of her neck, across the bump of her collarbone to her nipples,
feeling the outlines of ribs beneath her hard chest, across her flat
stomach to the belly button (she giggled a bit as I did this), the sides of
her hips, along the outsides of her long, firm thighs, her smooth calf
muscles, and back up inside her legs towards her crotch.
        "I'm getting goose bumps, Bruce," she giggled.
        "Feel okay?"
        "Yeah."  She smiled at me.
        "You really are a very pretty girl, Rachel."  I laid down beside
her, gently rolled her onto her side, facing me.  I ran my fingers through
her hair again as I gazed into her brown eyes, kissed her forehead, then
hugged her naked body to mine.  I had never felt so wonderful in my
life.  Our breathing was heavy, we both nervously enjoyed the full
contact, feeling physically closer than we'd ever thought possible.
        "I...I love you, Bruce."
        "And I...I like you a lot, Rachel."  We kissed; my penis
throbbed against her naked crotch.  "I'm going to touch you down there
again, but I also want to kiss you down there this time.  Okay?"
        Rachel nodded her head "yes".  I rolled her over onto her back,
sliding my fingers back down to her pussy crack, tracing along it's moist
folds.  I kissed down her neck, her collarbone; I licked her perked
nipples as my fingers found her clit.  She trembled and made a deep sigh
as I licked and sucked on her small tits, my finger massaging her button.
I lowered my kisses down her stomach, to her pubic bone.  My heart
leapt as I experienced the novel, sweet, sexy sensation of rubbing my
lips across a young girl's hairless, smooth pussy lips, kissing my way to
her vagina.  I licked the length of the slit, scooping some of her musky-
perfumed juices onto my tongue, into my mouth.  She wriggled her
bottom, and moaned as my tongue found her clit and began to lick it.  I
moved my hand back to her vagina, slipping one finger in, gently
probing the perimeter of her hole; I continued to work on her clit with
my tongue, and could feel its little tip begin to stiffen under the folds of
its hood.  I lifted my head to look up at her face, eyes closed with
pleasure, a big smile on her lips.
        "This okay, hon?"  I asked.
        "Mmm hmm." she was moaning with delight.  I went back to her
wet clit, enjoying it's sweet flavor as I felt it stiffen.  I very slowly slid
one, and then two fingers into her tight vagina.  It contracted against the
first, unaccustomed sensation of insertion, but then relaxed as Rachel
moaned.  I began to slide my fingers in and out of her, lubricated in her
juices.  I could only go down a few inches, before meeting the resistance
of her hymen.  I made up for it by inserting a third finger into her.
        She moaned as I worked on her young genitals.  "Can I touch
your thing?"
        I brought my face up to hers, kissing her with her taste still on
my lips and her aroma strong in my nose.  I reached back down to her
crotch with both hands to continue stimulating her clit and pussy.  Her
hands found my penis, and she began to gently stroke it as I had showed
her earlier.  I could feel myself getting ready to spurt all over her lower
body, and backed away.  I wanted to prolong this.
        "I should put on a rubber."  I panted.
        "Why?"
        "I don't want to squirt sperm on you, and make you get
pregnant."
        "Oh."  She looked confused.  "What should you do?"
        Because it was an overnight, I had my complete toiletries bag
with me in the shelter, including several condoms I'd kept with me "just
in case" (I had been thinking more along the lines of "getting lucky"
with one of the female COUNSELORS I'd had my eye on, but I wasn't
about to complain).  I pulled one out of the wrapper, and rolled it onto
my penis.
        "It's gooey," Rachel said, touching it.
        "That helps it slide better, so it doesn't hurt you."  We began
again where we had left off: I was kissing and finger-fucking Rachel as
she stroked my cock.  I didn't want to come yet, so I pulled my cock
away, and brought my mouth back down to her sweet labia.  My tongue
established a rhythm, licking her erect, slippery clit as my fingers slid in
and out of her soaked, tight vagina.  She began to breath very heavily
and raspy.  "Oh...oh....oh....Ohhh!" she panted as I brought her to the
brink of orgasm.  Out of the corner of my eye I caught Dulcie's face
peering around the tarp investigating what the sound was, watching her
friend enjoy the brink of ecstasy.  Seeing her beautiful, curious face
somehow excited me more, but Dulcie must have seen me seeing her;
she disappeared again.
        As soon as Dulcie disappeared, Rachel let out a half-yelp,
blocking it off mid-scream with her fist held to her mouth, trying to
keep quiet, as her body rippled with her first orgasm.  As little Rachel
came, her head and hair whipped from side to side as she made little
strangled crying sounds, bouncing her chest and erect nipples, her hips
swaying and bucking under my mouth and hand, her liquid dripping
down the crack, onto my fingers, into my mouth and nostrils.
        After a few moments, she slowly came back to her surroundings.
I gently withdrew my mouth and fingers, and laid down beside her,
pressing my body back up against her fully relaxed naked form.  I felt
her nipples touch mine, my sheathed cock rubbing her pubic bone.
Once more I looked into her face, now framed by tousled blond hair, her
cheeks and eyes aglow with post-orgasm.  "Oh, Rachel, I hope that felt
great."
        "It did, Bruce.  I love you."
        "Shhh.  I love making you feel great.  You deserve it, Rachel.
You're so wonderful."
        We held each other as my penis ached throbbingly against her,
wanting her like I'd never wanted before.  Rachel whispered something
near my ear.  "What?" I asked.
        She whispered a bit more loudly.  "Do you want to stick it in
me?"
        I looked into her glowing eyes.  "More than anything in the
world, Rachel."  I rolled her onto her back, kissing her nipples again.
"This will hurt a bit the first time."
        "I want you to do it.  I felt so good.  It almost scared me."
        I smiled at her, kissing her lips.  "You don't need to be scared,
honey.  You're beautiful."  Kissing her more deeply, our tongues
jabbing at each other, I held myself up on my elbows over her lean
body.  As I gently lowered myself to make contact, her body felt hard
and sinewy, athletic.  Her smooth soft skin excited my every contact
point.  With my hand, I rubbed the tip of my latex covered cock up and
down the trough of her wet crack, then positioned it at the entrance to
her hole.  The sensation of the tip of my penis just entering her virgin
body was a sensation second only to actual orgasm.  She sighed deeply
as I pushed the first inch or so of my cock into her young vagina.  It was
so tight: the walls contracting a bit, hugging me inside of her.  "Oh,
Rachel, you don't know how good this is."
        "Mmmm," she hummed.  I began to rock my hips back and
forth.  She kissed me with all her might, but due to inexperience (or
post-orgasm exhaustion) the rest of her body didn't do much to match
my motions, her hands still lying at her sides.  Somehow, that was
exciting me, her surrender to my lead, just experiencing whatever I did
to her.  My penis started to probe deeper, and deeper, very slowly.  I
came upon the barrier of her hymen.  Gradually I increased the pressure,
rocking back and forth, my cock straining to get more deeply into her
young pussy.  Rachel started to wince and groan a bit with pain.
        "Just a bit more."
        "It hurts," she sniffed.  Still pumping on top of her, I saw the
tears well up in the corners of her eyes.
        "Just a bit more, Rachel.  Just a bit more..."
        "It hurts...a lot..."
        "Ssshhhh."  I felt a barrier give, and I suddenly plunged an inch
or two deeper.  Rachel bit back a cry, bringing her hand to her mouth as
I rocked back and forth deeply and slowly inside her.  I kissed her hand
as my hand found her clit under my bucking pubic bone; I began to
stimulate her again, in time to the thrusts of my penis inside her tight
walls.
        Her eyes finally cleared, and she kissed me again.  She looked up
into my eyes as I fucked her.  "I love you, Bruce."
        "Oh, Rachel, honey, I'm making love to you.  We're really
doing it.  We're fucking.  You're doing it with a man..."  Our lips met,
I sloppily kissed all around her mouth, her cheeks, her brow, her hair
tickling my face, my penis ramming in and out of her.  "This is what it's
like to fuck, Rachel, honey, my love..."  My dam burst, and I flooded
my condom inside her tight cavity with spurt after spurt of cum.  "Oh,
Rachel..."  I continued to rock inside her as my seed continued to gush
out.  "I'm coming...oh, I'm coming inside you, Rachel..." I kissed her
face some more, then hugged her close to me, still  inside her.
I felt so ecstatically close to this girl, so at peace with everything.
I smiled, holding her to me.  Turning my head I saw Dulcie peeking
around the tarp again, looking at us.  I made a mock-stern face at her,
and she left us alone again.
        "Was it okay?" Rachel quietly whispered.
        "Rachel, honey, it was wonderful!"  She smiled, and put her
arms around my back; I hugged her to me, kissing her forehead.
             We laid together quietly, still joined, for a few moments
while I waited for my penis to shrink back down (it took its time!).  I
don't believe this has really happened, I thought, my thoughts wandering
as they usually do after orgasm.  I'm lying on top of Rachel, my
camper, who'd never been anything more than a cute little kid to me up
until a few hours ago, now I'm enjoying her naked body with my cock
still inside her.  I realized that I was going to need to treat Rachel very
carefully now that she believed that she loved me (only natural given the
intimacy of what we'd just done together).  I'd worry about that
tomorrow.  I was also glad that we had posted a guard: this was
definitely a compromising position for a counselor to be found in!
Finally, I withdrew.  I pulled off the rubber, wrapping it in a tissue
(from Rachel's back pack...girls always carry tissues!).  Rachel
grimaced a bit as she wiped her crotch, then looked alarmed.  "I'm
bleeding!" she said, distraught, beginning to cry again.
        I went over, and sat next to her, hugging her to me.  "Let me
look."  I wiped her crotch, and saw a trace of blood, but nothing
serious.  "You're okay."  I gently rocked her, kissed her tears, and
wiped them away with my fingers.  "Ssshh.  Don't worry, Rachel.  It's
normal after your first time.  I'm sorry it hurt, but it won't from now on
when you do it."  I kissed her again.  She smiled at me through the end
of her tears.  "You made me feel very good," I said.
        "I felt good, too."
        We smiled at each other for a few minutes, the wonderful way
two people smile who have created a new and special bond between
them.  Dulcie stuck her head into the shelter again.  "It's still all quiet
out here," Dulcie whispered loudly, on the pretense of reporting in from
guard duty.  I wasn't fooled: she was dying to know what was going on
with her friend and me.
        "Ssshh."  I put a finger to my lips.  "That's good, Dulcie."
        Rachel, perhaps feeling a bit embarrassed at her nudity, quickly
grabbed her nightshirt, and slipped it over her head.  I put on my T-shirt
and shorts (minus soaked underpants).
        "How much longer do I have to guard?" Dulcie asked.
        Rachel and I looked at each other.  I smiled at her, and then at
Dulcie.  "We're all done.  Rachel's done very well practicing with me,
but I think she needs a rest."  I rubbed the top of Rachel's head, as she
lowered it to my shoulder.  "I guess it's your turn next, Dulcie."  I
couldn't believe that after two orgasms I was feeling ready for more.
        "I guess."  She looked at Rachel leaning on my shoulder.  "Was
it okay?"
        Rachel sat up straight , an energetic eleven year-old once again.
"Yeah!  It felt really good, ...then it hurt a lot, but then it felt good
again."  Rachel got a strange look on her face.  "You don't have to do it
if you don't want to."  (Jealousy?)
        "Okay," said Dulcie, shrugging her shoulders, looking at me.  "I
guess I'll try it."
        We waited awkwardly while Rachel put her panties on under her
nightshirt, then gathered her sleeping bag to sit on outside.  Finally, she
announced.  "Okay.  I'm the guard now."  She reached out to take
Dulcie's hand, just as Dulcie had done for her; they whispered a few
quick words into each other's ears.  After the two girls finished their
private conversation, Rachel came over, gave me a quick kiss, then left.
        I was sitting alone with an even more beautiful young woman
(and my two campers were now definitely "young women" to me).
Already I could feel the stirring between my legs again.
 
        "Hi."  Dulcie looked a bit awkward, fidgeting and biting her
bottom lip, not sure what she should be doing.
        "Hi," I said, "How're you feeling?"
        She shrugged her shoulders and looked at me, smiling a bit,
seeming nervous.
        "We don't have to do anything yet.  We can just hug."
        "Okay."
        I scooted over to sit next to her, gently hugging her to me.
Dulcie rested her head on my shoulder.  "I think you're really nice,
Dulcie," I said as I softly stroked the back of her head, calming her.  "It
feels good just to hold you close, to be your friend."
        She pulled back to look at me.  "What happened to Rachel?" she
asked.
        "What do you mean?"
        "Well," she hesitated a second, "I heard her making crying
noises, and I saw you,...well,...you were doing something to her private
area with your mouth.  It looked kinda weird."
        I explained to Dulcie that I had been kissing Rachel in the same
kind of way that I had been touching both of them earlier with my
fingers.  "Women make those noises when they have an
orgasm...because it feels so good you can't help it.  Like you can't help
laughing out loud if something's really funny."  That seemed to put her
more at ease.  Dulcie made a face like she understood, and leaned her
head back on my shoulder.  "Another kiss like we practiced, Dulcie?"  I
whispered in her ear.  She brought her face back in front of mine.  I
leaned in to her, touching my lips to her wonderfully soft mouth, the
caress of our lips soon matched by the gentle touching of tongues.  I
rubbed the back of her shoulders with my hand.  She laid one of her
small hands on my shoulder.
        "You feel tense," I observed.
        "I'm sorry."  She looked ashamed, as if she had done something
wrong.
        "You don't have to be sorry," I said quickly to reassure her.
"You aren't doing anything wrong.  Would you like me to rub your
back?"
        "Okay."
        "Okay.  Just lie down on your stomach."
        Dulcie complied, lying down, her head turned to the side and
resting on her arms.  I sat beside her, and began to massage her
shoulders through her nightshirt.  "Feel good?" I asked.
        "Mmmm hmmm."  She nodded her head, smiling.
        I worked her back slowly, moving from shoulder blades, down
her spine, around the sides of her back, to the indented area between her
back and her perfectly rounded ass.  She made soft moans of
contentment.  "I'm going to slide my hands under your shirt so I can rub
you better."  She nodded her head, enjoying the sensation of the
massage.  As I worked my hands back up to her shoulders (enjoying the
firm-soft feel of her young, unblemished skin) I shifted myself onto my
knees, straddling her.  Massaging her shoulders, I slowly lowered
myself to sit astride her butt, being careful not to let my full weight
press down on her.  As I caressed Dulcie's back, her nightshirt gradually
slipped up towards her neck.
        "Dulcie, hon, I'd like to rub the back of your neck...is it okay if
you take off your shirt so I get to it better?"
        "Okay," she whispered.  She pulled the shirt over her head, still
lying down, then rested her head onto her arms again.  I kneaded her
beautiful, dark back; her skin had a literal radiance to it.  She felt so
wonderful under my fingertips.  My penis was beginning to wake up
again, having apparently rested sufficiently from its activities with
Rachel.  I suddenly had an exciting thought.
        "Do you have some hand cream by any chance?" I asked her.
"This would feel even better, there'd be less friction."  She did.  I took
off my T-shirt, then began to massage her naked back again, this time
my hands slid easily over her skin made slippery with Vaseline Intensive
Care Lotion.  I became aware of the very sexy sensation of Dulcie's
firm, round ass beneath her pink cotton panties, cushioning my penis as
my body rocked slightly from the action of massaging her neck and
shoulders.  I could tell that Dulcie was feeling equally good: her moans
were soft, little purrs now as her body rocked back and forth under the
gentle pressure of my hands kneading her shining, moist skin.  Still
sitting on her ass, I bent down to kiss her spine where it met her neck,
rubbing my hands down the lengths of her arms, hugging her from
behind with my body on top of hers, enjoying her firm-yet-soft feel
beneath me.
        I slid off of her, to her side, and brought my lips to hers,
enjoying a lingering kiss as I continued to lightly stroke her arms.  After
our kiss, I looked into her beautiful face inches from mine, brushed a
stray lock of her hair with my hand, and asked her if she would like me
to rub her front.  "It will be just like we did before: you, me, and
Rachel."
        She looked a bit bashful, but nodded her head "yes."
        I gently helped her turn over onto her back, propping myself up
on my elbows next to her.  "You should take your pants off again, so I
can make you,...you know,...feel good there again, too."
        "Are you going to take yours off, too?" Dulcie asked.
        "I guess it's only fair," I said, and soon both of us were naked.  I
looked at her beautiful, young body as I rubbed more lotion onto my
palms: her smooth, tan complexion, straight chest, her budding breasts
tipped with erect nipples, the beginnings of curves at her waist and hips,
the hairless folds of her labia, softly contoured, smooth legs, delicate
little feet.  I looked back up into her wonderful green eyes, smiling at
her as she smiled at me, sweet dimples appearing in the flesh of each
cheek.  "Dulcie," I said, trying to sound calm (I felt slight of breath at
the sight of her) "you are the most beautiful girl I've ever seen."  She
looked away, embarrassed.
        "I've got little kid boobs."
        "No, I mean it.  You're...perfect."  I brought my face closer to
hers, looking into her eyes.  "I hope we can be friends...a long time.
You're my favorite."  Now it was my turn to blush and look away.  I
couldn't believe what I was saying to this kid, nor what I was feeling.
"I'm sorry.  I'm getting mushy.  I just...I just want you to know how
special you are to me."
        "That's okay," she said very softly near my ear.  "I like hearing
you say that.  I like you a lot, too."  She looked into my eyes.  "I think
you're the best counselor at camp."  Okay, this was getting just a bit too
weird.  I stopped talking, and kissed her.  I appreciated the fullness of
her lips as they slid beneath mine, our tongues soon darting and circling
inside each other's mouth.  As we kissed, I began to rub the front of her
shoulders with my greased hands, running them down the sides of her
rib cage, back up to her chest, feeling her small breast mounds under my
palm, gently rubbing her nipples with my thumbs.  My penis was by
now very erect (of course!) and I felt it rubbing against the side of her
thigh.
        "I should put on a rubber," I said, pulling away from her.  As I
had with Rachel, I explained to Dulcie that I didn't want to squirt sperm
all over her (despite my recollection of her having said earlier that she'd
like to see it), then rolled on a condom from my toiletries bag.  Dulcie
seemed fascinated by my sheathed penis.  She looked at it with her
serious, studious face, investigating it.  She reached out to touch it as
Rachel had, but Dulcie also encircled the shaft with her thumb and
forefinger and began to gently slide her fingers up and down the length
of it.  I watched her small hand slide up and down my erect penis, then
closed my eyes, moaning.  This was heaven.
        "This feels good?" she asked, interested in how I was reacting to
her touch, as if this were a science experiment.
        "Very good."  I touched her small hand with mine.  "In fact, it's
almost too good.  You'd better stop or I'll have an orgasm any minute."
        She took her hand away, looking concerned.  "What's wrong
with that?"
        "I want you to have one first.  So you'll understand what it's
like."
        "You mean, like Rachel did?"
        "Yeah, that's right."
        "Will you have one, too?"
        "I'm sure I will...with a beautiful girl like you."  She smiled at
me as I guided her back onto the sleeping bag.  "Just relax, Dulcie.  I'm
going to rub you some more until it feels better than you've ever felt
before.  I'll also kiss you down there, like you saw me doing to Rachel.
We'll be making love, like grownups do, like in the movies."
        Dulcie giggled.  "I know what making love is, Bruce.  I'm not
that little, you know."  I kissed her, then squeezed some more lotion
onto her stomach, near her belly button.  Once again, I enjoyed the very
sensuous, very sexy experience of sliding my hands across her young
skin made even more smooth by the lotion, the soft glow of the lantern
casting a slight sheen to her moist body.  I dipped a finger into the folds
of her labia, traced the entrance to her vagina, circled her clitoris.  She
sighed with pleasure.  Bringing both hands back up to her chest, I
lowered my mouth to kiss the outside of her labia, delicately, teasingly.
My tongue probed between the folds, tasted the moisture inside, licking
up to find her clit.  As the tip of my tongue danced over it's stiffening
point, my head swirling with the musky aroma of her juices, my fingers
slid around her nipples, gently teasing and tweaking their tips.
        "Oh,...mmmm...feels so good, Bruce...."  Dulcie began to rock
her hips against the rhythm of my tongue and fingers.  I brought one of
my hands down to her crotch, sliding a finger into the entrance of her
vagina.  She spasmed a bit as I slowly probed my finger into her,
reaching her barrier after a few inches.  I continued to lick and swallow
her juices, gently sucking her erect clit between my lips as I flicked it
with my tongue.  I eased a second and a third finger into her tight hole,
her walls contracting wetly against them.  My rhythm began to increase
as her body began to rock faster, her pubes pumping into my face in
fluid motions.  I could hear her breathing becoming heavy, slightly
raspy.  She started to make little crying noises in her throat.  These
became louder.  She brought one of her hands to her mouth, holding her
mouth closed as her other hand fell on top of mine, massaging her small
breasts.  She slid her hand over to the other breast, kneading it as her
hips violently thrust forward raising her butt off the sleeping bag, her
musky-sweet aroma exploding in my nostrils as she exploded with
orgasm, her small pussy leaking sweet liquid, lubricating my fingers
where they plunged in and out of her hole.
        Slowly, Dulcie's breathing calmed, and her hips relaxed, her ass
came back down to the floor, as I lapped up the moisture from her pussy
lips.  I heard her exhale, then begin sniffing.  I looked up to see her
beautiful face aglow, tears in the corners of her eyes as she sniffled.
        I laid down next to her, cupping her face in my hands as I kissed
the corners of her eyes.  "What's the matter, honey?  You okay?"
        Dulcie smiled through her tears, nodding her head that she was
okay.  "(Snnff)  It just felt so good."  She hugged me, her head next to
mine.  "I got scared..."
        "Don't be scared.  It's good to feel that good.  You feel so good,
Dulcie."  I held her body against the length of mine, rubbing her bare
back, enjoying the way her skin slid against mine due to the moisture of
the lotion and her sweat.  I gently brought her face around in front of
mine, our lips coming together in a tender, full kiss, slowly becoming
more passionate, as if we were kissing with all of our bodies.  It was a
perfect kiss, the kind that you only experience a couple of times in a
lifetime (if you're lucky), the kind you see in movies: I sucked on her
bottom lip as she sucked on my top lip, then we alternated, then our
tongues darted in and out of mouths, wrestling together, before our lips
returned to nibble on each other, tasting and consuming each other's
mouth, her salty-sweet saliva mixing with mine.  My hand in the small
of her back pressed her hips in towards mine.  Through the latex the tip
of my penis rubbed against her pubic bone.  Eventually, the kiss ended,
and I looked into her green eyes: young, adult, sexy, sweet, innocent,
and beautiful all at the same time.
        "I want to make love to you Dulcie," I whispered beside her ear.
"I want to love you so much, to be inside you.  Like grownups."
        "Do I feel as good as a grown up?" she looked at me.
        "You feel better than anyone has ever felt to me...ever."  I kissed
her.  She gave me that wonderful smile.  "Ready?" I asked.
        "Mmm Hmm."
        Kissing her some more, I eased her over onto her back, one hand
drifting back down between her legs, rubbing the entrance to her vagina,
still slick with her juice.  After bending over to kiss her nipples, I
propped myself on my elbows, sliding on top of her.  While one hand
went down to guide my penis to the outside of her virgin hole, I
extended my other arm, holding myself over her so I could look down
on her wonderfully arousing form as I prepared to slide into her.
        "Oh, Dulcie, you're so beautiful."  She looked up at me
bashfully, a half smile on her lips, then opening her lips slightly and
closing her eyes as I enjoyed the sensation of the tip of my cock sliding
past the tight circle of her cunt opening.  Ripples of electricity seemed to
radiate out, down my cock, across my body, as I slowly slid deeper into
her warm, tight cavity.  I eased my body down to hers again, feeling her
nipples on my chest, her breath hot on my neck, her belly button pressed
to mine, our hips coming closer.  Almost halfway in, and I met the
resistance of her hymen.  As I had done with Rachel, I pressed my cock
against the resistance, slowly increasing the pressure.  As I did, I looked
into Dulcie's face.  I didn't want to hurt her too much, but I couldn't
imagine stopping either.  Her eyes clouded up with tears, she bit her
teeth together, and set her jaw making the most "serious" face I had seen
on her yet.
        "Just a bit more, honey." I whispered breathlessly.  "A bit more,
and it will stop hurting...a bit more...ahh!"  I was through, her walls
tight around my shaft, as I pushed through the circle of resistance, my
balls coming to rest against her crotch.  I stopped moving, just held her
to me, smelling the sweet fragrance of her hair, her slick body against
mine, my cock buried fully inside her gripping vagina.  "Oh, Dulcie,
love, I'm in you.  We're making love."
        "Mmmmm." her soft voice tickled my ear.
        "I love you, Dulcie."  While part of me somewhere shouted,
"What the hell are you saying?!" a bigger part of me was undeniably and
thoroughly loving this sweet young kid, loving her touch, her youth, her
wonderfully sweet personality.  "You're so wonderful...I never want this
moment to end."  I bent my head down, to take her lips in mine, to
experience another deep, passionate kiss with my new, young friend, our
bodies melted together, fully connected.  As our kiss lingered, my hips
began to gently sway with the passion, my penis beginning to slowly
rock back and forth inside her pussy.  Unlike Rachel, Dulcie wrapped
her arms around me, making little purring noises as we kissed and
fucked.  Her body, however, wasn't moving much.  I looked at her, and
she looked at me questioningly, as if she were awaiting instructions.  I'd
nearly forgot that this was supposed to be a lesson for her.
        "Dulcie, while we do this, you can rock your hips back and
forth...like I'm doing."
        "Okay...like this?"  She was rocking in the same motion that I
was, which kept my penis from sliding inside of her.  I giggled.
        "Almost, honey.  You're supposed to move the opposite way that
I do, so my coc..penis can rub in and out of your hole.
        "Like this?"  She was giggling, a big smile on her face, obviously
playing a game with me.
        "Mmmm, yeah, that's it...."  It was more exciting than anything I'd
experienced before: this little kid playing with me, her lotion-slippery body
sliding against mine, my penis in the grip of her tight little pussy, sliding
back and forth now as her body humped against mine.
          "Mmmmmmm...Dulcie...love..."  I hugged her to me, kissing
her face, not just lips, but cheeks, eyes, nose, chin, as she kissed all of
my face, our faces soaked with each other's spit.  I slid my hands up and
down her sides, pulling her ass cheeks in towards mine as we fucked, the
rhythm slowly building, our bodies rippling in point - counterpoint, our
pubic bones locked together.  Our bodies slippery, our pubic bones
grinding, our hips totally connected, locked together, synchronized, her
body matching my every thrust: fluid humping, pumping, fucking.  I
knew I was about to come: the pressure built at the base of my cock.
"Oh, Dulcie, you're so good, I'm loving you so much...we're really
doing it..."
        "We're fucking?" a faint breathy whisper in my ear.
        "Oh, yes, Dulcie, honey, my love, we're fucking, we're...."  It
was too much, I finally came.  Our bodies spasmed together, locked at
the hips, my cum spurting deep into her cunt, her nipples rubbing
against my chest, our lotion and sweat oiled bodies slippery, sliding
subtly with each pulse of my cum, my body feeling alive and
hypersensitive in the mindless moment of orgasm.  "Oh Dulcie,
I'm coming inside you, honey.  You're my favorite girl ever.  So sweet,
sexy..."  Each spurt seemed to bring me closer to this sweet girl,
deeper into her embrace, melting together.
        When it was over, we laid there, wrapped together, a time of
ultimate intimacy.  I felt her vaginal walls spasm with aftershock as my
penis spasmed with aftershock.  Our chests rose and fell together; I
almost felt that I could feel her heartbeat against mine.  I caressed her
head with my hand, letting her soft  dark hair fall though my fingers.  I
heard her sniff near my ear.  Still inside of her, I leaned back to look at
her face.  Once again, there were tears.
        "You okay?" I asked, concerned.
        "Mmmm Hmmm."
        "What's wrong?"
        "Nothing.  It's just...I don't know.  It's like I'm grown up now."
        "Yeah.  I guess you're right."
        A pause as she looked at me through her tears.  "Are we gonna
get married?"
        My heart skipped a beat, but I felt total adoration for my young
lover, total connection.  "Um,...sure,...if you still want to when you get
old enough."  (Which would be about seven years, I thought.)
        She smiled, nodding her head, hugging me again.  "Okay."
        My god, I thought, not only have I had sex with both of my
campers, but I'm practically engaged to Dulcie, I feel like I love her,
and Rachel, who's a sweet kid, is in love with me.  I've created one
royal, fucked up mess...but I don't care right now.  I squeezed Dulcie,
purring contentment, my mind swirling the random thoughts of post-
orgasm.
        I woke up with a start, found myself lying next to Dulcie, my
penis finally withdrawn and limp.  She was on her side, patiently
watching me.  "I must have dozed."
        She nodded her head.
        "How long?"
        "Not very."  I kissed her, then removed the condom with another
of Rachel's tissues.  I wiped Dulcie's crotch with another tissue,
checking for blood.
        "Don't worry, Dulcie, there's a little blood, but that's normal."
        "I know.  I heard you and Rachel."
        It occurred to me that we hadn't seen Rachel since she'd left (not
as naturally curious as Dulcie?).  I told Dulcie that we'd better check on
her friend, and let her come back into the shelter.  We pulled our few
items of clothes back on, and I went to check on Rachel.  Before I did, I
hugged Dulcie one more time, and kissed her briefly on the lips.
        "You're very special to me, Dulcie.  The most special girl I
know.  I want you to remember that."
        "Are we gonna be able to...make love again?"
        "Yes...I hope so."
        "When?"
        "As soon as possible, honey.  I'll figure out some way."
        "Okay."
        I stuck my head out around the tarp to check on our "guard."  I
looked down and saw Rachel curled up asleep on top of her sleeping bag
on the ground.  I realized I had been very lucky that none of the boys
had decided to wake me for a bathroom run during the last 45 minutes.
I woke her up, telling her that Dulcie and I were finished.  She picked
up her stuff, sleepily wiping her eyes, and crawled back into the shelter.
        None of us needed to say anything more; it was apparent that
sleep was next on the agenda.  We were all fully exhausted from love-
making.  I laid down on my sleeping bag.  Both girls looked at each
other, then at me, then spread their bags out on either side of me.  I
turned off the lantern, noticing my wristwatch as I did so: a bit after
3:30 AM.  I guess I hadn't gotten anymore sleep on this overnight after
all!  And I didn't mind one bit.  I settled down in the darkness, enjoying
the cozy, cuddly, warmth of "my" girls snuggled up on each side of me.
        And lying on my back in the darkness, one arm around each girl,
I felt Rachel turn to kiss me once more on the cheek.  We had come full
circle.
        "Good night, Rachel."
        "Good night," she purred sleepily.  "I love you."
        And I turned to kiss Dulcie, guiding her face to touch her lips.
        "Good night, Dulcie,..." I whispered, and into her ear very
softly: "...my most special friend."
        She just purred, snuggling into my arm, quickly falling into
sleep.  As the fog of sleep quickly wiped away at my consciousness, I
thought about all that had happened to us.  Our lives had been
permanently changed in a few short hours.  I had a hell of a lot of
sorting out to do tomorrow, and perhaps for some time after that.  The
situation with Rachel was difficult as I didn't want to hurt her, and the
situation with Dulcie...well, I was confused.  Just what could I expect
out of continuing our relationship given the incredible (not to mention
illegal) age difference?  What would it do to Dulcie?  Did she even have
feelings of love for me?  I couldn't remember her having said so.  What
was happening to me?  I was treading some very dangerous territory.
        But that was for tomorrow.  Right now I was loving the warm
comfort of two very special girls cuddled up to either side of me as I
drifted off to sleep.
 
THE END
