                               WEEKEND OVERTIME

   With todays new competitiveness in  business more and more hard  work is
   going into  our work  weeks.  Often  I find  myself working  weekends in
   order to satisfy the need for addition work efforts.  Recently however I
   was delighted by  a turn of  events which made  this weekend requirement
   easier  to  take.   Our  company  like  most  has be undergoing constant
   reorganization in  an attempt  to become  more effective  and with  this
   comes  the  inevitable  procession  of  changes in upper management.  In
   addition the  general age  of my  bosses had  been declining.   A recent
   change found me  working for a  good looking woman  about 5 years  older
   than myself.  I wondered how this was going to work out, and as you will
   learn it not only worked out great but has provided me some of the  most
   interesting work experiences in my life.

   It all started as I said with my new boss, Jane was a good looking  dark
   haired lady with nice  tits and a great  figure.  While she looked  nice
   she wore very conservative suit around the office and I did not think of
   her in especially carnal  ways.  Jane had brought  with her a number  of
   women who formed  her inner circle  and while some  of my peers  thought
   this was a sign that the guys  were going to get the shit jobs  I waited
   to see how  things developed.  Soon  after Jane took  over I received  a
   number of interesting and sensitive assignments which were due in  short
   time frames.  I was assigned one of Jane's people to work for me and  we
   began to work the project.  Sue  the woman assigned to me was  a pretty,
   slim woman about 23 while she wasn't Bo Derrick she seemed to always  to
   give off a very  sexual aura which attracted  me to her from  the first.
   We ended up spending many evenings  working on our project and I  got to
   know Sue quite well.  Sue had small firm breasts which she almost  never
   covered with a bra  and while her dress  was never overtly sexy  I found
   myself drawn to her wondering how she would be in bed.

   When the project was nearing completion the work effort intensified  and
   in addition to  working nights Sue  and I were  getting together on  the
   weekends to complete the work on the required schedule.  Sue invited  me
   over  to  her  house  so  we  could  work  on  the  project in some more
   comfortable surroundings and since she was single I thought it would  be
   nice.  I arrived about 8:30 Saturday morning, Sue greeted me at her door
   wearing a  short t-shirt  nighty and  apologizing for  over sleeping.  I
   told her it was ok and how  sexy she looked in her short nighty.   Sue's
   small firm tits were clearly visible under the thin white cotton and her
   nipples poked  out against  the fabric  making my  cock get  stiff.  Sue
   invited me in  and showed me  to the kitchen.   While I watched  Sue she
   made us a pot of coffee, I was getting a great show as Sue moved  around
   her long sleek legs  showing thru the slits  in her night shirt.   Sue's
   firm ass was clearly visible as she bent over and I could tell Sue  wore
   nothing under her night shirt as there was no panty lines visible as the
   thin material clung to  her firm ass cheeks.   Sue caught me ogling  her
   and apologized for not being  more appropriately dressed.  I told  her I
   was glad she slept late and  complimented her firm young body.  Sue  was
   doing the ogling  now as I  saw her gaze  fix on the  large bulge in  my
   crotch.  I got the coffee and poured  us each a cup telling her to  meet
   me in the living room.  Sue took the coffee from my hand and I  followed
   her to her living room watching her firm ass move under her nighty.   By
   the time we got to the living room I had a full fledged hard-on which  I
   could scarcely hide.

   Sue sat  down on  the sofa  and began  to go  over the  materials I  had
   brought for us  to work on.   We discussed the  project for a  while and
   began to work.  I had to draw some charts and got down on the floor  and
   began to work on the coffee table across from Sue.  Sue went on  reading
   the text of the report and as I worked Sue pulled her legs up under  her
   Indian style.  I looked up and found myself staring into her cute  pussy
   which was as I had suspected not hidden by panties.  My cock was getting
   hard again and when I looked up I looked directly into Sue's eyes.   Her
   eyes were full of lust and she made no attempt to hide her naked  pussy.
   Sue asked me  if I liked  what I was  seeing and I  told her I  did very
   much.  With that Sue got up and stood next to me letting me look up  her
   short night gown  as she stroked  my hair.  I  knew what was  next and I
   gently slid my  hand up between  her long smooth  legs until my  fingers
   were rubbing her hot slit.  Sue  had a nicely trimmed pussy and  she had
   shaved her pussy lips  clean of hair making  them stand out against  the
   light blond of her bush.  I slipped my finger into her hot slit  finding
   her already  very stimulated  and wet.   I heard  Sue sigh  gently as my
   finger probed her cunt and slid up  her hot wet slit.  I got to  my feet
   and lifted her night gown up  and over her head exposing her  lithe body
   and firm tits.  Sue's nipples were stiff and pink and I sucked her right
   nipple as  I fingered  her slippery  slit.  Sue  was moaning  and I  was
   determined to make  her cum so  I licked my  way down her  belly until I
   reached  her  pussy.   Moving  her  back  to  the sofa I pushed her back
   sitting her beautiful ass  down and spreading her  legs to open her  hot
   pussy to  my view.   Sue's pussy  was wet  with her  passion and I could
   smell the sweet scent of her  excitement.  I pulled her legs up  onto my
   shoulders and licked my way up  her smooth inner thighs until I  reached
   her hot wet cunt.  Sue was practically begging me to eat her cunt by now
   and I wanted  her to really  enjoy the cunt  licking I intended  to give
   her.

   I reached up with both hands and fondled her firm tits rolling her stiff
   nipples between my fingers making  her moan even louder for  release.  I
   spread  her  pussy  lips  with  my  tongue  and pressed it deep into her
   sopping slit, pressing my lips against her slippery pink pussy lips  and
   making her hump her twat against my mouth.  I knew Sue was very  excited
   and I began to lick and suck her stiff clit making her legs twitch  with
   each swipe my tongue made over her stiff button.  Sue moved her hand  to
   the back of my  head and pressed down  forcing my against her  quivering
   slit as she humped  her pussy against my  lips and tongue.  I  moved one
   hand down  to her  pussy and  rammed two  fingers into  her pulsing cunt
   wetting them with her freely  flowing juices.  Sue was having  her first
   orgasm by now and she gushed tasty pussy juice over my fingers and  into
   my mouth.   As she  relaxed a  bit I  pulled one  finger from  her spasm
   ridden pussy and slowly pressed it up her tight anus.  This new  assault
   made Sue get excited all over again and as I finger fucked her hot  cunt
   and tight little asshole I licked her stiff clit making her legs  twitch
   and jump with pleasure.  Sue's pussy and asshole began to clamp down  on
   my fingers and I sensed that  Sue was nearing another climax.  I  rammed
   my fingers deep into her pulsing holes and sucked her stiff clit into my
   mouth making her climax again.  Sue  was a bit done in after  her second
   orgasm and I gently licked her  pussy while she came back down  from the
   peak of her pleasure.

   Once Sue had regained  her wits she pulled  me up and kissed  me forcing
   her tongue into my mouth and  licking her sweet juices from my  lips.  I
   sensed Sue got real pleasure from  the taste of pussy and worried  a bit
   if she was a only interested in women.  Sue quickly put my fears to rest
   standing  me  up  and  hugging  me  to  her hot body.  Sue moved quickly
   stripping off my  shirt and pulling  off my pants.   My cock sprung  out
   stiffly as Sue lowered my jeans and I could tell from the way Sue gasped
   that she appreciated my  thick 10 incher.  Sue  pushed me back onto  the
   couch and pulled my shoes off so she could get my pants off my legs.  My
   cock was throbbing and I wanted to  fuck Sue.  Once I was naked Sue  got
   between my legs and stroked my  cock, seeing the pre-cum emerge from  my
   swollen dick Sue licked the head of my cock tasting my excitement.   Sue
   then lowered  her mouth  onto my  raging prick  slowly forcing my entire
   cock deep into her  hot wet throat.  Sue  sucked my cock hard  making my
   hips thrust up to  meet her downward plunges  driving my cock deep  into
   her tight throat.  I could feel  Sue's firm tits rubbing my legs  as she
   deep throated my prick making my whole body twist with pleasure.  I told
   Sue's I wanted to fuck her hot pussy first so with one last deep sucking
   motion she pulled her mouth off my  prick.  I pulled Sue up over me  and
   guided  her  down  onto  my  stiff  prick  forcing my cock deep into her
   slippery hot pussy.   I watched as  my cock disappeared  into her pretty
   pussy stretching her cunt as I drove my shaft deep into the recesses  of
   her  tight  vagina.   Sue's  small  firm  tits bounced invitingly as she
   rammed herself  up and  down my  long prick  moaning each  time my  cock
   thrust  deep  up  her  tight  wet  cunt.   I sucked Sue's nipples as she
   pounded her cunt onto my prick making my cock beg for release.  Sue  was
   totally out of control grinding her hot wet pussy against my cock as she
   reamed her pussy with  long hard strokes.  Sue  began to climax and  her
   cunt clamped around my invading prick squeezing my cock hard and causing
   my cum filled balls to unload into her stretched tight slit.  I felt  my
   sperm travel from my bloated balls up my rigid cock and spray the inside
   of Sue's hot vagina.  I filled her hot cunt with my sperm as she bounced
   on my stiff prong crying out for me to fill her pussy with cum.

   Sue and I slowed down a bit and  as I rubbed her clit with my finger  we
   exchanged  some  slow  deep  kisses.   I  held  Sue to me, my cock still
   imbedded in her convulsing cunt.   Sue finally climbed off me  and layed
   back on the sofa.   Seeing her layed out  I wanted to pleasure  her even
   more so I spread her legs and began to lick her pussy lashing her  stiff
   exposed clit while I finger fucked her pussy and tight anus.  Sue pulled
   my hips around and started to suck  my cock making me get hard all  over
   again.  Soon  my cock  was stiff  again and  I was  ready to  fuck.  Sue
   crawled up on the sofa and got down doggy style telling me to fuck  her.
   I moved behind  Sue and spread  her ass cheeks  as she fingered  her hot
   pussy.  I pressed  my finger deep  up Sue's hot  pink anus and  moved in
   behind her, Sue grabbed my cock and guided it up her slippery snatch.  I
   rammed my swollen  cock deep into  Sue's hot slippery  slit as I  finger
   fucked her  hot asshole.   Sue was  panting and  moaning as  I fucked my
   prick deep into her tight hot twat making her ass cheeks jump each  time
   I bottomed out  in her pulsing  slit.  We were  so into our  pleasure we
   must have not heard the knock at  the door and as I looked up  I noticed
   Jane  our  boss  standing  in  the  half open door.  Jane was transfixed
   watching us fuck our brains out, the feeling of Sue's hot pussy gripping
   my dick felt so great I decided to make out like I hadn't seen her and I
   continued to pound my throbbing cock  up Sue's hot pussy and finger  her
   tight asshole.  I watched  out of the corner  of my eye as  I fucked Sue
   hard and fast  making her climax  and cry out  for more cock.   Jane was
   wearing a  light blue  jogging outfit  which showed  off her  large tits
   nicely, Jane's nipples were stiff and they clearly showed thru her top.

   I stole glances at Jane and watched as her hand slipped up under her top
   and she began  to rub her  large firm tit  pulling on her  nipple as she
   watched Sue and I fuck.  As Sue and I moved towards our climax Jane  was
   becoming more and more  aroused and I saw  her first rub her  pussy thru
   her pants then slip her hand into her jogging pants and finger her slit.
   Sue was climaxing again and her  tight hot pussy clamped around my  cock
   making me cum with her.  I thrust deeply into Sue's hot convulsing  cunt
   filling her  pussy with  my thick  sperm as  I forced  my fingers up her
   asshole stretching Sue's tight asshole and increasing her pleasure.   As
   Sue and I  ground our way  down from our  orgasmic climax Sue  turned to
   look at me and saw Jane standing there watching us and playing with  her
   pussy and tits.  Jane never moved until I pulled out of Sue's sloppy cum
   filled twat my still half erect cock sticking out covered by my load and
   Sue's lick pussy juices.  I helped Sue up and we both advanced on  Jane.
   Jane never stopped playing  with her cunt and  tits and Sue went  to her
   side and  helped Jane  take off  her top.   I moved with Sue  and pulled
   Jane's jogging pants down exposing her  wet pussy and saw that Jane  had
   two fingers  deeply imbedded  in her  very wet  pussy.  Without saying a
   word Sue began to  lick and suck on  Jane's large firm tits  sucking her
   distended nipples and reaching down  her back to cup and  squeeze Jane's
   firm ass cheeks.  Seeing that Jane was openly accepting Sue's advances I
   pulled Jane's fingers  from her wet  slit and licked  them replaced them
   with two  of my  own.  Jane's  twat was  tight and  wet as  I forced two
   fingers deep into her hairy pussy.  I spread her thick bush and began to
   lick her large  very stiff clit  making Jane moan  and thrust her  pussy
   into my mouth.   Sue and I  kept up our  attack on our  boss  until Jane
   climaxed replete with moaning and a stream of dirty talk that  surprised
   me.

   Jane's legs got a  bit wobbly after her  climax and Sue and  I moved her
   over to the sofa  and sat her down.   As Sue continued to  lick and suck
   Jane's tits  and nipples  I took  off her  shoes and  pulled her jogging
   pants off her legs.  Jane  was naked now and I  knew Sue and I could  do
   any thing we wanted to pleasure our boss.  Jane slowly began to come out
   of her trance  and reached out  for Sue's small  firm tits cupping  them
   both and pulling on Sue's nipples as they kissed.  Sue kissed Jane  with
   a deep longing kiss and sat back watching me rub Jane's pussy.   Finally
   Jane began to speak and told us  that she had come over to check  on the
   project knowing Sue and I would be working on it today.  Jane  explained
   that she had knocked but got  no response and since she heard  noise she
   came in to see if we were here.  Jane continued to explain that when she
   saw us fucking she became very excited and just settled down to watch us
   fuck.  I spread Janes legs further and rubbed my fingers thru her  thick
   bush spreading her pussy and gently rubbing her stiff clit.  Jane  began
   to moan and begged me  to eat her pussy again.   I told her it would  be
   better for both of us if she trimmed her pussy like Sue's and  suggested
   we could do that task now.  Jane asked Sue to show her her pussy and Sue
   layed back  and spread  he legs  letting Jane  have a  good look  at her
   nicely trimmed cunt.   Jane reached out  and rubbed her  hand over Sue's
   hot cum stained twat and pressed two fingers up Sue's pussy.  Sue moaned
   and thrust her cunt up against Jane's fingers.  Jane bent down and began
   to lick Sue's cummy cunt licking her clit and bringing moans of pleasure
   to Sue.

   After a few minutes Jane asked Sue and I to trim and shave her pussy and
   asked me if I would be ready to fuck after we had finished.  I stood  up
   and showed Jane that I was ready now waving my now stiff prick in  front
   of her face.  To my surprise Jane grabbed my cock and sat up pulling  my
   prick to her lips  and driving my prick  deep into her throat.   After a
   few minutes of driving  my cock into Jane's  hot wet mouth Sue  began to
   finger Janes  pussy and  pull on  her stiff  nipples.  I  pulled out  of
   Jane's mouth and  throat and told  her it was  time for her  shave.  Sue
   showed  us  to  the  bathroom  where  she  and  I  quickly organized the
   necessary materials  to shave  Jane's hot  twat.  I  got Jane  up on the
   vanity and  spread her  legs opening  her pussy  as Sue  kissed her  and
   played with Jane's big tits.  I first trimmed her bush back until I  got
   it to  about a  half inch  long, I  placed a  hot towel  on her pussy to
   soften up the  hair.  While we  waited I fingered  Jane's hot pink  anus
   making her twitch with delight.  I removed the towel and spread on  some
   shaving cream and began to clear off her pussy.  Starting at the top  of
   Jane's slit I  shaved her cunt  lips clean and  moved up onto  her mound
   shaving away the thick growth of hair until Jane had just a thin line of
   hair left  about an  two inches  wide starting  about an  inch above the
   start of her slit and going  for about three inches.  Jane's pink  pussy
   lips looked great with the hair removed and Jane's large erect clit  was
   now clearly visible and very accessible.  I told Jane to turn around and
   with Sue's help spreading Jane's ass  cheeks I managed to clear off  the
   few hairs between her cunt and  asshole an around the pink puckered  rim
   of her tight anus.   Jane was very stimulated  by now and I  told her to
   get into the shower  and make sure she  got all the lather  off.  By the
   time Jane emerged from the shower  I was stuffing my cock up  Sue's cunt
   as she  leaned over  the vanity.   Jane kissed  Sue and  thanked me  for
   shaving her cunt telling  me how fantastic it  felt when she rubbed  her
   pussy.  Sue  told her  that rubbing  was just  the start  and she  would
   really appreciate the change when someone ate or fucked her pussy.  Jane
   grabbed my cock  which was still  half in Sue's  twat and asked  us both
   what we were waiting for.  Sue suggested we go to her bedroom and really
   get into some fun.   I agreed and from  the look in Jane's  eyes I could
   tell she was ready for anything.

   We went into Sue's bedroom and  stripped off the blankets and Sue  and I
   pushed Jane down on her back in the middle of the bed.  I moved  between
   Jane's legs and spread them wide opening her newly shaved twat which was
   dripping with excitement.   I went down  on Jane's hot  wet cunt licking
   her juices and lashing her big  clit, the feeling was great and  I could
   tell Jane was enjoying the sensations  my tongue was causing on her  now
   naked cunt.  Sue got up over Jane's face and lowered her cum filled cunt
   onto Jane's full lips giving Jane a taste of her hot pussy juice and the
   remnants of my sperm.  Jane pulled Sue's slippery slit to her mouth  and
   began  to  lick  Sue's  erect  clit  and  plunge her tongue up Sue's hot
   slippery pussy.  I continued to lick Jane's hot wet slit and pressed  my
   fingers up  her pulsing  pussy.  Jane  was having  a big  climax and her
   passion was fully raised when she  came she gushed her hot pussy  juices
   into  my  mouth.   I  pulled  a  finger  from Jane's hot twat and slowly
   pressed  it  up  her  tight  pink  anus  making  Jane  moan with renewed
   pleasure.  Sue was pulling on Jane's large stiff nipples as we continued
   to pleasure our boss and within the space of a few minutes Jane began to
   tremble with  orgasm again.   My cock  was throbbing  and I  moved up my
   stiff tool sticking out like a  flag.  Jane was begging for my  cock and
   Sue grabbed my stiff prick and after opening Jane's slippery pink  pussy
   lips guided my cock  up Jane's hot tight  cunt.  I heard Jane  gasp as I
   drove my prick up her slippery tight vagina, pressing deep into her slit
   and burying my cock  balls deep in her  naked pussy.  I started  to fuck
   Jane hard stroking into her cunt  with long hard strokes making her  cry
   for more on each  deep thrust.  Jane's cunt  spasmed and clamped like  a
   fist around my  stiff prick as  her climax peaked  and I filled  her hot
   cunt with a big  load of jism as  she thrust her hips  upward driving me
   even deeper into  her convulsing cunt.   Sue started to  cum and covered
   Jane's mouth and face with her pussy juice as she ground out her  orgasm
   on Jane's talented mouth.  Slowly  we ground out the last  pleasure from
   our mutual climaxes and I reluctantly pulled my now softening prick from
   Jane's hot sperm filled slit.

   I sat back and watched as Jane and Sue rolled on their sides into a slow
   sixty nine eating each others pussies.  Sue was taking great delight  in
   licking my sperm  from Jane's swollen  pink pussy as  Jane tongue fucked
   Sue's hot slit  and pressed a  long finger up  Sue's hot tight  asshole.
   Finally Jane rolled away from Sue  and over to me grabbing my  half hard
   cock and sucking me  deeply into her mouth.   As Jane worked on  my cock
   Sue moved to my  head and kissed me  then slid over my  face and pressed
   her sweet slit to my mouth.  I sucked Sue slowly building her passion as
   Jane worked my now  stiff prick deep into  her throat.  I was  ready for
   action again  and Jane  demanded I  fuck her  doggy style  while she ate
   Sue's pussy.  I pulled  Jane up on all  fours and told Sue  to get under
   her.  Sue slid under  her boss and began  to lick and suck  Jane's pussy
   while pulling  Jane's face  into her  own.  The  sight of  these two hot
   women made me want to fuck and suck them forever, I moved in behind Jane
   and began to play with her ass spreading her firm ass cheeks and licking
   her tight pink anus.  Jane was ready and I moved in letting Sue guide my
   stiff prick up Jane's still wet cunt.  Jane's slippery pussy accepted my
   deep thrusting with ease and I  was soon plunging my cock deep  into the
   depths of her slick vagina.  Sue was licking Jane's clit and I felt Jane
   climax twice before Sue finally came herself.  I began to plunge my cock
   even harder into Jane's hot slit and brought her to another climax while
   I filled  her quivering  slit with  my thick  sperm.  Sue  licked Jane's
   pussy collecting my sperm and Jane's  juices as we slowed our pace  to a
   nice even  in and  out and  slowly ground  to a  stop.  I  pulled out of
   Jane's pussy and let Sue suck my  sperm from her cunt as I moved  around
   and  pulled  Jane's  mouth  to  my  cock  forcing it into her throat and
   telling her to suck my cock clean.  We all needed a bit of a break so  I
   got up told the girls to join me in the kitchen for some coffee.

   After a bit of coaxing Sue  and Jane followed me naked into  the kitchen
   and sat as I made  a fresh pot.  Jane and  Sue were still turned on  and
   the conversation soon turned to sex.   I found out that neither of  them
   were regularly bi but they  agreed that they both enjoyed  eating pussy.
   I told them that it was ok  by me and that they looked very  sexy eating
   each others cunts.  I asked them if they had ever had anal sex, hoping I
   would be able to  convince them to try  it out.  Jane blushed  a bit and
   confessed she had and that she did enjoy it some of the time.  Sue  said
   she had taken a few cocks up  her asshole but never had enjoyed it  very
   much.  I told Sue we should try  it but first we needed to get  her very
   excited.  Sue agreed to try it out telling me she did enjoy getting  her
   ass fingered  during sex  but she  was concerned  taking my  cock up her
   tight little  asshole.  All  this hot  conversation was  getting to  the
   three of us and I suggested we all take showers to refresh ourselves and
   see what developed.  Jane who was already fingering her own pussy agreed
   and  we  trooped  off  naked  to  the  bathroom.  Once we had all gotten
   cleaned up we returned to the  living room at Sue's suggestion to  watch
   some x rated videos.   I sat between the  ladies as we watched  the porn
   tapes.  Both Jane and  Sue were very turned  on by the tapes  and I took
   advantage of their excitement fingering their hot wet slits and  sucking
   their tits as we watched the carnal cravings on the screen.  Pretty soon
   we were so involved that no one  was watching the TV and I suggested  we
   return to the bedroom and act out some of the things we had seen on  the
   tape.   Jane  and  Sue  were  all  for  it  so  we shut off the tape and
   scampered naked into Sue's bedroom.

   After some hot licking and fingering  I got Jane up doggy style  and had
   Sue eat Jane's pussy while I lubed up Jane's hot pink asshole with  some
   KY pressing my fingers deep into her pulsing asshole.  My cock was stiff
   and ready and  I moved in  behind Jane and  pressed the head  of my cock
   against her pink puckered anus.  Jane relaxed her sphincter and I slowly
   pressed my  stiff dick  into her  hot tight  asshole.  I  could see  Sue
   watching as my cock slowly pressed up Jane's tight butt filling her  hot
   rectum with my stiff  prick.  Jane was moaning  in pleasure as my  thick
   shaft filled her  tight hot anus  and she called  out to me  to fuck her
   asshole and fill her butt with  sperm.  Sue was licking Jane's wet  slit
   and lashing her stiff clit with  her tongue as she finger fucked  Jane's
   hot wet cunt.  I pounded my cock deep into Jane's pulsing rectum forcing
   my  dick  deep  into  her  bowels  on  each stroke making Jane moan with
   pleasure.  Jane  had her  head buried  in Sue's  hot wet  pussy and  her
   fingers jammed deep in Sue's pink pussy and tight asshole stretching her
   hot holes as she licked Sue's stiff clit.  I reamed my cock up Jane  hot
   tight asshole stretching her pink rimmed anus and filling her hot rectum
   with my stiff prick.  I reached out and grabbed Jane's big tits  pulling
   on her  stiff nipples  as she  moaned and  begged for  my cum.  Jane was
   climaxing almost continually and I was nearing my peak, I saw Sue's legs
   begin to twitch  as her climax  peaked and I  filled Jane's hot  asshole
   with my sperm.  I continued to  stroke my cock up Jane's hot  asshole as
   we wound  down from  our climax.   Jane's asshole  was pulsing around my
   cock and could hear Sue lapping  up Jane's pussy juices and overflow  of
   my sperm  which leaked  out of  Jane's anus.   I pulled  my cock out and
   pressed Jane's  ass down  on Sue's  mouth letting  Sue suck  my cum from
   Jane's hot asshole.   I wanted to  Fuck Sue up  the ass so  I rolled the
   girls on their sides while they  continued to work on each others  pussy
   and assholes licking and fingering their hot holes.  I spread Sue's  ass
   cheeks and  pulled Jane's  fingers out  of Sue's  tight ass.  Sue's pink
   puckered asshole was pulsing as I spread some KY on her and I could tell
   Sue was a bit  apprehensive about taking my  cock up her tight  butt.  I
   slowly fingered Sue's asshole while Jane licked her pussy and sucked  on
   Sue's stiff clit making her moan with pleasure.  I pulled my fingers out
   of  Sue's  asshole  and  pressed  my  stiff  prick against her hot tight
   asshole.  Sue's hot asshole was  resisting my prick as I  slowly pressed
   my stiff prick against her tight anus, I kept up the pressure and slowly
   my prick began  to enter her  tight asshole.  Sensing  her fear I  moved
   slowly and steadily until the head of my prick passed her sphincter.   I
   stopped for a  moment letting her  asshole adjust to  my thick cock.   I
   could tell Sue's asshole was adjusting to my cock and Sue began to  move
   her ass a little pressing my  cock further up her tight rectum.   Seeing
   her resistance fading I pressed my cock up her tight ass slowly until  I
   was deep in her butt my balls pressing against her slippery pussy  lips.
   Sue  was  moaning  loudly  and  urged  me  on telling me to fuck her hot
   asshole and fill her with sperm.  I picked up speed and started to  ream
   her hot asshole with my stiff prick driving my cock up her asshole while
   Jane finger fucked Sue's pussy  and licked Sue's stiff clit.   Sue began
   to climax and  her asshole pulsed  around my cock  as waves of  pleasure
   shook her body.  Finally Sue's tight  hot asshole was more than I  could
   take and as she  and Jane convulsed with  orgasm I climaxed and  shot my
   cum deep in Sue's hot tight butt  filling her rectum with a big load  of
   sperm.  I pulled out and Jane moved quickly licking Sue's stretched anus
   and the overflow of my climax.  I pulled Sue's face from between  Jane's
   leg and kissed her telling her how great it was fucking her tight  butt.
   Sue smiled and told  me she loved it  to and that she  looked forward to
   doing it again.

   I was  pretty wasted  by now  and Jane  got up  to shower saying she was
   running late  and needed  to get  going.  I  helped Jane  get her things
   together  and  as  she  left  she  invited  me to her house the next day
   telling me she  wanted to give  me something special.   I questioned her
   but she remained insistent  that I come over  and find out.  I  promised
   her I  would be  their and  told her  to expect  me about  10:00 in  the
   morning.  After Jane left Sue and  I showered and worked on the  project
   for a few hours.   But sitting around naked  made it a bit  difficult to
   stay totally focused on  our project and we  did manage to get  in a few
   quick tricks while we worked.  I finally left about 5:00 pm after I  had
   fucked Sue doggy style filling both  her pussy and asshole with my  cock
   and shooting my final  load up her hot  tight ass.  I made  arrangements
   with Sue to get  together next Saturday and  left her at her  door naked
   and fingering her slippery sperm ladened pussy.
