Archive-name: 3plus/ovtmboss.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Overtime with the Boss
Also-archived: Series/bus1st04.txt


I was very excited at the prospect of getting together with my new  boss
Jane again and I arrived at her house on Sunday at 10:00am as agreed the
previous day.  The images of the previous day with Jane and Sue ran thru
my mind and I wondered what sexual escapades Jane had planned for today.
I knew Jane really  liked our fucking the  previous day and I  wanted to
get her up doggy style and  fuck her hot pussy and tight  asshole again.
I parked my  car and went  up to the  door my cock  already beginning to
stiffen in anticipation of fucking  and sucking Jane.  I knocked  on the
door and heard voices  inside then the door  opened and Jane greeted  me
and welcomed me in.  Jane was  wearing a sexy robe which showed  off her
ample breasts very nicely.  Once I was in Jane pulled me to her  kissing
me and placing her  hand directly on my  now stiff prick.  I  pulled her
close to me  and ran my  hands down her  back cupping her  tight ass and
pressing her large firm tits into my  chest.  Jane was hot to get it  on
and I knew  I would be  enjoying the day  with her.  Jane  led me to her
kitchen offering me a cup of coffee,  coffee was not what I had in  mind
but figured I was the guest so I would play along.  Jane poured us  some
coffee and I pulled her to me and ran my hand up under her robe.  Jane's
skin was warm and soft and slipped my hand up between her legs until  my
fingers  reached  her  pussy.   Jane  was  already wet with desire and I
spread her  slippery pussy  lips and  worked my  finger up  her hot slit
feeling the heat  of her pussy  envelop my fingers.   Jane moaned and  I
pulled her robe open exposing her  pussy while Jane put her hand  behind
my head and  pressed my mouth  to her belly.   I licked my  way down the
taught belly until I reached her recently shaved pussy lips and began to
lick and suck  her stiff protruding  clit.  Jane's breath  was coming in
short hard gasps and I knew her climax was close, I lashed her big stiff
clit and pressed two fingers up her slippery slit.  Jane began to climax
as I thrust my fingers deep into her sopping pussy and sucked her  stiff
button making her thrust her pussy against my face wetting my face  with
her  sweet  juices.   I  moved  Jane  back  and  sat her on a chair as I
continued to lick her cunt making  her twitch and moan with post  climax
pleasure as I pulled open her  robe exposing her hot body.  I  licked my
way up her belly  and sucked on her  stiff nipples and firm  tits as she
battled to regain her breath.

As Jane  began to  breath slower  I heard  a quite  murmur behind me and
turned to see who was there  half expecting to see Sue.  To  my surprise
there stood a very pretty young girl, she was tall, blond and wearing  a
wispy baby doll pajama  outfit which showed off  her young hot body.   I
was a bit stunned by this turn of events and just looked her over as she
stood before me.  I noticed her hand was on her pussy and her tits which
were clearly visible were showing  stiff nipples attesting to her  level
of  arousal.   Jane  broke  the  trance  like  stare we had developed by
introducing her niece Kim.  Kim had just turned 18 and was staying  with
Jane  in  order  to  attend  an  area  college.  I told Kim she was very
beautiful and asked her if I had embarrassed her by my actions with  her
aunt.  Kim laughed and  moved towards me moving  her hand away from  her
pussy  and  letting  me  see  that  she wasn't wearing any panties.  Her
nicely trimmed pussy was  wet with her own  juices and I reached  out to
her as she moved  confidently towards Jane and  I. I ran my  hand up her
smooth  sleek  leg  and  gently  brushed  my  fingers over her pussy and
between her firm thighs.   Kim knelt next to  Jane and I moving  between
Jane's  wide  open  legs  and  rubbing  her  hands over Jane's belly and
fingering Jane's hot wet cunt.  Jane  told me to strip Kim and  make her
cum, I looked at  Kim and reached for  her young firm tits  cupping them
and rubbing her stiff nipples.  Kim told me to go ahead and that she had
been waiting to get it on with me ever since Jane had told her about our
hot antics the previous day.  I pulled Kim's baby dolls up over her head
leaving her naked  and hot kneeling  between her aunt  Jane's legs.  Kim
had nice firm  breasts capped by  stiff pink nipples  and her hard  flat
belly  terminating  in  a  nice  trimmed  pussy  which was dripping with
anticipation.  I pushed Kim  further between Janes splayed  legs telling
her to lick her aunt to another climax while I pleasured her.  Kim  went
right to work on  Jane's hot cunt spreading  her exposed pussy lips  and
ramming two  fingers up  Jane's still  quivering slit  while she  lashed
Jane's stiff clit with a  talented tongue.  While Kim feasted  on Jane's
pussy I fondled Kim's  full tits and eased  my fingers up her  wet tight
pussy.  Kim was going crazy on Jane's hot cunt and before I could get to
taking my cloths off Jane was  again climaxing this time in her  niece's
mouth.  My cock was nearly coming out of the waistband of my jeans  when
I felt Kim's pussy  begin to spasm so  I frigged her stiff  clit until I
felt her whole body racked  in orgasmic pleasure.  Kim pulled  her mouth
off Jane's slippery twat  and reached out for  me.  I pulled her  up and
held her beautiful body to mine kissing her and licking Jane's sweet cum
off her lips.

As  we  kissed  I  felt  Kim's  hands  working on my belt and opening my
zipper.  Since I knew I was going  to Jane's to fuck I had not  worn any
underwear so my cock sprung out into  Kim's hands as soon as she had  my
zipper down.  Kim grasped  my cock hard and  stroked me along my  entire
ten inches.  Kim looked down then  turned to Jane and told her  how much
she wanted to feel  my big dick up  her pussy.  Jane told  her She would
get  plenty  and  told  Kim  to  suck  my cock.  Kim knelt down and with
remarkable skill  stuffed my  throbbing prick  deep into  her hot little
mouth.  Jane  got up  and stripped  off her  robe and  helped Kim get my
pants off taking my  shoes off while Kim  continued to slide my  cock in
and out of  her tight hot  throat.  By the  time I was  naked I was very
near  to  climax  and  the  site  of  Jane getting down on the floor and
sliding her face under Kim's  hot twat and pulling Kim's  slippery pussy
to her mouth took me over the  top.  I grabbed Kim's head and fucked  my
cock deep into her throat as  my cock exploded filling Kim's hot  little
mouth with a massive load of sperm.  I could feel Kim's throat squeezing
my  cock  as  she  swallowed  my  thick  load  without gagging a bit.  I
continued to thrust my prick into Kim's mouth and throat while I reached
down and twisted her stiff pink  nipples until she began to climax  from
Jane's hot tongue up  her pussy.  My cock  never went down, I  wanted to
fuck Kim  hard and  long and  told the  girls we  should move  to a more
comfortable spot and really get into it.  Jane agreed and we all trooped
back to Jane's bedroom.  Jane pushed Kim back on the king sized bed  and
crawled up between her legs opening  her pussy and began to eat  out her
niece's hot tight slit.  Kim's legs were trembling and I sensed that she
and Jane were  regulars at this,  I needed to fuck some pussy  and since
Jane's ass was up,  open and inviting I  moved in behind her  and licked
her pussy a  bit as I  rammed my fingers  up her hot  twat.  My cock was
stiff and hard and I heard Kim urging me to fuck Jane so I moved up  and
guided my cock up Janes wet waiting pussy.  Jane was very stimulated and
her pussy clamped around my stiff dick as I drove my cock deep into  her
tight wet slit ramming my cock balls deep in Jane's hot pussy with  each
stroke.  Jane's pink puckered ass pulsed as I drove my cock up her pussy
so I licked my finger and  slowly pressed it up her pink  throbbing anus
raising  her  level  of  arousal.   Kim  was  thrashing about under Jane
thrusting her pussy into  Janes face and moaning  that she was about  to
climax.  I increased my tempo determined to bring Jane to climax at  the
same time as she licked Kim to her peak.  Jane's pussy tightened and she
began to cum just as Kim  arched her hips forcing her sweet  blond pussy
into Jane's mouth climaxing and wetting Jane's lips and tongue with  her
sweet thick pussy juices.  The site  of these two hot women twisting  in
climax took me  over the top  and I pumped  a big load  of cum up Jane's
convulsing pussy ramming my spurting tool deep into Jane's hot slit.

We all collapsed  on the bed  stroking each other,  I began to  lick and
suck Kim's young firm tits while she went down on Jane licking  my sperm
from Jane's slippery slit.   I moved down to  Kim's hot little twat  and
licked her still  stiff clit sucking  the engorged button  and fingering
her  tight  vagina.   Pretty  soon  I  began  to get hard again and slid
between Kim's open legs rubbing the head of my prick back and forth over
her cunt and  tight pink anal  pucker.  Jane grabbed  Kim's tits as  Kim
licked  her  pussy  and  told  me  to fuck Kim's pussy.  Spreading Kim's
slippery pink  pussy lips  I pressed  my cock  up her  tight young pussy
stretching her tight young hole and forcing my cock deep into her  tight
vaginal passage until  my balls were  tight against her  hot pussy lips.
Kim looked up from her oral attack on Jane's cunt and begged me to  fuck
her hard so I started to ram my stiff dick in and out of her tight young
cunt making her moan in pleasure  with each long hard thrust.  Jane  was
sucking on Kim's nipples and  squeezing her tits making the  young girls
body shake with passion.  Kim came quickly her pussy throbbing around my
cock as I plunged deep into her sweet young cunt.  I was close to climax
but I wanted to give Kim another climax before I filled her young  tight
pussy with my sperm.  I kept pounding her pussy and spread her ass crack
and began to rub  her tight little asshole.   Kim was moaning again  and
begging me to fill her hot pussy with my sperm.  I pressed my finger  up
Kim's asshole and felt  her convulse with orgasm  just as Jane began  to
moan and  climax in  her niece's  hot mouth.   I pumped  my cock deep in
Kim's quivering cunt and came filling her tight hot pussy with a massive
load of cum.  I  continued to ream Kim's  convulsing slit until all  the
hardness was gone from  my prick and I  finally had to pull  out.  I sat
back and watched as Jane licked  Kim's sperm soaked pussy sucking up  my
cum and swallowing my  jism.  I moved to  Jane's ass and spread  her ass
cheeks  licking  her  tight  pink  anus  as Kim continued to lick Jane's
pussy.  I showed Kim how to  finger fuck Jane's asshole taking her  hand
and forcing  two of  her fingers  up Jane's  hot butt  as Kim  sucked on
Jane's big clit.  Jane climaxed shortly after Kim started to finger fuck
her asshole and Kim  and I enjoyed Jane  grinding out her pleasure.   We
all needed something to drink so I invited the girls back to the kitchen
for some coffee.

While I fixed the coffee the girls rubbed my balls and cock playing with
my ass and cock as I poured  their coffee.  I rubbed the girls tits  and
pulled on their still stiff nipples  as they fondled my cock and  gently
pressed their fingers  up my asshole.   Finally I got  the coffee poured
sat down and asked Jane how long she and her Niece Kim had been  lovers.
Jane told  me she  and Kim  had started  having sex  last month when Kim
first came to live with her.   Both Jane and Kim then related  the story
of how they had come to realize their lust for each other.  Jane told me
she had brought Kim home from the airport and gotten her settled in then
left for a date.  When she arrived home she found Kim in the living room
naked with a dildo  Jane had in her  room still stuffed in  Kim's pussy.
Jane said she realized Kim had  been watching some of her X  rated tapes
on the  VCR and  had found  her dildo  in her  nite stand  and had  just
settled back  and fucked  herself silly  with the  dildo until  she fell
asleep.  Kim confided that  she had also drunk  a bit too much  wine and
the wine in combination of the relaxing effect of many climaxes had  put
her to sleep.  Jane continued the  story telling me how sexy Kim  looked
laying on the sofa her legs open the dildo sticking out of her pussy her
hand cupping her tits.  Jane told me how she sat looking at Kim and  was
overcome by her young beautiful body and aroused by her sexy scent.  Kim
picked up the story telling me how she awoke to find Jane cuddled  naked
next to her her Aunts mouth  gently sucking on her tits and  licking her
nipples as her hand  slowly stroked the dildo  in and out of  her pussy.
Kim confided that at  first she was a  bit shaken to find  her Aunt Jane
sexually arousing her but as Jane continued the erotic feelings Jane was
causing swept over her making her  desire Jane as much as Jane  did her.
Jane told me about  her concern for Kim's  reaction to her advances  but
knew when she felt Kim's hand  move over her pussy that they  were going
to enjoy  a great  relationship.  Kim  detailed how  Jane licked her way
down her belly  until she reached  her pussy and  licked her clit  while
fucking her young hot  cunt with the long  dildo making her climax  over
and over.  Jane smiled  and told me how  Kim took her to  bed and licked
her pussy and finger fucked her  long into the night.  To say  the least
the girls had  gotten me ready  for more hot  sex with their  stories of
their lustfull first meeting.

I suggested  we all  go back  to the  bedroom and  get into some hot sex
again and stood up showing Jane  and Kim how hot their story  had gotten
me.  Kim  reached out  and stroked  my cock  collecting a  few drops  of
pre-cum  from  my  stiff  prick  then  brought  her fingers to her mouth
licking my juices  with obvious lust.   Jane followed Kim's  example and
stroked my stiff  prick causing more  of my clear  juices to flow,  Jane
leaned over to me and licked my  pre-cum from the head of my dick  while
she massaged my now cum filled balls.  I put my hand between Kim's  legs
and rubbed her slit feeling her slick pussy lips separate  and allow  my
probing finger to enter her wet tight vagina.  Jane forced my cock  deep
into her throat and  sucked hard on my  prick stressing her urgency  for
some hot  sex.  I  pulled away  from the  girls and  moved back  towards
Jane's bedroom.  Jane  and Kim followed  me and by  the time we  reached
Jane's bed they  had me on  my back with  my cock in  their mouths.  Kim
shoved my prick deep into her mouth as Jane licked my balls and fingered
my ass pucker.  Kim wanted to fuck  and I told her to get on  top.  Jane
held my cock  in position as  Kim straddled my  stiff prong helping  her
niece to mount  my throbbing cock.   Kim's pussy was  literally dripping
her young sweet pussy juices and  Jane spread Kim's wet cunt lips  as my
cock began  to enter  her tight  sweet twat  stretching her  shaved pink
pussy lips and  entering the tight  mouth of her  hot vagina.  Kim  slid
down my long cock taking my  dick deep up her slippery snatch  until her
pussy lips were pressed  hard against the root  of my dick.  Jane  moved
her pussy over  my face and  I pulled her  hot wet twat  to my lips  and
began to eat her hot wet slit.   Jane ground her hot slit into my  mouth
as Kim began to plunge her hot pussy over my straining cock.  Jane  bent
down and started to lick Kim's stiff exposed clit making her pussy pulse
around my stiff shaft.  Kim began  to climax and her tight pussy  milked
my cock hard making me shoot a big load of cum up her young tight  slit.
Jane's pussy began to gush hot  pussy juice as she climaxed on  my mouth
as I  finger fucked  her asshole  and sucked  her stiff  clit.  Kim kept
right on pounding  my prick deep  up her pussy  while Jane licked  up my
sperm which  overflowed Kim's  tight slit.   Finally Kim  climaxed again
forcing my cock deep into her  cunt ramming the head of my  cock against
her cervix and moaning  and begging me to  pump my sperm her  hot pussy.
As much  as I  wanted to  fill her  hot tight  cunt with  my cum all the
fucking had taken their toll and  I was unable to fill her  pussy again.
Kim  got  off  my  still  stiff  prick  and sucked my cock deep into her
throat, Kim and  Jane sucked my  cock until I  was stiff as  a board and
then Jane  announced that  it was  her turn.   Kim held  my cock as Jane
mounted my dick plunging my hot shaft deep up her pussy.

Once Jane had my cock deeply imbedded up her hot slit Kim slid back  and
planted her sopping slit on my mouth grinding her hot cunt into my lips.
I sucked and licked  Kim's hot pussy while  Jane pounded my cock  up her
pussy climaxing twice before Kim got off and wet my face with her  sweet
pussy juice.   Jane was  determined to  get me  off and  she told Kim to
watch while she showed her how to take cock up her asshole.  Jane  moved
up freeing my cock from her pulsing pussy and told Kim to hold my  prick
straight  up.   I  watched  from  between  Kim's slippery thighs as Jane
spread her ass  cheeks and lowered  her anus down  to my cock.   Kim was
breathing heavy by now and she moaned with Jane as Jane settled down  on
my stiff prick forcing my cock up her slippery asshole.  Seeing that Kim
was  so  turned  on  by  Jane  forcing  my cock into her tight asshole I
reached back  for Kim's  ass and  spread her  cum wet  cheeks and slowly
pressed two fingers up Kim's hot slick asshole.  Jane moved down my cock
with a long  slow push burying  my cock up  her tight pink  asshole as I
rammed my fingers up Kim's virgin anus.  Both Kim and Jane were  moaning
and panting as Jane started to fuck  my cock up her anus with long  slow
strokes stretching her tight butt and forcing my long cock deep into her
rectum.  Kim stuffed two fingers up her Aunts hot pussy and bent to lick
her clit.  This spread Kim's pussy wide open and I began to tongue  fuck
Kim's hot cunt while I finger fucked her hot tight asshole.  Jane  began
to climax and her asshole clamped  around my cock making me cum  filling
Jane's tight butt with a big load of cum.  Kim was right behind Jane and
her pussy and  asshole spasmed together  as her hard  flat belly rippled
with the pleasure of her orgasm.   Jane rode me for a while  longer then
moved off laying on her back  on the bed.  Kim followed Jane  and licked
Jane's hot pussy and  then began to clean  my sperm out of  Jane's still
stretched anus.   I was  very turned  on watching  Kim her tongue laving
Jane's pink puckered asshole while  she finger fucked Jane's hot  pussy.
Watching the girls got  me hard again and  I move in behind  Kim licking
her hot pink anal pucker and frigging her stiff clit.

Jane seeing my erect  cock pulled Kim's head  from between her legs  and
looked longingly into her niece's  lust filled eyes.  "Are you  ready to
try it" Jane asked?   Kim shook her head  yes and Jane looked  at me and
told me Kim wanted her ass fucked.  I nodded my agreement and told  Jane
to get under Kim in a sixty nine position.  As Jane slid under her young
niece  she  told  me  to  go  slow  as  this  would  be Kim's first anal
experience and she wanted  Kim to enjoy it  to the fullest.  Kim  looked
back at me and asked me to go slow until she got use to it, I told her I
would be careful and  promised her she would  enjoy it very much.   Jane
was in position under  Kim and I told  her to help me.   Jane reached up
and spread Kim's ass cheeks as she began to lick Kim's flowing pussy and
suck on the  youngsters stiff clit.   I closed in behind Kim's firm  ass
cheeks  and  gently  pressed  my  cock  up  her  pussy  giving  her some
preliminary strokes up her sopping cunt.  Finally Jane grasped the  base
of my  cock and  forced me  back pulling  my stiff  prick from Kim's hot
cunt.  Jane rubbed the head of my slippery cock against Kim's tight anal
ring and I began to press my stiff cock head against her tight  asshole.
It took  a while  for me  to get  the head  of my  cock past Kim's tight
sphincter without  causing her  pain.  Once  the head  was lodged in her
tight butt I slowly pressed inch after inch into her hot pulsing  rectal
opening until I had all ten inches rammed firmly up her anus.  I began a
slow in and out  motion increasing my thrusts  until Kim was crying  out
with pleasure and demanding I fuck  her ass hard and fast.  My  cock was
growing even longer  because of the  tightness Kim's hot  virgin asshole
and I knew I could not last much longer.  I saw Jane's hand pulled Kim's
face to her wet hot pussy as I rammed my cock even deeper into Kim's hot
bowels making her climax  and buck her hot  asshole onto my prick.   Kim
was cumming hard and fast experiencing multiple climaxes as I rammed  my
tool up her hot ass spraying  my sperm deep into her tight  hot asshole.
Jane got carried away by the hot scene of my cock ramming up her niece's
tight asshole and began  to buck and twist  under Kim her climax  taking
over her entire body.   I reamed Kim's hot  pink asshole for a  bit more
until her strength gave out and she collapsed on Jane totally spent from
her first anally induced orgasm.  I  watched for a while as Jane  licked
my sperm  from Kim's  tight butt  laving her niece's stretched pink anal
ring and collecting my sperm on her tongue.

Finally I  got up  and went  to the  bathroom to  clean up.   I wet some
towels and  came back  to the  bedroom and  spread Jane  and Kim's  legs
washing their  cunts and  assholes with  gentle strokes.   Jane and  Kim
grabbed me and spread my legs  while Kim sucked my cock Jane  licked and
fingered my asshole until my cock finally came around again.  Jane  then
joined Kim and shared my cock sucking me and shoving their fingers up my
asshole until I came again all over their faces and in their hot mouths.
We all rested for  a while and then  repeated the scene again  spreading
Jane's legs and licking  her cunt and asshole  until Kim and I  made her
climax and licked up  her juices.  Kim then  demanded her turn and  Jane
and I  complied licking  Kim to  a final  climax and  lapping up all her
sweet pussy juices.  Jane and Kim were exhausted as was I and we knew we
would be getting together again soon so I told Jane I had to go and made
arrangements to meet them again during the week.  Kim told me she had  a
friend that she had  introduced to Jane and  wanted me to meet.   I told
her I would gladly oblige any time.   Kim rubbed her ass a bit and  told
me her friend Beth would like to have her ass fucked.  I nodded saying I
would  look  forward  to  our  next  session.   After a bit more playful
touching I dressed and headed for home.  Jane and Kim saw me to the door
and kissed me telling me how much  fun our day had been and I  told them
how much I appreciated their sexy  antics.  To top the day off  Jane and
Kim stood by the door naked and fingered each others pussies telling  me
they would keep each other heated up until our next encounter.

--
