Archive-name: School/oweekslt.txt
Archive-author: J. Verhagen
Archive-title: O-Week Sluts


  --------------------------------------
  Warning - The following story contains:
  bondage, bestiality, lesbianism,
  black humour, etc...
  If this is not for you, please skip
  the remainder of this posting.

                           O-WEEK SLUTS
                       A Ridiculous Tale by
                            J. Verhagen

 It was another O(rientation)-WEEK at W______. Throngs of youthful
 Frosh came to buy purple T-shirts, wear purple baseball caps, dip
 their arms in purple paint and act like the bunch of  purple  re-
 tards  that  they were. Soon we would see nubile young tarts with
 pert breasts - no bra support needed - parading  around,  proudly
 displaying  "Fuck  Me"  slogans  spray painted on their chests by
 their exuberant and slightly drunk peers.  Someone would write in
 to  the  Gazette:  "I found that T-shirt disgusting - how can any
 one respect you (you slut)". There would  be  many  replies  from
 irate  female  students, who felt - rightly - that they should be
 able to act like sluts without being called one.

 A while ago, the prez - tyrant that he was - decided  to  shorten
 O-WEEK.  No  one  would have it - no-siree! Elephantine sophomore
 tarts roamed the U__ patio, wearing shades  and  shouting  O-WEEK
 O-WEEK, big red lips making an exaggerated "O" as they mooned for
 the news photographers.

 But there were guys there too; tall preppy fags  wearing  bermuda
 shorts, shades, and freudian phallic symbol baseball caps; not to
 mention making the same big Os with their mouths. They needed  O-
 WEEK.  I  mean,  how  else  could they get laid?  They needed new
 naive babes to pull the same stunts;  get  them  drunk  on  their
 back,  legs spread, saying shit like "I'll marry you, etc" - any-
 thing to get them to drop their droors; feeding their own  pinky-
 sized dicks into tight unwilling slits, tossing the babes out the
 front door - like sluts - sans clothes when done. Or  maybe  they
 would keep them around, trade them like baseball cards with their
 drinking buddies, or shove them in a closet somewhere while  they
 went  out  and  found some new pieces of feminine action to stick
 their microscopic dicks into.

 "It's amazing; If they're in different  programs,  they'll  never
 meet",  says  one tall blonde fag with a dildo head preppy hairdo
 to his buddy. "Yeah", laughing, says the other, "it's really easy
 to have more than one GIRLFRIEND here!"

 "But I love you!", wailed the tall blonde, making a big scene  in
 the  Nat  Sci  building. The guy is looking around all nervous at
 the 50+ people walking by, giving the couple stares. "AND YOU AL-
 WAYS  LOVE  HER!".  He calms her down, walks her out the building
 and then takes off at full speed, bermuda shorts flapping in  the
 breeze!  And  she's  chasing him, at full speed, until she hits a
 rock and winds up on the pavement with a mouthful of gravel,  and
 hot wet tears of complete humiliation running down her cheeks.

 "Hot Wet and Salty!", the babes in the  O-WEEK  team  shouted  in
 unison,  youthful  lungs  giving  vent to sexual frustration; the
 itch between their pretty thighs telegraphing  FUCK  ME  FUCK  ME
 FUCK  ME  in  secret  pheremonal codes to every (pseudo) guy in a
 five block radius.

 And then, there were the guys: O-WEEK instructors waiting for the
 chance  to  get  these young babes - now so far from home - alone
 and drunk in a wonderful her-word-against-his  setting  for  some
 real  orientation  into  the  life of a W______ chick. There were
 other guys too;  young  ones  hoping  to  meet  someone  special,
 genuine  Frosh; but what girl would choose that over the charisma
 and sheer charm of a knowledgeable instructor?  Fuck  you,  she's
 thinkin'  as  she  eyes  these  dweebs in purple shirts. Soon she
 would, after having fucked everyone else in town. The funny thing
 is,  is  that she'll be drunk most of the time and won't remember
 half of it.

 The frat boys were jacking off in a circle onto a loaf of  bread.
 The  loser - the one who comes last - gets the sheer privilege of
 consuming the jizz.  Oooh Oooh Oooh, they  chant,  working  erect
 members,  eyeing  each-other's  dicks.  Truly this was a game for
 fags. I mean, what normal guy could come quickly with a bunch  of
 nude guys around starin at his prick?

 And then there was the  thumb-butt-circle  game,  where  everyone
 stands in a circle, thumbs in eachother's butts, marching around.
 Ooops! Did your thumb come out? - Geee, I guess  you'll  have  to
 put  it  in your mouth, and use the other one.  If that one comes
 out, you lose, and have to service the whole gang. Have fun.  Did
 I  mention something about frat boys having homosexual tendencies
 - Paddling eachother's butts with pledge paddles, dressing up  in
 women's lingerie, frequently dropping the soap in the locker room
 shower to admit... Naw, not me!

 But let's get on with today's nasty adventure. It happened at the
 Z__ (local name for a certain sleazoid residence on campus)

 Lisa was in her room, drunk and fingering her slender pink pussy,
 eyeing  some  positively  sinful  magazine her roomate Sheri left
 behind. "Oooooh", she squeeled looking at the pictures of  people
 in  various positions, genitalia - the gear works of reproduction
 - exposed in various modes of relating. One showed a black  chick
 with  a  dildo up her ass sucking some guy's massive prick, while
 another guy, this one being under her, had his cock up her pussy.
 An  Asian girl in the picture lent a hand to working the dildo up
 the black chick's ass and was being penetrated from behind  by  a
 large  black labrador, its big pink tongue hanging out. And there
 was another guy - in Nazi regalia of  all  things  -  riding  the
 black   girl   backwards  and  visibly  wacking  the  Asian  with
 outstretched riding crop, the girl who was - besides getting some
 doggy action - also sucking him off.

 "Fuckin Unbelievable!", Lisa squeeled; and  that  was  the  least
 elaborate  one!  There  was a whole book full of these, each more
 implausible than the one preceding. Her fingers worked her  moist
 pussy as she turned the page...

 Suddenly, Sheri walks in. "he he he", the more mature babe chuck-
 les,  eyeing  Lisa's  form and evident distress at having been so
 suddenly disturbed. "shit", Lisa exclaims, reaching for her  pan-
 ties  -  a bit too late for Sheri who had by this time dumped the
 contents of her brown bag - dildos, whips, sex toys, etc  -  onto
 the bed beside our precious little Frosh sweety.

 But that's not all: Three completely naked guys suddenly  rounded
 the  corner  too  and  helped  Sheri tie the now struggling Lisa,
 spead-eagled, butt in the air, to the bed with big  white  ropes.
 "Hey!",  she  exclaimed,  not  entirely sure she was digging this
 stuff; but soon she couldn't say anything; mostly because of  the
 gag  ball  that someone shoved in her mouth. She noticed that one
 of them had a camera...

 They took turns mounting her from behind after lubing  her  pussy
 and anus with gobs of gelatinous cream; having also shoved a pil-
 low under her firm tummy to maintain that special angle  so  cru-
 cial to rear entry. Flashbulbs went off as they experimented with
 plugging her orifices with dildos and engorged penises, rearrang-
 ing  the ropes every now and then to make for new and interesting
 pictures. They all wore black ski-masks - a secret  turn  on  for
 Lisa.

 Sheri, by this time, had gotten really horny. "Eat me!", she  ex-
 claimed  as she proferred her steaming pussy to the ministrations
 of Lisa - our little Frosh sweety who was by this  time  somewhat
 tuckered  out  from  all  the  attention she was getting. She was
 surprised by her room-mate's actions but was even more  surprised
 by  the  fact  that she was enjoying it completely! She had never
 done this before, but she was already looking forward  to  future
 encounters with her roomate - soaping her body in the tub, giving
 her massages, pressing moist mound against moist mound, etc.

 But that wasn't the biggest surprise of the evening. No, the  big
 surprise  was  when she felt herself mounted by some snorting an-
 imal: It was FIDO, THE CHEERLEADING TEAM MASCOT, pumping away  at
 her  rear,  letting out a low howl, and eventually shooting a hot
 thick stream of dog jizz up her recently deflowered puss.  Flash-
 bulbs  recorded  this moment for posterity, as Lisa felt  herself
 sink into the bed under the enormous weight of the animal's form,
 its  claws  digging  into  her  shoulders, its fuzzy hindquarters
 tickling her butt.

 Lisa had many more memorable adventures at this  institution  for
 higher  learning, but this was her first - her first taste of the
 life of  an  intellectually  inclined  woman  on  campus.  Truly,
 thought  Lisa,  this was an O-WEEK to remember. She couldn't wait
 to cram for finals.

--
