The first time I saw him when he belonged to me he was wearing a plain black
t-shirt and black jeans.  He was, for 24 hours, my property.

He didn't seem too pleased about it, but then again he was always scowling. 
Ever since the first time I saw him at the club and decided I wanted him. 
Ever since the first time I masturbated to his image. 

At the club I knew I wanted him, and I pursued him, not intently but with
mild interest, on and off for a few months.  We had a mutual friend,
however, and the friend thought my ideas were entertaining.  But when 
he told Jason about them, Jason scoffed.

"Jason isn't into S&M.  He said he doesn't get it," Alan told me.

I just shrugged and sipped my drink, watching Jason writhe on the dance
floor.  "Anyone that can writhe like that, "I pointed out to Alan, "is born
to be dominated."

Alan laughed.  That was a month before I owned Jason.  For one day.

The night before I owned Jason I held a silly ritual in my room, fantasizing
about his helpless image as I writhed in my sheets naked.  My candle light
bubble bath with faint "something i can never have" playing in the
background.  And that grin.  Oh, how I had waited.

Jason had lost a bet.  Alan adored me.  This simple turn of events became
sinister for Jason, because this meant he was mine, for 24 hours.  Alan
thought this was hysterical because he was hot for S&M;  Jason thought this
was a big joke.  But he shrugged it off.  "I'm not afraid of her" he told
Alan.

*****

"He says he isn't afraid of you, " Alan smiled.

I choked on my drink and laughed.  "Well, why do I feel the need to change
that suddently?"  I shook my head.  "damn, what a challenge."

"He said no sex."

I laughed out loud and watched Jason from across the club.  My precious
slave, my soon to be property.  "Is he actually that pretentious?  he
thinks I want to fuck him?  Boy, is he going to be surprised."

Alan laughed and drank, looking at me with a smirk.  After a long silence he
turned and said softly, "I want every last detail."

*****

When Jason came out of his house with his overnight bag over his shoulder I
noticed he kept his head down.  Ashamed perhaps, or thinking.  He opened the
door and got into my car, tossing his stuff into the backseat.

For the first time, ever, we were alone.  We had never even had a
conversation.

"Hello Jason."

"Hello Akasha.  Or should I call you...'Mistress?'" he mocked, not looking
at me.

I smiled and started the engine.  "Don't be sarcastic."

He had no idea where we were going, and that was the beauty of it.  No idea. 
And I had such plans for him.

*****

When he saw that we were at the airport he looked at me.  "Alan said 24
hours." he said to me.  "I need to be back for work by 1 tomorrow."

I avoided the urge to look at him, to just soak in his beautiful image.  I
kept my eyes on the road.  "I know that.  Trust me, I'm not taking you out
of the country. I'll have you back in plenty of time."

Jason looked back out the window as I parked in long-term parking and told
him to get his things.  It was cool outside, a perfect afternoon, and out of
the corner of my eye I could see him looking at me suspiciously.  Of course,
this only excited me more.

*****

"San Francisco?" he peered at the terminal as we walked to the gate.  I
handed two tickets to the gate attendant and looked at him, smirking.

"So you can read?" I teased.  "And I thought you could only dance."

He scoffed and followed me onto the plane, and I think for the first time he
was slightly impressed, perhaps nervous.  Maybe this is when he realized I
didn't just plan to take him to my place and tie him to a chair and fuck
with him.  I think he realized then that I was looking for something much
deeper.

*****

On the plane was the first time I started looking at him.  Yes, it
was him.  He was sitting next to me, and I was hungry. When he fastned his
seatbelt I fought the urge to lean over and hiss into his ear, "tighter, my
little pet".  I fought to stay normal, pleasant. I wanted to lay it all on
him at once.

But when he leaned back and yawned I watched his chest move and it made me
shiver.  He lowered his eyes and took a magazine from in front of him. I
looked away and pulled my novel up, opened it, and pretended to read.

Out of the corner of my eye I watched him move his feet.  First one crossed
the other, then the opposite.  Then he placed them side by side.  I found
myself imagining shackles around them.  He was so..fidgety. Even the
seatbelt seemed to annoy him.  Oh, how he must hate to be restrained, I
thought to myself.

I wanted to get a blanket, I wanted to hide in my own lap and slide my
fingers under my skirt where no one could see. I could look at him through
the corner of my eye and masturbate to the image of him next to me, knowing
what plans I had. 

But instead I pretended not to notice him, staring at my book, not even
wondering if he would question why I never turned one page during the 50
minute flight.

*****

In the taxi I leaned forward, without warning, and whispered into his ear,
"You know you are my property."

He breathed in, his eyes lowered.  "Yes, I know.  I know the rules."

I reached up and for the first time slid a hand into his hair behind his
neck.  He shut his eyes and I felt my heart pounding.  Bliss, pure bliss,
the touch of his hair for the first time, and it was mine  It belonged to
me, like his eyes, his mouth, his tongue, his cock.

"Open your mouth," I said without warning.  I even startled myself.

He kept his eyes shut and opened his mouth slowly but without hesitation.

I shivered, I cringed in my own delirium.  I could have slid him down in the
backseat and nailed him right there.  He waited patiently with his lips
parted as I lifted a finger as if to see if the image was real, tracing them
gently over his bottom lip first.

His eyes remained closed and he didn't move.

Finally he said, quietly, "Where are you taking me?"

That line.  He had no intention, but it pushed me.  He probably heard me
sigh into his ear, sigh with desire.  Maybe that is when he started to learn
how to push my buttons.  Or maybe he was honestly curious.

*****

First we stopped at a fetish clothing store downtown. I led him inside,
taking him by the wrists and guiding him.  I picked out racks of
clothing and made him try them all on as I sat regally waiting for him.

I made him turn around, I made him show me his ass.  After awhile he almost
chuckled as I think he was amused at how I oohed and ahhed over how he
looked.  Deep down Jason was a ham, and just as he loved to be watched when
he danced, he loved to be watched when he showed me his body adorned in
fetish clothes.

He pressed his palms to the full length mirror and leaned into it, looking
at me over his shoulder as he stood in skin tight black pvc pants and a
loose fitting black vest and gloves.  

"You look, " I shook  my head in disbelief, "totally hot."

He smirked at me, and showed off some more, then started laughing.

Without words I took out my credit card and handed it to the woman at the
counter, looking at my watch and knowing we had no time to waste.

*****

After purchasing his slut-clothes I took him to the hotel where I had
reservations, made him change into his new wardrobe, then waited with my
camera.

No pictures had not been a rule, but he looked obviously uneasy when he saw
the camera.  I just pointed at a chair across from me and told him to sit,
put his hands behind the chair, and spread his legs.

He tossed the hair out of his face and sat down without hestiation,
spreading his legs so the pvc almost creaked. The sound, the sight of it
made me very hot, just watching him there, posing for me.

He looked very serious, almost resentful as he posed for me, his eyes never
on the lens.  He wet his lips, he ran his hands through his hair. He started
to blantantly tease. He shut his eyes and ran his tongue across his teeth,
arching his back as if in pain in the chair.

"You little cocktease," I hissed from behind the camera.

"Isn't this what you wanted?" he snapped, dropping to his knees in front of
the chair and running his hands down his thighs, then up his crotch. 
"MISTRESS Akasha?"

I lowered the camera and stared at him.  "You do realize," I started slowly,
"That I have not done one dominant thing to you?"

He scoffed at me, running both hands through his hair, "Sure, making me wear
these clothes, making me pose for you.  make me show you my 
'ass'" he mocked.  "I would be doing all these things so willingly."

I ignored him, I looked through the lens and took a picture of my gorgeous
property.  "This is nothing," I said simply.  "You have no idea."

*****


It was 9pm when we arrived standing on Sandra's porch.  My heart was
pounding because I knew this was when I really began.  My slut stood next to
me with his hands behind his back as ordered - he had no idea where we were.  

After I rang the doorbell I ordered, "Put your head down, slut."

He obeyed without a word, standing so handsomely in his black shiny skin
tight outfit, his gloves snug as his hands clasped one another.

Sandra opened the door, beautiful in a long elegant dress.  Her long hair
was hanging down over her shoulders, golden blonde and framing her breasts. 
I stepped forward without hesitation, took her into my arms, and we kissed
deeply.

I had no doubt his eyes must have wandered during our long embrace, but I
didn't look. I was much to engulfed in her tongue, her mouth, the feel of
her breasts pressed against mine.

Finally I stepped back and put a hand under Jason's chin, lifting his head
so he faced her.  "Jason, this is Miss Sandra, my dear friend, my lover, and
a well respected professional Dominatrix."

Jason stared at her, then at me, and without hesitation Sandra stepped one
foot forward, took him by the hair, and forced him to his knees.

I flinched as he did.

She awwww'd and pushed down so his head was at her feet and I just looked at
her, aroused, wanting her and wanting him.  I was a mess.  Just seeing him
submit, seeing her nails in his neck, I was lost.  

"Ready to see my dungeon, little pet?" she smiled down at him.

His hands were still behind his back, his black-gloved fingers wrapped up in
one another.  I was aching.

*****

Watching Sandra restrain him made me weak to the knees.  I just stood there,
leaning against the rack, mystified with how she terrified him.  Oh, the
fear in his eyes.  Watching her lock his wrists into hanging shackles from
the ceiling, watching her slide her hands down his body, over his crotch,
tightening her grip until he gasped in pain and looked at me for help.

I smiled at him and felt the urge to strip naked, lay across the rack, and
touch myself as I watched my lover torture him.

I am not much of a sadist myself, while I love to see men in pain.  So this
was perfect for me, arranging to see Sandra discipline him, perhaps offer me
the whip later, or even leave him sobbing in my arms.

This is all I had wanted and more.

I told her I wanted to see more of his chest and she moved the chains back
so he was strained, his chest forward.  He winced in pain and gritted
through clenched teeth as I stepped over and walked around him.  I moved my
hands over his body as Sandra locked a spreader bar to his ankles, spreading
his legs painfully,

From behind him I took his head, pulled it back, bit his neck, and
whispered, "Tell Sandra what a slut you are,"

Sandra pulled a whip of the rack and stepped next to me.

Jason struggled, teeth clenched, breath ragged.  He was shaking.  I pressed
my body into his to feel him shaking even more, to feel close.  My eyes were
closed, my mouth at his neck, feeling his pulse.  My hand wandered
instinctively up his neck, over his face.  It clasped over his nose and
mouth so he couldn't breathe.  I was getting lost.  Headspace.  All I knew
was his writhing against me as I pressed closer to him, my other hand moving
down over his crotch, gripping the slick black material, skin tight.

My mind switched to fucking, I wanted him. I pushed back the sexual thoughts
as I felt hands on my body, and I knew they were not his.  Sandra was behind
me, her mouth on my neck.  I pulled my head back and gave her access, loving
her scent, the feel of her breasts in my back.  And in front of me, my
prized possession, strung up and vulnerable.

His hands were tightly wound around the chains above his head, his wrists
twisting against the restraint.  My writhing club slut was behaving just as
I had always imagined, and it turned me on more than anything.

I was aware of Sandra's hands moving up my skirt, easing down my panties. I
was pressed close to Jason, against his back, my hands moving down his
chest.  I was, needless to say, overstimulated.  Dominance, lust.  Torn
between dominating Jason, making love to Sandra.  Watching Sandra dominate
Jason.  So many options, and all I was aware of was how his chest expanded
against my arms wrapped tightly around him.

I shivered when Sandra's fingers made her way inside of me, backing off of
Jason.  His head tossed back, he looked over his shoulder at us as I moved
away, his breath coming in timid gasps.

"I.." I hesitated and turned to my beautiful dominatrix.  "I need to go
change..."

She looked at me and smiled softly.  "You ok?" she asked, holding my hand. 

I smiled and glanced at Jason but couldn't handle the mere sight of him.  "I
just need to get into my dom clothes.  Then I will be fine."

Sandra leaned to me and we kissed, and I could hear Jason say out loud, to
himself, "dom clothes?"

*****

In the side dressing room I fumbled around, half-masturbated and half
dressed. I was eager to get back to my toy and my lover, but at the same
time I was bordering on non-functionality due to lust.  I talked out loud to
myself, questioning why I was having such a hard time keeping it together.

As I slid into my stockings and boots, as I saw how powerful my hands and
fingers looked in the black gloves, my confidence came back in waves.  My
little club toy, I shut my eyes and remembered his teasing, mocking image. 
My toy, indeed.

Finally, I thought to myself as I watched my clenched fist, how hot it
looked in the shiny black material, you are mine.

*****

When I returned to the dungeon floor I saw Jason looking at Sandra, his head
over his shoulder then over the other shoulder to watch her pace, her whip
dragging the floor. He re-gripped the chains and looked at me, up and down,
then swallowed.

Perhaps the sight of my in my dom clothes, my high boots and gloves, perhaps
that's what made him even more nervous.   He was used to seeing me in
flirtacious club clothes.  He was used to not being afraid of me.

I walked up slowly with a glass of water in my hand, raising it to my red
lips.  I drank, slowly, watching him as Sandra paced behind him, moving to
put her hands on his ass.

The reaction in his face was sweet, the way he blinked and tensed as she
rubbed him, looking at him, commenting to me, "What a fine ass this boy
has."

She was sliding her whip under his crotch and he stood on his toes as I
drank, watching him, as if amused at his total helplessness to two vixens.

Without warning I lifted the glass, slowly, raising it above his head and
pouring it over him.  He gasped and writhed, shaking the water from his
hair.  I put the glass down and moved both hands up in his hair, soaking it
in, holding his head still as I worked it in. 

His face wet, his lashes damp, his hair in his face..he looked so much like
the boy I had stalked.  With his face held snug in my hands I leaned
forward, shutting my eyes, and put my mouth firmly on his.

The kiss was forceful on my part and I expected him to try to turn away. 
But he responded, clumsy, like the inexperienced schoolboy I had imagined. 
His body and mouth tensed with Sandra's toying with his crotch behind him,
and the slight whimper he managed served to fuel my fire.

As I continued the kiss, now long, my tongue in his mouth as I held his head
still with my hands, I heard Sandra comment, "Maybe a paddle on this ass
would be more fun than a flogging, what do you think, Akasha?"

I broke the kiss to respond and Jason let out his breath, uttering, "Don't
hit me, I don't want that..."

I ran my finger over his pretty wet lips, pressing my breasts into his
chest.  "Look over at Sandra and tell her how much you'd love to have her
paddle on your ass, Jason."

He shut his eyes hard and muttered, "FUCK,"

I pulled his hair until he gasped in pain and Sandra chuckled, tightening
her gloves.  "Akasha, why not take turns fucking him?"

"No sex,"I replied, fingering his hair as the wince left his face.

Sandra smiled at me.  "Who said anything about sex?"

I took him by the chin and turned it toward Sandra so he was looking over
his shoulder.  "Tell her what you want, slutboy."

I slid my other hand down his body, over his ass, to his crotch. I gripped
him hard until he gasped in pain, snapping, "Go ahead, use the -- AH  -- use
the paddle!"

I let go and he gasped again, "Fuck!" as Sandra walked over to get a paddle
from the rack.

"Bring a gag while you're at it, "I called to her, turning his face toward
me.  "Bad mouth you got there, Jason."

He bit his lip and shook the wet hair from his face.  I again moved up
close to him, my hands around the back of his neck, savouring how his body
felt pressed against mine as Sandra rummaged through her toys.

His breath was hot, coming in shakey gasps.  He was so scared, I could
tell,but his cock was rock hard through his pants.  I found myself rubbing
against it hungrily, and he intently stared into my eyes.

When Sandra's steps approached behind him he said softly to me, "I don't
want to be gagged."

I gave him a pouty look as I extended my hand to Sandra.  She put a ballgag
into my hand and I looked at it.  "Do you have a cockgag? A big one? I want
him sufficiently muzzled."

"Picky, picky!" she laughed at me and walked away again as I looked at the
ballgag right in front of him.

His eyes fell to it and he sighed, pulling at the chains.  "I'm about to be
beaten, I'm wearing these clothes for you, is it too much to ask you don't
shove something into my mouth?"

I mmmmd as I pressed my lips against his neck, then ear, whispering,
"Consider yourelf lucky, I would *love* to have something in my mouth,",
sliding down his body, moving my mouth close to him.  I moved down lower,
holding him by the hips, pressing my mouth against his skin tight pvc pants,
nuzzling his cock, then licking up slowly over the bulge in his pants.

He tensed and stood on his toes, shivering, then pressing his crotch toward
me, gasping, "oh...god...shit.." 

Sandra peered around and looked down at me.  "Akasha! You little whore!
Look at you, girl."

I looked up at her and smiled as she lifted a handful of gags in my
direction.  "I have them all, "she smiled.

Poor Jason as he looked at them one by one while she handed them to me over
him.  Ballgags, cockgags, inflatable latex gags.  Muzzles, bits, ring gags.

"Wow, "I commented, looking through them one by one as he watched.  "Which
do you want, Jason?"

He looked at them solemnly and said softly, "Whatever happened to a
handkerchief."

As if on cue, Sandra tossed a scarf over him at me and I caught it.  I
smiled and held it up, "Is this what you want?"

He looked at it, then over his shoulder at Sandra as she eyed her paddle
admirably.  He looked back at me.  "I'd rather not be gagged at all, but
that would be the best."

WHACK! 

Jason gasped in pain, startled, and threw his head back at Sandra.

She waved the paddle at him, "That's for fucking around.  Akasha, shove the
ballgag into this sorry slut's mouth so I can start with his ass.  I'm
getting tired of his whining!"

I leaned up and kissed him softly on the lips as he turned back, whispering,
"sorry baby, she is, after all, my lover."  

When I forced the ballgag into his mouth he tried to pull away, moaning in
discomfort, making me ache with desire.  I held him still and locked the
buckle tight, ordering him as I did, "You keep your eyes on me as she
paddles you, don't shut them, and don't look away.  I want to see it in your
eyes."

He moaned and bit down hard on the gag, re-tightening the grip on the chains
above him, throwing his head back for a moment.

I took him by the hair and made him look at me, gripping him tight.

The first time she hit him he nearly broke the ballgag with the force of his
jaw.  The tension in his face was astounding, but he had trouble looking at
me.  He shut his eyes hard and I tightened the grip in his hair, hissing,
"LOOK HERE".

As Sandra continued he began to whimper, his eyes red, his lashes damp.

After the fourth blow Sandra gritted her teeth at me, "Let's peel this shit
off of him, I want to see the welts."

Jason whimpered and his eyes begged me, truly begging, as I held his face in
my hands.  "No," I objected, "Leave him be for now."

He shut his eyes slowly, graciously, until the next swat came and his brows
moved down in pain.

Sandra was truely enjoying the beating she was giving him, eyeing me sweetly
from behind him. I could tell she was also enjoying the effect it had on me,
how I pressed into him to hold him still, holding his face in my hands as
his tears started sliding down my gloves.

I lifted a hand to motion her to stop, reaching back to remove the ball gag. 
Sandra sighed contently and set down the paddle, walking back toward her
toys and leaving us alone.

Jason half sobbed when the gag came loose, looking at me then looking down.

"You ok?" I asked softly, wiping tears from under his eyes.

He lifted his head slowly and looked up, struggling to say, softly, "It
hurts.."

I felt myself starting to shake with guilt, but I held his face and kept my
composure. "It's ok angel, you're beautiful, you did so well.  Sandra is
ruthless, I know."

"I heard that!" Sandra shouted from across the room, "Bitch!" she added with
a chuckle.

Jason half laughed and half sobbed, then threw his head down against me and
started crying hard. 

I had no idea what to do.  In all my years of experience this had never
happened to me, probably due to my lack of serious pain play. I looked at
Sandra desperately and she nodded reassuringly.

"He'll be fine," she said quietly as she stepped over next to me.  She lifted
his face in her hands, "You ok there Jason?"

He looked at her with a strange look of fear...fear and adoration almost. I
looked at her and then at him.  She was smiling, and he was breathing
shakily.  Her hand was around my waist and we all three stood so close,
something was just magic at that moment.

When Sandra turned to me I leaned to her without hesitation and we kissed,
deeply, slowly.  It was so much like the first time I had ever kissed her,
years before in a dark san francisco restaurant.  I was exhausted, aching,
and I hadn't even laid a hand on him.

We parted and Sandra smiled at me, stroking my cheek.  "He said no sex," she
said softly, smiling at him, then at me.  "But he didn't mention anything
about us."

I heard a murmur of contained lust from Jason as Sandra's hands slid down my
body, then up to unsnap my corset.

I smiled, looked at him, then at her.  "Yes...you're right," I agreed as I
took her into my arms and moved with her to the floor at his feet.

All I heard as we slid together was the rattling of his chains as he
strained to be free.
