
From ddaily@digiforest.com Fri Sep 13 16:33:48 1996
Path: azea.digiforest.com!cam-news-feed1.bbnplanet.com!delphi.com!news-feed.iguide.com!imci2!pull-feed.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!howland.erols.net!news-peer.gsl.net!news.gsl.net!ix.netcom.com!news
From: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: stoy1.txt  My Daughter, My SexToy   (Mf, pedo, cons)
Date: Tue, 10 Sep 1996 22:30:26 GMT
Organization: Rosa Lopez Inc ( RLI Industries)
Lines: 634
Message-ID: <514qaf$dm1@dfw-ixnews9.ix.netcom.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dfw-tx18-09.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Tue Sep 10  5:32:47 PM CDT 1996
X-Newsreader: Mr Double Agent        

Archive-name: Family/stoy1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: My Daughter, My SexToy - 1


    "Oh god, here she is again", I mumbled to myself as Cheryl, my 
    fifteen year old daughter walked down the stairs into the living 
    room where I was sitting on the couch.  She was wearing a short 
    white T-shirt, and a pair of pale pink nylon panties, trimmed with

    lace; nothing else.  As she came down the stairs, her young 
    breasts, firm as they were, could not resist bouncing, proving to 
    anyone who watched that she was wearing nothing to support them 
    under the T-shirt.  

    My wife and I had separated two years ago and, since that time, 
    Cheryl had been spending every other weekend, some vacations, and 
    the occasional weekday evening with me.  Before we split up, it 
    was normal for my wife to wander around the house wearing very 
    little, and Cheryl had easily adopted her habit.  As Cheryl grew 
    older, however, and especially after my separation, the sight of 
    her young, almost naked body had become very disconcerting.  To 
    make matters worse, she seemed to revel in the discomfort she was 
    obviously causing, enjoying the look on my face when she flashed 
    herself in front of me.  

    I watched from the corner of my eye as she wandered into the 
    kitchen, and then reappeared a few seconds later with a glass of 
    O.J.  Her legs were long and tan, her long blonde hair framed her 
    pretty freckled young face and, goddammit, her nipples were hard 
    against the white T-shirt.  As my eyes moved down her body, passed

    the short shirt, I noticed that the panties were tight against her

    crotch, clearly showing the bulge of her mons and pussy lips.  A 
    few curly blonde hairs escaped around the edges of the lace.  Back

    to her face, I noticed her smile as she watched me watch her; my 
    cock, already hard, grew again as I blushed slightly under her 
    gaze.  

    "Daddy, do you think I'm fat?", she asked, running her free hand 
    up under the T-shirt and exposing her belly.  

    "Of course not, baby, you know you're not" I replied, staring not 
    at her stomach, but at her now completely exposed crotch, and the 
    fine blonde hairs which were now visible through the almost 
    transparent lace front panel of her panties.  Seeing where my 
    attention was, she moved her hand down and inside the front of the

    lace waistband, pulling it out from her body.  "Do you like them, 
    Daddy, they're new?"  she asked, smirking.  

    "U-ugh, yes, they, umm, are very pretty, babe, but aren't they a 
    little tight?"  I replied.  Her hand had caused the crotch to 
    become even tighter, and I stared as it very slightly disapeared 
    between the lips of her pussy.  

    "Oh, no, I like them like this," she said, "in fact, I have some 
    even tighter, they make me feel good when they're tight!".  I 
    continued to stare as she pulled at the waistband again, the nylon

    began to slip into her cunt and more of her puffy young pussy lips

    became visible at the sides.  

    Turning her back to me, she ran her hand under one leg of the 
    panties and exposed her butt-cheek.  "What about my ass, Daddy, is

    it too fat?"  

    I swallowed as I stared her her half naked butt, her fingers 
    moving in the crack of her ass as she held the nylon out of the 
    way.  "No, your ass is beautiful, baby, now go and finish getting 
    ready for your date before I slap it for you!", I said, in mock 
    anger.  She giggled and, running back up to her bedroom, shouted 
    "Oh, you wouldn't do that to me, would you, Daddy?"  

    I had only just began to recover my composure when I heard her 
    calling for me from her bedroom.  "Now what?", I wondered as I 
    climbed the stairs.  

    Entering her bedroom, I found she had swapped the T-shirt for a 
    white silk blouse, which was not yet buttoned and, although it 
    covered her nipples, exposed a large amount of her firm tits.  
    "Which skirt do you think I should wear with this blouse, Daddy.  
    What do you think of this black one?"  she asked, holding a 
    miniskirt up to her waist.  "Or, this red one?"  she asked again, 
    leaning over the bed and reaching for another.  As she did, I was 
    treated to the sight of her completely naked right breast and 
    gasped at the realization of just how firm she was, and how her 
    nipples were just like her mother's; dark brown, and very long 
    (almost half an inch), with large swollen aereole.  Looking back 
    up at me, she held the red miniskirt to her waist without covering

    her chest.  

    "Well, Daddy, what do you think?"  

    "Very beautiful", I replied.  

    She giggled again, "No, Daddy, the skirt!  Which skirt?".  She 
    obviously knew what I was staring at, and again I was struck by 
    the thought that she was deliberately exposing herself and getting

    a kick out of teasing me.  

    "U-hh, the, umm, the Red one, I think", I stammered, "but, er, 
    don't you think you should be wearing a bra?  You know your mother

    wouldn't let you go out on a date dressed like that!"  

    "But I don't like them, and I don't need one, Daddy, and anyway, 
    you're not Mom, you don't mind, do you?"  she pouted.  

    "Well, your blouse is a little thin, finish dressing and then I'll

    see what you look like.  Hurry up or you'll be late" I said.  

    "Ok, why don't you wait here, I'm almost done" 

    I sat on her bed and watched as she brushed her hair and applied 
    make up, continually being tantalized with glimpses of her bare 
    tits as she reached for different things.  Finally, she stood up 
    and buttoned the about half of her blouse.  Bending over, her ass 
    in my face, she reached for the red skirt and stepped into it, 
    pulling it up her legs and over her hips.  She tucked the blouse 
    into it and zipped it up, turning to face me.  

    "Well, how do I look, do I pass?"  

    I stared up at her from the bed.  Her breasts pushed against the 
    silk blouse, and I could faintly see the darkness of her nipples.

    "Bend over" I instructed, "We don't want the whole world to be 
    able to stare at you."  

    She did as I asked, and although I could see the swelling of her 
    tits, I had to admit that even with so many buttons undone, they 
    remained covered; there was just enough visible to drive a guy 
    crazy!  

    "Ok, baby, you'll do, I hope your mother doesn't find out I let 
    you dress like this" (or watched you prance around half naked, I 
    thought to myself).  

    "Don't worry Daddy, I won't tell her!"  she giggled.  

    "Well, you'd better be good, and you'd better be home on time," I 
    replied, "or maybe I'll tell her myself, then your life won't be 
    worth living!"  

    "Oh, I will, I will, Daddy, I promise; please, don't tell her!"  

    The doorbell rang.  It was Bobby, her date for the night.  "Okay, 
    baby, get out of here.  Have fun, and I'll see you later".  

    "Thank you Daddy", she said and, leaning forward, kissed me wetly 
    on the lips before running downstairs and out of the house, 
    leaving me alone in her room.  

    I looked around myself and noticed her clothes strewn around the 
    room.  On the floor by the side of the bed was a red silk 
    G-string, apparently something she had been wearing earlier.  I 
    reached down and picked it up, unrolling it and rubbing the 
    crotch; it was wet!  I held it to my face and licked at it, 
    expecting to taste my young daughters cunt, but was surprised to 
    discover the unmistakable signs of semen.  It was very slimy, and 
    I recognized the taste from the many times I had licked my own 
    fingers after jacking off.  She had obviously fucked someone 
    earlier in the day, and allowed the G-string to become soaked as 
    the cum dribbled out of her young body.  

    I licked and sucked harder at the skimpy material, intoxicated 
    with the thought of what I was doing, and with the mental vison of

    my daughter fucking one of her boyfriends and of his cum seeping 
    out between the plump pussy lips she had so happily flashed at me 
    just a little while ago.  

    Sliding my shorts down, I rubbed my aching cock with the silk, 
    while massaging my balls with the other hand.  The feel of the 
    silky soft slimy wet silk on the head of my cock was 
    indescribable, and within minutes, my hips were jerking as I lay 
    on my daughters bed and squirted another load of hot cum into her 
    G-string, soaking it again.  

    Several hours later, it was nearly one in the morning and she was 
    thirty minutes late for her curfew.  I was angry and beginning to 
    get worried.  

    Finally, I heard the front door open, and Cheryl walked quickly 
    into the house.  

    Before she had a chance to say anything, I stood up and shouted at

    her.  "Cheryl, where have you been?  You promised to be on time, 
    and let me down.  Is this what I get for giving into you and 
    letting you dress the way you wanted?  I'm beginning to think I 
    really should tell your Mother about the way you've been 
    behaving!"  

    "Oh, please, Daddy, I'm sorry, please don't do that, please!"  

    I stared at her as she walked up to me.  Her lipstick was gone, 
    and her hair was somewhat dissheveled.  

    "Well, it's either that, or you take the spanking I think you 
    deserve.  You decide which".  

    "Uh, err, well, Okay," she spluttered, "Okay, let me go to my room

    and change" 

    "No, it's either right now, or it's your Mother", I said, not 
    wanting to give her any chance to change my mind.  

    "But, err, please, Daddy, just let me go and change, and then, I 
    promise, I'll take my punishment.  Please?"  

    I was curious, now, why did she insist on changing?  Well, 
    regardless, I was determined to do it now, I knew that if she 
    changed she might be able to change my mind by dressing in 
    something sexy and teasing me again.  "This is your last chance, 
    little lady, you either get on my lap now, or I pick up the phone.

    Now, which is it going to be?"  I demanded as I sat on the couch.


    A look of complete resignation appeared on her face as she 
    realized that I was not going to be dissuaded.  "Okay, Daddy," she

    sighed, and moved over to the couch and lay down on my lap, 
    holding her skirt down as she did.  

    "Good, now, I'm going to give you one for every minute passed your

    curfew that you were late, understand?"  

    "Y-yes, Daddy, I'm sorry", she mumbled from the pillow where her 
    face was hidden.  

    Reaching down her legs, which she was holding tightly together, I 
    started to pull her skirt up.  As I did, I was treated to the 
    sight of her bare ass; she was no longer wearing the pink panties 
    she was so proud of a few hours earlier.  Her thighs and buttocks 
    were clenched tight, preventing me from being able to see anything

    other than the cheeks of her ass, and a few stray pubic hairs 
    peeking up from her hidden crotch.  

    "So, being bra-less wasn't enough, I see.  You had to take your 
    panties off and spend the evening almost naked.  Well, seeing as 
    you obviously enjoy flaunting yourself, I think you should receive

    your punishment naked.  Now, get up and strip," I demanded.  

    She looked up from the couch at me, an expression of embarrassment

    on her face, "Please, Daddy, no, please, just spank me and I 
    promise it'll never happen again" she whined.  

    "It seems you really don't believe me," I sighed, reaching over 
    her body for the telephone.  

    "No, no, please Daddy, Okay, I'll do it", she said, jumping up 
    from my lap and reaching for the buttons on her blouse.  As I 
    watched, she hung her head and fumbled with the buttons, finally, 
    slipping the blouse off her shoulders and exposing her chest 
    completely to my eyes.  I stared at her firm young tits, and 
    noticed the love bites around her nipples.  

    "And, the rest?"  I asked.  

    She hesitated slightly, and then unzipped the skirt, slid it over 
    her hips, and let it fall around her feet.  She now stood naked in

    front of me, and my eyes moved down to her crotch.  I could see 
    the swollen lips of her young cunt, and noticed the hair around 
    them was wet and matted.  Looking back at her face, I could see 
    her cheeks were flushed; either from shame, or from excitement at 
    being naked in front of me.  She lifted her face and our eyes met.

    At that moment I decided that it was a combination of both 
    emotions that was coloring her cheeks.  

    "Obviously I'm not the first person to see you naked tonight," I 
    taunted, "where did you do it?"  

    "Err, in his, uhmm, in his car.  Out on Mullholland Drive, at the 
    lookout point" she replied.  

    "That's pretty public, isn't it.  Apparently you like the thought 
    of people seeing you naked and fucking?"  

    "I, uhmm, no, I mean yes, er, well I suppose so", she stammered 
    again, her face becoming even more flushed.  

    "Hmmmm, well, some things are going to have to change around 
    here," I said, "Now, get back on my lap, or did you think I would 
    forget about spanking your ass?"  

    She lay back down on the couch, across my lap, still clenching her

    legs together, only now I knew why; she was trying to hide her 
    wet, freshly fucked cunt.  

    I lifted my hand and brought it down on my daughters firm, naked 
    ass.  It made a loud slap and she grunted into the pillow she was 
    gripping to her face.  Her legs jumped at the impact, and she 
    quickly pulled them back together again.  I smiled to myself, 
    wondering how long she would be able to keep them that way.  

    Lifting my hand, I brought it down again, putting a second red 
    mark on her ass.  Then again and again.  Each time I did, her legs

    flinched and opened a fraction, but as she squealed into the 
    pillow she clenched again.  After another ten slaps, her ass was 
    getting very red, and her muscles were losing their strength; her 
    thighs were now open an inch, and I could see down between them 
    slightly.  

    By the time I had given her thirty-five smacks, she was sobbing 
    and was unable to control her legs.  They now lay wide open, and 
    looking down I was able to see her pink-brown asshole and, below 
    that, her tender young pussy, still swollen, with Bobby's cum 
    leaking out between the lips, wetting the insides of her thighs.  

    I reached dowm between her legs and, with one finger, rubbed 
    between the lips of her pussy.  She was incredibly hot, and my 
    finger came away soaked in a mixture of her cum and Bobby's.  I 
    moved my finger up to her little asshole and rubbed it gently, 
    "Now," I said, "you still have another thirty spankings to go, 
    but, if you agree to make some changes around here, maybe I'll 
    forgive you and forget the rest."  

    She stopped sobbing, and looking up at me, asked "Anything, Daddy,

    I'll do anything, anything you say, just please, don't spank me 
    anymore.  Please?"  

    "Mmmm, well, you've promised before, how do I know if you're 
    serious this time?"  

    "Oh, Daddy, I am, really, just tell me what you want and I'll do 
    it, I mean it, anything!"  

    I moved my finger back to her pussy and coated it in the slick 
    fluids that were seeping out of her, and then, as she watched, 
    brought it up to my face and stared at it.  "You're very wet, 
    aren't you", I commented, looking back into her eyes, "Tell me 
    why, tell me what you did tonight.  Everything!"  

    She hesitated for a second, and then started to talk.  

    "Well, we drove out to PCH for dinner, we were going to Alices 
    Restaurant in Malibu.  As we were driving, Bobby was, err, you 
    know, playing with me."  

    "No, I don't know, Cheryl, I want you to tell me every detail, 
    understand, EVERY detail.  I want to hear you tell me exactly what

    you two did, is that clear?"  

    Her face flushed again, but she continued talking as I slowly 
    caressed the red-hot cheeks of her ass, occasionally stroking her 
    asshole with my finger tip.  

    "He was, uhmm, touching me between the legs, touching my err, 
    pussy.  He likes to touch me all the time, wherever we are.  At 
    first he stroked me through my panties, pushing them up into me, 
    err, into my cunt and making them wet."  

    "After about ten minutes, he told me to take my panties off.  I 
    didn't really want to, but he likes to see me naked, and likes the

    thought of me wearing as little as possible when we're out, so I 
    did.  He took my panties and hung them on the rear-view mirror of 
    the car.  It was still daylight, and he said he wanted people to 
    know what a hot girl he had with him."  

    "And what about you, what did you want?"  

    "Well, I like it when guys are hot for me, so I let him.  It was 
    embarrassing when we got to the restaurant and the valet saw them 
    hanging there, but it kind of made me excited as well.  Then we 
    went in for dinner, and we sat at a booth.  He made me undo two 
    more buttons of my blouse, and open my legs slightly as we sat 
    there and ate.  I knew that the waiter could see all of my boobs, 
    and that the people across from us could see up my skirt.  We were

    both hot by the time we left."  

    "On the way back, he told me to undo my blouse, take my skirt off 
    and open my legs.  After I did that, he said he wanted to watch me

    play with myself, so I did.  I lay back in the seat and fingered 
    myself as we drove.  When we got to the top of Mulholland, at the 
    lookout point, he parked.  There were three other cars there and 
    he stopped in between two of them.  We started kissing and fooling

    around, but then I had to pee.  I told Bobby, and asked him if we 
    could drive over to the corner where noone could see."  

    "He looked at me and told me either to walk over there myself, or 
    to do it there in the car, and handed me an empty plastic cup from

    the floor.  I looked at him thinking he was joking, but saw he 
    wasn't.  I didn't know what to do, but I had to go real bad, so I 
    took the cup from him and scooted forward in the seat.  Before I 
    could go, he stopped me and said that I would have more room in 
    the back seat, and to get out of the car and get into the back."  

    "I reached for my skirt, but he stopped me, saying I wouldn't need

    it."  

    I was fingering her ass and pussy continuously now, and every 
    couple of minutes her butt twitched as I touched her clit.  She 
    was beginning to get excited by telling me about her date.  

    "I opened the door and got out, knowing that the couple in the car

    next to me could see I was just wearing a blouse.  Undone.  I 
    could feel their eyes staring at my body, it was hot!  I climbed 
    into the back seat and Bobby turned around and looked back at me.

    I knelt on the seat, facing him and held the cup between my legs.

    I couldn't wait any longer, and started going.  I was so desparate

    that I couldn't control it, and pee was squirting everywhere.  My 
    hand was soaked, and it overflowed the cup.  Eventually, I was 
    empty and I asked Bobby for something to wipe myself with.  He 
    said he didn't have anything.  By then I was so hot, feeling so 
    slutty, that I just licked my fingers, wiped myself, and then 
    licked them again, while he looked at me."  

    "He said that was the hottest thing he had ever seen, and climbed 
    over the seat to join me in the back.  We started kissing and he 
    said he could taste my piss in my mouth.  He said it tasted good.

    He took the cup and took a swig from it, then kissed me again, 
    pushing a mouthfull of my piss into my mouth and making me swallow

    it.  He did it again, and it made us even hotter, it was so 
    disgusting we loved it.  We ended up both taking mouthfuls of it 
    from the cup and kissing, sharing it between us."  

    "Bobby undid his pants and took them off.  His cock was throbbing 
    he was so hot for me.  He dipped the head of his dick into the 
    cup, wetting it in my pee, then told me to suck it.  I leaned down

    and licked it, tasting him and my piss at the same time.  We kept 
    doing this for another five minutes, but by then we were on fire.

    He layed down on the seat and I climbed onto him, pushing my pussy

    down onto his dick.  It only took a couple of seconds before we 
    were both ready and with a couple of thrusts which almost threw me

    off his lap, we both came.  He flooded me with his cum."  

    "By the time we recovered, I realized what time it was, and that 
    we were late.  Without cleaning up, we scrambled back into the 
    front seat and raced back here.  I was in such a panic, I left my 
    panties hanging on the mirror when I jumped out of the car and ran

    in!"  

    She looked back up at my face.  We were both horny now, and I knew

    she could feel my hard-on sticking into her belly through my 
    shorts.  I scooped up some of the cum from her cunt with my 
    finger, and stuck it into my mouth, sucking it clean.  Her eyes 
    widened as she watched me do this.  Then I got some more and gave 
    my finger to her.  She did the same thing and sucked it into her 
    mouth, still staring into my eyes.  

    "So," I said, "you like showing yourself off.  Is that why you've 
    been teasing me so much recently?"  

    "Yes, Daddy, I'm sorry, but it was so exciting to know you were 
    looking at me, and getting hard.  I could see it in your pants and

    loved knowing I could make you want me."  

    "And, you like being a slut and doing disgusting things?", I 
    continued, pushing my finger slowly up into her ass for the first 
    time.  

    "Mmmm Yessss, Daddy, yes, I love it, I got so hot when Bobby made 
    me piss in front of him, and then when we drank it, I almost came 
    on the spot!"  

    I wiggled my finger around in her ass, pushing it in as deep as I 
    could, then pulled it out and put it between her lips.  She sucked

    it in and I felt her toungue licking at it, tasting her own 
    asshole.  

    "Okay, it seems you are willing to do as you're told.  From now 
    on, I'll decide how you are going to dress, both while you're in 
    the house, and when you go out with your friends.  Every night, 
    when you come home, you are going to tell me everything you did 
    and let me inspect your body.  Once in a while, I may think of 
    something I want you to do, either for me, or when you are on a 
    date, and you'll do everything I tell you.  Do you understand?"  

    "Yes, Daddy, I understand, I'll do everything you tell me, 
    whatever it is, I promise!"  

    "Good, then the first thing I want you to do is lay down on the 
    floor, lift your knees, and open your legs wide.  I want to see my

    little daughters cunt, I want you to show me Bobby's cum still 
    inside you."  

    She climbed off my lap and, glancing down at my cock which was 
    making a tent in my shorts, lay on her back on the floor, with her

    feet towards me.  She lifted her knees and opened her legs, then 
    reached down with her hands and spread the lips of her young cunt.

    "There Daddy, can you see it, can you see Bobby's cum in my cunt, 
    he shot so much I know I'm full, shall I push some out for you?"  

    I stared at her lewd position, her fingers gripping her cunt-lips 
    and pulling them apart.  "Yes, do that, push a little out and let 
    it trickle down".  

    Her shithole bulged slightly as she pushed down with her muscles.

    A blob of white slimy cum appeared from within her cunt and slowly

    slid out of her body and down to her asshole.  

    "Push it into your ass," I said, "Push it up as deep as you can" 

    She moved her right hand, and with the middle finger rubbed the 
    cum around her asshole and then slowly pushed it in.  Soon her 
    finger was buried completely in her asshole.  

    "Fuck your ass with your finger, Push it in and out."  

    Looking into my eyes, my daughter did as I instructed.  She 
    started fucking her ass with her finger, plunging it in and out, 
    straining to get it as far into her bowels as she could.  

    "Now, take it out" I said.  "Take it out and suck it clean" 

    "Oooh, Daddy, Yesss."  She pulled the finger out of her tight hole

    and I could see it was glistening with the cum she had pushed into

    herself, and was slightly brown at the end.  She had obviously 
    pushed it in far enough to get it dirty.  

    Releasing her knees, she brought her hand up to her face and 
    sucked the finger into her mouth.  I knew she could taste her shit

    on it, but she was clearly willing to do anything I told her to.  

    I got off the couch and knelt between my daughters wide open legs.

    Leaning down, I stared at her soaking wet wide open pussy and 
    started to lick.  As I sucked, she pushed and slowly fed Bobby's 
    cum into my mouth.  In between, I tasted the sweetness of her 
    cunt, and sucked her pussy lips and then her clit into my mouth.  
    She squirmed beneath me.  

    "Yessssss, Daddy, Yesss.  Do you like it, do you like the taste of

    my fucked pussy?  Oh, this is so hot, my Daddy, sucking me, 
    cleaning me out."  

    I lifted my face from between her legs and looked up into her 
    face.  "From now on, baby, anytime you fuck someone, you're 
    forbidden from cleaning yourself.  I don't care if you wet your 
    pants, but you are not allowed to wipe yourself after fucking.  I 
    want you to come home and show me your cunt full of cum.  Do you 
    understand?"  

    "Yes, Daddy, yesss, I'll do it, for you Daddy, I'll do anything."


    I resumed sucking on her fifteen year old pussy and, as I 
    swallowed the last of the cum she was so full of, she came in my 
    face, soaking me in her own juices.  

    Lifting my face, I looked down at Cheryl, her face flushed and her

    young tits heaving.  I pulled my shorts down, exposing my now 
    painfully throbbing dick and started stroking it.  "You're going 
    to do everything I tell you to, little girl, you're going to be my

    little slut daughter and dress like I say and do what I say".  

    "Yes, Daddy, everything", she panted, watching me stroke my cock 
    above her body.  

    I stroked faster and faster, now, our eyes were alternating 
    between admiring our bodies, and sharing hot, animal-like looks at

    each other.  I could not hold back any longer, and thrusting my 
    hips forward, spewed my cum over my daughters body and face.  
    There were lines of hot slimy cum over her stomach and tits, and 
    up over her chin on her lips, nose and hair.  It was easily the 
    most intense orgasm I had ever had in my life.  

    Leaning down again, I kissed my pretty daughters face, sucking her

    lips and playing with her toungue as she opened her mouth.  We 
    wiped my cum around in each others mouths, sucking noisily as our 
    toungues danced with each other.  

    After we recovered, I sat on the couch with Cheryl, her head in my

    lap while I caressed her still naked body.  We talked for a while 
    about her fantasies, and her love of flashing her body and doing 
    very kinky things.  This evening had been the first time she had 
    tasted piss, or even pissed in front of a guy, but apparently she 
    fantasized about "dirty", slutty acts like that a lot and really 
    got off on it.  

    We spent that night in my bed, nothing new happened, we just 
    cuddled up together and went to sleep, exhausted from the 
    evenings' activities.


                   .....  To be continued in Part 2  .....
--




From ddaily@digiforest.com Fri Sep 13 16:33:56 1996
Path: azea.digiforest.com!cam-news-feed1.bbnplanet.com!delphi.com!news-feed.iguide.com!imci2!pull-feed.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!howland.erols.net!news-peer.gsl.net!news.gsl.net!ix.netcom.com!news
From: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: stoy2.txt  My Daughter, My SexToy   (Mf, pedo, cons)
Date: Tue, 10 Sep 1996 22:30:35 GMT
Organization: Rosa Lopez Inc ( RLI Industries)
Lines: 653
Message-ID: <514qap$dm1@dfw-ixnews9.ix.netcom.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dfw-tx18-09.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Tue Sep 10  5:32:57 PM CDT 1996
X-Newsreader: Mr Double Agent        

Archive-name: Family/stoy2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: My Daughter, My SexToy - 2


    The next morning I woke up first and wandered into the bathroom to
    clean up.  As I stood in front of the mirror, having just finished
    shaving, Cheryl walked in and sat on the toilet, still naked.

    "Good Morning, Daddy, did you sleep good?  I did, it felt so nice
    to have you holding me and to feel your body against mine; I've 
    been dreaming of that for a long time."

    "Well", I replied, so long as you remember all the promises you 
    made last night, you can have that experience every night you're 
    here".

    "Oh, don't worry Daddy, I won't forget, in fact I can't wait; I 
    have another date with Bobby tonight, you'll have to find me 
    something to wear!" she smirked.

    As I looked down at my daughter, my cock twitched.  Without 
    taking her eyes from mine, she spread her legs wide and whispered 
    "I have to pee, Daddy, do you want to watch?"

    "Go ahead, baby, do it in front of me".

    Still staring at me, she released her muscles slightly and a short
    spurt of liquid splashed into the bowl.  "Oooh, it feels so good 
    to do it like this, Daddy, I feel so naughty doing it in front of 
    you, having you watch".

    "Good, because I'm going to make you do everything in front of me 
    from now on, Cheryl, EVERYTHING, understand?"

    "Yes, Daddy, I'll do whatever you tell me" she whispered.  I 
    looked down at her crotch as she moved her hand between her
    legs and released another spurt of liquid, drenching her
    fingers.  "Oh, God, it's so hot, Daddy, so hot it almost burns!"

    Closing her eyes, she released her bladder completely and let it 
    empty full force over her hand.  The stream was so powerful it 
    sprayed off her fingers and soaked her thighs.  As she finished,
    she looked back up at me, with glazed eyes and flushed cheeks.

    I knelt on the floor between her legs and started to lick; first 
    her calves and then upwards over her thighs, licking the salty 
    golden liquid off her body.  As I reached the tops of her thighs,
    she slid forward on the toilet and spread her legs even
    further, "Mmmm, yes, Daddy, yes, lick it, lick my pussy, taste
    my pee".

    My tongue swept across the lips of her young pussy, savoring the
    flavor of her body.  As my lips covered hers, my tongue slipped
    between them and over her clit, she twitched and released one
    last spurt of her hot piss into my mouth.  Holding it there, I
    straightened my body and and pulled her face to mine.  She knew
    what was coming and opened her mouth in anticipation.

    Without kissing her, I tilted her head backwards and let the piss 
    trickle out of my mouth into hers.  As she swallowed it, I reached
    down, took her hand and brought it to her lips.  Looking into my 
    eyes, she licked and sucked at her fingers, cleaning them
    completely.

    I pulled her up from the stool and we stepped into the shower 
    together.  As the hot water ran over us, we soaped and washed each
    other, and for the first time, I felt my daughters hands on my 
    cock and balls as she stroked them.  I just leaned back against
    the wall and let her play, caressing me with her slippery
    soapy fingers, as she knelt down to watch closely.  Her other
    hand played with my balls and then slipped back between my
    legs and started to rub around my asshole.

    At the same time as I felt her lips on the head of my cock,
    slipping down over the crown, I felt two fingers of her other hand
    pushing against and then up into my ass.  As she pushed them
    deeper into my bowels she moved them around, hitting my
    prostrate.  Without warning my entire body tensed, my balls
    tightened, and my cock erupted between her lips, spewing cum
    into her mouth.  She just groaned and kept finger-fucking my
    ass, as I spasmed and twitched, then as soon as I was finished,
    she stood up and opened her lips,showing me the pool of white
    slimy cum she held in there.

    Leaning down, I pushed my tongue into her mouth and we rolled my 
    cum, the same stuff which had helped bring her to life, around in 
    our mouths and swallowed it.

    As we kissed, I moved my hand down her belly and into the soft 
    hair below it.  "You know", I said, smiling to myself, "if you're 
    going to be my little girl slut, I think you should look more like
    a little girl".

    "What do you mean, Daddy?"

    "I mean that this hair has to go, I want me and everyone else to 
    see your hot little pussy, I want to be able to feel it smooth and
    bare, now get my razor and shaving cream."

    As she climbed back into the shower, I made her sit on the edge 
    and spread her legs wide.  Using my back to shield her from the
    shower spray, I coated her crotch in foam and started to shave
    her clean. Her pubic hair was very soft and quite thin so,
    within a few moments, she was bare and smooth.

    After rinsing off, we got out of the shower and dried.  I dressed
    but made Cheryl remain naked. I wanted to be able to see and
    touch her at will.  The next few hours were spent with her 
    cleaning up around the house, and me either watching her young 
    body and now hairless cunt as she moved, or reaching out and 
    carassing her oh-so-smooth skin.  True to form, Cheryl was both 
    embarassed and excited at being made to remain naked, and every 
    time my fingers touched her young pussy, they were met by heat and
    wet slippery juices which, after a while, had soaked her entire
    crotch and upper thighs.

    Around luchtime, she had finished cleaning the house and I decided
    we should go to the local Mall to find some clothes for her to 
    wear on her date that evening.  I could already picture Bobby's 
    expression when he discovered her naked pussy, but wanted her to 
    be dressed even more provocatively then usual, I wanted her to be 
    very exposed for the whole evening.

    Leading her into her bedroom, I announced "Okay, baby, you can get
    dressed now, were going shopping for some new clothes for you." 
    Opening her closet, I looked through the clothes hanging there and
    pulled out a thin white blouse and denim mini-skirt.  "Here, put 
    these on and lets get going".

    "Err, what about panties", she stammered, "someone might see me 
    in the dressing rooms".

    "I know", I smiled, "you'll have to be very careful, won't you"

    She blushed again, and slipped into the blouse and skirt.  As she 
    bent over to put her shoes on, I was pleased to see that the skirt
    just covered her ass; As much as I would have liked for everyone 
    to see my daughters tight ass and bare pussy, I didn't want her
    getting us arrested by flashing at the wrong time!

    We walked out of the house and I opened the car door for her.  As 
    she climbed in to the passenger seat, I stared down and was 
    treated to the sight of the cleft of her hairless pussy.  I got 
    into the drivers side, and we drove the couple of miles to the 
    mall with her legs wide open and my hand stroking her thigh, 
    inviting anyone who looked in to stare at her exposed body.

    At the mall, we went into one of her favorite stores, and started 
    choosing clothes.  I quickly selected several blouses, all 
    semi-transparent, a couple of pale cotton mini-skirts with no
    lining, and one long dress with a very high slit in the front. 
    I watched with anticipation as the attendant, a young girl of
    about 19, went back into the dressing rooms with her.

    Ten minutes later, Cheryl reappeared, flushed and excited, with
    the sales girl smiling behind her.  As I paid for the clothes, 
    Cheryl held on to my arm, and stared at the floor.  After we had 
    left the store, I asked her what was wrong.

    "Well, err, that girl, she, uhmm, she came into the room with me 
    to help me with the clothes.  I was so embarassed without any 
    underwear, I tried to keep my back to her when I took my skirt
    off.  But she looked over my shoulder at the mirror in front
    of me, and saw that I was shaved.  She smiled at me and said
    she thought it looked beautiful.  As she helped me put on each
    skirt, she stroked my ass with her fingers, and everytime I took
    it off, she stared at my bare pussy.  When I tried on one of the
    blouses, she looked into my eyes and rubbed my nipples as she did
    the buttons. They got hard and I was blushing crimson.  As she
    was helping me put my own clothes back on she told me she also
    shaved her cunt and asked if I wanted to see it.  I was so 
    embarassed I just ran out of there!"

    "You shouldn't have done that", I told her, "You should have let 
    her show you.  In fact, why don't you go back in there and invite 
    her over to our house tomorrow morning".

    "B-b-but, Daddy, she's, ah, she's a girl!"

    "I know that baby, are you forgetting last night already?"

    "No, Daddy, no, but, uhmm, a Girl?"

    "Yes, baby.  Now, go back in there and tell her where we live and 
    ask her to come over at nine tomorrow morning."

    I watched as my daughter went back into the store and talked to
    the young sales girl.  She smiled brightly as Cheryl talked to 
    her, and then looked up at me in the doorway.  I nodded to her and
    she looked back down at Cheryl and said she would come.  Cheryl 
    came back out, still blushing, and told me that the girls name was
    Victoria and would be over at our house early in the morning.

    The next stop was at the lingerie store, and we picked out several
    G-Strings for Cheryl to wear, all with transparent lace fronts, 
    and all a size too small.  We also bought several pairs of 
    stockings, some garter belts and two white lace teddy's.  After
    that we stopped by a few other stores and bought some more 
    revealing blouses.

    We walked out of the last store with my arm behind her,
    stroking her ass through her short skirt.  To get back to the car 
    we had to go upstairs.  Instead of taking the escalator, I told 
    Cheryl to walk up the stairs in front of me, and was able to see 
    that anyone more than a few steps below could see right up her 
    skirt and could see her bare ass cheeks.  When we got to the 
    landing halfway up, I made her stop with her back to the stairs. 
    "Do you realize that anyone who looks can see your bare ass". I 
    said to her, "Do you like the thought of strangers staring at you,
    naked, seeing your ass?"

    "Yesss, Daddy, yes," she blished, "It's hot, I'm embarassed, but I
    love it at the same time".

    "Good, now spread your feet a few more inches, let them see your
    cunt, your hairless pussy lips"

    "Oooh, Daddy", she whispered, "are you sure, should I?"

    "I'll decide whther it's ok," I growled, "and I want you to show 
    people your naked cunt. I want them too see my daughters sex, do 
    you understand?"

    "Yes, Daddy, I'm sorry" she muttered, and spread her feet about 
    eighteen inches.  I looked over her shoulder and watched the faces
    of the few people approaching the stairs.  One older man looked up
    and gulped, before hurrying passed us as though he hadn't seen 
    anything.  Then a younger black guy, about 30 came along and 
    noticed Cheryl at the top of the stairs.  He bent down and 
    pretended to work on the laces of his tennis shoes, all the while 
    staring up at her exposed body.  Standing in front of her so that 
    no-one could see, I told her to reach down and scratch her inner 
    thigh, and then to move her finger up to her pussy and rub it 
    quickly.  She did as I instructed and the guy almost choked as he
    watched my little daughter stroke her smooth pussy lips.

    Not wanting to cause any problems, we rushed out of the mall to 
    the car before the guy could recover, but I could tell from 
    Cheryl's breathing that she was very turned on.

    When we got back to the house, we went into my bedroom and I had 
    Cheryl model some of the clothes we had bought.  The blouses were
    thin enough that you could see the shadow of her dark nipples 
    underneath them, and soft enough that they made hard little points
    in the material.  Next I had her put one of the G-strings on and 
    she pulled it tight up on her waist.  As she did, her bare pussy 
    lips bulged around the sides of the crotch, making it disappear 
    between them.  It was the hottest thing I had seen for a long 
    time, and Cheryl loved the way it felt.  When she put one of the 
    skirts on, I could see the G-string underneath due to the thinness
    of the material and the lack of lining.

    It was now almost time for her date, and we talked about what I 
    wanted her to do during the evening.  I told her that she should 
    flash her tits and pussy every chance she got, but only when she 
    thought it was relatively safe, I didn't want her being arrested. 
    "And, don't forget, I expect your little slut pussy to be full of
    hot cum when you get home tonight, I'll be waiting in my
    bedroom, and I'm going to inspect you as soon as you get in the 
    door, and I'll want to hear about everything you did".

    "Don't worry, Daddy", she panted, "I'm sure Bobby will fill me to 
    overflowing during the night.  I'll have a lot to show you when I 
    get home."  With that she kissed me passionately, pushing her 
    toungue into my mouth and swirling it around.  "I'm going to bring
    you lots of cum, Daddy," she whispered between kisses, "I'm going
    to get Bobby to fill me for you, I'll be so sloppy you won't 
    believe it."

    A few minutes later, she had gone, and I settled down to watch TV 
    and wait out the hours until she returned.  As I lay on the bed 
    later that evening I couldn't get the thought of my daughters bare
    pussy, enclosed in lace, out of my mind.  Curling up under the
    sheets, I tried to relax and, the next thing I knew I heard her 
    walking into the house; I had fallen asleep.

    Cheryl entered the bedroom and smiled down at me.  With our new 
    relationship she hadn't bothered to try and look decent after 
    being with Bobby, her hair was a mess, her makeup was gone, and 
    her blouse was out of her skirt and undone almost to the waist. 
    "Hello Daddy," she grinned, "are you ready for me, I had such a 
    hot time tonight, I can't wait to tell you, and wait till you see 
    what I've got for you!"

    She started to undress in front of me, pulling off the blouse and
    letting the skirt slip to the floor.  I stared at her crotch; she 
    was still wearing the G-String, but it was pulled up completely 
    into her body, exposing her swollen pussy lips, bulging around the
    lace.  Looking up at her tits, I could see her nipples were even 
    more swollen and hard than ever, and she had bite marks all around
    them, and up towards her neck.  "Come here, my little slut
    daughter, come and tell me all about your evening."

    She crawled into the bed along side me and kissed me, opening
    her lips.  I slid my toungue into her mouth and tasted a mixture 
    of salt and cum.  Breaking the kiss she looked at me and said "Can
    you taste it Daddy?  I did it again, I drank my piss for him,
    Bobby loves to see me do it and it was even hotter this time."

    "Whoa, baby, start at the beginning, I want to hear everything."

    "Ok", she giggled, as I rubbed and pinched her nipples between my 
    thumb and finger, "We drove into Hollywood this time and went to 
    a movie there.  We sat in the middle of a row at towards the back,
    thinking we would be alone.  After the movie started, Bobby 
    started to stroke my legs and pretty soon I had them spread wide 
    and he reached my pussy.  He almost choked when he felt my bare 
    skin, he made me pull my skirt up and push my G-string to the side
    so he could see my hairless pussy.  It was then that I looked 
    around and realized that a another couple of kids had sat down in 
    the same row, about six seats from us.  The guy was farthest away 
    from us, and as he leaned over to kiss his girlfriend he saw me 
    sitting there with my legs spread and my skirt hiked up.  He kept 
    kissing her and staring at me for a long time, and then whispered 
    to her and she watched Bobby playing with me as well.  Bobby 
    couldn't get over my smooth lips and kept pushing his finger into 
    me and then rubbing the juice over them, making me wet and 
    slippery all over."

    "By the time the movie was half over, I had cum about three or 
    four times and was soaking wet.  The boy and girl just kept
    staring at me as I let them watch Bobby play with my cunt and
    make me cum."

    As she was talking to me, I was cuddling my daughter and kissing 
    and licking her nipples, pinching them between my teeth, and then 
    moving up to her ear and tongue-fucking it while I stroked her
    back and squeezed her ass.

    "Then Bobby whispered to me that he wanted me to do it again.  I 
    asked him what he meant, and he said he wanted to see me piss 
    again!  I said okay, as soon as we were out of the theater, but he
    said no, he wanted to see it now!  We had bought a couple of 
    cokes, so he drank one and emptied the paper cup.  He held it 
    between my legs and told me to do it.  I slid forward a couple
    of inches and tried to relax.  At first it wouldn't come, I was 
    nervous about the kids down the row seeing me.  But Bobby kept 
    talking to me and telling me how he wanted me to do it in public, 
    how hot it made him, and eventually I let go and filled the cup to
    about halfway.  I looked over at the couple, they were just 
    staring at me as I peed.  After I finished, I reached down and
took 
    the cup from Bobby and licked his fingers clean.  Then, while he 
    and the couple watched me, I drank two or three mouthfuls from 
    the cup and swallowed it, I drank most of my hot piss back into 
    my body!  Oh, Daddy, it was so dirty, so exciting, I loved it."

    "After the movie, we went to one of the burger joints on Sunset 
    Boulevard where you sit outside.  As we ate, I kept my legs open 
    and let people see me, see my soaking wet G-string disappearing 
    into my pussy. It was so exciting Daddy, I really got off on
    people seeing me, looking at my body."

    "I'm glad, baby, because I'm going to make you show yourself to a 
    lot of people, don't forget Victorias' coming over tomorrow!  Now,
    what did you do next?"

    "Well, after we ate, we drove back through Griffith Park and 
    stopped there for a while.  Bobby picked another spot where there 
    were other cars with people making out, and parked between them 
    again.  He told me to strip and this time I didn't even hesitate, 
    I just took all my clothes off and hoped the people next to us 
    would see.  We kissed and messed around for a while and then 
    Bobby said he wanted to fuck me.  I started to squat over his 
    cock, but he said no, he wanted to fuck me in my ass, he wanted to
    feel his cock deep in my asshole.  I turned around on the seat so 
    I was facing the window and Boby knelt behind me.  First he licked
    and sucked my hole, making it wet, then he straightened up and 
    shoved his cock up my ass, Daddy, right up it!  It felt so good, 
    so dirty, I was really getting off.  As he was fucking me, I 
    looked out the car window into the car next to us and saw another 
    couple in there.  They were messing around and I could see the guy
    sucking and biting on the girls tits.  She smiled at me as I 
    pulled and pinched on my own nipples, and bucked up and down from 
    Bobby's fucking.  Ooh, Daddy, the feel of his cock deep up my shit
    hole was wonderful, he just kept shoving it in, deeper and deeper.

    Finally, he couldn't hold back any longer, and I felt his cock 
    bulge in my ass, then I felt his cum spurting up into me, it was 
    like boiling oil in there, it was so hot!"

    "After that, he wanted to play around some more, but I wanted to
    hurry back before too much of it leaked out so I made him bring me
    home.  I felt so slutty, sitting in the car with my ass full of
    cum, wearing my G-String soaked in pee, if he had touched me 
    I would have cum right there!"

    I moved my hand down to her crotch and felt the saoking wet 
    material of her underwear.  Pulling the sheets back, I moved down 
    her body and started to suck on the material.  I could taste her 
    pee, and through that the slight flavor of cum.

    I spread her legs wide and stared at her crotch.  The lace 
    G-string was soaking wet with a mixture of piss and cum.  It 
    barely covered her puffy pink cunt lips and narrowed into a string
    which disappeared up between the cheeks of her ass.  I rolled her 
    over onto her stomach, and spread her cheeks.  Her little shithole
    was swollen and pinkish brown, and there were traces of cum around
    the sides.

    "Is it okay, Daddy, I'm sorry it's not in my cunt, do you mind it 
    being in my ass?  It's very full, I've been feeling like I need
    to go to the bathroom."

    "Baby, it's ok, I don't care which hole, I just love to see you 
    full, and I love to suck it out of you."

    I pulled the G-string down her legs and off her feet, and then 
    lay on my back, telling her to squat over me.  I stared up at her 
    naked pussy and pink asshole and then pulled her down to my face. 
    I ran my toungue over her cunt lips, licking the last drops of her
    pee off them, and then up to her rosebud and started to suck.  As 
    I did, she pushed a little, and my mouth filled with slimy cum,

    "Oh, yess, Daddy, you're doing it, you're sucking it out of my 
    ass, I was scared that you wouldn't like it, but you're doing it!"

    I leaned my face back and whispered to her "Yes, Baby-Slut, I'm 
    doing it, I'm sucking Bobby's cum out of your ass, it's still 
    warm, and I can taste you as well, it's wonderful, give it all to 
    me".

    Pulling her to me again, I pushed my tongue deep into her ass and
    put my lips around her hole and sucked harder.  She gave me 
    another mouthful of the hot cream, and I rolled it around in my 
    mouth, savoring the mixed flavor of Bobby's cum and her asshole.

    With one hand I reached up and stroked the slippery lips of her 
    pussy, and pushed one, then two and finally three fingers into her
    body, stroking her clit with my thumb.  She ground down onto my 
    arm and face, and leaned forward, grabbing my cock with her hand. 
    As she rubbed my dick, spreading the precum all over the head, she
    reached for my balls with her other hand.  She started to squeeze 
    and roll them, hurting them, but only just to the point where it 
    was still pleasurable.

    I sucked harder at her ass, getting the last of the slime out of 
    her, and kept fucking her with my fingers as she kept up the 
    assault on my cock and balls.  She started to cum, and shuddered 
    above me, I felt her juice soaking my hand.  I couldn't take any 
    more and, tensing my body below her, gave in to my own orgasm.  I 
    felt the cum boiling up from my nuts, which she was still 
    squeezing, shooting up the shaft of my dick and exploding out of 
    the tip.

    We collapsed and she rolled off to the side, on her back.  I 
    looked at her face, covered in my cum, and pulled her to me.  We 
    cuddled together, glowing in the aftermath of our individual 
    orgasms, while I gently licked her face clean and fed my cum
    to her mouth.

    After we recovered, she got up saying that she really needed to go
    to the bathroom.  I followed her and watched as she sat on the 
    toilet.  She looked up at me and said "I, err, I don't just need 
    to pee, Daddy, I uhmm, I need to do something else as well."

    "I'm sure you do", I replied, "and you're going to do it while I 
    watch.  Remember, our little discussion about you liking to do 
    things in front of people, well, you're going to do everything in 
    front of me".

    "You mean you want to see it, you want to watch me shit?
    Please, Daddy, that's dirty, it's embarassing"

    "I know, my little slut, and I also know how we both like for you 
    to be embarassed, don't we.  Now do it, do it in front of me, I'm 
    going to watch you"

    Her face reddened, but she knew I was serious.  She lowered her 
    eyes and I saw her stomach bulge slightly as she strained her 
    muscles.  She looked back into my eyes, her face crimson, "Please
    Daddy", she whispered.

    I knelt on the floor in front of her and spread her knees wide 
    with my hands, pulling her forward on the seat until I could 
    almost see her asshole. She kept looking into my face and 
    strained again. Suddenly her eyes widenend, and I knew she was
    doing it.  I looked down, stroking her thighs and watched as a 
    small turd appeared from her body.  I moved my hand and stroked 
    her stomach, feeling it tense again as she pushed more out of her 
    bowels.  I straightened up and brought her face to mine.  "You're 
    my baby-slut, and I love you, and I want you to do everything in 
    front of me, everything", I whispered, "Now keep doing it, empty 
    yourself".  My hand felt her push again as I brought my lips to 
    her mouth and we kissed.  I slid my hand down to her crotch and 
    stroked her lips, then her clit, still kissing her and whispering 
    in her ear.  "Do it, slut, show me how dirty you are, show me 
    you'll do everything I tell you to".

    "Yess, yessss," she panted, "Yesss, Daddy, I am a slut, I'll do 
    whatever you want, I'll be dirty for you".  Her eyes squeezed shut
    as the last of the shit exited her body and she came at the same 
    time.

    After cleaning up, we returned to bed and curled up in the spoon 
    position, my arm around her, cupping her breast.  We fell asleep 
    thinking of what was to come tomorrow when Victoria visited.

    As usual, I woke first and got Cheryl up with me.  This time we 
    didn't have sex while we were in the shower, just stroked and
    caressed each other as we washed.  After drying off, I selected a 
    white G-String and white satin blouse for her to wear.

    "That's all?", she asked, "That's all you want me to wear?

    "I think it's too much, actually, but I want you to at least 
    start a little modest.  Now, just to make sure you understand, 
    you're going to do everything I say, and let Victoria do whatever 
    she wants, aren't you my little girl-slut?".

    "Y-yess, Daddy, I'll do anything for you.  But I've never done 
    anything with a girl before, and I don't even know her, she's a 
    stranger, it's going to be very embarrassing."

    At precisely nine, the doorbell rang and I told Cheryl to go and 
    answer it.  I heard girls voices and some giggling, and Cheryl 
    came back into the living room with Victoria behind her.  "Daddy, 
    this is Victoria", she announced, "Victoria, This is my Dad, 
    Pete".

    I looked up at the girl; she was a a fraction shorter than my
    daughter, with long, curly black hair and slightly hispanic
    features.  She was dressed in a tube top and mini-skirt, and 
    anyone could see that she had a beautiful body, although her 
    breasts were very small.

    "Hi, Victoria, glad you could come over, why don't you sit down."

    "Thanks", she replied and sat on the couch opposite me.  As she 
    did, the skirt rode up and revealed most of her tanned, muscular 
    thighs.  Cheryl sat next to her, with one leg up on the couch, 
    slightly revealing her crotch to Victoria.  She looked down at my
    daughters legs and blushed slightly, her lips parted.

    "You're very pretty, Victoria", I started, "very pretty.  Cheryl 
    tells me you were very helpful in the store yesterday."

    "Err, Thank you, Pete.  Yes, you picked out some very sexy clothes
    for her, and I like to help all of our customers, especially if 
    they look like Cheryl!"

    "Do you like what she's wearing now, Victoria?"

    "Oh, Yesss, she looks hot" replied Victoria in a whisper.

    "I agree.  Cheryl, why don't you go and get some more of the 
    things we bought yesterday and show them to Victoria.  Get 
    eveything we bought"

    Cheryl looked at me, and then at Victoria.  Her cheeks were 
    flushed and her eyes were glazed.  She got up from the couch and 
    walked to our bedroom, then returned a few moments later with her 
    arms full of skirts, dresses and lingerie.  Sitting down next to
    Victoria, she started to show her the clothes.  Victoria 
    immediately spotted the white lace teddy's and said "Oh, God, 
    Cheryl, these are so hot, I'd love to see them on".

    "That's a good idea, Cheryl, why don't you model them for us.  I 
    haven't seen you in the teddy's either".

    Cheryl got up, blushing even more, and turned to go to the bedroom
    to change.  "No, why don't you change here, Cheryl, there's no 
    need to be modest, is there Victoria?"

    "Err, no, No, I suppose not"

    Cheryl turned her back slightly to me, and slowly undid her blouse
    and slipped it off her shoulders. Victoria gasped at my
    daughters erect nipples, and then dropped her eyes as Cheryl
    moved her hands to the waistband of the G-String and rolled it
    down her legs, slowly revealing her smooth cunt.

    As she lifted her feet and removed the flimsy piece of lace, 
    Victoria reached out and took it from my daughter, caressing the 
    material with her fingers.  "I love lace", she murmered, "It is 
    sooo sexy".

    I stared at my daughters back, her skin so smooth, and at her slim
    waist and exquisite ass.  My cock was throbbing in my shorts, 
    partly because of her beauty, partly from seeing her strip in 
    front of me and another person.  There and then I decided that I 
    was going to repeat this scene often, with as many different 
    people as possible.

    Cheryl bent over and picked up the teddy.  She stepped into it and
    raised it up over her waist.  She lifted the bodice up over her 
    breasts and pulled the straps over her shoulders.  Turning back so
    that I could see her, she asked "Well, Daddy, do you like it?"

    I looked at her firm body encased in the lace.  Her tits filled 
    the cups and her nipples pushed hard against the material, 
    testifying to her state of mind.  I looked down passed her waist 
    and studied her crotch.  The lace covered her mons and pussy lips,
    but the indentation between her lips was plainly visible.  "Very 
    beautiful, Baby, very sexy, don't you think, Victoria?"

    Victoria reached out and stroked the lace around Cheryls hip, 
    "Ohh, yes, it looks so good, and feels so sensual".  Her fingers 
    traced the leg of the teddy down towards Cheryls crotch.  "Mmmm, 
    your skin is so smooth, Cheryl, so silky."

    "Yes, she's smooth all over, Victoria, I think girls are better 
    that way.  Stroke her skin, feel how nice it is, how warm and 
    soft."

    Victoria looked at me, and then back at Cheryl who was blushing 
    furiously now, although her nipples had hardened even more, 
    something I didn't think was possible.  Victoria reached out again
    and ran her fingers up Cheryls' thigh.  They traced their way up 
    her leg and hesitated momentarily at her crotch, before sliding 
    under the lace and over the bulge of her mons.  I watched her 
    fingers slowly stroking under the lace.  "Ohh, Cheryl, you feel so
    good".  As her fingers moved lower, Cheryl parted her legs 
    slightly.  The pressure of Victorias hand on the lace crotch of 
    the teddy was too much, and the snaps popped open, revealing her 
    fingers cupping my daughters pussy.  She pulled my daughter 
    towards her by her cunt with one hand, and with the other reached 
    up and pushed the now loose lace up above Cheryls' stomach.

    Victoria leaned forward and started licking Cheryls stomach, 
    slowly moving down to her cunt.  As her lips moved closer to my 
    daughters clit, Victoria moved her hand backwards between Cheryls'
    legs and played with her asshole.

    Within moments she had her tongue deep in Cheryls cunt and her 
    fingers deep in her shithole.  I looked up at my daughters face 
    and our eyes met.  Cheryl tensed and shuddered and then groaned as
    her orgasm hit her.  Her tits heaved inside the lace teddy and her
    knees crumpled as she fell to the couch, panting.

    Victoria lifted her face from between Cheryls legs and looked up. 
    With her hands she stroked up her body revealing her tits and 
    pinching her long hard nipples.  "You know, Cheryl, nipples like 
    these are just too good to waste, they are so long, so hard, you 
    should really have them pierced and put rings in them, it would be
    so hot, so sexy!"

    Cheryl's eyes opened wide with shock and fear, but it was already 
    too late.  I had heard the suggestion and immediately knew it had 
    to be done.  The thought of some strange guy in a tattoo parlor 
    fondling my little girls tits and piercing them, was too much, too
    exciting to be denied.  Then another vision hit my mind, that of 
    the same guy fondling her bare cunt as he tattoo'd her pussy. 
    Without having touched either the girls or myself, I exploded, 
    soaking my shorts with cum.  Cheryl saw what happened and groaned,
    knowing what was going to happen, without us even sharing a word.
 
    Stay tuned for the next chapter..... coming soon in 1993!

--




From ddaily@digiforest.com Fri Sep 13 16:34:00 1996
Path: azea.digiforest.com!cam-news-feed1.bbnplanet.com!delphi.com!news-feed.iguide.com!imci2!pull-feed.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!howland.erols.net!news-peer.gsl.net!news.gsl.net!ix.netcom.com!news
From: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: stoy3.txt  My Daughter, My SexToy   (Mf, pedo, cons)
Date: Tue, 10 Sep 1996 22:30:45 GMT
Organization: Rosa Lopez Inc ( RLI Industries)
Lines: 356
Message-ID: <514qav$dm1@dfw-ixnews9.ix.netcom.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dfw-tx18-09.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Tue Sep 10  5:33:03 PM CDT 1996
X-Newsreader: Mr Double Agent        

Archive-name: Family/stoy3.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: My Daughter, My SexToy - 3


    Victoria leaned forward and started licking Cheryls stomach, 
    slowly moving down to her cunt.  As her lips moved closer to my 
    daughters clit, Victoria moved her hand backwards between Cheryls'
    legs and played with her asshole.

    Within moments she had her tongue deep in Cheryls cunt and her 
    fingers deep in her shithole.  I looked up at my daughters face 
    and our eyes met.  Cheryl tensed and shuddered and then groaned as
    her orgasm hit her.  Her tits heaved inside the lace teddy and her
    knees crumpled as she fell to the couch, panting.

    Victoria lifted her face from between Cheryls legs and looked up. 
    With her hands she stroked up her body revealing her tits and 
    pinching her long hard nipples.  "You know, Cheryl, nipples like 
    these are just too good to waste, they are so long, so hard, you 
    should really have them pierced and put rings in them, it would be
    so hot, so sexy!"

    Cheryl's eyes opened wide with shock and fear, but it was already 
    too late.  I had heard the suggestion and immediately knew it had 
    to be done.  The thought of some strange guy in a tattoo parlor 
    fondling my little girls tits and piercing them, was too much, too
    exciting to be denied.  Then another vision hit my mind, that of 
    the same guy fondling her bare cunt as he tattoo'd her pussy. 
    Without having touched either the girls or myself, I exploded, 
    soaking my shorts with cum.  Cheryl saw what happened and groaned,
    knowing what was going to happen, without us even sharing a word.
 
    Victoria looked over at me and, seeing the large wet patch in my 
    shorts, smiled.  "Did you like that, Pete?  Did you like seeing me
    suck your daughters little pussy?  It's so sweet, and she is so 
    wet, I'll let you watch me do it anytime!  And her tight 
    asshole... oooh, it's so hot inside!"

    "Yes, I did enjoy it Victoria, but you haven't cum yet and I think
    Cheryl should return the favor.  What do you think, little 
    baby-slut, don't you think you owe Victoria an orgasm?"

    My daughter looked over at me, then at Victoria, and then back to 
    me.  She blushed again, "Err, y-yes, Daddy, yes, you're right". 
    Victoria looked at me and smiled.  There was something cruel about
    the expression on her face, but I didn't immediately recognise it.

    She sat up and hesitantly reached towards Victoria, who first sat 
    up and then stood in front of her.  "Take my skirt off Cheryl, you
    didn't want to see my bare cunt yesterday, but today you're going 
    to suck it, you're going to push your tongue deep inside it and
    lick it and drink my cum".

    As Cheryl slowly undid the zipper on the skirt, Victoria pulled 
    her tube top off.  Cheryl finished popping the last button on the 
    girls waist and let the skirt drop to the floor.  We both stared 
    at Victorias body, she was lithe and tanned all over.  She wasn't 
    wearing underwear, and her pussy was bare and smooth, and as tan 
    as the rest of her.  Her cunt lips were puffy and swollen, 
    slightly parted revealing a flash of pink between her legs.  She
    had the smallest, tightest ass I had ever seen.

    "Lay on the floor, you little slut, I'm going to ride your face 
    with my cunt, I'm going to cover your face with my juices, I want 
    to feel your toungue deep inside me".  I liked the way Victoria 
    was talking to my daughter, giving her orders and humiliating her 
    even more.  This was an added bonus, I hadn't considered that she 
    might also get off on having Cheryl as a sex slave, but she was
    obviously enjoying it.

    Still staring at Victorias pussy, Cheryl slid off the couch and 
    lay on the floor, her knees raised and parted wide.  Her pussy was
    swollen and wet, the lips parted and I could see deep into her 
    cunt.  She looked beautiful.

    Victoria straddled her face and lowered herself onto my daughters 
    face.  Her back was towards me and as her ass cheeks parted I 
    stared at the pink rosebud of her ass.

    Reaching down, Victoria grasped Cheryls long nipples between her 
    fingers and thumbs, and started pulling and twisting them.  "Lick 
    me, you slut, lick my cunt".

    I looked at my daughters face and saw her eyes open wide as 
    Victoria pulled on her nipples.  Then she started licking at the 
    girls bare pussy and her eyes closed as she tasted another woman 
    for the first time.

    "Yess, that's it, lick it, suck on my clit, shove your tongue
    into my cunt" she whispered, then, pulling Cheryls nipples even
    harder, stretching them from her body, "Mmmm, these nipples,
    Cheryl, we have to pierce them, they're so long, we have to
    stick some rings in them so that I can put chains on them and
    pull them even harder".  As she said this, Cheryls body spasmed
    and her legs opened even wider.

    She moved forward slightly on Cheryls face "Now my sashole, you 
    little cunt sucking slut, lick it, push your tongue up my ass, 
    suck it, taste my shithole" she ordered.  Cheryls' eyes opened
    wide once more and I looked down into her face as she ran her
    tongue around the rim of Victorias rosebud asshole.  "Yes,
    that's it, baby", I whispered to her as I put my face next to
    hers, "Suck her ass.  Can you taste her, show me your tongue
    deep in her hole, push it as far in there as you can".  Cheryl
    looked at me and I watched her straighten her tongue and push
    it into Victorias ass.

    Victoria released Cheryl's nipples and reached down for her legs. 
    She pulled them up, trapping them under her arms.  My daughter was
    now fully exposed, her pussy and ass were pointing up into the air
    and were wide open.  With her fingers, Victoria spread the lips of
    Cheryls cunt, exposing her clit and rubbing it with her thumb. 
    She leaned down and ran her tongue around the hole, darting it in 
    and out.

    Cheryl groaned into Victorias ass as she felt this new assault on 
    her body.  "Keep sucking slut, keep sucking my shithole, make me 
    cum, shove your fingers up my cunt."

    I moved in front of Victoria and pulled my shorts off, releasing 
    my cock, which was hard again.  I rubbed the tip across my 
    daughters asshole, over her open pussy and exposed clit, and 
    between Victorias lips.  Back and forth, across Cheryls soaking 
    crotch and into Victorias soft mouth I moved, masturbating myself 
    with their bodies.

    Victoria was grinding her ass down on Cheryls face, swearing and 
    gasping each time my cock left her mouth.  Cheryl was rotating her
    hips as I rubbed my cock back and forth over her ass and cunt, 
    moaning into Victorias' asshole.  We were able to keep going for 
    another two minutes, but then as Victoria goraned and came 
    violently, Cheryls thighs straightened and her stomach muscles 
    tightened as she also shuddered to a climax.  I gave two more 
    thrusts of my cock, and shot another load of hot cum; this time, 
    instead of soaking my shorts, it sprayed over my daughters bare 
    crotch and coated Victorias lips and nose.  Panting and moaning, 
    we collapsed in a pile on the floor, arms and legs and cock and 
    tits and bare, slimy, wet pussies.

    It took thirty minutes for us to recover, but eventually we did, 
    and moved together into the bathroom and showered and cleaned up. 
    After drying, Victoria and I dressed Cheryl in a very thin white 
    silk blouse and cotton miniskirt;  her nipples were clearly 
    visible and, if she wasn't careful bending or sitting, so were her
    ass and pussy.  Victoria said she knew a Tattoo parlor in the 
    Valley, so, with Cheryl murmering in fear and excitement, we 
    climbed into the front seat of the car, with her in the middle.

    Twenty minutes later, after flashing Cheryls body to several truck
    drivers, we parked in front of the place and got out of the car. 
    "Please Daddy, please, do we have to do this?" whispered Cheryl.

    "Yes, we do baby, Victoria is right, those long hard nipples of 
    yours deserve to be shown off, they are going to look beautiful 
    with little gold rings".  She groaned again as we walked through 
    the door and into the place.

    I looked around the shop; there were photographs of tattooed 
    bodies on the walls, and in the corner was a doctor's style padded
    table, surrounded by a couple of smaller tables holding various 
    needles and inks and other items.  Sitting at a desk was a tall
    black guy, about thirty-some years old, obviously the owner. 
    Against the wall were some chairs, and sitting on one was a young 
    white teeenager.

    "What can I do for you folks?", asked the owner.

    "This is my daughter," I replied, "She, err, we need some 
    piercing."

    He looked at Cheryl and then back at me.  "Is that right, little 
    girl, you want another set of holes in your ears?".  The teenager 
    had been looking hungrily at both Cheryl and Victoria, but hearing
    our conversation, went back to being bored.

    Cheryl looked at me and at Joe, the owner, trembling.

    "No, it's not her ears that we want pierced, is it Cheryl?"

    Joe's dark eyes crinkled into a smile, and the teenager
    started paying more attention, sitting up in his chair.

    "N-n-no", mumbled Cheryl, "we, err, I, err, my nipples", she 
    stammered.

    Smiling broadly now, he stood up and walked over to us. "Ok, I
    can do that, why don't you show me what you've got", he said
    matter-of-factly.

    "Here?  B-but, there's no curtains, it's open".

    "Yes, here, little lady, don't worry, I've seen everything before,
    you're no different.  Now take off your shirt and get on the
    table".  The teenager grinned lewdly and rubbed the crotch of his
    jeans as Cheryl glanced at him nervously.  Joe followed her eyes;
    "Don't worry about him, girl, if you're going to put rings in
    your tits, you shouldn't be worried about who's going to see 
    'em!  Anyway, Mike here is okay, he helps me out once in a while".

    Cheryl sighed in resignation, and slowly unbuttoned her blouse. 
    She climbed onto the table and let it fall off her shoulders.  The
    two men stared in appreciation at her bare breasts as they 
    trembled, and at her still hard, long nipples.

    "Oh yeah, this is going to be nice" Joe muttered as he reached
    out and held her nipples between his fingers, "yeah, real nice,
    long and hard, just like they should be".

    The sight of this stranger, this large black guy pulling on my 
    daughters nipples and squeezing her breasts was making me hard.  I
    looked over at Victoria.  She smiled and licked her lips, "Mmmm, 
    she's going to look like such a hot slut with them".  The teenager
    was sitting up straight now, slowly stroking his crotch and 
    massaging his hard-on through his jeans.

    The owner covered a cotton swab in alcohol and rubbed Cheryls left
    breast and nipple with it.  As the alcohol evaporated, the cold 
    made the nipple even harder.  Cheryl groaned.

    "Cold, ain't it", Joe growled, "don't you worry, little
    girl, this won't hurt much".  He applied more alcohol while 
    picking up a gold earing, about half an inch in diameter and
    resting it on Cheryls naked chest.  Still rubbing her nipple,
    he picked up a curved needle.  Cheryl saw it and her eyes
    opened wide in fear.  He started blowing on her nipple, causing
    the alcohol to evaporate even faster, cooling it even more, and
    slightly numbing it.  He pulled the nipple up and away from her
    body, stretching it and quickly pushed the needle through the
    pink-brown tip of her breast.  Cheryl's eyes and jaws clenched
    tight as she squeeled through her teeth.  Still stretching the
    nipple, he pushed the gold ring through my daughters flesh and
    then released his fingers, letting her breast drop back to her
    body.
 
    We stared down at the mans handiwork.  The nipple was red and 
    swollen, the gold ring piercing it about halfway up, there was the
    smallest drop of blood around the hole where the gold entered one 
    side; he was obviously good at his job.

    Within seconds, Joe had my daughters other breast in his large
    hand, and had repeated the procedure, accompanied by another 
    squeel from Cheryl.  She lay there panting as we looked down at 
    her tits, thw two gold rings glinting in the light.  "Oh, Cheryl, 
    they are beautiful", gasped Victoria, "Beautiful, They look so 
    hot, I can't wait to touch them, feel them".

    "Yeah, real nice, little girl, real nice", agreed Joe softly
    stroking the base of her breasts, trying to take her mind of
    the stinging pain, "you got real nice tits and those rings
    really set of your nipples, make them look real sexy".

    "There's, uh, one more thing", I said, "we'd like a tattoo".

    "On her tits, no, you don't want to do that, you don't want to 
    detract from those beautiful tits with rings in the nipples", he 
    said, looking at me as he continued stroking her body.

    "No, not her tits, lower down, much lower", I smiled.  Cheryl 
    looked at me, but realised there was no use in arguing, and didn't
    say anything.

    He looked down at Cheryl and then back at me, grinning.  "Just 
    what did you have in mind", he asked, "what kind of tattoo?"

    I looked around the room, at all the photographs.  My eyes settled
    on one of a woman's breast, with a small rose above the nipple. 
    "That looks good, the rose is very pretty", I said, pointing at 
    the photograph.

    "Okay, that's easy enough.  Now, little lady, get up and take off
    your skirt and panties, this'l only take a few minutes, and 
    compared to the rings, you'll hardly feel it.  Mike, come over 
    here, you can help me with the inks".  Grinning widely, the 
    teenager stood up off the chair and took the couple of steps to 
    the table.  His cock looked like it was ready to bust open his 
    button-fly jeans, and Cheryl stared at it as she sat up on the 
    table.  The sight of the gold rings hanging from her bare breasts,
    and the thought of both these guys seeing her naked as they 
    tattooed her pussy was almost too much, my cock was leaking precum
    into my pants.
 
    Her faced crimson, Cheryl sat up and undid the button on her 
    skirt.  She pulled the zipper down and lay back on the table. 
    Lifting her hips, she let Joe pull it down her legs.  He smiled 
    widely as her bare pussy came into view, and Mike's mouth just 
    hung open.  "Oh, yeah, very sexy", whispered Joe, "You are one 
    hot little girl, very hot.  I love the sight of bare white pussy".

    Joe pulled Cheryls' miniskirt completely off, and my daughter lay 
    on the table totally naked as the two men, as well as Victoria and
    I, stared down at her beautiful body.  Joe ran his dark fingers 
    over her mound and between her legs, pushing them open.  "Very 
    smooth, very pretty", he commented as I stared at the contrast 
    between his hand and Cheryl's naked sex.

    "Put it as close to her lips as you can" I mentioned to Joe.

    "Oh, I can get it very close", replied Joe, running his fingers up
    over her cunt lips, "how about if I start the stem down here, on 
    the left, and bring it up so the bud is right above her clit?".

    I looked down as he traced a line around her pussy with his 
    finger, and Cheryl twitched as she felt a strangers fingers 
    touching her cunt.  I looked into her face and mouthed "I Love
    You".  She smiled back and relaxed, parting her legs wider, 
    completely exposing herself to us.

    Joe was touching her more, now, pulling her labia open as he 
    pictured the tattoo in his mind.  I could see that his finger tips
    were glistening and realised that Cheryl was getting wet from his 
    touch.  Finally, his mind clear, Joe started work with the needle,
    using the black, green and red inks whic Mike passed to him. 
    Cheryl lay there quietly, biting her lip and flinching every now 
    and again as he pulled on her cunt and punctured the skin with the
    needle.

    Fifteen minutes later, he was finished and I looked down at my 
    daughters naked crotch, a beautiful rose sitting a fraction of an 
    inch above her clit, the stem winding up from her left labia.  In 
    spite of the pain, Cheryl had become very wet during the 
    procedure, and Joe's fingers as well as her bare pussy glistened
    under the lights.

    With thanks to Joe, Victoria and I helped Cheryl dress and started
    towards the door.  As we were leaving, Joe called out to me and 
    said "You know, a pretty, pussy like that, with those plump lips, 
    sure would look nice with a ring in each one!".

    Cheryl just gasped and ran out of the door towards the car.  I 
    looked at Joe and replied, "Yeah, yeah that would look good. 
    Maybe we'll be back one day!".

    We drove home and stripped Cheryl of her clothes so that we could 
    stare at her now decorated body.  I could not believe this was my 
    daughter, she looked so sexy, standing there in front of me, a 
    rose winding up from between her legs and blossoming above her 
    clit.  Gold rings hanging from her nipples, just begging to be 
    linked with a chain and tugged.

    I let Cheryl go and ley down for the rest of the evening, I wanted
    her to recover from the pain and sensitivity before we went any 
    further, but I was determined to continue enjoying her 
    exhibitionistic and submissive nature.  As she slept, Victoria and
    I talked, and she reminded me of the strip joint a few miles from 
    our home.  Could we get Cheryl to dance in there, to show her body
    to twenty or thirty hot and horny guys, let them stare at her 
    rings and tattoo?

    We started planning straight away.... Cheryl was going back to her
    mothers tomorrow, but would be back at my house for a two week 
    vacation next Friday.......
 
--



