                         The Tickling Bandit

     Gently but firmly he finished typing the last knot.  Beautiful! 
This was the third victim in a row he had been able to tie up without
waking them.  Now the "Tickling Bandit" was about to strike again!

     Looking down at his captive, he decided that this was the most beautiful
woman he had found yet.  Long, flowing blonde hair, great tan, tall, probably
5'9" or more, seemed to have a great body through the nightgown.  He hadn't 
even seen her toes yet, because she slept with her socks on.  But taking a 
glance at her fingers told him that her toes were most likely nice and long.
Since he was wearing a ski mask and had blue contacts in his eyes (they were
normally brown), he hadn't bothered to blindfold her, but the tape gag was a
necessity.

     And her bed was MADE for tying someone to it!   The arms he just pulled
up over her head and tied to each post, but the feet were positioned perfectly.
In the footboard were 2 holes about a foot apart that her feet just slipped 
into (going lengthwise) but couldn't get out of otherwise,  a few feet of nylon
rope finished the job nicely, and she was helpless.

     Before waking her, he made a quick search of the house to ensure that she
lived alone.  It was a lot harder to keep someone quiet when they were being
tickled, and with other people in the house, it was hard to be inconspicuous.
Better to have an empty house and be able to make some noise.  He also found
some interesting items to aid him in his little session with her.

     Well, everything was all set!  Sitting down on the edge of the bed, he 
took the scissors he carried and carefully cut away her nightgown and then
her bra and panties.  She certainly did have a great body!  Long legs, full
round breasts, everything he could ask for.  Pulling the scraps of clothing
away, he shook her and watched while she slowly awakened to her predicament.

     "I promise I will not hurt you in any way," he told her, "You may have
heard of me.  I am the 'Tickling Bandit'."  Her eyes widened with horror, and
a low moan escaped the gag.  "You are familiar with me then?"  She nodded.  
"Then you know I mean you no harm, but you are in for a long night."  She 
nodded again, then shook her head with a pleading look in her eyes.  "Well, 
I'm sorry.  Once I choose, there is no turning back.  No further discussion 
will be made."

     "I usually don't do this, but I will give you the choice of where you wish
to be tickled first.  But, choose wisely, for if you pick your least ticklish
spot first, you must endure the most ticklish later, unless you prefer to save
the agony for last.  I will name three places that I am going to concentrate on
tonight and you think them all over.  Then I will ask again, and you signify
with a nod or a shake of your head which one is first.  The rest is up to me."

     "Number one:  your underarms.  Number two:  your stomach/ribs.  Number
three:  your feet.  Think carefully."  He repeated the selections, and the nod
came at the underarms.  "All right, welcome to the Tickle Zone!"  And it began.

     Taking out an item he found in his search, he held it up in front of her
eyes.  "Know what this is?  Right!!  A turkey baster brush!  Know what you are?
Right!!  A turkey!"  With that, he took the brush and ran it along the inside 
of her right underarm, watching her eyes close, and her body ripple under the
touch of the brush.  Then the same on the left side.  The bristles were very
soft, so he scrubbed them quickly from side to side up and down both underarms
as she wriggled unsuccessfully to free herself.  He could her her muffled 
giggling through the gag and he loved every minute of it.
 
     After 15 minutes of non-stop armpit torture he quit.  Her firm, perfectly-
rounded breasts heaved as she panted through her nose trying to catch her 
breath.  She was just beginning to sweat from the exertion of laughing/bucking.
The turkey baster rested gently between her breasts and began a leisurely
stroll right down the middle of her chest, tummy, and down into her belly 
button.  Softly running if in, out, and around her navel really made her go 
into a frenzy of motion.  Continuing here for hearly 20 minutes had her 
completely exhausted, and she lay there limp after he had finished. 
 
     "Had enough?" he asked.  She nodded weakly.  "Well, I'm sorry.  The
MINIMUM time I spend is two hours, and you've just passed the half-hour mark.
You are nowhere near being done."  She lay her head back on the bed, resigned
to her fate.

     He was anxious to get to her feet, but also wanted to keep them until the
very last.  Bending over until his mouth touched her belly button, he started
to very lightly lick her stomach from pantyline to braline.  Again her body
jerked around, but what really got her moving was when he tenderly grasped her
two ticklish spots in her sides and started tweaking them.  NOW she twisted
and bucked uncontrollably, screaming beneath the gag for mercy, and receiving
none.

     This last bout them to an hour of tickling, and she was sucking air 
through her nose so quickly that he decided to remove the gag.  "You must
promise NOT to yell when this comes off, or it goes right back on, and the
time automatically triples.  O.K.?"  Although they were a good 1/4 mile from
the nearest house, he didn't want to take any chances.  She shook her head
'yes' vigorously and he removed the tape.

     After 5 minutes of near-hyperventilating she calmed down enough to speak.
"Why are you doing this to me?"  He replied, "I didn't single you out, but I
saw you and I can' stand seeing a beautiful woman without knowing if she is 
ticklish or not."

     "Are you convinced that I am?" she asked in a rather hoarse voice.  "Oh, 
yes, but we haven't covered everything yet,"  he said.  "Please, I'll do 
anything to have you stop this -- money, sex, whatever it takes."

     "If I wanted money, I'd go through the place right now.  If I wanted sex,
you aren't in a position to say 'no' anyway," he said, looking pointedly at
her bound arms and legs.  "I just love to see a woman squirm under my touch."

     "But why tickling?" she asked.  

     "I guess because when I was little (4 or 5 years old), my older brother 
(17 or so) was babysitting me one night, and had his girlfriend over.  He 
put me to bed early, but I wanted to see what they were doing, and snuck down-
stairs to watch.  She was lying on her stomach and he was sitting beside her,
massaging her back.  He must have bumped her underarm or stomach, because she
jumped a mile and yelled at him 'DON'T TICKLE ME -- YOU KNOW HOW SENSITIVE I
AM THERE!!'  He apologized, but got a sly look on his face.  A few minutes 
later, he came back, and his back pockets were bulging, unbeknowndst to her. 
He again started to rub her back, but sat on top of her this time.  Suddenly
he grabbed her wrists and held them behind her as he snapped on a pair of 
genuine police handcuffs and tightened them.  'Hey -- what's going on?' she 
cried.  Boy would she find out!  He rolled her over and said, 'This is your
punishment for yelling at me for accidentally tickling you.'  She said she
was sorry, but he shook his head and turned her back over.  He then crossed
her feet at the ankles (her shoes and socks were still on) and quickly would
some clothesline around them, trapping them, too.  Then with the dangling end
of the rope, he bent her legs at the knees and tied the rope end to the chain
of the cuffs, effectively hog-tying her.  Again she pleaded for lenience, but
his mind was made up.
     
     Even though they were hard to get at, he tickled her sides and her under-
arms for a few minutes, and left her panting.  Now the REAL torture started!
He pulled her over to a wall and sat with his back against it, while threading
his legs through hers to hold her immobile.  Removing her shoes and socks 
renewed her efforts to get loose or talk him out of it.  Lightly kissing each
sole and each individual toe before starting, he said, 'I love you, honey.'
     
     Since he had crossed her ankles before binding them, she couldn't put her
feet together to protect her arches and toes and heels.  He scraped his fingers
up and down both insteps as she laughed and tried to escape (swearing at him
all the while).  After 15 minutes, he tried a new tactic:  licking and nibbling.
The licked affected her toes incredibly because she didn't stop moving the 
entire time he did it.  Then to finalize the ecstacy/agony he was putting her
through, he pulled out a set of fat felt-tip pens and started to draw pictures
on her ticklish soles.  Soon she was screaming, 'I'll pee if you don't stop!'
So he un-hogtied her and rolled her over, leaving her ankles and wrists bound.
Then things got a little hotter, so I went back upstairs.  

     "Which brings us back to you!  I still have the lower half of your body to
work on.  I will leave the gag off if you promise to try to be quiet."

     Pulling out the long, stiff peacock feather he had, he asked her "Are you
ticklish on your inner thighs?"  She shrugged her shoulders and said she'd never
been tickled there before.  As soon as the feather touched she almost broke the
ropes and yelled "YES!".  "Good," he replied, and continued to torment the soft
flesh there for another half hour.  
     
     "One spot left," he declared, as she begged, "Please, not my feet."  He 
replied, "Sorry, this is the most fun for me."

     He pulled a chair up to the end of the bed as she lay quivering and praying
that he wouldn't do it.  Slowly he rolled the right sock up and just over her 
heel.  He wanted to torment himself, too, and wait as long as possible before
seeing her gorgeous (he hoped) toes.  Very lightly he stroked her heel bottom.
She started squirming in her bonds, hoping to free herself.  He increased the
tempo a little and she squirmed more.  He then rolled up the left sock to the
same spot and did the same to the left heel.  Then both heels were being tickled
at the same time and she was moving spastically.  Finally her could take no more
waiting to see the toes and pulled both socks off at once.  

     Yes!  She definitely had the best toes he had ever seen!  Her foot was 
smooth and soft and each toe was long and beautiful.  Gently holding back the
toes on her right foot, he started to nibble on the pad under them.  This caused
her to move the bed because she jumped so strongly.  His other hand caressed the
sole and toes of the other foot in a maddening tickling rhythm that almost made
her lose her mind.  Then he switched feet and nibbled on the left while tickling
the right.  After a full straight hour, she was covered in sweat and lay limply
on the bed, tired out.  "You have been such a good girl that I must do this one
last thing to you.  I have never tried this on any of my victims, but have 
always wanted to."  Saying that, he pulled out a pack of Crayola markers.  "I 
may have to stay the rest of the night!" he declared.  Oh no!


