"How did I get myself into this mess?" Carole asked herself.  She
again tested the rope that held her wrists together.  Even the
ropes that secured them behind her head and to the chair back
wouldn't give a fraction of an inch.  The ropes that bound her
ankles and legs together didn't give either, and her legs secured
to the support bar of the chair kept her feet immobile.  Other than
moving her head, she was completely immobile.

"If I hadn't been so damn arrogant and stubborn, I wouldn't be
here.  Me and my big mouth."  That problem was solved by the wadded
cloth in her mouth and the wide black tape over her lips.

"I hope he didn't leave or something." she thought to herself.  "It
must be past six o'clock now."

The fact was on Friday's, nobody stays much past five, especially
the warehouse crew. Except for herself and her capture Keith, the
building was empty.  Even if someone was in the building, the gag
prevent anyone from hear her make her muffled grunts and groans.

"This is hopeless!" She thought to herself. "He's got me tied so
tight, I can't move at all. Man, does he ties tight knots. I can't
even reach any important ones. I guess I just got to wait for him
to come back.  I hope it's soon.  My arms are getting tired."

She began to review how she would up like this.  It seemed simple
enough, but what a strange result happened.

Eariler that morning, she went down to the warehouse, with a stack
of orders that needed to get out today.  When she gave them to
Keith, he was less than thrilled.

'Why does everybody wait till Friday to get there orders out. Good
luck filling all these by five o'clock.'

'What's the matter?' she teased. 'Can't you boys handle it?'

'Hey, we can handle anything, anytime.' Keith was in no mode for
jokes or teasing. 'A lot more that you soft office people type.'

'I can handle anything that comes my way, a lot more than you.'

Keith was just in the right mood for a smart remark like that.

'You think so, huh.  More than I can give you?'

'Of course.  Lots more.' she responded, never expecting him to call
her bluff.  She turned to walk away when he asked the question.

'Want to put it to the test, or are you just all talk?'

Now she was stuck.  If she didn't respond, maybe she could just
pretend she didn't hear him and just keep going. 

No, there's no way she could pull that off.  He said it to loud and
clear.  That would just as bad as saying no.  With that option, he
would consider her a fake and a big mouth. Maybe, he was bluffing.

'Anytime you want.' she said.  Maybe he might back down.  Instead
he stepped from behind his desk and over to her.

'Then come down after work and we'll put it to the test.' he said
quietly, but with a strait face.

'We'll see.' she said as she turned on her heel and walked away.

Throughout the day, she wondered what was going to happen that
night.  She had to go down.  Pride wouldn't let her just forget it
and go home without finishing the challenge.

She came to the conclusion that this was going to be just a bad
attempt to get into her panties. That would be easy enough to get
out of. Just say no. He can't refuse that.  Best of all, it's not
a challenge, but just a pass, and a bad one at that.

The day wore on until it was finally five o'clock.  The other
office people took off like it was a race.  Carole waited a few
minutes, waiting for the office to clear.  She grabbed her purse
and headed down.

'I'll just go down and get this over with.' she thought as she
walked down the steps. 'Shouldn't take more than a few minutes.'

She got down to the warehouse.  The place seemed empty, with only
a few fixtures lighting the place. She went over to Keith's desk. 
He was still there, waiting.

'About time.' he said looking up from his paper work.

'Don't you like waiting?' she replied.

'Actually, I'm surprised you came at all.  I figured you'd duck
out, or at lease bring someone with you.'

'I can take care of myself, thank you.' she responded coldly.

'Oooh, well arn't we tough. We'll see about that.' Keith said as he
put his pencil down.

'Look, if this is some lame brain attempt to screw me, you can just
forget it.  I'm not easy or cheap.'

'Don't worry. It's not as simple as that.' he responded.  'This is
a test of your endurance, how much you can handle, remember?'

'Yeah, I remember.' she said, putting on her tough act again. 'And
it still goes.  Anything you can give out.'

'Then let's find out.' he said as he opened the bottom drawer of
his desk.  'Sit down, make yourself comfortable.' Keith said as he
motioned to the chair in front of the desk.

Carole sat down and placed her purse beside the chair.  Keith
pulled several bundles of rope out from the drawer.  Carole didn't
see what it was at first.  She realized it when he came out from
behind the desk with his cords.

'What the hell is that?' she questioned, becoming a little
uncomfortable.

'This is rope.' he replied. 'Ever see it before.'

'Of course I have.  I mean, what are you doing with it?'

'I going to tie you up.' he said very simply.

'What do you mean, tie me up!  What the hell....' she stammered.

'Hey, you're the one who said she could take anything.  Are you
changing your mind?' he said showing her a bundle.

'No..but I didn't think you meant this.  I was expecting...um..'

'What were you expecting?  A quick fuck on the floor?  Please give
me more credit for imagination than that.'

'Yeah...well...I never agreed to, to this.'

'What you agreed to was to take on anything I could give out. Well
honey, this...' he said holding up the rope, 'is what I'm giving
you, or can't you handle it?'

Now Carole was really stuck.  It was put up or shut up time. 
Damned if he couldn't be so cleaver.  But damned also if he was
going to get the better of her without at least putting up some
kind of challenge.

'I can handle it.' she said proudly.

'Fine.' he said with a smile. 'Then let's get started.  Give me
your wrists, please.'

She looked him square in the eyes defiantly for a moment before
offering up her hands.

'Cross them at the wrists, one on top of the other.'

She did as he requested, placing her right hand over her left. In
a flash, he had tightly wound the rope and criss-crossed her wrists
before knotting the ends.  After the binding, she drop her hands
into her lap.

'How's that?' he said.

'That's it?' she replied, 'I could be free in a moment. Man, you
stink at this.'

'Glad to hear you think that way.  Thanks for giving me the green
light to continue.'

Tricked again my his cleverness.  She could have kicked herself.

Next, he took more rope and looped it around her wrist ropes. Then,
stepping behind her, he pulled her hands up and behind her head,
securing the ends to the back of the chair.

'That ought to keep those out of the way.' he said.

'Maybe, maybe not.' she replied.

He took up more rope. 'Place your feet together, flat on the floor,
so your toes and your heels are together.  And press your knees and
thighs together.'

She complied.  Keith knelt at her feet and wound rope around her
ankles. He pulled the cord tight, pulling her ankles together. He
Then took the ends and cinched the middle of the ropes, hobbling
her feet completely.  He picked up another rope and looped it
around her ankles ropes, then tied the ends to the leg supports of
the chair.  The end result was her feet were immobilized.

'How am I doing now?' Keith asked.

'Oh, I guess a little better.' Carole replied.  Fact was, she knew
she was in trouble.

'Well, let me finish then.' Keith answered.

"What, he's not done yet?" Carole thought to herself.  "What more
can he do.  I can't go anywhere.  I'm helpless."

She wished she didn't find out.  Keith pulled out a cloth and
showed it to Carole. 'Know what it's for?'

'Oh no you don't...mmpph.'

'Oh yes I do.' he said as he placed the cloth between lips. Carole
pushed it out of her mouth with her tongue.  Keith picked it up and
put his face in hers.

'Don't do that again.' he said.

Carole realized she better do what he says.

'Open your mouth!' he commanded.  Carole did and the cloth went
back in.


Keith turned around and went back to his desk.  He opened the top
desk drawer and pulled out a roll of black tape.  He came back over
to her, pulled a eight inch strip off the roll and placed it over
her lips.

'That'll hold it in place now.' he said triumphal.  'Now, what else
can I do.

"What else is there to do?" she thought. "What else can you do?"

'Ah, I know.' he said as he grabbed a rope and knelt in front of
her.  He slowly slid her skirt up her legs, revealing her thighs.

Carole wore a black, below the knee skirt that day.  Along with a
white long sleeve blouse, tan pantyhose and black, three inch high
heels.  Now Keith was turning her skirt into an above the knee
outfit.

'Mmph!  Mmmuuuumph, mmphh!' she grunted, wanting to say 'What are
you doing!  Cut it out!  

'Oh, don't worry.' he responded.  'You have nice legs anyway.  You
should ware shorter skirts and show them off more.'

Keith coiled a rope around her thighs just above her knees. Again
he cinched the middle, just to make it extra snug.  He then stood
up and surveyed his work.

He did nice work.  She tugged and pulled on the ropes, but it was
futile. Carole wasn't going anywhere. Her muffled grunts attested
to her efforts, but didn't carry very far. In fact, if anyone was
around, they might not even hear her.

He also look Carole over. For the first time he realized how sexy
of a woman she was. She really did have nice legs. In fact, her
whole body was nice. Nice sized firm breasts, small waist, smooth
well sized hips, and though he couldn't see much of it, a perfect
ass.  She was very attractive, with green eyes and below the
shoulder curly brown hair.  On the beach, in a bikini, she would
make the guy stare and bulges building in their suits.

'We'll, that will do for the moment.' he said after a moment.  'Now
Miss I-can-take-care-of-myself, is this more than you can handle?'

Carole, knowing full well that she was in over her head, defiantly
shook her head.  She wasn't going to give in quickly. He was going
to have to be a lot more creative than this.

'Oh, still have your pride, hey.  Well then, this just might be a
very long night for you.  You just stay her for a while and think
this through.' Then, just as an after though, he reached down and
opened a few buttons on her blouse, just until her bar showed.


'Mmph. Mmmuuuumph, mmphh!' again she cried. "What are you doing?"

'Makes you look more like a damsel in distress, which, by the way,
you are at the moment.'

He turned, after giving her one more look over, and disappeared
into the warehouse, leaving her alone to ponder.

"How stupid I've been." she though to herself.  "Got to try and get
free, so he won't win." She tried and tried, but it was impossible. 
Keith had bound her to well.  She was in this for the duration, or
until he tired of it.

She thought about giving in, admitting she couldn't manage this. 
But once again, her pride and her curiosity wouldn't let her. She
wanted to see what was next, what else he had in store for her.  

So, here Carole sits, waiting for Keith to return.  She has been
tied up for over a half hour now.  Not a rope or a knot has slipped
a bit. On occasion, she thought she had heard someone moving
around, or moving something around.  But it faded as quick as she
heard it.  

"Is he ever going to come back?" she wondered.  

Just then, most of the lights in the warehouse went off.  Someone
was still there. Keith must be doing it. A moment later she heard
footsteps coming up from behind.  She tried to turn and look, but
with the shadows and her restraints, she couldn't see much.

It was Keith.  He had been doing a bit of scouting.  First, through
the building, checking for employees working late.  Only finding
the cleaning people working in the office, he returned to the
warehouse, happy that they wouldn't be interrupted.  Next, he
prospected for Carole's next test, provided she didn't admit she
was in over her head.  Finding the needed spots, he arranged a few
things and thought about his next move.

From time to time, he would check in on her, making sure she was
still properly fastened down, and that she was alright.  He also
enjoyed watching her, her struggles and her movements.  At one
point, he was so excited watching her struggle, he thought about
jerking off.  But she stopped struggling, and Keith thought it
better to wait.  Maybe something better might come along.

'Well, you still think you can handle anything that comes your
way.' he said leaning over, face to face.

Carole nodded her head, fight still left in her.  'Boy, you're
stubborn.' he said. 'Well, only one thing to do.' he said as he
knelt down and untied the ropes holding her ankles to the chair.

Carole thought it might be over.  Maybe he was feeling guilty about
all this and was going to just let her go.

She was wrong.  After releasing her connecting rope, he moved
behind her and released the rope holding her hands behind her head. 
Her hands fell into her lap.

"Man, that's better." she thought.

He let her sit there for a moment.  Carole looked up at him.

"When is he going to untie the rest of 'em?" she thought.  She held
up her wrists to him, asking him to do it.

'Are you saying you've had enough?' he asked.

Carole shook her head.  But she wanted to be untied.

'Then we're not done yet, are we?' he said as he got her to her
feet. 'Like I said, this could be a long night.'

'Mmmpph?' Carole grunted. "This isn't over?" she thought.

'We're just going to keep going until one of us gives in and I
don't plan on giving in.  I've got all weekend.' Keith said this as
he was wrapping rope around her upper body and arms, below her
breasts, pinning her arms to her body.

'Now, We can do this easy or hard.' he continued. 'Either you can
hop across the warehouse, or, if you can be a good girl, I'll untie
your ankles and you can walk.  You goin'a be good?'

Carole didn't like the idea of jumping around on high heels, so she
wisely nodded her head.  Keith untied the ropes around her ankles,
by kept her thighs pinned together.

They had to walk slowly.  Walking with just your lower legs isn't
easy.  Carole wondered if hopping would have been easier.  After a
few long minutes, they finally reached their destination.

Keith led her over to a steal support column.  After removing the
rope from around her torso, legs and wrists, he instructed her to
stand with her back against the post.  She knew what was coming up. 
Tied to the post, like an indian captive.  But he had a few more
surprises for her.

'Take off your blouse.' he ordered.

'Mmmph?' Carol responder with eyes wide open.

'You heard me.  Take it off, or can't you handle that?'

Carole figured he would get it off of her, whether she did it or he
did it himself.  She opened the remaining buttons and slid off the
white blouse.  At least her bra was nice, black, lacy, not some
boring cotton one.  He took the blouse and placed in on a hook
behind himself.  Again her turned to her.

'Now, take off your pantyhose.' he again ordered.

Carole didn't argue.  She stepped out of her heels and slid off the
nylons. At least she still had on her skirt and panties.  She
wasn't naked, at least not yet.

Keith took the pantyhose and placed them on the hook.  

'Put your heels back on.'

Carole found that a little strange, but she did it.  It took a
minute, for it was hard without something between the skin and
leather.  She did so, then stood with her hands at her sides.

'Put your hands around the poll.'

Carole complied. Keith quickly bound her hands together.  Then he
came around in front of her and made a single loop of rope around
her ankles, then a single lope around the poll and tied it off.

Then he came back in front of her.

'One more thing to remove.' he said with a smile.  He reached
behind her and released the hook on her skirt.  Carole was
surprised.  She didn't figure he would do that.  She fought a
little, but knew she couldn't do a thing about it.  Keith slowly
pulled the zipper down, then slowly slid the skirt down her legs.

'Step out of it.' he said after he untied the ankle rope.  Carole
did, leaving her left only with her matching bra, high cut bikini
panties and heels.

Now the real ropes were applied.  He wound rope around her torso,
above and below her breasts, at her waist, hips thighs, knees,
lower legs and ankles.  All of them around her body and the poll. 
Within a few minutes, she was firmly anchored to the post, a new
part of the support.

Keith stepped back and look his work over.  Again, all the cords
were tight, the knots firm, and her body secure.  Carole couldn't
move a muscle.  Her tape gag still in place, keeping her quite.

Keith pulled up a chair and sat down several feet from her.  The
show was beginning.  Carole struggled and strained, but without
hope of freedom.  Keith watch for several minutes, enjoying.

'Well,' he said after a while, 'I'll leave you to ponder your
situation.  But I'll be back.'  He stood up and walked away,
disappearing between the rows of stock.

"He didn't even given me the chance to get out of this." she
thought to herself as she struggled.  "Before, he offered to let
call it quits, but not this time.  I wonder how long this is going
to go on."

The column didn't provide much comfort.  In fact, standing there,
the ropes pulling her body against the support, her arms and
shoulders pulled back making her chest stick out, her legs tied
tightly together and to the column, it was rather uncomfortable.

Her struggles were worthless.  She couldn't get free.  Even if she
could, what would she do. Run into the streets half naked.  She was
doing this voluntarily, without threats.  She didn't even put up a
fight when he told her to remove her cloths.  She did everything he
told her to do, without hesitation.

"Yes," she thought to herself., "I got myself deep into it, and now
I'm stuck in it, for who knows how long.  Not much I can do but
relax and enjoy it.  That's funny.  Am I enjoying it?"

There was an interesting though.  Somehow, for some strange reason,
she was enjoying it.  Keith was strong, dominating, commanding. 
She has done everything he wanted, and she listened to him.  That
was the strangest thing.  She never would have subjected herself to
this willingly with someone else.  Tied up and gagged, stripped to
her undies, alone with him.

"Am I really liking this?" she thought to herself.  "I think I am. 
Why else would I be letting him to all this to me, without a fight. 
Am I getting turned on by this guy and his kinky ways?"

She didn't have time to ponder this thought much.  Keith's
returning footsteps echoed through the empty warehouse.

He came out of the dark and up to his bound prisoner.  Not a rope
or a knot had moved.  Nor had Carole.  She looked so enchanting, so
delicious there, all tied up, the lights softly glowing her smooth,
unblemished skin.  He hot hard and horny in a hurry.

He began to lightly touch her.  Carole let out a sigh, or a soft
moan, Keith wasn't sure.  But she wasn't fighting it.  She was
getting turned on. He couldn't believe it.

Neither could Carole.  "Is that all it takes to get me horny?" she
thought to herself.  "A little rope, a strong will and a delicate
touch?  Oh, I am getting hot, and he knows it."

Keith's hands made their way up to her breasts. He opened the clasp
on her bra and pulled the lace cups away.  Her breasts were
magnificent. Flawless round mounds of flesh, full, soft yet firm.

His hands played with her breasts. Carole moaned, her eyes closed
and her head spinning.  He had the right touch.  He played with
them, her hard nipples.  He squeezed and groped and caressed them
until Carole was constantly moaning.

Then, he stopped.  Carole looked at him. 'Uummmph.' she moaned.
"Please, don't stop." is what she thought.  But Keith moved behind
and began to remove the ropes from her body.

"I wonder what is next?" she thought.  "Is he going to free me, to
just tell me to go?"

Keith removed the last ropes.  Still gagged, he pulled the open bra
down off her arms, then pulled her wrists behind her back and tied
her hands together.  Then, without a word, he led her by the arm
down between some isles to the far end of the warehouse. The echo
of her heels clicking through the building as came to their
destination.

Ropes were hanging from a ceiling joist, about six feet apart.
Carole was directed to stand between them.  Keith stood behind her. 
He untied her hands, then raised her left hand above her head.  He
tied a rope to it, making sure there was no slack in the line.  He
then did the same with he right hand.  He arms were pulled tight,
with her hands four feet apart at a 45 degree angle from strait up.

He then began to caress her body from behind.  Carole let out a
long, deep moan.  Keith lightly kissed her shoulders as his hands
made their way around to her ample breasts.  After toying with them
for a moment, his hands slid down to her waist caressed his hands
over her lace covered panties.  They were soaked, and her hips were
moving around, pressing her buttocks into his pelvis.

He hooked his thumbs under panties and began to slowly pull them
down.  Carole thought for a moment. "This is going to fast." then
thought. "I can't stop him.  I don't want to stop him."

He slid the panties down her legs to her ankles.  Carole stepped
out of them.  Now, except for her high heels, she was naked.

Keith, seeing a great opportunity, pulled a long poll out and
spread her legs apart.  With her feet several feet apart, he tied
her ankles to the poll, hold her legs wide open.  A vertical spread
eagle, with Carole displayed and available for his every whim.  He
stepped back and reviewed his lovely prisoner.

And what a site she was.  Trim, firm body.  Soft, smooth skin.
Long, lean, sexy legs.  Full, firm breasts.  Tight, rounded ass. 
Black high heels, white ropes, and black tape gag.  

Again, his hands began to play and explore her body.  He skin as so
smooth and soft, just like a woman should be.  Carole moaned and
groaned as he savored the moment.  

He slowly slid down her body, kissing and sucking her.  Her nipples
were so hard and perfect.  He sucked on them and licked them. 
Carole's head was spinning, it felt so good.  He kissed her tummy,
her thighs, her ankles, her arms.

Then, he moved behind her.  His fingers played with her wet pussy
lips.  Carole went crazy.  Her ass pressed back into him.  She
wanted him, and now.  His fingers probed and penetrated.  She was
so hot and so wet.


"Make me come, please make me come." she thought to herself as she
got closer to her orgasm.

Keith then found her little clit and began to rub it.  Carole went
wild, thrashing as far as the restraints would allow.  Like a
speeding train, she was heading toward her climax.  She moaned and
squirmed in her ropes while he brought her off.

After only thirty seconds of clitoral stimulation, Carole let out
a long half moan, half scream into her gag.  Her whole body
reverberate with the rush of orgasmic pleasure.

Then, it was over.  She hung from the ropes, her body limp, but her
breathing hard and fast.  Keith backed away from her and move back
in front of her.  He pulled a chair up and had a seat.

He thought for a moment.  "Yes.  She will go as far as I want. 
This is going to be excellent."

After a few minutes, he removed her leg spreader and released her
arms restraints.  Again her tied her hands behind her taken over to
a flatbed cart.  She was set on the cart and her hands were freed. 
Then, he bound her wrists to the handle of the cart, about three
three feet apart.  Her ankles and knees were tied together.  One
last rope was attached to her ankle ties, then anchored to the
handle.  This caused her legs to  be bent at the knees at about a
sixty degree angle.  He then began pushing the cart body through
the deserted isles of the dark warehouse.

Carole was taken to where two folding tables were pushed together,
forming one large area.  Keith freed her wrists from the cart but
bound them behind her back again. Then, the rope holding her legs
to the cart was freeded.  He gently picked her up and sat her on
the table tops.  

'Don't say a word.' he commanded as he pulled the tape from her
lips and removed the soaked cloth from her mouth.  Though she
didn't plan on talking, Keith never give her the chance.  He pull
a black bandanna from his back pocket, rolled it up, put a knot in
the middle and presented it to her.  Carole parted her lips to
receive the welcomed gag.  Keith place the knot deep into her mouth
and fastened the ends behind her head.

He stepped back and watched her.  Carole was sitting with her long
legs out to her side, but bent at the knees.  She looked so
enticing, yet so helpless.  She looked back at her captor, both
with desire and a little submissive.  She wanted to see what else
he would, and how her would do it.  She slowly twisted in her
bonds, testing the knots and cords.  It turned him on.

After several minutes, Keith changed her position.  He removed her
fetters and made her lay on her back.  He tied her stretched limbs
down in a tight spread eagle.  The, he tied more rope around her
thighs and to the table, as well as her waist and her chest.  She
became pinned to the table, unable to move.

Keith looked over his bound victim.  He was so turned on, and she
looked so luscious, all tied up, open to his desires.  He couldn't
beleive that this chick was submitting herself like this to him.
His hands began to gravitate over her figure.  Carole felt herself
becomming hot and wet all over again.

After several minutes, he moved between her legs and began to give
her pussy a thorough licking.  He probed her tunnel and licked her
clit.  Carole moaned and groaned through the knotted cloth. Another
orgasm was on the way.

It didn't take long.  Helpless to resist or encourage him, her
orgasm came on strong and hard.  Again the muffled half moan, half
sigh release proceeded her orgasm.  It rippled through her whole
body as she strained against the restraints.  It was better than
before, stronger, longer, more intense.

When it was over, Keith decided it was time for his own climax.  He
knelt on the table between her legs.  Carole watch with desire as
he slowly open his pants and pulled his zipped down. He pulled his
pants down and freed his member.  It was long, at least eight
inches, and a drop of come glisten on the top.  He slowly stroked
it as he looked down at her.

Carole moaned at him, moving her hips as much as the rope would
allow.  "Don't tease me." she thought. "Give me you cock.  Fuck me,
please fuck me!" She wished she could just pull him down on her and
glide his prick into her.  But he continued to tease he with the
slow strokes he did.

Finally, when neither of them could stand it anymore, he moved his
hips to her crotch.  With one quick stroke, he plunged his cock
deep into her wet tunnel.

Keith went to work.  Propped on his hands, he rammed his rod deep
into her again and again.  Carole moaned as she fought against the
ropes.

"Oh yes." she thought.  "That's it.  Fuck me, Fuck me hard."

Keith pumped in and out like he was in a frenzy.  She was so hot
and so wet and felt so good.  He fuck and humped like mad.

He held his orgasm back for as long as he could.  He wanted to
savor this moment for as long as he could.  Carole just wanted him
to explode inside her and fill her with hot come.

Unable to resist any longer, he plunge in to the hilt and blasted
a huge load of jism into her.  This was to much for Carole, and she
came once again herself.  Both of them moaned and groaned as the
shared their united orgasms.

When he finished pumping, Keith slowly pull himself of her and got
himself dressed again.  Carole just laid motionless for a moment,
basking in the afterglow of the moment.

After he caught his breath, he came to her and leaned over her.

'Still think you can handle anything?'

She thought for a moment.  She knew she was under his control.  She
wanted more, more rope, more teasing, more climaxes, more of his
cock in her.  She nodded her head, still a little defiant.

'Well then,' he said with a smile, knowing full well what she was
up to, 'this isn't over yet.'

He began to free her from the table.  With the ropes removed, he
once again bound her hands behind her back and led her over to her
cloths.  There, he freed her, removed her gag and handed her her
blouse and skirt.

'What about my other cloths?' she asked.

'You don't need them.' he responded. 'Now you can get dressed, or
go naked, whatever you prefer.'

She put her cloths on, as told.  Then, he again tightly bound her
hands behind her back, tied her tights together and reinserted her
bandanna gag.  With her dressed, he grabbed her purse and they left
the warehouse.

He took her out to his pickup truck.  He placed her in the seat and
belted her in.  He got in and started the truck.

'Where do you live?' he asked as he removed her gag.

'23rd and Elm.' she responded with her gag hanging around her neck.

He drove off.  For a few minutes, they said nothing.  Then she had
to ask.

'What are you going to do with me?'

'Like I said, this isn't over yet.  We'll just have to keep going
until you realize you are not in control of yourself anymore.  Like
I said, I got all weekend.'

That was the answer she wanted. She knew he was going to continue
to give her the thrill of her sexual life.

They pulled up to her apartment.

'Let's go.' he said.

'Wait.' she said. 'Aren't you going to untie me?'

'No.' he responded.  'Can't handle it?' he asked.

'It's not that.  It's just...what if someone sees us.'

'Then you better talk fast.  Just be thankful I don't gag you
again.  Then you'd never be able to explain.'

They went into the building.  It was hard walking with her knees
bobbled and her hands tied behind her.  She felt a little strange
without anything on under her cloths.  She still felt naked.

They got to her apartment without anyone seeing them. Once inside,
he placed her on the couch, face down.  More ropes came out,
binding her body.  He bound her ankles, looping rope around her
heels, and tied rope more around her waist and arms.  He then
gagged her again. He then pulled another bandanna from his pocket.

'One more thing to do.' he said as he folded it and placed it over
her eyes.  He tied the ends behind her head, blindfolding her.  Now
she lost all sense of balance.  She was in the dark, unable to see
or resist the things he was doing. Another new and thrilling
experience he exposed her to.

He let her go.  Immediately, she began to struggle, roll and squirm
in her fetters.  He reached down and opened her shirt, exposing her
breasts to the cool air.  Already, her nipples were hard.  She
looked so cute there, tied, gagged, blindfolded, half naked,
squirming around, all excited.

Keith went to work.  First, he found a large gym bag.  He dumped
her workout cloths out on the floor.  He then started searching
around the draws and dressers, finding all the things he wanted.

'Hey,' he thought to himself, 'she got a lot of good stuff.  This
is out to be an entertaining weekend.'

Carole heard him rummaging around.  "Is he ripping me off?" she
though to herself. "He doesn't seem like the kind of guy who would
do that to me."

After finding and packing up what he wanted, he came out of the
bedroom and over to her.

'Just got to put a few thing in the car.' he said. 'I'll be right
back.'  Then, just as an after thought he said to her 'Pretend I'm
robbing your apartment, and next, I'm coming for you.'

Carole grunted and started to struggle.  She was getting into it. 
"Kinky sex and fantasies all rolled into one." she thought.

Keith went to the truck, then came back up.  Carole was really
squirming around now, almost rolling off the couch.  He came over
to her, removed the blindfold and straddled her on the couch.

First he untied the rope around her waist, then untied her wrists. 
Before she could move, he pulled her wrists up her back until her
hands were between her shoulder blades.  He again tied her crossed
wrists together, then took more cord and anchored her hands to her
upper arms.  Though a little uncomfortable, Carole realized this
was much stricter and secure than ever.

He rolled her onto her back, still straddling her.  His hands began
to play with her flawless breasts. Carole moaned and groaned was he
squeezed the flesh and toyed with her hard nipples.

Then, he pulled her off the couch and made her kneel on the floor. 
She knew what was coming next.  A blowjob.  But that was fair, she
had her orgasms, not it was her turn to satisfy him.

He opened his pants and let his large rod pop out again.  'Are you
willing?' he asked.

Carole grunted and nodded her head.  Keith pulled the gag from her
mouth.  Carole parted her lips and prepared to welcome his cock. 
Keith inserted himself into her waiting mouth.  She closed her lips
around it and began to give him tongue twirls.

As she suck and lick and pumped his cock, Keith moaned softly. 
"Damn, she give's great head." he thought. "She's better than any
chick thats ever went down on me."

Within a few minutes, Keith load was beginning to build up in his
balls. Carole was busy plunging his cock in and out of her mouth. 
She wanted him to come as bad as he did.

Unable to hold it back, he sent the first volley of jism into her
mouth. Carole quickly drank it down and waited for the real load. 
Keith pumped more and more come into her.  He moan and groaned as
he came, filling her mouth with the hot fluid.  But Carole drank it
down as fast as he gave it, like a real pro.

After he finished, Carole cleaned him off, getting the last few
drops of his sweet fluid.  When clean, he pulled his still hard
cock from her lips and pulled up his pants.  Within a minute, she
was gagged again and on her feet.

'That was great.' he said to her.  Carole felt satisfied that her
work had pleased him.  'Time to go.' he said.  He again untied her
ankles and out the door they went.  Carole still had her blouse
unbuttoned and the gag deep between her teeth.  She prayed that
they wouldn't get caught or be seen by anyone.

This time, he led her to the back of the truck.  He opened the gate
and the cap hatch, then picked her up and sat her on the tailgate. 
Carole squirmed into the back of the truck and found a comfortable
spot on an opened sleeping bag.

Keith removed her knee ropes and made her lay on her back.  He
unzipped her skirt and pulled it off her body.  Left clothed in
only an open blouse and her high heels, she was open and available
to him.  He immediately spread her legs and began to lick her clit.

Carole was moaning and groaning into the gag.  His hands played
with her nipples. Within a few minutes, she was ready to come.

When she did, she didn't care if anyone heard her scream or saw her
tied, gagged and naked with this guy going down on her. She came as
hard as ever, the shivers running throughout her body.

After it was over, Keith rolled her over and tied ropes to each of
her ankles.  He bent her legs at the knees and wound the rope
around her thighs, knotting the ends. The result was her heels were
touching the back of her thighs, rendering her legs useless.

Again, he blindfolded her.  Carole began to roll around in the
truck back, her breasts popping out from her open shirt.  Carole
was impressed on how many way this guy knew how to tie her.

Keith was impressed too.  Carole went along with everything he had
done, and looked great in it too.  

Her crawled out of the back, closed the gate and hatch and locked
it up.  He then went up to the cab and drove the truck off.

The ride wasn't very long.  Carole had an idea where they were
going.  His place.  She was right, for soon they pulled into the
parking garage and into his spot.

He opened the back of the truck and untied her ankles. After
getting her out of the back, he pick up the other items and took
her over to the elevator.

They got out of the elevator and led her to his apartment.  Once
inside, he removed the gag and left her standing in the middle of
the living room.  He put her stuff in the bedroom and picked out
the items her wanted.  Then he returned to her.

Carole was now sitting on the floor.  Still blindfolded and her
wrists tied together, she looked so helpless, yet erotic.  He
removed the blindfold and got her to her feet.  He untied her
wrists and rubbed them for a moment.

'Like my place?' he asked.  It was nice, a little small, but well
furnished, with a large screen TV and nice stereo.  It was neat and
clean, surprisingly.

'Yes.  It's nice.'

'Good.' he said.  'Then you should be comfortable here for the rest
of the weekend.'

'Quite.' she said.

'Then go to the bedroom.  You'll find what you're to ware.  Wait
for me there.'

Off she want, without another room.  The bedroom was larger than
she expected.  The centerpiece was a huge, king size bed, with
captivating brass head and foot boards.  It was fantastic.

On the bed was a red satin waist clincher, red stockings and red
and gold spiked heels.  She immediately recognized them has being
her own.  She then saw her gym bag.  It was full of her lingerie. 
Garter belts, stockings, teddies, a long black nightgown, panties
and bras, in several colors and styles.  There were also two pairs
of her highest heeled shoes, her white and gold spiked heels, her
black five heels.

Hanging from the mirror was her black leather mini skirt and a
white satin blouse.  She well knew what she was in for.  A weekend
of being tied in various ways, in various outfits.

She put on the clincher, stockings and heels.  She then pulled the
cover off the bed to find black satin sheets.  "I love it." she
thought to herself.

She laid down and waited for him.  She didn't wait long.  Keith
came in a couple minutes latter, carrying a large box.  He put the
box down and looked at his willing prisoner.

'You look great.' he said.

'Thank you.' she responded.  'Listen, just because I'm going along
with all this doesn't mean you've won or anything.  I can handle
all this very well, thank you.'

Keith smiled.  'I know you can.' he responded. 'Otherwise, you
wouldn't be here.  Now lay down on you back.'

Keith open his box and pulled out four pairs of handcuffs.   He
lock one to each wrist and one to each ankle.  Her body was then
stretched out spread eagle and the open cuffs were locked to the
brass rails.  Satisfied she was secure, he pulled out a red rubber
ball with a rope running through it.

'Can you handle this?' he asked showing it to her.  

Carole responded by opening her mouth to receive the ball gag. 
Keith inserted it and Carole closed her lips around it.  He tied
the ends behind her head.  With her last bit of defence gone, they
were ready to begin.

Keith's box was filled with all sorts of bondage items.  Leather
straps, chains, manacles, shackles, tons of assorted length ropes,
gags and other strange items.  He showed each of them to her,
explaining what they were and how they worked.  He promised to use
several of them on her over the next few days.  He even showed her
a couple vibrators, which he demonstrated on her.

Then he put is box aside.  She look so good, chained to the bed and
ball gagged. Her tits and pussy exposed to him.  "She going to let
me do whatever I want to her." he thought.  "This is going to be a
glorious weekend, for both of us."

He then slowly inserted a vibrator into her already wet tunnel and
turned it on low.

'You enjoy that for a while.' he said to her.  'I'll be back a
little later to give you more to handle.' he stood up and closed
the door behind himself.

Carole laid cuffed to the bed, enjoying the light stimulations
going on in her pussy.  She pulled on the cuffs, just to see if
there was any hope of freedom.

"Nope," she thought to herself, "I'm not going anywhere for a
while.  Well, I wouldn't have it any other way.  And it's only
Friday night.  We've got the whole weekend to play these games.
It's going to be a magnificent weekend." she thought to herself as
she closed her eyes, let the vibrator tenderly stimulate her
insides, thought about the wonderful things that awaited her this
coming weekend, and wait for Keith's return.

     The End


