                              THE T-MOTEL 

                     (by Sabine@SOAP.rhein-main.de)


Again it's only a fantasy. 
Hope you enjoy it as much as I did... :-)


Laura and Steve's wedding anniversary has always been something special.
This time it was up to Laura how to spend their day.

One day before she gave Steve an address of a motel called "T-Motel"
and was somewhere in the middle of a long long road, where he had to 
go to.

Extremely tired he arrived there late in the night... he even was too
tired to eat anything, so he just took a shower, drank some juice and
went to bed.


In the early morning he heard the alarm-clock ringing. He just wanted to
switch it off as he found out that he totally was unable to move. He
found himself spread-eagled tied up, being naked under the blanket.

Oh no, Laura KNEW WELL, that he HATED it to be tied up. He pulled
mightily at the ropes, but it was useless. The alarm-clock stopped and he
heard somebody taking a shower in the bathroom. Soon the noises stopped
and Laura came out with a towel around her body and drying her hair with
another.

Cheerfully she smiled at him and shouted: "Hello, my dear! Did you have a
nice night?"

"Hi Laura, what do you have in mind to do with me? You know I hate it to
be tied up like this!"

"C'mon, relax! I just want to have fun, today. And I know that you deep
inside enjoy the passivity. You know... today it's MY TURN...!"

"Oh Laura... how long does it take till you untie me?"

"The long I want to. Just relax!"

"Please, just tell me... WHAT do you have in mind?"

"No, I don't tell you now. Just relax and enjoy. We have a lot time...
the day just began...!"

He sighed. A knocking at the door made him cry out: "Help me! Help me,
please!!!"

"Keep quiet! It's hopeless!" she said and went to the door.

A waitress stood outside and said: "Your breakfast, Mam!"

"Thank you very much!" Laura said, rolled the table into the room and
gave a tip to the waitress.

"Thank you! If you need something else, just ring the bell." she said
friendly and went going on with her work again.


Being stunned Steve said: "She didn't even ask, why I cryed for help!"

"Of course not... they are used to this situation, here."

"...used to this situation...????"

"YES, ...and each room and appartment is soundproved here in this motel.
So it doesn't matter how much you scream and shout. You won't be heard
outside."

"Laura... you frighten me!"

"Oh nooo.... there's no reason to be afraid! Always just have in mind that
I love you!" she said and kissed him at his cheek.

"But...!"

"C'mon, let's have our breakfast!" she said, nestled herself beside him
and prepared some bread and coffee to feed him, while he tried to argue
to untie him. But she was relentless.


After having breakfast, she brought the breakfast-table out of the door.
Being back again she pulled his blanket away.

Naked and spread-eagled lying in front of here he felt himself extremely
vulnerable. He shivered: "Please, give it back to me, it's cold!"

"Soon you won't feel cold any more. Relax!"

"I can't!!! WHAT DO YOU HAVE IN MIND????" he asked voice quivering in
fear.

"Well, I think, it's time to tell you."

"Oh yes, it is!"

"Okay, since I know you to be quite ticklish,..."

"OH NOOOO!!!!" his eyes widened in fear and he began struggeling
mightily... TICKLING???? In THIS situation????? He would DIE!!!!

"...I dreamed about such a day to have you helpless tied up...
Usually you won't let me tickle you even a bit, but I LOVE tickling
especially people I love so much."

"No, no, Laura, my Laurie, you d-don't understand... please, d-don't, 
I didn't let you tickle me, because I'm not able to endure it even for
seconds... really... please... d-don't... I really c-can't stand it.
I think... we BOTH should enjoy our wedding anniversary, don't we?
And I'm not able to enjoy it, if I get tickled. P-Please... untie me...
don't be that cruel...!"

"Stop pleading, there's no way to convince me!"

"Oh Laurie, you d-don't understand... I'm DIEING!!!"

"No, Steve... I WON'T let you die... I pay attention!" she said and
went to the wardrobe, opened it and took a tiny little cloth.

Despaired he squirmed: "What do you want to do with that?"

"I'm going to blindfold you!"

"NOOOOOOOO!!!!! P-PLEEEESE NOOOOO!!!!! No, c'mon, if you have to tickle
me, just give me the chance to look, what you are doing!"

"No! You shouldn't have the chance to prepare yourself for the tickle
sensation!"

"OH GOD... YOU'LL KILL ME!!!!!"


Mercilessly she blindfolded him and went back to the wardrobe again.
Reminding her meeting with her friend Dawna in which Dawna told her about
this special Motel, she smiled. This Motel was a place for people who
wanted to tickle torture each other. This meant the "T" in the name
"T-Motel". It was a Motel which held special tickling implements
available for their guests in each room and appartement. With enthusiasm
she looked through the implements. Yes... it seemed to become a very nice
day... she smiled, took two long soft ostrich-feathers and went back with
them to Steve.

Kneeling beside the bed she saw him stiffening his body in anticipation.
He had given up pleading... he knew well that he didn't have the chance
to convince her. He just prayed that she wouldn't go too far with it,
that she saw his limits... oh boy... he already felt himself being at 
the limits although she even didn't have begun yet.

Awaiting her tickling fingers which didn't come, he asked: "Laurie?"

"Yes, I'm still there! Just relax...!"

"Oh Laurie... please, just think about it once more!"

"I told you to relax and keep quiet!" she said harshly.

He tried as good as he could but as he suddenly felt an extreme light
touch of a feather which she used horizontally across his chest that some
parts of feather easily touched his sides he screamed out and tensed
again. Oh God, NO! That was too much...
Laurie enjoyed his sensivity he showed her bucking and screaming out
in his helpless hysterical laughter as she agonizing slowly stroke the 
feather lightliest she could down his ribcage across his stomach down 
to his hips going down across his penis, thighs and stopping at the 
knees... always when she arrived at his penis with the feather she 
used the second feather the same way beginning at his chest and went 
it on and on. 

Five minutes later she realized he seemed to get used to the continously
same stroking. While tickling him she straddled him at his thighs and
began just stroking his sides with the feathers, which added renewed wild
laughter and new energy in his efforts to buck. His despaired hysterical
laughter stole him all the breath from his lungs... soon he felt the lack
of oxygene, the world seemed to spin but he wasn't able to stop laughing... 
he wasn't able to breathe just a little bit... he got panic and bucked
more intensely, he wanted to scream her to stop and not to let him die,
but develish Laura suddenly used her toes to scratch his armpits which 
made begging impossible once more in his again increasing laughter, then
the world turned to grey and he went limp under her tickling toes and 
feathers.


Astonished about his sudden silence she stopped tickling, dropped the
feathers and stared at him. She never had thought him to be THAT
sensitive. Thinking about his words about dieing she got fear really
having killed him. Hearing her heart beating faster and faster she leaned
herself across him, clapped his cheeks and called his name, but... no
reaction. Oh no, what has she done???

Dispaired she jumped from the bed grabbed her bathrope putting it on on
her way out of the room, running to the reception to get help for her to
death (?) tortured husband.

"HELP!!! HELP!!! WE NEED HELP!!!" she cryed, tears running down her
cheeks.

"What has happened?" the woman at the reception asked being concerned.

"I f-fear having killed my husband!" Laura sobbed.

"What have you done to him?" she asked.

"I just used the ostrich-feathers for some minutes... really just some
minutes... I've never been aware of him being _SO_ sensitive...! Oh come
on!!! DO SOMETHING!!!"

"Calm down, calm down, Mrs. ?"

"Call me Laura!"

"OK, Laura." the woman smiled at her and somehow it calmed her down.
"I bet, your husband just fainted. If a human is tickled and laughes that
hard that it's impossible to breathe, the lack of oxygene in the brain
causes unconsciousness. Here in this little phial is a medicine like
smelling salt. Just let him smell at it, I'm sure, he'll wake up soon
again. If not, call me. The phone-number of this reception is the 9."

Laurie nodded and grabbed gratefully the little phial: "Thank you!"
Then she ran back to the room.

Steve's moaning told her him to be awake again. Happily she fell beside
him at the bed hugged him, kissed his cheeks and said: "Thank God, you're
still alive!"

Weakly he replied: "You nearly killed me, Laurie... p-please, c'mon untie
me! You had your fun now. Untie me, let me go...!"

"Steve... I just wanna play a little more. Now I know your sensitivity
and how to take care about it."

"LAURA! NO!!! I... CAN'T... STAND... IT!!!!!!"  he shouted and began to
struggle uselessly again in his tieing.

Laura began lightly and slowly stroking tiny little circles with her 
fingernails at his chest moving down his side at his ribcage and up
again enjoying his immediately twitching skin and his outburst in 
breathless laughter. Moving her hand down his stomach, down his flanks, 
up again, around his navel, down the other side she reveled his strident
sounds of his helpless shrieking laughter.

"You don't know how much I love to caress these twitching spots at your
skin... I could go on stroking them for years!"

"OH OH GAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAD! NOOOOAAAHAHAHAHAHAAAA! STAAHAHAHAHAHAP!!!" 
he managed to scream in his laughter which increased as she used her
second hand additionally.

Her fingers whirred faster and faster over his shrinking and twitching
belly, but she kept on the light touch enjoying still feeling his
twitching skin under her fingers.

Stroking her fingers at the height of his ribcage she felt him tensing a
little more, which gave her a hint to sudden dug with her fingers deep
into his ribs.

He screamed much louder, struggled and shouted in despair: 
"EEEEEHEEHEEHEE!!! NOOOAAHAHAHA!!! L-LAUREEEHEEHEE, N-NOHOHOHAHAT THESE
MAHAHAHAHGICK SP-SPOTS THEHAIHAIHAIR!!!!!!!"

Going on with it for some minutes she realized him being on the edge to
faint again. Before he fainted she stopped. Gasping for air he collapsed
under her now still kept fingers at his chest.
 
The little cloth which blindfolded him had slid a bit in between his
struggles so he could look nervously down at her hand in anxious
anticipation and began pleading again.

"P-Please Laurie, please promise not to go on at my ribs again. There
seem to be magick spots where tickling is a really cruel torture... c'mon
be nice... stop all this."

"Well, but you seem to enjoy it, although you say it's torture. Don't you
realize your hard on?"

"Wh-What?"

"You know well what I mean!" she said and grabbed the ostrich-feather again.

He jerked by the feather-light touch below his navel. As she made the
feather vibrite against his skin and moving down across his penis he
screamed: "OH, OH, OHH, L-LAUREEEEEHEEEHEEEE, NOAAAAHAHAHAHA,
STAAHAHAAHAP!!!!!"

She went it on for short, moving the feather up and down his belly
button, hips, penis and thighs but stopped it soon to his relieve.
Then she got up and went to the wardrobe with the implements again.

He begged and pleaded her to untie him but she just told him to shut up
if he didn't want her to make it harder for him. Despaired he kept quiet,
heart beating with fear.

Looking through the implements she suddenly smiled. She found a lot of
pairs of different prepared gloves. Prepared means at the fingertips were
different implements fixed to. One pair had feathers, one pair had an
inch of an Q-Tip at each finger, another pair had toothpicks, some pairs
had different little brushes and another pair she found with little bolts
at the tips. At the palms she found a description: 
"Dug me deep into ticklish ribs and enjoy."

Reminding Steve's sensitivity concerning rib-tickling she smiled brightly
and took these gloves beside her. Digging deeper through the implements
she found a pretty long black-haired wig with tiny little feathers at 
some tips of hairs. If she'd straddle him leaning a little down, the 
wig's hairs would tickle him all over his belly and sides.

She loved him feeling bucking in desperation and knowing well that there
was no way to escape. Somehow it made her hot and she wished nothing more
to ride him while tickling him insane. Finally she grabbed the gloves
with the bolts, the wig, some tape and two pen-small vibrators one with 
little tickling nabs and one with kind of frills at the top. She wondered
what his reaction might be if she would put them into his belly button, a
spot which even would drive crazy herself.

Happily she jumped at the bed straddeling him at his thighs putting the
implements beside her. Feeling the itching hair of the wig at her calves
she shuddered a little but ached to see how he would react by feeling it
at his naked torso.

"Laurie!" he began to beg again. "Laurie, my dear Laurie, c'mon, stop all
this. I'll do ANYTHING for you. Really ANYTHING what you want me to do,
just PLEASE stop this torture!"

"You really do ANYTHING for me?"

"YES!!!"

"OK, then keep quiet and let me have my fun." she said, grabbed quickly
the little vibrator with the tickling nabs and caressed his skin around
his belly button that he tensed his body and began giggling although she
didn't put it on that it vibrated. She just stroke circles around his
navel which got smaller and smaller.

He giggled lowly: "Heeheehee... n-nooohohoho.. aaahahahaha...!"

Suddenly putting the vibrator deep into his belly button and let it
vibrate deep at the bottom of his navel he screamed out again, tried to
buck and fell into helpless unstoppable laughter. 

In between he somehow managed to say: "LAUREEEHEEEHEHEHEHEHEHEEEEEE!!!!!
STAAAAHAHAHAHAHAAAAP, I C-CAN'T TAKE EEEEHEEEHHEEEHEEEET HAAAAHAHAHAHAHA,
IF YOUAAAAAAAHAHAHAHA, IF YOU LOVE ME, STAAAHAHAHAHAHAAAPP EEEEHEHEHET!!!
IMMEEEHEHEHEHEEEDIATLEEEHEHEHEHEHEEEE.... STAAAHAHAHAHAHAP PLEEEEEEEZE!!!

Holding and moving the vibrator in his belly button up and down, which
seemed to drive him crazy, she put on the wig with the other hand. Moving
her head a little down the very tips of the hair began to fall all over
his ticklish belly, sides and chest. Each move she mad with her head he
felt through the hair at his skin what drove him insane more and more and
his laughter increased to hysterical intensity... 

Paying attention that the vibrator is kept in his belly button, she put
on the gloves still shaking her head a little to make him feel the long
hair what was very unbearable for him that he kept screaming in his
laughter but as she began digging her the bolts at the gloves she had put
on into his ribs he screamed out as she never had heard him screaming. It
increased as the little bolts began to vibrate with a special intensity
of pressure what Laura soon found out.

Steve exploded into breathless hysterical screaming laughter. The
laughter robbed him all his breath from his lungs. He didn't understand
why she tortured him so bad. He thought to die if nobody would come to
rescue him. Praying for any relieve he felt her additional licking his
twitching skin around his navel. His whole body was trembling and his
despaired struggling still was useless. The lack of oxygene made him feel
dizzy again and he was helpless to do anything against his laughter.

She promised him to pay attention that he wouldn't die... but she seemed
to be in another world... in her own world while she tickled him.
Suddenly she found a spot between his ribs where it was the hardest to
take for him. He jumped that hard that he bumped her nose while she was
licking around his belly button. She never had thought that it was
possible increase his laughter... but keeping her fingers at these spots
making the little bolts vibrate there she felt his whole body spasming
under the torment and his screams and laughter reached an unusual high 
pitch that she thought to stop it soon at these spots. Thinking about 
how long he might take it he already fainted again.


Only the vibrator which still stuck in his belly button summed in the
silence. She wondered Steve's cock still stood straight up although he 
was unconscious. First she thought to use the medicine she received
before to wake him up again, but then she thought she could go back to
the wardrobe to look for further implements to use.

She found a long board with two holes and above them 10 little strings.
At the sides she found metal clips. Looking around she found at the
bedposts similar looking clips, just a little different. Now she knew
how this board should be used. After looking at Steve who still was
unconscious, she untied his feet, put them side by side together and
fixed the board that his feet each were fixed through one of the holes.
While tieing each toe with the little strings to the board, Steve woke up
again. Immidiately he giggled and bucked because of the vibrator which 
still stuck in his navel and did its work. Due the bucking it fell down
beside him and laid vibrating at his left flank.

Still giggling he realized what Laura did with his feet.
"Laura!!! Heeeheee... Laura, c'mon... n-not myhihi feeheeheet... not my
feet!! If you love meehehehe, staahahap all this!!!!"

Taking the little vibrator away she said:
"Steve, my dear... you know I love you and I see that you somehow enjoy
your situation... your cock shows me your real opinion. It drives me wild
to see it... I want nothing more than riding you and..."

"Oh yes, c'mon DO it and stop tickling me!!! Release me from the pounding
pain in it!!! C'mon!!! Laurie... my dear Laurie... just HELP ME!!!"

"Steve... you interrupted me... I wanted to say: I want nothing more than
riding you while tickling you insane!"

"NOOOOO!!!! P-PLEEEEASE!!!! LAURIE!!!! D-Don't do that to me!!!!!
If you really love me show it to me and stop all this... I'll fuck you as
good as you never have been fucked before.... or do anything else you want
me to do... but please stop all this... I really can't take more!!!"

"I really do believe that you'll fuck me as you never did before. But I
want to get it MY way... and you want a prove that I love you? Well,
I show you how much I love you. I'll write it down 100 times all across 
your soles with that nice felttip-pen. Afterwards washing and brushing it
away with electrical toothbrushes which spend water themselves."

"NOOOOOO! PLEEESE NOOOOO!!!! L-LAUREEEE NOOOO!!! PLEEEEEE-OPH.. MMMH
MMMPH.... MMMMPF!!!"

"Sorry... I simply MUST use this ballgag... you're really begging too
much. You should accept that today is MY day and we do what *I* wish to
do. Okay?"

"MMMMPH, MMMMPH!" he replied shaking his head in despair while Laurie
took a chair sat down in front of his feet and began writing the words
"I love you!" 100 times at each of his soles.

His screames were kept in his throat and his laughter was muffled low.
Where she found special sensitive spots she wrote it more often than at
other spots. If he hadn't been tied up he would have jumped to the
ceiling by her writing there. As she begun to wash and rub his soles with
the electrical toothbrush, he thought to explode but couldn't let it
out any way. While this he fainted two times.

His soles still weren't clean as she found a button at the left bedpost.
She always has been quite courious and couldn't resist to press it. A
long box moved down and the bottom opened itself. A bar with a lot
peacock-feathers sticking in it inch by inch came out and began to swing
them from the right to the left and back again, that the first at the top 
stroked at his armpit, the next across his chest and so on up to the last
feather which stroked his shin-bones.

Laura's eyes flashed delighted as she saw them going on like this.
Pressing the button again, the feathers stopped and were lifted back into
the box again. She would use them as soon as he would wake up while she
finished cleaning his soles, aching to see his reaction she decided to
use the medicine she got before.

Opening the phial she went to Steve's head and held it below his nose.
Soon he moaned showing her to be woken up again. Because she wanted to
see his reaction by watching the box moving down and the peacock-feathers
coming out she put the blindfolding complete away.

He begged her for mercy with his eyes but relentlessly she went back to 
his feet. He shivered. Never he had expected his wife to be able that
cruel. Why she didn't understand him to be too sensitive for such a torture?
He didn't know and saw her pressing a button.

Hearing a strange noise from above he looked there and saw a long box
reaching from his head to his ankles moving down... it opened a clap and
he saw to his horror a long bar with a lot long peacock-feathers reaching
from his chest to his shin-bones. He stiffed his body and let out a
muffled scream as the feathertips touched his skin along his body.
Suddenly the whole bar began to move from the right to the left making
the feathers swinging barely touching his skin.

If he wasn't gagged he would have screamed out as loud as he could.
Feeling the feathers almost everywhere really was too much. His throat
already ached from screaming into the ballgag, which prevented him from
laughing out loudly. He bucked and bucked as far as his tieing allowed.
Losing energy his whole body trembled and his torso jerked away from the
feathers where they touched him, but he couldn't get away completely so
he continuously felt the unbearable stroking.

As Laura additionally went on cleaning his soles with the electrical
toothbrushes it was too much. He even made it to laugh out loudly into 
the ballgag. His watery eyes begged her to stop but she seemed not to
have a look for his endearing pleading eyes. Soon he felt the lack of
oxygene make him feeling dizzy again but he wasn't able to breathe or do
anything against it. The world seemed to spin again, he even didn't
realize that he began to pee just before he fainted once more.

Having cleaned his vulnerable soles she stopped the feathers and let them
remove again. Waking him up she said: "Well, I think your little bad cock
has to be punished. It dared to pee into the bed and I've got a great
idea how to punish it...!"

Steve's eyes widened in fear... NO! Not his cock... he nervously
struggled in his bonds... it was useless. Laura took the little vibrator
with the frills at its top and fixed it at Steve's penis that the frills
lightly laid at the tip of it. Then she started the vibration.

Usually it didn't feel that bad... but in his helpless tied situation it
somehow felt unbearable for him that he tensed his body and bucked again,
but he couldn't get rid of it and the vibration went on and on. While
this Laura had got the gloves with the Q-Tips. His eyes opened wide as he
saw her coming making tickling movements with her gloved hands. He
couldn't believe what he saw and shook his head mightily, but Laura still
was merciless and set the very tips of the Q-Tips at his chest and began
lightly stroking different patterns with them all over his skittish
belly enjoying watching his twitching skin again.

She went it on for short before she stopped to blindfold him again. One
glove she changed with a glove prepared with toothpicks and went back to
him. A sudden scratch with it at his side made him scream out into his
ballgag. Going on with both hands and licking his belly button she drove
him into hysterics till she found him on the edge to faint again. Then
she stopped her activity and took away all implements she used before.
But kept the wig and the gloves with the buzzing bolts for his ribs.

Removing the ballgag she whispered: "Now, I have something special in my
mind....!"

"L-Laurie... p-please... L-Laurie...!" he panted.
"Just stop it... y-you KILL me... if my whole body wouldn't tingle so
unbearably, I'd say you've already killed me!"

Laura pinched his side and he yelped. Smiling at him she said:
"No Steve, you seem to be still alive. So prepare for the next
sensation."

Putting on the wig again she gave a kiss to his mouth and moved down
kissing him all over his chest moving down his stomach, caressing his
belly button for a while, while the hair gave him tickles again that he
screamed out in his laughter: "N-NOOO!!!! N-NOT AGAAAHAHAHHAHAAAIN!!!!
IHIHIHI CAHAHAAAHAHAHAHAN'T T-TAHAHAHAKE EEEEEHEHEHEHEEEHEHEHEHEET!!!!"
and bucked mightily which made Laura who already was more than hot moving
down to his penis making him bucking even more due to the unbearable
itching hair of the wig around this region.

Licking his cock for short she felt he would explode soon. Put on the
gloves, sat herself at Steve's cock to let it slide into her pussy. But
it wasn't enough... she said: "C'mon Steve... Movement is necessary and
began digging her fingertips into his hypersensitive ribs again while
bending her body a little bit down that the very tips of the wig's hair
touched his hypersensitive skin again making his belly twitching all
over and his laughter increasing to helpless hysteria again.

Bucking mightily he brought her nearer and nearer to the edge of orgasm,
but didn't get rid of the agonizing tickling which went on and on till
the orgasms exploded and shook their bodies additionally. Removing the
gloves and the wig she gave him a rest by tickling him all over with her
fingertips and nails till he nearly fainted again, but she stopped before
he lost his conciousness completely.

Then she jumped from his bed, covered him with the blanket untied him 
and said: "Recover a little bit. I think, we should go out for dinner 
tonight...!"
