This is an adult story for those who like this kind of thing. If you
are under 18 you shouldn't read this, so stop now!!!
This Story is purely fiction. It involves an adolescent girl and an
older man.  I involves consensual oral, anal, and vaginal sex.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                        YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!!
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-


                            "Tabitha's Realization"

        It was a saturday morning. Tabitha woke up early, to find me
at my keyboard, doing some work. She smiled at me, and asked me who
was still home. Just the two of us, I told her. She smiled even more,
and got off of the couch, and went into the bathroom. I wondered to
myself, why was she smiling so much, this early in the morning. I
was to find out soon enough. I heard the shower start up, and
anxiously went to my peephole, to see if I could finally get a look
at her now developing, thirteen year old body.
        I was in luck. She was just starting to undress, and was
keeping her body positioned in such a way as to give me a perfect view
of her budding body. She pulled her t-shirt up and over her head,
revealing her nearly nude body. She wore one of those wire bra's and
a pair of silk panties. I couldn't see anything, yet, except her
smooth skin.
        Perhaps I should describe her a little more. She stands about
four foot, six inches tall, weighs about eighty pounds, and has brown
hair, and green eyes. She is rather pretty to look at.
        Tabitha then looked right at my peep-hole, smiled and moved
out of veiw.
    She seemed to know I was watching, and only gave me a peek at her.
I watched for several more minutes, then gave up, as I heard her
climb into the shower.
        I went back into the living room to ponder her actions. I
wondered what she was up to. After a while, I heard the bathroom door open,
and Tabitha wandered back into the living room, wearing her pants and
a tee-shirt. I was bummed. Again I am foiled, and missed seeing her
naked.
        Tabitha comes over to see what I am up to. The askes me if I
want to play cards with her.
        "Sure", I tell her. "Want do you want to play?".
        "Well," she starts, " can you teach me how to play poker?".
        "You don't know how to play poker?" I replied. "Ok".
        So I shut down my work, and moved over to the coffee table,
and proceded to show her how to play some basic poker hands. After
about thirty minutes, she wanted to play for stakes.
        "Can we play for something?" she asked.
        "We don't have any poker chips, but we can use pennies
instead, if you want." I told her.
        "Well," she said, "I was thinking more like, umm..".
        She hesitated, for a few moments, then continued, " I was
thinking, maybe, you would teach me how to play strip poker."
        I was shocked. I had never expected this nubile little
thirteen year old girl, to be interested in me. Let alone want to play strip
poker with me.
        "Your kidding, right?", I asked.
        "Well, no. But only if you want to." She replied.
        "Why would you think I would want to?" I asked her.
        "I'm sorry, I just thought, well, forget I asked." She said, a
little disheartened.
        "I never said I didn't want to, Tabitha. I am just curious
about your reason for asking me to do it, rather than someone your own age."
I quickly said. I did want to play with her, very badly.
        "Well," she started, "I have notice the way you look at me,
and I have watched you watching me in the bathroom. So I assumed you would
want to do this with me."
        "But why do you want to show me?", I asked again.
        "Well, to tell the truth, I have been watching you also. I
have been getting this funny feeling, especially when I am around you. Like
a tingling, between my legs. And I get all wet, down there, but it
isn't pee, and it feels really good. I think you make me horny." she
blurted out.
        Hmm, I thought to myself. This could be really interesting. I
make her horny. Well she makes me very horny, also. Looks like we're
playing strip poker!
        "Hmm. Ok, that is a reasonable reason. So I turn you on. You
flatter me emensly. Shall we then?" I said.
        "Yes, how do we play?" she asked.
        "Just like poker, loser removes a piece of clothing." I told
her.
        She says, " oh, ok. Let's play."
        So, I picked up the cards and shuffled them. Then I dealt out
5 cards to each of us. I had taught her how to play five card draw. I
looked at my cards. Damn, I thought to myself, nothing. A king high. Tabitha
asked for three cards, I took four, keeping the king. I looked at my cards
again.
   A king, three, jack, ace, king. Well, I had a pair of kings. I laid
my cards on the table, face up. Tabitha frowned, and laid her cards on
the table. She had a pair of tens.
       She looked up at me, and reached down, and pulled her tee-shirt
up and head. She was, wearing a bra. But I did get a very good look at her
shape.
   Not an ounce of fat on her body.
       I smiled.
       I reshuffled the cards and dealt out another hand. I looked
through my cards, and found a pair of jacks, and junk. Tabitha asked for three
cards again, and I took three also. I looked at this hand, and found
nothing to add to the jacks. So I laid my cards down on the table, and looked
up at Tabitha. She was smiling. She laid her cards down and had three
sevens. I lost this round, so I removed my shirt. Tabitha was thrilled.
       Again, I shffled the cards, and passed them out. I picked up my
cards, and found nothing, but an ace high. I went for four cards. Tabitha
took three. Once again, I checked my cards. I had a pair of aces, and a
pair of threes. I laid my cards on the table. Tabitha saw them and frowned.
She laid her cards out, and had a pair of nines. She lost this hand. She
went to remove her bra, when I stopped her.
       "I want you to take off your pants first." I told her.
       "Ok, I thought you would want my bra first." she replied.
       "Nope, half of the fun, is the anticipation." I smiled.
       So she reached down and undid her pants, and pulled them down
and off of her legs. She had a perfect little body.
       Being a saturday morning, I only had on a tee-shirt and my
sweat pants.
   No underwear. So my next loss would make me naked. I gathered up
the cards, and reshuffled them again. Then I passed them out, and took a look
at my cards. I had a pair of kings, and a bunch of junk. I took three
cards, Tabitha took four. I passed the new cards out, and took another
look at my hand. Nothing better than what I had, so I laid my cards on the
table.
   Tabitha took a look at my hand, and frowned. She laid her cards
down, revealing a pair of queens. I barely won that hand. Tabitha looked
over at me, and unfastened her bra.
       Slowly she pulled it off of her girlish titties. I finally got
to see those budding breasts. The were small, about an inch and a half
acrossed, and they stood out about an inch. The nipples were still in their
growth stage as well, almost three quarters of an inch.
       I wanted to reach over to her, and touch them. But I had a plan
for that as well.
       "Do you like them?" Tabitha asked.
       "They are beautiful!" I exclaimed. "Your developing nicely."
       She smiled, and pushed her chest out proudly.
       "Shall we continue?" I asked her. Barely able to keep my eyes
off her bare chest.
       "Sure." she replied.
       I couldn't wait to see her virgin pussy. I reshuffled the cards
and dealt out another hand. I looked at my cards, and had nothing. High
card of a jack. Looks like this isn't my hand. I tossed 4 cards, and
Tabitha asked for three cards. I passed out the cards, and looked at my hand. I
had a pair of threes. Tabitha didn't look to happy about her cards, so I
layed mine down. She smiled, and layed her cards down. She had a pair of tens.
       "You lose." She blurted out.
       I smiled, and said "Looks like I did. By the way, I am not
wearing underwear." I told her. Then I stood up and pulled my sweat pants
down and took them off. I was naked. My cock was as hard as a rock.
       "Wow, I really do turn you on. Your thing is standing up."
Tabitha said.
       "I am very turned on, Tabitha. You have turned me on every
since your boobs started growing. I always think about you." I told her.
       "So what do we do now?" Tabitha asked.
       "Well, we keep playing, if you want." I said.
       "But you have no more clothes to take off." she replied.
       "Then I play for favors. If I lose, then you get a favor from
me." I told her.
       "Oh, ok." she said.
       So I gathered up the cards, and reshuffled them. I dealt out
another hand, and looked at my cards. Once again, nothing. a queen high. I
droped the other cards, and waited for Tabitha to drop her discards as
well. Finally she did, dropping only one card. I dealt her a card, and dealt
myself four cards. I took a look at my cards and had a pair of queens. I
showed her my hand, and she smiled. She laid down her cards, and had a
straight.
       "Damn!" I thought to myself.
       "I won" she said, gleefully. "Now I get a favor."
       "You sure do. What would you like?" I asked her.
       "I want to touch your thing." she told me.
       "My thing?" I started, "You mean my cock? You can call it that.
I would prefer it."
       "Ok, can I touch your " she hesitates, "cock."
       "Sure." I said as I stood up and walked over to her. I stopped
in front of her, with my cock just inches away from her mouth. She reached
up and touched it with the end of her finger.
       "It's hard, and soft at the same time." She said.
       "You can touch my cock more if you want. Hold it in your hand,
if you want." I told her.
       She reached up again, and took my cock in her small hand. She
squeezed it a few times then let it go.
       "Ok, I'm done, for now." she said.
       So I went back to my chair, shuffled the cards, and dealt us
another hand. I looked at my cards, and had a four, five, six and seven,
with a ten. they weren't in the same suit. I dropped the ten, and waited
for her to discard. While I waited, I watched her nipples, as they slowly
hardened.
   It would appear she was getting excited as well.
       She discarded three cards. I dealt her three cards, and dealt
myself one card. I didn't look at my hand. I waited for her to put her
cards down.
   She did, and had a pair of aces. I laid my cards down, and turned
over the new card. It was a three. I had a straight. I won the hand, and
smiled.
       Tabitha stood up and pulled her panties down, with her back
towards me.
   Her ass was small and tight. I wondered how it would feel to slide
my cock up that tight asshole. Then she turned around, and gave me a good
look at her nearly hairless pussy. The hair was fine, and thin, barely past
the fuzz stage. There was but a small patch, just above her virgin
pussy lips.
       She was a sexy sight, she smiled at me, and sat back down.
       "Is the game over, since we are both naked?" she asked.
       "Do you want it to be over?" I asked her.
       "No, but what do we do now?" She asked me.
       "We can keep on playing, doing favors for each other, or we can
stop playing poker, and just take turns doing each other favors." I told
   her.
       "Ok, let's stop playing, and do favors for each other." she
said.
       "Ok," I said, "you can go first, since I won the last hand.
       "Ok, hmm.", she said, and thought for a moment, " kiss me, like
a woman."
       So I went over to her, pulled her up from the sofa, and wrapped
my arms around her. My cock swelled as it was crushed between me and her
stomach. I put one hand on her ass, and the other around her head, and put my
lips against hers. I pushed my tongue against her lips until they parted
and let it enter her sweet young mouth.Then I found her tongue, and played
with it, and twirled it around her mouth. After a few moments of this, I
backed off and released her. Her eyes were glassy, with lust. I could see her
rub her legs together.
       "Ok, my turn." I told her. " I want to feel your boobs."
       She stood up, and moved over to me. I reached up and touched
her nipple, with my finger. It hardened even more. So I put my other
hand on her other breast, and cupped it in my palm. I felt very stiff, and
yet soft to the touch. I squeezed them a few time, then backed away from
her.
       "How do they feel?" she asked me.
       "Wonderful. I love them." I told her.
       "Ok, I want to hold your cock again, and your balls." Tabitha
said.
       So I got up and went to her, and put my cock close to her face
again.
   She reached up, and wrapped one hand around my cock. Then she took
her other hand and took my balls into it.
       "Be careful with my balls. They are sensitive, but it feels
good when you touch them. Just don't squeeze them." I said, quietly.
       She looked up at me and nodded. Then she looked back down at my
cock, and started pumping it with her hand. I could feel the cum boil up
in my balls.
       "Ahhhh" I whispered. "If you keep that up, I'll cum. And we
aren't ready for that yet."
       She smiled, and let go of my cock. I looked down at her and
smiled. My cock was swollen to the largest I have ever seen. Nearly seven
inches. Now I am not well endowed, which was probably the best thing right now,
but I never got a complaint. I went back to my chair, and sat down.
       "Well, my turn now, huh. " I said.
       "Yes." Tabitha said.
       "I want to feel your pussy. I bet it is all wet." I said as I
smiled.
       Tabitha got up and moved over to me. I reached up, and pushed
her legs apart, gently. She moved them apart without much encouragement. I
ran my finger along the slit of her pussy, starting from near her asshole.
When I found her clit, I stopped, and began rubbing it, gently, yet
steadily.
   Tabitha's body stiffened up. The moisture between her legs
increased, and started running down her leg. Her hand reached down, and held my
hand in place. After another moment, her head flew back, and her body
started spasming. She was cumming, for the first time in her life. And it
appeared to be a big one. She shivered for several moments, till the waves
of orgasm finally passed. Her legs turned to jelly, and I had to catch her,
so she wouldn't fall.
       After she regained her senses, she looked at me, with a glow on
her face.
       "That must have been an orgasm. It felt sooo goood. " She said.
       "I want to do that again, and again."
       "I'm sure we can work something out." I told her.
       "I want to feel another orgasm." She said.
       "Can I use my mouth?" I asked. "I really want to."
       "I don't care how, I just want to feel that again." She
replied.
       So I went over to her, and layed her down on the sofa. Then I
got my head down between her legs, and looked straight into her virgin
pussy. With my fingers I spread her lips, and took a look at her dripping
pussy. I took a bit of her fluids and put it in my mouth. Sweet. She had a sweet
tasting pussy. I was really going to enjoy this. Then I put my face in her
little, hairless pussy, and began licking her inside out.
       Her body trembled. Her ass rose up off of the sofa, and pressed
against my face. Then I could feel her hands grab the back of my head, and
press it harder against her. I licked at her clit, and slurped up her juices
as she began her second orgasm. This time I wasn't going to stop at one.
This horny little girl came so easily, that I wanted her to have as many
as I could give her.
       For ten minutes I ate her pussy and made her cum at least ten
times, probably more. Then I got up, her cum dripping off of my face, and
smiled at her.
       "How was that?" I asked her.
       It took her a minute to catch her breath, then she finally
spoke.
       "That was the best thing I have ever felt. I lost count at
twelve times." she said. "Is that what sex is like?"
       "This is sex. If you mean intercourse, it is even better." I
told her.
       She looked deep in thought.
       "My turn." I said. She nodded.
       "I want you to suck on my cock. I want you to make me cum with
your mouth, like I did for you." I started. "I want you to drink my cum,
like I drank yours."
       She looked up at me, then down at my cock.
       "Ok." She replied. Then she got up and sat in front of me. My
cock was in perfect position. Tabitha moved closer to my cock, and licked
the tip of it with her tongue. She hesitated. After a moment, she reached up
and took my cock into her hand, and put her lips around the head of my cock.
I almost burst right at that moment. But I held out. I wanted her to
blow me first.
       She moved her head down further on my cock, until she could
take no more, then she backed out. Then slowly she moved her mouth up and
down on my cock, and licked the tip with her tongue. I couldn't hold out.
My balls started swelling, as the cum started its journey to my cock, and
her awaiting mouth. I grabbed the back of her head and pulled it back
off of my cock.
       "I'm going to cum. Close your eyes, and open your mouth. Put
your tongue under my cock." I begged her.
       She complied, and waited for her prize. It took about another
second, then squirt. My cock let its load go, and a thick stream of cum
shot out of my cock, and straight into her mouth. Tabitha jerked, but held in
place.
   Another load, nearly as big as the first one, shot into her waiting
mouth.
   I could see a puddle of cum developing in her thirteen year old
mouth. Then another load, getting smaller now, shot out. Soon I was spent.
Tabitha swallowed my seman.
       "Kinda salty, but it tasted good." She informed me.
       "Want me to do it again?" she asked.
       "I won't be able to cum again for a little while. And it is
your turn."
   I told her.
       "I want you to put your cock in my pussy." She said boldly.
       "Hmm," I started, "Two things need to happen before I'll do
that."
       She looked at me with a puzzled look in her eyes.
       "First, I need a rubber. I DON'T want you to get pregnant." I
   continued. She looked at me and smiled. Then she went over to her
overnight bag, and reached down into the bottom of it. She pulled out a small
   container.
       "I was prepared for that. I don't want to get pregnant either.
Not yet anyway." She said gleefully.
       "Second, You'll have to suck on my cock until it gets hard
again. I won't take long." I finished.
       Tabitha moved back over to me, and went down on her knees. She
took my soft cock in her hand, and licked off the droplets of cum, still
lingering there. Then she took my member into her mouth, and sucked on it,
and mouth fucked it until I could feel the valve opening up, and the blood
begin to fill it up again. It didn't take long, only a few minutes. When it
was back to full length, she backed off.
       "There, your cock is ready." She said.
       "Ok, put the rubber on it then. You do know how, don't you?" I
asked her. She ripped the package open, and looked at the lubricated
latex. Then she looked at my cock.
       "Uh, you put it on the end?" she asked.
       "Here" I said, and took it from her hands. I looked at the
rubber, and said, "first, you want to find which way it rolls.". I took the
rubber, and placed it on the end of my cock. I did it backwards on purpose.
       "See, this way, it wont roll on." I said. and turned the rubber
over.
       "This way it rolls on." I told her. "You roll it on as far as
it will go. Here you try it." I said and handed it to her.
       She put the rubber against the head of my swollen cock, and
rolled it down the length of my shaft.
       "I am going to lay on my back. I want you to lower yourself
onto my cock. This way, you can control how fast it goes in." I told her,
as I laid down on the floor. She straddled me and slowly lowered herself til
my cock was at the entrance of her thirteen year old virgin pussy. I
reached down and spread her pussy lips apart, and pointed my now raging cock at
the entrance to her virginity. She slowly lowered herself down until my
cock pressed against the opening to her virginity. I wiggled my cock a
little to assure it was in the right place, and she lowered herself down
more. I felt her pussy start to give way to it's innards.
       "Slowly, Tabitha, once it passes this point, it slips in pretty
       quick." I
   started, "It may hurt so go slowly."
       Tabitha lowered herself very slowly, until my cock passed
through the opening, and met up with her hymen.
       "There it is." I said. "This is the point of no return. Once we
break this barrier, you will no longer be a virgin. So if you want to
stop now, you can and still be a virgin."
        Tabitha smiled, and pressed down onto me again. I felt the
hymen resist, but Tabitha just pushed a little harder. Suddenly, her hymen broke,
and my cock sank in about three inches. Tabitha stopped. I saw tears in
her eyes.
   She held there for a moment. I looked down to see a small trickle
of blood running down my cock, out of her pussy.
       "Well, I have just taken your virginity. You are no longer a
virgin." I said. "You bled a little, does it hurt?" I asjked.
       "A little, but it is starting to feel good now." She replied.
       She pushed down more now, slowly driving my cock deeper into
her tight hole. Finally, she met my hips. I was all the way in her. She
smiled.
       "I wondered if it would fit." She said.
       "I think it fits perfectly." I told her. I pulled her down onto
my chest, and gave her a long deep kiss. Then I rolled on top of her,
and propped myself up on my elbows. I slowly pulled my cock out of her
tight pussy, until it was almost all the way out, then I pushed it back
in. I continued doing this until I could see that Tabitha was relaxed,
then I started to fuck her with all my energy. After about twenty strokes,
she started cumming. Waves and waves of orgasm over came her thirteen
year old body. I have never met a woman who came like this little girl.
       She soon began to fuck me back, wanting more and more of my
cock. I gave her everything I had. Suddenly, she went into convulsions.
This was the big one. Her body quivered and shook. She raised her pelvis as
high as she could, and froze there. I continued fucking her as hard as I
could. My orgasm was drawing near. I felt waves come over me, and couldn't
stop them. My cock let loose with a torrent of sperm. It filled the tip of the
rubber, and started stretching it it from the volume. Just as the last
shots puched out, Tabitha dropped to the floor, exhausted. I pulled out, my cock
deflating quickly. I took the rubber off of my cock, and looked up at
Tabitha.
       "Would you drink this for me, Tabitha?" I pleaded with her.
       "Sure, I would love to." she replied.
       I took the rubber, and moved it above her open mouth. I turned
it over,and began squeezing the contents out of it. Big drops of the slimy
fluiddripped down into Tabitha'a open mouth. Tabitha's tongue darted out
to helpcatch it.
      "Don't swallow it yet, ok?" I asked her. She nodded.
      I continued pouring the contents out until I could get no more
of it out. Finished, I smiled to Tabitha.
      "Play with it, with your tongue. Roll it around in your mouth,
and push a little. Savor it for me. Tease me with it." I said.
      She did as I asked. Her tongue rolled it around in her mouth,
and she would pull her tongue in as far as she could, and push it back up
and out of her mouth, with thick globs of cum rolling down it and back into her
mouth.
  Then she pushed it up and past her lips, showing me the sperm. She
even made mouth bubbles with it, by slowly covering both lips with the gooey
white fluid, and slowly parting them. After a few moments of this, I told
her she could go ahead and swallow it. Which she gladly did.
      "Well, How was your first time?" I asked her.
      "Great!. I loved it. I want to do it over and over again. Can we
do it again?". She begged.
      "I don't know. I may be able to do it one more time." I told
her.
      "Goody." she said happily.
      "Would you like to try something else?" I asked her.
      "What?" she asked.
      "Well, You are still a virgin in one more place." I said.
      "Where?" she asked.
      "Well, So far your pussy and mouth have had me cum in them.
There is only one place left." I hesitated for a moment.
      "You mean my butt?" she asked.
      "Well, yes, as a matter of fact. That is the only place left." I
told her.
      "Does it hurt?" she asked.
      "It will, at first. It may feel strange, also. You don't have to
let me.
  And if you do let me, I can stop whenever you want. The choice is
completely yours." I told her.
      "Ok, if you want to, I'll try it. " She said.
      I smiled and told her to suck me hard again. Which she gladly
did. She seemed to like giving head. And for no training, or practice, she
did a damn good job of it. I was hard again in no time. She took anther rubber,
and placed it onto my hard cock.
      "Get down on your hands and knees, and spread your legs." I told
her.
      She did, and I moved behind her, and placed a finger on her
asshole.
      "I'll use my finger first, to get you used to the intrusion,
ok?" I said.
      "Ok." she said.
      I spit on my finger, and got it really wet. Then I placed it on
the opening to her virgin asshole. Slowly I worked it in and out of her
ass hole. Soon It was loosened up enough, So I told Tabitha I was going
to put another finger in with the first, to loosen it up a bit more, since
my cock was bigger that two fingers. She nodded. I slid another finger into
her asshole, and slowly worked both fingers in and out of her ass. She
seemd to be taking it rather well. No sounds, or grunts.
      "Ready?" I asked her.
      "That doesn't feel too bad, go ahead." she replied.
      So I pulled my fingers out of her ass, and put the head of my
latex coated cock against the loosened hole. I pulled her ass cheeks
apart, and pushed my cock against the puckered opening. Slowly, my cock pushed
against the opening, until it finally gave way, and allowed me entrance.
Tabitha reflexed, and squeezed her ass muscles tight, pushing my cock back
out of her ass.
      "Did that hurt?" I asked.
      "Not really, it just felt wierd." Sha said.
      "Ok, Try to relax, ok." I said.
      "Ok." she replied.
      So I pushed my cock against her asshole once again. It resisted
a lot less, this time, and I slowly pushed my cock deeper into her
asshole. I could see a grimace on her face as I pushed.
      "You ok? Want me to stop?" I asked her.
      "I'm fine, keep going." she told me in a constricted voice.
      So I pushed my cock deeper into her asshole. Slowly I drove it
in until I had almost five inches buried in her asshole. Then Tabitha started
pushing  against me, urging me to push the rest of the way in. So I did. 
      With my cock buried in her asshole, I paused. It was incredibly
tight. I reached around to tabitha's face, and found tears running down her
face. 
      "What's the matter?" I asked her. 
      "That last bit hurt, But I am ok now. Please fuck my asshole, I
need to taste your cum again." She replied.
      Slowly I started working my cock in and out of her tight young
asshole. 
  I could feel her begin to loosen up and get into the rythm of my
fucking. 
  Soon she was fucking me back, and truly enjoying her first assfuck.
All of the sudden, she tightened up, and her small body started shivering
in orgasmic convulsions.  Her ass muscles tightened up, and squeezed my cock
into orgasm. 
  I came harder the Iever had to that point in my life. The incredible
tightness of her asshole was not to be denied. Soon I was spent, and pulled my
softening cock out of her little ass. 
      Tabitha rolled over and pulled the rubber off of my cock and
poured the white fluid into her eager mouth, savoring the taste, before
swallowing the sperm.
      "That was wonderful" Tabitha said. "Can we fuck some more?"
      "I would love to, but we will have to do it another time. I am
drained."
  I told her. 

                And that is another story.. :)
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Feel free to send me your thoughts on this story. 
Flames will be ignored...





