Archive-name: 3plus/tagteam.txt
Archive-author: Andrew Truong                         
Archive-title: Tag-Team Maneuvers


                The three women watched the television monitor at the end of
the room. There was no picture, only fuzzy lines across the screen. Overhead,
dim fluorescent lights buzzed. The women, never having met, glanced at each
other only to look away when meeting one another's eyes. "Kind of spooky," the
larger of the three girls said. She had short thick black hair, wide shoulders
and full breasts.
                The girl across the table, around which the three sat, brushed
the bangs of her long hair from her eyes, looking intrigued. "But I like
it," she said. "I'm glad I'm here."
                Just then the television screen hissed with static, a clear
picture blinking into focus. A man's face appeared. A handsome man, wearing 
a bush jacket, tancolored with lots of pockets.
                "I like this better all the time," the third girl in the room
said, admiring the man's smile.
                "Good morning, ladies," the man spoke from the TV. "You are 
all about to share a very interesting day. Probably the most exciting day of
your life is about to happen. As you know, from answering my advertisement in
the magazine, the three of you are a team. You are about to go into battle-as
it were-with another team of three women who are about your basic size and 
strength.
                 "This is a tag-team event. You will either win as a team or
you will lose as a team. The boundaries-" the man's face disappeared from
the screen, replaced ny an aerial photograph of a small farm "-are the
fenced-in sides of this 15-acre farm. You can see an empty barn in the center,
a border of woods on four sides, sections of open land and an irregularly
shaped cornfield. The corn, I might add, has grown considerably since this 
picture was taken and is now ten to 12 feet tall."
                The man's face reappeared. "The objectis for you to proceed
from your starting point-which will be assigned later-to the interior of the 
barn. In the hayloft you will retrieve a flag that you must then carry to your
starting point before the opposing team grabs their flag and returns it to 
their starting point. Your flag will be red, just like the uniforms you will 
be issued. Your opponents will be after a yellow. The winning team will be 
paid $1,000 each."
                The man paused. "There is, "he began again, "a version of this
game where each member of the winning team collects $5,000. Are you interested
in knowing the rules?..."
                             __________

                In a room just down the hall from where the Red team met, the
members of the Yellow team were starting to undress.
                Darlene-the strongest-looking of the trio-a 
reddish-blond-haired woman of 30, pulled on dark-yellow fatigue pants that had
camouflaged designs. Topless, her small nipples erect from the chill in the 
room, she considered the map of the grounds upon which the game was to be 
played.
                Donna, standing beside Darlene, dressed quickly, 
self-conscious about being naked in front of the other two women. Donna was 
lean and well-built, a model's figure. She had big eyes and silkblond hair.
                Debbie was totally naked, her huge breasts hanging heavily,
wide nipples pointing and rosy-looking. "This material," she said, fingering 
the crotchof her pants," is going to be rough against bare skin. And this is
all we get to wear: a shirt, pants, socks and running shoes. No underwear.
Nothing else." Saying it, Debbie didn't seem to be bothered by the fact.
                Darlene, holding her skirt in her hand, was studying the map
closely. "We should split up and go toward the barn from different sides.
I'll take a center path with one of you on each of my sides."
                Donna looked a little fearful, having been the last of the
three women to agree to play the $5,000 winner's share game. "Wouldn't we
be better going as a group? In case we get attacked by the other team?"
                "Going alone is better," Darlene said. "We've got
Walkie-talkies, remember? So if you're about to get jumped by the other 
team, radio to us how many are coming at you. If it's more than one, the
other two on our team can make a straight dash for the barn, grab the flag
and run, knowing that we outnumber the remaining players on the other team.
Do you understand?"
                Debbie nodded. "I like it. If, for example, two girls from 
the other team are on you," she said to Darlene, "Donna and I can run for the 
barn because there will only be one other girl left on their team to worry 
about. Even if she could stop one of us, she won't get us both."
                "Right," Darlene said. "And remember, if you get marked, 
you're out of the game. So let us know."
                             __________

                The man on the television screen said to the Red team: "You
will each be issued four items of clothing. A skirt, pants, socks and shoes.
That's all, and it's all that you may wear. Underwear, bras, panties are out.
If you're found wearing them, you automatically disqualify your entire team.
                "What makes the $5,000 game so interesting is the you can 
remove players on the other team from play. You do this by wrestling them to
the ground and sripping them of their clothes. Once all their clothes are off,
then you must mark them."
                "How do you do that?" Kathy, the broad-shouldered one asked,
having been told they could ask questions and be heard through a closed-
circuit system.
                The man explained. "Throughout the woods about a dozen men 
have been stationed. They will all be wearing green camouflage suits like the
red and yellow ones issued to the team. The men can be called through the 
channel th the B setting. The men will then come to wherever you are holding 
the member of the other team and shoot her... with semen."
                "Semen?" Kathy looked confused "From a squirt gun?"
                "Oh, no, my dear. From their cocks. And time being so 
precious, you might want what to help them shoot fast."
                             __________

The man sat at a console that featured 14 television sets. Twelve were run by
remote cameras situated throughout the "battlefield." The other two were 
focused in on the briefing rooms of the Red and Yellow teams. From his 
position, he could zoom on or wide-angle any camera or move them left or 
right, up or down.
                It was an expensive setup, financed by 15 years of running
weapons for, first, the West Germans, later the Japanese and finally the 
Americans. It had been a lucrative yet dangerous life, rewarding him now with
a fascinating hobby, something that combined the thrill of combat-yet here
in a harmless sense-with the excitement of sex.
                He pulled a lever zooming in one of the hidden cameras in the
Red team's dressing room, putting a close-up on his screen of one of the 
girl's pussy.
                Karla had a wonderfully thick black bush. She fluffed her 
fingers through it innocently before stepping into red camouflage pants.
                How nice it would be, the man thought, to see Karla get   
caught, stripped and "marked" all over that nice bush.
                He turned on the microphone to talk to the Red team. 
"Ladies," he began, "Iwant to make sure none of you has any hesitation about
the possibility of getting shot with semen. The men won't touch you. It's just
our special way of rubbing in the fact that you've lost."
                Karla, the one with the small breasts and thick and thick
bush, said, "Losing shouldn't be made to be so much fun. Not if the Markers
are going to look like the studs who showed us to this room."
                Karen-the one with long hair, a nicely curved ass and perfect
tits-nodded in agreement.
                Kathy, their strongest member, a girl with swimmer's 
shoulders, said, "I don't think you have to worry about that. Just be ready 
with our five grand apiece."
                             __________

                Debbie, Donna and Darlene, the Yellow team, got the go-head
through their walkie-talkies. The game was on. The three moved from their 
starting point into the woods ahead.
                It was warm outside, a clear August day in northern 
Pennsylvania. The girls made tromping sounds as they stomped down the thick
overbush.
                Thruogh the short section of woods the Yellow team could see
the barn. It was 500 yards of open field dead ahead. Only a cornfield just
to the right and below the barn offered any cover.
                Darlene reached the edge of the clearing first. "I'm going 
straight ahead, over the field, into that patch of corn. Give me time to get
in position. Meantime, keep your eyes alert. If you see anyone from team Red,
let me know."
                Debbie, the front of her blouse left open, breasts exposed,
having been unable to button it, nodded eaderly, eyes looking all around.
                Donna, a little frantic, pulled on her shirt sleeve.
                "Here goes. "Running full speed, Darlene took off for her 
cornfield, her feet kicking up dust over the field.
                Once she was hidden, she directed Debbie to head straight for 
the barn, hoping to force the Red team's hand, make them move faster if they
thought Yellow was going right for the flag.
                Donna stayed behind, watching as Debbie ran for the barn. 
"When Debbie was 100 yards out of the woods, the branches around Donna 
rustled loudly.
                Kathy and Karla charged her. Kathy got there first, pulling 
Donna's arms behind her back, pinning them there, puting a hand over Donna's 
mouth.
                Karla ripped open Donna's shirt, making her victim's tits 
shake wildly. With Kathy holding her down, Karla pulled Donna's pants down to 
her ankles and started struggling with her shoes.
                "Do them later, "Kathy said. "Call for a Marker."
                Donna fought wildly, but couldn't get free from Kathy. Karla
called for a Marker, then pulled off Donna's shoes, socks and pants.
                Her leg free, Donna bucked, knocking Kathy off balance, the 
two of them landing hard on the ground. Kathy struggled to keep hold of 
Donna's arms, wrapping a hold around her tits, giving her nipples a pinch, 
making Donna scream.
                The woods were thrashing. Karla prepared to attack in case it
was someone from team Yellow.
                Instead, a tall burly-looking man appeared, dressing in 
camouflage green. His fly was opened, his cock coming out in his hand.
                Donna cried out, but Kathy had her arms and shoulders. Karla
opened her legs as the tall man stood beside her, loins arched forward, hand
pumping his shaft, looking at Donna's wonderful boby and spewing his wad all 
over her stomach and breasts, him moaning, "Oh, yeah."
                Feeling the first splatter of warm sperm on her, Donna 
relaxed, lying still, looking up at the man with a smile on her face. "What a
nice cock, " she cooed, reaching up for it, touching his slackening shape.
                Karla and Kathy went off quickly, Karla saying as they ran, 
"If I get marked, I want it from a dick like his."
                "Almost makes you want to surrender, doesn't it?" Kathy 
remarked.
                            __________

                After trying five times to raise Donna on the walkie-talkie,
Darlene gave up. "Must have gotten marked," she radioed to Debbie.
                Debbie had gone into the corner of the cornfield nearest the
barn, having spotted one Red team player on the other side of the barn.
                Darlene said, "I'm crossing to the cornfield just right of
the barn. No one from team Red should have been able to make it there yet.
Once I'm there, I'll give you a go. You head straight for the barn. Hold off 
anyone from the Red as long as you can. Hopefully, I'll make it in the barn
and get out in short enough order."
                Debbie said okay.
                Darlene took off, running fast.
                Moments later off, Debbie heard the corn rustling gently 
behind her. She whispered into walkie-talkie that someone was coming in for 
her, then told Darlene not to contact her so that Darlene's voice over the 
walkie-talkie wouldn't give Debbie's position away.
                Debbie got down low, crouching, ready to spring, her tits 
hanging heavily out of her blouse. She saw a single pair of legs. Coming 
closer.
                Karla eased through the tall stalks of corn. By now, she 
thought, Karen should be coming in on the barn from the top side of the field,
and Kathyshould be circling aruond from the buttom of the --
                The force hit Karla so quickly, she didn't have time to yell.
She was thumped to the ground, someone on her, pressing her face into the 
dirt.
                Karla struggled, feeling her skirt being pulled from behind.
The material was coming up her back, ripping in the front, tearing away with
surprising ease, leaving her topless, still unable to twist away. Karla 
reached for her walkie-talkie, but the girl on top of her kicked it away.
                In the shifting of position, through, Karla got out from under
her attacker. Debbie fell onto her side, feeling Karla's hands on her breasts,
fingernails scratching, digging in, catching one of her nipples with the sharp
edge of a nail. Debbie tried to swat away Karla's hands, but the smaller girl
was slapping her tits.
                Debbie rolled away. Karla dove after her, but missed, landing
on the ground between rows of cornstalks. The towering corn shook loudly above
them.
                Debbie grabbed Karla's ankles and stood up, dragging Karla 
along a row of corn. Karla was crying out, trying to hand onto stalks of corn,
feeling her tits scraping the ground.
                Quickly, Debbie twisted Karla's legs, turning the dark-haired
girl face up. She dropped down on her, tearing into Karla's pants, pulling 
them off her hips, having to fight off Karla.
                With one of her legs stripped Karla peeled free, kicking until
she caught Debbie in a leglock, with Debbie's face in her crotch, inches from
her bare pussy.
                Squeezing her head there, Karla reached for her walkie-talkie
and called for a Marker. As soon as she put it down, she felt Debbie's tongue 
penetrate her folds, pressing inside her channel. The sensation made her gasp.
The motions stroked her clit and then penetrated surprisingly deep into her 
cunt. "Oh, fuck me!" Karla moaned.
                But Debbie threw her off, then stripped off Karla's pants the
rest of the way, shoes and socks too.
                When the Marker appeared, Debbie had Karla's head facedown in 
her laps, her arms up under Karla's shoulders. Karla, struggling, her ass in 
the air, legs spread, was showing the Marker lots of pink wetness in a thick 
black bush.
                "He's here for you, honey," Debbie laughed, breathless, 
enjoying the sight of his erection. "And he's got a beauty of a cock. How do 
you want it?"
                "Oh, God," Karla moaned. "Let him screw my brains out."
                The Marker smiled, taking down his pants, a muscular pair of 
thighs visible now as he knelt down behind Karla, took her by the hips and 
aimed his cock.
                Karla gasped when he entered her, then shook as he fucked her
from behind, both of them moaning.
                "I took one out," Debbie announced in the walkie-talkie.
                But Darlene couldn't answer. She'd been jumped ny Karen, the 
Red team player with long black hair.
                Karen had flailed herself at Darlene, hoping surprise would
do her prey in, but Darlene was too strong. Darlene pawed Karen's perfect
breasts, then dug a hand into the dark-haired girl's pants, putting two 
fingers straight into Karen's pussy, pumping in and out, feeling Karen's snatch
getting quickly primed, juicy-wet.
                Karen moaned now, grabbing Darlene's wrist with two hands, 
trying to stop the Yellow team girl from putting her fingers in her pussy, but 
she couldn't.
                "Come you little bitch," Darlene groaned, a third finger 
going into Karen.
                Karen finally released Darlene's wrist, arms out above her 
head, legs spreading so strongly that she ripped the seam out of her own 
pants. Spread-eagled, she sighed audibly as Darlene did her.
                Darlene called for a Marker, still finger-pumping Karen's 
wet pussy, climaxing her.
                A Marker appeared, standing over Karen's spent-looking boby.
His cock wasn't quite hard; so Darlene pulled her slick fingers from Karen's
pussy and wrapped them over the Marker's cock. Then she plunged a mouthful of
saliva over him. Pumping her lips tight and wet over him. Pumping het lips
tight and wet over his cock, she played gently with his shaft growing heavier
in her mouth. The first squirt of semen blasted over her tongue. She kept
sucking until she had a mouthful. Then she eased off his shaft, spitting 
the cum over her lips into heartshaped cut of Karen's bush.
                Her mouth tasting strongly sweet with semen, Darlene picked
up her walkie-talkie. "Got your message before, Deb, but couldn't reply. We
got two of them down now. Let's storm the barn."
                Debbie's reply came breathlessly. "On my way there now. I
just saw the last Red team member go inside."
                             __________

                Kathy was up in the hayloft, red flag in her hip pocket, when
she heard someone down below. Looking over the loft railing, she stole a peek
at a Yellow team player-a hung-breasted girl with both tits jutting out the
front of her skirt.
                There was a length of rope nearby. Kathy saw that. She also
saw another Yellow team players running for the barn, a few hundred yards 
away, closing in.
                Grabbing the rope, Kathy jumped over the side of the loft. She 
landed just behind Debbie, tackling her around the waist, landing both of them
on the stawcovered floor with a dusty thump.
                Kathy turned Debbie over, bit her big nipples hard, leaving
teeth marks, feeling the pressure of her teeth cause Debbie to release the 
hold she had on her hair.
                Kathy bit Debbie's nipple again. Debbie covered her aching 
tits with her arms, and Kathy was quick, tying the rope around Debbie's 
wrists, then running it between her legs, tying her ankles.
                Debbie shouted warning to Darlene as Kathy tied her up. 
Hopeless now, Debbie felt Kathy turning her facedown, her lips kissing dusty
straw. Her pants were ripped off, shoes and socks removed. Then Kathy turned
her face-up again, bit once more into the sensitive pink marks on Debbie's 
tits, making Debbie scream. Then she ripped off Debbie's shirt, leaving the 
big-titted woman naked and help-less on the ground. Naked and tied.
                Kathy  stood then, posed to counterattack, expecting Darlene
through either door now. But there was nothing.
                She's wainting in ambush me, Kathy realized. Waiting in 
ambush outside. Kathy looked route back to her team's starting point. If she 
timed it right, she could outrun the other girl and make it back. She took
a deep breath and started running.
                From her tied position, Debbie screamed, "She's taking off,
Darlene."
                But Darlene was already there, throwing a kicking trip into 
Kathy's shins, toppling the bigger girl, then coming down on top of her,
clawing and scratching.
                Darlene shredded Kathy's skirt, fingernails digging into 
ivory-glossed flesh, leaving red marks over Kathy's tits.
                "Get her nipples, Darlene!" Debbie shouted. "She just about
bit mine off."
                Darlene dropped her mouth on Kathy's right tit, biting hard
on soft flesh.
                Kathy screamed, but countered, pulling the back of Darlene's 
skirt up her back. Kathy dug her nails into Darlene's spine, bringing the 
strawberry-blond girl upright, twisting. Then Kathy bucked Darlene off.
                The two of them spawled over the gruond. Hands and nails
flailing at each other. First one was on top, then the other. The sound of 
hands smacking bare breasts became louder.
                Kathy was the first to ball her fist, punching a right cross 
that hit deep into Darlene's left tit, the width of Kathy's hand sinking into
the meaty flesh, knocking Darlene to the side.
                As Darlene clutched her own breasts, Kathy grabbed her by the 
hair, throwing Darlene over, threw a cat-scratching right hand deep into 
Darlene's right tit, going through the nipple
                Beaten, Darlene held her tits, bracing for what might follow.
Kathy was screaming for a Marker as she tore off a surrendering Darlene's
pants.
                The Marker came immediately, having been stationed in the 
barn.
                "Oh her face," Kathy ordered. She started to stand, but then
positioned herself between Darlene's leg that she'd spread widely in defeat.
While the Marker stroked his cock, aiming it for Darlene's face, Kathy made a 
loud growl and dropped her teeth onto Darlene's pussy. She bit into the soft
upper folds of Darlene's cunt, sucking hard until the skin aruond Darlene's
clit was in her mouth. And she kept sucking. She heard Darlene scream with 
pain and pleasure, knowing her mouth would be wide open, hearing Darlene
gulping then when the Marker's cum pumped through her open lips.
                             __________
               
                Tired, Kathy started walking toward her starting point. 
Darlene was in impassioned embrace with the Marker who'd cum-shot her, 
stroking his slick cock in her hand, and Kathy considered them fondly as she
backed from the barn. When she was 20 yards away, she turned to walk face 
forward, but then saw the other Yellow team member.
                Debbie was running naked from the barn, her breasts bouncing
heavily across her chest. In her hand was a Yellow flag. Someone she'd untied
herself.
                Kathy hesitated. Should she chase the girl or try to outrun
her back to their respective starting points?
                Kathy started after her.
                Debbie tried to hold her tits, but they shook so heavily, so
wildly, it slowed her down. And, looking over her shoulder, she saw the 
dark-haired girl closing in. Less then 15 yards behind. Ten, now.
                Debbie cut into the cornfield and dropped to the ground. Kathy
tripped over her and went flying thruogh the air. Debbie would have to fight
her. But Kathy was struggling, unable to get up.
                Then Debbie saw that Kathy's shirt had been impaled by a hard
stalk fo corn. She was caught and struggling to get free.
                Debbie charged forward and kicked Karthy's ass, knocking her
forward, twisting her in the cornstalks. Then she grabbed the waist of Kathy's
pants and stripped her, feeling the thin material ripping easily. Trying to 
take off Kathy's one shoe, Debbie got kicked in the tit. She staggered back
and felt the breath go out of her. She fell over a broken stalk of corn, 
landing on her bare ass.
                She saw Kathy rip off her shirt, freeing herself from the 
cornstalk. She saw Kathy coming at her, saw the kick for her other tit. She
covered up, but still felt the thud of her foot banging into her breasts.
                She fell to the ground, lying there faceup, seeing only a 
strip of blue sky between rows of corn. But then Kathy was on her, clawing
hungrily over Debbie's big tits, squeezing her hard, grabbing for Debbie's 
cunt at the same time as Debbie screamed. "I'm so horny," Kathy gasped, 
bringing her cunt down on Debbie's face. "Stick your tongue in my pussy."
                Kathy's cunt was on her face, wetsmeared folds pressing up
and down over Debbie's mouth and nose, as Kathy moaned pleasurably, using
her fingers to rub her own pussy at the same time.
                Licking Kathy's pussy, Debbie reached down for Kathy's ankles
and started peeling off her socks, getting one off, then working off the 
other. Kathy was giving into her, not seeming to realize....
                And Kathy wass close to coming, begging Debbie to get more
tongue up in her cunt, Kathy wedging her pussy down harder on Debbie's gasping
mouth. Kathy twisted her hips from side to side, screaming now as she came,
humping up and down, riding Debbie's mouth.
                As soon as Kathy peaked, Debbie reached up and grabbed the 
short length of Kathy's hair and pulled her down, screaming, "Marker!" as 
loudly as she could, holding Kathy there, her fingers in the black hair down 
to the roots.
                And through the corn walked the man who arrangered all this.
Looking so handsome, with daring dark eyes, lean but strong-looking, naked 
from the waist up, peeling his pants down his hard loins.
                Debbie slackened her grip on Kathy's hair and, looking up at 
him, Kathy opened her legs a little wider.
                "Father open," their host said, bare feet kicking easily at 
Kathy's ankles to get her wider open still. "Better yet," he said, kneeling
down, drawing Kathy's knees into her breasts, having Debbie hold them there.
"Yeah," he said," much better." He came down on Kathy, entering her patiently,
sinking into the soft wet flesh of her hot pussy. "Oh, yeah," he sighed, 
caressing Kathy's naked breasts, putting a hand between the top of her thigh,
pressing there. "You did get into this, didn't you?" He was pumping her 
easily. "Isn't it a fantastic release out here? Ripping off your opponent's
clothes? Wrestling with them? No better fun-oh, yeah," he cringed, feeling the
warmth of Kathy's pussy," in the world."
                "I'm going to come," Kathy sighed weakly. "Oh, I'm coming.
I'm coming... again!"
                "That's it," the man soothed, hips moving a little faster. 
"Come. Come on and do it." He kept fucking until Kathy was spent, the withdrew
from her, his shaft glossy with pussy juices. He came to Debbie, stroking 
her breasts. "You want to help me mark her?"
                Debbie was on her knees as the man stood. With her fingers 
plying pressure in her seam, she took his shaft in her mouth, letting him 
press his length down over her tongue as deep as he own touches before he was
ready; so she let herself go.
                And once her hands were still, she slid him from her mouth, 
pressed his length between her fingers and shot his wad all over Kathy's face, 
squirting it into her thick black hair, feeling the spasms of victory shooting
through her fingers.
                "Hooray," she smiled, "for the Yellow team."
--
