Archive-name: Violent/taken7.txt
Archive-author: Paul Colbenson
Archive-title: Taken - 7


My sister came back from the hospital the next day. The doctors
said that the wounds were not as bad as they looked, and that with
time she would heal without scars. Well no physical ones anyway.

I toyed with the idea of telling her it was me, and why I had
done it to her. But every time I started to, the look in my
father's eyes would flash in my mind, and I wouldn't be able to
say anything to her. I doubt if I ever would.

I was waiting in the booth at school on Monday, as I always
did. I really didn't want to do anything with Randy anymore.
After what he made me do to my baby sister, all I could find
in my heart for him was contempt. But he still had the tape of
what I did. Not only that, but if I didn't wait for him everyday
as told, he would only come and find me again like last time.
It was better to let him get what he wanted over with quickly,
and then let him leave as usual.

I wasn't sure if Randy was going to make it today. Lately he
had been losing interest in our little meetings. There was even
a whole week once where I didn't see him at all. Today I wasn't
so lucky.

He arrived early, and was waiting for me when I opened the door.

"Take off your clothes", he commanded me. As always I did as I
was told.

He then motioned to me that I should kneel on the floor.
He unzipped his pants, and pulled them to his knees. He then
sat on the bench to the piano and told me to suck him. I put my
mouth over his penis and began sucking on him. Usually he just
leans back and closes his eyes when I do this, and doesn't say
a word to me. Today was different.

The whole time I was sucking on him, he kept telling me how
turned on he was when he watched me beating my sister. He went
into gruesome detail on how my breasts swung around in my desire
to hurt him. He went into just as much detail on how my little
sisters "Ass" and "Little Titties" (as he called them) would
jiggle with each smack of the whip. He kept on about how she
looked with the welts forming on her back. The bastard never
even bothered asking how she was.

The whole time he is going on with his story, I am just sucking
away. It is a vile feeling to know that you are servicing a guy
who has caused so much pain to your sister. After a half an hour,
my jaw refused to work. It had begun cramping fifteen minutes
ago, but when I stopped, Randy told me to keep going or else.
When I thought of what the "Or else" might be, I quickly decided
to ignore the cramps in my jaw and continue.

He finally told me to lay down. I did as I was told, and he
penetrated me immediately. He began his vigorous thrusting
right away. He kept on about how excited he got watching me and
my sister. For the first time since shortly after this all began,
he lasted the whole time. It figures, I only wanted him to hurry
up and go away.

I had over the last few months gotten pretty good at telling when
Randy was about to finish. It was the change in his breathing and
the way there was a urgency in his thrusts. Just as I noticed
the signs, he jerked himself out of me, and used his hand to
finish the job over the to of me.

His juice landed across my stomach, over my breasts, and a
little on my face. When he had done that for the first time,
I was disgusted, but after I thought about it, I was happy when
he did that, because at least this time I wouldn't be getting
pregnant. Only he didn't do it very often, usually preferring
to just finish inside me.

He told me once that he liked it better that way. When I started
to say that it might get me pregnant if he did that, he just
slapped me and told me that I wasn't there to give him advice,
only to fuck. Whenever he left it in, I would immediately (after
dressing of course) run to the girls room and try and wipe all
of his "Stuff" off of me. No matter how hard I tried to clean
all that stuff up, it always felt like there was still a ton of
it oozing out onto my thighs. For the rest of the afternoon I
would be able to think of nothing else but that ooze coming out.

As always when he pulled out, he wanted to watch me eat all of
his juice before leaving. He had dressed, as I was cleaning the
last of it off from my breasts.

"I want you to meet me here after school at three o'clock.
You are going to help me pass in one of my classes.", he said.

"But I have dance practice at three", I protested.

He said, "Not anymore, I gave you an order. BE HERE!" Then he
turned and left. As usual, I had to jump up quickly and shut
the door. He liked to leave it open even though he knew I
was naked. He said once that he didn't care if anyone saw me,
it wasn't his problem.

As I shut the door, I knew I would not be at dance practice
this afternoon. Randy had given me an order. I must obey him.
I tried to look on the bright side. If he wanted me to help him
to pass, we wouldn't be having sex. After all, how can I help
him study if we are having sex???

--
