Archive-name: Violent/taken9.txt
Archive-author: Paul Colbenson
Archive-title: Taken - 9


After I left Mr. Anderson's office, I had to walk home. I ended up
missing the last bus by an hour. I spent the rest of the week unable to
do anything in Mr. Anderson's class but look at his desk, remembering
what he did to me. If I were able to, I would have dropped his class,
but I wasn't able to.

It was Thursday before Randy came to the soundproof booth. Without a
word, he took my clothes off me, had sex, and left. It wasn't until I
had gotten to my next class that I realized that he had not even tried
to thank me for what I did to help his grades.

On Friday, Randy did his usual quick job, then told me to meet him on
Saturday in the woods where I had beaten my sister. I didn't know why
he wanted me there, but there was no way I could refuse.

I arrived at the appointed time on Saturday. I didn't have to wait long
before Randy got there. He led me to a place I had never seen before.
There was a bunch of tall rocks everywhere. Randy led me to a tree just
outside of the clearing. He tied me to the tree, and put a ball with a
rope on it in my mouth so I couldn't scream. I shuddered a little when
I remembered it was just such a ball that my sister had in her mouth
that day. So was it my turn, was this my day to be beaten?

I was surprised that he had left me dressed, but I had given up trying
to figure out how his mind worked. He spent most of the time hardly even
noticing that I exist, yet he took great pleasure in making me suffer.

I noticed that my view of the clearing was only slightly obstructed by
two rocks on either side of me, and some thin foliage. If you weren't
looking for me, you would never see me.

Randy went back into the clearing and waited. It wasn't long before
some guys showed up. Was this going to be like the barn? Was I going to
have to have sex with all these guys again? Well I wasn't very worried,
it wasn't the first time, and I had been wondering if Randy was ever
going to make me do it again. I guess I had my answer now.

It was about fifteen minutes before it seemed like everyone arrived.
There were ten guys that I could see, all ranging in age from thirteen
to seventeen. They were all guys I knew from school. At this time I
would know every one who was there.

Randy turned to one of the guys and said, "Ok, it's time, go get her."
I watched the guy walk off into the woods. I closed my eyes and hoped
that he wouldn't find me.

It was a few minutes later that I heard the guy say, "Here she is."
What did he mean, I was still here. How could he be saying I was there?
I opened my eyes to look and see what was going on.

There was another girl in the clearing. Well, not really a girl, it
was a woman. Even though she was turned away from me, I knew she was at
least thirty. When she did turn a little, I knew exactly how old she was.
She was thirty-two, married, and had two children, me and my sister.
The lady in the clearing was my mother.

Why was she there? She was supposed to have a doctor's appointment today.
It was in just a few minutes, what was she doing here? Had she heard what
was happening to me somehow, and decided to put an end to my suffering?
Was my torment finally at an end after all this time?

Randy spoke, "You know why we are all here"? Mom nodded her head.
I expected her to begin yelling at him.

"You know what is going to happen to you" Randy asked. Mom nodded again.
Why was she nodding? She should have started yelling by now.

"Do you agree to do as we say of your own free will", Randy asked.

"Y... You promise not to show my husband the pictures of me and the
gardener", mom asked. What pictures? I knew about mom and the gardener
ever since the night in the barn when he told me about it.

"That depends on how agreeable you are to our demands", Randy replied.

"Ok, do what you want, but so help me this is the only time, or I call
the cops. You understand? This is the it, no more", I heard mom say.

"Agreed", Randy said as he approached her.

He touched my mothers cheek. She cringed at the touch, but she didn't
back away.

Randy moved his hand down her cheek, past her neck, and let his hand
come to rest on her breast. It was only the back of his hand, but her
was moving it up and down over her clothing. I could see the distaste
in my mothers eyes at this first indignity.

Randy wasn't looking at mom's chest while he rubbed. He was looking into
her eyes. It was almost as if her suffering gave him strength. He seemed
to draw his courage from her inability to stop what was happening to her,
no matter how much she disliked it.

Was this Randy's secret? Could it be that he enjoyed the power of being
able to make other people suffer? Is that why I was here, to see what
he was doing to mom so I could share in her suffering? I wanted to call
out to her, but the ballgag in my mouth prevented anything my than a
whimper getting out.

Randy was very slow and methodical about removing her shirt. Mom was
wearing a black lace bra. She filled it well, certainly better than I
ever hoped to fill one.

Randy then turned mom to face me as he stepped behind her. I saw him
remove her bra. Her breasts were still fairly firm and pert. She was young
for a mother of teenage daughters. My sister and I had figured out long
ago that mom had only been seventeen when I was born. She had to have been
sixteen when she got pregnant. Dad was forced to marry her after that.

Mom had her eyes closed, so she would not be able to see me, but Randy
was looking right at me as he reached from behind mom and grabbed both
her breasts. Her squeezed them hard, as the message he was sending me
suddenly became clear to me. If he could get my mother to do what he
wanted, I had no chance at all.

Randy unzipped her pants from behind. I then knew that this show was
all for me. Randy was taking great pride in knowing I was watching him
force my mother to do the same things he forced me to do.

Once her zipper was down, he slipped his hands down the front of
her pants. Mom grimaced as his hands went down. Randy then removed
his hands and told mom to take off the rest of her clothes. Mom didn't
even hesitate, she slide out of her jeans with an ease and grace that
surprised me. I always felt clumsy when I took mine off, yet mom looked
good doing it.

Then my naked mother was told to lay on the ground. Randy told her to
look up at him, so she opened her eyes. Randy wanted to make sure she
watched him undo his zipper. He liked watching her discomfort of having
to watch him pull out the very thing she was dreading most.

As I knew he would from experience, Randy was very slow in releasing
his zipper. He looked into mom's eyes the whole time. Mom's eyes were
glued on his crotch. Her eyes were big in terror.

Finally, Randy had pulled himself out of his pants. He, as was his
standard practice, skipped foreplay and went right to the sex part.

I asked him once why he never wanted to mess around before having sex.
He told me that he wasn't interested in me for the foreplay, he was just
there for the sex. Now watching him with mom, it dawned on me that it
wasn't so much that as something else. When Randy was with me, he liked
being in total control. Now with mom, he was in total control again.
In his mind, foreplay was something to do to keep the girl interested in
the sex. He didn't need to do anything else if he was truly in control.
So foreplay was out.

He finished with mom quickly. She had only been incidental to making
me suffer. She was only a tool to him to use against me. Having sex with
her was only a bonus.

Randy stood and told the guy as he zipped himself up to have their fill
of her. I saw the first guy, a thirteen year old freshman from school
walk up to mom. She didn't protest, she only waited patiently for him
to get undressed.

While he was getting undressed, Randy went behind the rocks to where I
was at.

As the thirteen year old was mounting my mother, Randy asked me how I
was enjoying the show. I shook my head as my way of showing my dislike
for the whole show. He didn't seem to care. He was standing behind the
tree and fondling my breasts, as he watched the thirteen year old finish
with my mother, and was replaced by a new guy, while a different one
wanted a blowjob.

To my horror, mom actually started acting like she was beginning to enjoy
all this. I never enjoyed what I was made to do, I treated it more like
a job that I had to do. Pleasure had never entered my mind at those times.

Randy had by now ripped the buttons off my shirt, and torn my bra open.
He was being very rough with my bare breasts. the whole time he was
talking about how much she was enjoying it.

By now, mom had been with several guys, and the sperm had gotten on many
places on her body because some of the guys liked to pull out. These spots
where she had been sprayed were quite visible to me because the dust
and dirt in the air had settled in on these spots making them very dark.

Finally the last guy was finishing up with mom, so Randy went back to
the clearing. He told mother she could leave, giving her the pictures
as he had been promised.

Mom left, and was followed shortly by the rest of the guys.

He went back to me, and looked at his watch.

"We have time before the rest of the entertainment arrives, so I'm going
to get lunch. You stay here, I'll be back."

What did he mean by the rest of the entertainment?

--
