Fiction from the Envoy


     The clock on the living room wall showed 8:00PM and my
patience was near an end.  I'd been waiting for my husband, Don
to come home from work now for almost 2 hours.  We'd been
planning to go to a party that started at 8:00 and now we'd be
late for sure.  I was going to give him a piece of my mind when
he got home.  I was sure that he'd stopped to have a drink with
some of his buddies, it was an old routine that I knew well even
if I didn't like it much.
     A half hour later or so, I finally hear keys at the front
door, and after a few minutes of scrambling with the lock, Don
walked into the apartment.  Then I realized that he hadn't come
home alone, 3 of his buddies were also with him, and they all
appeared to have had a lot to drink.
     I stood up and started to say something to Don but before 
I could open my mouth he grabbed me by the arm and pulled me
into the bedroom.
     "Look, babe," he started. "I'm sorry I'm late but what's
done is done.  Why don't we just make new plans, in fact I've
got one already in mind."
     He pushed me back onto the bed and threw my skirt up over
my waist, then he roughly ripped off my panties.  He lifted
my legs and spread them with his hands until my pussy was
completely open for him.
     "Don, wait! What about your friends in the other room?"
     "Don't worry about them, just enjoy what's going to 
happen to you.  You always liked this before"
     He looked down at me through my spread legs and smiled
lewdly.  I recognized that smile and knew that I was in for
a session of fucking that would leave me panting for more. 
His friends were quickly forgotten as his tongue dived between
my legs and stabbed at my pussy.  I could feel the excitement
building in my cunt as he licked and nipped at my clit.  Don
always knew how to push my button and tonight he was apparently
going to turn it on and leave it on.
     I could feel my pussy starting to cream as he kissed and
sucked on my lips.  He sucked my meaty cuntlips into his mouth
forcefully and I strained my hips toward him.  Then he drew
my swollen clit into his mouth and thrust a finger into my 
cunt at the same time, a small orgasm shot through me and 
I moaned loudly in response.
     "Oh, Don!  Your friends are right outside, they'll hear us!"
     I wanted to ask him to stop, to pull his lips and tongue off
of my pussy and wait till his friends had left, then we could 
continue in private.  Another stab of his tongue onto my clit
and the request died on my lips, I couldn't wait.  I wanted him
now!
     "Don't worry, baby." Don said soothingly. "They're already
gone.  Come on, I'll show you."
     He lowered my hips to the bed left me laying there as he
walked into the living room.  My cunt was dying for attention,
I wanted his big cock, NEEDED his cock.  With my skirt still
slighly rumpled above my waist I jumped off the bed and followedŠhim out the bedroom door.
     "See!  They're gone, now why don't you come over here and
let me pick up where I left off"
     A little squeal of pleasure escaped my lips as I ran over 
to join him on the couch.  He moved me around and sat me down
on the back, then he slowly forced me back until I was
practically lying upside down, my cunt with easy access to Don
as he stood behind the couch.
     His tongue assaulted my pussy again, playing across my
clit, spreading my lips, and stabbing at my tight asshole which
was now completely available to him as well.  Little shocks of
pleasure shot up my spine as his tongue probed between my legs.
I was going to cum soon and I wanted to feel Don's cock, I
wanted to feel him filling my cunt with his big meat.
     "Oh Don, do it now!  Plow me with your cock!  I need it,
baby!  Fuck me, fuck me NOW!"
     I grabbed onto a pillow from the couch, bit into it to 
stifle my screams as I felt his cock push against my cunt.
In one quick thrust, that huge cock spread my cuntlips and forced
it's way deep inside me!  I had exactly what I wanted now, my
cunt completely stuffed by the hottest piece of meat I'd ever
found!
     "Oh yeah, baby!  Take that dick!" Don whispered in a quiet,
urgent voice.  "Doesn't that fill you up?  You want me to fuck
you hard, don't you!  You want me to pound my cock into you till
you scream for more?"
     I could only moan into the pillow, I held it tightly,
muffling my moans and sighs as I let the pleasure spread over
me.
     "Fuck me, Don, fuck my cunt!" was the only thing I could
think of, the only thing I wanted!
     Suddenly the pillow was pulled away from my face, and Don
was standing above me.  Before I could say a word, he leaned
down and filled my mouth with his hard cock.  His hands held
me firmly in place, I couldn't move or speak.  He started to
pump his cock into my throat as I strained to see whose cock
was still impaling my cunt.  Don's cock was now sliding between
my lips and someone was definitely still plowing away between my
legs.  The pleasure I was feeling was keeping me from objecting
too much.  Both cocks were now bringing me to a hot, heavy climax
as they pounded away at my body.
     My wrists were suddenly grabbed by a pair of strong hands.
They pulled my hands away from the pillow I been holding onto
and pulled away from my body.  Then I felt 2 more hard cocks, one
on each side of me.  I was hot for more by this time so I
hungrily grasped them in my hands.  Now I was taking care of
4 cocks, one in my mouth, one in my cunt, and one in each hand.
I realized that Don had set this up, these were his friends.
Don and his drinking buddies were fucking me silly and I was
loving every minute of it!
     I still couldn't speak because of Don's cock in my mouth.
My head was thrown back and he was sliding his hot rod between
my lips just like he was fucking me.  I could feel his balls
slapping against my face with every thrust.  They were tight and
full and I knew that he shoot his load very soon.  He alwaysŠhad a big load of cum and I loved to lick it up, and clean his 
cock with tongue after he came!
     I felt his cock harden further and I knew he was going
to come.  He slipped his meat from between my lips and sprayed
his load all over my face.  Strings of come shot onto my chin, 
covering my lips and dripping into my hair.  His cock spasmed
again and again as he drained his sweet come in my face!
     Then I felt the cock fucking my pussy pull out and slap
against my belly.  It twitched and a silky stream of come erupted
from the head. It arched my stomach and landed between my tits.
I forced my head up to watch it again.  I could see his balls 
as they contracted and forced more come out of his cock.
     Then 4 pair of hands were on my tits and face, rubbing
the come I was covered with into my skin.  Don's cock was back
on my lips, the head roaming over my chin and around my face as
it dribbled the last bit of juice on me.
    I still hadn't come yet and I begged someone else to fuck me.
The two guys on each side of apparently were quite willing to
come to my aid.  I was lifted quickly and turned around till I 
was in exactly the opposite position I had been before.  Now
I was leaning over the back of the couch, my legs spread and 
open and waiting for another cock to invade my pussy.
     One of the guys moved around to the back of the couch and
offered me his hot, throbbing cock to suck on.  My hands wrapped
around it's full length and my tongue slid under his balls. I 
started to stroke his cock up and down while I licked and sucked
on his huge balls.  He started to move his hips in rhythm with 
my strokes on his cock.  Drops of pre-cum now made his cockhead
glisten and I zeroed in on my target with hot, waiting lips.
     Before I could draw that wonderful meat into my mouth, I 
felt someone move between my legs.  I was sure I would soon feel
my cunt being filled by another hard cock.  I pressed my hips 
back into the guy and felt his throbbing rod against my ass.
One quick thrust and my breath was taken away as
that huge cock was suddenly deep inside me.  He didn't start
to fuck me with it, just kept it buried in my cunt to the hilt.
     I felt marvelously stuffed, his cock was bigger than Don's, 
and much bigger than his buddy who had just finished fucking me.
I knew it wouldn't be long before he started to pound my cunt
with that huge slab of meat.  My eyes focused again and the cock
in my hands now caught my attention again.  I slowly drew my 
tongue around the head and could feel the response I was hoping
for.  His hips quivered and cock hardened even more.  I moved 
my hands around till I was cupping his ass, then I pulled him
to me, forcing his cock between my lips and down my throat!
     Now I was completely full, front and back.  I could feel 
my own orgasm coming quickly.  Waves of pleasure built up deep
inside my cunt and started to spread throughout my body.  As
the cock in my pussy finally withdrew, I came suddenly as it
was jammed back into me with a hard, deep thrust.  My body
tensed and arched in pleasure.  Hands grasped onto my hips
so keep me in place as I thrust ass back into the cock that
was stuffed into me.  Only muffled moans escaped my lips as
the cock in my mouth kept me from crying out.  I came so hard
that I couldn't breath, several seconds passed before my bodyŠfinally relaxed.  I was still filled with cock from both sides.
The man in front of me was still fucking my mouth with slow 
insistent strokes.  His hairy balls were slapping against my
chin as his cock was thrust deep into my throat.  But the cock
in my pussy pulled out completely.  I could feel my cunt
slowly tightening, closing after being invaded by that huge
cock.  
     Again hands were at my hips, keeping me from moving and
holding me in place.  I was expecting my cunt to be filled
again and waited in anticipation.  Then I felt that hot cock
sliding between my pussy lips and up between the cheeks of 
my ass.  It was still sopping wet from the juice in my 
cunt and I could feel it spreading moisture along the crack
in my ass.  
     I tensed in sudden realization of what they were planning
to do.  I squirmed and tried to cry out for them to stop but
the hands held me in place, and the cock in my mouth kept
me silent except for muffled cries.
     The big cock moved to my ass and I could feel the head
slowly forcing it's way into my tight backside.  I groaned
and cried out as much as I could, and wiggled my hips to 
escape that invading rod but I was firmly held into place.
Then as if recognizing my fear, that big cockhead was pulled 
away from my tight hole.  Another touch on my ass and I jumped,
but this time it was not a cock, instead it was a finger, 
thoroughly lubricated.  I felt it slide into my ass as it
spread the lubrication around my tight opening and across
the inside my ass.   
     I was not a complete novice at anal sex, Don and I enjoyed
it once in awhile.  But Don's cock was not nearly as big as the
monster that had threatened my posterior just now.  The finger
that was lubing my ass now felt great, and I relaxed as it
was thrust in and out of my ass.  I could feel myself opening
up, enjoying the situation a little.  
     Then the finger pulled out of me and was replaced by the
biggest cock I'd ever taken.  It had filled my cunt completely
and I couldn't hope to take it up my ass.  But I had no choice
in the matter as I was still held tightly.  My cries were still
muffled by the cock in my mouth and I struggled to free myself.
     I could do nothing except to take the cock that was
forcing it's way into my backside.  I felt my ass being forced
open as the head of that huge cock started to slide inside me.
I moaned in pain and pleasure as I felt it part my ass wide
as I was impaled with that monster slab of meat!  
     Slowly but steadily I felt my ass being penetrated until
I completely stuffed with cock.  Slowly the pain gave way to
pleasure as I got used to the size that pinned inside me.
Then slowly it started to withdraw, starting to stroke in and 
out of me.  As it pulled out until just the head was gripped
by my tight ass the cock in my mouth tightened and filled my
throat with hot come.  The guy thrust it down my throat until
his hairy balls bounced against my chin and shot another string
of cum into my mouth.
     As the guy I was sucking was starting to come, the cock
in my ass now started stroking me steadily.  Each time thatŠbig cock hit the bottom of my ass I moaned and sucked tighter
on the cock that was filling my mouth with come.  After he 
finished coming he pulled out and massaged my face with his 
come soaked cock.  Now I could at least moan and cry out with
a little authority.
     I rested my head on the back of the couch as the cock 
in my ass picked up it's pace.  The man who belonged to it
was now gripping my hips on both sides and thrusting that 
huge head deep into my tight hole.  a sharp moan escaped my 
lips with every thrust and I could feel another orgasm 
starting to build.
     Then Don was in front of me, holding my face and 
whispering in my ear how sexy and beautiful I looked being
fucked like this.
     "God, do you look sexy!" he whispered. "You love cock, don't
you?  You can feel that big meat sliding into your ass can't you?
You want to be fucked like this all the time, I can tell.  Tell
me how you like, baby!  Tell me how much you like our cocks!"
     I cried out in pleasure as another thrust into my ass hit
deep and heightened the orgasm that was close to breaking over
me!
     "Oh yes, baby.  Fuck me!  Fuck my ass with that big, hard
cock!  I need it!  I need you to FUCK ME!"
     Don was cradling my head as I was being plowed roughly 
now!  My entire body was rocking back and forth with each 
thrust.  I was grunting and moaning with every deep intrusion
into my tight ass.  I'd never felt like this before!
     "Come for me, baby!" Don was whispering in my ear again.
     "Let that cock in your ass do it for you!  I want to 
feel you come, you're going to be fucked till you delerious!"
     My orgasm was building again, I was very close to coming,
and then quickly it was released.  I gripped Don's shoulders
as I spasmed in pleasure.  The muscles in my ass tensed so hard
I'm surprised I didn't do serious damage to the cock that was
invading it, but he kept fucking me, thrusting into me.  I arched
my back and thrust my ass against the man who was fucking me
like I'd never been fucked before.  No sooner had the first wave
of pleasure had subsided when another, even stronger one hit me
like a train, triggered by the cock in my ass being withdrawn.
My ass was now emtpy, straining to be filled again as another
orgasm wracked my body.
     I could feel the huge cock that had been fucking me slap
against my ass.  Quickly I turned around on my back and held
that hot meat against my belly as it started to shoot it's load.
It erupted like a volcano of cum and one spurt after another
landed on my belly and tits.  I wrapped my legs around his
ass and rubbed his cock, now wet with come and my juices into
my belly as he shot the remainder of his come.  Even as it 
softened it felt wonderful as he slid back and forth between
my legs, mixing come into my already sweaty pubic hair.
     He pulled away from between my legs and I felt myself
being spread again.  Hands grasped my legs and pulled my
ass up off of the couch and spread then lewdly.  My recently
fucked pussy and my come soaked asshole were now proudly 
displayed by Don before his friends.  I could only lay back
and glow with the pleasure I was still feeling.  Š     Don was right about one thing.  I had been thoroughly 
fucked, and it was definitely going to happen again.  I
reached out to grasp two soft cocks closest to me and I 
knew it would happen very soon, very soon indeed!
