Archive-name: Violent/taken3.txt
Archive-author: Paul Colbenson
Archive-title: Taken - 3


    The next day, I tried to avoid the sound proof booth.
During my lunch break, I went to the auditorium and hid in the
backstage area. I figured if he couldn't find me, he couldn't do
anything.

    It was about halfway through the period when I heard the
doors of the auditorium open. I cringed as I heard the
unmistakable sound of footsteps. It took a little while, But
finally I got up the courage to peek out of the curtains. All I
saw was the janitor. He was removing the trash. I sighed in relief
that it hadn't been Randy coming to look for me. I watched the
janitor leave.

    As the doors closed, I turned to go back to my hiding spot.
Just as I turned, I ran into Randy. I gave a little scream, but he
placed a hand over my mouth. I doubt if anybody heard me.

    "I told you not to make me come looking for you.", he
whispered in my ear, "I don't like to be kept waiting for a piece
of ass." He turned me around to face him.

    He told me to go into the dressing room. I walked towards
the rooms in the back, my mind racing to find a way to get away
from Randy. The only way out was through him, there was no way
out.

    I got into the dressing room and Randy shut the door behind
him. I went to the far side of the room away from him. He reached
into his bag, pulling an instant camera from it. He took my
picture and told me to strip.

    I knew by now that I didn't have much choice in the matter.
I began undoing the top button, when he took another picture.

    "You aren't planning on taking pictures the whole time, do
you?", I asked hoping the answer was no.

    "Damn straight I'm going to take pictures."

    "Please don't. I'll do what you want, but no pictures."

    "I told you not to make me come looking for you, and you
did anyway. Now you are going to be punished."

    I had no choice, I had to do it. I finished undoing my
shirt. Randy took my picture after each and every button. I undid
my bra (which undid in the front). As it can undone, Randy took
the picture just as I was pulling the two sides way. He now had a
picture of my breasts.

    I kicked off my shoes

    "Hurry up.", Randy said, "I don't have all day, I have
classes later. If you don't hurry, I won't have time to fuck you,
then I would be REALLY upset."

    I hurried through taking my pants off. each step of the
undressing process was photographed, until was naked.

    I stood there not knowing what he wanted me to do next. He
undid his zipper, and I started to lay down so he could do what he
wanted. I figured if I just let him get it over with, he would
leave me alone. 

    I had gotten to my knees, before he told me to stop. He
walked over to me and put his thing in my face. I turned my face
away, because I didn't want that thing touching my face.

    Randy grabbed the back of my hair, and forced my face into
his crotch. I tried to fight to pull my face away, but Randy
slapped my face while holding my hair. 

    "Open your fucking mouth bitch!"

    "Please Randy, no.", I plead. All it gets me in another
slap in the face. By now the tears from my eyes are trickling down
my burning cheeks. This causes a tingling trail along the path
that they take.

    I open My mouth like Randy told me to, not really knowing
why he wanted me to do this. I found out soon enough, as he
stuffed his penis in my mouth. I gagged, and tried to force it out
of my mouth, only Randy's grip is too tight, and I can't get away.

    "Suck on it you little whore.", Randy tells me, "Suck on it
like you would a popsicle, or else I will get very upset with you.
You wouldn't want to upset me, now would you?" I knew that the
price of getting Randy upset was pain, so I began to suck on his
thing.

    He must have liked that, because he began to moan a little.
Then as he got louder, he began pulling my head into his pelvis.
It was ok at first, but then he started banging the back of my
throat with it. I was trying to keep from gagging, when I felt
this warm liquid fill my throat. I felt like vomiting when I
realized that he had finished in my mouth.

    I wanted to spit out the disgusting liquid, but Randy
wouldn't let me go. 

    "Swallow it, you cunt. Swallow the whole thing like the
good little slut that you are."

    It was only with some effort that I was able to get it
down. Then he pulled back on my hair again until I thought it was
going to either get pulled out, or bleed.

    "Don't you make me come looking for you again. You will be
in the sound proof booth from now on, or else this have seemed
like it was easy."

    Randy then threw me back onto the floor, where I hit my
head pretty hard, and bruised my hip. I didn't look up at him, but
I heard him pulling his zipper up. 

    "Be in the sound proof booth tomorrow. I don't like to be
kept waiting. I also hope you haven't forgotten about our little
date prom night." Just then the first bell rang. "You'd also
better hurry, you have five minutes to get to class. If you hadn't
made me come looking for you, I would have been done and gone by
now."

    I ended up missing my class. I went to the nurses office
instead. I told the nurse that I didn't feel well, and wanted to
lie down. I was excused from class, and spent the whole hour
softly crying to myself wondering why I was being put threw this.
I don't remember doing anything wrong. 

    I also thought to myself that I had to show up at the booth
from now on. Lord knows what Randy would do if I didn't...

--
