Archive-name: Violent/taken1.txt
Archive-author: Paul Colbenson
Archive-title: Taken - 1


	It was Friday morning when my story began. It was the week
before the homecoming dance at school. I didn't plan on going
because I didn't have a date. I had just broken up with a guy who
decided that he wanted to date some bimbo on the cheerleading
team.

	The ironic part is that just last week he told me that he
loved me, and would forever. I don't think my physics teacher
knows yet that forever is only a week long... Needless to say, I
was still just little upset.

	By the end of the morning I was a basket case. I had seen
him twice already, and each time he gave me the dirtiest look. It
was almost as if he blamed ME for the break up. I decided that I
needed to talk to him. I had to know why he broke things off.

	I cornered him at lunch. He was sitting at a table with an
empty seat, and I sat next to him. I asked him why he decided to
break up with me.

	"I don't think you want me to say this in public.", He said.

	"But I have to know. Tell me what went wrong.", I replied.

	"Ok, you asked for it. I am a senior, and as such, I expect
certain things from a girlfriend. You wouldn't do them. The most
you ever let me do is kiss you. I need more than that, so I went
to where I could get it."

	I was shocked. He had never said anything about it being a
problem before. He was the first guy I had ever dated. I had
never even kissed a guy before.

	"You have to give me time.", I told him, "You forget, you
may be a senior, but I am a freshman. I just turned 15. All that
physical stuff is new to me. I don't know if I'm ready for that
kind of stuff yet."

	"Listen, Cindy, this is not the place to talk. If you want
to talk, then think of someplace we can go tonight where we can
be alone.", He said.

	"The only place I can think of is my house. My little sister
is spending the night at a friend's house, and my parents are
going out somewhere.", I told him. I gave him a time to come over
just as the bell was ringing to end our lunch period.

	I spent the whole day planning what I was going to say
to him. I knew I would have to make some concessions to what he
wanted. So I decided that as a show of good faith, that I would
let him go to second base if he wanted, but only over the
clothes. That should tell him that I was at least willing to try.

	The rest of the day flew by. I spent so much time rehearsing
what I was going to say, that I hardly knew what happened the
rest of the day at school.

	My sister left for her friend's house at seven o'clock. At
8:30, my parents left, making sure I knew that I would be on my
own until 1 or 2 in the morning. They gave me the usual run down
of what to do if anything went wrong.

	After they had left, I went up into my room to get ready for
Randy's visit. I must have changed clothes four or five times
before selecting just the right outfit. Now all that was left
was to wait for him to come. 

	I used the time to make sure that I knew exactly what I
wanted to tell him. As nine o'clock approached, I began to wonder
if he had changed his mind. As it was, that worry was premature
because right at nine, the doorbell rang. I went to the door and
let Randy in.

	We went to the basement family room. I asked him if he
wanted a soda. He said no, and sat on the soda. He asked me to go
first, and tell him what I wanted to. I sat next to him, and took
his hand in mine to add weight to what I wanted to say.

	"Well Randy, I know that you want to do some things, but I
don't know if I am ready for that kind of stuff yet. I love you,
and you said you loved me too. If you really loved me, you
wouldn't want to make me do those things until I was ready. I
really don't want to lose you. I love you too much."

	He asked me if that was all I wanted to say. I had rehearsed
a lot more, but I was so nervous that I forgot them all. So I
told him that it was all.

	He sighed deeply, and sat for the longest time thinking. I
didn't know what he was thinking about, but I was hoping my
rehearsed statement would be enough.

	After a few minutes, I asked him what he thought.

	He started to get up, like he was about to leave. I felt
like crying. But before he had finished getting up, he pushed me
back onto the couch, pinning my body down with his. It happened
so fast, that I didn't have time to react.

	"Ok, now it's my turn.", He said, "I'm not going to wait.
You say you love me, well I don't believe you. If you really love
me, you would do what I want you to."

	As he said this, his face was so close to mine that I could
feel the heat of his breathe hitting my face with each word. I
didn't know what to say. I didn't have to say anything, Randy
acted before I had a chance to formulate a response.

	He started touching my breast over my clothes. I didn't mind
so much that he was touching me there, as much as the fact he was
squeezing it so hard. It really hurt.

	I tried to push his hand away, when he said, "You push me
away, and I'll just leave." I didn't want to lose him when I was
this close to getting him back, so I pulled my hand off his.
He continued to squeeze hard. 

	He then reached for the collar on my blouse. Once it was in
his hand, he jerked on it really hard causing all the buttons to
rip off. I was exposed.

	I pushed on him hard, trying to push him onto the floor. He
wouldn't budge. He went back to squeezing my breast over my bra.
They were very tender now. Randy pulled the top of my bra down. I
was screaming for him to stop. He wasn't listening. Finally I
bite him.

	He jumped up and started slapping me in the face repeatedly.
He was enraged. He yelled, "DON'T... YOU... EVER... BITE... ME...
AGAIN... YOU... FUCKING... BITCH...". Each word accompanied a
blow to my face. When he finished, he took a deep breath. I sat
crying.
	  

	"Ok bitch, I'm done playing games with you. Get up.", He
commanded. I wasn't about to refuse after that beating. "Get your
ass upstairs. I want you in your room NOW!!!" I turned and ran to
my room. I closed the door behind me, and blocked it with my
body. Randy tried to open the door. Finding that he couldn't, he
beat on it saying, "Open this fucking door right now."

	I opened it for him. He threw me onto my bed. He went half
way across the room, stopped, and removed his shirt. I scrambled
to the head of my bed, and curled up into a ball.

	He grabbed me and pulled me onto the floor. As I turned to
get back on the bed, he grabbed the back of my shirt, and ripped
my shirt and bra off in one pull.

	He got between me and the bed, and slapped me hard. I fell
to the floor crying. He told me to get up. I stood on wobbly
legs. He told me to remove my pants. I told him no. I got slapped
again. Randy then pulled out a knife and told me that if I didn't
take them off, he would. 

	I knew then that he planned to have sex with me. Ever since
I was a little girl, I had always wondered what my first time
would be like. I had many visions of romance and flowery settings
with soft violin music in the background. I never even
contemplated having my virginity forced from me at knife point. I
knew once I took my pants off, that he would force me to have sex
with him.

	He must have sensed my hesitation because he grabbed my arm
and threw me back onto the bed. My head struck the wall so hard,
I began to black out. I fought off the approaching darkness
with some success. In the years that followed, I would often
wonder if I had let the darkness take me if Randy would have left
me alone.

	He again told me to take off my pants. I undid my
zipper, and pulled them off. Randy walked over to me with his
knife. HE ran the back end of the blade up my leg until he got to
my panties. He then cut the side away from them. He cut the other
side next. I was afraid to stop him. The knife was so cold, and
all I could picture was him stabbing me with it.

	He stood up and slowly removed his pants. He went very
slowly. I could tell by the look on his face that he was enjoying
my fear. He knew that with each move he made to remove his
clothes brought us that much closer to the act. He saw how much I
didn't want to do this. It seemed to excite him even more.

	When he was fully undressed, he walked over to the bed. I
pulled my legs in tighter to my body in my little ball that I now
formed. He grabbed my ankles and jerked on them pulling me to the
end of the bed. He pushed me back onto the bed so that I was
laying down.

	He climbed on top of me. I held my legs together very
tightly. He put the knife to my throat and told me to open my
legs. I could feel the tears roll hotly down the sides of my face
leaving a cold trail.

	As I released my legs, I spoke. "Ple... Please don't get me
pregnant."

	He laughed and said, "What the fuck do I care what you get."
He then put his penis into the opening between my legs. I knew
what was about to come next. I hoped that he would at least be
gentle. If not, I hoped he would get it over with quickly. I was
wrong on both counts.

	First I felt his tip slip in. I figured this was it, but he
pulled it out again. Just this alone burned because I was very
dry down there. He then pushed the tip back in. Again, I
thought this was it, only to feel him pull out again.

	He continued to do this. Each time he put his tip back in, I
thought he would finish the job and go all the way in, only to
have him pull out again. I looked into his face to see what he
was thinking. He had this really evil look in his eyes.

	"Good", I want you to look in my eyes for this." He then
pushed himself all the way in. I don't know why he wanted me to
look at him. When he pushed himself in again, the pain was so
great that I was forced to close my eyes again. He must have
enjoyed this because he laughed in such an evil way.

	"That's it, feel the pain. It is for making me wait this
long just to fuck you, like fucking you was some special favor
you would be doing me. Well I'll bet it isn't so special now, is
it?"

	I shook my head no. He said, "Damned straight it ain't,
you're just another fuck to me."

	From there, it seemed like Randy went on forever. He just
kept going and going. I thought it would never end.

	Finally Randy said, "Open your eyes bitch. I want you to
look into my eyes while I cum. I want to see the look on your
face as I shoot my load inside you."

	"Please don't.", I said, "I don't want to get pregnant. Pull
it out, please, don't do it." I was begging, but even as I said
it, I knew it was too late. I could feel his warm liquid filling
my insides. All I could do is roll over and cry. I had just had
my virginity forced from me, and now I could get pregnant.

	Randy got up, and began to get dressed. I rolled over into a
ball, and cried to myself. 

	Before Randy left, he said thanks for the fuck. Then he said
we'll have to do it again sometime.

	After he was gone, I took a long shower. I just kept washing
and washing, but I still felt dirty. Between my legs burned
really bad, but I washed it anyway. I washed it more than any
other part of my body. It didn't help.
--
