Archive-name: Violent/taken2.txt
Archive-author: Paul Colbenson
Archive-title: Taken - 2


    I Spent the whole weekend in a daze. At first I wanted to
tell my parents, but I wasn't supposed to have anyone over to the
house when they weren't home. I stayed in my room a lot and tried
to not think of what Randy had done to me. By Monday morning, the
burning between my legs had stopped.         

    I went to school, not thinking at all about the weekend. I
saw Randy twice, but was able to duck and hide both times before
he could see me. It was 5th period, and I had a study hall. I
usually go to practice piano in the sound proof booths in the band
room because it was usually empty this period.

    I really like this period, because I get to be alone with
my music. I enjoy the solitude, and right now, I can use it.

    I had been playing for about five minutes when I heard the
door open. It happens every so often, someone else wanting to use
the booth I was in. 

    Without looking to see who it was, out of habit I said,
"This booth is taken. You'll have to use a different one."

    "No, I think I'll use this one." I froze. It was Randy's
voice. "Better yet, I'll just use you."

    "Go away. Please just go away", I ask him.

    "Well that depends on how nice you are to me.", he says as
he shuts and locks the door. I had never noticed before just how
secluded I was in this booth. With the door locked, there was no
way out. Since there was no window, no one could see in. I
couldn't even scream because no one would hear me. 

    Randy was moving towards me. I stood up and moved to the
back wall. "Please don't." I asked in an unconvincing voice. He
didn't even both to answer.

    He stopped right if front of me, and tried to kiss me on
the mouth. I turned away, hoping he would take the hint that I
didn't want to do anything.

    "If that's the way you want it.", he said.

    He started rubbing my breasts over my shirt with the back
of his hands almost like he was inspecting them. He looked right
at my chest as he did this. I felt like some piece of meat being
looked over for freshness or something.

    "You got a date for the prom yet?", he asked me. I shook my
head no. "Then I will pick you up at eight o'clock Friday night."

    I guess this was his way of saying that he wanted to go out
with me again. He stopped rubbing my breasts, and moved his hands
to my waist. Without notice, he started to undo my pants. I tried
to stop him by moving his hand away, but he just grabbed my wrist
and squeezed as hard as he could. There was a look of rage in his
eyes.

    "Don't EVER do that again, or I will fucking beat you so
hard that you'll wish that you didn't have hands.", he said
through clinched teeth. He threw my hand away from him like it was
some piece of trash he didn't want.

    He got my pants undone, and pulled them down along with my
panties. Instead of removing them, he left them around my ankles.
I guess to keep from having to take them off over my shoes.

    "Lay down.", he told me. I knew what was coming. Even
though I didn't want to, I knew it was useless to fight him. I
laid down.

    He unzipped his pants, letting his thing fall out. He
didn't take his pants off, as a matter of fact he hardly even
slide them down. He only moved them enough to get the zipper away
from his thing. I knew from sex-ed classes that it wasn't really
called a "Thing", but at this moment I couldn't think of it as
anything but a thing. A thing that had violated my body, and was
about to again.

    He pulled my legs apart hard, laying between them as he
did. The pants around my ankles made the angle difficult, but
Randy finally got his thing to me. He had to work a bit to get it
in. It didn't go in very far, but it hurt a lot. I wondered if it
would always hurt. I was happy that it didn't go very far in,
because it hurt the way it was.

    The pain being less there was compensated by the fact that
Randy was putting so much weight on the pants at my ankles, that
the fabric was cutting into my skin. Unlike the first time at my
house, this one didn't last very long at all. He gave a final
grunt, then I felt his stuff running down the inside of my thigh.

    He looked me in the eyes and said, "I have been looking
forward to that all weekend. You'll be quite the obedient one by
the time I'm done with you." These words hit me like a hammer.

    He got up, zipped himself, and said "Be here tomorrow at
the same time. Otherwise I'll have to hunt you down. If I have to
do that, I won't be as easy on you as I have been." I couldn't
contemplate him being any rougher than he has been.

    With that he walked out, leaving me lying on the floor with
my pants at my ankles. I couldn't get up because all I could think
of were his final words "By the time I'm done with you." What had
he meant? I was sure I didn't want to knew.

--
