Archive-name: Violent/taken5.txt
Archive-author: Paul Colbenson
Archive-title: Taken - 5


    Out of the darkness came Steve. Steve was a pretty good
friend of mine, or so I thought. I certainly never expected him
to be hear. He had been the friend I turned to when Randy and I
had broken up. I poured my heart and soul to him. The fact that
he was here hurt even more than the fact I was being forced into
doing this.

    I was sitting up by the time he got to me. I looked up at
him, and asked him to please not do this to me. He was my friend.

    "For the last month now", Steve said, "All I've heard about
was how much you were hurting because Randy had broken up with
you. I was there whenever you wanted to talk about it, not
because I wanted to hear it, I was hoping the whole time that you
notice me. I thought I loved you. I kept telling you he was no
good for you, but you just had to have him back. When he started
telling me what the two of you were doing, it hurt bad. Then I
began to think that you pretty much brought it on yourself. You
deserved what you were getting for being so stupid. When I Randy
asked me if I wanted to fuck you at this little party tonight, I
figured why not. I may as well get a piece of ass for all the
shit you put me through."

    Steve's words hurt me. He was my best friend. I had no idea
he felt this way about me. He certainly never told me. Could it
be true though, what he said about me deserving what I got? Had I
really been so anxious to get Randy back that was willing to sell
myself to do it? Maybe I did deserve what I was getting...

    Steve now stood in front of me. He told me that he wanted
me to suck his dick.

    I pulled his zipper down, and began sucking on him. His
penis was small and soft when I put it in my mouth. As I sucked
on it, it grew. I just kept sucking, and sucking. It felt like
forever. He began pushing my head into his crotch. By now my law
began hurting really bad. The muscles were beginning to cramp. I
was now just letting Steve do all the work of moving my head into
him. Finally he pushed me away, and started stroking himself. His
sperm shot out and landed partially on my hip (I had turned
sideways when he through me), and partially on my breasts. 

    He turned to go back into the darkness, but before he went,
he turned and said "Slut."

    Then the next guy came, and the next, and the next. It was
a seemingly endless stream of guys. I lost track of how many
there were. But then, I wasn't really counting.

    My mind kept replaying Steve calling me a slut. Each time
it grew louder and louder, until it's roar drowned out everything
else in the room. Slut... SLUT... < SLUT >... << SLUT >>...
--==<< SLUT >>==--...

    The night wore on. I have vague memories of the geek from
my home ec. class coming back several times to try different
things. Finally there was a break, where they stopped coming.

    Randy asked if everyone had finished. There were no
answers, so I figured it was finally over.

    "Well if all of you have had your fill, it's time for the
main event. Ok Barry, do your thing."

    That's when a big black guy came out of the darkness. He
wasn't from the school, I had seen him around town a lot though.
He did odd jobs around town. He even did work around our yard.
Mom used to pay him to do the gardening every so often.
    
     I had always avoided him because he was just some big ugly
black guy who smelled like he never showered. Tonight was no
exception. I could smell his pungent odor before he even got half
the distance to where I was at.

    He stopped before he got to me. He was standing over the
top of me, just slowly taking his shirt off. He towered over me.
I knew he was over 6 feet tall. I couldn't even picture his huge
frame on top of me. He must have weighed over 250 pounds. When
his shirt came off, I could see that none of the weight was fat.
It was all solid muscle.

    The biggest surprise was about to come as he undid his
pants. I had never seen a black man's thing before, but I had no
idea that they were so HUGE! I knew this was going to hurt. I
could barely handle Randy, and he was no where this sized...

    He told me to suck on his "Dick", as he put it. I began to,
but the smell drove me away.

    "What's wrong little Missy, my man meat too much for you?
It's ok, I tend to scare a lot of girls. Of course this is the
first time I been with anyone so small, but that's what's going
to make this fun."

    He slowly pushed me back to the ground. He then did
something that no one had shown me yet, gentleness. He didn't
rush to put it in. He was patient in letting it slowly work it's
way in. If it began to hurt to much, he would pull out a little,
and slowly work his way back. It still hurt, but I knew it could
be worse.

    Finally he was in. I felt this huge pressure pushing at my
abdomen from all directions. He wasn't to quick in his motions,
and he came fairly quickly.

    "Damn you are tight. I haven't ever been that quick, not
even when I was doing it to your mother."

    MOM!!!! He does this to MOM!!!!

    Barry must have seen the look of shock in my face. 

    "Yeah, that's right, I did your mom. She's one of the best
lays in town, and trust me, I been all over town. Your mother
can't get enough of me."

    Barry lifted me off the ground, and took me over to a saw
horse that had appeared during my encounter with Barry. I had no
idea what it was for, or why it had appeared. I mean Barry was
done, wasn't he?

    I looked down, and was shocked to see that he had not even
begun to get soft like everyone else had.

    "I see you noticed Lester ain't gone to sleep yet. No,
Lester has just started to have his fun." Barry said, as he
laughed.

    We got to the saw horses, and Steve and the geek came over.
Barry told me to bend over the saw horse. I turned to face Barry
and began to bend over backwards over the saw horse.

    Barry really laughed hard now. "You weren't kidding, were
you Randy. She really is practically a virgin, she doesn't know
what I want. Bend over the thing front ways Missy."

    I couldn't figure out why he would want me to face this
direction, but I did as I was told. Steve and the geek held my
shoulders in place. I later learned that they had volunteered for
this job.

    I could feel Barry slowly sliding his huge thing in and out
of me. He then pulled it out and said, "That should be enough
lubrication. Hold her tight boys, she's gonna jump."

    He then moved his penis up. As he began to apply pressure,
I started to tell him that it was a little lower, that he was in
the wrong place. I got about as far as "That's not the right..."
before the burning in my ass started. He had entered the wrong
one. I began to scream in pain, as Randy walked over and shoved
my own panties in my mouth to stifle my screams.

    If Barry knew he was in the wrong place, he didn't seem to
show it. He just kept going like he was in the right place. He
reached around my sides, and grabbed each of my breasts,
squeezing them (oddly enough) gently. He was just rubbing then,
getting their feel down.

    "I been watching you, little Missy. I noticed the way you
avoid me, look down on me, like I was some piece of trash. Like I
wasn't good enough for you. Well I'm good enough for your mother,
and now I'm good enough for you. That's it, scream Missy. Let the
world know I'm treating you like you been treating me all these
years. Now feel me, enjoy my pain. You little whore."

    With that he began pounding into me even harder. It wasn't
long before he was finished. I felt his body shudder, and then
warmth in my bowels.

    He pulled himself out then, and I was let go by Steve and
the geek. Suddenly it struck me that I knew the names of everyone
there tonight, except the geek. I never bothered finding out his
name. He was just the geek. I had sex with him, and had not even
known his name. I guess I really was a whore.

    As I fell to the ground, Steve pulled his zipper down. "I
used to love you, but now here is what I think." Then he urinated
on me.

    Everyone started to leave. I had been in the barn for over
an 2 hours. Even Randy was heading for the door. 

    "Are we going to the prom now?", I asked him.

    "The way you look, you've got to be kidding. I would be the
laughing stock of the school. Everyone here, with the exception
of Barry already have dates. I'm even late for picking up Debbie,
She's my date. Go home, your night is over.", he said.

      He had been right. I was covered in dirt, sweat, and sperm.
I found a water hose to wash off with, then I got dressed. It was
several miles into town, and a few more to my house. It was after
midnight when I got home.

    The house was dark when I got home. I went straight up to
my room, and went to bed. I had just laid down when mom came into
my room. She sat down next to me, and asked me how my night had
been. How do you tell your mother that what was supposed to be
the best night of your life was spent instead having sex with a
lot of guys.

    I did the only thing I could. I lied and told her it had
been fine.

    "Well I just want you to know that your father and I love
you, and are proud of you." She kissed me on the forehead, and
left the room.

    In the darkness, I faced the wall and cried. My mothers
words ran through my mind with Steve's. The end result was My
mind replaying over and over again "Your father and I are proud
of you, SLUT."

--
