Archive-name: Violent/taken4.txt
Archive-author: Paul Colbenson
Archive-title: Taken - 4


    For the next week, I went straight to the sound proof booth
during study hall. I didn't want Randy to even start to think
that I was trying to avoid him. Most days he only wanted to have
sex (you know, just the straight stuff). He would usually start
by either telling me to strip, or doing it himself.

    I liked it best, I think, when he did it. That way I could
just pretend to not be there. Randy would do what he wanted and
then leave. 

    Sometimes he wanted me to put his thing in his mouth, like
the dressing room. I did as I was told at all times, and I guess
it was all right since Randy didn't beat me anymore. I went
through quite a lot that week, but I knew that at least I was
going to the prom.

    Even after all I had been through with Randy, I knew that
for at least that one night, I would be his girl again. I had no
illusions about what I was to him right now. He was using me for
sex.

    I asked him once why he was doing this to me. "Because I
can" was all he said. Well, not quite, "Because I can. Now take
off your fucking clothes, I don't want to take all day to shoot
my wad.", was more the whole.

    I just kept thinking towards the prom. No matter how badly
I was treated now, prom night he would have to treat me right. He
certainly couldn't treat me like he had been, not in public.

    I went to the mall with mom. We spent over three hours
looking for just the right dress. The shoes alone took an hour.
Then I got my hair all done up, mom even had them give me a
manicure. Through it all, she kept looking at me and saying over
and over again "My baby's growing up". Then she would get all
misty eyed and start talking about how I was beginning to fill
out. She admitted that I wasn't fully developed yet, but as she
put it, "Enough to turn the boys heads."

    That night, I started getting ready two hours before Randy
was going to pick me up. I was ready a half an hour before Randy
got there. That gave me time to look at myself in the mirror. Mom
was right, I was filling out. I guess that is why Randy wants to
do the things he does to me. After all, he wouldn't do them if he
didn't like the way I looked...

    As I looked at myself in the mirror, I couldn't help
felling like Cinderella ready for the ball. No matter what Randy
did to my body tonight, he couldn't take away how special I felt.
I knew, even without him having to say so that the price I would
have to pay for all this was to have sex with him. I was
beginning to accept it as a part of life, just something I had to
do, like homework.

    Randy got there around 6 o'clock.My parents insisted on
taking pictures. For an instant, I was back in the dressing room
with Randy. He was taking pictures of me as I undressed. I had to
force this ugly thought from my mind, or else I would be able to
smile for my parents pictures. Even Randy was playing it up for
them. He looked so good in his tux.

    Then it was time to go. Randy even opened my door for me.
Maybe this was a turning point, maybe he was feeling sorry for
what he had been doing to me. I began to have visions of Randy
and I as we were before he made me do those things. Who knows,
maybe he was even right. Maybe I had brought it all on myself by
holding out on him for so long. After all, as Randy said, he was
a senior, and if I wanted to hold onto him I would have to do
some of the things he wanted. After all, why else should a senior
like Randy want to date some little 15 year old freshman like me.

    I began to notice that we were driving out of the city. If
nothing else, we were heading away from the school.

    "Where are we going?", I asked.

    "We are going to where the entertainment begins. I have a
bunch of my friends coming out to see you in action. I've been
telling them all about what we have been doing, and they want to
see what I've been telling them about. So I told them to meet us
out at a friends where I promised them that you would entertain
each and everyone of them."

    "Wh... Wh... What do you mean 'Entertain' them?" I was
afraid of the answer even before Randy said it. I had been hoping
that I had just misunderstood what he said.

    "You are a dumb cunt, aren't you. Ok, let me spell it out
for you. You are going to fuck each and everyone there tonight. I
told them what a tight piece of ass you were, and promised them
each a shot at you."

    "Stop the car." I told him. He stopped, and I jumped out.
He came bolting out of the car, and even before I could get very
far, he had grabbed me by the arms, and threw me up against the
car.

    "Where the fuck do you think you're going?", Randy said.

    "I don't want to do it. It's bad enough having to do it
with you, but I am not going to do it with anyone else. You can't
make me do it, and I won't. So just take me back to town right
now."

    "I don't think you fully understand. I'm not asking you to,
I'm telling you. I promised those guys that you were going to put
out for them, and you're going to fuck them like a good little
whore. I'm not about to have you embarrass me in front of my
friends."

    "I promised myself a long time ago that I would only ever
sleep with one guy. You forced me to make that guy you, fine. But
I'm not going to sleep with anyone else. You can beat me if you
want to, but I'm not going to change my mind.", I told him. I was
proud of having finally stood up to him.

    "Once again, you fail to realize what your position is. I
don't have to beat you anymore, and you are going to walk into
that barn tonight, and willing give yourself to each and every
guy who wants you."

    "Why would I ever do that?" At least I knew he wasn't going
to beat me anymore. I liked that.

    "Because if you don't, when I drop you off, I will also
drop those pictures I took of you into the mailbox. They are
already addressed to your father. He looked so proud of you
tonight too. It would be a shame for him to see how his little
baby girl, his pride and joy looks when she is stripping. I even
got a few good ones of you sucking my dick. Imagine daddies
surprise at seeing you giving a blowjob on film."

    Randy was right, I had no choice. I kept thinking of how
proud mom and dad looked as I went out that door. I would do
anything not to hurt them, now it looked like I would. As my mind
came to this conclusion, my body (which had been tense in Randy's
grasp) went limp. He knew I was beat.

    "So tell me what you are going to do?", he asked. The
bastard knew I had no choice. He just wanted to torment me a
little more by making me say it.

    "I'll do whatever you tell me to. Ever to your friends."

    "Then you will willing fuck them all tonight." I nodded,
even as the tears were forming.

    "Say it, I want to hear you say it."

    "I wi.. will sleep with your friends.", I replied in a soft
voice.

    "No, you aren't going to 'Sleep' with my friends. You are
going to FUCK them. Now say it right."

    "I will f... fu.. fuck your friends for you."

    "Good girl. Now take your panties off, I'm not about to
play sloppy seconds to these guys. All that sperm in one spot
would make me sick."

    As I was taking my panties off, I thought to myself that if
all that sperm was so disgusting, why was he making me do it. 

    "Don't you think I would be made sick with all that sperm
in me. It disgusts me to, you know."

    "What you think doesn't mean a thing to me. You are not a
person. You are just a thing I use to masturbate with, something
to use other than my hand. A rag to hold my sperm, so I don't get
it on me. Why should what you think or feel effect me at all?"

    I knew now why he was doing this to me. He doesn't care
about me at all. I had been tricking myself into believing that
he cared a little about me or he wouldn't be doing what he does.
Now I know that he is only doing it because he can, and so long
as he has those pictures, I will continue to do what he wants me
to because I no longer had any choice in the matter.

    I was removing my panties as this realization hit me. I was
just a thing to him. He told me to lay on the hood of the car. I
did as I was told, just as the tears of self pity were coming to
my eyes. For some reason, whenever I am crying, Randy always gets
more excited, more demanding sexually. It is as if my suffering
excites him, to see my pain thrills him. It can't be true, nobody
gets excited to see someone else suffer.

    To lay on the car, I had to touch the ground with my feet
to prevent me from slipping off in my dress. this put my body at
an awkward bowed position. Randy just unzipped himself, raised
the skirt of my dress up so that it covered my face (like I
didn't exist), and without any preliminaries unceremoniously
pushed his penis inside me.

    I felt the ridge on the hood of the car sliding up and down
my back with each trust and withdrawal. It was a painful position
to be in. When I tried to get up a little, to ease the pain,
Randy took both my breasts in his hands, and pushed me back into
the car hood. Now I not only had the ridge in my back, but I had
Randy pushing me into it. This pain was almost forgotten though
with the pain of Randy mashing my breasts into my ribs.

    Mercifully, he was quick. I knew he was finished by the now
all to familiar feel of Randy's sperm dripping down my legs.

    "If we are going to keep doing this, Could you please start
using a condom.", I asked.

    Randy must have thought this was funny because he started
laughing.
    
    "I'm serious.", I said. "If you are going to use me, the
least you could do is to help me to not get pregnant."

    Randy laughed even harder.

    "What's so funny?", I asked.

    "Since when do people wear condoms to masturbate? You still
don't understand, you are just a toy I play with. I use you like
I would anything else to get me off. Pregnant, that's a good
one..."

    I began to put my panties back on when Randy told me not
to. 

    "They are just going to come off anyway."

    So I got back into the car, and we drove on in silence. As
I sat in the car facing out into the night, I tried not to think
of what lay ahead for me. It wasn't easy. All I could think of
was how Randy had referred to me as a thing to masturbate with. I
felt subhuman being referred to that way. Was I really just an
object for Randy's pleasure? I didn't want to think about it. I
even almost succeeded in blocking it out of my mind, but there
was a slimy trickle that moved slowly down the inside of my
thigh. I knew it was Randy's sperm, some of it had leaked out. It
sent a chill down my spine with every millimeter it moved. The
chill cut straight to my soul.

    I was so wrapped up in my thoughts, that I didn't even
notice that we had arrived. Randy brought me out of my thoughts
by telling me to get out of the car. I thought briefly of
refusing to get out of the car, but Randy would have only pulled
me out.

    Randy took my hand, and almost dragged me into the barn. I
had the oddest sensation between my legs. Because Randy was
moving so fast, his sperm on my thighs made an almost
frictionless surface. 

    It was dark inside the barn, and I couldn't see anything. I
could sense that other people were there, but I didn't know where
or how many.

    We got to the middle of an open area surrounded by lofts. I
felt like the christens in Rome, just before the lions were let
loose.

    Randy then threw me to the ground, and went into the
darkness, leaving me to myself. I kept looking around into the
darkness for any signs of people.

    Suddenly, flood lights were turned on me. That's when I
heard the guys start to whoop at me. I still couldn't see anyone.

    I then heard Randy talk. 

    "You guys all know Cindy from school. She is here to do
whatever you want her to. Feel free to do with her as you please,
she won't object, will you dear?" I didn't answer him, afraid to.
"Answer the fucking question, bitch!", Randy yelled. "You don't
object, do you?"

    I wasn't about to not answer now. I knew that tone in
Randy's voice. It is the one he uses when he has lost his
patience with me. I said no, I didn't mind.

    "Good pet.", Randy said. "Now let's get this show on the
road. You will start by removing your clothes for my friends,
after which, we will decide what to do with you."

    I knew better than to object when Randy told me to strip.
Just because there were people there now didn't change the fact
that I had to do it. Of course, nothing said that I had to be
quick about it.

    My dress unzipped in the back, so at first I was forced to
jut out my chest to undo it. I had never really been
semiconscious about this before, but then again, I never had an
audience before either. I tried as best I could to not stick my
chest out too far, but it was useless. There was just no way to
avoid it.

    I got the zipper to the bottom of my back, where it ends. I
would have to slip it off from here. But first, I pulled my top
down slowly. 

    I heard some guy yell to Randy, "Kind of small in the tits,
Randy. I hope she starts looking better than this."

    I was embarrassed to here someone talk so brazenly about my
body. It was not something I was accustomed to. I began to cover
my breasts with my arm when Randy spoke in my defense, kind of.

    "Give me a break, I promised you a fuck. Here she is. She
may not be much, but she is almost a virgin. What more do you
want? Finish with the clothes, I'm getting bored."

    I slipped the dress past my hips leaving me naked except
for my shoes. I began to remove them, when I was told to leave
then on.

    "Not a lot of hair on that pussy either Randy." The guy
yelled again.

    "Hey, she just turned 15 a couple of weeks ago. You want
hair, go back to your mother. Cindy will fill out soon. In the
mean time, enjoy that clean pussy.", Randy replied.

    Randy then spoke, "Ok guys, there she is. You all know the
order we decided on. She will do whatever you tell her, or else I
go to the mailbox."

    I'm pretty sure no one else in the room got this statement,
but it was crystal clear to me. I either did as I was told, or
Randy would mail off the pictures.

    The first guy stepped out of the darkness. It was the geek
from my home economics class. He always grossed me out. He had
zits all over his face, and thick stupid looking glasses. He
always said and did really stupid things. He looked scared for
just a second, but then recovered.

    "L.. La...Lay down, and spread your legs." He told me. As I
was getting down, I heard someone in the darkness yell "Go get
her virgin." It wouldn't surprise me to know the this geek had
never been with a girl, I could never picture any girl wanting to
do it with him... then I remembered, I was about to.

    He undid his zipper on his pants and pulled his pants down
to his ankles. He had been so anxious to get it over with, that
he had dropped his pants halfway to me. He then had to take quick
baby steps to get to me. I'm sure if I weren't about to be forced
into this, I might have found the sight amusing, but all I could
think of is those zits on his face.

    He finally got over to me. Without any warning, he jumped
the remaining distance. His landing hurt a lot. I heard someone
yelling about the geek not wanting to wait to get his first piece
of tail. I couldn't be sure, because I wasn't really paying
attention to what was being said.

    I had more pressing matters. The geek had by this time
positioned himself just off to the side, and his cock was trying
to jam it's way into my pelvis. It hurt a lot. I would prefer the
real thing to this (and trust me, that isn't saying much).

    Randy yelled from the darkness, "Help him out, Cindy. We
don't have all night."

    I reached down, and put him where he was supposed to be. He
mumbled a thanks (like I wanted to do it), then with one thrust
pushed himself all the way in. The crowd cheered even as the pain
shot through my body from the rough treatment.

    The geek started pumping furiously right away, which didn't
do much to ease the pain. The good thing was it was less than a
minute before he finished.

    He got up to cheers, and yells, while I laid there on the
floor. I rolled into a ball, letting the pain ebb. I hurt, a lot.
I hadn't even begun to start to feel better before I heard
someone say, "My turn." I tried to shut the cheering out of my
mind...

--
