Archive-name: Violent/taken8.txt
Archive-author: Paul Colbenson
Archive-title: Taken - 8


I was waiting in the booth at three as I was told. I was
beginning to wonder how Randy expected me to help him pass
his class. I mean he was a senior, and I was only a freshman.
All his classes were at least two years ahead of me.

He got to the booth right at three. I had expected him to tell
me to get undressed. I figured he would want to use me before
we began to study. To my surprise, he told me to follow him.
He lead me through the halls to Mr.. Anderson's room.

Mr.. Anderson was a teacher who taught freshmen through senior
english. I had thought him to be the best teacher I ever had.
He was funny and bright, and made me really want to learn.
I tried harder in his class than in any other.

As Randy and I entered the room, I could see a few things had
changed since my last class with Mr.. Anderson this afternoon.
His desk had been cleared away, and a sheet had been placed over
the top of it.

As I entered the room, a really bad feeling came over me.
I didn't know why, but that sheet looked rather ominous to me.

I saw Mr.. Anderson sitting behind his desk looking out the
window. As Randy shut the door, he turned to face us. He gave
me a glance, then turned to Randy saying, "Does she know what
is going on?"

"Not really Mr.. Anderson, but she will. Just so's we have an
understanding, if Cindy here does whatever you want, you'll give
me a passing grade, right?"

"I don't normally allow students to do extra credit in my
class, but in this case", he turns to look me over, "I'll make
an exception."

I can't believe what I'm hearing! Randy is going to use my body
to get a better grade... I felt humiliated.

"Randy, when don't you leave Cindy and I alone now. We need to
discuss your grades."

Randy turned to leave, and I ran to catch him. "Randy, you can't
leave me alone with him, please stay. I'm afraid he might try
something."

"He is going to more than try something, he is going to do.
What's more, you are going to let him do it. Otherwise, I start
making copies of the video tape... I'm sure it'll be a hit here
at school."

With that he turned and left. I slowly entered the room where Mr..
Anderson was waiting.

"Come in Cindy, we have much to discuss. Be a dear, and lock
the door before you come over." I turned and locked the door.
I didn't want to face him, so I stood at the door and silently
wished him away.

"Please come to the front of the room", he said.

I turned to face him. His desk is at the far end of the room,
away from the door. All the student desks were between the door
and his desk. Just that very afternoon I had been thinking to
myself how small the classroom was. Now it seemed like there
was an entire continent between me and Mr.. Anderson's desk.
The longest walk of my life was across that room. I didn't think
I would ever get to his desk.

I stood in front of the desk wondering what would happen next.

"Do you know why you are here, Cindy", he asked.

I know what Randy expected me to do, and I guessed it was a lot
like what Mr.. Anderson wanted. I steeled my nerves for what
was to come. Even with that mental preparation, I still was not
able to answer without closing my eyes. I wasn't able to give
a verbal answer, so I just nodded my head.

"Good, then there won't be any surprises here for you. How old
are you, Cindy?"

"I... I...", my vocal cords didn't want to form the words.
My mind was thinking of what I would be made to do. I stopped
trying to form a sentence, "Fo.. Fourteen. I mean fifteen.
I just turned fifteen." It seemed odd that at this point in time
I was more worried about getting my age right than I was worried.
But this passed after I had spoken.

"Well you look fine for your age", Mr.. Anderson Got up out of his
chair and walked over to me. I started to turn to face him, but he
told me to keep facing forward. I turned back to face the window.

"You know I've been watching you in my class, Cindy. I see you
sitting in your desk trying so hard to impress me with your
school work. The whole time I kept noticing your young little
body, with your tits sitting provocatively over your desk.
I would look to see if they would brush the top of your desk when
you were writing. I would wonder what you felt as the cold desk
top came in contact with the warm breast." He was now behind me
where I couldn't see him.

I felt something brush my hair. I wasn't expecting it, and was
on edge to begin with, so I instinctively pulled away.

"You aren't afraid of me, are you Cindy?"

I said no very weakly. It wasn't the truth, but if it's one thing
that I learned from Randy, it was that there were times when
what you felt didn't matter. At those times, you are expected
to give the answers that they want to hear. I knew this was one
of those times.

"Good, I don't want you to be afraid of me. I am your friend."
Inside, I was terrified of him, but he didn't want to hear that.

I felt him brush my hair again. I was more prepared this time.
I still flinched at the touch, but I didn't pull away.

"There that isn't so bad, now is it Cindy?" I didn't like the
way he was saying my name. Whenever he said it, he made it sound
like a dirty word.

He returned to his desk, and sat down into his chair.

"Enough small talk, Cindy. I want you to do whatever I tell
you to do, and I don't want to hear any arguments. Let's start
off by you coming behind my desk." I walked over to his chair.
"Now turn your back to me."

I turned to face away from him. The next thing I felt was him
grabbing my shirt tucked into my skirt at the base of the two
sides, and begin to pull it out from my skirt. I felt my whole
body go tense. Up to now what was going to happen was just
an abstract concept, something that would happen later, in
the future. Now it was happening, there was no denying it anymore.

Memories of the barn returned, with the repeated sexual
performances I was forced to do. I remembered that the only way
I got through that night was by removing myself from my body.
I was still there, but somehow it wasn't really me with the guy's,
it was someone else, and I was only a spectator. I decided that
if I did the same thing now, this would some how go easier for me.

I felt his hands slide under my shirt, softly traveling up my
back. Normally I am very ticklish, but I had already detached
myself from my nerve endings. Sure I felt it, and it did make
my skin tingle, but I wasn't a part of it.

The hooks on my bra were released. I knew this because I felt
a ease of pressure on my breasts. Then the hands moved from my
back softly easing their way towards my breasts. I watched the
door in front of me, knowing that all I had to do was get on
the other side of it to freedom. Then all this would go away.
Only Randy had the video. So instead of going out that door,
I moved my arms away from the side of my body.

It was simple really, it was like watching a movie. I was just
an actress playing a part. No big deal.

The hands were around my breasts now. There fondled them in a
way that I'm sure that I would have enjoyed, had I not been just
an actress performing my role.

I barely made out the order from my director that I should
unbutton my top while my co-star continued with the love scene.
I undid my buttons with an ease that only confident actresses
could do. I even adlibed by removing it completely. My bra was
removed from me, by the disembodied hands around my breasts.

 I was turned around to face Mr.. Anderson. He continued to rub
 my chest. I'm not sure, but I think he even sucked them once.

I knew that the next thing to go would be the skirt. I almost
didn't notice the zipper on the side coming done. Next went
the catch, and then the last piece of clothing aside from my
shoes and socks were removed. I must explain that for you who
are reading my journal.

When Randy first started using me, he told me never to
wear panties. He said they were only in the way for him.
So I stopped wearing them. I forgot once, and wore a pair.
Randy hit me really hard telling me never to do it again.
I haven't worn panties since that day.

So there I stood in front of Mr.. Anderson, naked to his touch.
I was told to kneel. He stood.

He instructed me on what he wanted from me. I was to undo his
pants, and remove his.. (how did he put it?!? Oh yeah) To remove
his "Tool". I knew what he meant, so I did it. I was to then
suck on him.

He was bigger than Randy, but then I noticed that most of the
guys at the barn were to. I did as I was instructed.

While I sucked on him, he talked about how often he had dreamed
of me doing this to him in this very room. He said he would
fantasize about my "Full lips" wrapped around his "Cock" as he
would give his lecture for the day.

He then started to teach, like it was class time. He was talking
about passive and active verbs while I sucked on him. He paused
only to tell me to get up on the desk and lay down.

He resumed his lecture as he pushed his penis inside me.
This time he was talking about split infinities. He had such a
crazed look in his eye that I couldn't watch him any more, so
I turned away and closed my eyes. I wasn't able to reconcile in
my mind the Mr.. Anderson that taught me English, and this Mr..
Anderson who was having sex with me.

--==<< Author's note: This is the scene from the picture, so look at
the picture now if you haven't already >>==--

I noticed that he stopped lecturing now. Just like Randy, there
was the urgency in his thrusts, and the shallowness of breathe.
I knew Mr... Anderson was almost done.

With a final grunt, he pulled himself out, and used his hand
to pull his stuff out. He aimed the juice at my crotch, and
it shot out into my hair. Just then, a breeze came through the
open window. The sweat on my chest from Mr... Anderson caused
goose bumps to form on my body. Mr... Anderson put his penis
back in me, and rubbed his juice around on my pubic hair.

When he went soft, he dressed himself, and told my the lesson
was over, and that I could go now.

I was never able to like Mr... Anderson again.

--
