Archive-name: Violent/taken6.txt
Archive-author: Paul Colbenson
Archive-title: Taken - 6


    The dance was a couple months ago now. I still continued to
meet Randy in the booth as always. He hasn't made me do anything
like that night again. I guess whatever he had wanted, he had
worked it out of his system. 

    Lately he has stopped coming every day. There are days when
he doesn't bother showing up, and on the days he does, he wants
me to undress quickly, then he just does it to me. Sometimes I
wait almost the entire hour for him to show up, sitting in the
booth unable to hear what is going on outside. Then when he
showed up, it was all of 2 minutes from the time when he walked
in, to the time he was finished. Most times he didn't even bother
talking to me. He just walked in, took off my pants, had sex with
me (leaving all the rest of my clothes in place), and then
leaving.

    I asked him once why he always rushed it. He told me it was
because he had better things to do than waste an entire hour on
what he could finish in a few minutes. In his words "I'm here to
bust a nut, not to see how long it takes me to do it."

    Today I was in the booth as usual. Randy showed up at the
beginning of the hour, which was unusual these days. He fucked me
(I now knew that was all it really was), then told me to meet him
out in the woods at a spot we used to go when we had been dating.
Was that really just a few months ago, it seems like an eternity
ago.

    Then he left me naked, lying on the floor as usual.

    I spent the rest of the day worrying about he had planned
for me. It could be another thing like the barn, I hoped not.
Maybe he had something worse in mind. I couldn't picture anything
worse, I had spent a month after the barn thing happened in so
much pain that whenever I used the bathroom I would almost pass
out.

    I showed up as instructed. To my surprise, Randy had his
blackmail pictures with him. The first thing he did was to give
them to me. He told me that I could keep them if I did what he
wanted me to one more time.

    I figured once more and then I would be free. It wasn't a
difficult decision to make. I agreed.

    The first thing Randy did was to blindfold me. He then led
me down a path. On the way he told me that when we got to a
certain spot, he would give me a leather belt. I was to beat him
with it as hard as I liked. He told me he enjoyed pain. The only
catch was during the whole thing, I couldn't say a word, no
matter how much I wanted to, and I couldn't remove my blindfold.

    We got to the clearing, and Randy removed my clothes. He
then positioned me in a certain spot.

    "Ok, if you reach out in front of you, you will feel my
bare back. Feel free to strike as hard as you like.", I heard him
say.

    I reached out and felt his back. I then took the belt he
gave me and hit him with it. I heard a muffled him pitched
scream. I knew it hurt.

    I had hurt him. The man who had forced my virginity from
me, the man who had blackmailed me into continuing to have sex
with him. Now Not only would I be free of his blackmail forever,
but I got to hurt him like he had been hurting me all these
months.

    It was as if a dam inside me had burst. I used all the
anger and frustration that had been building up inside of me
these last few months to beat him now. I beat him like a demon
possessed. By now the screams had degenerated into muffled sobs. 

    Good, let the bastard cry like I have done every night
since that first night. The sobbing, instead of making me feel
pity on him, only made me want to beat him harder, and I did.

    Finally the sobbing stopped. Without the sobbing, the anger
subsided. My arm was so tired and sore, all I could do was drop
the belt I had been using. But I felt cleansed. The anger at
Randy was no longer there.

    I WAS FREE!!!!

    I turned away from where Randy was, and removed my
blindfold to get dressed. As the blindfold came off, the first
thing I noticed was Randy standing unharmed on the opposite side
of me than what I was beating him. He was masturbating himself,
and was just shoot his cum as my mask came off. The second thing
I noticed was the video camera. He had been taping me beating
him...

    Wait a minute, if he was on this side of me unharmed then
who was I beating? Oh my god, Who did I beat?

    I spun around quickly to see who it had been. When I saw
who it was, I felt as if a one ton weight had been dropped onto
my chest. Tied hanging from a tree by her wrists was my 12 year
old sister, naked.

    She was unconscious, probably passed out from the beating I
gave her. Her back was covered with welts, with the exception of
where the welt had opened and were bleeding.

    Her naked body swayed obscenely to and fro. Her tiny
nipples and just barely darkening pubic area just starting to
come into view before her body would swing the other direction. I
turned and ran.

    I ran to Randy, and began beating him with my fists.

    "You bastard!!!", I yelled, "How could you do this to me?
How could you be so sick? She's my sister you fucking jerk!!!!"

    Randy grabbed both of my wrists and twisted them hard.

    "I was getting tired of our old games. It was time to start
a new one. I wanted more from you. Now you can keep your stupid
fucking pictures. I have a video of you beating your own sister.
I think in the eyes of your family that is worth far more than
just a few pictures."

    He then through me at the feet of my sister. As I landed,
He walked over to me and forced himself roughly on top of me. I
fought him as hard as I could, but I was too tired from the
beating I had given. 

    Oh god, Stacey, please forgive me. How could I have done
this to you. You had nothing to do with this.

    For months I had wanted Randy to spend more time than he
had. I had wanted him to at least acknowledge my existence as
more than a toy. Now I only wanted him to finish and leave. No
such luck.

    He literally pummeled me like he hadn't done since that
first night. As the pummeling continued, all I could think of was
how close I had been to being free. I had the pictures in my
hands. If I had only walked away instead of going along with
Randy. But the thought of giving what I had been getting was just
to tempting to pass up. Now I was more trapped than ever.

    Randy had not yet finished when Stacey came around. She too
had been blindfolded, so mercifully she did not know it was me
who had beaten her. She was sobbing with pain.

    This sound only made Randy pound my hips even harder. He
finally finished. He grabbed my clothes and blindfolded me again.
He led me down a path, and then just left me. I took off my
blindfold. I was back in the place I had met Randy at. He was no
where to be seen. I dressed, and went looking for Stacey. I never
found her.

    By the time I got home, I was very late. The house was
empty, and there was no note telling me where everyone had gone.
I went upstairs and took a shower.

    Around 10:30, mom & dad came home. Mom was crying. She told
me that Stacey had been snatched on her way home from school,
taken somewhere and beaten. She had not be molested, just beaten.
She was in the hospital now where she was spending the night.

    Mom just kept going on and on about what kind of animal
would do such a thing. Dad went and got the pistol from the
bedroom, and began cleaning it the whole time mom was going on.

    When he had finished, he loaded it, and turned to mother.

    "Don't worry dear, if they ever catch the bastard who did
this to my baby girl, there won't be no trial. Just a funeral."
Then dad closed the barrel portion of the gun. The snap it made
as it clicked in terrified me. What would they do if they ever
found out it had been me?

    That thought kept me from sleeping at all that night, and
the next two...

--
