			    Taking Possession

  Bumped into an old enemy two nights ago.  I met him less than a week
after I moved into the city.  We dated for a few weeks and got along
well until he started ordering me around.  Our short affair ended in an
explosive yelling match.  His friends told me I was lucky he had shown
enough self-control not to hit me.  They claimed he was capable of
being dangerous.  Since then, our only acknowledgment of each others
existence had taken the form of ruthless character attacks to anyone
who would listen.

  But two nights ago, he and I ended up in bed.  I'm not quite sure how
that happened, but we had some very *nice* vanilla sex.  He was as
well-built as when I first noticed him years ago, and somewhere in our
mutual hatred there had always been sexual tension.  His wide, 6'3"
frame still dwarfed mine, a curvacious 5'5" (I've always felt that my
chest was *too* large to be attractive, but I've been assured by
numerous partners that they are more than firm enough to be
appealing).   I've always been a sucker for broad shoulders, a
well-developed chest, and a washboard stomach.  And a cock *almost* too
large to have fun with.  When I'm relaxed enough, I can usually
deep-throat, but I didn't even try with him.

  Before he left, he asked a leading question about my sexual
proclivities, and I told him he'd be shocked by what I like.  When he
pushed for details, I realized I might be in for some excitement.

  "I've always wanted to find someone who would just use me for his
pleasure.  Someone who will do *everything* he has the urge to do to me
and show no concern for my enjoyment.  He wouldn't need to care how I
felt about it: I'd be guaranteed to enjoy myself.  I've never found
anyone with the balls to do it.  I don't believe that true dominants
really exist."

  He showed no response.  I thought he might be shocked and horrified,
but we'd disliked each other for so long that it really didn't matter.
When he left, I assumed I'd never see him again.

  The following night I went to bed in a fever.  I couldn't stop
fantasizing about finding someone who knew how to use me.  I thought
about calling an old lover, but I just couldn't bear the frustration of
vanilla sex when I was so desperate to be controlled.  After many
restless hours, I finally fell asleep.  In my anguish, I forgot to lock
up my apartment.  Perhaps it was deliberate...
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  I came partially into consciousness some hours later.  I wasn't sure
what had woken me, but I was lying face down on my bed with the covers
pushed off the bed.  It seems that my dreams had kept me hot all
night.  As always, I had slept in the nude.  As I became coherent
enough to wonder what had roused me, I realized that someone was in the
room.  Before I even had a chance to turn my head toward the intruder,
a strong hand firmly grasped the back of my neck and held me down.
Something hard and cold and metallic briefly touched my skin.  I prayed
it wasn't a gun.

  "Don't look.  Don't move at all unless I tell you to."

  I wasn't sure whose voice it was!  Perhaps... I didn't know.  The
voice was sultry, heavy with lust.  Maybe HE had returned after all.  I
thought I had turned him off with my desire to be submissive, but I may
have been wrong.  I was now awake enough to be afraid.  Was it him?  Or
had someone else happened upon my unlocked door?  Was I going to be
fulfilled, or attacked?  If it WASN'T a stranger, was that a reason to
feel safe?  I began to wonder just how deeply our old animosity ran.  I
didn't know what the metal was, and I wasn't about to disobey his order
until I knew what was happening to me.

  He ran a hand slowly down my back, toying with my fear.  Something
soft was trailed across my ass, then up my back.  I began to relax,
thinking that no attacker would be so gentle.  Then he ran a fingernail
down my back, hard.  I cringed, but his grasp on my neck kept me from
turning my head.

  I heard a rattle of chain.  He pulled my head up with the hand on my
neck and slid a cold chain around my neck.  His hand finally lifted
from my neck, but only to secure both ends of the chain in it.  The
chain wasn't so tight as to cause much discomfort, but I've always had
a phobia about anything touching my throat.  My fear began to build
again.  Not gentle after all.

  He moved his other hand into my line of view.  It was wrapped in a
scarf- he was giving me no clues.  He covered my face with the scarf
and pulled the hand out.  "Blindfold yourself," he grunted.  Still not
enough for me to identify the voice.  I hesitated.  He tightened the
chain cruelly, making me choke.  The pressure was relaxed almost as
abruptly as it had tautened, but I knew what was expected of me.

  I moved my arms up and pulled the scarf around my eyes and behind my
head.  I hadn't realized how badly I was shaking.  He tossed the chain
aside as he grabbed the gathered ends of the blindfold from me and
roughly planted his knee in my back as he tied it in place.  I realized
I could still see out of the bottom of the blindfold.  I didn't know
whether to be grateful or nervous.  He grabbed my wrists and twisted
them behind me.  I didn't have the chance to make use of the gap in my
blindfold before he had me handcuffed.  This was not the metal I had
felt before.

  My head was still facing the wall, but I tried to twist my neck far
enough to get a glimpse of my assailant.  Another mistake.  He slapped
my face sharply.  "I told you not to look and not to move.  You'll pay
for both."  I was finally fairly sure that it WAS him, but somehow the
knowledge wasn't as comforting as it should have been.

  He had come prepared.  He slipped pads over each eye and under the
blindfold and then resecured it, tighter than before.  I began to
wonder if he had intentionally left me the opportunity to try to peek.

  "I've got YEARS of want to take out on you tonight."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  I eased my knee off of her back and sat next to her on the bed.  God,
she's gorgeous.  I ran the tip of a finger along her earlobe, down her
neck and along her spine until I reached the handcuffs.  "Let's keep
her guessing," I thought, and slapped her across the ass hard enough to
leave a handprint.  She let out a little yelp and jumped.  I slid a
hand along her hip and up her side.  "Roll over," I said.  As she
started to, I grabbed her right tit and pushed her the rest of the
way.  She gasped as the handcuffs bit into her wrists and back.  I
gently ran the back of my hand down the left side of her face, between
her breasts and pinched her right nipple between my knuckles.  She
trembled.  I wondered if it was fear, excitement or both.  I suspected
she didn't know either.  I ran my thumbnail up the inside of her thigh
and started massaging the tendon next to her pussy.  No one with the
balls, huh?  I squeezed the tendon tightly with my forefinger and
thumb, wanting to see her reaction to the pain.  She squirmed,
whimpering a little.  "Who said you could move?" I asked, and
backhanded her across that beautiful face.  No answer.  I grabbed her
left tit and twisted, asking again, "Who - said - you - could MOVE?"

  "No one," she said in a small voice.

  "That's right.  You are going to do EXACTLY what you are told to and
nothing else.  Right?"

  "Yes."

  I twisted harder.  Menacingly... "Yes, what?"

  "Yes, master," she said resignedly.  I thought I saw a smile flicker
across her face.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Unbidden, a proverb popped into mind:  "Be careful what you wish
for.  You may get it."  I almost giggled at this disconcerting thought,
but I tried to supress the smile.  I just *might* get it, after all.

  His weight shifted off the bed.  I heard rustling, but I couldn't
seem to identify any sounds other than the blood pounding in my ears.
Was he undressing?  His hands weren't touching me, and I suddenly
cringed at the thought of another slap.  God, did he see me cringe
(move?)?  Having no clues as to what would happen next suddenly seemed
like the worst torture yet.  It worried me that the thought of worse
tortures to come seemed somehow delicious.

  I was trembling even more now, and I hoped he wouldn't punish me for
what I couldn't control.  I fought the urge to curl up in the corner of
the bed.  As if reading my mind, he said, "You can spread your legs...
or not.  Those are your choices."  It hadn't been an order, but did I
have REALLY have a choice?

  Feeling bolder, I asked, "What happens if I don't?"

  "You'll know when I do it."  Still removing his clothes.

  I felt him move closer.  crack!  "I won't be so nice next time you
speak." My face stung from the abuse.   He grabbed my hair and slapped
me again.  I wanted to ask why, but I didn't dare.  Almost
involuntarily, I spread my legs.  Still holding my hair, he stradled my
chest and pulled my mouth to his cock.  I hated to realize how much I
wanted it.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  As I watched her, the tingling aftereffects of the slap leaving my
hand, I remembered how much I loved those lips.  Especially parted
slightly, as they were now.  I decided I wanted them.  As I straddled
her, they parted more.  A suppressed gasp... of anticipation?  I
touched her lips with the tip of my cock and told her, "Lick it."  Her
tongue slid out from between those delicious lips and did as I had
ordered.  As I rubbed my dick around her lips her tongue occasionally
flicked out, providing fresh lubrication.  Enough of this rinky-dink
crap.  I prodded with the tip of my cock.  Her mouth opened
obligingly.  As I started sliding it in she became more uncomfortable,
a tinge of panic surfacing as her mouth was being filled.  Tough!  I
was going to be an inexorable force whether she liked it or not.

  "Take it... or you're going to get hurt."  A muffled noise emerged
from her throat, but she complied.  As I felt the tip hit the back of
her throat, and felt a stifled gag, I couldn't help but smile.  She
sucked as I pulled back.  The sensation of her lips stretched tightly
around my cock made it even harder.  I slid my right hand along the
indentation in her cheek, and slid my dick in until I was pushing
against the back of her throat.  I held it there.  I was reluctant to
stop, but I wanted her to take it all.

  I slid out with a pop and the slurp of her sucking.  Her enthusiasm
was gratifying.  Climbing off of her and the bed, I slid my hands
across her breasts and under her armpits then lifted her slight frame
and set her down on her knees facing the foot of the bed.  She was very
appealing in this supplicative stance: on her knees, her hands bound
behind her back.  Even more so when I pushed her head down to the bed.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  I didn't remember it being *this* big, but with a mouth full of dick
it was all I could do to breath through my nose, even when I wasn't
gagging.  It was enough to make me doubt that it WAS him.  I rapidly
moved my tongue side to side against the glans when I had the chance,
trying to encourage him not to go deeper and choke me with his
enormity, but to no avail.

  Again I felt the anguish of uncertainty when he suddenly pulled out
of my mouth and got off the bed.  I was startled by the sudden contact
when he ran his hands across my skin.  He lifted me so easily!  It made
me realize how helpless I was against his sheer physical strength.
When he set me down I had to part my knees to keep my balance, only to
have him push me forward.  It was humiliating and exciting to be so
exposed.  With my knees spread and my ass in the air, the cool air
against my labia made me realize how wet I was.  I was sure I was
finally going to to be fucked, so it surprised me when he lay down on
the bed next to my prostrate form.

  He lifted my face from the bed and moved my mouth to his erection.
As eager as I was, there was no point in risking further punishment by
pretending I didn't know what to do.  I took the head between my lips
and circled it with my tongue.  Hoping to surprise HIM for a change, I
dove down on it.  It usually takes some preparation before I can relax
my gag reflex enough to slide a penis into my throat, but I forced
myself to swallow him entirely in this one stroke.  He touched my neck
where it expanded from his entry.  Either he could see the bulge or
this wasn't a new experience for him.  My right tit moved against his
body as I bobbed up and down, and I shifted so my nipple could enjoy
the stimulation.  He noticed and reached a hand under me to play with
my jealous left nipple.  When he removed the hand, I groaned in
frustration.  The vibration from my groan inspired him to raise his
hips, thrusting into my mouth.

  He was harder than ever, and thinking that he was close to orgasm, I
decided to risk his wrath.  I sucked as hard as I could as I let his
dick slip from my mouth and ran my tongue down the length of the
underside of his cock to his testicles.  I pulled one of his balls into
my mouth and sucked on it gently, teasing it with my tongue.  I groaned
again as he slipped his thumb into me and started rubbing my clit
between two fingers.  Again, the vibration seemed to please him.  I
released the testicle I was sucking and ran a figure-eight with my
tongue around each of his balls.

  Now I knew *I* had control of the situation.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Yes.  She was every bit as talented as I had remembered, but I was
getting impatient.  She was getting too confident, and I didn't want
her to forget that she was mine to do with as I pleased.  As I
continued to play with her pussy and clit, I grasped her hair and
returned her mouth to my dick holding my hand lightly on the back of
her neck.  As I rolled her clit between the tips of my fingers, I slid
my dripping thumb out and up to rub her tight little asshole.  She
started slightly, but relaxed immediately and continued to suck on my
dick.  She said EVERYTHING I wanted.  I returned my thumb to her wet
pussy for fresh lubrication.

  The nice long strokes up and down my cock were particularly
distracting, but not so much as to make me forget what I had in mind.
I returned the tip of my thumb to her asshole.  When she reached the
bottom of her next stroke, I used the hand on the back of her neck to
hold her there as I began to slide my thumb up her ass.  She gave a
kind of panicked whimper through her nose.  I slid it to just past the
cuticle even though I had to fight her asshole clinching.  "Relax," I
said as I returned to her pussy for more lubrication.  I replaced the
thumb in her cunt with my ring and middle fingers and again started
pushing the thumb up her ass.  This time, despite the natural clenching
of her asshole, it slid past the knuckle fairly easily.

  As I rubbed the tips of my fingers together through the thin membrane
separating the two regions, I relaxed the pressure on the back of her
neck.  She hesitated.  "Suck," I told her emphatically, puncuating it
by pressing my thumb farther up her ass.  I started a back and forth
motion between my thumb and fingers, so that the fingers were sliding
in as the thumb was sliding out and visa versa.  The effects were
gratifying.  She moaned as her head bobbed up and down on my cock with
a renewed vigor.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  I had never had anyone put anything in my asshole before, and I
wanted to object at first, but I knew it wouldn't stop him, and I
didn't want to jeopardize my plans for regaining my freedom.  I was
surprised and dismayed by the intense sensations brought on by this new
violation.  I felt myself slipping into a chasm of pleasure, but I
summoned my last vestiges of self-control and forced my attention back
to the task at hand: turning the tables.

  I knew well that letting him cum would restore his will-power, so
whenever I sensed his impending orgasm, I would change from long
strokes to teasing licks.  When I was sure that he must be lost in his
own heady desire for release, I knew it was now or never.  I took him
all the way into my mouth and then drew back slowly, sucking and moving
my tongue against his swollen cock.  When I reached the head, I flicked
my tongue aginst it, and placing my lips against the glans, said, "Take
the handcuffs off and I'll make you cum."

  I had always believed that women are more powerful than men.  Get a
man close enough, and he's incapable of denying you, I had thought.  I
was wrong.  Almost immediately, I felt him stiffen in annoyance, and I
realized how badly I had misjudged my situation.  He jerked his fingers
out of me and slapped my ass.  When he grabbed my hair and pushed my
face into the bed, I wished I could retract my words.

  I was terrified by his abrupt movement, and I could feel his weight
on the bed behind my vulnerable upraised ass.  I braced myself for
another blow.  It didn't come.  In stead, he placed the head of his
dick against my dripping pussy lips and slid all the way into me.  When
he drew back for another stroke I realized with relief that he was
intent on release, not punishment.  He pushed in deeply and placed his
hands firmly on my hips.

  I was confused when he pulled out and cruelly tightened his grip with
one hand, but not for long.  He nestled his cock against my virgin
asshole.  Terror overwhelmed me when I realized his intent.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  The relaxation I saw when I stuck my dick in her hot cunt made it
evident that she didn't know what was about to happen.  Good.  I dug
the fingers of my left hand into the tender flesh of her full hips to
remind her to behave as I removed my right hand to press the tip of my
cock against her asshole.  As the realization struck her she shrieked
and straightened her legs, trying to escape.  Of course, all this
accomplished was putting her in a more vulnerable position:  on her
stomach with my knees between her spread legs.  The unexpected motion
made me see red.  I grabbed her by the handcuffs and pulled her arms up
severely so that the slightest movement would cause the pain to become
excruciating.  With her face pressed further into the bed, there was no
avenue of escape from the pressure to her shoulders.  Using my grip on
the handcuffs for leverage, I spread my knees, forcing her legs farther
apart.  "If that's the way you want it...,' I said as my fingers bit
deeper into her hip, where I still held her.

  I moved my left hand from her hip and placed my forearm across the
back of her neck.  Releasing her arms, I lay forward, pinning her under
my weight.  I lifted my hips and rolled slightly to the left as I
grasped my cock with my right hand and guided it to her asshole.  She
squirmed slightly.  I shifted more weight to the forearm across her
neck and repositioned my cock once again.  "If you don't want it
easy...," I said as I quickly forced the first three inches up her ass,
ignoring the pain.  She cried out, then lay there whimpering.  I pulled
back slightly, then continued the forward pressure at a more reasonable
rate.  As I felt myself all the way in I started sliding in and out
slowly.  She began to relax as my strokes became progressively longer
and quicker.

  It was time to find out if she would truly submit.  I pulled out of
her ass abruptly and rolled off the bed.  She moaned, but didn't move.
I unlocked the handcuffs and looked down at her ravaged form.  "Do you
want me to leave?"

  "Wait...what?...aren't you going to cum?"

  "I can GET laid.  I want a slave.  You said you wanted to be used.
Now you've had a taste.  You can submit to me entirely, or I can
leave...do you want me to leave?"

  She hesitated.

  "No."

  I took her blindfold off and showed her the collar I'd brought.  It
was a heavy gold choker, about 3/4" wide and a few millimeters thick.
Only instead of a typical jewelry clasp, the snap-release had been
modified.  Once the collar was fastened in place, it couldn't be
removed except by cutting through it.

  She looked up at me, doubt evident in her expression.  She waited,
expecting me to put it in place.  Instead, I handed it to her.  "If you
put it on, you're mine.  The only way to get it off is to have someone
cut it off.  If you ever do that, you'll never see me again." She
studied the clasp, then returned her gaze to my face.  Without taking
her eyes off mine, she raised the gold to her throat and fastened it in
place.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  He relieved himself in my ass that night, but I wasn't allowed to
cum.  He told me that only when I had been properly submissive would I
have that opportunity.  It seems that my wish had been granted.  It was
the start of a beautiful relationship.
