Copyright © 1997, Studs Manly,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.


Tales by:  Studs Manly



        Newsstand Nookie
	I work as a clerk at a newsstand.  We have one section restricted for
adults where we sell magazines like yours as well as magazines with
hardcore pictures.  I get my kicks looking at the magazines while I'm
behind the counter, but what really gets me going is watching the guys
who stand back there looking at the pictures.  There's a mirror so we can
watch for shoplifters, but I also get to see plenty of guys playing with
themselves.
	I get wet when I see them rubbing their crotches as they look at the
pictures of people fucking and sucking.  It's surprising to me that a lot
of men, even the married ones, like to look at gay magazines.  Maybe
they're just comparing prick sizes.  But since most of the magazines,
straight and gay, show a lot of blowjobs, I figure they're just
fantasizing about the act that their wives and girlfriends won't perform.
	Me, blowjobs are my favorite thing.  I'm not a beauty queen or really
smart, so I had to have something to attract guys.  I found out that
giving head was a great way to get asked out on dates.  Of course, a guy
had to show me a good time, with dinner, a movie or dancing, before I'd
go bobbing in his lap.  Even now, I don't usually suck a guy's cock until
after we've had some good times.
	I say "usually" because, sometimes, if the guy's a hunk and the mood's
right . .  . it doesn't even have to be for a date.  Like last week, I
was getting ready to close up at 8.  One guy I'd never seen before was
browsing in the adult section and was the only customer there.  He was
well-dressed, in his late 30s, very distinguished looking.
	The door can be locked with a switch under the counter, so I locked it
and walked toward the adult section and asked, " If you're looking for
something in particular, perhaps I can help?"
	He looked at me and smiled real sexy.  "Actually, I'm looking for
magazines dealing with, uh, watersports," he said.
	"You mean enemas and peeing, or water polo?" I asked, not at all shy
in front of the stranger.  He laughed and explained, his voice deep and
sexy.
	"No, not water polo.  Golden showers are my interest.  You don't seem
to carry anything of that nature, though."
	"The owner was worried about local reaction to that stuff," I said.
"Around here, ass fucking is okay, but some people think golden showers
are just too kinky."
	"And what about you?" he asked, rubbing the big ridge in his pants.
"What do you think is kinky?"
	"Well, I'm not sure," I said.  "What one person thinks is perverted
and kinky might seem normal to somebody else.  I like to suck cock and
some people think that's kinky."
	"Is that right?"
	"Looks like you have a big one.  Would you think I was kinky if I said
I wanted to suck it?"  I just spoke plainly to him.  I even let my
fingers brush over the bulge in his pants.
	"Where can we go?" he asked.
	"Go?" I asked, dropping to my knees in front of him and rubbing my
face around his crotch, nuzzling the roll hidden from my view.  "I want
it now, here.  I locked the door, no one will bother us."  I slowly
unzipped him and reached inside.
	"I don't believe this," he whispered.
	And I don't believe this!" I echoed as I pulled out the uncircumcised
mammoth cock.  "Oh, God, I love big dick."  I licked up and down the
shaft.  "A big cock is one of my favorite things in life.  The only thing
better than a big one is two big ones!"
	My hands held a thick 9-inch piece of hot dick and it was already
leaking some pre-squirt which I quickly kissed and licked off.  The man's
hand held my head and he began fucking my face and talking dirty,
something else I like.
	"Oh, yeah, baby, suck that dick.  You're so good, I'll bet you must
suck all your customers, eh?  I'd like to see you spread out and naked
while five guys pissed all over you.  Would you like that?  Then they'd
all fuck you.  Fuck your cunt and your asshole and your mouth.  Then jerk
off all over you.  Cover you with sticky cum.  Oh, yeah, cumming!"
	And he did, too, and I swallowed every salty drop of his juice.  I
sucked him good then told him to fuck me like a bitch in heat.  I got on
my hands and knees and he flipped up my dress.  No panties so he just
stuck his dick in and started fucking away.  I was inches away from a
magazine with a picture on the cover of a gal getting it doggie style,
just like I was.  She was enjoying it, too.  And right beside it was a
picture of a wide-eyed gal with a mouthful of big black dick and I wished
I had one or two more cocks to work with.
	"Fuck me in the ass," I told him.  "Ream my asshole, you horse-cocked
motherfucker!"
	"How did you know I was a motherfucker?" he asked as he pulled out of
my pussy and pressed his knob against my asshole.  "I fucked my mother."
He thrust the head into my ass.  "I fucked my best friend's mother."
Another shove and a few inches slid in.  "I fuck my wife's mother."
Thrust.  "I'll fuck your mother if you want me to!"  Slam!  He buried his
bone in my backside.
	"You fuck!" I yelled as I pushed back against him.  "Make me come and
I'll recommend you!"  I felt his fingers comb through my cunt hair and
find the stiff shaft of my clit.  He started pinching and stroking it to
make me cum
	"Baby, look at that magazine with the chick smiling through a faceful
of hot jizz.  Wouldn't you love that?"
	"Yeah, I want cum all over my face and tits!  I want to swim in a pool
of hot spunk!  I want a bellyful of it and I want a cum enema!  Give it
to me, fucker!"
	He thrust faster, deeper, harder and I started cumming.  In the middle
of my mindfuck orgasm, he sprayed my bowels with his load.  He snorted
like a bull as he slammed his spurting cock deep inside.
	"That was the best assfuck I've had in ages," I said to him as his
shrinking meat slipped out.  He didn't wipe it with a handkerchief, just
tucked it in and fastened his pants.
	"Do you do this often?" he asked.
	"Only when I'm horny, which is pretty often.  Let's see, those books
will be $65 plus tax."
	"Helluva good price for the books and the fine suck and fuck."
	I thanked him and told him to come back soon.  He said he would.  Even
if he doesn't, there will always be guys who will give me some loving.
=0CIncest
	Sweet Love
	by David Smith
	Twenty years ago I finished high school and joined the Army.  I was
sent to Germany and within a year my folks died.  I got leave to return
to the states for the funeral and settle the estate.  I had no other
family and spent lots of time with my high school sweetheart, Sandra.  I
returned to Germany and even though I wrote her, I never heard from her
again.  Eventually I married a German girl and decided to make the Army
my career.
	My wife divorced me three years ago and ran off with some Italian, but
we had two beautiful children who stayed with me.  Somehow, word reached
me in the spring last year about my high school class's 20th reunion so I
arranged for the kids to stay with their grandmother while I returned to
the states to see how things had changed and maybe see if Sandra would be
there.
	Everything about the hometown had changed.  The one-stoplight town on
a two-lane road is now a highly commercialized strip on a five-lane road.
I checked into my motel and picked up the phone book.  Well, at least
Sharon's folks were still listed.  I called to say Hello and ask about
Sharon.  A woman answered.
	"Hello, this is David Smith.  I don't know if you remember me but I'm
an old friend of Sharon's from high school."
	"David Smith?" the woman said after a pause.
	"Yes, I was wondering if Sharon would be attending the school
reunion?"
	"Mr. Smith, uh, could I get back to you?"
	I told the woman where I was staying, hung up the phone and took a
shower.  I was napping when someone knocked on the door and I opened it.
Standing there, looking not a day older than when I last saw her, was
Sharon!  Same hair, same 5'9" height, same eyes, everything.  I was
speechless!  And I probably looked like an idiot standing there with my
mouth open.
	"Mr. Smith.  My name is Kris.  I'm Sharon's daughter.  May I come in?"
Naturally I let her in.  She sat in a chair near the window and crossed
her legs.  She wore a white silk blouse and a navy blue skirt which was
short enough to show off her gorgeous legs.  "Mr. Smith, I have some
rather bad news for you."  Kris told me that Sharon and her husband had
died in an air crash only a year ago.  I was stunned to say the least,
and offered my
condolences.  I told her that my wife and I had divorced two years before
and she told me that she'd been living with her grandparents as she tried
to sort out her life.
	I asked her to tell me about her mother and father, thinking that if
she talked about good memories, we could remove the heavy atmosphere.
	"Well, he was my step-father.  He married my mom when I was three
years old.  I never knew my real dad."  I did some quick figuring.
	"Kris, I hope you don't mind if I ask but how old are you?"
	She looked at me with the same green eyes that her mother had.
"Nineteen.  Dad."
	I fainted.  I have never fainted in my entire life but POW! I conked
out right in the chair.  When I came to, Kris was holding a cold
washcloth to my head.  "Are you okay?" she asked, looking very worried.
=46or the next hour she explained that her mother never told me of her
pregnancy because she didn't want to "trap" me.  Sharon had gone on to
school and become a registered nurse.  While in school she met and
married an intern who adopted Kris and loved her as his own.  He became a
successful surgeon and now Kris was looking to get to know her real
father.  Me.
	"Mom told me alot about you.  Everything.  She loved you alot."  I
told her I never knew, never imagined that I had a daughter by Sharon.
Kris assured me that Sharon had never wanted me to know.
	Kris and I went out for dinner.  She was my daughter, but being with
her was like the old days with Sharon.  She not only looked like her
mother but she had the same laugh.  Kris drove me back to my motel after
dinner, and both of us were in good spirits.
	"By the way, Mom told me that you were her first lover," she said in
the car.  "And that you were hung.  True?"
	What do you say to a question like that?  And what do you do when your
daughter suddenly reaches over and lays her hand on your lap?  Now, 20
years in Germany had certainly liberalized me.  I'd made love to my
wife's sister with my wife's consent and encouragement.  Incest in Europe
isn't a big deal.  But in America?  With my own daughter?
	"C'mon, Dad, this isn't 1970.  I've wanted to fuck you for years.  Mom
knew that.  I tend to think she was hoping that someday we would, too.
Ooh, she was so right!  You do have a big one!"  She had been rubbing and
squeezing my jewels just like Sharon used to do, and I couldn't help but
get hard.  Daughter or not, Kris was one sexy woman.
	"I want you, David," Kris said told me at the motel.  "And I know you
want me.  Well?"  What can I say?  We went to my room and I fucked my
daughter.  No.  Change that.  I made love with a sexy, vibrant young
woman.  Our relation by blood is secondary.  Actually, I never really
thought of her as my daughter.  In a way it was like making love with
Sharon.
	Kris had the same deep auburn hair and smooth skin as her mother had
had. I watched her remove her clothes, folding her blouse and skirt
neatly instead of hastily tossing them into a pile.  And rather than wear
panty hose, Kris wore stockings with garters..  Sexy.  Mature.  She sure
had class.  And a superb body.  My cock throbbed as she unfastened the
garter snaps and rolled the stockings down her smooth and shapely legs.
	"How do I look, David?" she asked as she stood braless and wearing
only panties.  Her breasts were beautiful, capped with red nipples that
looked delicious.
	"Wonderful," I said, opening my arms to her.  She hugged me, grinding
against the protrusion in my pants.
	"Kris, are you suure this is what you want?" I asked.  "I am twice as
old as you.  And I'm your fattther."
	"Shh!" she said.  "I grew up knowing you through my mother's eyes as a
lover, not a father.  Love me."  She pressed her full lips to mine and
her sweet-tasting tongue darted into my mouth.  She slid her hand between
us and started rubbing my hard-on.  With that, all my hesitation
vanished.  I was wanted by this beutifuly young woman, quite a boost for
my ego after my divorce.  I stepped back and undressed as Kris pulled the
bedspread down and laid on the bed watching me.
	"Hmm, a hardbody hunk," Kris whispered sexily when she saw my chest
and still-trim waist.  "I guess the Army won't let you get soft and
flabby."  When I was naked, Kris looked at my eight-inch cock and licked
her lips.  "A girl's mother tells no lies," she said.  "Just as she
remembered.  Long and thick."  I reached down and took hold of the
waistband of her panties and Kris raised her butt off the bed as I pulled
them down.  Her trimmed auburn tuft barly hid the protruding lips of her
pussy as the panties slid down her legs.  I could smell the aromatic
fragrance of her expensive perfume mixed with the scent of her arousal.
The panties were damp and I knew I had to taste her before we did
anything else, so I held her legs and kissed the inside of her thighs,
working my way to her pussy.
	"Oh, God, yes-s-s!" she hissed at the first touch of my tongue on her
slit.  A trickle of sweet and tangy  juice seeped onto my tongue as I
licked her tender flesh.  I sucked on the lips, burrowed my tongue
between the folds, lightly chewed on her erect clit, and evven put one,
then two fingers into her succulent treasure box, fingering her and
bringing her to a quick orgasm.
	"Ooh, put it in me now," she whimpered, pushing my head from her
womanhood.  "Make sweet love to me, David."  'Sweet love.'  That's whatt
Sharon had called it.  And hearing Kris say those same words in the
throaty way she said them made me as eager to do it as I'd ever been in
my life.  My cock tthrobbed and seemed harder than ever, anxious to be
surrounded by the hot tightness of Kris's vagiina.
	I paused above her, my cock poised at her entrance.  My eyes asked for
a final time.  "Yes," she whispered.  Slowly I eased my shaft into her
wet sheath.  She was very tight and oh, so hot inside.  Her arms went
around my neck and her legs locked around my waist, pulling me inside.
"Oh, yes, so good.  Hmph, yes.  Do me deep.  Do me hard, David."
	Making love with Kris that first time was like a dream.  The only
thing in my mind was to please the angelic beauty beneath me.  And that's
just what I did.  My cock pistoned in and out of her clinging, well-oiled
pussy with long, loving strokes.  Her inner muscles clutched at my prick
on the downstroke and seemed to release me as I temporarily withdrew,
only to eagerly plunge in again.
	When the walls of her vagina quivered around my prick, my orgasm hit
me like an express train.  As Kris gasped and cried out, my cum raced up
my cock and gushed from the head.  Kris's body seemed to jerk at the
impact of my spunk inside her.
	As we lay there breathing hard, a question formed in my mind, but Kris
answered it before I could ask.
	"Don't worry.  I'm on the Pill."  My cock soaked inside her warm
pussy, and she asked me what I was thinking.
	"Different things.  I met you less than six hours ago, a beautiful
young woman half almost my age, and here I am in bed with you.  And
you're my daughter, a daughter I never even knew I had."
	"You mean you're feeling some guilt?" she asked.
	"No, not guilt, God, no.  How could a man make love to a woman like
you and feel anything but wonderful?.  Not guilt, just . . .
overwhelmed."
	Kris and I talked for a long time before my prick again stiffened.
She kissed my chest and left  a wet trail down to my cock.  She sucked my
balls into her mouth and nibbled on the wrinkled skin of my scrotum.  She
teased and delighted in exploring my parts.  Then she concentrated on my
cock, licking slowly up the underside, flicking her tongue around the
tender spot under the head, and then she planted a kiss on the very end.
	"Your cock tastes divine," Kris said.  "I want you to come in my
mouth, Dad."  She smiled and laughed.  "Aren't I wicked?  Asking my
father to cum in my mouth, indeed!  What are you going to  do with a
daughter like me?"
	"Cum in your sweet mouth, I suppose," I laughingly said.  "Suck it,
Baby, suck my prick.  Suck your Daddy's spunk."  Kris grinned and her
green eyes flashed.
	"Yessir," she replied.  "I know better than to argue with an officer.
Or my daddy."  And with that she started letting my cock slide between
her lips.  More and more went inside.  She didn't wince or gag or strain
as she managed to completely engulf my cock.  Christ, would the surprises
never end?  I hoped to hell not!
	She sucked my dick better than a French whore, let me tell you, and
that's saying a lot.  She could have taught the German and Italian street
girls a few things, too.  A 19 year old American.  And she was my
daughter!  I was so proud of her I felt like I was about to . . . to . .
. explode!
	"wait, wait!" I stopped her.  "I don't want to cum yet.  Turn around
so we can eat each other."  In seconds, her moist muff was over my mouth
and her delicate pink rosette winked at me irresistibly from between her
smooth cheeks so I didn't even try to resist.  I pointed my tongue and
zeroed in on that pucker.
	"Oh!" Kris gasped at the first touch.
	"I'm going to rim you, Baby," I said.  "Your asshole looks like it
needs a good tonguing."  I circled her salty-tasting ring before working
it past the tight entrance.  Kris kept her mouth working on my cock in
return, kissing and licking and sucking.
	I told her I was close and she doubled her oral effort to make me
come.  I just closed my eyes and went with the rush and erupted a hot
load of thick semen into Kris's sucking mouth.  She swallowed it all as
if it were champagne, not allowing a single drop to escape her lips.
	We slept, my face nestled in her wet "V" and my cock curled inside her
mouth.  The next day we attended the reunion festivities together.  I
suppose everyone, or most everyone, knew that I was Kris's father, but no
one was gauche enough to mention the situation.  I was just a father with
his daughter.  No one knew that my newly-revealed daughter and I had
spent the previous night fucking like newlyweds.  Or that when we danced
together, my hard cock pressed against her belly.
	And I suppose everyone thought we left early so I could get her home
by midnight.  Well, I did get her in bed by midnight.  11:35, actually.
By midnight she already had the first of three wads inside her tight, hot
cunt.  I fucked and sucked and rimmed and reamed more in the week I was
there than in the previous three years combined.  I visited with Kris's
grandparents who, of course, knew I had made Sharon pregnant years ago.
I told them that if I had known I'd have done the right thing and that I
hoped to make up for it.
	Kris wanted to come with me to Germany, apply to attend the University
near the base.  I told her she'd have to wait for a passport and I wanted
her grandparents' approval, even though she was old enough to make her
own choices.
	"Will you still fuck me in Germany?" she asked that evening in bed.
	"You may not want me to," I said.  "You'll probably meet some smart,
good looking University student and take up with him."
	"Never!" she said, her cunt putting a vise-like grip on my cock.
"Nobody is more handsome or smarter than you.  Or a better fuck!"
	Well, that was a year ago.  Kris did come to live with me in Germany
and, yes, as my daughter.  In fact, she had her name changed.  Yes, we do
still have sex.  We are discreet, but as I said earlier, Europeans are
more liberal about that sort of thing.  I took my 20 year retirement from
the service and am now working in the private sector.  Kris is attending
a very prestigious university, thanks to her intelligence and the
substantial inheritance and insurance settlement she received after her
folks passed away.  She and my other two kids get along very well and
everything is going great.
	For her 21st birthday, Kris wants me to fuck her asshole.  She's
really gotten turned on by Europe's sexual attitudes and has been
dropping hints about trying out some of the kinky stuff.  If she asks me,
how can I refuse?=0C	Married To Sisters
	I'm a lucky man.  I married a super woman, Gina, who's loving and
beautiful and a helluva good fuck.  Same is true of her sister, Cassie.
Cassie is my spiritual bride as surely as Gina and we three share a home
and a bed.  Yeah, I'm one lucky guy.
	How'd I latch onto this arrangement?  Well, a few years ago I met Gina
when she was working behind a concession stand at a movie theater selling
popcorn.  We started talking and when I asked her out, she said yes.  I
figured I had impressed with my charm and good looks and personality.
Gina tells me she only said yes because I looked like I would be a good
fuck.
	Well, she found out fast.  When I went to her place to pick her up, it
was Cassie who answered the door.  She's a year younger than Gina andshe
had a body tthat could raise the dead.  I knew that immediately because
she answered the door wearing white bikini panties and a matching
see-through bra that looked too small for her.  But I didn't mind.
	"Gina!  It's for you!" she yelled, locking eyes with me.  Her fingers
combed through her curly black hair and she said, "You must be the guy
from the theater, right?"
	"Right."
	"I'm Cassie, Gina's sister.  C'mon in," she said, turning and walking
with a visciouws swing of her  dynamite ass.  Only a thin strip of white
was visible from between the cheeks.  "Have a seat," she said, plopping
onto the sofa with one leg crooked beneath her buns.  I had a perfect
view which she didn't try to hide and she didn't seem to mind showing.
	"She'll be right out.  She told me to 'entertain' you.  Is this
entertaining enough?"  With her redpolished fingernail she teasingly
circled the dark aureola that surrounded the nipple on her left breast.
	"I bet you want to fuck my sister, huh?" Cassie asked me as she
sppread her legs and let me ogle the wet spot on her panties.  Shit, what
was going on?  I haad a hard-on that wouldn't go away and that I couldn't
easily hide from Cassie's penetrating gaze.
	"I can tell Cassie kept you from getting bored," Gina said as she
walked into the room wearing a tight blue sweater and a short skirt.  I
stood and she hugged me and let her hand brush my fly and the bulge
there.
	"With her dressed like that, I guess you couldn't help but pay
attention."  Gina was very calm and matter-of-fact about it all.  Even
Cassie acted as if it were normal to greet her sister's dates wearing
only her underwear.  I  was the only one who seemed a little confused
and, yes, embarrassed.
	"Gina, I could have shown him my tits," Cassie said and freed her ripe
boobs right in front of me.  My eyes just about popped out.
	"Now you've gone and thrown down the gauntlet, Sis," Gina said as she
pulled her t-shirt over her head and revealed twin tanned orbs topped
with nipples that were like bullets.  Then Cassie whipped off her panties
and Gina's skirt and panties followed.  I'd been there less than 5
minutes and these two lovelies were both naked, having some sort of
competition.
	"Not fair," Cassie said.  "He's still got clothes on."  Together, Gina
and Cassie stripped me until I was as naked as they were.  Well, almost.
I was wearing a hard-on that brought big smiles to their faces.
	"Ooh, that looks yummy," Cassie said as she knelt in front of me.
	"No way," her sister said as she shoved her aside and knelt in the
floor.  Cassie stuck her tongue out at her sister, then crawled close to
us.  Gina wrapped her hand around my cock and stroked it a couple of
times, milking some pre-squirt out.  She smiled and licked it off.
	"Look, I don't want to sound like I'm  complaining, but what's going
on here?" I asked.  The girls looked at each other and laughed.
	"We're just two wild and crazy sisters who like to share men," Gina
said.  "Are you 'up' for that sort of action?"
	"He looks 'up' to me," Cassie said, licking her lips as she looked
hungrily at my meat.
	"Okay," I said.  "Let's go for it."  Actually, it was the sisters who
went for it, "it" being my stiff and drooling dick.  Their tongues shared
the job of wetting my cock and balls and it was Cassie who first took the
initial suck, and a long, exquisite suck it was.  Gina was busy sucking
my balls and I was just hoping that if I was dreaming, I wasn't going to
wake up anytime soon.
	I managed to talk them into going to the bedroom and they flipped a
coin (no shit!) to see which one would get to park her pussy on my mouth.
Gina won and climbed over me.  I watched as her black thatch with the
scarlet gash lowered onto my mouth and eagerly awaiting tongue.  Her raw
flesh was hot and her juice was thick, spicy and scalding.
	Cassie's mouth engulfed my prick and for the next God-knows-how-long
(minutes, hours, days?) all my feeling and attention was in my cock and
in my tongue.  Gina's cunt kept  flooding my mouth with her tangy chowder
and I finally blasted my pent-up load into Cassie's sucking mouth.  When
Gina climbed off of me, she kissed her sister and I could see Cassie
passing my cum into her sister's mouth.  I watched as the kisses led to
stroking and exploring and finally the two of them started making love
with each other.
	By the time they came up for air, I was hard and ready.  I started
with Gina.  Her cunt was tight and her muscles worked on my cock the
entire time I fucked her.  Cassie wanted it doggie style so I grabbed
hold of her hips and slammed home.  I fucked her hard until I came.  I
managed to switch back to Gina's pussy and finished shooting inside her.
	Well, eventually we got married, legally just Gina and I, but Cassie
is my wife in every way Gina is.  We had a trio on our honeymoon that
can't be beaten.  You should see our honeymoon pictures!
=0C	Loving Sister-In-Law
	Even when my sister first introduced me to Mark, I thought he was a
dreamboat.  So handsome and smart and sweet.  When my sister got sick
last year, he was a rock,  staying by her side, almost making himself
sick.  When the doctors told Ellen that she couldn't have sex for at
least six months, Mark assured her it was okay with him.  But Ellen was
thinking of his needs.
	"Jamie, I've always known that you liked Mark," Ellen said to me in
her hospital room.  "And you'll never know how much I've appreciated you
cooking and cleaning for the kids and Mark the last few weeks."
	"Aw, Sis," I said.
	"Now, I know you've offered to stay and help me with housework for
awhile, but there's something else I'd like you to consider."  She
paused.
	"Would you consider taking over bedroom duties?" she asked.	"You mean
. . . ?"
	"Yes I do.  Mark is very virile and we've always had a very active sex
life and I know he must be very frustrated.  To have to go another six
months without sex would drive him crazy.  And I don't want to hire some
floozie."
	"I'll have to think about it awhile . . . okay, I'll do it.  Is he
really as big as you told me?"
	"Oh, yes, and he knows how to use it," Ellen said.
	That evening I had a long talk with Mark.  I'd secretly wanted him . .
. . well, not so secret, because I was always after my big sister to tell
me the intimate details just like she told me about guys when she'd come
home from dates.  I'd play with myself under the covers while she told me
how they'd feel her tits and try to get their stiff pricks into her
pussy.
	Mark was surprised at my openness and said that this gesture was just
like Ellen.  "Always thinking of others," he said.  I kissed him
goodnight and let my hand brush his crotch and then went to the spare
bedroom.  I had just about decided he wasn't going to come to me until I
heard a soft knock.
	"It's unlocked."  The door opened and Mark stood in silhouette in the
doorway, wearing only the 8-inch hard-on Ellen had raved about.  Soon I'd
get to personally know what it was like.  I switched on the bedside lamp
as Mark shut the door and turned to face me.
	"God, that looks wonderful!" I said.  Mark stepped to the bed and
raised the covers.  His prick jerked when he saw my naked body.
	"Beautiful" he returned the compliment as his gaze caressed my thighs
and breasts.  My breasts were smaller than my sisters, firm and pointed,
tipped with long, pink nipples.  Ellen had told me that Mark was a
tit-lover and had often fantasized about chewing on my boobies.  But I
had my own wants.
	I reached out and grabbed hold of Mark's prick.  "Let me," I said,
finishing the sentence by running my tongue around the smooth knob.  He
inhaled between clenched teeth as I let my lips close around his meat and
I sucked him into my mouth.  He was delicious, just like I knew he would.
	"Oh, Jamie," Mark whispered.  "I can't hold back.  I haven't had sex .
. . two weeks . . . oh, Christ!"  Mark's rusty load erupted from his
prick into my mouth.  It was salty and sweet and good and I wanted more.
Mark kept cumming as I held his butt and pulled him deep.  Even when he
was drained, his dick stayed hard.
	Mark went down on me thhen, something Ellen had said he did well.  She
was right again, of course, and he proceeded to eat me out like nobody
evver did before.  His tongue squirmed way up my hole and he knew just
whatt felt great to me.  He licked me to two goood cums before he stuck
his stiff joint in me.  Oh, wow, it felt great to finally have Mark's
dick in my pussy after hearing Ellen rave about it for years.  It was
bigger than any dick I'd ever had, and my sister had been right (again)
when she said he knew how to use it, because he made me cum twice more
before he shot off.  My ex-husband had never gotten me off while fucking.
	Ellen came home a few days later, and I stayed on, helping Ellen with
the housekeeping when I got home from work and with, shall we say, other
things?  In fact, it got to the point where Ellen would watch while Mark
nailed me.  They asked me to move in permanently.  Of course I did.
Wouldn't you?







	Friendly Tease
	My name is Giorgina.  I'm in my early forties and, yes, I'm Italian.
I even married a fiery Italian stud when I was 20 and he was 18.  Carlo
was my first cousin, but, God, could he ever fuck.  We divorced last
year, though, and I was used to hot action, so I went on the prowl to
find young men with big dicks, lots of hot cum and plenty of staying
power.
	I'm not bragging when I say I'm good looking.  I have long, black
hair, a trim, full-bosomed figure with legs better that most
twenty-year-olds have.  I was always attracting stares because I always
wore short skirts to show plenty of thigh.  Even when I was married, I
loved to tease men, and now that I was divorced, I could no more than
tease.  I could seduce.  I wanted every big, juicy, manly young cock I
could get in my mouth or in my ass.
	Oh, did I forget to mention how much I adore getting fucked in the
ass?  Well, I do.  My ex was a wonder when it came to sex and I was
addicted to getting dicked in the ass by Carlo by the time we walked to
the altar.  (I had a fresh load of his cum in my ass at the time, but
that's another story,, and I don't want to talk about the bastard.)
	Anyway, I am a freelance editor/writer and I'm often in touch with
writers, young male writers who look at me and, I can tell, want me
sexually.  I always wear tight blouses and short skirts which elicits
those hungry stares, but I am a professional and with me I make sure
we're through with business before I flirt.
	Like last week, Steve was in my office.  He's 32, not unattractive,
and had been asking me out for months, but I told him I didn't date
clients.  But I never said anything about fucking them.  I was wearing a
favorite outfit, a tight, white blouse with  a short grey skirt,
stockings, heels, and of course, no panties.
	"Well, Steve," I said to end the business.  "Try to have the second
draft ready in a month."  I uncrossed my legs, leaving them open to his
eyes.  I knew he couldn't see all the way up, but it was a start.
	"Steve, I know you've been wanting to get into my panties for months.
Right?  Well, I've got news for you:  I don't wear panties.  See?"  I
stood and pulled my skirt all the way up.  His eyes bulged and he
swallowed hard, unable to believe what was happening.
	"Do you enjoy looking at my legs, Steve?  Hmm, that roll in your pants
says you do.  Or is that a response to my cunt?  Here.  I reached down
and stuck my finger into my cunt and pulled it out wet.  "Taste me."  I
offered my juice-covered finger to him and his tongue slowly licked it
before he sucked it between his lips.  My other hand reached down to
fondle his jewels.
	"Hmm, nice.  Do you want to fuck me with this?"  His hips jerked and
he moaned around my finger.  Suddenly I pulled away from him.  "I'd
rather you put it right here."  I turned around, leaned over my desk and
waved my backside at him, pointing to my itchy pucker.  "Do you like my
butt, Steve?  It's yours if you want it.  I want you to stick your prick
in my ass and fuck the  shit out of me.  I need a good ass fuck right now
and you're just the one who can give it to me."
	In a second his pants were down, he spit on his palm and stroked his
cock, then started working it inside my backdoor.
	"Gonna give you the assfuck of your life, Giorgina," Steve said in a
raspy voice.  "I've dreamed about your legs and tits and this fine ass.
Oh, yeah!  God-damn!  Nice 'n' tight."  He held onto my hips and was none
too gentle as he slammed that prick of his into my asshole. In about six
thrusts, his balls were swinging against my cuntlips and his belly was
slapping my buns.
	"Fuck it, Steve!" I urged him.  "Ooh, that dick feels good in my ass.
=46uck!"  He really needed no encouragement to give me a good ass =
fucking.
His prick felt oh so good inside my asshole, stretching me enough to feel
full and good, not at all uncomfortable and painful.
	When he blasted his thick load in my ass, I felt every hot drop cling
to the walls of my colon.  He cleaned up in my lavatory and was on his
way.  But I was still horny.  My next appointment was with Dean, a writer
who was recovering from an accident and was using a wheelchair.  Even
soft, the outline of his dick in his jeans was obvious and after we got
business out of the way, I got up, walked around my desk and sat on it
right in front of him.
	"Dean, I hope you take this personally, but I want to suck that big
cock of yours."  He didn't act shocked, but he just seemed to go with the
flow.  He unfastened his jeans and told me to go for it and by the time
I'd fished "it" out, I was staring at a solid nine inches of delight.  It
might have hurt to take it up the ass, even then with Steve's nut oil
inside, but since I love to suck honker pricks, this was and ideal main
course.
	I knelt in front of Dean's chair and worked his jeans down his legs so
I could get to his balls as well as that big cock that looked so
delicious.  The manly, musky aroma that rose from his crotch made my
mouth water and my tongue slapped the smooth head on top of that cock.
It tasted as good as it smelled.
	I had to suck his balls.  His sac was wrinkled and the curly hairs
tickled my nose when I licked the hot flesh and sucked each testicle
between my lips.  I loved sucking and mouthing his balls and my cunt was
juicing like crazy and I felt myself begin to sweat so I stood up and
quickly and climbed out of my skirt and blouse, but I left my heels and
stockings on.  Men are turned on when they see a tall, sexy Italian with
black hair in stockings, and Dean was no exception.
	He removed the armrests from the chair and told me to sit on his cock.
"Ever fuck in a wheelchair?" he asked.  As much as I wanted to suck cock,
the idea of having that pole probe my puussy sure sat well with me.
Besides, I could suck him later.
	It was easy to straddle him and settle down on his lap.  Byy the time
that cock was all the way in, Dean was sucking my tits and I had my arms
around his neck.  Suddenly, he unlocked the wheels and began rolling
around the office.  I bounce up and down on his cock and felt like I was
at a rodeo riding a fucking bronco.
	"Yah-hoo!" I shouted.  "What a ride!"  I controlled the speed and the
power of our fuck and rode Dean's prick like a wild woman, until I felt
myself getting close to an orgasm.  Dean locked the wheels and thrust
upwards, sending his thick cum squirting into me.  My cunt spasmed around
his spitting cock and I came, gasping and sobbing against his neck as my
body jerked uncontrollably.
	"Can you be here in the morning at ten?" I asked as we straightened
up.  When I dismounted, globs of oyster-like cum ran from my cunt and
clung to his shrinking cock.  Some cum-hungry slut in the room bent down,
lapped it up and smacked her lips.
	"If so, I hope you'll give me some of your cream to go with my
coffee."  He was there at ten o' clock.  With plenty of thick, rich
cream.

	Naughty Neighbor
	I have to admit that I'm a voyeur.  My therapist told me I should
write everything down and then burn it, but I'm just too naughty to do
that, so I'm picking out some of the better stuff and sending it to your
little magazine.
	I discovered my next door neighbor's playroom one night while looking
for my cat.  I crawled behind a thick shrub by George and Kari's house
when a sliver of light caught my attention.  Bending down, I found a
small window that was covered from the inside except where a corner of
the black cloth had fallen down.  I looked through the window and
couldn't believe what I saw.
	I first saw Kari, 36, tall with light brown hair, wearing a black
leather jump suit with cutout ares that exposed her ample breasts and
lush hairy bush.  She held a large feather of some sort in her right hand
and I could hear hear verbally chastising someone.  I moved a bit and
could see George handcuffed to the wall of the room.  He was totally
naked, his prick was quite stiff and his entire pubic region was shaved
bare.  He also had on bright red lipstick and thick eye makeup.
	Kari was running the feather over his body, concentrating on sensitive
areas like the inside of his thighs, under his arms and down his sides.
I could not hear anything they were saying, but at times Kari appeared to
be berating him or chastising him as well as speaking calmly and
teasingly to her husband.
	When he came, he shot his hefty load into her hands and she rubbed it
over his face, smearing the makeup, and then George licked her hands.
	On the other side of my house is Jenny.  She was married to a soldier
in 1972 and he died in '73.  I guess she hasn't married because she still
gets money from the government.  But being a widow sure doesn't get in
the way of her social life.  One hot night I watched through an open
window as she took one three young men in the neighborhood who were
headed for college in the fall.  John and Sam had mowed our lawns for
years and Pete was a black football player who'd gotten a scholarship.
	I saw her settling her pussy onto John's fat cock, then she instructed
Sam to put his long, slender prick into her asshole.  Pete stood by
stroking his ebony meat, and Jenny told him to turn around and bend over.
She grabbed his muscled butt, spread his cheeks, and pushed her face deep
between the buns.
	"Oh, shit, Baby, yeah!  Lick my asshole!" he shouted.  "I've always
dreamed of having a white chick suck my ass!  While Jenny mined the dark
tunnel, Sam and John had established a nice fucking rhythm.  Jenny
abruptly turned Pete around and sucked in his uncircumcised cock.  The
four of them rocked and fucked and humped and sweated until they all came
at the same time.  Pete grabbed Jenny's hair and sank his dick into her
throat and told her to. "Drink it, Bitch!"
	John and Sam flooded her pussy and ass and when the cocks pulled out,
she scooped up the stuff and licked it off her hand.  Jenny's always
doing wild stuff.  I guess she's tried about everything when it come to
sex.  She and I even do some lez stuff now and then.
	Then there's old man Tibbetts down the street.  He's a retired widower
in his sixties.  I've peeked on him and watched him jack off while he
looked at magazines and her had a rubber butt plug in his ass.  Sometimes
he gets a hooker who dresses like a cheerleader and makes him put on a
bra and stockings, then ties his hands to the headboard and straps on an
ungodly huge wang.  She lifts his legs and fucks his asshole silly for
twenty minutes or so.  He must like that action pretty well because he
comes without the girl touching his dick.  I would not mind doing
something kinky like that, like maybe sitting on his face and peeing in
his mouth.  And it would just add to my enjoyment to know he was going to
pay me $150 like he pays those girls.
	I don't limit myself to the neighborhood, though.  I know this place
in the woods where people go to screw.  Wow!  I once watched a man about
60 get his cock sucked.  Even though it looked wrinked and small at
first, it quickly swelled tto an impressive size.  Oh, I forgot to tell
you, it was evidently his granddaughter who was cleaning his pipe, At
least, from the conversation I heard, I'm pretty sure it was his
granddaughter.  She wanted him to fuck her, but he promised to do it next
time.
	I've seen several girls, guys too, lose their virginity there.  Once I
saw a black guy show up with a slutty looking white girl and he hauled
out his stiff pussy-pleaser that looked delecious.  He fucked her for a
minute then fucked her virgin asshole.  I have a good vantage point
behind a rock outcropping and a big fallen tree.  The people come to this
small clearing surrounded, mostly, by brush and bushes.  There's one
couple who come ther alot.  They're married to each other and that
clearing has romantic significance for them.  I think that's were they
had their first fuck.
	When I go visit friends I always try to peek at them having sex,
either by looking through keyholes or by sneaking outside and looking
through windows.  I don't have to sneak around when I'm at my sister's
house, though.  Pam and Mike make videotapes of themselves, and I found
where they hide them.  I just pop one in the VCR and watch Mike split my
sister's pussy with his nice, stiff cock.  I don't think they know that
I've seen the tapes, but Pam knows I like to watch so I don't think she'd
mind.
	I love watching people having sex and I will send more reports to you.


	Sneaky Sis
	Know what my sister did?  She sucked my dick, that's what.  And
because she did, it may have saved her life.  Here's what happened.
	I'm 23, good looking, but shy.  Donna, my older sister, called me up
and said that her apartment was being painted and she wanted to stay at
my place overnight.  Naturally, I said okay.  Donna is 27, divorced, very
pretty but she says she doesn't want to get romantically involved with
anyone just now.  She brought a pizza over and we ate and had some beers
then I went to take a shower.  I stepped out of the shower  and there was
Donna, sitting on the toilet, pissing.  I could plainly see the dark
thatch of hair between her legs and it sure looked good to me.
	"Sorry, Ted, but I just had to take a pee.  You know how I am with
beer."  She grinned and said, "Why you devil!  What are you thinking
about?"
	That's when I realized that she was looking at my dick and I was
getting a hard-on!  I tried to cover myself with my towel, but Donna
grabbed the towel, tossed it to the floor and grabbed hold of my dick.
	"Ooh, nice," she said as she felt my balls and stoked me.  I tried to
pull away, but I'll admit I didn't try very hard.  It did feel good to
have her hands on my jewels.  "I can't call you my 'little' brother
anymore, can I?"  Man, Donna sure as hell knew how to pull a cock!  She
was giving me an A-1 handjob that was super and I wanted her to keep do
it.
	Suddenly, she leaned forward and sucked half my dick into her mouth.
I jerked away.  "Donna!  You're my sister!"
	"Don't be an idiot," Donna said.  "Incest isn't bad sex.  Bedsides,
we're not getting married.  Don't you like getting your cock sucked?"
	"Sure, but . . . but . . . ."  But what, I thought?  I couldn't think
of any reason not to let Donna suck my cock.  It felt good and that was
reason enough to let her go ahead.  She rolled my balls in her palm and
kept kissing my dick.
	"Okay?" she asked.
	"Yeah," I whispered.  Donna pulled me by my dick into the bedroom and
shimmied out of her clothes.  Her bush was hairy, all right, and she had
nice tits.  She told me to lie down on my stomach and she proceeded to
massage my back.  It really felt good, especially when she began rubbing
my ass.  She spread my legs and began licking my balls and even licking
my asshole.  She evidently liked doing it as much as I liked having it
done to me.  Before long, she was pushing her tongue deep into my chute
and I was moaning and probably could have shot off if she hadn't turned
me over and started to bob the knob again.
	Donna was watching my face as she sucked me, and she smiled around my
dick as she saw me about to shoot.  Her cheeks puffed out as I came and
she swallowed it down.  My sister sucked me dry and licked me clean and
kept me hard.
	"Ready for a fuck?" she asked me.  Of course, by then I was ready for
anything.  I mean, when you let your sister suck your dick, how can you
say no to a fuck?  I sure couldn't.  Donna got on all fours and I slipped
it in doggie style.  Her pussy was hot and wet and sucked my dick like a
mouth.
	Donna is a helluva good fuck, let me tell you.  Before I came, we
switched positions several times; she rode me, I got on top of her, and
we ended up on our sides, me fucking her from behind.  I filled her pussy
with what was left of my cum.
	I needee to go take a whizz and Donna said no.  "I want to driink your
piss, brother.  Is that a problem?  Up till an hour before, I had thought
piss freaks were nuts, same as motherfuckers and sisterfuckers and
asslickers, but after a little concentrating and relaxing, I let go a
flood of steaming pee right down my sister's throat.  She was a
piss-gulping, ass-sucking, cum-loving, brother-fucking slut but she was
my sister and I loved her because of it.
	Naturally, she got me hard again and said she wanted me to eat her
while she sucked me, so she plopped her hairy muff on my face while she
sucked on my tool.  I realized after a minute that I was eating my own
cream as well as hers, but what the hell, right?  The mixture tasted good
and I slurped and snorted like a pig eating slop.
	The next day was Tuesday so I called in to my office and said I was
sick and so did Donna,  We spent the day fucking and sucking and
sleeping.  Now here comes the weird part:  on a regular Tuesday, Donna
would get home to her apartment by 5:00.  Even that day the paint fumes
would have been gone from her place so she'd have gone home.  But she was
jerking me off and sucking my asshole at 5:04 when the quake rocked the
Bay area and shook the bed.  It was strong enough to shake us up, but
what really got to us was when we found out that Donna's apartment
building had fallen down.  If she'd been home, as she normally would have
been, well . . . .
	Donna's living with me now.  In our case, incest turned out to be a
lifesaver.


	Eating Aunt Betsy
	I was mowing my Aunt Betsy's lawn when I got the hard-on.  Aunt Betsy
is my Mom's youngest sister, a stone fox if ever there was one.  She's
27, has had three husbands (all rich) and is pretty well-off herself,
thanks to some fine settlements..  She pays me a good wage to mow her
grass because she believes in keeping it in the family.  Oh, does she
ever!
	Betsy was sunning herself by the pool when I was cutting her lawn.  I
was shirtless and wearing cutoffs.  She was nude and since I was family,
she didn't cover up when I walked over to tell her I was finished mowing,
but then, I didn't cover the fucking bulge my hard-on made in my shorts,
either.  Not that I wanted to hide my excitement from my fuck-fantasy
Aunt.  I had beaten the bishop for years over her, thinking how I wanted
to poke her pussy.
	I suppose Betsy was horny that particular day because it wasn't the
first time I'd ever been hard in front of her but it was the first time
she had ever mentioned it.
	"Bill, do you have something in your pocket?" she asked me.
	"No," I answered.  To satisfy her curiosity, she reached up and ran
her fingertips over the bulge, the well-manicured fingernails scraping
the area and giving me quite a start.
	"Now what on earth do you intend to do with this?" she asked, giving
it a firm squeeze.  She gave me a wicked, sexy smile and I just turned
red.  I thought she would try to do more, and I was hoping she would pull
it out, but she stopped and told me to rub some oil on her.
	She rolled onto her stomach and I squirted some stuff on her back.  By
the time I got to her firm butt, I was sweating bullets, not only from
the heat, but also because I was so damn horny.  Her tanned cheeks were a
perfect golden brown, firm and supple as I worked the oil into her skin.
Betsy moaned and spread her legs, revealing the swollen lips of her pussy
and the  pink rosette of her asshole. I kneaded her thighs and calves but
my eyes never left her pussy.
	Aunt Betsy rolled over onto her back.  Take your shorts off," she told
me.  Nobody questions a rich relative's orders, so I quickly got naked.
Betsy told me to stand behind the head of the chaise and oil her front
because she wanted to check out my family jewels.  I stood over her head,
my cock sticking out above her face as I reached down to rub oil on my
aunt's tits.  She, in turn, took hold of my dick and started rubbing.
Her nipples were stiff and her tits were soft yet firm.  I rubbed down
her torso as she rubbed my dick.
	"I'm . . . . " I started cumming before I could even tell her I was
cumming.  She pointed my dick so that all my cum squirted over her tits
and stomach.  She sure knew how to pull my dick off and squeeze my balls
to milk out my cum.  Betsy started rubbing my stuff into her skin like
lotion.  Then she spread her legs wide and looked at me.
	"My turn, now.  Get down and eat me," she told me.  I wasn't about to
tell her I hadn't done that before and that I'd never wanted to eat
pussy.  Like I said, rich relative.  Too, she'd just gotten me off.  So,
II went for it.
	Aunt Betsy's light brown muff hair was trimmed and sparse, a bikini
cut, even though she didn't wear a bikini.  I could plainly see the dewy
drops of cunt juice on her dark lips, and her big clit, long and thick,
jutted from the top of her slit.
	I held and lifted her legs and moved toward her slice.  The smell of
my aunt in heat made my tongue hard and it slipped between the spicy
folds of her cunt and was almost pulled inside, like a hand had grabbed
it.  My nose was rubbing against her clit and she started humping against
my face.  Seemed like she was cumming within seconds and she was holding
my head so I couldn't back off.  Hot, tarty pussy juice filled my mouth
and I realized pussy wasn't bad.
	"Well, what's this?"  I managed to look up to see Judy, a 22-year-old
I'd met before, standing beside Betsy watching the action.  Judy was as
naked as we were, more so because even her pussy was shaved bare.  Judy
is a knockout, too, with auburn hair and green eyes.
	She reached down and squeezed Betsy's left tit.  "Hmm, Judy,
Sweetheart, I was just so-o-o hot and you weren't here, so my nephew
helped me out."
	"Is he a could pussyeater?" Judy asked.
	"Not bad for a man, but nobody eats pussy as good as you!"  That's how
I found out that Judy and my Aunt Betsy were lovers.
	"Thanks, Betsy," Judy said, licking a stiff  nipple on my aunt's boob.
"Hmm, tastes like . . . " Judy licked her lips.
	"I jacked his spunk out," Betsy said.  "Taste good?  I'm not
surprised.  Good tasting cum runs in our family."
	Judy walked around behind me and reached for my newly-hard prick.
"Wanna fuck me?" she asked, although I suspect she already knew the
answer.  In a minute I was lying down and Judy's hairless twat was
sliding down my cock while Aunt Betsy sat her wet cunt on my face.  By
then I was not only used to the flavor, but I was eager to lap it up.  I
felt Judy tonguing my aunt's ass and sometimes dipping in for a taste of
cunt.
	Here I was fucking a woman I barely knew who was my aunt's lover while
I was eating my aunt's juicy split.  Who woulda thought?  Not me.  Judy
had a hot, tight cunt and she fucked really good. Even though sounds were
muffled, I could tell the two of them were kissing and probably feeling
each other's tits.  My nose burrowed into Betsy's butthole.  Judy and
Betsy both ran their fingers over my sweaty chest and stomach, and I
could feel them probing their pussies alongside my cock and my tongue.
	Judy climbed off before I came, leaving my dick swollen, red and wet.
Betsy got off my face and kissed Judy.  "Jack him off, Judy," Betsy told
her.  "He shoots off real nice."
	Judy knelt and started beating my meat.  Her grip wasn't as
experienced as Betsy, but Judy started licking at my cockhead and her
finger probed my asshole.  My aunt knelt beside her lover, fingering
Judy's twat, and watched my face.
	When I came, Judy oohed when I spurted and she licked up the splotches
of cum.
	"Well?" Aunt Betsy asked Judy, "should we keep him around?"
	"Do you think he'll be able to satisfy both of us?"
	"Judy, if you instruct him to eat pussy, all I want him to do is eat
me.  You can have his cock.  A young man shouldn't fuck his aunt."
	So now I'm on my aunt's staff as a gardner.  I take care of her bush,
fuck Judy and have a good time.


	Keeping It In The Family
	When I was in college, I lived with my aunt and uncle.  Their house
was in the college town and staying there was a hell of a lot cheaper
than staying in a dorm.  I got along well with my Aunt Ellen and Uncle
Bob, especially because they were more liberal about things than my
folks.  How much more liberal?  Well, let me tell you.
	I'd been staying with my aunt and uncle for two weeks when I told Aunt
Ellen I had to go get batteries for my vibrator.  She said that that
wouldn't be necessary, "if you don't mind engaging in some different
sexual practices."
	"If it feels good, I'll do it," I said.
	"Even if it involves some social taboos?" she asked.
	"Hmm, this sounds better and better!  Tell me more," I urged, sitting
down and crossing my legs with my balled fist tucked firmly against my
itching crotch.
	"Have you ever made it with a woman?" my Aunt asked.
	"A girlfriend and I felt each other up once, but that's as far as we
got.  I've always wondered what it would be like, though."
	"What about with an older woman?" Aunt Ellen asked.  She had sat down
beside me on the sofa and her knees touched mine.  She wore a dress and I
was wearing a t-shirt and shorts.  Aunt Ellen was staring at the way my
aroused nipples poked at my t-shirt.  "Say, a woman old enough to be your
aunt?"
	It happened so fast.  Aunt Ellen's hand was rubbing my thigh as soon
as I nodded and I uncrossed my legs to give her access to where I was
wet.  My eyes were closed when her lips pressed mine, but I pushed my
tongue into her sweet-tasting mouth as if it were the most natural thing
in the world.  She caressed my crotch and squeezed my breasts and touched
me as I'd never been touched before.  I was ready for anything.
	In Aunt Ellen's bed we were naked and she was going down on me and
thrilling me as no one eve had.  I humped my cunt against her face,
trying to drive her thick tongue deep into my vagina.  Soon, she
straddled my head, confronting me with her steaming trough, hot and wet
and anticipating some action.
	I didn't disappoint.
	Aunt Ellen squirmed on my face as I ate her out.  My first taste of
pussy was not like tasting the nectar of the gods.  Or was it?  The first
taste was sharp and tangy and sort of burned my tongue, you know?  But
there was an undertaste, a heady, sexy essence which quickly overpowered
the bitter quality.  In less time than it takes to write about, I could
only taste the sweetness of her and I avidly lapped the folds and walls
of her cunt.
	Aunt Ellen expertly latched onto my clit with her lips and teeth and
got me closer to a cum.  She also penetrated my sphincter with her
finger, and combined with what her tongue and lips were doing, well, I
came.  Hard.  And loud, too.
	As I lay on the bed, catching my breath, Aunt Ellen opened the drawer
of her bedside table and pulled out a long double-dong.  I'd seen
pictures of them, but never for real.  It was 18 inches long and
flesh-colored and the ends were shaped like cocks.
	"Would you like your aunt to fuck you with this?" Aunt Ellen asked.  I
nodded.  How could I not?  Aunt Ellen parted my wet lips and began
pushing the dong inside.
	"Such a pretty pussy you have," she cooed.  "Sweet, pink, tight, ooh,
wet, pretty pussy.  Hmm, tastes so good.  I want to fuck you so much."
The dildo went into me at least five inches and Aunt Ellen turned around.
She scissored her legs open and pushed the other end of the dong into her
snatch.  She grabbed my hip and I grabbed hers and we pulled, pushing the
latex cock deeper into our cunts until our pussies touched.  I was as
full of cock as I'd ever been and my clit was throbbing against my aunt's
wet flesh.
	Oh, fuck!" I yelled.  "I love fucking with you, Aunt Ellen!"
I could tell that she was cumming and I soon followed, our combined
juices making a big wet spot on the bed.  We napped there, linked by the
long wonder wang and Aunt Ellen woke me with a fuck.
	Of course, she informed my uncle of how we spent the day and, since
she had already asked me about having sex with my uncle (I said, "Yes,"
of course) and Uncle Bob undressed along with my aunt and me for an
after-dinner romp.  My uncle had a fat, uncircumcised cock which my aunt
sucked and fucked while I watched.
	After he came, my aunt and I sucked each other while he recovered and
watched.  Then I sucked him until his cock was hard and ready to fuck his
niece's hungry cunt and spew his seed.  And he did, too.


	Leather Love
	My darling wife, Janice, is a petite brunette with olive skin, small
breasts and fantastic legs.  She gets stares from men and women alike
when we go out because she is a beautiful, classy lady.  We have much in
common:  we are both 33, we like the same music (classical), Italian
food, leather clothing and ass fucking.  As to that last item, she likes
getting fucked in her small, well-formed ass as much as I enjoy fucking
her.
	We have a complete wardrobe of custom-made leatherwear we've collected
over the years.  Expensive, too, I might add.  Janice often prepares
dinner while wearing a skintight maid's outfit , fishnet stockings and
high heels.  I am either dressed in a leather jumpsuit or, when we're in
the mood, I wear only a pair of tightt leather pants which has a special
sheath into which I slip my prick, and it's tied.  One would definitely
not wear them in public, but they're great to enjoy privately.  Janice so
enjoys tugging on my bound prick, watching the bindings strain as my
hard-on struggles to burst free.
	After we dine, and Janice has me sweating from staring at her legs,
she puts on some other erotic apparel or, if she wants it then, she comes
to me and turns her back to me.  Under the tight leather dress is an even
tighter pair of red panties with a hole cut out in the crevice between
her cheeks.  My tongue seeks and finds the puckered pore that is there.
	"O-oh, yes, you nasty man," Janice says as she squirms her butt on my
tongue, "suck my asshole!  II want to feel that tongue lick my tonsils!"
My tongue isn't that long, of course, but I do manage to extend it
several inches up her bunghole, far enough to tickle her fancy, if not
her tonsils.
	We head to the bedroom where it's Janice's turn to ream my asshole
with her pink oral probe.  I lie on my back, still wearing the leather
pants, and Janice unsnaps the flap that covers my ass.  My buns are very
hairy and Janice licks at the exposed cheeks before she burrows her
tongue between them, watching my face as she pleasures my asshole.  She
also holds tight to my leather-encased cock and tortures me deliciously
by squeezing it.
	"I . . . want . . . this . . . cock," she says in between darting her
tongue inside me.  "I . . . want it . . . in my asshole . . . my . . .
tiny . . . tight . . . ass."  I am more than eager to do just that.  She
unbinds my restrained rod and a small surge of pre-squirt, no longer
contained inside my purplish cock, gushes out of the slit.  Janice
spreads the oily lube over my cock.
	The she crouches on all fours, wagging her bum, wanting the dick in
her dark passage.  I comply.  I always am thrilled and amazed to watch my
prick disappear into that tiny hole and into her small body, but it does,
quite easily.  I have even watched her insert huge dildoes, ten inches
long and as thick as her fist up that passage and still swear she could
take bigger.  (I videotaped it for posterity.)
	Soon, leather meets leather as mt thighs meet her buns.  "Fuck it,
fuck, fuck, fuck!"  Janice loves to say the word all most as much as she
loves the very act.
	"I love fucking your ass, baby," I tell her as I pound away, driving
my cock into her chute.  When I finally pop off inside her, she squeals
like a stuck pig and her talented sphincter milks out every drop of my
cum.
	Janice wears leathers whenever we go out, too.  A woman can get away
with it far more easily than a man.  She has a lace-trimmed black coset
she wears with a long black satin skirt that is stunning in even formal
situations.  You might be surprised at the number of men (and women!) who
are aroused by leather.


	Loving Sisters
	Lynn is my older sister (that's not her real name, by the way.)  We
share an apartment in this small town and no one thinks anything about
it.  Lynn is divorced and I've had several soured relationships with men
in my 24 years, and we have always been close, so it was natural for us
to share an apartment.  We both work; I work as a store in the mall, Lynn
is a medical receptionist.
	One evening we got to talking and Lynn was going on about what an
asshole her ex-husband had been.  We were drinking wine, so her tongue
was a bit looser than usual.
	"The only thing I miss about him is his prick," Lynn said.  "Frank's a
selfish jerk, but he had a big cock and he sure knew how to use it.
Damn, I'm horny!"  She rubbed the crotch of her jeans.    "A few years
ago, when I was horny, I'd jump in the car and pick up some stud in a
bar.  But with all these diseases going around, no way.  Shit, one of the
reasons I got married was to have a safe fucker when I wanted it."
	"Why not do like me?" I asked.  "There are plenty of artificial cocks
you can buy."
	"You mean a vibrator?  Sorry, they never did it for me.  I'd probably
need a heavy-duty, industrial strength vibrator, or maybe some special
attachment for the carpet cleaner."
	"No, no, no," I said.  "Something like Roger."
	"Who is Roger?" Lynn asked.  I smiled, got up from the chair and went
to my bedroom.  I returned in less than a minute.
	"Lynn, meet Roger Rammer."  I held out my foot-long, hard latex,
flesh-colored dildo.   Her eyes got as big as saucers and she started
laughing as she reached for Roger.
	"My god, Nancy, do you actually use this or just stare at it?  It's
huge!"
	"All the better to get screwed with," I said.
	"You're kidding?  This big thing?  How much?" Lynn was flushed red,
both embarrassed and aroused.
	"When I'm really hot, all of it.  I hold it by the balls and fuck
myself silly.  I thought you said Frank had a big one?"
	"Next to Roger, here, Frank's eight-inch cock was wimpy."
	"Want to borrow this?" I asked.
	"I need a fuck, but that looks kinda scary."
	"Come on, scardey cat," I said as I pulled her up.  "I guess it's up
to me to see that you get fucked."  She went with me to my bedroom,
stripped and laid on the bed while I got a tube of lubricant and greased
Roger.
	"Spread wide, Lynn," I told her.  "Hold those lips open."  I rubbed
Roger's big knob up and down her slit.  "Your clit's as big as mine, you
know that?" I commented.  "Must run in the family.  Vickie's got a big
buzzer,  too."
	"How would you know?" Lynn asked.
	I had never told Lynn, or anyone for that matter, but our cousin
Vickie had introduced me to some delightful woman-to-woman thrills some
years back.  In fact, while I had never had an orgasm with a man, Vickie
had shown me that she could make me cum with her tongue, her fingers, a
dildo, and once she got me off just by rubbing her stiff nipple up and
down my slice and around my clit.
	I told all this to Lynn even as I inserted Roger into her cunny.
Hearing the juicy details seemed to make Lynn very hot and moist and her
cunny just opened up to Roger.  Lynn moaned the entire time but she still
soaked up every word of my Sapphic story.  I timed it just right,
finishing my narrative when Roger was  completely hidden in my sister's
tunnel.
	"Oh my god, I don't believe it!" she yelled.  "Oh, oh, I think . . .
god, Nan, I'm cumming!  Oh . . . oh . . . ."  She came, all right.  I
mean gooey sauce seemed to gush from her cunny, pouring from around Roger
as I fucked my sister.  It smelled absolutely fantastic and I couldn't
resist the urge to lick some of the stuff off my fingers.
	"Oh, god, my sister's licking my cum!" She said when she saw me.
"Shit, I'm gonna come . . . again!"  This time I pulled Roger from his
burrow and replaced it with my open mouth and eager tongue.  Deep into
her spritzing cunny I probed, anxious to taste my sister's cream fresh at
its source, hot and tangy and good.  Maybe eating another woman is a
no-no to some, especially your own sister.  But call it decadent or
degenerate or depraved but I thought it was delicious and delightful.
	I certainly liked eating her tart and sweet stuff and she liked it as
well, because she held my head, keeping my mouth on her sex, as if she
thought I'd stop.  Not a chance.
	Until she begged me to quit.  After fifteen minutes of climax after
climax, Lynn was out of breath and "Orgasmed out."
	"Stop . . . oh, god, Nan, stop.  Please."
	I sat up, feeling the thick coat of cunny cream on my face.  While I
had been eating Lynn, I'd managed to get out of my clothes, so I was
naked and burning.  I put Roger Rammer just where I need it  most.  Lynn
offered to help, and, to make a long story short, I taught my big sister
the joys of lesbian love.  Now we share our bodies as well as an
apartment.


(C) 1997 Studs Manly  [Messages of congratulations may be sent to me via
                       Mr. Double.]

                        Kathy And Her Daughters
                               by Jim
	I'm not going to spend time explaining how this situation came about.
I'm 30 years old, single, and supplement my paycheck by writing erotica.
Porn.  Jerk off ales.  My regular job as an English teacher at a private
school pays okay, but the extra money is nice.  Besides, since the school
is one of those strict, religious institutions, the writing lets me at
least put my fantasies onto paper.
	No one at the school knows of my extra-curricular hobby.  Except
Kathy, a 35-year old divorcee who works as a secretary there.  We got
friendly and dated when we discovered that neither of us shared the
fundamentalist mentality of the rest of the faculty and staff.  Kathy is
a sexual demon, a 5'2" bundle of libidinous heat who loves anything
sexual.  I'm 6'2" and my cock is 9 inches long and a thick 7 inches
around, a feature Kathy adores and can't get enough of.
	Kathy has two daughters, 16-year-old Kim and 14-year-old Kelly.  I
quickly learned about how the old adage "like mother, like daughters"
worked he first time I spent the night at Kathy's.   I had ridden with
her so my car wouldn't be parked in front of her house (in case some
school board member noticed.  She had put the girls to bed and we were
(ostensibly) watching  tv.  Kathy soon had my pants down and was giving
me a superb blowjob when I heard Kim's voice.
	"Wow, mom, it _is_ big!" =20
	I was surprised, of course, but not Kathy.  She let my knob pop out of
her mouth and gripped the base tightly so I wouldn't get soft. . =20
	"I told you, hon.  Jim has quite a cock."  Kim stepped close.  Wearing
a white teddy, her shoulder-length blonde hair and blue eyes were the
suff of wet dreams.  Already 5'5" tall, she was a cheerleader, a straight
A student, and, to my surprise, a confidant of her mother's sex life.
	Kim studied my cock intently.  Then those irresistible baby blues
locked on my eyes.  "Can I suck it, too?"
	My cock jerked and throbbed, a dollop of pre-cum oozing from my slit.
Kathy smiled as my response vibrated in her hand.  She looked at me and
smiled.  "Give her a taste, Jim.  You know you want her to do it.  Don't
worry, you aren't the first."  She tilted my pulsing prick toward her
daughter and Kim smiled as I nodded, stepped forward and wrapped her
fingers around me.  Well. Almost.
	"Gosh, my fingers don't even reach!"  Her eyes widened as she saw the
pre-cum leaking from my cock and she licked her full lips.  I groaned as
she lowered her head and her pink tongue lapped my cockhead.  Kathy
kissed me as her daughter sucked my knob.   Working together, Kathy and I
got her clothes off.  Her pussy was drenched with excitement. =20
	As though rehearsed, Kathy straddled me and helped guide my bone into
her mother's tight, hot quim.  Kim boldly aimed my cock at Kathy's
descending pussy, her other hand lightly touching her mother's wispy
pubic hair.  She held her breath as she watched and felt my cock slowly
enter her mother's petite body.  Kathy's tightness and the attention from
Kim had me coming quickly.  Kim caressed and fondled my balls, speeding
the launching of my cum into Kathy's pussy.
	Kim smiled at me as I shook through my orgasmic spasms. When Kathy
eased off my prick, Kim grabbed it and greedily popped the slimy stalk
into her mouth, lapping my oozing cum and the mix of sex juices coating
it.  Kathy lay beside me, legs spread, and told Kim to "have dessert.
Talk about a night of surprises!  Kim quickly dove between her mother's
splayed thighs and ate the cum I'd deposited.=20
	As though reading my thoughts, Kathy started answering my unspoken
questions.
	"I always said I was close to my daughters.  Kim and I have been dong
each other for about five years now.  Hmm, right there, Kim.  Tastes
good, doesn't it?  I've had the pleasure of sucking fresh spunk from her
right after some young dude fucked her.  Now she is getting to eat your
cum from me."
	No, she hadn't gotten together with Kim's lovers.  "Young guys might
have stamina but they talk too much,: Kathy said, her hand stroking Kim's
hair as the blonde noisily slurped from her mother's quim.  "You're
open-minded, so I figured you'd enjoy the chance for some incestuous
indulgences.  Am I right?"  My hard-on was answer enough.  Kathy was
slowly stroking it, though it would have been steely without her
ministrations.
	"Kim, honey, let Jim see your body," Kathy said.  Kim quickly stood,
her smile ringed with the sheen of cunt cream and more.  In a snap, she
whisked her teddy over her head and stood there naked, her nubile, taut
16-year-old body the stuff wet dreams are made of. .  Her breasts were a
full 36-C with pink nipples.  Her wet bush was blonde and bedewed with
her own wetness.
	"Jim, you want to fuck her, don't you?" Kathy teasingly asked.  As if
she didn't have a clue.  I think my cock was longer and thicker than ever
as it throbbed so close to Kim.  "Kim, do you want t his monster inside
that little kitty of yours?'  Kim nodded.  "Ask him."
	"Jim, would you fuck me?  Please?"  Imagine a stunning girl asking you
to fuck her.  Even as her own mother fondles your balls and lets her
finger lightly tease your asshole.  "I've always wanted to be fucked by a
big cock.  Mom says it feels wonderful." =20
	Of course I said yes.  We headed to Kathy's bedroom, Kim's hand firmly
clasping my rigid hard-on.  I saw Kathy crack open the door to Kelly's
bedroom, making sure she was sound asleep.
	Or so I thought.
	I quickly doffed my shirt and got in the middle of Kathy's bed.  Kim
scrambled over and giggled as she held my cock, squeezing and licking
pre-cum from the tip.  Kathy joined us and Kim held my shaft as her
mother licked my knob then opened her mouth to let me in.  She relaxed
her throat and shifted a bit to let my cock slide deep.
	"I wish I could do that," Kim sighed.
	"I already can."  I looked to see Kelly, naked in the doorway, her
hand rubbing her dark-haired pussy. =20
	"Show us, Kelly," said Kathy, after letting my cock slide from her
mouth.  The younger girl grasped my cock with both hands, opened her
mouth, and lowered her head, slipping my knob between her lips.  There
was a pause, a shift of her body, a slight gag, then my cock slowly
disappeared into her mouth.
	"Oh god," was all I could say as the three beauties seemed to hover,
their naked bodies within easy reach. I saw Kathy fingering Kelly's pussy
and Kim rubbed one of her sister's small tits while she fingered her own
slit. Kelly's lips mashed my pubic hair and I could feel her throat
tighten and relax around my cock.  Her fingernails raked along my thighs
and I felt truly blessed"Kelly, I want to fuck him, so don't suck him
off," Kim cautioned.
	"I know you love cum, Kelly, but let Jim fuck Kim and you'll get to
suck it out of her," Kathy told her daughter, lightly touching her chin
to encourage her to back off.  My cock glistened with her saliva as she
let my shaft again stand as the centerpiece.
	Kathy and Kelly held my shaft as Kim straddled me.  Her pink labia
parted as welcomed my spit-slick cock inside.  Kelly giggled and Kim let
her breath his between her teeth as my thick flesh slowly impaled her
slick core.
	"Ooh, this-s-s is s-s-o good!" she groaned. =20
	"Have you got room for it?" Kelly asked.
	"Well, if Mom can fuck it, so can I," Kim snapped, grimacing  a bit as
the widest part of my shaft entered her tight hole.  Down she slid, and I
was mesmerized as I watched, trying to keep control of my desire to hurry
her descent so I could unload.  I grunted and almost lost it when my
swollen knob snapped inside the entrance to her cervix. =20
	"Play with his balls, Kelly," Kathy said, taking my hand and putting
it between he legs so I could finger her dripping pussy.  I dipped three
fingers into Kathy, then pulled them out so I could lick off her hot oil.
My nostrils flared and my mouth watered as I licked my fingers clean =20
	 Want some of mine?" Kelly asked, crawling beside me and putting my
left hand in her crotch.
	"Careful; she's still a virgin," Kathy said, as I slipped a finger
inside her daughter.  My right hand went back to Kathy's cooze, cupping
her wetness as I again slipped three fingers inside.  There I was, one
daughter sitting astride me, nine inches of cock buried inside her, the
youngest daughter giggling as I fingered her and my right hand working
the mother's quim..  I wish I had a photo of that memorable moment.  I
brought my left hand to my face to taste that virginal cream that coated
my index finger.
	"Hmm-mmm," I mumbled as the flavor of her saturated my mouth.
	"Look, Mom, he's in all the way," Kim said, her fingers combing our
meshed pubic hair, her blonde curls entwined with my brown hair. =20
	"Wonderful, isn't it?" Kathy asked, rubbing her open hand on Kim's
lower belly, as if she might feel my shaft throbbing in her daughter.
Kim slowly lifted her body, my oil-slickened cock slowly reappearing from
the cozy haven between her strong thighs.
	"Wow!" Kelly gasped as she watched.  I again dipped my finger into
her, then brought her juice and Kathy's to my lips, lapping from the
fingers of both hands.  As Kim again descended, I motioned for her to
kiss me and she leaned forward to taste the sweet cunt cream mix on my
lips and tongue.  We were joined by the others in an incestuous entwining
of tongues. =09
	That was all, I couldn't hold it any more.  I grabbed Kim's hips,
slammed her down and held her still while my buried cock spit it's sticky
load into her womb.  I could feel her spasm as she, too, reached the
peak. =20
	"Cum, baby, cum," Kathy encouraged to both of us.  She loved seeing
her daughter in the throes of a climax and she loved watching my cock
giving her daughter a deep fucking, just as I regularly gave her.  Even
though I had already cum once, I filled Kim's pussy with my spunk, so
much so that it was forced out and would have soaked our pubes and run
down my ass except for Kathy's fingers scooping the stuff and giving some
to Kim, some to me and some for herself to savor.  Kelly's tongue lapped
hungrily at my balls getting every drop of the runoff. =20
	A minute later, Kelly was noisily sucking my cream from her sister's
well-fucked pussy.  Kathy had grabbed my softening cock and was devouring
it and I had pulled he astride my head so I could nibble her clit and
taste her excitement.

	Of course there was more to follow.  I woke up to Kelly's sweet mouth
sucking me.   I fed her a hot breakfast of Cream of Meat.  I watched
Kathy strap on a dildo and fuck Kim, then, while Kathy rode me, Kim used
the strap-on to bugger ger mother's ass. =20
	Kathy and I are getting married in June.  We're honeymooning with the
girls.  People assume it's because I'm being fatherly.  Well . . . Kathy
says a man should have a virgin on his honeymoon, so I'm going to take
Kelly's maidenhead.  I'm also going to try to fuck Kim's young ass.  I've
fucked Kathy's ass after we worked out our wedding plans, but she's going
to take my anal cherry after the wedding.  I'm looking forward to being a
family man.

--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
