
		      TALE OF A BORED HOUSEWIFE
			    CHAPTER I  (PT 5)
			      by Veronica


     The next week I had a call from Gloria.  "You will be at my house
tonite at 7:30 or Tom will see the little display of your art photos."
Naturally I was scared silly but I knew I had to be there.  I considered
what I should wear...I knew that I couldn't get away with the jeans
trick again but I also knew that the clothes Gloria wanted me in were
not the ones I wanted to wear out in public.  I solved the problem
by dressing very conservatively but carrying a bag containing the skin
tight sweater, suntan pantyhose and a very short skirt.

     On the way to Gloria's house, I changed into my "slut" outfit.  The
sweater was so tight that it molded to my breasts like a second skin.  My
dark nipples were visible through the white fabric and I noticed that they
were hard as little pebbles.  The skirt was at least eight inches above
my knees and I knew that when I sat down, there was no way to hide
my ass and crotch.  The pantyhose were sheer to the waist and when I
looked down I could clearly see my dark pubic hair through them.  I sat
in my car for a moment and visualized all the sexually degrading things
Gloria and her friends had done to me. I suddenly realized that
not only were my nipples hard, but my vagina was wet and throbbing.

When I reached Gloria's I parked my car and entered through the back
door.  I was immediately seized by both arms and a dark hood was placed
over my head.  My hands were tied behind my back and I was pushed into
another room.  "Don't scream and we won't have to gag you." Gloria
whispered in my ear.  I felt my self being stripped by many hands, first
my pantyhose, then the skirt, and lastly the skintight sweater.  I was
made to bend over and I realized that there was a table directly in front
of me.  My arms were stretched out in front of me and tied securely.
My legs were spread wide apart and tied to opposite legs of the
table.

"Jesus Christ, look at the bitch", I heard Gloria say, "vaginal fluid
is pouring out of her and its almost to her knees."  I realized that
she was right, I was turned on as I had never been.  My clitoris
felt as big as a golf ball and I had an empty ache in my vagina such as
I had never experienced before.  I hoped that Dave or one of the other
guys would stick a hard cock into me at once.

     I could picture myself as I must have appeared to them.  Tied
hand and foot to the table with my feet just reaching the floor, love
juice oozing from my vagina and glistening in the light, breasts
mashed against the table and my anus upturned for all to see.  Please
take me!  I realized that I have never been this sexually aroused
in my life.  Suddenly the hood was pulled off my head and I realized
I was looking at the reflection of a TV over my head in a mirror placed
directly in front of my eyes.  As I slowly adjusted to the picture
I was amazed to see that it was a video of my husband Tom in Gloria's
bedroom.  He was standing next to the bed and Mona had her arms
around him and was kissing him passionately.  Gradually his hands
caressed her tight buns and then started squeezing them hard.  The
next thing I saw was Tom pulling up her blouse and starting to suck
her nipples.  The scene immediately cut to one of Mona and Tom in
bed.  He was on his back with his feet toward the camera with one
of the finest erections I had ever seem on him.  Mona was on her
knees with her vagina poised just above the head of his throbbing
penis.  Gradually she lowered herself until he was just touching
her vaginal lips.

     As I watched Tom's penis begin it's slow penetration of Mona's
tight vagina, I realized that I felt a cock at my own pussy lips.
As Mona slowly lowered herself onto my husband, someone was penetrating
me!  Instantly my whole body went into spasms "OOOOOGGGGGGOOOODDDD"
"FFFFFUUUUUCCCCCKKKK MMMMMMEEEEEEE!!!!!" I screamed.  The cock in my
cunt was now pushing hard at my cervix, and I loved it.  Almost instantly,
I felt the first spurt of hot sperm flood my insides.  Again and again
my rapist spurted, and I couldn't get enough.  I clenched my legs
together as best I could because I knew the most gut wrenching orgasm
of my life was at hand.  NOW... NOW..., OH SHIT, PUT IT BACK, PLEASE PUT IT
BACK!!!  Just as I was about to come, I was empty.  My cunt muscles squeezed
hard but there was nothing there.  My clit was erect like a small penis and
demanded attention but I could do nothing. I pulled at the ropes, I cried,
I cursed, and I begged but my throbbing cunt was still empty.  I could
feel the flood of sperm dripping out and I tried to hold it in.

     Gradually I realized that Mona and Tom were still fucking right in
front of my face.  I say Mona's body convulse in spasm after spasm as
she fucked my husband.  I knew from the look on Tom's face that he was
getting ready to orgasm.  At that moment Mona pulled herself up until
his penis was throbbing in midair.  Imagine my suprise when Gloria
moved into the picture and 'deep throated' Tom's penis.  He went
crazy...I have never been able to do that for him because I always
choke.  Tom was thrusting his penis into Gloria's throat when he started
to orgasm.  I saw the muscles in her throat start to milk the sperm from
my husband's balls.  Again and again I saw him convulse as he shot
his load in Gloris's mouth.  Finally he collapsed in a quivering heap
and Mona moved into the picture.  She laid on the bed with her head between
Tom's legs and her face looking up into Gloria's.  Slowly Gloria opened her
lips and let Tom's load drip onto Mona's open lips and curling tongue.

     It was the most erotic thing I had ever seen and my inner muscles
were spasming with the sheer nastiness of what I had just witnessed.  I felt
the presence of someone behind me.  I felt the head of a huge cock slipping
back and forth over the edges of my grasping vaginal lips but it refused
to plunge inside.  The cock spread my flowing juices until I was wet
over the entire area between the top of my legs.  The pressure settled
on my anus and pushed.  "NOT IN THERE, YOU DIRTY COCK!!", I shrieked.
The pressure kept building against my tightly puckered entry.  I was in
a haze of confused desires.  Knowing that Tom had fucked Gloria was a
real turn-on, but I had never experienced anything but my doctor's finger
in my rectum.  Obviously the man behind me meant to bury himself in
my ass and my only recourse would be to get it over as soon as I could.

     Up my ass, then, I thought bitterly.  Up my ass.  That's the kind of
home you belong in, anyhow!  I relaxed my rectum and thrust backward
onto the punishing club.  A horrible burning sensation enveloped me at
the sudden plop.  I shrieked and beat my fists against the table, but
I forced myself onto the shaft until I could feel its tip in the middle
of my belly.  Now I had it all!  I experimented with my rectum.  I
realized that I had conscious control of it; I could make it relax or
I could squeeze down brutally with it.  I began to squeeze and relax
as fast as I could alternate.  The cock never ceased its relentless
pressure, it stayed buried deep within my body as I realized that
he was buried in shit and I could make him come in it.

     I pumped my hips and gnawed at the base of the intruding prick
with my snapping anus.  There was a deep groan from behind me and
I heard his breathing quicken.  OK you fucker, I thought to myself,
now I've got you where I want you.  I'm in charge and you're out of
control.  I didn't realized that I was out of control too.  The move-
ment of his cock shot charges of electricity into the barrel of my
plusing vagina and my cold determination was replaced with hot eagerness.

     "MM-MM-MMHH!" I grunted.  The cock withdrew until only the head
was buried in my squeezing rectum.  Slowly it began a smooth pulsing
entry until it was fully sheathed and I could feel his balls bouncing
against my erect clit. "UNHH!...UNHH!...UNHH!!!!!" The cock withdrew
and thrust, again and again. Gradually the rhythm rose to a frenzy.  I
felt myself yielding to a study succession of spasms and my guts writhed
around the hard fullness.

     "YAAAGGHHH!!" I shouted. "AAGGHH!!!"  I flattened my breasts against
the table as a raging orgasm gripped my body.  My eyes bulged and the
breath caught in my throat.  The wild pounding of the engouged cock
ceased abruptly and it was thrust as far and as hard into my rectum as
it would go.  I feld a great surge of boiling fluid fill my belly in
the moment before I collapsed limply on the table.  The was a rushing
sensation at my rectum and the cock was gone.  The ache receded to my
spinctre.  I realized that all my control was gone as I felt the hot
trickle spread down the insides of my thighs.  I knew it was the white,
stringy remains of my rapists lust.  I closed my eyes, no longer caring.

     As I gradually became aware of my surroundings, I realized that
I could hear applause!  "Great job", Gloria was clapping and cheering
along with many other people, "that was the most fantastic ass-fucking
I've ever seen".  Gloria and Mona stepped to the end of the table so
I could see them.  They picked up the mirror in which I had been watching
the video replay of Tom's fuck and I realized to my horror that it was
a two way mirror and there was a video camera behind it!  They had recorded
my every facial expression while I was getting fucked in the cunt and
in the ass.


