Brenda and Becky have started a house cleaning service.. they are both
young and very pretty.. but rather tall girls.. Brenda is 5'9" 145 blonde, blue eyes and Becky is 5'10" 150 brown hair and eyes.
They started cleaning my apartment several weeks ago and in the
process found some of my books on bondage and female domination...as
well as some of my notes from various telecomm companies
(conversations saved from online meetings).  They were real cool about
these things and didn't let me know they had found them until it was
too late...
 
The girls had decided that since I was in and out so much, I should
have a key made for them.. after some thought .. I said sure.. and I
did...the girls new my vacation was coming up and that I had planed on
staying around the house during this time... Saturday morning came and
I was awaken by Brenda and Becky just as they closed the handcuffs on
my hands..
"what are you two doing?"
"we know about your fantasies and decided you would spend your vacation as
our slave" the girls said.
and with that they through a robe on me and out the door we went...
when we got to the car... they opened the trunk and through me in...
there I lay in total darkness.. handcuffed and naked except for a robe..  the car started and away they drove.. making several stops...
the last one lasting for about 2 hours before the trunk door opened...
we were at a house that looked to be very secluded..
the girls led me in and took me to the front room where I was
blindfolded..then led down some stairs... the handcuffs were replaced
with leather padded wrist cuffs... my arms stretched up and
connected... then I felt tension as
the cuffs stretched my body to the point that I was on my tip toes..
then the voices were gone... and there i stood (or I should say hung)
for what seemed to be hours..

I didn't hear anyone enter the room but was shocked when the feeling
of a sharp pain crossed my back.. I gasped from surprise and from 
the pain... loosing my footing and dangling by my wrists.. I felt yet
another lash across my back.. I tried to protest but the lashes just 
kept coming and I could hear a few snickers from the other side of 
the room.. after about 15 lashes... the tension on the wrist cuffs 
was released and I was pushed to my knees.. 
there I felt my hands being attached to a chastiy belt that was being 
placed around my waist.. my cock was put into a harness and a butt 
plug inserted in my anus.
Still blindfolded I could not see who was doing this but could sense 
more than just Brenda and Becky... then someone grabbed my head..
and as a lash went across my back.. I heard a strange female voice 
say  "open your mouth slave and pay homage to one of your new owners"
again another lash... I slowly opened my mouth..
moments passed and nothing... I kneeled there with mouth open.. not 
knowing what to expect... all my fantasies were of one woman having 
me in playful bondage for some good sex... i had never thought of 
other people or even a stranger using me.. yet here I was in the hands
of an unknown woman..  that is when I got a real shock...
with no notice at all.. a cock was inside my open mouth... a BIG cock
I tried to turn my head and move away...but the hands were holding my 
head so tight I could not even wiggle.. I felt the back of my virgin 
throat being pounded.. as I gagged... the deeper he pushed it.. and 
then the pain on my back started again... and i heard a male voice 
say... "whip him until he learns how to make me cum"
I heard another female say.. "may I help you, Sharon?"..
"yes my dear daughter, you may.. grab that cat-o-nine" 
daughter I thought... what happened to Brenda and Becky?... as the 
girls whipped my back side... the man fucked my mouth... deep and 
fast.. then for the first time... I tasted the juice... the juice that
when I had thought of it in reading others ideas had turned my 
inside... and yet I knew I was going to have to swallow it..
it seemed like he would never stop squirting his cum.. and as he did,
I heard the daughter say.. "swallow it my slave!  Swallow all of it or
spend the night in pain!"
as I slowly gulped... I was releived that this was finally over and 
started thinking about the females and what it was going to be like 
to lick on the daughter.. she sounded rather young..and that too was 
exciting... but then another surprise... another cock was forcing its 
way into my mouth.. what is going on here I wondered... 

continued

.send

