Archive-name: Family/talemoth.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Tale of Two Mothers
 
 
Chapter One:
 
 
      "Walter!"
 
      Patty brushed her long, wavy blonde hair out of her eyes and
 glowered angrily at her son's bedroom door.
 
      "Walter, I know what you're doing in there!  I am absolutely
 sick of listening to you jacking off in your room every day!  Walter,
 are you listening?"
 
      Her teenage son didn't answer.  The rhythmic thumping continued
 louder than ever, the sound of the headboard banging against the wall
 as Walter eagerly beat his prick, flailing his fist up and down his
 stiff, aching cock.
 
      "Walter!"
 
      Patty swore and rapped angrily on the door.  She was thirty-four
 and gorgeous, with wide blue eyes complementing her blonde hair, and
 a slim, stacked, big-titted body.
 
      "Walter, pay attention to me!"
 
      Walter groaned, and then the headboard started thumping against
 the wall even more quickly.  He was probably on the verge of spraying
 a big load of cum all over his chest.  Patty turned from the door,
 blushing fiercely as she retreated down the hall.  She was dressed
 casually, in jeans and a blue work shirt that gave her large, braless
 tits plenty of room to jiggle and bounce.  It was the sort of outfit
 that any normal housewife would have worn around the home, but she
 didn't feel normal.
 
      For one thing, she was divorced now.  The house and her modest
 monthly alimony checks were all she had to remember her long marriage
 to her husband.  For another thing, she had a handsome young son who
 was obsessed with jacking off.
 
      It had started six months before, after the divorce.  Walter was
 an unusually handsome young lad of sixteen, tall and muscular, with a
 bulging crotch that Patty, in spite of her embarrassment, had been
 unable not to notice.  Patty had read that the sex drive of growing
 boys can be very strong, but that hadn't prepared her for the fact
 that Walter's cock seemed to be stiff and bulging most of the time.
 
      She supposed her appearance had something to do with it.  Patty
 was slimmer than average, with long legs and a cute, girlishly round
 ass.  But her tits were so big that most of her bras had to be
 custom-made.  Her body had always made men horny, and Patty was
 afraid that her only child was no exception.  She had been mortified
 to see his cock swelling many times in the past six months, when she
 caught him ogling her figure.
 
      At least he could try to restrain himself, Patty thought.  Or at
 least be quiet about wanting to play with himself so much.  It was
 three-thirty in the afternoon now, and Walter had been home for a
 half hour.  He'd literally run upstairs as soon as he'd walked
 through the door with an obscene-looking bulge tenting through his
 slacks.
 
      Two minutes later, the thumping had started.  She heard it at
 least four times a day now.  She'd tried to talk to him about it,
 both gently and sternly, but he just wouldn't listen.  All he said
 was that he couldn't keep from rubbing his big prick as soon as it
 started to get stiff.
 
      Well, he was just going to have to learn to ignore it, Patty
 thought suddenly.  Impulsively she went to the hall closet, finding
 the key to Walter's bedroom door hanging on a nail.  Determinedly she
 went back to his room, knowing full well that she was about to catch
 her boy in the act.  It wasn't normal for a lad to play with himself
 so much.  Walter simply had to learn to control his sexual desires.
 
      Patty let herself into his room.  It took Walter a moment to
 notice that she'd come in.  As she'd expected, he was lying on his
 back with his pants around his ankles.  A jar of baby oil stood
 prominently on the nightstand beside his bed.  The youth's tongue
 lolled obscenely out of the corner of his mouth as he worked his fist
 feverishly on his crotch, whipping his hand up and down his
 throbbing, straining cock.
 
      Patty looked at it.  It was the first time she'd ever seen her
 son's naked, stiff prick; in spite of herself, she couldn't help
 being curious.  She'd imagined that he'd have a relatively small
 prick, even though he was almost full-grown.
 
      Patty instantly saw that she was wrong.  Walter's prick was
 huge.  Stiffly the long, fat cock meat shaft rose out of his cock
 curls, at least nine inches long and as thick around as her wrist. 
 The cock knob was as big as a small apple, bloated deep red and
 glistening with oozing cock cream.  Instantly the divorce, sexually-
 frustrated mother felt a shameful new craving throbbing in her cunt. 
 She had never imagined that seeing her own son's stiff prick would
 make her pussy feel so wet and hot.
 
      "All right, Walter.  Stop it right now!"
 
      Walter raised his head and finally saw that his mother was with
 him in the room.  He sighed, releasing his big cock and folding his
 hands behind his head.  He made no effort to cover his fuck organ,
 and the giant cockshaft continued to buck and pulse over his stomach.
 Patty sat beside her child on the bed, trying not to stare at his
 cock.  She felt her nipples stiffening and poking through the work
 shirt.  She wished she'd worn a bra to prevent her enormous tits from
 jiggling in front of her son.
 
      "Since when did you start barging in on me when my door's
 locked?" Walter grumbled.  "Can't I even have some privacy?"
 
      "You know perfectly well I was knocking a moment ago.  I think
 that's sufficient justification for using the key.  Walter, you know
 this is something we need to talk about.  All you ever do these days
 is jerk off.  It's not normal.  You're not going to develop normally
 if you spend all your time rubbing your cock and making it come."
 
      "I can't help it," Walter grinned.  "My cock gets hard, and I
 feel like rubbing it.  What's wrong with that?"
 
      "Don't you know any young girls who could----" Patty blushed,
 stopping short of telling her son to find a horny girl to fuck.  "---
 who could help you think more about normal things?"
 
      "You mean like fucking?" Walter's grin broadened.  "Shit, Mom, I
 fuck a lot of girls.  If you want, I can bring one home tomorrow and
 fuck her right here.  I just like rubbing my prick a lot.  It feels
 good."
 
      "You...you could at least pull up your pants when your own
 mother is talking to you.  This is very embarrassing."
 
      "Well, you're the one who wanted to talk, Mom.  I don't want to
 stop jacking off now.  I've had a big load in my nuts all day.  I
 need to cum bad!"
 
      And then the hung son shocked his mother again, sliding his hand
 down to again tightly grip his giant prick.  The astonished mother
 couldn't help staring at his tremendous cock as he started beating
 his meat again, slowly and very hard, groaning as he moved his fist
 up and down the oversized length of his cock.
 
      "Walter!  Walter, for God's sake!"  Patty gasped at him,
 overwhelmed with both anger and an irresistable, incestuous lust. 
 "How...how dare you do that in front of your mother!  You take your
 hand off your prick this instant!"
 
      "I don't want to, Mom.  It feels good."
 
      And then Walter stared openly at her tits, sighing as he watched
 the huge, spongy tits swaying slightly under her shirt.
 
      "Man, you sure have a pair of big ones, Mom.  Sometimes I like
 to think about sucking them when I jerk off.  It's even better
 looking at them at the same time."
 
      "Walter!"
 
      Patty was so shocked that she knew she had to make her boy stop
 beating his cock that instant.  She dropped her hand, intending to
 pull his finger off of his prick.  But Walter withdrew his hand at
 the same time.  The next thing Patty knew, her hand was filled with
 the hot stiffness of Walter's prick.
 
      "Ummm, that feels good, Mom!  Why don't you rub it for me?"
 
      "You little bastard!"
 
      And then Patty started doing it.  She didn't know what had come
 over her, what had prompted her to begin the worst possible sin with
 her son.  Her pussy was very wet, throbbing so hornily in her panties
 that she could hardly think straight.  She felt overwhelmed by anger,
 frustration and a wanton, uncontrollable lust.
 
      Walter just lay there, smiling as he submitted to his sex-
 starved mother's hand job.  Patty stared openly at his huge prick
 now, grimacing as she whipped her right hand up and down the
 cockstalk as fast as she could.
 
      "Does this feel good?  Is this what you want me to do to you,
 Walter?  Your very own mother?  Are you really so disgusting that you
 want your own Mommy to jack on your cock like this?
 
      "Do you want Mommy to suck it too?  You'd like that, wouldn't
 you?  You'd like your own mother to put your prick in her mouth and
 swallow your hot cum!"
 
      Walter responded by pushing her hand away, swinging around to
 sit up on the edge of the bed.  He looked at his mother pointedly,
 then grinned, snapped his fingers, and pointed arrogantly at his
 aching cock.
 
      "Yeah, that's what I want, all right.  Why don't you get on your
 knees right now, Mom?  My cock needs a good sucking right away!"
 
      "You filthy, shameful, little boy ---"
 
      And then her words trailed off as she did what her son
 requested, dropping to her knees in front of him and confronting the
 huge, aching length of his prick.  Patty realized that she was
 breathing very hard, and that she could feel her heartbeat in her
 pussy better even than she could feel it in her chest.
 
      She felt as if she'd lost all control of herself, as if it  were
 no longer possible to distinguish between what she was really doing
 now and what she might have dreamed about.  She couldn't believe that
 she was actually going to shove her own son's cock down her throat
 and swallow his spewing cum.
 
      Patty wrapped her fingers tightly around his throbbing cock,
 sliding her fist to the root.  She stared intently at the rosy, puffy
 cock knob for several seconds, seeing how the whole fat crown
 glistened with sticky spunk.  The wanton mother lowered her 
 head, pressing her lips to his piss hole.  Shamefully she thrust out
 her tongue, eagerly licking the tasty cock juice from the tingling
 tip of his prick.
 
      "Unnggh!  That feels good, Mom!" Walter writhed on the edge of
 the bed, holding her head with both hands.  "Put it in your mouth,
 Mom!  Suck it!  Unggh, suck it good!"
 
      Patty shut her eyes, trying to block out the knowledge that she
 was now the kind of mother who gave blow jobs to her very own son. 
 Gradually she let her lips slide onto his pulsing fuck organ,
 slurping in inch after inch of his giant, throbbing cock.  She
 stopped when she'd inhaled over a third of it, when she would have
 choked herself if she'd tried to swallow any more of his cock meat.
 
      Then the horny mother started sucking the prick extremely hard,
 keeping her eyes closed as she nursed contentedly on the aching
 stiffness of his hard-on.  An absurd voice in the back of her mind
 still tried to justify what she was doing.  She was showing him how
 awful he'd feel if he let his own mother suck his prick.
 
      Patty sucked the tasty cock harder and harder, shocking herself
 with her eagerness to mouth and slurp her own child's prick.  She
 forced her face closer to his hairy crotch base, gagging herself,
 dying to swallow all of his cock meat in one swallow.  The huge prick
 responded to her hard, wet sucking by growing even bigger and
 stiffer. The cock knob puffed up obscenely, pulsating on the roof of
 her gullet.
 
      "Ummlllppp," Patty gurgled.
      Her lewd, slurping sounds of cocksucking contentment had become
 very loud too, filling up the bedroom.  Feverishly she started
 bobbing her head up and down, fucking her mouth with her boy's big
 prick.  Her fingers tightened on the root of his cock.  Then she
 furiously started jacking his prick as she sucked the tip, swirling
 and basting her tongue around the mushroom-shaped crown, lapping up
 the salty spunk as it dribbled out of his enormous, aching prick.
 
      "Mom, I'm gonna cum soon!" Walter groaned.  "Unggh!  I can feel
 it, Mom!  It's really going to be a big one!  Oh, suck it, suck me
 hard!  You're such a fantastic cocksucker!"
 
      The shocking, disgusting compliment was music to her ears. 
 Patty felt her face redden as she started sucking cock as hard as she
 could, rapidly puckering and bellowing her cheeks around the cum-
 laden stiffness of his cock.  Her fist was a blur, whacking up and
 down his hard-on.  She was desperate to nurse a heavy, spurting load
 out of his cock, to be forced to swallow as fast as she could to gulp
 down all of her son's cum.
 
      "Swallow it, Mom!  Cumming, cumming!"
 
      He clutched her head, thrusting his hips off the bed, fucking
 his cockshaft another inch between her lips.  Patty started to gag,
 but then, at last, her horny cocksucking efforts were finally
 rewarded.  A tremendous shower of spunk blasted out of his swollen
 cockhead, squirting and splattering down his cum-loving mother's
 throat.
 
      "Ummmllppp!" Patty gurgled.
 
      The cock juice was spewing into her mouth, squirting on her
 tonsils and running down her throat.  Feverishly she clung to the
 enormous, cream-shooting cock, loving the taste of her young son's
 seed.  Shamefully, the horny mother started sucking, jacking and
 swallowing all at the same time, not wanting to release her boy's
 prick until she'd sucked every droplet of salty cream from the crown
 of his cock meat.
 
      After nearly a half-minute, the cum-explosion was over, and the
 stacked blonde mother had her belly full of cock juice she'd secretly
 craved.  She raised her head from her son's crotch, dazed and
 desperately horny, running her tongue around her mouth to lick up the
 cream.  Patty was breathing hard, and her pussy was so wet that it
 had completely soaked her panty crotch band.
 
      Walter's prick was still very hard, and throbbing in front of
 her face.  Patty's pussy spasmed as she suddenly imagined the huge,
 fat pussy-pleaser plowing into her hairy cuntslit, ramming deeply in
 and out her cunt.
 
      "Well.  I hope you're satisfied, Walter," she panted.  "You
 actually got Mommy to suck your big prick for you.  I suppose now you
 want to do other dirty things with Mommy too."
 
      Walter grinned, nodding.  Patty rose to her feet, fumbling with
 her shirt buttons, unable to stop staring at her child's enormous
 cock.
 
      "Then I think you'd better take off the rest of your clothes,
 Walter.  Now that we've begun, we'd better get these disgusting
 desires out of your system once and for all."
 
      Walter grinned again, kicking off his shoes and sliding his
 pants off the rest of the way.  All he had on now was his shirt, and
 he didn't need to take that off to give his mom the hard fucking she
 needed.  He sat up, watching her strip.  Patty felt  a flush of pride
 as she shrugged the shirt off, revealing her enormous tits.
 
      "You like Mommy's big tits, don't you, Walter?" she asked. 
 Patty ran her hands up her slim waist, cupping the giant, spongy tits
 and kneading them lasciviously.  The nipples capping the creamy
 double D-cuppers were very wide and red, with stiff, protuberant
 tips.  Patty kicked off her shoes and undid her jeans.  Then, naked
 except for her panties, she joined her son on the bed.
 
      "You can go ahead and suck Mommy's titties now, Walter.  I
 suppose you've been thinking about that when you jack off too."
 
      Walter just nodded.  He knelt beside his mother, filing his
 hands with her gigantic, firm tits.  Hungrily he kneaded and squeezed
 the tremendous tits, rolling them, and fanning his thumbs across the
 nipples.  Patty shuddered as the pleasure of the tit massage went
 straight into her cunt.
 
      "You --- you can suck them if you like," she panted.
 
      Walter sprawled on top of her, opening his mouth wide to engulf
 one straining nipple.  Feverishly he started slurping on his mother's
 enormous tit, sucking and puckering his cheek, just as he'd once
 nursed milk out of her tits as a suckling baby.  Patty whimpered, the
 need in her pussy growing stronger by the second.  She tenderly
 cradled her loving son's head, encouraging him to suck Mommy's tits
 as much as he liked.
 
      "You --- you can touch my pussy now," she whispered.  "I suppose
 you want to do that too."
 
      Walter slid his hand down, moving it between her thighs to press
 his finger against her pussy.  Then he stopped tit-sucking and looked
 triumphantly into her eyes.
 
      "Man, Mom!  You're really dripping!"
 
      Patty blushed.  She'd known her pussy was wet, but she didn't
 know it was so wet that even her inner thighs were slick with her
 oozing pussy oils.  Walter seemed fascinated by his mom's hot, creamy
 pussy.  He grasped her panties and pulled them off, and the panty
 crotch stuck to her wet, throbbing cunt.  Now his stacked, sexy
 mother was completely naked.  Walter spread her thighs apart, staring
 at the wet, throbbing pussy that had birthed him so many years
 before.
 
      "What are you looking at me like that for, Walter?" Patty
 panted.  "Why don't you just go ahead and ram you big prick into me
 right now?  I know that's what you want to do, even if I am your
 mother."
 
      "Wanna lick it first," Walter mumbled.
 
      And then he sprawled between her long legs, pushing up her
 thighs to give his mouth better access to her throbbing, tasty
 cuntslit.  It took the naked mother a minute to even understand that
 her son wanted to suck her pussy.  Then she shuddered, biting her lip
 as she felt the first pressure of his tongue sluicing tentatively
 between the fragrant folds of her cunt.
 
      "Ungggh!  Oh, Walter!  What ... what are you doing that for,
 Walter?  Unggh! Unnggh!"
 
      Walter was too busy licking to reply.  He obviously loved the
 taste of his mother's pussy, loved the way it felt to move his tongue
 busily up and down her pink, juice-glistening cunt.  Patty instantly
 felt afraid of how she might act now.  She'd been horny enough before
 Walter went down on her.  She didn't know how outlandishly she might
 behave if he made her already aching cunt even wetter and itchier
 with his tongue.
 
      "No, Walter!  You....unggh....you don't have to lick Mommy's
 pussy!  Unnggh!  Just fuck your mother, Walter.  I now that's what
 you want!"
 
      Walter didn't answer.  He held his mother's pussy lips open with
 his fingers, allowing him to thrust his tongue deeper into her wet,
 fragrant hole.  The fuck cream kept running out of her cuntal depths,
 and her clit was very fat and swollen, protruding at the top of her
 fur-fringed cuntslit.
 
      Walter moved his tongue higher, proving his skill as a pussy
 licker as he began swabbing his mom's clit from side to side.  The
 naked mother squealed, clutching his head with both hands.  Then she
 urgently started thrusting and fucking her hips off the bed, urgently
 fucking her wet pussy onto his face.
 
      "Yes, Walter," she cried hoarsely.  "Unngggh!  Mommy needs
 sucking now!  Mommy needs sucking bad!  Unggh!  Lick Mommy's clitty,
 Walter!  Oh, suck it, suck it good, make your mother cum!"
 
   Walter kept licking and kissing, pausing to rub his face on the
 dense, platinum colored curls that covered her lower belly in a rich
 moss.  Now he straightened his fingers, pushing them into the narrow,
 clinging interior of his mother's pussy channel.  Patty shuddered as
 her son started jacking off her throbbing cunt, licking directly on
 her clit at the same time.
 
      "Suck it, Walter!  Oh, please!"
 
      Walter took her clit between his lips.  He sucked it gently but
 forcefully, slurping on it, at the same time pumping his fingers
 rapidly in and out of her cunt.  Patty felt the cum welling up deep
 inside of her, making her nipples and asshole tingle as the pre-
 orgasmic sensations violently pleasured her whole body.  Then she was
 cumming, cumming uncontrollably, while her very own son sucked her
 cunt.
 
      "Eat it, Walter!  Unnggh!  Lick it, lick your mother!  Cumming,
 cuummmiiinnnggg!"
 
      Her throbbing pussy spasmed and spewed, giving her child a
 mouthful of pussy juice to lick and suck up.  Walter kept sucking her
 clit and jacking her off, guiding her through the peak of her orgasm.
 It was nearly a minute before the spasms subsided.  By then, Patty
 had an aching need deep, deep inside her pussy that she'd never felt
 before.  She desperately need to feel her son's fat, meaty prick
 pounding into her cunt as fast as he could shove it in.
 
     "You....you can fuck your mother no, Walter.  I know that's what
 you really want.  Go ahead, Walter.  Shove it in.  Hurry!"
 
      Walter mounted his naked mother, crawling up between her thighs
 with his giant, dripping cock pulsing over his stomach.  Impatiently
 Patty reached down, grasping the cockshaft and directing the cock
 knob to her pussy.  She whimpered and bit her lip as she felt the
 meaty prick boring into her and stretching her pouty pussy lips to
 bursting around the invading thickness of his cock.
 
      "Unnggh!  Oh, you've really got a fat one, Walter!  Unnggh! 
 You're really going to have to stuff it in, aren't you?  Go ahead. 
 Unggh!  Shove it up Mommy's pussy, honey.  Hurry, hurry!
 
      Walter spread his knees apart, to put his hips in the best
 position to hammer in his cock.  Then he started stroking, in and
 out, fucking his organ deeper into his mother with every stroke. 
 Patty raised her head, looking down, watching the veined cockshaft
 gooshing in and out of her clinging pussy.  The sight was violently
 exciting.  She started humping and wiggling her round little ass,
 thrusting her throbbing pussy onto Walter's huge cock.
 
      "You....you can fuck me deeper, Walter," she panted.  "Go ahead,
 Walter.  Fuck Mommy's tight cunt just as deep as you can!"
 
      Walter started stroking harder, making his mother grimace and
 shudder as he really started nailing his immense cock into her
 clinging, throbbing pussy.  At last it was all the way inside her,
 buried to the balls in her cunt.  Patty had never felt so stuffed
 with hard cock in her life.
 
   Her pussy was sucking and spasming uncontrollably now, constantly
 nursing around the huge, belly-probing stiffness of his cock.  Walter
 lay motionless on top of her for several seconds.  He
 let his elbow bend, crushing her huge tits under his descending
 chest.
 
      "Fuck your mother, Walter!"
 
      The intensity of her incestuous desire becoming more apparent,
 Patty cocked her legs as high as she could and locked her calves
 together across his back.  Then she started wiggling and humping like
 a bitch in heat, frantically fucking her tight, wet pussy onto her
 own son's cock.
 
      "I said fuck me, Walter!  Mommy's awfully horny now!  Fuck me,
 fuck me good!"
 
      Walter pulled out, withdrawing until only the crown of his
 bloated, dripping hard-on distended his mother's pussy lips.  He
 shuddered as he came down hard again, again spearing every inch of
 his giant fuck organ into her pussy.  By then Patty was humping like
 a sex-starved machine, her huge tit mounds bouncing and quivering as
 she pistoned her pussy onto her son's prick.  Walter met his mother's
 rhythm, slamming his cock deeply into her buttery, sucking cunt.
 
      "That's right, Walter!  Unngggh!  Oh, shit, do it harder, fuck
 Mommy's cunt as hard as you can!"  Patty wrapped her arms around his
 shoulders, hugging him tight, gasping and squealing as her pussy
 spasmed uncontrollably around his big cock.  "Fuck me, Walter!  Fuck
 me!"
 
      Walter panted on her shoulder, and then he started fucking his
 mother as hard as he could.  Relentlessly he worked his hips between
 her thighs, grunting as he rammed his giant, arrow-like prick into
 the gooey depths of her sucking pussy.  Already the horny mother
 could feel the second series of spasms welling up in her loins,
 making her ravished, cock-filled fuck hole suck even tighter around
 Walter's prick.
 
      "Mommy's cumming again, honey!  Fuck your mother, fuck your
 horny mother!  Unnggh!  Cumming, Walter!  I'm cummmiinnnggg!"
 
      Her pussy burst lusciously into orgasm, oozing out fuck cream,
 the narrow pink walls gripping and contracting around her son's
 tremendously huge cock.  Walter collapsed on top of her, ramming his
 cock in to the hilt.  Then the second load of cum cream gushed out of
 his prick.  Patty felt it spraying and spewing, erupting deep inside
 her pussy, deluging her womb with a hot, soothing load of jizz.
 
      Hornily she flexed her fucking muscles around the erupting
 cockshaft, helping her child drain the reservoir in his balls
 completely in her pussy.  But she could already feel her guilt, shame
 and disgust returning now that she'd succumbed to the craving to to
 give her pussy to her own son.  This would be the first time, she
 thought, and also the last.  She simply couldn't live with herself if
 she continued to relieve her own son's cock every time it got achey
 and stiff.
 
 
Chapter Two:
 
      Patty refused to fuck her son again that day, as often as he
 pestered her for another chance to slide his seemingly always hard
 cock into her pussy.  Refusing him wasn't easy.  She spent most of
 the evening finger fucking, locked in her room and feverishly rubbing
 her wet pussy, all to thoughts of the joy she'd experienced with her
 son's huge prick.
 
      The next morning, Walter came to the breakfast table completely
 naked, with an enormous throbbing hard-on that was already leaking
 tasty looking cum juice.  He made a valiant effort to fuck his mother
 again, squeezing and fondling her body as she served him breakfast,
 making her look at his magnificent cock.  Again, Patty turned him
 down.
 
      Again, she had to spend the next several hours finger fucking. 
 She knew it was worth the effort.  Her torrid fuck and suck session
 the day before had been a one-time degenerate episode that could
 never be repeated.  What kind of mother spread her legs and opened
 her pussy for her very own child?
 
      Early that afternoon, Patty dressed and went shopping.  The
 first thing she heard when she let herself back into the house was
 the frantic moaning and screaming upstairs.  Patty just stood there,
 unable to believe her ears, instantly feeling her pussy growing wet,
 hot and sticky under her panties.  Then she rembered what her son had
 said the day before.  He'd decided to keep his promise.  He'd brought
 home some young girl to fuck.
 
      "Oh, fuck me, Walter!"  The girl was obviously in the throes of
 ecstasy.  She sounded very young.  "Unngh!  Oh, fuck me with your big
 cock, fuck me hard!  Make me cum, Walter!"
 
      Patty put the groceries on the kitchen counter.  She was
 trembling.  She went upstairs, her mind already filing with obscene
 images, of her hung son slamming his dripping prick into some lucky
 little slut's gooey cunt.
 
      The voices grew louder.  Her son's bedroom door was open.  Patty
 told herself not to look, told herself that the sight of her son
 fucking another girl would again put her incestuous lust for him over
 the edge.  Patty couldn't help herself.  She stood in the open door,
 staring in.
 
      The girl was young, blonde and slinky.  She was on top of
 Walter, who lay on his back, smiling up at her, his hands folder
 behind his head.  The girl had a very quick, nimble ass, and she was
 now gyrating it in a frenzy, frantically pistoning her wet little
 pussy up and down Walter's cock.
 
      "Gonna cum," the girl panted.  She clutched Walter's shoulders,
 shuddering as she slammed her hairy little fuck hole onto the base of
 his prick.  "Fuck me, Walter.  Love your prick, Walter!  Fuck me,
 fuck me...."
 
      "Get out," Patty hissed.
 
      "Oh, shit!" the girl said.
 
      The girl leapt off the bed, making Walter's cock slide out of
 her pussy with an obscene popping sound.  Patty advanced on her
 menacingly.  Thirty seconds later, the anonymous little slut was
 gone, having set a potential world record in wiggling into her
 clothes and dashing down the stairs.
 
      She was alone in the house with her son again.  Patty stood at
 the foot of the bed, breathing hard, staring at her son's enormous
 cock.
 
      "What was the meaning of that?"
 
      "I was horny," Walter shrugged, with a grin.  "I told you I
 might bring some chick over, Mom.  I mean, if you won't fuck me
 anymore, why shouldn't I?"
 
      "You're disgusting," Patty hissed.  "A girl that age, fucking
 her like that right in your room.  With the door wide open.  You
 ought to be ashamed of yourself.  Can't you ever think about anything
 but your big cock?"
 
      "Nope.  Matter of fact, I'm thinking about it right now.  Why
 don't you let me fuck your tight pussy again, Momma?  Shit, I'd shoot
 my cum up your pussy than that chick's any day."
 
      "You're disgusting."
 
      "Come on, Mom."
 
      He got off the bed, naked, his enormous fuck organ wagging
 obscenely before him as he advanced on his chaste, secretly sex-
 starved mother.  Patty just stood there.  She knew she could have
 left, or yelled at him again.  But watching Walter's gigantic cock
 boring into the young girl's pussy had made her so, so horny.  Her
 cunt was throbbing again, beating as it oozed juice into her panties.
 Patty needed a good fucking very, very badly.
 
      "Take your hands off of me," she said feebly.
 
      But she didn't mean it, and they both knew it.  Walter led her
 to the bed.  He put her on her back, letting his mother lie there as
 he stripped off her clothes.  Her large, stiff-nippled tit melons
 wobbled tantalizingly as he pulled off her bra, and Walter paused to
 nurse on his mother's tits, to slurp her red nipples deeply between
 his lips.
 
      Off came her shoes, her skirt, her wet, cunt juice-smelling
 bikini panties.  Then the fuck-hungry mother was completely naked. 
 Walter joined her on the bed, crawling up between her legs.
 
      "Cock 'em up, Mom."
 
      "No, Walter.  You know it's a sin.  You don't really want to
 fuck Mommy again, do you?"
 
      "I said cock 'em up."
 
      "Oh, Walter...."
 
      Shamefully, hornily, the mother then did as her son asked.  She
 raised her knees high over her shoulders, spreading them, completely
 opening her wet, throbbing, curly-haired pussy hole for the invasion
 of his cock.  Walter grinned, mounting his mother.  He fit the spongy
 tip of his prick between the pouting petals of her very tight cunt.
 
      "Man, I've really got a hot load now," he panted.  "I was just
 about to shoot off when you walked in.  I'm gonna cum so fucking hard
 I'll probably knock you off the bed!"
 
      Patty didn't answer.  She was too busy looking down, excitedly
 watching her son's immense cock-lance boring into her pussy.  The
 stiff prick stretched her pussy lusciously, making the walls clasp
 and grip exquisitely around the invading thickness of his cock.
 
      For nearly a full day she'd fantasized about this, about again
 feeling her boy's prick slamming back into the pussy that had birthed
 him.  Now it was deep inside her again, boring deep inside her cunt. 
 Shamefully the naked mother stared wigging and humping, fucking her
 horny, itchy pussy onto the satisfying stiffness of Walter's cock.
 
      "Yes, Walter, it feels so good now," she panted.  "It's time to
 fuck Mommy again, honey.  Unnggh!  Fuck your mother, lover, fuck your
 mother's horny cunt!"
 
      She cocked her long legs up higher, draping her ankles over his
 shoulders, completely opening her gooey pussy hole for the skewering
 shaft of his cock.  Her hung son started fucking.  He braced his
 knees on the bed, looming over his mom, supporting his weight on
 straight arms.  Rhythmically he fucked her tightly grasping pussy,
 spearing his big cock in and out of her cunt.
 
      "Fuck me, fuck my pussy!"  Patty gasped.  She humped to meet his
 strokes, her enormous tits bouncing and shivering, undulating every
 time her son fucked her deep wit his cock.  "Unnngh!  Oh, shit,
 Walter, you've really got a bit one!  Give Mommy a good fucking now! 
 Harder, honey, harder!  Fuck Mommy's cunt till I can't even walk!"
 
      Walter moaned, experiencing the luscious tightness of his
 mother's pussy.  It seemed impossible that she had ever given birth;
 her cunt was tighter, and sucked his cock more sweetly, than that of
 the girl he'd been humping only minutes before.
 
      Now his cock was all the way inside her syrupy fuck channel,
 buried to the balls.  Patty felt completely overwhelmed by the size
 of his fuck shaft.  It stuffed her belly, reaching into the depths of
 her womb.  Her horny son started working his ass rapidly on top of
 her, spearing his big prick in and out of the clinging sheath of her
 pussy.
 
      "Do you like the way I fuck you, Mom?" he panted.  "Do you want
 me to fuck you harder, Mom?  Do you like the way I fuck your tight,
 juicy little cunt?"
 
      "Yes, baby," Patty squealed.  She started bucking her hips in a
 frenzy, eager for harder, deeper thrusting of the wonderfully big
 cock.  "Fuck your mother, baby.  Mommy's cunt's so juicy!  Unngggh! 
 Harder, honey, please do it harder!  Oh, fuck, oh, shit, Mommy needs
 a good cum so much!"
 
      Walter sprawled flat on his naked mother, crushing her giant
 tits under his chest.  Then he started fucking her pussy as fast as
 he could.  In and out his huge cock sawed, spearing into her womb. 
 Patty humped and shuddered beneath him, grimacing and twisting her
 head from side to side, overwhelmed by the ecstasy of being fucked
 with her own son's prick. 
 
      "Mommy's going to cum now!" she gasped, almost shouting out the
 words.  "Harder, Walter!  Unnggh!  Fuck your mother, fuck your horny
 mother!  I'm cumming!  I'm cumming!"
 
      Her pussy spasmed violently in orgasm, spewing juice onto
 Walter's hammering cock, sucking the aching stiffness of his huge,
 pounding prick.  Walter kept fucking as hard as possible,
 relentlessly drilling his organ into the depths of her pussy hole.
 
      The cum lasted for nearly a minute straight.  When it was over,
 Walter was still ramming his cock into her belly as hard as he could.
 He hadn't cum yet, had kept himself from filling his mother's belly
 with his hot, spewing seed.
 
      Which meant, Patty quickly realized, that she could suck it out
 of his big prick instead.
 
      "T-t-take it out, Walter," Patty panted, deeply ashamed of what
 she longed to do next.  "Please, stop fucking Mommy's pussy."
 
      "Gotta cum," Walter grunted.
      "I know.  I....I want to suck it now.  Please, Walter.  Mommy
 wants to suck your cock so bad."
 
      Walter stopped humping, pausing to smile knowingly down at his
 mom.  Then he slid his throbbing prick out of her pussy and rose from
 the bed.  He stood up, his cock pulsing as he waited for his mom to
 get on her knees in front of him.  Patty did it.  It made her feel
 like even more of a slut to kneel like this in front of her son, to
 be on her knees looking up at him as she popped his cock into her
 mouth and started sucking to draw out its load of spunk.
 
      "Give me some good cocksucking, Mom...."
 
      Patty stared hungrily at the huge cock throbbing in front of her
 face.  She gripped it in her fist, sliding her hand down to the base
 to hold his cock in position.  Then she popped the cock knob into her
 mouth, and then she started sucking it.
 
      It tasted especially good now, from fucking two wet, creamy
 pussies in a row.  Contentedly Patty gurgled as she nursed on the big
 prick, thrusting her tongue into the cum hole to lap up the oozing
 jizz.  The cock knob was already very fat and puffy, and the cum
 cream oozed out every instant.  Patty's pussy got itchy again as she
 thought of how much cock juice was jacked in her son's balls, of how
 heavily he would soon be showering her tonsils with cream.
 
      "Man, you like putting my cock in your mouth, don't you, Mom?"
 
      Patty didn't answer.  She was too busy sucking cock.  Loudly and
 wetly she slurped on the tasty prick, hearing her own gurgling,
 smacking sounds of cocksucking pleasure filling the bedroom.  The
 prick grew even stiffer, beating on the roof of her mouth.  Patty
 thrust her left hand between her thighs, beginning to rub her wet
 pussy.  Shamelessly she finger fucked and sucked hard cock at the
 same time.
 
      Her mouth was stretched to bursting, contorted obscenely as she
 struggled to accommodate the blood-beating thickness of her young
 son's cock.  Patty bobbed her head, her blonde tresses bouncing on
 her shoulders, urgently fucking her mouth with his cock.  She
 tightened her fingers around the base of his cock, and then she
 started beating his prick meat much harder than before, urgently
 whipping her right hand up and down the pulsing stalk of his prick.
 
      "Gonna shoot it," Walter gasped.
 
      He clutched her head with both hands, lunging forward, cramming
 another half-inch of his cock between her lips.
 
      "Suck it, Mom, suck it good!  Unngh!  You're a great cocksucker,
 Mom!  Oh, fuck, cumming now!"
 
      The giant prick started spewing, spraying rich gobs of cum juice
 down the cock-loving mother's throat.  Patty nursed feverishly on her
 boy's giant cock, loving the taste of his cream.  Again and again,
 the sappy white stuff sprayed out of his cock tip, spurting on her
 tonsils, running down her throat.  Patty clung shamelessly to the
 huge, squirting cock, jacking and sucking it, feeling her belly
 filing up with cream.
 
      At last the sticky white cock juice stopped blasting out of his
 hard-on.  Patty popped the big, wet cock out of her mouth, panting as
 she stared intently at the cock knob.  She felt completely depraved
 now, unable to suppress her constant craving to fuck and suck with
 her own son.  If she'd gone this far with him, she might as well go
 the rest of the way.  It had been a long, long time since she'd felt
 a prick anywhere near as huge as her son's boring into her tender
 little shitter.
 
      "You're....you're a dirty boy, Walter," Patty panted, still
 jacking his fuck pole slow and hard.  "You're a dirty boy for wanting
 to fuck your mother like this.  Don't you feel dirty for letting
 Mommy suck your cock?"
 
      "No."
 
      "I'll....I'll bet you fantasize about fucking Mommy's tight
 little asshole too, don't you?  That would be just like you.  Do you
 fantasize about fucking my hot little asshole when you jack off,
 honey?  Is that where you'd like to shove this big cock of yours
 next?"
 
      Walter just grinned in response, his prick throbbing harder than
 ever.  Patty rose unsteadily to her feet.  The idea of asshole
 fucking was morally repugnant to her, but that meant nothing to the
 puckered, pink hole that was now already throbbing lewdly in and out.
 It just happened to be the case that Patty had been born with an
 unusually sensitive, itchy little asshole.  Whenever her cunt got
 wet, her asshole usually felt hot and tingly too.
 
      "You'd better get some Vaseline from the bathroom, Walter.  I
 guess you're never going to get over your sick desire to fuck your
 mother unless I let you fuck my asshole too."
 
      Walter disappeared into the bathroom.  Patty grabbed a pillow,
 thrusting it under her belly to elevate her hips.  She felt
 completely ashamed of herself, knowing how badly she needed this
 torrid session of assfucking with her son.  Shamefully she gripped
 her rounded little white ass globes, spreading them wide, revealing
 her pink, puckered shit orifice to her only son.
 
      Walter returned to the bedroom, finding his mother sprawled on
 her stomach, holding her ass cheeks open.  He grinned, again joining
 her on the bed.  Patty heard him moving behind her, uncapping the
 Vaseline jar.  She whimpered as her boy started pasting the lube
 liberally all over her little shitter.
 
      "Stick your fingers in, Walter.  Get Mommy's little asshole nice
 and juicy."
 
      Walter did as his mother asked, straightening his fingers,
 thrusting them into the gripping interior of his mother's shit
 tunnel.  Patty groaned, fucking her tight, itchy asshole onto his
 hand.  Then she heard a new sound behind her as her son basted his
 huge cock liberally with Vaseline.
 
      "That's enough, Walter.  Time to fuck Mommy's asshole now,
 honey.  Hurry, honey, give Mommy's asshole a good, hard ass fucking!"
 
      Walter mounted his naked mother, aiming his swollen cock tip at
 her rubbery shit hole.  Patty gasped with intense pleasure as she
 felt the cock cleaving into her bowels, instantly stretching her
 burning asshole to the bursting point around the invading thickness
 of his prick.
 
      It had been so, so long since her last asshole reaming.  Patty's
 asshole was already sucking and spasming needfully in response to her
 son's cock, sucking and gripping Walter's prick to welcome it into
 her body.  Patty bit her lip, suppressing the slight pain she felt as
 her asshole stretched to accommodate his cock.  Then she started
 humping again, wiggling at the same time, trying to help her hung son
 stuff every inch of his fuck pole into her narrow, gripping ass.
 
      "Fuck your mother, fuck Mommy's little asshole!" she pleaded.
 
      Patty released her buns, no longer needing to hole them open. 
 She thrust her hand under her belly and started finger fucking,
 rubbing her aching clitty as hard as she could.
 
      "Mommy needs assfucking, Walter!" she panted.  "Deeper, baby,
 really ram it in now!  Oh, fuck, oh, shit, fuck Mommy's asshole as
 deep as you can!"
 
      Walter grunted as he heaved on top of her, forcing his immense
 cock deeper and deeper into the Vaseline-slickened heat of her
 asshole.  Then it was all the way inside her, buried to the balls,
 his huge prick pulsating as it soaked in the indescribable tightness
 of her shit tunnel.
 
      Patty started humping harder, moaning and crying as she
 shamefully fucked her stretched, tingling asshole onto his cock. 
 Walter pulled out slowly, then rammed his prick back into her bowels.
 Then he settled into a hard, fast rhythm, slamming his prick in and
 out of his mother's horny little shitter.
 
      "Fuck my asshole, fuck my horny little asshole!" Patty pleaded. 
 She finger fucked her pussy in a frenzy, simultaneously thrusting her
 asshole onto his cock.  "Unngggh!  Mommy's got such a horny little
 asshole, honey!  It needs fucking super bad!  Oh, shit, please do it
 harder!  Oh, darling, fuck Mommy's asshole as hard as you can!"
 
      Walter did as his mother asked, ramming his cock up her shit
 chute as hard as he could.  The enormous fuck organ had swelled even
 stiffer, and Patty sensed that her hung son would soon be basting her
 bowel tract with another load of cum.
 
      The orgasm burst suddenly deep inside her, making her pussy gush
 onto her fingers, and her asshole spasmadically grip and milk around
 Walter's hammering cock.  Patty shrieked with shameful pleasure,
 humping and bucking and thrusting as hard as she could.
 
      "Fuck my asshole, fuck Mommy's horny asshole!" she cried.  "My
 asshole's cumming now, Walter!  Fuck it, fuck it good! 
 Cuummmiiinnngggg!"
 
      Walter collapsed on top of her, ramming his cock to the hilt in
 her tenderly sucking bowels.  Then his load of cock juice spewed out
 of his balls.  It lashed out of his cock tip, spraying into his
 mother's asshole, deluging her shitter with an ocean of cream. 
 Hornily the naked mother flexed her shitting muscles around the huge,
 erupting cock, helping him draining his balls completely in her ass.
 
                          * * * * * * * *
 
      She had to do something about Walter's craving to fuck her. 
 Patty paced her bedroom several hours later, trying to ignore the wet
 ache in her pussy, wondering what she could do to end her shocking,
 incestuous liaison with her son.
 
      She'd make him see a counselor.  Yes, that was right.  A
 counselor could help him deal with his uncontrollable sex drive. 
 Patty went to her bureau, finding her address book and thumbing
 through the pages.  She still didn't think that her own lust had
 anything to do with the fact that she'd let her son fuck her.  She
 blamed it all on him.
 
      Margaret Kelly.  She was a therapist of some sort.  Patty had
 heard about her because Margaret Kelly sometimes worked with young
 people referred by Walter's school.  Margaret was supposed to be a
 mother too, with a growing son of her own.  Having a record of school
 referrals was as much endorsement as Patty needed.  She'd make sure
 that Walter saw Margaret Kelly as soon as possible, to discuss his
 shocking desire to suck and fuck his very own mother.
 
 
Chapter Three:
 
      "How long have you fantasized about a sexual relationship with
 your mother, Walter?" Margaret Kelly asked.
 
      "Is that what she told you?" Walter raised his eyebrows.  "That
 I fantasized about it?"
 
      "Is there something else I should know?"
 
      Walter hesitated.  "No.  No, that's it.  I fantasize about it." 
 He grinned.  "Yeah, I've been fantasizing about it a lot these days."
 
      Margaret squirmed on the chair across from his, tapping the
 pencil tip meditatively on the note pad.  She rembered the call she'd
 received that morning, and the frantic sound in Patty Wayne's voice
 as she'd begged Margaret to accept a counseling appointment with
 Walter that afternoon.
 
      Walter had seemed pretty sullen when he'd entered her home a few
 minutes before, and followed her into her small office in the rear of
 her house.  Margaret now considered the leering tone of his voice and
 wondered if he had, in fact, already fucked his mother.
 
      It was possible.  It wouldn't bother Margaret in the least, if
 it were true.  To the school board and the local PTA, Margaret came
 across as a modestly-priced counselor who occasionally helped out
 boys who were having problems in school.  What the school board
 didn't know was that Margaret helped out most of these boys by
 letting them fuck her.  The only reason she ever worked as a
 counselor was that it gave a chance to suck and fuck with lads just
 about Walter's age.
 
      Margaret was thirty-six now, and looked at least four years
 younger.  She was petite with dark brown hair had a girlish body
 highlighted by extremely large, very suckable tits.  Margaret had
 married when she was very young, birthing one child, Henry, who was
 now almost sixteen.  Her husband had divorced her three years ago. 
 Margaret lived off of his alimony checks and the money she made from
 counseling, which wasn't much.
 
      The ironic thing was that her husband had divorced her because
 of her extremely strong appetite for sucking and fucking young studs.
 A young stud's cock, Margaret felt, stiffened much more rapidly than
 that of his older counterpart, and invariably sprayed more hot, tasty
 cum juice into her mouth or pussy or asshole.  Young boys always
 fucked very hard and fast, which was just how Margaret liked getting
 her pussy pounded, and they were always eager to keep fucking and
 cumming all night.
 
      Margaret had seduced many troubled lads that the school board,
 PTA or principal's office had referred to her.  The best cure for
 most young male problems, she felt, was a healthy dose of fucking and
 cocksucking.  It was rare for any boy to act up at home or at school
 if he was getting the cum sucked out of his cock on a daily basis. 
 Margaret was always eager to relieve a lad in this fashion,
 particularly if his cock was long and fat.  The bulge in Walter's
 pants indicated that he had a long, fat one too.
 
      Margaret had always had a special appetite for sucking the jizz
 out of unusually big, stiff hard-ons.  Her husband had been well-
 endowed, and the glue that had held their marriage together had been
 her penchant for nightly cocksucking.  Now, Margaret felt violently
 aroused by even the faint possibility that young Walter had actually
 fucked his own mother.  The most intensely satisfying fantasies she'd
 ever had, which she'd suppressed religiously, were those of teaching
 her own, innocent Henry how to suck and fuck.
 
      "I might be missing the point, Walter," Margaret said.  "When
 your mother called me this morning, she told me that her problem with
 you has become very serious.  She said that you've frankly confessed
 a sexual interest in her, and that you've even tried to initiate a
 sexual relationship with her.  Now, I get the impression that this
 incestuous contact has progressed farther than your mother indicated.
 Is that true?"
 
      "Whatever she told you."  Walter shrugged.
 
      "Do you fuck your mother, Walter?"
 
      Walter just stared at her.  Margaret moved her chair closer.
 
      "It's perfectly all right with me if you do, Walter.  Mother-son
 incestuous contact is far more prevalent than most people think.  The
 cock of a boy your age can grow stiff many times each day with a
 little provocation.  Boys your age can be very sexually aggressive,
 and it's natural for them to make strong passes at available women,
 especially their mothers.  I want to assure you, Walter, that any
 admission you make to me won't leave this room.  Now tell me the
 truth.  You have fucked your mother, haven't you?"
 
      Walter hesitated only a moment longer.  Then he smiled.
 
      "Yeah, I have."
 
      "Who initiated this sexual contact?" Margaret asked, as she felt
 her cunt getting wet and hot.
 
      "I did.  She didn't mind it much, though.  She thinks she did. 
 That's why she sent me here."
 
      "Why did you want to fuck your own mother, Walter?  Were you
 just so horny that any pussy would do, or did you have a particular
 craving to fuck her?"
 
      "Both."
 
      "Would you say that you have a very high sex drive, Walter?"
 
      Margaret picked up the pencil and pretended to take notes.
 
      "Very."
 
      "Do you masturbate a lot?  How many times a day do you jack off,
 on the average?"
 
      "Five or six."
 
      "That's a great deal, Walter.  Do you always squirt out a great
 deal of semen when you cum?  Or do you sometimes just shoot out a
 small amount?"
 
      "Always a lot."
 
      Margaret felt her cunt throbbing.  She stared at the lad's
 crotch, realizing that the dirty talk, as she'd intended, was giving
 him a magnificent looking hard-on.
 
      "I can't help noticing that your prick is getting stiff right,
 now, Walter.  Does that happen frequently?"
 
      "Yes."
 
      "It feels good when your cock gets big and stiff, doesn't it?"
 
      "Yeah."
 
      Margaret put down her notebook.
 
      "Walter, I'm going to ask you a special favor now.  I'd like you
 to take down your pants and show your hard cock to me.  I think my
 counseling to you would be more valuable if I could see and inspect
 your cock.  There might be something wrong with it."
 
      Walter stood up, leering at the busty brunette knowingly as he
 opened his belt and pulled down his zipper.  He stepped out of his
 shoes, then let his pants drop to his ankles, stepping out of them,
 leaving him naked from the waist down except for his socks.
 
      "Oh, Walter.  Why, it's just incredibly huge!"
 
      The cock was enormous.  It stood out of his cock fur like a
 baseball bat, nine inches long and very thick, so stiff that it was
 bucking and throbbing uncontrollably up and down.  Margaret's mouth
 watered as she ogled the fat, meaty cock knob, imagining how it would
 puff up just before he shot a big load of juice down some lucky
 cocksucker's throat.
 
      "I'd better take a closer look, Walter."
 
      Margaret stood up, her pussy throbbing as she stood, then knelt
 before her young client.  She suppressed a groan as she stared at the
 mammoth prick pulsing in front of her face.  Margaret pinched his
 spongy cock head, running her fingers all over his cock meat.  The
 prick bucked and pulsed in front of her face.
 
      "It looks perfectly healthy," she said breathlessly.  "Does it
 feel good when I touch your hard cock like that?"
 
      "Yeah."
 
      Margaret wrapped her hand around the root of his huge, throbbing
 prick.  Lewdly she started jacking the big cock up and down, slow and
 hard.  She stared at the cock knob, watching the piss hole open up to
 spit out little droplets of cream.
 
      "Does this feel better, Walter?  Is this how you touch your
 prick when you jack off?"
 
      "I think it would feel a lot better if you sucked on it, Mrs.
 Kelly."
 
      "That might be therapeutic too, Walter.  To see your reaction."
 
      By now a great deal of sticky, milky cock juice had dribbled out
 of Walter's cock head.  Margaret pressed her palm on the cock knob,
 coating it with her spunk.  She slid her fist to the root of his
 prick, holding it in position.  Then, with a little smacking sound,
 she pressed her lips to the tip of his cock.
 
      His fuck organ tasted very good, and so did the cum ooze. 
 Margaret could already picture herself eagerly gulping down a heavy
 cum blast when she made him pop his rocks.  She shut her eyes,
 concentrating on the taste and sensations of cocksucking.  Gradually
 she let her lips part, slurping in inch after inch of his huge,
 throbbing prick.
 
      Walter looked down at her, excited by the spectacle of the
 brunette inhaling his big prick.  Margaret stopped when her lips were
 stretched to the bursting point around the aching thickness of his
 cock.  She immediately started sucking very hard, knowing how much a
 young boy enjoys a hard, wet cocksucking.  Walter shuddered with
 pleasure, clutching her head with both hands.
 
      "Hard," he panted.  "Do it really hard!"
 
      Margaret pictured Walter's mother on her knees like this,
 hungrily slurping the tasty stiffness of her own son's prick.  The
 image was arousing to her; she would have to make a point of asking
 Walter for the details of his incestuous contact with his mother.
 
      Then, Margaret again found herself thinking of giving head like
 this to her own son, Henry.  It was her most forbidden fantasy, and
 one that violently aroused her as she considered it now.  Margaret's
 cheeks flushed brightly as she slurped on Walter's cock, determined
 to milk a really big load of cum juice out of his prick.
 
      "Harder," Walter panted.  "Oh, shit, you suck my cock so good!"
 
      Margaret started beating his cock as she sucked, whipping her
 strong right hand tirelessly up and down his huge, aching cock meat. 
 Her cocksucking sounds grew progressively louder, as she eagerly
 sucked his big, blood-laden cock.  Hot, milky cock juice dribbled out
 of the cock know, oozing onto her tongue.  Margaret lapped it up,
 sucking and slurping, her belly aching as she imagined herself
 gulping down a really rich load of jizz.
 
      After five minutes of steady hard, wet sucking, Walter's prick
 had grown as hard as iron.  He writhed as he stood over her, wincing
 and pulling her hair, on the verge of spraying her tonsils with
 spunk.
 
      Margaret alternated rapidly between puffing her cheeks up and
 caving them in again, hungrily sucking cock as hard as she could. 
 Her fist was a blur as it whipped up and down his cock, wildly
 jacking Walter's fuck organ into her mouth.
 
      Now the prick throbbed violently on the roof of her mouth, ready
 to burst.
 
      "I'm cumming!" Walter gasped suddenly.  "Suck my cock, Mrs.
 Kelly, suck my stiff fucking cock!  Oh fuck, cuummiiinnnggg!"
 
      An incredible geyser of cum juice blasted out of his piss hole,
 spurting on the roof of the cream-starved mother's mouth.  The first
 burst was followed by spurt after spurt of hot, tasty cum.
 
      Margaret whimpered, flaring her nostrils to breathe around the
 donkey cock thickness of Walter's erupting prick.  The cock juice
 kept spraying out of his cock head, shooting onto her tonsils,
 filling her stomach with cream.  Margaret clung ecstatically to the
 disgorging prick, slurping and gulping, determined to nurse every
 drop of cum out of Walter's balls.
 
      At last his orgasm subsided.  Margaret took the big, wet prick
 out of her mouth and stared at it intently.  It was still stiff. 
 Looking at it made her pussy tingle.  How good it would be to allow a
 hung lad who'd fucked his own mother to ram her pussy too.
 
      "Well.  That was very therapeutic, Walter," Margaret said
 huskily.  "You certainly were correct in saying that your prick
 always shoots off plentifully when you orgasm.  I can't help noticing
 that your cock is still extremely stiff now.  Do you often need to
 cum twice in a row to relieve the painful stiffness in your fuck
 organ?"
 
      "Yeah," Walter sighed.  "Sometimes even more than that."
 
      "Then let's try another therapy exercise, Walter.  You can fuck
 my pussy, right here on the floor, and you can think about your
 mother when you're doing it.  Does that sound like an appealing idea
 to you?"
 
      "Yeah."
 
      "All right, Walter.  Let me just take off my clothes."
 
      The wanton brunette rose to her feet, never taking her eyes off
 of Walter's enormous cock.  Quickly she stripped naked, anticipating
 the effect that the unveiling of her petite, voluptuous body would
 have on Walter's cock.
 
      Walter groaned, staring at her, his prick pulsing harder than
 ever.  Margaret was proud of her body.  She was petite all over,
 except for her tits, which were extremely large and firm as they had
 been when she was in her teens.  If it had not been for her position
 as a therapist and mother, the brunette would have spent much more
 time teasing men with her mouth-watering chest size.  She enjoyed
 doing her errands in a tight t-shirt without a bra, letting men watch
 as her sumptuous tits quivered and bounced as she moved.
 
      Walter was ogling her big tits now.  Margaret stretched out on
 the floor, wiggling her tight little ass into a good humping position
 on the carpet.  She continued to stare hungrily at the lad's immense
 prick as she cocked and spread her girlish thighs high and wide.
 
      "Go ahead, Walter.  Get on top of me.  Fuck my juicy cunt."
 
      Walter dropped to his knees, his mammoth fuck pole jerking and
 twitching over her belly.  He held his prick in hand, then fit the
 spongy cock tip into her tight, wet pussy.  Margaret looked down,
 eagerly watching the fat, blue-veined fuck pole disappearing into her
 cunt.
 
      "Is my cunt tight enough for you, Walter?  Do you like fucking
 my pussy as much has you like fucking your horny mother?"
 
      Walter didn't answer.  He hovered on straight arms above her,
 his knees spread between her legs, his ass cheeks flexing as he
 fucked his long, achey cockshaft deeper into her pussy.  The giant
 prick was really stretching her now.  Margaret gasped with pleasure,
 feeling the battering ram hard-on plowing relentlessly into her.  She
 started wiggling and humping at the same time, helping her young
 client bury his cock completely in her spasming, clasping cuntslit.
 
      "It feels so good, Walter!  Unnggh!  Fuck me deep, honey.  Fuck
 me like you fuck your mother, honey.  I need a good, hard fucking
 too!"
 
      Walter sprawled on top of her, crushing her tits under his
 chest.  His hand came down, clawing the sides of her ass cheeks. 
 Then he started fucking fast and hard, banging her blushing little
 ass onto the floor, drilling her tight pussy with long, skewering
 strokes of his blood-laden cock.
 
      "Is this how you fuck your mother, Walter?  Unhggh!  Oh, fuck,
 my pussy's so wet!  Do it harder now!  Feels so fucking good!"
 
      She raised her legs as high as she could, draping her ankles
 over his shoulders, completely opening her gooey fuck hole for the
 womb-reaching thrusts of his cock.  Walter grimaced as he loomed over
 her, experiencing the delicious, spasming tightness of her pussy. 
 Faster and faster he rammed his cock into her belly, reaming out her
 cunt completely with every stroke.
 
      "You like fucking, don't you, Walter?  Unghh!  That's why you
 fucked your mother, isn't it?  You just wanted a nice, tight pussy to
 fuck.  Isn't that right?"
 
      Walter just kept on grunting and humping, banging his stiff
 prick into her pussy.  Margaret humped and wiggled to meet his
 strokes, shuddering every time the stiff cock reached the innermost
 depths of her cunt.
 
      "Do you have a horny mother, Walter?  Does she like the way you
 fuck her as much as I do?  It's nice to have a mom who's willing to
 fuck you, isn't?  You don't have to go out and find a willing girl
 when your prick gets hard.  You can just stay home and fuck your
 mother's own cunt."
 
      Margaret flexed her pussy muscles, making her narrow fucking
 channel grip and milk around the lad's pounding cock.  By now Walter
 was fucking as hard as he could.  He panted hoarsely on her neck,
 violently aroused by both her tight, gripping pussy and the obscene
 things she said about his fucking relationship with his mother.
 
      Margaret could feel her pussy gripping and flexing
 uncontrollably now.  It was time to stop teasing Walter about his
 mother, and to instead concentrate on making herself cum.
 
      "Unngggh!  My pussy's so wet now, Walter!  Unggh!  Fuck my cunt
 hole, fuck it super hard!"
 
      Walter fucked harder still, ramming his hips down, pounding his
 gigantic prick into the gushing sheath of her pussy.  Margaret humped
 frantically to meet his strokes, her giant tits jiggling under his
 chest.  Then her pussy started to suck and throb, and she knew she
 was on the verge of an extremely hard cum.
 
      "Fuck my pussy, fuck my horny little pussy!" she squealed.  "I'm
 cumming, Walter!  Cuuummmiiinnngggg!"
 
      The cum was long and hard, pounding through her naked body,
 making her cock-stuffed fuck hole ripple lusciously around the
 probing length of Walter's prick.  Walter kept fucking as fast as he
 could, his meaty cockshaft growing to total stiffness inside her
 belly.  Then he rammed his big cock to the hilt, and Margaret knew he
 was cumming too.
 
      "Oh, Mrs. Kelly!"
 
      The second load of whit, sticky cock juice sprayed out of his
 cock tip, spouting and streaming torrentially into her cunt. 
 Margaret shuddered with pleasure as she felt it blasting into her
 pussy, anointing the itchy walls of her cunt hole with a soothing
 tide of jizz.
 
      "That's a good boy, Walter.  Shoot it all out."
 
      She humped, wiggled and flexed her fucking muscles, contracting
 her pussy around his jism-squirting cock, helping the hung lad shoot
 out every drop.
 
      At last the cum was over.  Walter groaned and flopped off of her
 body, his cock pulling out of her pussy with a soft, popping sound. 
 Margaret's cunt felt very wet and swollen, with a big puddle leaking
 out of her hairy slit onto the carpet.
 
      "Walter, you made an awfully big mess down there," she said. 
 "Hasn't your mother taught you not to leave a mess?  You're supposed
 to clean up the messes you make, Walter.  With your tongue."
 
      Walter stared at her.  Margaret spread her thighs again, giving
 him a mouthwatering spread-beaver view of her pussy.  She dipped her
 finger into her red, cum-dripping hole, darting it salaciously in and
 out.
 
      "It's all hot and creamy," she panted.  "I want you to clean it
 up for me, right now.  I can't put on my panties when there's so much
 cock juice in my pussy.  I want you to give my pussy a good cleaning
 with your tongue."
 
      Walter still stared at her, shocked and excited that a woman who
 seemed so formal at first glance could voice such obscenities.  Then
 he smiled and stretched out on his stomach between her legs. 
 Margaret stared at him eagerly, watching as he pressed his mouth to
 her throbbing pussy.  Then Walter started licking and lapping,
 sluicing his tongue up and down between the swollen folds of her
 pussy, licking up his own cum.
 
      "That's a good boy, Walter.  Unggh!  Your like licking pussy,
 don't you?  I'll bet your mommy likes it when you suck her cunt too."
 
      Walter was too busy licking and sucking to reply.  He thrust his
 tongue deep inside her pouty-lipped hole, shamelessly sucking his own
 cock juice out of the depths of her cuntal sheath.  Margaret held his
 head and worked her ass slowly, fucking her throbbing pussy on his
 face.
 
      "I think your only problem is that you're so horny, Walter.  I
 know just how to help you with your problem with your mother. 
 Whenever your cock gets hard, you can just visit me and fuck me
 instead.  I won't mind at all.  I'll like it."
 
      Walter nodded, busily licking and lapping, sucking the cum off
 her pussy until the horny little fuck hole gleamed only with cunt
 oils and spit.  He moved his mouth higher, beginning to suck directly
 on her clit.  Margaret whimpered, holding his head, keeping the
 tongue and lip action where she wanted it.  But, as much as Walter
 delighted her, her unconscious mind was already straying to another,
 more forbidden fantasy.
 
      She still wanted to fuck her own son.
 
 
 
Chapter Four:
 
      "Mom!  I don't have any clothes on!"
 
      "That's all right, Henry.  Mommy wants to have a little talk
 with you."
 
      It was late that night.  Margaret had deliberately entered her
 son's room without knocking, hoping to catch him in the nude.  She'd
 almost succeeded.  Henry had just come out of the shower, but he was
 still holding the towel, and he automatically covered his crotch with
 it when the door opened.  He now sat bashfully on the edge of the
 bed, looking expectantly at his mom.
 
      Margaret stepped into the pool of light cast by the lamp on his
 nightstand.  She'd dressed carefully for the occasion, in a crotch-
 length negligee that clearly revealed her spectacularly voluptuous
 body through the transparent fabric.  Henry's eyes bulged as he saw
 his mom's big tits bouncing and jiggling.  It was the effect Margaret
 had desired.
 
      She'd finally made up her mind to seduce her own son, to teach
 innocent Henry the joys of sliding his stiff cock into his own
 mother's cunt.  Walter obviously hadn't been harmed by the intense
 pleasure of fucking his own mother.  She couldn't imagine that Henry
 would be either.
 
      "That....that's a real nice nightie, Mom," Henry said, blushing.
 He was short and slightly built, with a cherubic face that made him
 look even younger than he was.  "It sure doesn't leave much to the
 imagination."
 
      "Thank you, Henry.  I guess I'll take that as a compliment.  I'm
 sorry if I startled you.  Do you mind if I just stay and talk to you
 for a minute?"
 
      "Sure."
 
      Margaret sat beside her son on the bed, trying not to look at
 his crotch.  "You know, you're getting to be a very handsome young
 man, Henry.  Why, you're nearly full grown now.  It's been a long
 time since I've had a really frank discussion with you about the
 things you're thinking about.  Deep down inside, I suppose I still
 think of you as my little boy."
 
      "That's okay," Henry shrugged.
 
      "Henry, let me ask you a personal question:  Do you think a lot
 about sex these days?"
 
      Margaret shifted sideways on the bed, her tits jiggling under
 the negligee, staring at at him.  Henry blushed and looked away.
 
      "Well, yeah.  I guess I do."
 
      "I'm sure it's been quite awhile since you reached puberty,
 Henry.  But I've never really had a frank sexual discussion with you.
 I suppose that's ironic.  I discuss these things with clients who are
 your age all the time."  Margaret hesitated.  "Henry, are you still a
 virgin?"
 
      "Jeez, Mom."
 
      "You can be candid with Mommy, Henry."
 
      Henry shrugged.  "Yeah, I am."
 
      "Have you had any girlfriends in school yet?"
 
      "Not really."
 
      "You probably wish you weren't a virgin, Henry.  Isn't that
 right?"  Margaret squirmed closer to him, resting a maternal hand on
 his thigh.  "Do you have a lot of fantasies about fucking a woman's
 pussy, Henry?  If you'll excuse my language."
 
      "I guess."
 
      "And do you masturbate a great deal when you have these
 fantasies?"
 
      Henry's blush grew brighter.  Margaret thought she could see
 something stiffening under the towel.
 
      "Yeah."
 
      "Every day?"
 
      "Yeah."
 
      "It must be very frustrating, Henry.  On one hand, a boy your
 age is equipped with a penis that stiffens easily at the slightest
 provocation, that would like nothing better than to be rammed deep
 inside a tight, willing cunt.  On the other hand, how can you know
 what to do with a willing pussy without special tutoring?  Have you
 ever really seen a naked pussy, Henry?"
 
      "No."
 
      "That must very frustrating."  Margaret smiled, stroking his
 thigh.  "Henry would you do Mommy a special favor for you?"
 
      "What?"
 
      "Would you take the towel out of the way, so Mommy can take a
 look at your penis?"
 
      "Jeez, Mom!"
      "I just want to see if it's normally developed, Henry.  See? 
 I'm very willing to teach you about sex, honey.  I think it's part of
 my duty to you as a mother.  Don't be shy, Henry.  Please."
 
      Henry stared at his mother for several seconds, then shrugged
 and took off the towel.  Margaret shuddered as she immediately felt 
 her pussy growing very wet and hot.  Her son's cock was already half
 stiff, and it was extremely large.  Despite his slight, boyish build,
 he was every bit as incredibly well-hung as Walter.
 
      "Oh, Henry.  You've really got a big one."
 
      Margaret slid off the bed, kneeling in front of her naked son. 
 She spread his knees to inspect his cock more closely, her mouth
 watering with her need for cocksucking.  Tenderly she cupped the
 rubbery, half-swollen cock on her fingers, pinching the cock tip
 lightly.  Henry's prick immediately began to stiffen in rapid jerks. 
 Soon it was as hard as iron, standing straight out of his cock fur,
 pulsing and jerking in front of her face.
 
      "Oh, Henry.  It really turns you on when Mommy touches your
 cock, doesn't it?  Does it feel good when your cock is all stiff?"
 
      "I....I guess.  This is kind of embarrassing, though."
 
      "You don't need to feel embarrassed, Henry.  I'm your mother."
 
      Margaret wrapped her fingers around the base of his cock,
 staring intently at the fat, red knob of his huge, stiff prick.  She
 kept staring at his cockhead as she jacked his cock slow and hard. 
 The piss hole opened up, emitting pearly droplets of cum.
 
      "Your cock's leaking Henry.  Do you think you've got an awful
 lot of cum stored up in your balls?"
 
      "I guess."
 
      "It must hurt to have such a big, stiff prick and to have your
 balls all swollen with a backed-up load of cum.  Do you often have to
 jack off several times in a row, Henry, to make your cock feel
 better?"
 
      "Yeah."
 
      Margaret tightened her fingers around his cock base.  Then she
 started fisting his meaty prick organ fast and hard, staring at the
 tip of his cock ,watching the cum juice dribble out as she gave him a
 fast, expert hand job.
 
      "Is this how you jack off, Henry?  Is Mommy's hand making your
 big cock feel better?"
 
      "Oh, Mom!  Mommy!"
 
      "I had a very unusual counseling case today, Henry.  The boy's
 name is Walter.  He's perfectly normal in most respects, but he
 happens to enjoy fucking his own mother.  From what I heard, his
 mother enjoys it too.  I'm not sure how I should counsel him, honey. 
 I'm not sure that there's anything wrong with a mother letting her
 own son fuck her pussy every night.
 
      "When a young cock get hard, after all, it craves immediate
 relief.  Who but a loving, horny mother would be most willing to let
 the boy shove his stiff, aching organ into her pussy, and relieve its
 stiffness by shooting out a big load of cum?  Do you think it's a sin
 for a mother to fuck her son, Henry?"
 
      "I don't know."
 
      "Your prick is extremely stiff right now, Henry.  I think you
 enjoy the way I'm jacking on it.  But I think what you really need to
 relieve the extreme stiffness in your cock is some long, wet sucking.
 I happen to be willing to put your cock in my mouth, dear, and suck
 out your load of cum.  Would you think it so awful if I willingly
 gave a cocksucking session to my very own son?"
 
      Henry didn't answer.  Margaret jacked on his enormous prick
 harder, making more cock juice ooze out of the cock tip.  She lowered
 her head, pressing her lips on his cockhead in a lewd, sucking kiss. 
 Henry sighed, his cock throbbing wildly.  The wanton mother licked
 and jacked her son's prick for several seconds, until the mushroom-
 shaped crown glistened with spit.
 
      "You do want Mommy to suck your prick, don't you?"
 
      "Yes, Mom!  Oh, please!"
 
      "That's a good boy."
 
      Her words trailed off as she again lowered her head, this time
 sliding her son's fuck organ into her mouth.  Henry had such a big
 one that she really had to stretch her lips to accommodate it. 
 Margaret suppressed the gagging reflex, determinedly sliding her wet,
 sucking lips onto the blood-beating hardness of his cock.  She
 stopped forcing her head down when she had over a third of his
 immense cock jammed between her lips.
 
      The horny mother started sucking, puckering her cheeks to
 increase the suctioning pressure around his cock meat.  Henry's prick
 tasted very good, pulsing rhythmically on the roof of her mouth. 
 Margaret listened to her own slurping, smacking sounds of cocksucking
 contentment.  Her pussy creamed to the thought that she was actually
 giving head to her own flesh and blood.
 
      Margaret shut her eyes, concentrating on the blow job, on the
 taste and feel of the huge cock in her mouth.  She started sucking
 cock much harder, her cheeks reddening with the intensity of her cock
 sucking.  Her tongue tirelessly swirled and laved over his hear-
 shaped cock crown, basting it with spit, lapping up the salty cum
 juice that oozed constantly from the little hole in the tip.
 
      "Harder," Henry pleaded.  He clutched his mother's head with
 both hands, wincing as he felt the pressure building in his cock. 
 "Unggggh!  Feels so good, Mommy!  Oh, please, keep sucking my prick!"
 
      Margaret sucked harder and harder, repeatedly almost gagging
 herself with the pulsing stiffness of her young son's hard-on. 
 Eagerly she jammed her face toward his hairy crotch, trying to inhale
 even more of his cock meat.  The prick pulsed wildly, beating on the
 roof of her mouth.  Margaret's pussy ached as she thought of how much
 cock juice would soon be spewing out of her horny son's tremendous
 prick, spraying down her throat.
 
      Shamelessly, the horny mother started bobbing her head up and
 down, fucking her mouth with her boy's stiff prick.  She tightened
 her finger around the root, jacking his cock hard and fast.  So much
 spunk was oozing out of the piss hole now that she knew his orgasm as
 only seconds away.  Impulsively Margaret moved her left hand under
 his hips, between his writhing ass cheeks, remembering a special
 trick she knew to help a man really shoot off big.
 
      Her son's asshole felt tight and hot.  Henry yelped in surprise
 as his mom pushed her left forefinger into his asshole, worming it
 deep inside the rubbery-sucking ass tunnel.  Then she started jacking
 off his shit hole, keeping the pressure on his prostate.  Her right
 fist tore furiously up and down his huge, throbbing prick.  Wetly her
 cockmeat-stuffed mouth clung to his cock, sucking as hard as she
 could.
 
      "I'm cumming, Mom!  Oh fuck, cuummmiiinnngggg!"
 
      The giant cock started spraying out juice.  Hot gobs of rich,
 salty jism blasted out of his boner, vaulting onto the roof of her
 mouth, running down her throat.  Margaret mewled happily as her mouth
 was drenched with the salty outpouring of her son's cum cream.
 
      It was rich and delicious, the best tasting cock juice she'd
 ever sucked out of a cock in her life.  Deliriously, Margaret clung
 to her son's erupting hard-on, sucking and jacking on it, shuddering
 as the cum juice sprayed onto her tonsils, giving the full belly of
 cock milk she'd craved from the beginning.
 
      "Oh Mommy!  Mommy, that was so good!"
 
      At last Margaret raised her head, letting her boy's giant prick
 slide wetly out of her mouth.  She looked up at him, still hungrily
 jacking his hard-on.  It was still extremely stiff, more than hard
 enough to slide deeply into his own mother's cunt.
 
      "You have a good cock to suck, honey.  Mommy liked that as much
 as you did," Margaret said.  "Do you feel guilty about letting your
 mother suck you off like that?"
 
      "No.  Not really."
 
      "Because I'm willing to do it a lot more often from now on,
 darling, if it will make your cock feel better."  Margaret ran her
 tongue around the corners of her mouth, lapping up the cum.  "Would
 you like Mommy to give you a good cocksucking every day, honey?"
 
      "Y-yes, Mom."
 
      "Your cock is still extremely stiff now, honey," Margaret
 observed, lewdly fisting the boner.  "I think you need to shoot more
 cum out of your prick.  Honey, sucking all that cream out of your
 cock has made Mommy's pussy awfully wet and horny.  Would you do
 Mommy a favor, baby, and let me teach you about fucking now?"
 
      Henry gulped nervously, nodding.  The wanton mother rose to her
 feet.  She stared at her child's giant pussy-pleaser as she took off
 the negligee, revealing her naked body.  Then she stretched out on
 her back on the bed, ready to fuck her son.
 
      "I've got big titties, don't I, Henry?"  She slid her hands up
 her waist, cupping her giant, stiff-nippled tit melons.  "Would you
 like to nurse on Mommy's tits for awhile, before I teach you about
 fucking?"
 
      Henry nodded.  He sprawled on top of his mother, his wet cock
 throbbing on her thigh.  Hungrily he lowered his face to her huge,
 creamy-white tits, sucking one stiff nipple deeply between his lips. 
 Margaret groaned with pleasure, cupping his head, letting him slurp
 on her tits as much as he liked.
 
      "You like sucking Mommy's titties, don't you, honey?  Does it
 remind you of when you were a little boy, honey?  I'll bet you wish
 you could suck hot milk out of Mommy's tits right now."
 
      Henry nodded, going from tit to tit, sucking on her huge tits. 
 The joy of tit-sucking finally seemed to be too much for him. 
 Abruptly he raised his head, and then he made a clumsy attempt to
 mount his naked mother, crawling up between her splayed thighs and
 trying to put his cock in.
 
      "Not so fast, darling," Margaret giggled.  "Here.  Be a good
 boy, just kneel between my legs.  Mommy will teach you all about
 fucking."
 
      Henry obeyed his mother, kneeling, his giant fuck organ pulsing
 over her dense, black-haired pussy triangle.  Margaret wiggled her
 hot little ass into a good humping position.  She cocked her girlish
 legs as high as she could, until her knees were nearly up to her
 shoulders, and her dripping-wet, pouty-lipped pussy was wide open for
 her son.  Margaret took hold of his prick, drawing him forward with
 it, nudging the tip into her gooey cunt.
 
      "Go ahead, honey.  Time to fuck your mother now."
 
      Henry spread his knees apart, supporting his shoulders on
 straight arms.  He looked down, watching his cock going into his
 mother's snug, clinging cunt.  Eagerly he started to thrust his ass,
 driving his giant cockshaft into her pussy.  Margaret whimpered and
 bit her lip as her wet cunt hole stretched to admit his cock.
 
      "Oh God, Henry, you've got such a big one!"
 
      Margaret released his cock, now that there was no longer any
 danger of it slipping out.  Instead she concentrated on her wiggling,
 humping motions, doing her best to help her inexperienced son shove
 his cock all the way up her cunt.
 
      "Does it feel good, Henry?  You like fucking Mommy, don't you? 
 Do you like the way Mommy's pussy sucks your big cock?"
 
      Henry nodded.  A fast learner, the horny youth was already
 catching on to the rhythm of fucking.  Henry flexed his ass cheeks,
 driving his big prick deeper into his mother's pussy.  Margaret
 looked down again, excited to watch the meaty fuck pole disappearing
 between the clinging, swollen lips of her very horny cunt.
 
      "Now ram it in, Henry," she panted.  "Don't worry about hurting
 me.  Mommy loves getting fucked with big cocks.  Shove it in, honey,
 right now!"
 
      Henry collapsed on top of his horny mother, crushing her big
 tits under his chest.  His hips came down hard, spearing every inch
 of his immense cock into the welcoming tightness of her pussy.  Then
 he started fucking his mother hard and fast, overcome with his own
 eagerness, panting on her shoulder as he rammed his prick rapidly in
 and out of her wet, spasming cunt.
 
      "That's a good boy, Henry!"  Margaret panted.  She threw her
 legs together, locking them around his back.  Then she started
 humping her ass in a frenzy of fuck passion, eagerly pistoning her
 throbbing pussy onto his cock.  "Unggh!  Mommy loves your big prick,
 honey!  Ungggh!  Oh, please, oh, shit, fuck me with it!  Mommy's cunt
 so horny!  Fuck your mother, fuck your mother hard!"
 
      Henry's dazed expression showed that he liked fucking his
 mother's tight pussy even more than he liked having his cock sucked. 
 He started fucking harder and harder, his cock pulsing inside her
 pussy, so long and fat that it easily reached her wom with every
 stroke.  Margaret felt like her whole body was burning up.  Her pussy
 sucked and spasmed uncontrollably, delighted to have a big, fat prick
 like her son's to suck on.
 
      "You're making Mommy cum, honey!  Unngggh!  Really hard now,
 Henry!  Move your ass!  Fuck your mother just as hard as you can!"
 
      Henry abandoned all restraint, feverishly pounding his erected
 cockshaft into the gooey sheath of his mother's pussy.  Then the
 naked mother and son were humping in rhythmic unison, fast and hard,
 oblivious to everything in the world except the intense pleasure of a
 thick, long pussy-pleaser slamming in and out of a wet, tight, curly-
 haired cunt.
 
      "I'm cumming, Henry!"  Their bellies were slapping sweatily
 together, and the bed springs squeaked obscenely with the torrid
 energy of their humping.  "Ungggh!  Harder, lover!  Fuck your mother,
 fuck your horny mother!  I'm cumming, cuuummmiiinnngggg!"
 
      It was one of the most violent orgasms of her life.  Her pussy
 rippled uncontrollably into orgasm, spasming and contracting around
 the hammering cockshaft of her hung son's prick.  Margaret could even
 feel the cum in her asshole, the puckered little shit ring that now
 burned and itched as her pussy undulated around Henry's skewering
 prick.
 
      "Oh, Mom!  I'm cumming again, Mom!"
 
      Henry started fucking harder than ever, his cock as hard as
 steel, guiding his naked mother through the intensity of her orgasm. 
 Suddenly Margaret felt the cum juice flooding out of his hard-on,
 spraying torrentially into her pussy.  Deeply it blasted into her
 cunt, soothing the itchy inner walls with a creamy tide of jizz.
 
      "That's a good boy," Margaret panted.  "Yes, you can cum in
 Mommy's pussy.  Go ahead, baby, shoot out all that hot cum!"
 
      Margaret flexed her fucking muscles, shamelessly making her
 tight pussy nurse every droplet of cock juice out of her son's
 enormous cock.  Henry kept fucking and cumming, draining his balls
 completely in his mother's pussy.  Then he sprawled flat on top of
 her, his prick still stiff and throbbing in her cunt.
 
      Where it belonged, Margaret thought.  Where it would be a lot
 more often from now on.
 
 
Chapter Five:
 
      Margaret stood at the kitchen counter the next morning, smiling
 as she prepared the tuna salad sandwich that her son would take to
 school.  Four more times her hung, horny child had fucked her the
 night before, shooting load after load into her wet, juicy pussy.  
 Margaret felt more sexually satisfied than she had been in months. 
 She was naked now, eager to teach her son more about sex before he
 left for the day.  No matter how often he satisfied the wet need in
 her pussy, Margaret's cunt always grew hot and itchy for more.
 
      "Hi, Mom."
 
      Margaret turned, smiling at her son.  He wore only a pair of
 pajama bottoms, through which she could see his big cock swinging
 between his legs.  He looked sheepish and embarrassed, but still
 stared hungrily at his mother's body.  Margaret wondered if his cock
 was sore from fucking her cunt so much.
 
      "Good morning, darling.  Give Mommy a nice kiss."
 
      She embraced her son, lewdly, thrusting her tongue into his
 mouth, squeezing his ass.  When Henry finally broke the obscene
 embrace, he had grown a giant, rock-hard boner that now tented
 blatantly through the sheer flannel.
 
      "Did you sleep well after fucking Mommy last night, honey?"
 
      "Yes."
 
      "And you've got another big hot hard-on now."  Margaret shook
 her head, as if humorously exasperated with the constancy of her
 son's sex drive.  "Honestly, you're just incorrigible, Henry.  I
 suppose you'd like Mommy to help you with that big hard-on before you
 go to school today."
 
      Henry just nodded, shy and horny, his cock twitching in his
 pajama bottoms as he stared at his mother's body.  Margaret wrapped
 up the sandwich, then walked out of the kitchen, leading her son back
 to the bedroom.  She hopped on the bed, sprawling on her back and
 spreading her thighs wide apart.
 
      "Take off your pajamas, honey.  Mommy wants to see your big
 cock, again."
 
      Henry obeyed his mother, stepping out of the pajama pants,
 revealing his enormously swollen cock.  Looking at her son's prick
 made Margaret hungry to feel it ramming into her pussy again.  But
 there was something else she'd yet to teach her son.  Any good son,
 she felt, needed to be well-skilled in licking his mother's cunt.
 
      "Look at my pussy, Henry."
 
      Margaret splayed her thighs wide apart, shamelessly displaying
 her wet, hairy fuck hole to her only child.  Henry's cock throbbed
 even harder as he ogled his mother's pussy.  Margaret dipped her
 finger into her furry cunt slit, darting it in and out.
 
      "I know you like Mommy's cunt enough to fuck it, honey," she
 purred.  "Now I want to find out if you like licking it, too.  Have
 any of the boys at school ever talked about cunt licking, darling?"
 
      Henry nodded.
 
      "A lot of boys really like licking wet pussy, Henry.  Some boys
 even like it better than fucking, or getting their cocks sucked.  A
 wet cunt has a natural aroma that most men find very arousing.  I'd
 like to see if you like licking Mommy's cunt too, baby.  Then I'll
 let you fuck me."
 
      The expression on Henry's face told Margaret that he was going
 to be well-suited to a long career as a pussy licker.  He sprawled on
 the bed, moving up to lie between her thighs, facing her wet,
 fragrant pussy.  Margaret took her hand out of the way, giving her
 son ample room to lick and suck.
 
      "Put your mouth on it, Henry.  See how it tastes."
 
      Henry obeyed his mom, pressing his mouth to her wet, swollen,
 pouty-lipped hole.  He groaned, revealing that he liked the taste of
 pussy juice very much indeed.  Henry thrust out his tongue, pushing
 it deep inside his mom's throbbing cunt hole.  Margaret grimaced and
 wiggled her ass as Henry started licking and lapping, sluicing his
 tongue up and down between the pink, juice-oozing folds of her itchy
 little cuntslit.
 
      "You like cunt licking, don't you, Henry?"  Margaret panted. 
 She held his head with both hands, thrusting her ass off the
 mattress, slowing fucking her throbbing cunt hole onto his mouth.  "A
 lot of boys think it tastes kind of fishy.  But I'll bet you like
 licking this kind of fish, don't you?  I'll bet it reminds you of how
 Mommy's pussy smells when you're giving it a good fucking."
 
      Henry nodded, his face buried between his mother's thighs. 
 Without being asked, he moved his hands up, delicately peeling open
 her pussy petals with his fingers.  The interior of her pussy was
 pink, bright, glistening with juice.  Henry swabbed the throbbing
 fuck hole with his tongue, then seemed to notice the fat little bump
 protruding at the top.
 
      "That's my clitty, Henry," his mother panted.  "That's the most
 sensitive part.  Why don't you lick it for your mother?"
 
      Henry obeyed, touching his tongue tentatively to the sensitive,
 achey clit nubbin.  Margaret instantly bucked as if she'd been shot,
 her big tits quivering as she fucked her ass off the bed much harder
 than before.
 
      "That feels so good, Henry!  Unnnggghhh!  Mommy likes getting
 her clit licked and sucked!  Oh, Henry, lick it for Mommy!  Put it in
 your mouth, darling!  Suck Mommy's clitty too!"
 
      Henry straightened two fingers, gently guiding them into the
 narrow, clinging interior of his mother's pussy.  Then he lovingly
 started swabbing her clit with his tongue, basting it with saliva. 
 He took the clit bud between his lips, sucking it, making it swell
 bigger.  Then he settled into a rhythm that his mother found
 extremely pleasurable, sucking her clit as he fucked her pussy with
 his hand.
 
      "Unnggghhh! That's enough!  Fuck your mother now, Henry!  Hurry,
 Henry, put your cock in Mommy's pussy!  Fuck your mother hard!"
 
      Henry rose up, mounting his mother, aiming his throbbing
 cockhead at the well-wetted pussy opening.  Margaret cocked her knees
 up to her shoulders, looking down and watching her son guide in the
 cockmeat.  The cock knob popped into her gooey pussy hole, and then
 the cockshaft.  Then inch after inch of the long, stiff pussy-pleaser
 was boring into her fuck channel, stuffing the mother's cunt to
 bursting with the big, stiff cock she craved.
      "Fuck me, Henry!  Unngggh!  I'm so horny now!  Fuck your mother,
 fuck your horny mother!"
 
      Henry sprawled on top of his naked mother, crushing her tits
 under his chest.  Margaret shuddered, feeling the tremendous fuck
 pole stabbing to the hilt in her pussy.  She wrapped her legs around
 his back, humping fast and hard.  Henry met her rhythm, fucking his
 huge, achey cock in and out of her cunt.
 
      His fucking was especially satisfying right after the licking. 
 His tongue and fingers had made her pussy so hot and drippy, and now
 it was intensely satisfying to give her hot, hairy cunt hole
 something long and probing to suck on to.
 
      Margaret's cunt now clung to her son's stroking cock with a
 special tightness, nursing around every inch of the cockshaft.  Her
 pussy was so horny and itchy that she couldn't think of anything
 else. She needed a long, violent fucking now, so she could relieve
 herself with a long cum on her son's huge cock.
 
      "Fuck your mother, Henry!"  She bounded her ass frantically off
 the bed, pistoning her tight, throbbing pussy onto his prick as fast
 as she could.  "Really hard now, baby!  Unh, unh, ram it in!  Fuck
 Mommy's pussy just as hard as you can!"
 
      Henry fucked his mother, panting on her shoulder, relentlessly
 spearing his huge, swollen fuck shaft into the gushing depths of her
 pussy.  Her frantic humping rhythm spurred him on.  Soon he was
 stuffing her pussy as fast and deep as he could, utterly reaming her
 fuck channel with every skewering stroke of his prick.
 
      "Fuck your mother, fuck your horny mother!" Margaret chanted. 
 "Unngggh!  Feels so good, Henry!  Mommy's cumming now!  Oh, fuck, oh
 shit, Mommy's cuuummmiiinnnggg!"
 
      Her wet, hairy pussy spasmed and spewed, gushing fuck juice onto
 her son's cock, milking the belly-probing stiffness of his prick. 
 Still Henry didn't let the morning's first load of cum juice flood
 into her belly.  Instead he gripped her ass cheeks and kept fucking
 his mother hard and fast, pounding his cock into her stomach, guiding
 her through the peak of her cum.
 
      And it was in the middle of her orgasm that Margaret realized,
 suddenly, how badly she wanted to feel her son's cock pounding into
 her asshole.  The violent cum had spread through her whole body,
 making her puckered little shit sphincter pulsate in and out as her
 pussy spasmed around his cock.  It had been a long time since
 Margaret had enjoyed a really good ass reaming, particularly with a
 cock nearly as large as her son's.  She wondered if Henry would enjoy
 fucking his mother's asshole as much as he obviously loved sticking
 his big cock into her cunt.
 
      "Take it out, Henry," she panted.  "Mommy wants to show you
 another place to put your prick now."
 
      Henry obeyed his mother, though it obviously hurt him to do so. 
 Margaret stared at the giant cockshaft as it reappeared from her
 furry, clinging pussy.  The prick was red, dripping  with cunt cream,
 stone-hard with its need to shoot out the load clogging his balls. 
 Margaret's asshole tingled and burned as she imagined getting such a
 huge donkey prick stuffed between her ass cheeks.
 
      Margaret rolled over, sprawling on her belly.  She thought of
 telling Henry to fetch some Vaseline from the bathroom, but she
 decided it wasn't necessary.  His cock was dripping with pussy juice,
 after all, and besides, she was too horny to wait.  Henry gasped in
 shock as he watched his horny mother stretch her ass cheeks open with
 her fingers, shamelessly displaying her pink, puckered shit opening
 to her very own son.
 
      "Have you ever heard about asshole fucking, son?" Margaret
 panted.
 
      "Yes."
 
      "I'll bet you have, honey.  Henry, a lot of women really love
 getting their assholes fucked.  I'm no exception.  Why, sometimes my
 little asshole gets just as hot and horny as my pussy.  Do you see
 the way Mommy's asshole is throbbing right now?"
 
      "Yes."
 
      "That means it needs a good fucking.  But it's a lot tighter
 than a pussy, Henry, and you can hurt it more easily.  Ordinarily,
 it's a good idea to use lots and lots of petroleum jelly before you
 try to give a girl a good ass fucking.  You don't have to do that
 now, 'cause Mommy's asshole is so horny."
 
      "Yes, Mom."
 
      "Get on top of me, honey.  Hold your cock in your hand, and then
 put the tip into Mommy's horny little asshole.  I know you're going
 to like fucking my ass.  It's awfully, awfully tight.  But be sure to
 slide your cock in slowly at first.  I'll tell you when you can go
 faster.  All right?"
 
     "Yes, Mom."
 
     Henry mounted his mother, holding his enormous cock in hand,
 fitting the spongy, cum-oozing knob into the rubbery ring of her
 asshole.  Margaret held her ass cheeks wider apart, shuddering as she
 felt the first pressure of his cockhead on her red, horny asshole. 
 Then it was boring into her, stretching her shit sphincter wide,
 making her rubbery ass channel suck and spasm uncontrollably on the
 invading thickness of his cock.
 
      "Unngggh!  Oh, Henry!  You've got a really big prick, honey! 
 Unngggh!  Fuck Mommy's asshole now, baby!  Nice and slow, that's
 right!  Shove your big, stiff boner right up Mommy's ass!"
 
      Henry squirmed on top of her, putting his hips in the best
 position to drill his huge cock lance to the hilt in his mother's
 bowels.  Fucking a tight asshole, he found, felt different from
 fucking a pussy.  The hole was much tighter; he had to thrust more
 slowly, at least at first.  Gradually Henry settled into a steady
 fucking rhythm, packing more of his huge prick up his mother's
 asshole with every stroke.
 
      Now the naked mother's asshole had really begun to itch and
 burn.  The horny shit sphincter was stretched to bursting around her
 young son's cock, sucking on the veined prick shaft as it stabbed
 relentlessly into the depths of her bowels.  There was some pain as
 his cock burrowed into her asshole, but it was more than compensated
 for by a delicious pleasure that grew stronger every second.  Soon
 the horny mother was humping fast and hard, whimpering as she held
 her ass cheeks apart, eagerly fucking her tender, horny asshole onto
 the satisfying stiffness of her son's huge cock.
 
      "Yes, yes, fuck Mommy's asshole, honey!" she gasped.  "You can
 do it hard now!  Unggh!  It doesn't hurt at all!  Oh, please, Henry,
 Mommy's asshole needs fucking so fucking much!"
 
      Henry lunged down hard, packing every inch of his mammoth cock-
 lance into the sucking tightness of his mother's shitter.  For
 several seconds he lay still, letting his prick soak in the spasming
 tightness of her ass tract.  Then he pulled out slowly, withdrawing
 until only the tip of his cock parted her ass ring.  Margaret gasped
 with pleasure as her son again nailed his huge cock into the
 welcoming tightness of her bowels.
 
      "Fuck my asshole, fuck my horny little asshole!"
 
      Henry started giving his mother the violent, deep ass fucking
 she needed.  In and out his big cock sawed, fucking through the
 gripping, rubbery tightness of her shit tube.  Henry panted on her
 shoulder, his balls painfully swollen with an early morning load of
 spunk.  He fucked her tight asshole harder and harder, ramming his
 aching cock through the sucking grip of her bowels.
 
      "Ram it in, Henry!"  Margaret released her jiggling ass buns, no
 longer needing to spread apart to allow her child to ream out her
 bowels.  She thrust both hands under her belly, groping through her
 juice-matted pussy curls until she found her fat, swollen clit. 
 Shamelessly the naked mother started rubbing the tingling little bud,
 jacking off her pussy as her hung son pleasure her asshole with his
 huge, stroking prick.
 
      Henry thrust harder and harder, until he was ass-fucking his
 mother with all the strength in his loins.  Furiously he stabbed his
 cock into her rubbery-gripping asshole, feeling the stretched shit
 sphincter clinging to his cock with every stroke.  His giant fuck
 organ was getting even stiffer, and Margaret sensed that he would
 soon be showering her bowels with jism.  She rubbed her clit in a
 frenzy of incestuous fuck passion, frantically fucking her hot, itchy
 asshole onto her young son's big prick.
 
      "Fuck my asshole, fuck my horny little asshole!" she pleaded. 
 "Ungggh!  You've got such a big one, Henry!  Mommy's asshole loves
 your big prick!  Unngggh!  Cumming now!  Fuck your mother, fuck
 Mommy's horny asshole!  I'm cumming, cuuummmiiinnngggg!"
 
      Her asshole spasmed and throbbed, milking the skewering
 stiffness of her son's enormous cock.  Henry kept ass-fucking as hard
 as he could, guiding her through the peak of her cum.  Then he
 collapsed on his mother's blushing ass buns, slamming his prick as
 far up her stretched itchy asshole as it would go.
 
      The milky white cock juice spewed out of his hard-on, flooding
 his mother's asshole with hot sticky cum.  Margaret felt the creamy
 load spouting into her ravished shit tunnel, anointing the burning
 walls with a soothing tide of jizz.
 
      "Oh, Henry," she panted.  She flexed her shitting muscles around
 the cum-squirting hard-on, helping her hung child shoot out every
 drop.  Later today, she realized, she was scheduled for another
 counseling session with Walter Wayne.  He would undoubtedly want to
 fuck her too.  Margaret was already beginning to get used to the idea
 of having two hung, horny studs to fuck her mouth, pussy or asshole
 whenever she wanted.
 
 
Chapter Six:
 
      "Ungggh!  No!  Don't fuck Mommy's pussy again, Walter!" Patty
 gasped.  "It's a sin!  You know it's a sin to fuck your own mother!"
 
      Walter paid no attention.  He was on top of her now, holding her
 legs open, trying to stuff his big cock up her pussy.  Ten minutes
 earlier, he'd barged into her bedroom, catching his naked mother
 feverishly finger fucking her cunt.
 
      That was all the encouragement her horny son had needed.  Patty
 had valiantly resisted her craving to fuck her son again, but she
 still hungered for his prick, and both of them knew it.  Patty had
 immediately stopped playing with her cunt, trying to act stern as she
 asked Walter to leave.  Walter had just grinned and stripped off his
 pajamas.  Now he was only seconds away from getting his cock back
 into her pussy, where they both knew it belonged.
 
      "Please, Walter!  Don't fuck Mommy's cunt again!  No, Walter,
 no!  Tell...tell your counselor about it this afternoon!  She can
 help you!  Don't keep fucking Mommy!"
 
      Walter got the tip of his huge fuck organ into his mother's
 hairy cunt slit.  The second she felt the giant prick plowing in,
 Patty knew she was a goner.  She stopped struggling, instead lay
 still on the bed.  Her legs were spread wide, her knees up to her
 shoulders. She didn't try to lower them, though that would have made
 it harder for her son to fuck her.  Instead she just lay there,
 looking down, watching the huge cock spearing deeper and deeper into
 her tight, buttery cunt.
 
      "Do you still want me to stop, Mom?"
 
      Walter stared at her, smiling, knowing the effect the big cock
 had on his horny mom.  Then he lay flat on her naked body, crushing
 her big tits under his chest.  THe next thing Patty knew, her son was
 ramming his prick all the way up her tight, juicy pussy, completely
 stuffing the cunt that had given birth to him so many years before.
 
      "Ungggh!  Oh, Walter!  You bad boy!"
 
      The sex-starved mother raised her legs as high as she could,
 draping her ankles over his shoulders.  Then she frantically started
 wiggling and humping, pumping her wet pussy onto the satisfying
 stiffness of his cock.  Walter met her strokes, ramming his cock into
 her furry fuck opening.  Soon the mother and son were humping in
 rhythmic unison, their bellies slapping together and the bed springs
 squeaking as they feverishly, hungrily fucked.
 
      "Still want me to stop, Mom?  Do you?"
 
      Patty responded by twisting her son around, surprising him with
 her strength, pushing him onto his back.  Now she was on top, her
 knees planted on the bed to either side of his hips, where she could
 control the speed and energy of their fucking.
 
      Patty gripped his shoulders, her enormous, stiff-nippled tits
 swaying heavily over his chest.  Her face was flushed and contorted,
 a mask of incestuous passion.  Furiously she started wiggling and
 humping her ass again, shuddering as she pistoned her glove-tight
 pussy onto the satisfying stiffness of her young son's cock.
 
      "Fuck me," she gasped.  "Fuck your mother, Walter!  Please,
 please, please, baby, fuck your mother's juicy cunt!"
 
      Walter looked up, watching his giant fuck pole sliding in and
 out of his mother's tight pussy.  Then he started bucking to meet her
 strokes, fucking his ass off the bed, ramming his cock deep inside
 her cunt channel.  Soon they were fucking in rhythmic unison again,
 Patty groaning and sighing as she felt herself drawing closer to a
 violent, early-morning cum.
 
      "Fuck Mommy's wet pussy, honey!"  The bed springs squeaked in
 protest as she humped her ass in a frenzy, banging her hairy pussy
 onto the root of her son's prick.  "Unngggh!  Mommy's cunt's so wet
 and juicy!  Oh, harder, do it harder!  Mommy needs fucking so goddamn
 bad!"
 
      Walter fucked his mom as hard as he could, bucking his ass high
 off the bed, clawing her hips as he speared his huge fuck pole in and
 out her pussy.  Patty felt a violent orgasm welling up in her loins. 
 She fucked her hung son like a bitch in heat, her face contorted in
 ecstasy, thinking of nothing but the satisfying stiffness of his
 huge, pounding cock. 
 
      "Fuck your mother, fuck your horny mother!  Ungggh!  Mommy's
 cumming now!  Cummiiinnngggg!"
 
      Walter heaved his hips off the bed, impaling his prick into his
 mother's pussy.  He came at the same time, spewing great, sticky gobs
 of cock juice into the buttery tightness of her cunt.  Patty squealed
 as she felt the load spouting into her cunt channel, soothing the
 itchy walls of her pussy.  But already she was thinking of how
 ashamed she felt, how sinful it was for a mother to willingly give
 her cunt to her very own son.
 
      She just hoped that Walter's counseling sessions with Margaret
 Kelly did him some good.
 
            * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
 
      "Man, I really think this is doing me a lot of good, Mrs.
 Kelly," Walter said, later that afternoon.  "You must like sucking my
 prick better than any woman I ever met in my life!"
 
      "Then why don't you just let me suck your prick when it gets
 hard, Walter?" Margaret raised her face from his lap, a glistening
 strand of saliva hanging obscenely from her lower lip to the tip of
 his prick.  "I'm sure you can see why your mother feels so ashamed of
 letting you fuck her.  Why don't you just let me suck the cum out of
 your cock instead?"
 
      "Yeah, but I like fucking her too," Walter grinned.  "Besides,
 she's really horny.  If I tried to leave her alone for a couple of
 days, she'd probably wind up attacking me.  Then she'd really feel
 guilty."
 
      Walter winced, his cock throbbing with blood and jism.  He held
 Margaret's head with both hands, guiding her face back down to his
 prick.
 
      "Keep sucking," he said.
 
      Margaret was happy to oblige.  Walter's cock was so tremendously
 long and fat, nearly as sweet to suck on as her very own son's. 
 Margaret's hunger for cocksucking and cum-gulping had grown even
 stronger since she'd begun fucking both the young studs.  Hardly a
 half-hour had passed in the past day that she hadn't thought hungrily
 of the pleasure of sucking prick, of stuffing a really big one down
 her throat and slurping out its rich, sappy load of spunk.
 
      Again the horny mother opened her mouth wide, plunging her open
 lips onto the tasty stiffness of Walter's huge cock.  She shut her
 eyes, concentrating on the pleasure of cocksucking.  Her lips ovaled
 wetly around the fat, veined shank of his fuck pole.  Margaret
 eagerly started sucking cock very hard, slurping and gurgling loudly
 as she nursed on the blood-beating hardness of her young client's
 prick.
 
      Walter's cock grew longer and stiffer, the red leaky cock knob
 pulsing on the roof of her mouth.  Margaret nearly choked herself,
 trying to stuff his prick farther between her lips.  Her fingers
 tightened on the root of his cock, and then she commenced a fast,
 urgent hand job, feverishly jacking his boner from the base to the
 sucking lips.
 
      "Harder," Walter pleaded.  He stared at her, entranced by the
 spectacle of the gorgeous woman with a mouth full of cock.  "Suck the
 cum out, Mrs. Kelly!  Oh, shit, I'm really going to shoot big this
 time!"
 
      By now Margaret's right hand was a blur, wildly tugging up and
 down the huge, throbbing cock.  She alternated between puckering her
 cheeks sharply inward and flaring them outward again, keeping a
 constant, suckling pressure on the tasty hugeness of Walter's cock.
 
      More cock juice was burbling out all the time, which Margaret
 eagerly lapped up with her swirling, swiping tongue.  As Walter had
 promised, she sensed that he was really going to squirt a big load of
 cream.  Again she suppressed the gagging reflex, plunging his
 enormous fuck organ farther into her mouth.  At last her cocksucking
 efforts were rewarded with a spewing load of cream.
 
      "Oh, Mrs. Kelly!  Suck my cock, Mrs. Kelly!  I'm cumming!"
 
      The stick white stuff gushed from the tip of his prick, making
 the cock-lance tremble and pulse as it disgorged its sappy contents
 deeply into the mother's mouth.  The cum squirted onto her tonsils,
 running plentifully down her throat, satisfying Margaret with a mid-
 afternoon bellyful of hot, tasty jizz.  Eagerly the cock-loving woman
 sucked harder than ever, violently beating his prick at the same
 time, refusing to take Walter's huge prick out of her mouth until
 she'd licked the last traces of spunk off the crown of his cockmeat.
 
      "Oh, Mrs. Kelly," Walter moaned, slumping on his seat.  "Oh,
 shit, you really made me cum that time!"
 
      "But you still want to fuck your mother, don't you?" Margaret
 sighed.  She smirked as she sat up, licking the cum sap from her
 mouth.  "I'm supposed to be helping you with that strange little
 craving of yours.  I don't think I'm making much progress."
 
      "I guess not," Walter grinned.
 
      "Perhaps it would be wise if I were to call your mother and set
 up a private appointment with her," Margaret said.  Then she smiled
 to herself, considering the idea.  Patty Wayne was undoubtedly a very
 horny woman, to so freely allow her own son to fuck her.  It had been
 a long time since Margaret had enjoyed a cunt licking session with
 another woman.
 
 
Chapter Seven:
 
      "And you say that Walter is still trying to initiate an
 incestuous, sexual relationship with you?" Margaret asked.  She sat
 with her notebook and pencil again, pretending to take notes.  A day
 had passed.
 
      "That's right," Patty sighed.  She squirmed nervously on the
 couch, uncomfortable to be discussing her private life with a
 therapist.  She'd expected Margaret Kelly to be old and dowdy.  It
 was discomfiting to see that the counselor was her age, and was
 endowed with a petite body every bit as curvaceous as her own.
 
      "Did Walter try to have sex with you last night?" Margaret
 raised her eyebrows.
 
      "He certainly did.  He was very aggressive."
 
      Patty trembled in spite of herself, remembering the furious
 pussy-pounding Walter had delivered the night before.  Again, she had
 failed to suppress her need to fuck her own son.
 
      "Was his cock stiff?"
 
      "Extremely."
 
      "I have to ask a delicate question now."  Margaret folded her
 notebook and dropped it on the floor.  "You've told me so far that
 Walter has made sexual advances on you.  I haven't asked yet, point
 blank, if any of these advances have been successful.  Have they?"
 
      "I don't know what you mean."
 
      "Have you fucked your own son?"
 
      "Of...of course not!" Patty spluttered, instantly reddening with
 shame and fear.  "What kind of question is that?  I would never allow
 my own son to help himself to my own body."
 
      "That's not what Walter says."
 
      The ensuing silence was long and tense.  Patty's blush deepened,
 and she shamefully averted her eyes, avoiding the counselor's calm
 stare.  Already she knew that she'd been caught.  Horrible fantasies
 flashed through her mind's eye:  of newspaper headlines, of a judge
 denying her custody of her son.  Patty wondered if there was any
 point in trying to lie further.
 
      "I'm not going to tell anyone about this, Patty," Margaret said
 soothingly, as if reading her mind.  "Anything you admit to me will
 be kept in strictest confidence.  But I do think it would be best if
 we started being honest with one another.  Walter admitted, with some
 persuasion on my part, that he has already fucked you many times.  He
 says that you enjoying sex with him a great deal, but that you feel
 ashamed of yourself for letting your own son fuck you.  Is that
 true?"
 
      Patty took a deep breath and, finally, met the counselor's eyes.
 
      "That's about right," she said.
 
      "You know, maybe it's not really so awful to let Walter keep
 fucking you," Margaret suggested.  "After all, you're both horny, and
 he's old enough to ---"
 
      "No!"  Patty stopped her with a brisk wave of her hand. 
 "Please, don't even suggest that.  It's disgusting.  It has to end
 right now.  I simply can't allow Walter access to my body any
 longer."
 
      "Then why do you let him fuck you at all, Patty?" Margaret
 paused, letting the question sink in.  "Is it because you're so
 horny?"
 
      "I...I guess."
 
      "Have you always been so horny, or has it only been since your
 divorce?"
 
      "Always, I guess."
 
      "I see."  Margaret hesitated again.  "Patty I'm going to ask you
 some very personal questions now.  How often do you think about
 fucking and sucking in the course of a given day?"
 
      "A great deal."
 
      "Does your cunt usually respond to these thoughts by becoming
 moist and swollen?"
 
      "Yes."
 
      "Was you cunt moist and swollen when you first allowed your son
 to fuck you?"
 
      "Yes."
 
      "The questions I'm asking now, are they making your pussy feel
 wet and hot?"
 
      Patty flushed with embarrassment.
 
      "I guess."
 
      "I think it would be good if I took a close look at your cunt,
 Patty."  Margaret held up her hand, as if to stem off a possible
 objection.  "Don't worry.  I have a degree in physical therapy," she
 lied.  "I'm just going to inspect it, Patty.  All you have to do is
 pull down your pants and let me have a look."
 
      Patty thought about this for a moment, but by then Margaret's
 stream of sex-oriented questions had made her pussy so itchy and
 horny that she was too distracted to object.  She rose to her feet,
 kicking off her shoes and pulling her jeans off.  Now all she had on
 were her panties.  Patty sat back down on the couch, pulling the
 cotton bikini panties off of her rounded little ass, exposing her
 hairy pussy mound to the therapist.
 
      "You have a great deal of pussy hair," Margaret observed.
 
      Margaret knelt on the floor in front of her.  Patty blushed as
 she let the counselor spread her long legs wide apart, completely
 opening her wet, curly-haired pussy.  Margaret leaned close, pushing
 her face between Patty's legs.  Then she ran her fingers up Patty's
 inner thigh, wiggling one between the pouting lips of Patty's
 extremely horny cunt.
 
      "Does that feel good?" Margaret asked.
 
      She began moving the finger briskly in and out.
 
      "Ungggh!"
 
      "Your cunt lubricates very easily, Patty.  I've only just begun
 to touch it, and it's already dripping.  It's very warm and swollen
 as well."  Margaret pushed in a second finger, jacking her off
 harder.  "Does this feel better?"
 
      "Ungggh!"
 
      Patty blushed with shame, splaying her legs wider.  The whole
 scene was absurd; she already knew that Margaret was a horny dyke who
 wanted to seduce her.  But, since she had begun fucking her son,
 Patty's sex needs were so uncontrollably strong that she reacted
 helplessly to any stimulus.  Now she started humping and wiggling her
 ass eagerly on the couch, fucking her wet pussy onto Margaret's hand.
 
      "Now your cunt's getting even wetter.  The inner lips seem to be
 spasming as well.  You have an extremely tight pussy for a woman your
 age.  I can see why Walter has such a strong desire to fuck you, even
 if your are his mother."
 
     "Ungggh!  Oh, Margaret!  Unngggh!"
 
     "Was your pussy this hot and juicy when your son fucked you for
 the first time, Patty?  I notice that your cunt seems to spasm harder
 when I ask you about it.  Does it arouse you to think about your own
 son fucking your pussy, the way it feels to have a young boy's stiff,
 throbbing fuck organ pounding into your cunt?"
 
      "Ungggh!  Oh, stop!  Stop talking dirty!  Ungggh!"
 
      "Your clit is swollen, Patty."
 
      Still pumping her fingers rapidly in and out of Patty's gooey
 fuck hole, Margaret brought her left hand to the fat, dark pink bud
 protruding at the top of her cunt.  She put her left forefinger on
 it, rubbing in a circular motion.  Patty gasped, fucking her hips
 rapidly off the couch.
 
      "Does this feel good?"
 
      "Ungggh!  Oh!  Unggggh!"
 
      "I think it would be good now to see how your pussy responds to
 oral stimulation, Patty."
 
      Margaret lowered her head, burying her face between Patty's
 thighs.  She pressed her mouth to the blonde's wet, tasty fuck hole. 
 The next thing Patty knew, the counselor had begun to lick and suck.
 
      Hungrily Margaret sluiced her tongue up and down Patty's
 throbbing fuck hole, eagerly lapping the cunt cream from the folds of
 Patty's pussy.  Patty instantly felt her pussy growing even hornier,
 oozing a heavy flow of fuck oils onto the counselor's tongue. 
 Margaret slid her hands up higher, peeling open the pussy petals. 
 She thrust her tongue deep inside Patty's pussy, licking deep inside
 Patty's cunt.
 
      "Oh, suck me," Patty gasped.
 
      By now the extreme pleasure of having her pussy licked had made
 her lose all control of herself.  She clutched Margaret's head with
 both hands, frantically fucking her ass off the couch.
 
      "Lick it good, Margaret!  Ungggh!  Oh, shit, you're making my
 pussy so juicy!  Suck it, Margaret, suck my my cunt!"
 
      Margaret pushed her tongue in and out of Patty's pussy, making
 the blonde hump her ass faster on the couch.  The clit was very hard
 now, twitching obscenely with its need to be licked and sucked. 
 Margaret wriggled her tongue on it, sending spasming waves of intense
 pleasure coursing through Patty's body.  Then she took the swollen
 clit directly between her lips, sucking hard, puckering her cheeks on
 it, as if it were a tiny cock.
 
      "Suck me, suck me!" Patty gasped.  By now the blonde's face was
 a mask of insatiable fuck need.  "Ungggh!  Put your fingers in again!
 Oh, shit, my cunt's so wet!  My pussy needs to cum!"
 
      Again Margaret straightened her fingers, gooshing them into the 
 clasping interior of Patty's hot, achey fuck tunnel.  Rapidly she
 jacked off the horny woman, banging her knuckles on the puffy lips of
 Patty's fuck slit.  Then Margaret sucked the clit bud much harder,
 pressing her tongue on the tip, pushing it back and forth.
 
      "I'm cumming!" Patty squealed.  She clawed the back of
 Margaret's head, almost weeping with pleasure, fucking her ass
 frantically off the couch.  "Ungggh!  Suck my pussy, suck my horny
 fucking pussy!  I'm cumming now, cuuummmiiinnngggg!"
 
      Patty's pussy spasmed violently, nearly as hard as it had the
 last time she'd enjoyed a savage fucking with her son.  The delicious
 musky-smelling cunt cream flowed heavily from the hairy hole, giving
 Margaret a plentiful amount of pussy juice to tongue and lick up. 
 Margaret kept her head buried between Patty's trembling thighs,
 continuing to lick, suck and fingerfuck the cum-spasming pussy. 
 Eating cunt, she thought, was almost as satisfying as slurping the
 cock juice out of a huge, throbbing boner like her son's.
 
      "Well!"  Margaret sat back on her heels, licking her lips to
 savor the last droplets of pussy juice.  "I'm sure you feel better
 now, don't you, Patty?  You certainly came hard, didn't you?"
 
      Patty sprawled on the couch, staring down at her.  She'd come to
 discuss her sex problems frankly with the therapist.  Instead she'd
 wound up allowing the therapist to lick and suck her cunt.  Patty 
 wondered what was coming over her.  She felt so horny these days that
 the slightest prompting could induce her to spread her legs and give
 her pussy to anyone.
 
      "Your pussy's still very juicy," Margaret observed.  She slipped
 her finger back into Patty's pussy, sliding it teasingly in and out. 
 "Would you like to suck my cunt now, Patty?"
 
      "I--I don't think I'd better."
 
      "Don't be ridiculous."
 
      Margaret stood, in no hurry, instinctively understanding that
 Patty was too horny to refuse her.  Margaret stripped naked,
 revealing her petite, busty body to the blonde.  Then she stretched
 out on her back on the floor, splaying her thighs wide apart, showing
 her wet, black-haired pussy to the sex-starved blonde mother.
 
      "You'll feel a lot better after you suck my cunt, Patty,"
 Margaret purred.  "I can see that you're still very horny.  I'm only
 trying to help you, after all.  If I let you lick my pussy, your
 desire for sucking might be satisfied.  You might not be so eager to
 give blow jobs to your own son."
 
      Patty slid off the couch, her mouth already watering, unable to
 resist the sight of Margaret's moist, juicy pussy.  Patty lay on her
 stomach between the brunette's legs, confronting the curly-haired
 fissure of her butter fuck slit.  Then she pressed her mouth on it,
 red-faced with shame and passion, licking another woman's cunt for
 the very first time.
 
      "That's a good girl," Margaret sighed.
 
      Margaret splayed her legs wider, completely opening her
 throbbing pussy for Patty's lips and tongue.  She pushed her hand
 down, peeling open her pussy petals with her fingers.  Then she
 started humping her ass lightly on the floor, hungrily thrusting her
 wet, horny pussy onto Patty's tongue.
 
      "Get your tongue in there, Patty!  Ungggh!  That's a good girl! 
 You like the way my pussy tastes, don't you?"
 
      Patty didn't answer.  She was already too busy licking and
 sucking.  As Margaret had suggested, the taste of another woman's wet
 cunt was extremely exciting to her.  She felt her won pussy throbbing
 lewdly as she thrust her tongue in deep, lapping the fragrant cunt
 oils from the depths of Margaret's aching cunt.
 
      Margaret's cunt was getting wetter, throbbing on her lips.  The
 inner lips spasmed, needing something to suck on.  Patty straightened
 one finger, then as second, gooshing them into the narrow, creamy
 interior of Margaret's fuck channel.  Margaret gasped as the blonde
 started jacking her off, banging her fingers rhythmically in and out
 of her wet, overheated fuck slit.
 
      "Suck me now," Margaret cried.  Her big tits jiggled as she
 humped her ass off the floor, fucking her wet, hairy pussy onto
 Patty's mouth and fingers.  "My clitty!  Ungggh!  Suck my clitty! 
 Oh, fuck, oh, please, put it in your mouth now!  Suck it, suck it
 hard!"
 
      Patty obeyed, now pumping her fingers in and out of Margaret's
 cunt as fast as she could.  Margaret's clit was fat and swollen,
 protruding at the tip of her fuck opening.  Patty wrapped her lips
 around it, sucking hard, puckering her cheeks as shed did when she
 sucked her son's cock.  Margaret clawed the back of her neck, hard
 enough to draw blood.  Then Margaret's aching, tight cunt hole
 spasmed and throbbed in a long, violent cum.
 
      "Lick it, Patty!  Unh, unh, unh, lick it, suck my pussy!  I'm
 cumming now, cuuummmiiinnngggg!"
 
      Patty feverishly kept sucking and fingerfucking, guiding the
 horny brunette through the duration of her orgasm.  At last Margaret
 let her pink-flushed ass cheeks drift back to the floor.  Margaret
 sat up, smiling shamelessly, rewarding Patty's cunt lapping efforts
 with a long, lewd kiss.
 
      "Now, you enjoyed that too, didn't you?" Margaret said.  "See,
 Patty?  I don't think there's really any harm in fucking your son,
 but you don't really have to, if you don't want to.  Whenever you get
 horny, you can just come to see me.  Free of charge.  You have a
 beautiful body, and a wonderful, tasty pussy.  I'll be happy to lick
 it for you whenever it feels wet and hot."
 
         *    *    *    *   *   *   *   *
 
      "Ooh, that's nice, honey.  Your big cock feels so good." 
 Margaret lay on her back later that night, her ankles bouncing on
 Henry's shoulders, letting her horny son enjoy another fuck in his
 mother's tight cunt.  "You love fucking Mommy's tight pussy, don't
 you?"
 
      Henry didn't answer.  He was too busy laboring feverishly
 between his mother's thighs, ramming her blood-swollen cockshaft in
 and out of her pussy.  Margaret humped her ass to meet his rhythm,
 eagerly thrusting her horny cunt onto his cock.
 
      "Honey?  Would you like to fuck another woman besides Mommy?"
 
      "I don't care," Henry panted.
 
      "Her name's Patty Wayne, Henry.  I know you'd like her.  She's
 blonde, and very pretty.  And she's got awfully big tits."  Margaret
 hesitated.  "Do you remember the other day, when I was telling you
 about the boy who fucked his mother?  That's the one, Henry.  Patty
 is very, very horny, honey.  She wishes she could keep her son out of
 her panties, but she's just too horny to resist him."
 
      Henry was too busy fucking his mother to answer, but Margaret
 could feel his prick swelling even stiffer in her pussy.  She knew
 Henry sensed the direction her conversation was leading, and she knew
 that the idea already turned Henry on.
 
      "Henry, why don't you visit Patty Wayne tomorrow?  I'll give you
 an excuse, so you can see her when her son's at school.  I'll bet
 she'll be at home, playing with herself.  She really is terribly
 horny, son.  She needs more fucking badly."
 
      "What d'you want me to do it for?" Henry panted.
 
      "Because I think it would be fun for you," Margaret giggled. 
 "And I think it would be nice if the four of us could all start
 fucking together eventually.  Patty just needs a little more
 persuasion.  Your cock is an awfully good persuader, honey.  I know
 that for a fact.  Will you promise to see her tomorrow, Henry?  And
 give Patty a good humping?"
 
      "Yeah!"
 
      "That's a good boy."  Margaret whimpered, feeling her pussy
 throbbing around his cock.  She wrapped her legs around his back,
 bucking in a frenzy of lust.  "Now fuck your mother, Henry!  Hard,
 lover, fuck your mother hard!"
 


Chapter Eight:

     "Oh, oh!  Fuck your mother, Walter!  Fuck Mommy's horny 
pussy!  Harder, Mommy's going to cum now!  Fuck Mommy's cunt as 
hard as you can!"

     Patty was on her back, her legs up in the air, whimpering 
and moaning as her son labored on top of her.  Walter had been 
ready to go to school when he'd decided he wanted another fuck in 
his mother's pussy.  She'd protested at first, as she always did, 
but he'd had little trouble persuading her to lie on her back and 
spread her legs.

     His pants were bunched around his ankles.  His schoolbooks 
were on the floor, next to the bed.  Walter fucked his mom fast 
and hard, not even thinking about her pleasure, concentrating 
only on making the cock juice spurt up from his balls as soon as 
he could.

     "Fuck Mommy's pussy, fuck Mommy!"  Patty locked her arms 
around his shoulders, fucking her ass off the bed in a frenzy of 
passion.  "Harder!  Mommy's so horny!  Oh, fuck, oh, shit, I'm 
cumming now!  Fuck your mother, I'm cumming, cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

     Walter grunted, coming down hard, ramming his prick deep 
inside his mother.  Then the milk-white cock sap flooded out 
of his balls, raining into his mother's cunt channel, flooding 
her buttery pussy with juice.  Walter kept fucking furiously, 
shuddering as the last droplets of spunk burned from the head of 
his cock.  Then he popped his enormous fuck organ out of her 
hairy cunt slit and wiped it off insolently on her inner leg.

     "See you later today, Mom."

     He pulled up his pants, picked up his school books and left. 
Patty remained on her back on the bed, fully clothed, her skirt 
hiked up to her waist to give her son access to her cunt.  Her 
pussy hole was all wet and swollen from the torrid fucking he'd 
just given her, and she could feel his sticky cock juice seeping 
out of it, matting in the dense curls fringing her cunt.

     She'd been reduced to nothing, Patty thought.  Her need for 
constant fucking was now so strong that her son could easily 
persuade her to lie on her back and spread her legs any time his 
cock got hard.  All she could think of was the constant need in 
her wet, creamy cunt.

     Patty put her hand on her steaming pussy, feeling all the 
cum juice seeping out of the slit.  The next thing she knew, she 
was fingerfucking again, rubbing her fat little clit, thinking 
about how good it felt when her cunt stretched around her son's 
cock.

        *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *

     "Unh, unhg!  Fuck my pussy, fuck my horny pussy!  Unh, unh, 
need to cum!"

     This time her son wasn't with her in the house.  It was one 
in the afternoon and Patty was still fingerfucking.  She 
sprawled on her living room sofa, staring blankly at a game show 
droning on the television set in front of her.  Her terry robe 
was open, exposing her huge tits and her wet, hairy pussy.  Patty 
wiggled her ass on the couch as she moved her hand between her 
thighs, rubbing and stroking her hard, aching clit.

     "Fuck me, fuck me --- "

     The doorbell interrupted her.  Patty considered not 
answering it at all.  It was probably just a door-to-door 
salesman, and whatever he'd want to sell her wouldn't be half as 
important as satisfying her wet cunt.  At last, reluctantly, she 
rose, tied the sash holding the robe together, and went to see 
who it was.

     The visitor was a boy just about Walter's age.  Patty 
squinted at him, wondering why his face looked so familiar.

     "Yes?"  She held the door open, automatically drawing the 
robe tight across her tits.

     "Hi," the boy said.  He smiled.  "My name's Henry.  You know 
my mom, Margaret Kelly?"

     Patty flushed, instantly feeling a cold sense of 
trepidation.  What reason could Margaret have for sending her son 
to visit her?

     "Y-yes, I know her," Patty stammered.  "What do you want to 
see me about?"

     "Well, it's not too good to explain it out here."  Henry 
smiled, seeming very calm.  "Do you mind if I come in and talk to 
you for a minute?  Thanks..."

     He walked past her, entering her home without permission.  
Patty hesitated, then shut the door and followed him into the 
living room, where she found that Henry had already made himself 
comfortable on the couch.  He wore only a T-shirt and cut-off, 
and Patty felt her cunt getting wet again as she stared at the 
sumptuous bulge behind his zipper.  God, what kind of slut had 
she turned into?  It had gotten to the point that even glimpsing 
a bulging prick could make her horny.

     "Man!"  Henry sat up on the couch, sniffing.  "This whole 
hose smells like wet pussy!"

     "What on earth!" Patty gasped.  She gaped at him dismay, 
blushing fiercely, automatically holding her robe tighter.  
"How...how dare you say such a disgusting thing to me?!  Get out 
of my home this instant!"

     "Aw, that's okay," Henry grinned.  "I didn't mean anything 
by it.  I guess you were playing with yourself when I came over, 
huh?"

     "You're disgusting.  Get out of my home."

     "Take it easy."

     Then, Henry shocked her again, calmly unzipping his cut-offs 
and pulling them off.  Now he was naked from the waist down 
except for his tennis shoes.  His prick was enormous and 
stiffening rapidly, swelling with blood and jism in little jerks. 
Henry took his cock in hand and stared intently at her body.

     "See, my mom told me how horny you are, Mrs. Wayne," he 
said.  "She said you'd be a good person to see if I wanted to get 
my cock sucked.  I really like a good blow job, Mrs. Wayne.  I 
decided to take the day off from school to come over here, to see 
if you could give me one.  How about it?"

     "What-what-what do you think you're doing?"

     "Just asking to get my cock sucked.  That's all."

     And then Henry wrapped his fingers around his enormous fuck 
organ, stroking it hard and fast.  Patty stared in disbelief and 
growing passion as the meaty prick swelled stiffer and stiffer.  
Soon it was as hard as an iron bar, every bit as enormous as her 
own son's cock.

     "I know you went down on my mom, Mrs. Wayne," Henry said 
calmly.  "I know it's because of how much you like to suck on 
things.  So, why don't you just suck my cock, too?  It's really a 
big one, isn't it?  Why don't you put it in your mouth, Mrs. 
Wayne, and see hot it tastes?"

     Patty's mind was reeling.  She'd never met a grown man who 
was so aggressive, let alone a lad who was young enough to be her 
own son.  Helplessly she stared at Henry's big boner, watching it 
pulse as he jacked it with his fist.  Her pussy tingled as she 
thought of how intensely satisfying it would be to suck a big, 
hard cock this afternoon, to satisfy her constant craving for 
stiff prick with a nice, spicy bellyfull of spunk.

     "Come on, Mrs. Wayne.  You know you want to."

     Patty dropped to her knees.  She couldn't believe she was 
doing it, couldn't believe her craving for hard cock had grown so 
strong that she would suck off any arrogant stranger who asked 
for it.  Henry smiled knowingly, stepping closer.  Now his big 
cock was right in front of her face.  Patty wrapped her fingers 
around the root, staring at the tip.  Cum juice was leaking out 
of it.  She sighed as she jacked the huge cock slow and hard, 
making the piss hole open up, oozing more jizz.

     "That feels good, Mrs. Wayne."

     Patty popped the cock knob into her mouth and started 
licking and sucking.  It was good, tasty prick to suck, with cum 
sap nearly as rich and delicious as her own son's.  Patty made 
gurgling, slobbering sounds as she nursed contentedly on the 
giant cock, shutting her eyes, blocking out her shame as she 
concentrated on the taste and feel of the prick between her lips.

     Now it was getting even stiffer, pulsing on the roof of her 
mouth.  Patty thrust her tongue onto the piss slit as the jizz 
oozed out more plentifully.  She tightened her right hand around 
the base of his cock, and then she started beating his meat, fast 
and hard, whipping her right hand up and down from the root to 
her stretched, ovalled, hungrily sucking lips.

     Henry stared down at her, sighing as he enjoyed the torrid 
cocksucking.  He held her head with bot hands, curling his 
fingers in her thick blonde hair, rocking his hips lightly to 
fuck his prick in and out of her mouth.  Patty felt like a 
complete whore now, happy to do absolutely anything for Henry as 
long as he'd let her suck his cock.  She thought of him with his 
mother, imagined Henry's face as Margaret told him what a horny 
pussy licker and cocksucker Patty was.

     Had Henry learned that Patty fucked her son too?

     "Harder," Henry panted.

     Now the hung arrogant lad's face was contorted with pleasure 
as his orgasm grew nearer, as the heavy load of cock juice 
congested in his balls.

     "Oh, shit, you suck hard!"  He pulled her hair, rocking his 
hips, making the cream-starved mom gag on his thick prick.  "Jack 
it fast, Mrs. Wayne!  Unggh, what a good cocksucker!  I'm gonna 
cum any fucking second!"

     Patty sucked his cock as hard as she could, her whole face 
reddening with the torrid intensity of the blow job.  Rapidly she 
alternated between puffing her cheeks up and sucking them in 
again, keeping as much pressure on the lad's hard-on as she 
could.  The huge prick grew stiffer still, spitting droplets of 
pre-cum onto her swirling, lapping tongue.  Patty panted through 
her nose, whipping her right hand tirelessly up and down his 
cock, thinking of absolutely nothing now but the impending 
explosion of cum.

     "Swallow it, Mrs. Wayne!  Suck my cock, suck the juice out!  
Ungggh! Cummiiinnnggg!"

     The hot, milky white jizz spewed forth, squirting across her 
swirling tongue, coating her tonsil as the froth white stuff 
lashed down her throat.  It wasn't as delicious as her son's cum, 
but Patty was so starved for the taste of cream that Henry's 
gushing seed satisfied her completely.  Hungrily she clung to the 
juice-squirting boner, tirelessly jacking and sucking it, 
determined to nurse out every drop of his cum.  Her frantic 
cocksucking efforts were rewarded.  Henry's cock kept spewing out 
juice for over a half-minute, and Patty's belly felt warm and 
full with all the cream she'd just sucked out of his balls.

     "That's enough," Henry said abruptly.  "Take off that robe, 
Mrs. Wayne.  Now I get to fuck you."

     Patty say back on her heels, gasping, her cheeks bright with 
a mixture of humiliation and lust.  Henry was stripping of the 
rest of his clothes, never taking his eyes off her body.  Patty 
hesitated, her fingers on the sash holding her robe together.  
Then she pulled it open, exposing her spectacular, big-titted 
nakedness, hoping that her gorgeous body would make Henry horny 
enough to give her the savage fucking she needed.

     "Get on your back."

     Patty did it.  She stretched out on the floor, completely 
naked now, her big tits jiggling spongily as she wiggled her ass 
buns into a good humping position on the rug.  Henry stared at her 
as she raised her long legs high in the air, completely opening 
her drippy pussy hole for the first thrust of his cock.

     "Fuck me," she panted.  "Hurry, Henry.  Fuck my wet cunt."

     Henry dropped to his knees, his giant, spit-slickened cock 
lance pulsing over her belly.  Patty looked up eagerly as he 
mounted her, aiming his spongy cock tip at the pouting, curly-
haired lips of her cunt.  The horny blonde watched and felt the 
cock going into her, stretching her tight pussy open, making her 
glistening cuntal walls spasm and suck as they forcibly 
accommodated the belly-probing length of his cock.

     "Oh, fuck me!  Ungggh!  Feels so good, Henry!  Unh, you've 
got such a big one!  Fuck my cunt, lover, fuck my horny cunt!"

     Henry sprawled flat on top of her, crushing her enormous, 
stiff-nippled tits under his chest, and sinking his cock farther 
into her cunt.  Then he started fucking.  Up and down his lean 
young ass heaved, stroking her pussy, spearing his hard, aching 
prick in and out of the creamy tightness of her cunt.  Patty 
quickly started humping to meet his strokes, excitedly bouncing 
her ass off the floor, fucking her wet, glove-tight pussy onto 
the satisfying stiffness of his cock.

     "Fuck my cunt, lover, fuck my cunt hole!"  She wrapped her 
thighs together high across his back, holding him close, 
shuddering as his giant cock sank farther into her pussy.  Patty 
knew there was more of it, more that he hadn't yet sunk into her. 
Patty desperately needed to feel every inch of it, every inch of 
his giant cock-lance ramming into her belly, stuffing her cunt to 
bursting with the thickness of his prick.

     Then Henry started fucking hard and very deep.  Patty 
grunted as the stiff prick rammed all the way into her belly, 
reaching the depths of her womb.  Now Margaret's naked son was 
fucking like a wild man, panting on her shoulder, drilling her 
tight pussy as fast as he possibly could.

     "Fuck my pussy, fuck my tight pussy!" Patty chanted.  Her 
cunt was throbbing uncontrollably, gripping and sucking the 
skewering shaft of his cockmeat.  Again and again the big fuck 
organ rammed into her, stretching her furry cuntslit every time 
he stuffed his cockmeat in to the hilt.

     Henry slid his hands down, clawing the sides of her ass 
cheeks.  Then he started fucking her as hard as he could.  
Relentlessly he worked on top of her bare, sweat-glistening body, 
ramming his cock into her belly, almost punishing her with the 
steely stiffness of his big cock.

     "Unngggh!  Oh, Henry!"

     Now Patty felt the cum welling up deep inside her, making 
her gooey pussy suck even harder around his cock.  She grimaced, 
her face contorting with raw fuck passion, twisting her head 
dazedly from side to side on the floor.  Then she started humping 
in a frenzy of fuck need, abandoning all control as she 
feverishly pistoned her stuffed, sucking pussy onto the pounding 
shaft of his prick.

     "Fuck my pussy, fuck my horny pussy!" she gasped.  "Ungggh!  
I'm cumming, Henry!  Fuck my cunt, it's cumming, cuuummiiinngg!"

     Her pussy spasmed violently in orgasm, the juice nearly 
gushing out of the ravished cunt-slit, the fur-fringed lips 
throbbing with almost painful intensity around the racing 
cockshaft of Henry's cock.  Henry kept fucking her cunt as hard 
as he could, guiding her through the force of her orgasm.  But 
still he didn't lose his second load into her pussy, and suddenly 
Patty realized where she wanted to feel his big cock ramming 
next.

     "Take it out," she panted.  "I-I want you to fuck my 
asshole.  Right now, Henry.  Hurry!"

     Henry paused for a moment, grinning, as if to show his 
appreciation for how quickly her true colors had come out.  Then 
he pulled his huge, throbbing prick out of her pussy hole, the 
giant shaft of fuck meat twitching obscenely up and down with its 
need to shoot its load of cum.  Patty stared at the boy's big 
cock, resisting the urge to pop it back into her mouth for more 
sucking.  Instead she rolled onto her belly, reaching behind her 
back to spread her ass cheeks wide, shamelessly displaying her 
pink, puckered asshole for the stabbing impalement of his cock.

     "It's all hot and horny, Henry," Patty whimpered, as her 
itchy little hole throbbed obscenely in and out.  "Hurry, honey, 
please fuck my asshole for me!  Do it hard, my asshole needs your 
cock!"

     "Shit, Mrs. Wayne!  My mom sure was right about you!"

     Then Henry mounted her again, this time aiming his huge, 
swollen cock tip at her distended shit ring.  Patty grunted and 
bit her lips as she felt the enormous cock lance stabbing into 
her, cleaving into her bowels.  The thickness of his cock 
stretched her asshole to bursting, even though he only had the 
first two inches in.

     Patty knew it was going to hurt, but she didn't care.  
Bravely she spread her pink-flushed ass cheeks wider apart, 
desperately horny to have her tender asshole gorged with hard, 
fucking dick.

     "Deeper, Henry," she pleaded.  "Oh, please, please, ram it 
up my asshole, honey!  My asshole needs your big fucking cock!"

     Henry started humping on top of her, groaning as he felt her 
rubbery shitting muscles sucking and flexing around his cock  Her 
shit tunnel hadn't been lubed, but the naked blonde was so horny, 
and her asshole was throbbing so hard, that Henry was sure he 
could bury his prick up her bowels without hurting her.  He 
panted on her neck as he commenced his fucking rhythm, making 
Patty cry out as he rammed his cock up her asshole deeper with 
every thrust.

     "Unggggh!  Oh, Henry!  Unggggh!  It's so big and stiff, 
Henry!  Unnggggh!  Fuck my little asshole, honey!  Oh, shit, pack 
me with it!  Pack me deep!"

     By now the hung youth had over half of his hard-on rammed up 
her shit channel, and Patty knew she didn't have to hold her ass 
cheeks open anymore.  Eagerly she thrust bot hands under her 
belly, groping through her juice-matted pussy curls until her 
fingers touched her clit.  Shamelessly, she started 
fingerfucking, pleasuring her pussy as her asshole sucked and 
spasmed around young Henry's cock.

     "Fuck my asshole, fuck my horny little asshole!" she 
pleaded, almost screaming out the words.  "My asshole's so horny, 
Henry!  Oh, fuck, oh, yes, my asshole needs your cock!"

     Then Henry came down very hard, suddenly ramming every inch 
of his immense prick into the tender, gripping warmth of her shit 
channel.  Patty bucked violently, almost unable to bear the 
pleasure coursing through her bowels.  Henry lay motionless on 
top of her, letting her itchy shitter suck and spasm around his 
cock meat.

     "Fuck it, Henry, fuck it good!"

     Henry pulled out slowly, withdrawing until only the tip of 
his enormous cock distended her rubbery shit opening.  He 
grunted, then nailed his big prick all the way in again.  Patty 
shuddered with need, fingerfucking wildly, thrusting her stretched 
asshole onto his cock.  Then Henry settled into a hard, bowel-
impaling rhythm, relentlessly stabbing his blood-swollen cock 
in and out of her ass.

     "Ahhh, yesss," Patty hissed.

     She humped rapidly to meet his strokes, her asshole sucking 
and throbbing, convulsively spasming around the rooting length of 
his prick.  The pleasure in her stretched, burning asshole was 
spreading through her whole body, making her stiff nipples 
tingle, making her pussy ooze hot fuck juice onto her pumping, 
digging fingers.  Patty felt another cum welling up in her crotch, 
making her horny asshole suck his cock that much harder.  There 
was nothing she could do to control the intensity of her passion. 
There was nothing she loved more than sucking the juice out of a 
big, stiff prick, or feeling one ramming deep inside her pussy 
and ass.

     "I'm cumming, Henry!" she panted.  "Unngggh!  Oh, shit, so 
horny, so fucking horny!  Fuck my asshole, fuck my horny little 
asshole!  I'm coming now!  Unggh, ungggh, cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

     Henry fucked her tender little asshole as hard as he could, 
thinking only of his own pleasure now, massing the steely 
stiffness of his cock as he hammered it into his bowels.  Patty 
came again and again, thinking of her son, wishing it was her own 
son's cock rooting in the depths of her bowel tract.  Then 
Henry's cock grew even stiffer up her ravished shit chute, and 
Patty knew she was about to feel another milky load of cock cream 
spewing into her bowels.

     Henry's prick started cumming.  The sticky white stuff 
sprayed out of his cock head, geysering into her asshole, basting 
the rubbery walls of the shit channel with a soothing tide of 
cum.  Patty gasped as she lay submissively beneath him, flexing 
her shit hole, making her asshole suck all the jizz out of his 
prick.  She knew she didn't have any control anymore.  She was 
just too horny.  If Henry wanted to, he could fuck or suck her 
any time his cock got stiff.  So could his mother.

     So could her own son.


Chapter Nine:

     "Ungggh!  No, Henry, please stop fucking me!  My son's going 
to come home!  You don't want my son to catch you fucking me, do 
you?"

     "I don't care," Henry grunted.  "Move your hot little ass, 
Mrs. Wayne!"

     They were in her bedroom now.  Patty was on her back, naked, 
her long legs cocked high, her ankles bouncing on Henry's 
shoulders as he rammed his huge cock lance in and out of her cunt. 
It was late in the afternoon now, and Walter could come home at 
any time.  Patty had lost track of how many times she'd let Henry 
fuck her tight pussy, how many times the seemingly endlessly horny 
lad had sprayed his load of cock juice deep inside her mouth, 
asshole or cunt.

     He seemed to enjoy reaming her asshole best of all.  Now, as 
Henry kept ramming his prick into her pussy, Patty was conscious 
of how stretched and itchy her asshole felt, how red and sore her 
shit sphincter had grown from accepting the pile-driving thrusts 
of Henry's cock.  It hurt to have a sore, violently reamed 
asshole, but it felt good at the same time.  Now Patty's asshole 
was tingling and throbbing along with her pussy, responding lewdly 
every time young Henry rammed his cock to the hilt in her cunt.

     "Oh, Henry!  Ungggh!  You're making me so horny again!  
Ungggh!  Keep fucking my pussy, Henry!  Oh, fuck!  Oh, please, ram 
my pussy till I can't even walk!"

     Henry pushed her legs up even higher, completely opening her 
curly-haired pussy for the skewering thrusts of his prick.  Then 
he picked up the pace of his count ramming, savagely drilling his 
huge, rock-hard cock into the creamy tightness of her cunt.  Patty 
felt the giant cockmeat pole slamming into her belly, ravishing 
her pussy to bursting with every thrust.  Madly she humped her ass 
to meet Henry's rhythm, crazed with her insatiable need for hard 
cock.

     "Gonna cum again!" she cried.  She flung her arms around his 
shoulders, whipping her ass off the sheets in a frenzy of lust.  
"Ungggh!  Fuck my pussy, fuck my horny little pussy!  I'm cumming 
now!  Fuck my cunt, Henry, cumming, I'm cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

     Her tight, hairy pussy sucked and throbbed uncontrollably in 
orgasm, spewing out fuck oils, contracting again and again around 
the womb-reaching stiffness of Henry's prick.  Henry kept fucking 
as fast as he could, his giant cock nursed by the spasming sheath 
of her pussy.  Then yet another load of hot, milky cock juice 
started raining out of his boner.  Patty felt the cum spouting 
deep inside her pussy, basting the well-reamed inner walls with a 
soothing tide of jizz.

     "Ahhh, shit," Henry sighed.

     He pulled out of her hairy fuck hole, smiling with 
satisfaction as he flopped beside her on the bed.  Patty just lay 
there with her legs spread, panting, the gooey mixture of jism and 
pussy juice running out of her cunt onto the bed.  When she 
recovered enough to look up, she was surprised to see that Henry 
was finally struggling into his pants.

     "I guess I better get out of here," he mumbled.  He grinned 
at her over his shoulder.  "Man, you sure are a horny humper, Mrs. 
Wayne.  I guess you must be pretty glad I came over after all, 
huh?"

     Patty stared at his cock, watching the long, meaty pole 
disappear from sight as he zipped up his pants.  Then she realized 
how horny she still felt.  It simple didn't matter to her that her 
son was coming home, that her own son would catch her sucking and 
fucking another boy's prick.  Patty just knew that she couldn't 
stand to go even ten minutes without the sexual stimulation she 
craved.

     "Don't go, Henry."

     Henry stopped dressing, looking at her.  Realizing that she 
had descended to the very depths of degenerate sexual behavior, 
Patty slid off the bed and knelt on the floor.  Henry grinned at 
her knowingly as she stripped of his pants for him again, freeing 
his already stiffening prick.

     "My asshole's still horny, Henry," Patty whimpered.  "If 
I suck your cock for you again, will you give my little asshole 
another hard fucking?"

     Henry just smiled.  Patty wrapped her fingers around his cock 
root, staring at the knob as she rapidly started beating his prick 
meat.  His big cock smelled strongly of pussy juice.  It turned 
her on to slurp on a long, fat hard-on that had just finished 
fucking her tight cunt.

     "Put it in your mouth, Mrs. Wayne!"

     Patty opened her mouth, shuddering with her need for cock-
sucking as she shoved over a third of the prick between her lips.  
The well-fucked cock wasn't completely stiff yet, which meant she 
could suck and chew on it more easily.  Patty shut her eyes and 
commenced the frantic cocksucking, slurping and gurgling, dragging 
her lips hungrily up and down the quickly swelling trunk of fuck 
meat.

     "Oh, Mrs. Wayne!"

     Henry dropped his hands, curling his fingers in her blonde 
hair, looking down to eagerly observe the cocksucking.  Patty 
sucked prick so hard that her whole face reddened with the effort, 
and it was impossible to hear herself panting through the nose 
over the loud, constant smacking and slurping.

     Henry's prick grew stiff again in obscene little jerks, until 
the huge pole was again as hard as iron.  Patty forced herself to 
stop sucking cock, knowing how badly she needed to feel his prick 
meat drilling into her asshole.  She took the cock out of her 
mouth and inspected the stiff organ her sucking had created.  The 
cock knob and shaft now glistened with an obscene mixture of pussy 
juice and wet spit.

     "Fuck my asshole again, Henry!"

     She crawled back onto the bed, her itchy well-fucked shit 
hole tingling in anticipation of another violent bowel-probing.  
The naked blonde reached behind her back, spreading her ass cheeks 
with her fingers, again exposing her red, horny shit hole to 
Henry's eyes and cock.  Henry mounted her, pressing his spongy 
cock tip onto her puckered shit opening.  The next thing Patty 
knew, her tender asshole was again stretching wide to admit an 
enormous, asshole-busting prick.

     "Shove it in deep," she gasped.  She grimaced as she felt her 
asshole stretching open, sucking and gripping around Henry's cock. 
"Oh, honey, my asshole's still so horny!  Fuck it good, Henry!  
Unh, unh, my hot little asshole's horny all the time!"

     Henry started thrusting, hammering in his cock.  In and in 
the enormous cock pushed, sinking into her tender asshole, 
stretching her shit chute wider and wider around the relentless 
pressure of his prick.  Patty released her jiggling ass buns, 
knowing she no longer needed to hold them open to help Henry shove 
his cock in.

     She thrust both hands under her belly, shuddering as she sank 
her fingers into her cunt.  Shamefully, Patty started finger-
fucking, beating off her pussy as she thrust her abused, aching 
asshole onto Henry's cock.

     Henry grunted, coming down hard, nailing his immense prick 
all the way into the rubbery grip of her shit hole.  For a moment 
he lay still on her saucy ass cheeks, enjoying the pressure of her 
shitting muscles as they clung needfully to his cock.

     Then the hung youth started fucking her tight asshole again, 
sliding his cock in and out of her bowels.  Patty humped to meet 
his rhythm, thrusting her burning shit sphincter onto his prick as 
hard as she could.

     "Fuck my asshole!" she pleaded.

     She fingerfucked her pussy in a frenzy, alternating between 
stroking her clit and darting her fingers in and out of her cunt.

     "Ungggh!  Oh, fuck!  Oh, please, It's so horny!  My asshole 
needs fucking, Henry!  Ungggh!  Ram the shit out of it, make it 
cum, make it cum!"

     Henry started assfucking as hard as he could, savagely 
plowing his enormous, freshly cum-laded prick into the sucking 
depths of her shitter.  Patty soon felt the cum spreading through 
her loins.  It seemed to grip both her pussy and asshole at the 
same time, making her pussy spew cunt cream onto her fingers, and 
her shitter grip and suck around Henry's cock.

     "I'm cumming!" she cried.  "Fuck my asshole, fuck my horny 
asshole!  Cumming, cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

     Henry kept fucking her hard and deep, guiding her through her 
orgasm.  It was only when she recovered her senses that Patty 
realized that the violent assfucking session had been observed 
from beginning to end.

     It wasn't just Walter standing in the doorway, though, 
grinning at his horny mother.  Margaret was standing and watching 
too.


Chapter Ten:

     "Well, I can see that you're having a good time," Margaret 
purred.  "Is my Henry keeping you happy, Patty?  He's a good 
fucker, isn't he?"

     Patty just lay there, Henry's prick still stiffly embedded 
deep inside her asshole, her eyes shifting rapidly from Margaret 
to Walter as she tried to understand what was going on.  They 
didn't give her time to think.  Margaret crossed the room, sat on 
the edge of the bed and shamelessly caressed Patty's naked body.  
By then Walter had already begun stripping off his clothes.

     "See?  There's nothing really wrong with you, Patty," 
Margaret whispered.  "You're just horny, that's all.  You need a 
lot more fucking than average.  That's why I sent my darling Henry 
over to visit you.  I know what a wonderfully large cock he has.  
You see, darling, you're not the only mother who fucks her own 
son."

     Henry raised his hips, grimacing as he slid his enormous cock 
out of Patty's stretched, tender asshole with a lurid plopping 
sound.  Then he stood in front of his mother, looking at her 
expectantly.  Patty watched, almost unable to believe her eyes as 
Margaret dropped to her knees, facing Henry's gigantic prick.  The 
lad's massive, twitching hard-on was soiled and sticky from 
fucking Patty's asshole.  Margaret obviously didn't care at all.  
She opened her mouth wide and thrust her head forward, stuffing 
her own son's giant cock lance between her lips.

     She does fuck her own son, Patty thought.  The blonde looked 
on in disbelief and growing horniness, seeing the hunger with 
which Margaret's lips clasped around Henry's cock.  Margaret was 
obviously a very hungry, cum-loving cocksucker.  She wrapped her 
fingers tightly around the base of Henry's cock skillfully 
beginning to jack her son's big prick a she sucked and slurped on 
the tip.

     Standing in front of the door, Walter was now completely 
naked.  He held his own huge prick in hand, jacking it slowly as 
he watched.  Margaret sucked loudly and wetly on Henry's hard-on, 
almost seeming to enjoy the taste his prick had acquired from 
fucking Patty's shitter.  Soon the blow job had cleaned every 
trace of shit juice from Henry's organ, leaving it glistening with 
spit from base to tip.

     "Look, Patty."  Margaret took the big boner out of her mouth, 
looking mischievously at her blonde friend.  "I got my son's cock 
all nice and clean for you again.  Now Henry can fuck your pussy, 
while Walter fucks your asshole too!"

     Patty remained where she was, her stiff nipples tingling and 
her pussy getting wet again, gradually understanding the kind of 
incestuous foursome that Margaret proposed.  The last remnants of 
her conscience told her to get out of the room immediately, that 
letting Henry and her own son double-fuck her while Margaret 
watched would be stooping into the very gutter of depravity.  But 
Patty had never been double-fucked before.  Despite the endless 
humping she'd enjoyed that day, her whole body thrilled to the 
thought of being stretched by two enormous, pounding cocks at the 
same time.

     Patty said nothing.  It was the same as giving in.  Henry 
smiled at her, then joined her on the bed again, this time 
stretching out on his back with his enormous, spit-dripping boner 
pulsing obscenely over his stomach.  Patty shared a long, knowing 
look with Margaret.  Then she submissively did what they all 
wanted her to do:  she mounted young Henry, planting her knees on 
the bed to either side of his hips, taking hold of his giant cock 
and directing the rosy knob into her cunt.

     "Doesn't it feel big going in, Patty?" Margaret whispered, 
then looked over her shoulder at Patty's son.

     "Look, Walter.  Don't you like watching your mother's pussy 
stretching around another boy's prick?"

     Walter was watching, still jacking on his own prick, watching 
for the moment when he could bury its throbbing stiffness deep 
inside his mother's bowels.  Patty grimaced, feeling Henry's big 
prick stretching her pussy, the glistening walls of her cunt 
sucking and gripping around its breadth.  She clutched Henry's 
shoulders tightly, wiggling and thrusting her pink-flushed ass 
cheeks, making his stiff cock drive all the way up her buttery 
cunt.

     Henry started thrusting, ramming his mammoth boner into her 
pussy.  Patty felt it disappearing into her, gooshing deep inside 
the innermost depths of her pussy channel.  She shuddered, banging 
her thighs on Henry's hips as she forced his prick all the way in. 
Then she started humping again, fast and hard, rapidly banging her 
tight, juice pussy up and down on Henry's enormous prick.

     "Fuck me," she gasped.  "Ungggh!  Fuck my cunt, Henry, fuck 
my juicy cunt!  Oh, ram it in, Henry!  My pussy wants your prick!"

     Soon the humping unison fell into a fast needy rhythm, with 
Henry clutching Patty's hips and Patty holding onto his shoulders, 
her huge tits jiggling over his chest as she slammed her hairy 
pussy onto his cock as fast as she could.  Suddenly she felt the 
bed sagging behind her, and realized that her son had joined them 
on the bed.  Patty quickly sprawled flat on Henry's chest, eagerly 
awaiting the first skewering thrust of her own son's hard cock 
into her already well-fucked bowels.

     "Spread 'em open, Mom!"

     Patty knew what her son wanted.  She reached behind her back, 
grasping her ass cheeks, spreading them wide to display her pink, 
itchy shit hole to her hung, horny son.  She glanced to her right, 
noticing that Margaret was now squatting against the wall and 
fingerfucking as she watched.  Then Patty forgot everything as she 
felt the first pressure of her son's enormous cock, cleaving into 
the rubbery tightness of her sore, horny shit tunnel.

     "Oh, Walter!" she gasped.  "Fuck Mommy's asshole!  Oh, shit, 
oh, fuck, you've got such a big prick!"

     Walter was already humping hard, moaning with pleasure as he 
felt his mother's tight, aching asshole compressing around his 
prick.  The first part of his cock bored into her shit chute 
easily, and then Walter had to start humping hard to force the 
rest in.

     Patty felt like she was getting fucked by a horse.  Both of 
the pricks were so huge, and having them in her pussy and asshole 
at the same time made them seem even larger.  Only a thin flesh 
membrane divided her pussy and shit tunnel, and that membrane was 
not stretched by the pulsing, chafing length of their cocks.

     Patty felt more overwhelmed with raw fuck need than ever 
before in her life.  Feverishly she started humping between the 
two hung studs, thrusting her cunt onto Henry's prick one moment, 
eagerly fucking her stretched, horny asshole onto Walter's prick.

     Walter grunted, moving his ass, forcing his giant, cum-laden 
cock all the way into the rubber tightness of his mother's shit 
sphincter.  For a moment he lay still, letting his big prick soak 
in the constant, pressurized warmth of her bowels.  Then he 
started fucking again, much harder than before, rhythmically 
drilling his mammoth, aching cock lance through the stretched ring 
of her tight shitter.

     "Fuck my pussy, fuck my asshole!" Patty squealed.

     She was almost screaming out the words now, her whole body 
aching with the most intense pleasure she'd ever felt.  The sweat 
dripped from her body as she humped frantically between them, her 
tit melons jiggling, desperate for as much hard cock as she could 
possible get.

     "Don't shoot off in her," Margaret hissed.  The naked 
brunette was fingerfucking in a frenzy, ramming her fingers in and 
out of her cunt as she watched Patty getting double-fucked.  
"Save...unh...save it for me, boys.  "Don't shoot your cum in her. 
I need to get fucked too!" 

     Then Patty felt herself starting to cum.  She knew instantly 
that it was going to be a big, hard one, as her asshole sucked 
uncontrollably around her son's pounding prick, as her pussy 
spewed cunt oils onto Henry's cock.  The blonde grimaced and 
whipped her ass in a frenzy of passion, desperately trying to take 
in even more of their pricks.

     "Unh, unh!  Fuck my pussy, fuck my asshole now!  Unh!  
Harder, both of you!  I'm cumming now!  Oh, shit, oh, fuck, fuck 
the shit out of me!  Cumming, cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

     Her twin, ravished fuck channels spasmed violently, gripping 
the two giant cocks, holding them deep inside her body as the cum 
pounded through her loins again and again.  The cum lasted for 
nearly a minute, and both Henry and Walter kept fucking her 
violently through every second of it.  When the spasm finally 
subsided, Patty was on the verge of unconsciousness.  She offered 
no protest as her son pulled his huge prick out of her tender 
asshole, giving her room to slide off of Henry's cock and crumple 
on the floor beside the bed.

     "God, I can't wait," Margaret hissed.

     Henry was still lying there, his giant prick pulsing over his 
belly, now waiting eagerly for another chance to fuck his own 
mother.  Margaret swiftly straddled him, taking Patty's place, 
planting her knees on the bed to either side of his hips.  She 
reached down, taking hold of his stiff prick, directing the knob 
into her cunt.  Margaret held onto Henry's shoulders and wiggled 
her tight little ass in a downward spiral, shuddering and panting 
as she felt her pussy being stuffed with the cum-bloated thickness 
of Henry's prick.

     "Now fuck my asshole, Walter!" she gasped.  "Hurry, hurry!"

     Margaret was sprawled forward, crushing her tits on her son's 
chest.  She reached behind her back, shamelessly displaying her 
pink, puckered asshole to Patty's son.  Walter swiftly climbed 
onto the bed again, his prick throbbing harder than ever.  Looking 
up at them from the floor, Patty watched dazedly as Walter fit his 
swollen cock tip into the puckered gateway of Margaret's bowels.

     "Ungggh!  Feels good, Walter!" Margaret cried.  "Fuck my 
horny asshole now!  Oh, please, fuck my horny asshole!"

     Walter started humping, grimacing with pleasure as he sank 
his prick into the narrow, spasming shit hole, as he felt 
Margaret's shitting muscles sucking around his cock.  Margaret 
wiggled her ass to help him shove his cock in, her pussy still 
throbbing rhythmically around Henry's cock.  A half of Walter's 
cock plowed up her asshole, then two-thirds.  Walter grunted and 
fucked down hard, drilling every inch of his enormous, cum-laden 
boner into the sucking grip of Margaret's bowels.

     It felt incredibly good.  Margaret had sample nearly every 
sexual variation known, but she had never really had her fill of 
double-fucking.  The two cocks stuffed inside her at the same time 
felt even bigger than they really were, stuffing her loins 
completely with hard, throbbing cock meat.  Margaret grimaced and 
flushed, her face contorting with the intense pleasure of fucking. 
Then she started humping fast and hard, feverishly trying to fuck 
both of the big pricks at once.

     "Fuck me, fuck meeee!" she gasped.  "Unh, unh, fuck Mommy's 
pussy, Henry!  Oh, please, Walter, fuck the shit out of my horny 
little asshole!  Oh, hard, do it hard!  I need to cum so fucking 
much!"

     Walter pulled out, withdrawing until only the hear-shaped 
crown of his hard-on distended her anal lips.  He paused, then 
rammed his cock even deeper up her ass.  Then he started fucking 
the naked, horny brunette with a quick, driving rhythm, tirelessly 
spearing his enormous prick in and out of her horny, itchy 
shitter.

     "Fuck Mommy's pussy, Henry!"

     Henry responded, humping his ass to meet Walter's rhythm, 
drilling his cock in and out of his mother.  Walter fucked harder, 
his prick swelling progressively stiffer in the rubbery grip of 
Margaret's asshole, growing close to showering her bowels with 
jizz.  Soon both of the hung young studs were humping as hard as 
they could, guiding Margaret to the peak of ecstasy, ramming their 
pricks in and out of her horny, writhing body.

     "I'm cumming!" Margaret cried suddenly.

     The orgasm burst violently deep inside her belly, radiating 
through her pussy and asshole, making the twin fuck holes spasm 
even harder around their cocks.

     "Unnggggh!  Fuck my pussy, fuck my asshole!  Oh, shit, I love 
it!  Cumming now!  Unh, unh, cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

     Henry cried out, fucking his hips as high off the bed as he 
could, slamming his prick to the hilt in his mother's cum-
throbbing, juice-spewing pussy.  Even in the middle of her cum, 
Margaret groaned with intense satisfaction as the milky-white cock 
juice started spewing out of Henry's cock, flooding torrentially 
deep inside her cunt.  Henry fucked harder than ever, draining his 
load into his mother, feeling the sappy white goo running out of 
her furry cuntslit and puddling luridly on his stomach.

     Walter rammed down hard, sinking his prick to the hilt in her 
asshole.  Then he started cumming too, shooting his load of cock 
juice deep inside the brunette's pulsing ass.  Margaret's 
shameless smile widened as she felt her rubber shit tunnel being 
showered with more cream.  Eagerly she kept bucking and humping 
between them, now flexing her shit sphincter to drain the last 
gooey droplets out of Walter's cock.

     And, watching from the floor, Patty had already begun finger-
fucking as fast as she could.  She knew that the boys would keep 
their cocks hard, ready to fuck their mothers all day and night.  
Patty knew now that she couldn't restrain the intensity of her 
passion for fucking, and she knew that she didn't want to.  She 
simply lived for the joy of having her pussy and asshole reamed, 
or slurping on her son's enormous cock, sucking the tasty cock 
juice out of her own son's big prick.


                           THE END

--
