 Copyright (c) 1997 Lisa Cohn.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.




                  #######################################   
                  #                                     #
                  #          The Talent Contest         #
                  #                                     #
                  #                  by                 #
                  #                                     #
                  #               Lisa Cohn             #
                  #                                     #
                  #            (December 1995)          #
                  #                                     #
                  #######################################


     Every year for the past 27 years Johnson Roberts School has held its
talent contest for all the young students aged 12 to 14. In the weeks and 
months preceding the event there is a flurry of activity with youngsters 
organisaing and practising their party pieces. There have been several
calls for the contest to be scrapped as grades fall during this period.
However, the event survives as "part of the overall socialization and
education of the child at Johnson Roberts School".

     This is the story of three 12 year old girls - Megan, Beth and
Sam - and their first appearance in the contest which ultimately
lead them to find hidden talents none of them ever dreamed they had!


                       ***********************

                     Chapter 1.     Starting out.
                     
                       ***********************

     School had finished for the day but the classrooms still rang with
the sounds of children. Practice for the contest was a serious business. 
Feet tapping, batons twirling, poems recited and songs sung. Each room 
contained a future 'star' or group of 'stars' going through their paces. 
Parents were allowed in to help their children practise their particular
art, so the teachers hid in offices or went home early. The parent of
a child involved in such a contest is a volotile creature!!

     In room 27 at the end of the North corridor there was little noise as 
three girls sat together in a huddle. There was an important decision to
be made. Piles of sheet music surrounded them as they waded through what
seemed to be the complete history of the 'popular' song. They needed a 
number and were no closer to finding it than they were yesterday or the
day before. There were three main piles  -  maybe, possibly and NEVER!
As time marched on and the 'maybe' pile was being slowly diminished until
there were but two songs remaining. It was 4.30 and they needed to tell
Mr Croucher which number they would sing for the contest by 5.00.
Finally the decision was made and the title was scribbled onto the entry
form and rushed down to Croucher's room at the other end of the corridor.
They were in time  -  just, and were now officially entered in the
Johnson Roberts School Talent Contest.

"All we've got to do now is practise." said Megan as they walked back
to room 27 to clear up the discarded song sheets.
"We're eating at six so come round after 6.30 and we can practise for a 
bit. Mom and Dad are going to some meeting and won't be back until 9.00 
so we'll have the house to ourselves."
The girls finished tidying the room and made their way to the parking lot.
Megan's Mom was sitting in the car waiting for them. Their conversation
was excited and animated all the way home and they could not wait to start
rehersing. Beth and Sam were dropped at the end of the road and
hurried off to eat and get changed.

Right on 6.30 the doorbell rang and Megan flew out of her bedroom and down
the stairs, her long blonde hair flowing behind her. Her blue eyes 
sparkling with excitement.
 "I'll get it." she yelled as she reached the door. Standing
on the doorstep were Beth and Sam, ready to conquer the music and
lyrics they had chosen.
"Hi! Come in. I've set the keyboard up in the den so we can get straight
to work."
The two girls marched in, laughing and giggling, singing snatches of the
melody that was to be their entry. Megan led them down to the den and 
produced three copies of the music.
"Dad let me use the photocopier in his study. Now we all have a copy." she
told them. This was serious stuff, it was like being professionals walking
into the studio to cut another track for their CD. For half an hour they 
played around with the keyboard, not wishing to start the business of 
serious rehearsal until Megan's parents had left the house. They knew that 
their first attempts would be embarrassing and so they would wait  -  
impatiently! At last they heard Megan's mother shout that they were off 
and would be back about nine. The door slammed behind her and the three 
girls sighed a collective sigh of relief and got down to work.

     As Megan started to play the melody the other two little girls sang:

         "You must remember this, a kiss is just a kiss,
          A sigh is just a sigh ..............."

It sounded truely awful. Megan was no pianist and could not keep up a 
steady rhythm, Sam and Beth did not know the tune or words well
enough to keep together. It was a complete mess. Not to be put off they
carried on for about an hour, but even then the music was disjointed and
Megan hadn't sung a note being too busy concentrating on playing the
right notes.                                                            

They didn't hear Megan's 15 year old brother, Tim, come down into the 
den, but they certainly heard him! He was quite a well built young man,
with blond wavey hair and blue eyes. They were burning with anger.
"What the hell are you doing with my keyboard!" he roared.
"We're practising for the talent show." replied Megan.
"You didn't ask if you could borrow it, did you? No! "
"You weren't here to ask." retorted Megan.
Tim calmed down a little. He remembered how he had entered the contest
last year, playing some piece by Mozart, on the piano. 
"What are you going to do then?" he asked with a sneer.
"Shall we play a bit of it for him?" asked Sam.
"Do we have too?" complained Beth.
"Yes you do!" said Tim.

There was a brief pause and Megan struck up the first note and they began 
the song. Tim looked and listened for a few moments. He tried so hard not 
to laugh out loud, but he just couldn't help himself. Megan slammed her
hands down on the keys. 
"Well, we've only just started!" she yelled.
Tim felt rather sorry for them. Even if they did get better it would still
be a disaster and they would be a laughing stock. He looked at their sad
little faces and realised that he must help them.

"Do you want me to play for you?" he asked.
"Would you? It would be a help." replied Megan realising her brother was
serious.
"Come one." he said and moved over behind the keyboard. "After 4.  
1, 2, 3, 4."
He played the first few bars of the accompaniment and the girls sang. It
sounded so much better already. Tim stopped abruptly.
"Why have you stopped?" asked Sam.
"I've got an idea." replied Tim. "Look, I know what it's like to be in
the contest, I did it last year remember. You're going to need a backing 
track to sing to so why don't I make one up for you on a tape?"
"Please!" said the three girls together. For the first time in over an hour
the girls were feeling happier about the whole idea. Tim was enjoying the
idea of being a musical director - even if it was for three little girls.

"I'll take the keyboard back to my room and play around with it for a while
and see what I can come up with. In the meantime you can learn the words
and try and get the tune right!"
With that he unplugged the keyboard and stode off upstairs with it tucked
under his arm.


                       ***********************

                   Chapter 2.   Getting it together!

                       ***********************
                               

     The girls would have to wait for three days until Tim finally had
a tape that they could work with. During the intervening time they worked
at learning the lyrics and getting the tune almost right. At school all 
anyone could talk about was the talent show and how well their 'act' was
going. Megan was beginning to get worried that Tim couldn't produce a
tape afterall and that they would have to drop out. What humiliation!
By the third day since their first rehearsal she had camped outside her 
brother's bedroom ever since he had come home from school. She could not 
hear what he was up to as he had purposely rigged up his headphones.
Suddenly the door opened and there he was, standing in front of her
waving a tape wildly in the air.
"Done it! Done it!" he cried triumphantly.
"Let me hear it!" shouted Megan excitedly.
"No. Get Beth and Sam round and we'll have a rehearsal."
Megan dived for the phone and within five minutes the three girls were
sitting in the den watching Tim set up his Hi-Fi.
"Ready?" he asked with a broad grin.
"Yes, yes. Get on with it."
"Right. Here goes." He pressed the play button and after a few second of 
silence the introduction began. The girls faces were a picture. They 
could hear all manner of instruments playing. It sounded like one of
the Karaoke tapes that Sam had been given for Christmas last year, only
this was different, better somehow. It was theirs!

The tape finished and the girls sat amazed. It was too good to be true.
Tim was well pleased. the girls chattered excitedly about the song while
he rewound the tape and got them to stand round a copy of the music. He
started it again and the girls sang. Great. They practised for nearly 
two hours, Tim taking them through it section by section. He managed to 
get them to sing a couple of bit in three part harmony. It was going to 
sound really good with some hard work and for the next week they put much
of their spare time into rehearsing. The talent contest was only a week 
away but they were ready.

     Tim came home early the following day and could hear that the girls 
were already hard at work. he read a note pinned to the noticeboard in the 
kitchen that said that Mom and Dad would be home a little late as they had
driven over to Dunscombe to look at a new car. They would not be back until
7 and so the kids would have to feed themselves. He helped himself to
something to eat and went to go down to the den. Instead of singing he 
could hear fits of giggles. He carefully opened the door and peaked in.
Through the small opening he could see the girls gyrating around to the
music. Although it was a slow song. specially chosen to appeal to the 
judges, they were thrusting their hips backwards and forwards in time to
the beat. Then they pushed their chests forward and made like a stripper
swinging the tassles on her tits. Tim sat and watched for a while, 
finishing his sandwich. He was fascinated as all three turned their backs
on him and stuck out their little arses, waggling them about. In between
bouts of laughter the girls were trying out all sorts or erotic movements.

     Tim had never thought of them in anything but a big brother fashion,
afterall they were only twelve years old. But he was beginning to get
aroused by the laughter and dancing. He looked more closely.

Beth was a pretty girl. She had dark red hair and cute little freckles on 
her face. She was beginning to develop quite nicely too, he thought to 
himself, watching her little pointed breasts bouncing and poking out through her t-shirt as she moved. She had a trim little waist and her hips were 
getting quite curvey. 

Sam was shorter than the others and more 'dumpy'. Her short, tight, brown 
curls made her face look thinner. Tim thought that he could make out her
breasts as she danced, but they were not so well developed as Beths. She
didn't have her curves either, but when she turned round Tim could see
her lovely little rump. It was clear through the material of the dress
she was wearing. It was quite big, but tight - without the sag that women
get as their arses grow. he could make out the line of her panties through
the material. Small, skimpy little things!

By now Tim was getting very arouse and he felt his prick pressing against
his shorts begging to be let out for a breath of fresh air. He looked at
Megan. She was the best of the lot, he thought. Her breasts were about the
same as Beths, but she was that little bit taller. The curve of her hips
lead down to a pair of lovely legs. Her long blonde hair looked silky as
it flowed around her dancing body. He imagined which panties she was 
wearing. He knew the design and color of all of them, having had to 
untangle them from his in the dryer on many occasions.

     The fits of giggles continues the girls stood in a line, pushed 
their hips forward and slowly rubbed their hands over their crotches, just
like they had seen so many of the rock stars do in their videos. Tim
watched in amazement as the three little girls cavorted in front of him.
He couldn't take any more and rushed to the bathroom to relieve his poor
prick. This having been done in just a couple of strokes he returned to the 
den, rebuking himself for having had erotic thoughts about three 12 year old
girls  - one of them his SISTER!. What would his friends think if they 
knew! Well, he wasn't going to tell -- was he!

     By the time he returned the tape had finished and the girls were
lying on the floor engulfed in fits of laughter. They stopped as he walked
down the stairs, looking at him rather sheepishly.
"What have you been doing?" he asked.
"We've been trying out some dance steps to go with the song." giggled Sam
and the three girls burst out laughing again.
"That's a good idea." said Tim. "You know the song so now you should work 
on the presentation. Are you going to show me then?"
The girls made a variety of excuses as to why they couldn't show him.
"They're only ideas, nothing fixed yet." said Megan. Tim thought he would
let them off the hook and didn't pursue the matter, much to the girls
relief. Tim sat in the big chair by the Hi-Fi and they talked about what 
sort of dance or moves they would do during the song. Then Beth suddenly 
realized that they had not thought about what they would wear.

     It was decided that the moves and their dress should be conservative,
afterall the contest was going to be judged by a couple of teachers and
some old woman from the board of education who had been a judge every year
since the contest had started 27 years ago. Finally they decided on
white blouses, black skirts and short white ankle socks. Sam wasn't sure
that this would look good so Beth suggested that they went home and got
their clothes from home and would try them on together and go through a
routine. They left in a hurry only to return ten minutes later with all
the bits and pieces in bags  - they weren't going to walk down the street 
dressed up like that!

     When they returned to the den Tim was busy setting up Dad's video
camera. He and Megan had thought that they could record the dance and then
play it back and see what it looked like. Megan disappeared and collected
her own clothes from her room, she had been too busy with Tim to do it
earlier. The three girls had brought a selection of different bits and
pieces and sat on the floor going through them trying to find which
would make them look most alike. Sam still didn't like the idea of white
blouses, but Tim told her that there were colored lights on the stage 
and that these would be picked up on the white and make them look really
good. 

     Having settled on what they would wear Megan said:
"Right, come on, let's try them on." and with that she undid the belt of
her jeans and let them drop to the floor. Beth and Sam looked at eachother.
Tim was still in the room! They couldn't change with him there. Megan
carried on without a thought. She often walked round the house in her
underwear, so did Tim, and neither thought anything of it. Tim busied 
himself with the camera and Beth just looked at Sam, shrugged and pulled
down her jeans too. Being shrewd, Tim had turned his back on the girls but
was secretly looking at them in the mirror in the corner. Sam gave in and 
got Megan to unhook the back of her dress and pulled it over her head. 
Megan took off her t-shirt and threw it over onto the couch with her jeans.
Beth looked a bit anxious but followed suit. Tim could hardly believe his
eyes as he realised that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her naked breasts were
exposed to the world. His prick twitched and burst into life again. He 
turned and watched as the girls pulled at the clothes trying to remember
which ones they had chosen.

     Tim thought he had died and gone to heaven. He could almost the whole
of Beth's little body - and what a body. His eyes traced the outline of
her breasts and dropped lower gaping at her white 'sensible school'panties.
He could see that they had ridden up slightly and were pulling in between 
her outer lips showing him a sort of silhouette of her cunt. His prick 
twitched again. His gaze switched to Sam who was wearing a halter top, 
through which he could just see two little points sticking out. He had 
been right, she was wearing the skimpiest of blue panties which hardly 
covered anything. Like Beth's they were pulled quite tight into her body, 
but had slipped slightly to one side. He was getting an eyeful of part of 
her pussy. He must have groaned of something because suddenly the girls 
became aware of him watching.

"Hey, don't look!" cried Megan.
Tim was going to say 'sorry' but just blurted out "Why not? You're three
really good looking girls!"
Beth and Sam turned away from him, their faces turning bright red with
embarrassment.
"It's not right, Tim." said Megan. Then she noticed the bulge pressing
against the front of his jeans. "Wow! Your thing's gone stiff!"
"You're turning me on. I can't help it." he explained.
By this time Beth had turned slghtly to take a look at Tim. Sam crouched
on the floor covered by a white blouse, not daring to move in case she
showed this boy anything.
"It did it earlier too." continued Tim. "I came home early and saw you
practising your dance routine. Real Sexy!" He laughed as he pretended to
rub his hand over his prick.
Megan blushed and said "Right. If you say anything I'll tell Mom and Dad
about you and Davey Adams. I saw you playing with your things in the
bathroom a couple of years ago!"
"You wouldn't!" he protested.
"I will. "
Tim was now the one covered with embarrassment. He had not know that his
young experiments with his best friend Davey had been witnessed. 
Sam relaxed a little thinking that he couldn't tell a soul what he had
seen. She too turned to have a look at the bulge in his jeans.

"You'll have to show Beth and Sam or they'll tell too!" said Megan.
"Show them my prick? You must be joking." choked Tim.
"Do you want to see what it looks like?" Megan asked her friends.
They both nodded shyly and looked at Tim.
"Strip right off and show us." ordered Megan, watching her brother's
embarrassment grow.
"Okay," he said, "but only if you'll do your dance routine for me
afterwards  -  NUDE!"
Megan looked at her two friends. Beth smiled wickedly at her and mouthed
"Yes", her eyes gleaming with excitement. Sam just stared at Tim, her
right hand scratching at the material covering her mound.
"Deal. You first!" said Megan.

Tim decided that as they were going to give him a show he would give them
one too.  He slowly removed his t-shirt and flexing his muscles as much
as he could made a great show of tossing it over onto the couch. Then
he lifted each foot in turn and removed his socks, twirling them around
his head and sending them off in the same direction as the t-shirt. He 
placed his hands on the waistband of his jeans and tugged at the top 
button. As it did so the little girls eyes opened wider. Down with the 
zip and the front parted, his prick pushing his shorts forward towards
them. He slid the jeans down his legs and stepped out of them, nearly
tripping and falling over. Sam giggled, her hand moving faster across
the front of her panties.
"Now show us your prick!" demanded Megan.
Tim was not going to stand for any more teasing. He grabbed his shorts
and pulled them down to his knees his prick standing proundly to
attention pointing six inches from his body. He heard the girls gasp
as he revealed himself to them.
"Wow, it's bigger than I remember." said Megan.
"That's because I'm older now you idiot!" rebuked Tim. He turned slightly
to give them a different view, then pulled it down so that when he let
go it bounced back up into the air. Sam's pulled her hand away from
herself revealing a beautiful little damp patch on her panties.

"Now it's your turn! Dance!" ordered Tim.
He walked over to the Hi-Fi ready to turn on the tape.
The three girls stripped their remaining clothing and stood in a line
before him. What a sight, three little girls, completely naked just for
him. He looked at each of them in turn for a few moments before turning on 
the tape. He could see Sam's tiny. little tits with the nipples sticking
out in front. Beth's breasts were larger, round and firm. Her nipples were
sticking out too. He looked at Sam's cunt. Not a trace of hair to cover
her delights, her lips were parted slightly and he could see a fraction of
pink flesh protruding. As she moved he could see it glisten. Beth's cunt
had the faintest of coverings of new red hair. It's darker appearance
made a wonderful contrast to Sam. 

Megan stood with her legs an inch or two apart revealing even more cunt
than the others. Tim's could see through the small amount of whispy,
light hair that she too was aroused, showing just a small amount of
pink flesh. Her breasts were more pointed than Beth's, but the nipple
and surrounding tissue were a deeper red color. 
"Very nice! Very nice indeed!" he said, and his prick twitched and nodded
in agreement. He turned on the tape and sat back on the couch ready to
enjoy the show. 

The music started and the girls slowly moved their bodies to and fro'.
There were certain bits that he remembered and was waiting for. 
"Oh, Yes." he exclaimed as they pushed their tender cunts towards him,
back and forth, back and forth. Any inhibition was now lost and the girls
were enjoying the show too. Tim was stroking his prick slowly and gently,
he didn't want to cum just yet. He watched with open mouth as the girls
swung their pert breasts at him. He was captivated at the different way
Beth's moved as opposed to Megan's, his eyes switching between the two
as they danced in front of him. Now they turned and bent over a little and
rolled their arses. Sam had bent much further over than the other two,
purposely exposing more of herself to him. He could see her brown 
sphincter and down to her cunt lips which by now had spread even further
exposing even more beautiful pink flesh. He groaned, trying deperately
not to quicken his stroke. Three lovely tight arses staring back at him.
They turned back towards him. This was the bit he wanted to see more than
any other. Each girl placed their left hand on their hip and the right
over their mound and started rubbing up and down, pushing their hips
forward with each stroke. The slow tempo of the music added to the
excitement as each stroke had to be more deliberate. Tim looked at Sam,
her eyes tightly closed as her hand moved back and forth. She was moaning
a little. The other two girls stopped and looked at her too. By now she
had one finger sliding through the lips of her cunt and was massaging her
clit. Her speed increased, paying no attention to the tempo of the music,
and she bucked her hips with each stroke. She started to groan a little
loader.
"God, she's going to bring herself off in front of all of us!" thought Tim, 
and with that he could take no more and he let out a cry and came. The cry
made Sam open her eyes, and all three girls looked in astonishment as a
stream of white semen shot from Tim's prick onto the floor. He cried again
and a second, third and fourth followed, each diminishing in length. He 
was done, a small bead of cum shining on the tip of his prick.

"That was fantastic!" he said, and the three girls grinned back at him.
"Was that 'cum'?" asked Megan.
"Yeh, that's cum!" smiled Tim.
"Wow!!" chorused the three girls together.
Suddenly becoming aware of what had happened and where they were Tim looked
at the clock on the wall. It was only just past 5 o'clock. His parents 
wouldn'tbe back for another two hours. What else could happen!

Beth and Megan had turned their attention to Sam.
"What WERE you doing?" said Megan excitedly.
"I was rubbing my clit. It's great. Don't you do it?"
"Not like that!" gasped Beth.
"My sister Rowanne showed me how to do it. She's the same age as Tim. I've
been doing it for a couple of months now, but it's never been as good as 
this!"
Beth and Megan were VERY interested.
"Could you show us?" asked Beth.
"It's easy  -  watch." and with that moved over to the couch and sat next
to Tim. He too was very interested in the demonstration. She spread her
legs wide, placed her hand between them and started to rub the outside
of her cunt, then she slipped one finger in between the parting flaps of 
skin. She used her other hand to part them further so that the others 
could see what she was doing. They could see right into her hole as she 
massaged the little pink bud above it. The she placed one finger inside 
her whilst still working on her clit. She was moaning louder again, and
this time she was going to cum. There would be no stopping her. The others
watched as her fingers became wetter and wetter as her juices flowed from
her 12 year old body. Her hand moved faster, finger moving in and out and 
working her clit. Her breathing was becoming more rapid, in short little 
gasps. She was groaning and wimpering a little too. Suddenly she started 
to buck her hips violently and worked faster and faster. She went into 
spasm, arching her back and letting out a cry of pleasure. Her petite 
body shook a little, then relaxed and she let out a gasp of air and 
gulped for more.
"Oh yes, Oh yes! That was so good!" see whispered.
Tim looked at Beth and Megan. They were sat on the floor in front of him
rubbing away for all they were worth. Each of them had a glazed 
expression on their face as they felt the pleasures of solo sex for the
first time. Beth came first with a loud cry, and before her body had
relaxed Megan had followed her into ecstasy.

Tim's prick was rock hard again. He had come home from school expecting
to help his little sister and her friends sing a song, and now here
they all were having cum in front of eachother.

For a few minutes they just sat in silence, no one saying a word. Tim
was thinking of something he'd seen in the porno mags Davey had lent him.
"Have you ever had your cunt licked?" he eventually asked Sam.
"My sister wanted me to lick her, but I wouldn't." she replied.
"You mean girls do it to eachother?" winced Megan.
"Oh yes, Rowanne does it with Jeannie Barlow, but don't tell anyone I told
you  -  she'd kill me if she found out. I saw them in her bedroom last
week, well, I peeked through the keyhole."
"Would you let me lick yours?" Tim asked her, expecting a firm rejection.
"Alright!" she said after a moment of consideration.

Tim couldn't believe his luck. He was going to taste pussy for the first
time in his life. He couldn't care less that the pussy was only 12. Sam
stayed on the couch and spread her legs again. Nervously, Tim moved and
knelt in front of her. He pushed his head closer and smelled the aroma
of a young girl's sex. She held herself open for him and he nestled right 
up to her cunt and licked at the pink flesh. Now he tasted a young girl's
sex. Morr aroused and excited then ever he began to make longer strokes
with his tongue. Sam was beginning to squim and writhe around on the
couch and started to slip a finger into her hole. Tim brought up his right
hand and pulled hers away, inserting his own. She shuddered and groaned 
louder as she felt his finger penetrate her body. Her little girl juices
flowed freely again, and Tim lapped them up. What a taste. Gradually he
eased his finger further into her tight cunt. First knuckle ......
second knuckle ........... then he felt her hymen stretch at his finger
touched it. In his inexperience he thought that he had reached the full
depth of her hole, well she was only 12 afterall.
"Careful," whispered Sam, in between moans, "Dont break it, please."
Tim remembered his school lessons, put two and two together and worked
it out himself!

Sam suddenly cried out again and climaxed from the licking and fingering of
her friend's brother. She grabbed him by his blond hair and pulled his
head hard against her. She had come twice in twenty minutes  -  fantastic!

Tim slumped on the floor with his back to the couch. My God, he'd nearly
suffocated in there! He looked to see if Beth and Megan had enjoyed the 
show, but what he saw took his breath away - again. Beth was lying on the
floor with her legs wide open and Megan was greedily licking at her cunt.
Shit! He was watching his twelve year old sister eat pussy! Megan was 
rolling Beth's little clit around with her tongue making her friend breathe
harder and faster. Beth was close to coming again and cried out. Tim 
moves closer to get a better look at what was going on. He knelt next
to the girls fascinated by the way Beth's little breasts bounced as she
was driven higher by Megan's tongue. He reached forward and started to 
stroke each one in turn. He felt the rock hard nipples between his fingers
and stroked around them, making Beth moan and writhe even more. He bent
over her young body and took a nipple into his mouth and sucked on it like
there was no tomorrow. In a matter of seconds, Beth's body tensed, then
quivered and she let out a shrill "Yesssssssss!" as her second climax
rippled through her entire body. She relaxed and lay on the floor panting
and exhausted. Tim and Megan sat back feeling elated at what they had just
done for Beth. 

Sam had come across to join them and told Megan to lie down.
"It's your turn now!" she smiled.
Megan did as she was told and spread her legs wide. Sam gently rubbed her 
hands over Megan's body, over her firm breasts, then her belly and finally
acoss her cunt. Megan jumped a little, leaking juice like she had never
done before. Sam moved forward slightly and placed her mouth against
Megan's opening, giggling a little as the fine pubic hair tickled her
around her mouth. She was more the expert than the others as she knew where
to go to straight away. Megan purred like a kitten as her friend's tongue
delved deep into her pussy, then up and round her aching bud. She began to
writhe and grind her hips, increasing the pleasure, then she had her
second climax, so much greater than the first. She gripped her friend's 
shoulders, letting the waves of orgasmic pleasure pulse through her.

Tim began to think of all the things he'd dreamt of, or seen in the Davey's
porno magazine. He looked at the clock again  -  not yet six  -  there
was still time for some more fun and games! his thoughts were disturbed by
the sound of the telephone ringing in the hallway. Shit! Why couldn't they
wait until later! He told the girls to keep quiet and lifted the receiver on the extension phone in the den.
"Hello?" he said.
"Hi, Tim.  It's Dad. We've got back early, the car was too expensive - they
got the price wrong in the advertisement in the paper. Mom and I are going
to do the food shop now instead of tomorrow. Is there anything you want?
Mom's nearly finished."
"Er, No Dad." Tim could see Megan's face drop with horror.
"Okay son, we'll see you in about fifteen minutes. 'Bye."
"'Bye Dad." stammered Tim.
"What's happened?" asked Megan.
"It's alright" replied Tim "It's just that they've got back early and are
doing the food shop tonight, but they'll be back in fifteen minutes."
For the next fifteen minutes there was pandamoniumas the four youngsters
dressed themselves and tidied the room. Sam and Beth decided that it would
be best if they went home, rehearsal could wait for one more day. First
they had to wash their faces so that the tell-tale signs of love juice 
wouldn't give their secret away. Megan decided to go to her room, and left
Tim to finish packing the video camera away. What a waste of time setting 
that up she thought to herself as she climbed the stairs.

When their parents came in Megan and Tim came to meet them. They helped
pack away the groceries and sat round the table whilst Mom prepared a
few bits and pieces for them to eat. Then Dad appeared at the door.
"Okay. What's been going on in the den?" he asked.
Megan's face went bright red and she looked at the ground in shame. Her
father had found out  -  God was he going to be mad. 
"Sorry Dad." said Tim.
"I've told you I don't want you to smoke, and if you really must try it
then DON'T do it in the house." He paused for a moment, then continued.
"That's the last time I'll tell you young man.  Next time there will be
big trouble, and I mean BIG trouble.
Megan stared at Tim. What did Dad mean? Later Tim told her that their
activities in the den had made the room smell all musty with odours of 
their sex. Mom and Dad were bound to recognise the smell and be mad as hell
so he came up with the idea of smoking a cigarette down there to cover it
up. He knew he'd get into trouble, but far less than if their parents
found out what really was going on!         


                       ************************

                      Chapter 3. More rehearsals!

                       ************************
  

     The next day the girls went to school together as usual. There was
no talk of the events of the previous night, just knowing looks and
giggles. They had arranged another 'practice' for that afternoon, but
were disappointed when they found out that Tim had to stay late for some
reason and would not be home until after Mom. Even when he did get in they
did not get a chance to get up to anything as Mom wanted them to show her
the routine. They performed quite well, but they still needed a little 
practice.
"That's great Honey," she said. "But you'll have to work on it over the 
weekend. Dad and I will be going to the golf club tomorrow afternoon, so
you can have the house to yourselves then."
What an opportunity! They wouldn't miss it for the world!
    

The next day was Saturday, so no school. The morning dragged somewhat
even though the children busied themselves with their chores. At one
o'clock Sam and Beth arrived and the three girls changed into their
outfits ready to start. Tim set up his Hi-Fi in the den and they got
down to work. The girls looked great in the black and white. It wasn't too 
sexy, but it certainly turned Tim on as he imagined the delights that lay 
beneath. Mom and Dad had not left yet and kept coming in to see how things 
were going, so Tim had to make do with the odd flash of panties when they
weren't looking. Sam took great delight in showing him just how wet her
cunt was. He little panties were almost dripping, it looked like she had 
pee'd herself. 

The movements were coming on, nothing to elaborate just syncronised for 
effect. Sam stood in the middle with the two taller girls one on either 
side. They had learned the words, the harmonies and the steps. It was 
going to be great, no way would anyone laugh at them now. 

By two o'clock Mom and Dad were ready to go. They said goodbye and the
four youngsters listened to the car start, then drive off down the road
towards the golf club. As soon as they thought that it was safe they 
breathed a collective sigh of relief. Tim walked over to Sam and kissed 
her squarely on the mouth. He cradled the back of her head in his hand as 
she leant back slightly. With his free hand he began to open the buttons 
on her blouse, then slipped it inside to massage her tiny breasts. His 
prick was already erect in anticipation, and his jeans bulged at the
front. Suddenly he felt two pairs of hands busy themselves with his belt
buckle, buttons and zip. Sam pulled herself away from him and joined the
others as they proceeded to strip him. Gently they eased first his jeans,
then his shorts down around his ankles. Beth lifted one foot and Sam 
freed the leg from its restriction. They repeated the operation with the
other leg leaving Tim standing in front of them with just his t-shirt,
smile and a rock hard prick!

Now it seemed that Davey Adams wasn't the only one lending out porno mags.
Apparently Jeannie Barlow had let Sam's sister Rowanne borrow one and
Sam had taken it from Rowanne's secret hiding place in her closet. She
had shown Megan and Beth a few things yesterday and now they were all keen 
to try them out on Tim. As it had been Sam's idea she was going to go
first. She knelt down in front of Tim and took hold of his prick with her
right hand. She rubbed it up and down a few times and then clamped her
mouth over the end of it. Tim almost came at once, but managed to control
himself. Sam was gently licking all around the head, sliding her tongue
around and around. Tim moaned. Gradually she took more and more of him 
into her mouth. He could feel his prick touch the back of her mouth. She 
paused for a second not wanting to gag. Holding the base of his shaft
she began to move her head backwards and forwards, gripping the sides with
her mouth. Tim felt that feeling welling up inside him. 
"I'm going to cum!" he shouted breathlessly.
Sam slid his prick out of her mouth just as the first shot of cum flew
from the end of his prick. It splashed all over her face and ran down,
dripping onto her chest below. She stopped for a second to look at the 
others. Beth and Megan both gave her a reassuring look. Sam put her hand
to her face and transferred a large glob of cum onto her finger. She took
a deep breath and pushed her finger into her mouth. She ran the white
creamy liquid around her mouth a couple of times, then swallowed.
"What does it taste like!" burst out Megan.
"It's kind of salty and thick, not bad though. Here try some."
She scooped another glob from her front and offered her finger to Megan.
She moved forward and sucked on the finger, taking her brother's cum into 
her mouth.
"Mmm, I see what you mean." Sam leaned across to Beth and let her lick 
another glob from her finger.
"Yeh, you're right. Not bad, kind of salty." she said. Sam cleaned up the
rest of Tim's cum  -  she was having that for herself. Then she turned her
attention back to his drooping prick. She wanted that last little bit
that always clung on to the end of the head.

"Oh Sam, that was so good  - so very, very good." moaned Tim.
"We've got something else for you to try now" giggled Beth. "Close your
eyes and don't open them until we say so."
Tim closed his eyes and waited for a few seconds, then Beth said "Okay,
you can open them now."
Sam and Beth took his arms and turned him round. There on the couch with
her skirt hitched up and legs apart was Megan.
"I want you to lick me!" she said beckoning him over towards her.
"But,  but,  you're my sister!" He stammered.
"So what, it's not like we're going all the way is it."
Tim didn't need a second invitation and moved over to the couch and sank
down in front of her. The others gathered round to watch as Megan parted
her outer lips and Tim drove his tongue deep into her love hole. They
continued to watch for a while then moved away to amuse themselves. As Tim
lapped at his sister's pussy he reached up with one hand and began to 
massage her breasts. She shuddered and moaned as he ran his hand over her 
protruding nipples. This was absolutely mind blowing. He was licking his 
sister's cunt and was going to make her come.
                                  
During the next hour they all took turns with eachother. When Tim had
recovered enough he let Beth suck his prick. The next load is for her
he thought as he climaxed and sent a shot of cum into her mouth. She
managed to hold it in her mouth for a while, making sure she got a good
taste, then swallowed hard. Later it would be Megan's turn.

Tim lay on the couch for a while, letting his mind wander through the
memories of the last hour or so. He was joined by Sam who snuggled up next
to him. This was nice, together and warm. He could feel her heart beating
and smell the fresh smell of her hair as it pressed into his face. They
lay together for about 10 minutes, cuddling and stoking eachother. Sam was
such a lovely girl. he thought. For the next five minutes they kissed a
while then Tim felt his prick begin to stir again. This was for Megan
he thoght and looked across the room towards her. Beth was lying on the
floor with her legs wide apart and Megan was enjoying a feast of pussy
juice. She was kneeling between her friend's thighs, head buried and rump
high in the air. Tim gently moved Sam and climbed off the couch. He moved
on all fours up behind Megan examining her tight butt. He reached forward
and touched the wrinkled little sphincter with one finger. He rubbed all
around it, then pushed his finger slightly inside. Megan jumped rather
startled but continued to lick out Beth. Tim then inserted one finger into
her pussy and began to push it in and out. Sam moved down next to him
and whispered something in his ear. Tim looked at her with an amazed
expression on his face, then looked back at his sister's arse, bobbing up
and down with the rhythm of his finger. He looked at Sam again.
"Go on." she whispered. "She said she wanted you to do it some time, so why
not right now!"
Tim moved forward, his aching prick that he had been saving for his 
sister's mouth now had a new home to go to. Positioning himself carefully
behind her he rubbed the tip of his shaft up against her cunt. She was
very wet indeed. Tim looked at Sam for reassurance, then pushed with his
hips and saw his prick slowly begin to disappear into Megan's love hole.
She stopped licking Beth and moaned, "Tim, Tim, please be gentle."
Tim wasn't going to hurt his sister, what would be the point in that. 
Another inch slid in to her from behind. Megan cried out. He had reached 
the film of skin that protected the upper reaches of her sex. he pulled 
back slightly then pushed again, harder this time. He could feel the skin
give a little and withdrew. He pushed again even harder and felt the skin 
break allowing his prick to be completely swallowed. Megan screamed with
such a ferocity that he thought that he had really hurt her badly. Her
body tensed, gripping his prick hard, then relaxed.
"God, that hurt, but it's going off." she sobbed.
Tim continued to push in and out of her body. Christ! He was fucking his
own sister. The other two girls looked on as his strokes got faster and 
faster, her sobs and moans got louder and louder until Tim could feel her
tense up again. She was going to come - He was going to come! He realised
what the consequences of this might be and pulled his prick out and spurted
over her firm buttocks. Sam and Beth moved forward to get a taste. They
were a little shocked as they saw a small amount of blood drip from Tim's 
prick, then each in turn cleaned the cum off Megan's bare butt with their
tongues.
"It hurt at first," Megan told Tim later when Sam and Beth had gone home,
"but it got better and better. I love you. You took my cherry and I am
so pleased it was you!"


It had been an incredible few days thought Tim as her got into be that 
night. His prick was red and sore after all the activity, but it had felt
so good. He took a clean pair of shorts from the drawer, put them on and
climbed into bed. He would have a good time tonight, reliving every
precious moment of his afternoon with the girls  -  his girls. He smiled
as he turned over and slipped his hand under his pillow. He could feel
something there. He sat up and turned on the bedside light. In his hand
was a small bag. He opened it and took out a pair of very damp skimpy
blue panties. The was a note, written in a childish scrawl. It said:

          "Dear Tim,
           Thank you for a lovely day. You were so gentle and kind
           to me, I wanted to give you a present to say thankyou,
           but this is all I could think of.

           Love,
                        Sam
                          xxxxx"

Tim smiled as he held the panties up to his nose and breathed in the 
frangrance of that loverly little girl. This was the best present he could
have wished for. And with that he turned off the light and settled down
to sleep, the panties clutched in his hand by his face, like a small
child with his special rag.


                       ***********************

                              Epilogue.
                              
                       ***********************


     You would think that in a story such as this there would be an
amazing ending with the girls winning the talent contest. They didn't.
They game third out of 26, but that was a really good achievement. It
did make them think about next year, though. They would enter again with
another song, and this time they would win. It would take lots of
practise, but they didn't mind that  -  in fact they started the next
weekend!




                 ****************************************


