Copyright © 1997  Studs Manly.  ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.	




        All tales (C) 1991 by Studs Manly. 
        Posted for entertainment purposes only.


	My Sister and Her Daughter

	My sister Jennifer blindfolded me and drove me somewhere. In all our
years of fucking, we surprise each other constantly.   We went into a
house, I think, and someone put a hood over my head to replace the
blindfold.  Then I was led downstairs and my hands were cuffed in leather
restraints and my arms were raised above my head.
	Other people were in the room besides my sister and me.  I could hear
them whispering and mumbling.  Then Jennifer, or maybe someone else,
slowly cut my shirt off my body while my shoes, socks and pants were
removed.  Finally I stood wearing only my boxer shorts with my hardon
sticking out of the fly.  There was mumbling as my shorts were cut off
and I was hanging there naked.
	Suddenly, someone lathered my crotch area and I felt the cold steel of
a straight razor begin to shave my pubic hair.  With slow care, someone
was shearing the hair from my genitals and even though I felt a rush of
adrenaline, it was sexual  excitement, not fear, that I felt.  The hood
on my head muffled sound, but I did manage to make out a few words.
	"Looks bigger when it's shaved . . . . "
	 "It's big anyway."
	"Look at his balls!"
	"Jenny says his pre-cum is sweet."
	"I wonder who he is?"
	I didn't recognize the voices, but I figured they didn't know me,
either.  My cock was as hard as it had ever been and I could feel that
pre-squirt was dribbling from the head.  Fingers kept expertly moving the
family jewels aside, thankfully as the razor blade made quick work of my
pubic hair then started on the hair that covered my balls.
	"Just a second," a voice said.  Seconds later I felt a pair of soft
lips envelop my cockhead and I shuddered and groaned at the sensation.  A
few seconds of wonderful sucking gave way to more shaving, then another
mouth, cooler and with an active tongue, pleasured me for a few minutes,
then again the shaving.
	After my jewels were shaved and rinsed and dried, my bare cock was the
center of oral attention.  At least a half-dozen different pairs of lips
wrapped themselves around my prick, a variety of tongues twirled around
the knob, tickled the shaft and teased the tip.  Different fingers
caressed my bloated balls, and a long finger (I'm sure it was Jennifer's)
probed deeply  into my ass.
	I was close.  "Juice him, Jenny," someone said.  My cock throbbed as
my sister took it into her fist and began stroking.  I sensed that
immediately in front of me were the women kneeling or sitting, probably
only inches from my prick.  I had fantasized about jerking off in front
of an audience, but since I couldn't see the spectators, there was a
feeling of mystery.  Who was there?  Had it been the conservative wife of
the bank president who had hummed while she sucked my cock?  Was it Pam,
the foxy aerobics instructor, who was one  of the group?
	I felt the inner tug.  "He's cumming," Jennifer said.
	"Hose us,"  a throaty voice ordered.   Jennifer's finger pressed my
prostate and her hot lips kissed my ribs as she  expertly pulled me off.
The first thick wad rocketed out and I heard a chorus of oohs and aahs.
	"Ooh, right in her mouth!" someone said.
	"Me next!"  Volley after volley of cum left my tube and I knew the
various women were catching it.  As the force of my cum diminished to a
trickle,  Jennifer wrapped her lips around the head and lovingly emptied
the last of my load.  She squeezed my balls and milked me dry.
	But the evening wasn't over.  My hands were released and I was led to
some contraption where I was instructed to stand with my legs apart and
to bend forward.  It was like a padded table that supported the upper
part of my body and my hands and feet were locked into cuffs.
	Abruptly a cold, greasy lube was smeared around and in my asshole and
I knew what was going to happen.  I felt the knob of a dildo pressing my
greased asshole and some big breasts slid up my back as a woman leaned
over me.
	"I'm going to fuck your ass, you pervert.  You want it, don't you?'
	"Yes," I whispered.  "Fuck my ass."
	"Say it louder, you shit!  I want everyone to hear it.  I want them to
know what a wimp you are!
	"I want my ass fucked with your big cock!" I shouted, knowing  the
hood muffled, and hopefully disguised, my voice.
	"Take it!" she snapped, sending five inches of latex shaft up my
colon.  God, but it almost hurt, but I'd been buttfucked before, so it
wasn't as bad as it could have been.     "Look at that!" someone shouted
gleefully.  "The wimp took all that in one try!  Jenny, are you sure he's
not a fairy princess?"
	"Yeah, look at his dick getting stiff again," one of the women said.
	"Ladies, you're just jealous that you all don't have a big- dicked
lover."   That was Jennifer.  "Would anyone like to suck him while he's
getting fucked?"
	"Not me.  I've want a turn fucking his hairy ass."
 	"I'll do it," said a voice I hadn't heard yet that sounded familiar.
Someone scooted under the table and held my jewels in her warm hands.
More blood filled my prick as the my fucker had the entire dildo in my
asshole.  Lips and teeth nibbled at my cock, urging it to life.
	For the better part of an hour, the various women took turns fucking
my ass with various strap on devices while the one kept mouthing my meat
until I finally gave up a soupy load of spunk.  I was dressed in a jump
suit and taken to the car and we had been on the road for ten minutes
before Jennifer told me I could take off the hood.
	No, she said, the women didn't know who her "big dicked lover" was.
Yes, I'd met most of them.  Would she tell me who they were?
	She smiled.  "Maybe.  Let me think about it."
	The next Saturday Jennifer called my house and told my wife that her
husband was gone for the weekend and she needed my help to move some
furniture.  I put up a mock resistance ("But, Honey, I work all week."
"She's your sister.  Go.")  My cock was stiff when I pulled into the
driveway.
	"Sit down and watch this," she said.  She put her hand on my crotch
and squeezed as she turned on the VCR.  There I was, arms held high as
Jennifer whacked my rod.   Yes, I'd met all of them.  Barbara, a clerk at
the video rental store.  Sue, the accountant.  Doreen, a brown-skinned
former beauty queen who lived next door to Jennifer.  And Jessica, the
woman with the big tits.  She worked in my office.  I was her supervisor!
Thank God she didn't know she was fucking her boss!
	After everyone had enjoyed my cum, the camera followed to where I'd
been fucked.  Suddenly I wondered:  Who was holding the camera?  As
Jessica greased my ass and prepared to fuck me, some of the other women
were fondling one another and Barbara was kneeling in the floor and was
obviously devouring Doreen's musky cunt.
	The woman who said she'd suck my cock was the one with the camera.
She handed it to Jennifer who followed the young woman to where I was.
She panned upward from her bare feet, stopping for a moment to capture
the exquisite undulation of her smooth ass, then up to the short auburn
hair . . . no, it couldn't be!  The woman was young, petite and freckled,
very familiar indeed.
	"Monica?" I gasped.  "Is that Monica?"  Even as I watched, the young
woman worked her way under the table and she faced the camera.  It was
the same beautiful, freckled face that smiled from the framed portrait on
top of the television, only the face of the girl on the screen had an
expression of smoldering lust.  Her green eyes flashed as she prepared to
suck the cock in  front of her.  Her uncle's cock.
	"Does she know?" I asked, unable to take my eyes off the screen.
	"No.  Monica has been sexing it up in our group since she turned 18
last year."
	"You never told me that," I said.
	"I never told you about the group, either.  But I have told them about
my 'big-dicked lover.'  Oops!"  We heard the front door open and Jennifer
shut off the VCR.
	"Uncle Carl!" she said, hurrying over to give me a hug and a peck on
the cheek.  I thought of how I'd just seen her lovely nakedness and how
she'd sucked my cock.  Monica had to feel the bulge press against her
belly. I glanced at Jennifer and nodded.  She smiled.
	"Monica, sit down a minute.  Have you got any plans for the evening?"
	"Nothing I can't change, Mom.  What's up?"
	"Your Uncle's cock."  Monica's eyes widened in surprise.  Jennifer
unzipped me and released my bone stiff cock for her daughter to look at.
	"Does it look familiar, Monica?" Jennifer asked as she rubbed it.
	"Last Saturday," Monica whispered.  "Was that . . . ?"
	"Yes, dear, you sucked off your uncle.  Isn't his cum good?  Here,
hold him."  Monica's face had lost its expression of innocent naivete,
the expression an uncle is used to seeing, and now had the look of a
woman in heat.  Yes, Monica had certainly inherited her mother's acting
talent, alright.  And her eagerness for sex.
	In an instant, Monica had leaned forward and fed my cock into her
mouth.  I reached down and felt her small tits through her blouse.  Firm,
with cherry-red nipples, as I saw on the tape.  And with Jennifer's help,
Monica was soon naked as she had been in the video and still nursing on
her uncle's cock.  Her uncle's cock.  And from the grunts and slurping
sounds she made, she loved it.
	"Tell me, brother dear," Jennifer said to me as her daughter  slurped
my schlong, "you want to fuck your niece, don't you?  Monica, do you want
your uncle's big prick inside of you?"
	Monica pulled her mouth off of me and nodded.  "Yes, oh yes.  Fuck me,
Uncle Carl."  She leaned back, her hands quickly going to her tits and
squeezing the rubbery nipples.  Her legs opened, showing me her
henna-colored triangle.
	"Wait!" Jennifer said.  "Your uncle and I have been screwing for 20
years.  He might even be your natural father."
	"I don't care.  Fuck me, Uncle Carl.  Fuck me, Daddy.  Just stick that
big dick in and fuck me!!"
	Could any man refuse a woman's plea to be fucked, especially when
she's a petite, naked beauty, his own niece (or daughter) and he's
standing beside her with a cock as hard as granite?  sure couldn't refuse
her or resist that lovely pussy of hers.
	"Let me taste you, first," I said.  Monica spread her legs wide and
used her fingers to part the tight lips of her labia, exposing the
scarlet flesh of her sex.  My mouth watered and my tongue got an instant
hardon and I dove for her auburn-fringed twat.
	Ah, how sweet she is!  Her snatch tastes like a spring morning, fresh
and promising, with just a hint of salt and a syrupy sweetness that
reminded me of honey.  And it flowed from her like molasses.  Very like
her mother's.
	But I wanted to fuck her.  I kissed my way over her smooth stomach,
licked her mounds and sucked her nipples.  Our tongues found each other
as my dribbling knob touched her slit.
	"Let me help," Jennifer whispered as she aimed my prick then pushed my
ass.  Monica gasped as my thick cock entered, stretching her as nothing
had before.  Her body strained to take more of my cock inside and her
arms hugged my neck as her legs wrapped themselves around my waist.
	"Ooh, fuck me deep!" she said, not really talking to anyone.  "Ooh, so
good . . . I love this big, thick dick . . . so fucking good . . . fuck
me!"  While my sister watched and fingered herself, I  fucked her
daughter deeply, sending the entire length of my prick into her pussy.
Her tight cunt reminded me of how tight Jennifer's pussy had been 20
years ago.  The small, ripe tits were the same and Monica even had the
same breathy squeal each time I thrust into her.
	"Is she a good fuck, Carl?" Jennifer asked.  "I bet her pussy is real
tight around that great cock, isn't it?  And what about you, Monica?  Do
you like getting fucked by your uncle?"  The questions required no
answer.  From the way we were going at it, Monica and I were obviously
having a good time.
	"I never saw an uncle fuck his niece before," Jennifer breathed as she
plunged four fingers in and out of her swampy snatch.  "So fucking hot!
Never saw a father fuck his daughter, either!   Fuck her, Carl!  Fuck
your daughter's tight cunt!"
	We had long wondered if I could be Monica's father.  A blood test
would have told us, but Jennifer and I had decided that such a test might
create trouble and it would certainly created a major scandal.  But the
thought that I might be fucking my own daughter was quite a turn-on.
	Monica seemed to get off on the idea, too.  "I'm cumming, Daddy!  Ooh,
your big dick is making me cum!  Oh, yeah!  Cum with me!  Squirt me!"
	That did it.  The thought of sperming Monica's grasping twat was more
than enough to make me spew my load.  I slammed deep into Monica's tight
little box that spasmed and convulsed around my prick.  My face twisted
into a tight grin as I sent a big wad of thick cum deep into Monica's
hungry cunt.  And she felt every spurt.
	I collapsed, exhausted from having just fucked my own niece, but
Monica and Jennifer weren't finished or tired.  While Monica's juice was
still warm and wet on my prick, the two of them teamed up on me to give
my privates a most intimate mother-daughter cocksucking.  I'd never
before experienced two vibrant tongues on my genitals or two pairs of
eager lips  which sent shivers up and down my spine.
	When I came, I squirted both of their faces and watched as they avidly
licked the stuff from one another's innocent looking face.  My sperm
laced their passion-flushed faces with my white cum juice.  My spunk was
thick and creamy and I knew Monica wanted another fuck as badly as I did
and I could tell that Jennifer was hot as a pistol.
	We went to Jennifer's bedroom and, while I watched, Monica strapped on
a big dildo and Jennifer got on her hands and knees and her daughter
fucked her from behind.  It was quite a sight to see the outrageously
huge cock sticking out from Monica's 5'1" frame.  I managed to get hard
again and I laid down on the bed while Jennifer and Monica took turns
riding my cock and sitting on my face.
	Now I fuck my niece as well as my sister.  Jennifer told me that she
found out that my wife has been having an affair for two years,  so she
doesn't mind that I never want sex from her.  Fucking my sister has
always been great, and now that her daughter has joined the team, it's
even better.





	My Niece's Naughty Nookie

	Kerri is my niece.  She's my sister's daughter by her first husband
and my sister, Maureen, who's 43, has been married seven times.  Does
that tell you anything?  I'm the only stable male figure in Kerri's life,
so it wasn't unusual that Kerri was around me a lot.  I'm eight years
younger than Maurice and ten years older than Kerri.  And when she went
off to college and her mother got married again, she asked if she could
stay with me during her summer break.  Being divorced myself, and with no
kids, I had plenty of room and Kerri said she was a great housekeeper.
	She was, too.  She ran the vacuum, dusted, washed windows, the whole
bit.  I took a few days leave to help, but she wouldn't hear of it and
wouldn't let me lift a finger.  I could only watch, which was a pleasure
itself.  Kerri is 5'6" and has a great body topped by a mane of
chestnut-colored hair, brown with a red tinge.  She wore short shorts and
a blouse tied under her well-formed breasts as she worked.  I had to keep
reminding myself that she was my niece, but I couldn't make my hard-on
understand.
	We watched a video that night, drinking a couple of beers, eating
popcorn and talking.  Kerri sat next to me on the couch and got real
cozy.
	"Bill, you're my favorite uncle," she said.
	"Why, thank you, Kerri, but if memory serves, I'm also your only
uncle."  We laughed and eventually headed off to our separate rooms.  She
was tired from all the housecleaning and I guess I was worn out from
supervising and watching that hot body.
	The next morning Kerri served me breakfast in bed, but what really
woke me up was the thong bikini swimsuit she wore.  It barely covered her
nipples, covered nothing below except her asshole and her slit.  She said
she was going to catch some early morning sun and wanted to know if I
would join her.  The erection I sprang under the sheets was pretty
obvious.
	Kerri saw.  Hell, it wasn't easy to hide.  She smiled but she didn't
blush.  "I'm flattered," she said as she sat on the bed, eyeing the
tented sheet over the rim of her coffee cup.  Damn!  How was I supposed
to react with this nearly-naked, nubile, young nymph beside me, niece or
not?  It might have been different if she wasn't related, but . . . .
	"You know, Will, in many cultures, sex within the family is okay.  It
doesn't bother me to know that I give you a boner.  Look what you do to
me."  Suddenly she pulled the thin cloth off of her breasts and I saw
that her nipples were pink, swollen and stiff.  She pinched them and they
got even harder and longer.
	"Ooh, I just love being horny in the morning."  Then my uninhibited
niece boldly laid her hand on my sheet-covered cock and squeezed.  I let
out a moan and my body jerked as I felt some pre-cum ooze out.  Kerri
must have felt it through the sheet.
	"Don't want pecker tracks on the sheet," she said and whisked the
sheet off before I could stop her.  Not that I wanted to stop her.  My
cock was standing rigid, oozing juice from the piss slit and moving with
each beat of my heart.  I couldn't say anything.  Hell, I didn't know
anything to say.  I didn't make a move to stop her or to cover up.  I
just lay there like an idiot.  No, I lay there like a guy with a hard-on
waiting to see what would happen next.
	What happened was that Kerri reached for my hard-on but just before
her fingers touched it, she stopped.  "Uh, before I do this, it won't
warp you out or anything, will it?"  I shook my head thinking how Maureen
would kill me if she knew.  As Kerri opened her mouth and her pink tongue
reached for my cock, I figured that my sister was so fucked up she
probably didn't care who her daughter had sex with.  And when Kerri's
tongue touched the swollen knob of my cock, all thoughts flew right out
of my head, except the thought of how good it felt and how good it was
going to feel to be blown by my gorgeous niece.
	Kerri's soft lips circled the head of my cock and her flicking tongue
teased the slit at the head, sipping at the juice that oozed out.  Her
fingers played with my balls and tickled the sensitive area behind my
balls.  Her head went down and more and more of my cock vanished between
her lips and into the moistness of her mouth.
	"Kerri, honey, you're going to make me cum," I warned her.
	She took her mouth away for a second and smiled.  "Ah, breakfast!" she
quipped, then popped my cock back into her mouth.  I just relaxed and let
the sensation take me for a ride.  All sensation seemed to center in my
crotch and Kerri's finger teased my asshole as her mouth sucked harder
and faster.
	I felt that old familiar pull deep inside that preceded my orgasm.  I
knew that Kerri felt it, too.  I guess my cock twitched in her mouth or
something but she snorted through her nose and really went after my cock.
When my cum rocketed up and out of my cock she moaned and swallowed every
drop.  Watching my niece swallow my load, something so many women won't
do, was a treat in itself.
	I was a bit surprised when she took her mouth off my shrinking cock
and stood up, licking her lips, and thanked me for the treat, but excused
herself to go outside to get some sun.
	"Wait a second," I protested.  "I wouldn't mind a snack myself to
return the favor."  Kerri held my face in her hands and kissed me.  I
could taste myself on her tongue.  She rubbed her hands briskly over my
morning stubble.
	"I would like that, too, Uncle Will, but whisker burns hurt," she told
me.  She took my hand and put it between her legs and I felt the hot
moisture beneath her suit.  "Later."  Then she walked out of the room.
	After I showered and shaved (very closely), I put on my trunks and
headed to the backyard.  I have a lot of privacy back there and Kerri was
taking advantage of it already.  Her wispy suit hung from a chair and she
was lying on her back, firm breasts rising and falling as she breathed,
legs parted with her legs parted.  Drops of sweat dotted her lovely body
and as I walked over and stood, she opened her eyes and looked up at me.
She started to speak but she laughed instead.
	"What?" I asked.
	"I was going to ask if you liked what you saw, butt that bulge in your
trunks gave me the answer before I asked."  I looked down and saw that my
half-hard cock was pushing at my trunks.  "Why not take 'em off and join
me?" Kerri asked, moving that body of hers over to make room for me.  I
pulled my trunks off and sat beside my niece, who stared at my cock and
smiled.   She grabbed the sunscreen and told me to roll over.   "You
don't want to get burned," she said.
	Kerri rubbed the lotion liberally onto my shoulders and back.  She
kneaded my butt cheeks and shocked me when her tongue dipped into the
cleft and teased my asshole.  That's when I found out that Kerri is an
ass sucker.  Her tongue circled and pushed the round muscle of my
sphincter until my anus opened and her tongue snaked its way into my
sensitive backdoor, that forbidden orifice.  My own niece was sucking my
asshole!  Was this heaven or what?
	After a few minutes, Kerri stopped and when I rolled onto my back,
strands of goo stretched from my leaking cock to the beach towel and my
hip.  Kerri rubbed the stuff and stroked my nozzle, milking even more
juice from me.  She then swung a leg over my head and said, "I can't wait
anymore, Uncle Will."  Suddenly I was looking at the swollen, wet folds
of my niece's nookie.  She lowered her pussy to my mouth and my tongue
welcomed her by slithering between her puffy lips and into her hot hole.
	Kerri was wired, alright, because she started cumming within seconds,
tangy fluid pouring down my throat, her cunt grinding against my mouth as
I held her hips, and guttural cries of ecstasy came from her mouth.
	I fucked her then.  No . . . we made passionate love there in my
backyard.  Kerri's creamy quim clung to my cock like a glove.  She moaned
each time I plunged into her and she groaned as I pulled back, leaving
her empty for a moment.  She held me tightly and her face was flushed
with heat and passion as I helped her reach orgasm yet again.  Her legs
locked around my waist and she begged me "never stop" giving her my love.
And when my cum bathed the insides of her body, tears streamed down her
cheeks.  We clutched each other tightly as I kissed the tears from her
cheeks.
	Kerri and I spent a wonderful summer together. When Maureen found out
that I was responsible for Kerri's pregnancy, she just shrugged and
wished us well.  She didn't seem at all upset.  And that's fine with us.





	I Stripped For My Uncle

	I make extra money stripping at parties.  But I never perform in my
home town.  I have seen some familiar faces but I don't think they've
recognized me.  In makeup and a wig and no clothes, they don't notice
anyway.  But last month I was doing a gig at a bachelor party 60 miles
from my home town and who should I see but my father's brother, George.
	He recognized me right off.  Our eyes met and he smiled and winked to
let me know it was cool.  I danced and strutted my stuff, shaking my tits
and even letting the groom-to-be finger my pussy.  The entire time I kept
my eyes on Uncle George who watched me with a leer and an obvious bulge
in his lap.  I was hot, a usual state for an exhibitionist, but the
thought that my own uncle was watching and lusting for me rang my bells
like crazy.
	Uncle George managed to corner me after my number.  I had put a robe
on, but it wasn't tied and I wanted to see if he'd do anything.  No one
else knew he was my uncle and they figured that he was just hitting on a
stripper.
	"Nice job," Uncle George said, getting his eyes full of my knockers
and pussy.
	"Bet this is nice,too, Uncle George," I said, touching his bulge and
rubbing the hard-on straining to get out.  He reached out as well,
cupping my cunt and slipping a finger in me.
	"Why don't you come over to my place tomorrow for dinner," he said.  I
was humping his hand then.  "I'll fix spaghetti."  He removed his hand
and stuck a juice covered finger.  "Hmm.  You bring dessert."
	*************************
	The following night I knocked on his door at ten minutes before 6.  My
uncle's raised eyebrows assured me that I had dressed accordingly.  I
wore a short white mini-dress that hugged every curve.  I wore no
underwear, so Uncle George could see my nipples and my triangular pubic
region.  I noticed that he was wearing tight pants and wasn't hard.
	Yet.
	I stood on tip-toe and kissed him hello and managed to slip my tongue
teasingly into his mouth.  I could feel my uncle's eyes on my ass as I
wiggled past him into the living room.  I sat in a chair and slowly
crossed my long legs, knowing he could see my blonde cunt.  I could see
the swelling in Uncle George's pants.
	"Can I offer you an appetizer or a cocktail?" he asked as he stood
beside me.
	"I'll have both," I said, running my hand up his thigh and massaging
the middle leg beneath the cotton.  I unfastened his pants and tugged his
zipper down.  My uncle wasn't wearing underwear either and his prick
sprang out and I gasped when I saw how big it was.  The thing was as big
around as my wrist and at least 9 inches long.  It would have to be the
perfect model for any sculpture of a cock or maybe dildoes.  The head was
thick, big and dark red with excitement.
	My mouth watered.  I inhaled and smelled a freshly-scrubbed smell with
more than a hint of manly musk.  I pointed his prick toward my mouth,
parted my lips and planted a kiss squarely on the head.  Uncle George
moaned, put his hand on the back of my head and pushed his prick forward.
I let that massive tool part my lips and slide over my tongue.
	"Ooh, yeah, Kelly, that's good," he said as I reached up to massage
his swollen balls.  "Suck it, Sweetums."  He'd always called me by that
nickname, though of course never in this situation with his throbbing
prick in my mouth.  Already I could taste the sticky sweet pre-squirt as
it oozed from the piss slit and onto my tongue.  Hmm, good stuff!
	I pulled my mouth off and laid back, spreading my legs wide.  "Your
turn, Uncle George.  Eat me."
	"Say 'please,' young lady," he said sternly.
	"Please eat my pussy, Uncle George!"  I reached down and traced my
slit with my finger and rubbed my clitty.  My clit has always been big,
sticking out like a tiny cock the size of my little finger.  Whenever I
get the slightest bit turned on, my clitty swells and rubs against my
panties (that's why I don't wear any) and gets me hot.
	Uncle George was staring at my swollen clitty with a look on his face
like he was starving.  He got on his knees, grabbed my thighs and buried
his mouth between my cunt lips.  I put my hand on the back of his head,
thrust my hips forward and guided his mouth.  And when he latched his
teeth onto my clitty, my body jerked and I came.
	"Jeez!" I screamed as my uncle ate me out and drank every drop of my
hot flow.  His tongue drilled deep into my pussy, his  teeth nipped at my
labia, his lips caressed the sensitive raw flesh.  I rode his face hard
as wave after wave of pleasure rushed over me.  My thighs held his head
in a vise-like grip and I crossed my ankles, locking his head in my fork.
I wailed and shouted and came as no man had ever made me cum before.
	I was half-conscious when uncle George picked me up and carried me to
his big bed.  He gently laid me down on the satin sheets and kissed me.
His open palm rubbed my tender nipples and I could feel his big cock
tapping against my hip.  I spread my legs and when my uncle climbed over
me I bent my knees, elevating my pussy.  I watched as his beautiful cock
split my cunt lips and rubbed my clitty as it slowly filled and stretched
me.  I had my hands on his shoulders and looked into his eyes.  I seemed
blissful at the sensation of fucking his own niece.
	"Oh, Uncle George, your big cock feels so good going into my pussy!
Does it feel good to you>"
	"Yes, Sweetums, your pussy feels wonderful.  So tight . . . wet . . .
hot!"  When his balls mashed against my asshole and his cock was buried
inside me, I put my arms around his neck and held him tight.
	"Fuck me, Uncle George!  Fuck me hard!"
	And he did just that.  My Uncle George always had the reputation of
being a ladies man and I was finding out first hand why that was so.  He
held me tightly but tenderly and he fucked me with the energy and passion
of a 20-year-old but with experience and a genuine consideration for my
pleasure.  No wonder women loved him:  he knew how to make a woman feel
special.
	I had one long orgasm, punctuated by the sensation of my uncle's cock
swelling inside me and then spraying his hot love lava over the burning
walls of my cunt.  My legs flailed; my feet spurred his flexing ass; I
shouted and groaned and cried.  I felt juices overflow from my stuffed
cunt and pour down my ass onto the bedsheets where a wet spot grew
beneath me.
	After his drained cock slipped out of me, we went to the bathroom for
a shower.  Uncle George soaped me, kneading my breasts and squeezing my
nipples.  He fingered my cunt and soon I felt myself needing to tinkle
real bad.  Uncle George told me to do it in the tub and then he shut off
the water and laid down between my legs.
	"On me," he said.  "Pee on me."
	I squatted over his chest and he was staring at my split cunt.  It
took several seconds for me to relax but finally a few drops trickled
onto his hairy chest, then a strong flow of amber.  Uncle George held my
ass and moved my spraying pussy to his mouth and started gulping my pee.
I couldn't believe it!  I hadn't ever met a golden shower lover but my
uncle sure did enjoy drinking my pee.  I reached behind me and grabbed
hold of his cock, again hard and throbbing.
	"Now, pee on me," I said when my bladder was empty.  My uncle stood
and I sat staring at his giant cock in front of my face.  Uncle George
strained to piss out of his hard-on and suddenly a hot torrent of pee
gushed onto my tits and I shuddered with perverse delight.  The salty,
acrid smell made my nostrils flair and I closed my eyes and moved my head
into the stream, letting the hot flow splash on my face and cascade down
my naked body.  So hot; so filthy and wicked; so fucking good!
	Well, Uncle George has taught me a lot since that first time.  As soon
as I finish writing this, I'll be visiting him and he's going to suck my
asshole before he fucks it with that big cock of his.  He taught me about
anal sex, too, and I love it.  Every girl should have an uncle who's as
attentive and loving as my Uncle George!



	Twice The Fun With Twin Twats

	My twin nieces have kept my balls drained for a few years now, and
nobody knows about it.  Ever since I passed out one New Year's eve and
woke up to find Deanie and Debbie jacking me off into a glass of
champagne they've enjoyed the "fruit of my loins," so to speak.  I'm
about ten years older than the twins and we get along well together.  We
have many common interests, which is why no one, including their folks,
think it's strange that we spend so much time together.
	But its what we do with one another on a sexual level that I want to
tell about.  We are heavily into oral sex and we keep our  mouths very
busy no matter what we're doing.  The girls always go for my jewels,
sucking my dick or balls.  I have alot to keep me busy, what with four
mouth-watering tits and two yummy snatches to devour.  Deb shaves her
twat and that's really the only way I can tell their juicy slits apart.
They even taste alike and their lips are the same shade of passion red
and they have identical hard clits that cause them to squeal with delight
as I nibble the buttons.
	The first time I had them was the New Year's party I mentioned.  My
girlfriend of two years had left me so I went to my sister's party by
myself.  I drank way too much and passed out cold.  I woke up to the
pleasurable feeling of wet tongue on my dick and balls and I was being
jerked off.  I mumbled my girlfriend's name but when I opened my eyes, it
wasn't Karen's face I saw.  Still groggy, I saw double.  Two faces were
between my legs, gloming my dick and balls and they looked just like my
nieces.
	I blinked hard.  Deanie was sucking my balls and Deb's fist was
stroking my hard-on with the skill of an experienced hand job giver.  In
her other hand she held a glass half-filled with champagne.  Juice was
already oozing out of my dick and Deb moved thee glass closer to my dick.
She leaned in and licked some pre-quirt from the head and told Deanie it
tasted good.  Then she looked at my face and saw that I was wide awake.
	"Happy New Year!" Deb smiled, all innocent even with a strand of
saliva stretching between her lip and the tip of my dick.  Deanie looked
at me, my balls inside her warm mouth, and winked.  I felt her tongue
increase its teasing motions over my sac and in spite of my stupor and
the fact that my own nieces were doing this, I was on the verge of
cumming and didn't want them to stop.  It felt too damn good!
	I moaned and raised my hips.  Deb moved the glass and gripped my cock
as my cum rose and then fountained out of the tip, right into the
champagne glass.  The white cum plopped into the golden bubbly and
floated, looking like egg drop soup.
	"Juice him, Deb!" Deanie encouraged her sister.  Deanie's finger
teased at the sensitive pucker of my ass and both girls oohed and aahed
as they watch me squirt a hefty load into the glass.  There was more cum
than champagne in it by the time I stopped squirting and Deanie's tongue
swiped at the oozings at the tip while Deb swirled the contents 'round
and 'round in the glass.
	"Cheers!" she said to me before she sipped the contents of the glass.
She moaned and smacked her lips.  "Oh, he tastes good, Deanie."
	"Good to the last drop," Deanie said between licks.  Deb offered her
the alcoholic mixture and then popped my knob into her mouth.  Deanie
sipped the drink and moaned then gulped down most of the rest, leaving a
swallow for her sister.  "I'm assuming you'll give us more in the
future," she said to me, my juice shining wetly on her lips.  I pulled
her to me and gave her a very un-uncle-like kiss.  My tongue slipped
between Deanie's full lips and explored the warmth of her mouth.  I could
taste the remnants of my salty cum as our tongues entwined.
	I sensed that Deb was standing and she pushed her sister aside as she
stood in her see-through teddy looking at me.  Her hands were on her hips
and her full, rose-tipped tits were plainly visible through the material.
Her nipples were long and rigid and the crotch of her panties wetly clung
to her gash.
	"I want to sit on your face, Steve," she said throatily.  "Do you
mind?"  Well, when a young, horny woman wants to sit on my face, I'm not
crazy enough to stop her, even if she is my niece.  Deb grabbed the hem
of her teddy and pulled it over her head and dropped it in the floor.
Her panties joined it seconds later and then she straddled my head and
lowered her nubile nookie to my awaiting tongue.
	"God damn!" Deb yelled as I let my tongue slither up her wet hole.
She twisted, grinding that hot flesh onto my mouth, trying to get as much
of my oral muscle as she could inside her twat.  Her erect clit rubbed
against the bristle of my beard on my chin and her tangy juices poured
from her snatch.
	Deb's asshole pinched at my nose and I felt my hardening cock being
rubbed by hairy wet flesh.  Deanie.  Soon my hard-on was buried in
Deanie's tight quim which massaged me to new heights of horniness.  Deb
rode my mouth and fed me a steady flow of her pussy punch while her
sister rode my cock with experience that surprised me.  I realized that
both of them must have had far more experience than I'd given them credit
for.
	Deb grabbed my hands and pressed it against one of her firm breasts
and held my other hand against one of Deanie's tits.  I pinched nipples,
both nieces possessing rigid, long nips that  begged to be sucked.  I've
since chewed on them scores of times, but right then my niece was
cumming, sending a deluge of thick, delicious cream into my mouth and
down to warm my stomach.
	It wasn't long before I dumped my second load in Deb's bouncing box.
	Since then, we've gotten together often for some great fucking and
sucking.  Like I said, their cunts taste so much alike, if Deb didn't
shave, I might not be able to tell them apart!


	My Uncle, The Pervert

	I recently discovered that my mom's brother is a pervert.  Well, maybe
not a pervert, but he gets his sexual kinks in strange ways.  I live at
home and attend a local community college.  Uncle James came to live with
us after he separated from his wife.  I first suspected something when I
was doing laundry one day and found that several pairs of my panties had
dried cum in them.  Male cum.  Then I discovered a peephole in my bedroom
wall, the other side of which is the guest bedroom where my uncle sleeps.
I looked around in his room and found a bunch of hardcore fuck books and
magazines, even a pair of my panties.  I decided I'd have some fun with
my uncle.
	Instead of going out on Friday night like I usually do, I told
everybody at dinner that I was staying home to study for a big exam for
one of my courses.  My folks went off to a party and my uncle hung around
to watch a ball game on TV.  Until I came into the TV room wearing a new
see-through negligee I bought especially for the occasion.
	I walked in with my blonde hair in a pony tail.  Well, I should say
that I bounced in, since my braless boobs led the way, quite  visible
through the flimsy material of the negligee.  And when my uncle saw me,
his eyes bugged out and his jaw went slack, and he looked shocked, all
right.  And before he could say a word, I had parked my butt in his lap
and put my arms around his neck and given his a big hug, mashing my tits
against his chest and wiggling my butt against his rapidly-responding
dick.
	"Terri, what . . . ?" he sputtered.
	"I just wanted my favorite uncle to know that I love him very much," I
said, batting my brown eyes and smiling, the picture of innocence.
	"Innocence," hell.  My stiff nipples pushed at his chest  like bullets
and his dick nudged against my ass.  My pussy was juicing and I could
smell it.  I knew that if I could smell it, so could my uncle.
	"Well, I'll leave you alone to watch the game," I said, still rocking
knowingly on his dick.  "I'm going upstairs to my room to . . . read . .
. or something."  I kissed him on the lips and slowly got up.  I
purposely looked at his lap to see that I had left a damp spot right over
the tented fly of his pants.   I couldn't help but let out a little
lustful groan at the sight of my pussy oil staining his bulging pants.  I
wiggled my ass and looked over my shoulder.  "Don't stay up too long," I
said.
	I went straight to my room, stripped and got on the bed and opened
some of the magazines I'd taken from my uncle's room.  I'd purposely left
my door ajar so I could hear him come up the stairs.  His own room was
between mine and the stairs, but he'd have to pass my room to get to the
bathroom to take his nightly shower.
	I was looking at the magazines and languidly fucking my pussy with my
vibrator when I heard Uncle James coming up the stairs.  He went into his
room and I just knew he would make a beeline for the peephole.  I leaned
back and my pussy was aimed toward the wall as I stuck the vibrator deep
inside my pussy.  I started cumming immediately at the thought of my
Uncle James watching me through the spy hole.  I bet he was whacking his
dick like crazy.
	I pulled the vibrator out nd licked it, then I sucked it like it was a
real, throbbing, hot dick.  My uncle's cream-filled dick.  The dick that
was just beyond that wall, iron stiff, wanting to explore the depths of
my pussy and to have me lick it and suck its gooey wad out and swallow
every drop like a good niece.
	I played the nasty nymphet role for all it was worth.  I thumbed
through the magazines, mimicked poses and said things like, "Oh, I want a
hard dick in me!" and "I'm so hungry for dick and a drink of hot cum!"  I
didn't know if my uncle could hear, but I knew I was giving him an
eyeful, alright!  My blonde pussy fur was matted with cream and a wet
spot was growing on my sheets.  But I didn't know how I was going to get
my Uncle James to actually give me what I needed.
	Out of sexual frustration, I looked directly at the peephole, shoved
the vibrator deep into my pussy and let my tongue loll out.  I winked and
blew a kiss at the spyhole, hoping my uncle would realize that I knew and
that I wanted him.  Surely he recognized the magazines!  Ooh, I need real
dick!  His dick!
	It seemed like forever ticked by.  Out of the corner of my eye I saw
movement outside my door.  James! I thought.  But I waited.  I groaned
and whispered as I pumped my pussy, "Oh, I need it!  Gimme, gimme, gimme!
=46uck me, please!"
	Finally, James eased the door open.  He was wearing his bathrobe but
his hand grasped the erection that stuck out from below the sash.  He was
pumping slowly, his face flushed and sweaty. I turned, letting my legs
splay wide and giving him a grand view of my hot, wet canyon of lust.  He
moaned as his eyes took in the sight of my sweaty body and I pulled out
the vibrator, all slick and coated with my juice, and I held it out
towards him.
	"Please, Uncle James," I whispered.  He stepped closer, his eyes
locked on my basted vibrator.  His dick was leaking and the goo served to
lubricate his pumping fist.  He stood beside my bed watching my writhing
body.  He wanted me but I think he would have been content to just stand
there and watch and jerk off.  But not me.  I wanted  more.  I wanted his
dick.
	Again I held the vibrator toward him.   This time he reached out with
his left hand and took it from  me.  He brought it to his face and held
it under his nose.  He inhaled deeply and then began licking my
secretions from the shaft.  That's when I made my move, quickly sliding
to the edge of the bed and swooping for his purple knob, like a hungry
bird pouncing on a fat, juicy worm.  Before Uncle James knew it, half of
his yummy dick was inside my mouth and my tongue trilled the sensitive
underside of the head as I inhaled the musky male scent of his crotch.
	"Terri!" he gasped, dropping the vibrator and grabbing onto my
shoulders as his dick lurched in my mouth and began spitting his hot love
down my throat.  I held his balls in one hand and stroked his thigh as
steaming wads of his thick spunk shot over my tongue.  Oh, God, he tasted
good!  "Uh, huh!" he grunted as his dick came a flood, shamelessly
feeding me the nectar of life.  How wicked of him and how wonderful.
Every niece should be so lucky to have an uncle as juicy and tasty as my
Uncle James.
	His dick finally softened, but just a little bit.  James pushed me
back and dropped his robe.  "Now it's your turn," he said as he laid on
the bed and directed me to straddle his face.  I did so and before I
lowered myself onto my uncle's tongue, I strained and released some juice
from my pussy, dripping in one long, shiny thread.  James caught it on
his tongue and hungrily sucked it up.  I smiled and lowered my creamy
cunt to his waiting mouth, holding onto his head and gasping at the first
touch of his tongue on my tender labia.
	James has a long, thick, active tongue, I quickly discovered.  It
quickly squirmed deep inside my channel, wiping my juice from the walls
and tickling me as nothing ever had.  I fingered my clit, rubbing the tip
of his nose in the process, and wishing I could fuck his  nostril with my
dick-like button.
	"Ooh, Uncle James . . . you eat my pussy so well . . . hmm, going to
cum soon . . . yeah, like that!  Oh . . . oh, yes-s-s!  Now, now!
Cumming!"
	I did, too, sending a river of pussy juice into his mouth.  I heard
him gulping and he held my thighs tightly, keeping my bucking body parked
firmly on his face.  I eased off of him and lay next to him as  I caught
my breath.  I kissed his cunt-flavored lips and fondled his stiff dick.
	"Fuck me with this," I said, both a plea and a command.  But he said
my folks were due home soon.  I begged him to return after they went to
sleep and I lay awake waiting until after midnight when  my uncle quietly
entered my room.  He removed his robe by the dim glow of the night light
and settled between my welcoming thighs.  His rigid dick slid comfortably
into my pussy as if it had been there a thousand times before.
	My folks were asleep down the hall so I managed to keep the moans and
whispers to a minimum as Uncle James drilled my pussy and churned my
juices.  My fingernails raked his back and sank into his flexing ass
cheeks.  Ooh, my uncle sure knows how to fuck his niece!  He fucked me
with long, deep, powerful strokes, better than any fucking I'd ever had.
None of the guys I'd had could compare with the way my own uncle plunged
in and out of me, sending a zillion bolts of pleasure throughout my body.
	Uncle James sank far into me and didn't move as his cum squirted into
me.  I wrapped my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist as I
came with him.  I fell asleep with my uncle in my arms and with his hot
cum simmering inside me.
	Naturally, when I awoke, Uncle James had slipped out of my bed and
returned to his own room.  But after that night my uncle and I couldn't
get enough of each other.  I fondled his dick under the dinner table
while talking with my folks about business courses at school.  My uncle
would squeeze my boobs whenever he could.  And every night, either he
would sneak into my room or I'd go to his for some heated fucking.
	Two weeks ago my folks went out of town for the weekend.  Uncle James
and I made the most of it, too.  I let him fuck me in the ass ("Drive it
home, James!") and he let me stick my vibrator up his ass, so we both
lost our anal cherries.  When my vibrator made my uncle cum, he shot out
gobs and gobs of spunk, much more than he usually does.  I should know.
I swallowed it all and I had two more mouthsful than usual.
	Uncle James asked if I'd ever had sex with another girl and I said
yes.  Two weekends ago James and I went to my friend's apartment.  Cindy
said she'd never heard of an uncle doing it with his niece before and she
and I had done some messing around over the years so she was eager for a
threesome.
	Cindy was fascinated when I went down on my uncle's dick.  And James
asked Cindy if she wanted so me as well, so both of us sucked his dick.
Cindy and I got into a pussy-eating 69 and he took turns dicking my
blonde pussy and her black haired one.  I wasn't jealous or anything.
Not even when he slid his dick into her butt.  She wiggled like a fish on
a hook and whimpered into my pussy, but she loved it.  James spurted his
spunk inside her so that made her raw flesh feel better.
	Not long after that, Cindy strapped on a black dildo and I mounted
her.  James got behind me and worked his dick in my ass, just like I'd
watched some women do in fuck videos.  Double penetration!  My
girlfriend's dong in my pussy and my uncle's dick in my ass.  Hmm, it
felt damn good!  Believe me, it's great when you get fucked by your uncle
and your best friend at the same time!
	James and I are trying to figure out how we can get our own place
without pissing off my folks.  Naturally, they have absolutely no idea
that James and I are getting it on under their roof.  While the current
arrangement is okay, we really would like to spend the entire night
together without worrying about being caught.  I've even been talking
with Cindy about the three of us getting a house.  That way the three Of
us could get it on all the time.  But Cindy has a boyfriend, so that just
might be a bit of a problem.
	We do need to be careful, though.  I almost got caught sucking Uncle
James' dick yesterday.  I was still swallowing his jism when Mom walked
in from work.  Mom would freak if she knew that her little brother was
hiding his salami inside her daughter's horny pussy.  Of course, if she
knew how good he was, she might want some, too!

	I Blackmailed My Uncle To Fuck Me!
	by Debbie Clark
	I was attending a family gathering last year to celebrate my
grandmother's 90th birthday in her big Victorian house.  During the
course of the day, I saw my uncle John go down to the basement.  I didn't
think anything of it until I saw Becky open the door and go down a few
minutes.  Becky is 19 and is married to my uncle's son, Bobby.
	Becky had looked nervous and quite secretive slipping through the
basement door.  After about five minutes, curiosity got the better of me
and I decided to follow them, first removing my shoes so I wouldn't be
clunking down the steps.  I stood on top of the stairs and listened but I
didn't hear anything.  I quietly walked to the bottom of the staircase
and looked around.  I heard a slight sound from the little room where
Gran stores her Christmas decorations.  There's no door to the room but a
curtain hangs at the doorway.  I moved quietly and listened.  The sounds
I heard were definitely not innocent.  I peeked inside and held my breath
as I saw Becky on her knees in front of Uncle John.  She was sucking on
the tip of the biggest damn prick I'd ever seen and it belonged to my
uncle!
	Becky was obviously trying hard to get her father-in-laws huge sausage
into her mouth, but her jaw wouldn't open wide enough, so only part of
the huge head was between her full lips.  I'd long suspected that Becky
was a slut, but the energy she put into getting my uncle off was proof
enough.  She used both hands to stroke Uncle John's prick while the crown
stayed between her lips and his hairy sac peek out through his fly.
	"Let me fuck you," he whispered.
	Becky took his knob out of her mouth.  "I'm on my period," she told
him.  Along strand of saliva connected her lip to the head of that huge
prick and even as I watched, a glob of stuff oozed from the hole.  Becky
pumped more out before her tongue lapped it up.  Uncle John put his and
on Becky's head and shut his eyes, rocking his hips back and forth as he
climbed toward his cumming.
	"Yes!" he hissed as he snapped his hips and came into Becky's mouth.
I could hear her gulping his load and Uncle John looked so satisfied.  I
realized I'd have to hurry out, but my own pussy was bubbling.  I backed
away and ducked behind a big trunk of clothes.   In a minute, Becky
emerged, wiping her mouth and quickly went back upstairs.  I got up and
went to the doorway and just boldly walked in.
	Uncle John was sitting in an old  chair smoking aa cigarette.  If I
hadn't seen what happened just a few minutes before, I'd never have known
	"Debbie!" Uncle John said, surprised to see me, obviously.  "Well, you
caught me.  Just don't tell Mamma I slip down here to smoke.  She'd kill
me for sure"
	"Is that all you come down here for?" I asked.
	"What do you mean?"
	"That was sure no cigarette Becky was mouthing, Uncle John.  "I wonder
what Bobby would do if he found out that his wife was giving his own
father head?"
	Needless to say, Uncle John was speechless.  I had him.  But I wanted
more.  I stepped real close to him.  "Don't worry, Uncle John, I won't
tell.  Not if you're good."  I lifted my dress, revealing my pussy.  I'd
removed my panties and put them in my pocket.  "Lick my pussy, Uncle
John."
	He smiled and dropped the cigarette onto the concrete floor, stubbing
it out with his foot but never taking his eyes off of my red-haired muff.
He cupped my mound in his big left hand and wiggled his middle finger way
up my hole.  I groaned and humped against his hand, wanting more inside
me than his finger.  I had told him to eat me, but I wanted that big
prick inside me and I knew he'd need some time to recover after Becky's
blow job.  He brought that cum-slick digit to his face and inhaled
deeply, then stuck it into his mouth.  He had me sit on the edge of the
chair and he knelt between my spread thighs and dipped his tongue into my
honey pot.
	"Ooh, Uncle John, that's so good!  Have you eaten Becky, too?"
	"All the time," Uncle John said between licks.  "Bobby won't eat
pussy.  Becky comes to me for that."
	"Seems she likes sucking that prick of yours, too."
	"Bobby didn't inherit a taste for pussy or the big cocks that run in
the family.  I never thought he was mine.  That's why I divorced his
mother, you know."  I pressed his head harder into my cunt as I got
close.  I wanted him to concentrate on getting me off.
	"So, big cocks run in the family, huh?"  That explained lots of
things, like why Gran had so many kids.  She liked fucking Gramps' big
prick.  "Uncle Jack?"
	"Uh-huh," came the muffled reply.
	"And Uncle Frank?"
	Uncle John stopped eating.  "Why do you think Frank's still single at
42?  He has too many women who want his foot long meat."
	"Shut up and keep sucking," I chided, again pulling his mouth to my
snatch.  "Foot long, huh?  Shit . . . oh, cumming!"  I did, too.  Poured
a bucket of cum down his throat and his tongue squirmed and wiggled to
catch every drop and wipe the walls of my tunnel.
	Uncle John stood up then.  It was obvious that he had recovered from
Becky's suckoff because his swollen prick made a prominent ridge down his
thigh and was more than obvious in his pants.  I could easily see that he
wore no underwear and that he was more than ready to fuck me.  Either
that or he had half of a baseball bat tucked in his pants.
	 "Well?"  He stood there just waiting for me to make the move.
	"Sit," I said, getting up from the chair.  I quickly got out of my
dress while Uncle John's eyes scanned my body.  I reached down and
unzipped his pants, unbuckled the belt and tugged.  Uncle John lifted his
ass and then that utility pole of his was free.
	"Damn!" I gasped when I saw it.  "How big is it?"
	"Only ten inches long," he answered.  "About 7=AB" around.  Feel it,
Debbie."  My hands were drawn to it like a magnet.  It was bigger around
than my wrist and hot as anything.  I'd felt plenty of pricks in my 21
years, but certainly none as thick and as long and as exciting as my
uncle's.  Before he could mention it, I leaned down and kissed the thick
head and then let it slide between my lips.  Way between my lips.  I can
open my mouth a helluva lot wider than Becky can and my uncle's prick
went half way down my throat before I pulled away, my pussy on fire and
needing a big, hard prick inside.

	Uncle John had obviously been here before to do the deed because he
got a blanket and cushions and arranged them in the floor.  He got on his
back, his prick standing stiff and inviting.
	I straddled his lap and he put his hands under my ass as I aligned the
head of his big prick with the opening of my horny pussy.  I eased down,
willingly and eagerly impaling myself of his wonder wand.  The wide head
parted my lips and split me wide as I lowered myself onto that pussy
pleaser.  Down I went and deeper it went, stretching me out as no other
prick ever had.  Not even my vibrator was as thick or as long as my
uncle's prick.
	Uncle John's hands kept hold of my cheeks as I slid down his rigid
pole.  Just before I felt his hairy thighs under my hands, he removed his
hands and I sat, our pubic hairs entwined, his thick 10 inches of
manliness hidden deeply, wonderfully, in my tunnel of love.
	"Tight and hot, Debbie," John said as we didn't move, enjoying the
moment.  "Just like your mother."
	"Mom?  You've fucked mom?" I asked.  Well, if she liked big prick, her
brothers were handy and hard, I guess.  It gave me a wicked thrill
knowing that I was screwing  a prick that had drilled my mother.
	Uncle John reached up and palmed my tits.  My boobs aren't big, 32Bs,
but they're firm and the nipples are very sensitive and rigid.  He pined
and teased the nubbins, making me squirm even more.  Slowly, I began
riding his prick, up and down, in and out.  The air was heavy with the
sweet smell of sweat and churned pussy juice.  The squishy sound our
joined pieces made was punctuated by our groans and breathy gasps.  I was
sure that if anyone had entered the basement, they would have known what
was going on.
	When Uncle John reached behind me and started running his finger
around my asshole, I started cumming.  And when he started working on my
clit, I just plain lost it.  I started whimpering and I had to shove the
heel of my hand into my mouth to muffle my cries.  My spasming pussy
clenched my uncle's throbbing prick in a death grip and Uncle John
grabbed my hips and held me down.  I felt the head of his prick swell and
start shooting his cum juice deep inside my body.  Both of us came and
came and our mixed stuff oozed out of me and dripped onto the blanket.
	I collapsed on my uncle's hairy chest, our sweat mingling and our
breath raspy.  His arms held me tight and his hands caressed my back and
tenderly squeezed my asscheeks.  His prick lost most of its hardness but
it was still long enough to feel good in my cum-flooded pussy.  I held my
legs together tightly as I relished the feel of that thick flesh soaking
inside me.
	Uncle John stroked my hair, kissed me tenderly, and reminded me where
we were.  Sighing deeply, I reluctantly got up, moaning with
disappointment when his prick slipped out of me and his warm cum ran down
my thighs.  I scooped it up as it ran down and licked the tangy stuff
from my fingers.  "Hmm," I said, "now I know why Becky loves to suck you
off.  I wouldn't mind a steady diet of this myself."  I knelt down and
started licking his prick clean.  Uncle John gently caressed my cheek and
thanked me.  When his shaft was clean, we dressed and, separately,
returned to the festivities upstairs.
	But my jets were still burning.  Uncle John's glorious prick had
stirred my juices and fired my imagination.  Within two hours of my time
with Uncle John, I was outside in Gran's garage.  I was bending over at
the waist, hands on a work table.  My dress was pulled up to my waist and
Uncle Jack's immense prick was reaming my buttery pussy.  It really is a
foot long, too!  And I got every fucking inch inside me.
	Uncle Jack is a fantastic fucker.  Not only is he big but he has
stamina and he's able to cum several times within a few hours.  And
juice?  God, but he always cums like you wouldn't believe!  He gave me a
wonderful boning in the garage and I was able to suck him off, all within
45 minutes.  He'd already cum 3 times that day and I saw him later
heading to the attic with cousin Jenny.  He winked at me and I could see
the outline of his hard-on inside his pants.
	Since the party, I've fucked all my big-pricked uncles, two hung
cousins, and I've decided to join a contact club for women who love and
need big pricks.  I think that might be the best way to find a well-hung
man to marry.
	My Uncle Gave Me A Hard Lesson

	I used to be quite a cockteaser.  I loved to make guys hot and
drooling for me, and then I'd back off leaving them hard and frustrated
then I'd go home and frig myself to a satisfying orgasm.  When my folks
went to Europe last summer, Mom asked her brother Greg to stay at the
house.  Even though I'm 23, she still didn't want to leave me alone for 3
months.
	Greg is 40 and divorced, handsome and smart.  But I was resentful
about being babysat, so I retaliated.  I'd show up for breakfast in a
short, transparent nightie or I'd walk around the house in my underwear.
I'd "accidently" walk into the bathroom when he was stepping out of the
shower and I was wrapped in a small towel that didn't quite conceal my
bush.  There was always a pause as Greg admired what he saw.  I've got a
nice body that men always squirm for and my handsome uncle was no
exception.  He was seeing more of it than I usually show, of course.
After all, he's family and I figured I was safe.
	Well, I came home late one Friday and a little tipsy.  Greg was pissed
and yelled at me, and I went to my room.  I got ready for bed but I also
got mad because he yelled and I stormed into his room wearing just my
panties.  He was wearing only underwear, too, and I was screaming
something about how I wasn't a kid anymore and he said I acted like one
and that my folks should have spanked my butt to straighten me out.
	"Oh, do you think that would straighten me out, Uncle Greg?" I asked,
walking towards him defiantly, my tits sticking out proudly.  Suddenly
the next thing I knew, Greg was sitting in a chair and he had me over his
lap.  I had forgotten that my uncle taught martial arts and he had moved
to get me in the position, pulled my panties down and held me so I
couldn't get up.
	"Whack!"  The sound of his hand on my registered before I felt the
sting through my drunken haze.
	"Fuck, that hurts!" I yelled  "Stop it!  I'm too old for this shit!"
	Whack!!
	"You're too old to be acting like a spoiled brat, too!"
	"Whack!!
	"And a cockteasing brat as well!"
	By then, I was crying.  My ass was on fire and all I could do was
flail my legs and squirm.  Greg had his hand on my back; he wasn't
forcing me down, I just couldn't get up.  But the spanking worked fast.
My ass quickly became numb and I felt a very sexual stirring in my pussy.
And I also felt my uncle's hardening cock poking beneath me.
	I quit resisting and the spanking eased.  I was grinding my lower
belly against Greg's hardon and my moans were not moans of pain.
	"I'm sorry, Uncle Greg," I whimpered.  His hand began stroking the hot
flesh of my upthrust ass as he tried to sooth the burn.  I still humped
against his hardon.  I finally stood, rubbing my ass.  My panties were
around my ankles and Uncle Greg stared at my dew-flecked bush.   I, in
turn, stared at the throbbing bulge in his underwear.  The only sound I
could hear was my own rapid breathing and the pounding of my heart.  I
wanted my uncle's cock and it was obvious his cock wanted me.
	I reached for it but Greg stopped me and told me to go to my room.
Leaving my panties in the floor, I scurried out, sobbing with pain and
frustration.  I threw myself face down on my bed with my hand thrust
between my legs and humped away to a quick cum which felt good but did
nothing to cool my burning desire for Greg.  I decided to try again so I
went to his room and walked in, still naked, without knocking.
	There was my uncle, whacking away at his stiff cock with his right
hand and holding my panties under his nose with his left hand.  His cock
was about seven inches long and I knew it would feel wonderful once I got
it inside me.  Greg had his eyes closed so he didn't see me enter the
room or walk up beside his bed.
	"You can smell the source if you want," I said softly.  He jumped but
made no effort to cover himself.  I spread my pussy open for him.  "Feel
me," I said huskily.  Uncle Greg dropped my panties and reached for my
pussy.  I shuddered at the touch of his fingers on my lips.  He easily
slid a finger into my wet tunnel, then another and another.  He then took
them out and sniffed my juices and then sucked them off his fingers.  He
smacked his lips and while I knew that he would have loved for me to sit
on his tongue, I was anxious to sit on something longer and harder.
	I put my hand around his rigid pole and stroked it a few times.  "God,
I need this," I said, and climbed onto the bed and straddled his waist.
He didn't try to stop me as I sank onto his cock, but he just kept saying
my name over and over.  My hands were on his chest and he held onto my
hips as we did the deed, muscles flexing, bodies rising and falling, our
genitals grinding together faster and faster.  Our breath soon came in
gulps and gasps as we both peaked together, my pussy locking around his
spurting cock.
	I can't describe that moment, the wonderful feeling of my uncle's
thick love juice splattering the walls of my pussy and shooting into my
womb.  I knew that what we were doing was supposed to be "wrong," but it
felt so right, so good, natural, and, yes, wholesome.  Then and now.
	I fell asleep in my uncle's bed and awoke with him on top of me, his
cock again screwing my hungry pussy.  I took his second hot load in my
mouth, something I'd never done before, but it seemed to be the right
thing to do.  I didn't gag or anything and his cum was like warm honey.
	We couldn't get enough of each other after that.  But when Mom and Dad
came home, Uncle Greg had to go back to his own apartment and we had to
content ourselves with getting together less often.
	I really don't think we got caught intentionally.  I was over at
Greg's one Saturday morning and we were making love in the living room.
We knew Mom was going to drop by to offer advice on recovering a chair
but we conveniently forgot.  She walked in and, naturally, was shocked.
What do you say when your own mother catches you with her brother's stiff
cock inside you?
	Not much.
	I don't know how long she stood there watching before I saw her.  Greg
was cumming and when he jerked his cock out of me, sperm flew all over.
It would have been funny if it hadn't been my mom.
	Well, after a long talk, I managed to convince Mom that I knew what I
was doing and so now I'm living with Uncle Greg.  My folks aren't
thrilled but Uncle Greg and I are happy.


--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
