Copyright © 1997,  Drifter,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.





SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS



Drifter's Tami


                         Tami      
                    
          Chapter 2

      I smiled and thought it over briefly.  I was admittedly
horny as hell at that particular moment and in truth really
wanted to go to Susan's room and screw her brains out.  She was a
damned desirable woman.  If Tami were in my shoes, with a male
she felt as equally attractive as Susan, she would be thinking
much the same as I was, wanting to do it but not wanting to hurt
me.  An interesting proposition.  Then the image of Tami fucking
another man flashed through my mind and I felt my cock jump with
excitement.

      Then I heard Susan say, "Well Jim, what do you think your
and Tami's reaction might be"?

      I looked into her deep liquid brown eyes and told her
honestly what I had just been thinking.  That if Tami were with
someone even nearly as attractive as Susan was, like me, Tami
would want to enjoy sex with that person really bad but would not
for fear of hurting our relationship.  Then I shared with Susan
that the idea of Tami being fucked by another man seemed to turn
me on.

      Susan stood up and said, "Come on big guy, lets get some
coffee before I rape you.  You are too good to be true".

      As we sat over coffee we talked about sexual fantasies, and
what we enjoyed sexually.  I found Susan almost as compatible as
Tami. The more we talked the more I wanted to go to her room and
rip her clothes off of her lush body and ravish this hot darling
woman.

      Then Susan stood up and said, "Well Jim baby, if you aren't
going to come to my room and make mad love to me I think I will
go find my electric lover and try to release some of this tension
we have built up."

      In the elevator she hummed and smiled at me and said, "Jim
I do admire your position.   But if you change your mind, let me
know. I find you damned attractive."

      I replied, "Thank you Susan, I can't tell you how badly my
body is saying, "fuck her, fuck her" but for now I must decline. 
I will hate myself forever".

      She leaned over and kissed my lips softly letting her
tongue dart out to meet mine and then she whispered, "If your
body wins out during the night, and you decide it is OK to "fuck
her, fuck her" my invitation will still be good."

      Then we were at our floor and we each went our separate
ways to our own rooms.

      In the room I took a cold shower immediately.    Then I
called Tami and told her every detail about my evening with
Susan, she had met Susan on several occasions.  I also told her
about my getting even more excited thinking about another man
making love to her.  As I told her all about it I got this
enormous erection.

      Then Tami asked me if I was hard, was I masturbating, how
bad did I want to "fuck Susan", how would I fuck her first, who
was the man I envisioned fucking her (Tami), how did the man fuck
her (Tami), and other questions.

      As I answered each of her questions thoroughly I could tell
she was masturbating, as was I, and soon she came as she said,
"Oh shit baby, I would love to watch you fuck Susan".  That got
me off too.

      When we both had calmed a bit Tami said, "I love you
darling.  I want to thank you for your loyalty.  It sounded
really hot, and I am not so sure were the tables turned that I
would have been as strong as you.  That had to be really hard on
you, no pun".

      I smiled and said, "I don't think I would mind if you did
baby.  I not only could understand it if you went to bed with
someone on a trip, I find the idea hot as hell.  The idea of
watching you and another guy fuck and suck is hot for me and has
me hard again Tam.  If you were on trip it would be difficult to
arrange for me to watch I guess but the idea of you telling me
all about it afterwards, all the juicy details about what went on
is damn near as hot."

      There was silence on the phone for several seconds as we
both reflected and then I heard my beloved Tami's voice whisper
very huskily, "Darling go fuck her, Go fuck Susan now.  Go fuck
Susan and then you can tell me the details when you get home".

      I couldn't believe my ears, I said, "Are you serious Tami?
You really want me to go fuck Susan"?

      Her voice was still very husky as she said, "Yes my love,
that is exactly what I want you to do.  Good night and I love
you. I hope you enjoy Susan a lot". and the phone went dead as
she hung up.

      After sitting there for a moment in disbelief I remembered
our pledge: Never lie and never suggest an activity you can't
deal with.    Then I slipped into a sweat suit, and barefoot
headed toward Susan's room.

      When I knocked on the door, in only a second I heard Susan
say, "Is that you Jim"?

      I replied, "Yes Susan".

      The door opened and standing there in gorgeous nothing was
Susan. She was built unbelievably.  Nude her breasts stood out
firm, swaying nicely in their fullness.  Her Dark hair was
repeated in her trimmed pubic area.  She looked fabulous standing
there her legs spread her hands on her hips.  Then she said, "I
love being looked at like that you but better come on in before
you get us arrested."

      Then she led me to the bed and there she turned to me
sliding her arms around my neck as I slid mine around her small
waist until my hands were on her trim firm bare ass.  She was
pulling the sweat shirt over my heads as our lips met hotly. She
pressed her loins hard into mine and my rigid cock told her how
glad I was to see her again tonight.

      As she pulled my pants down I stepped out of them as she
caught my hard cock in her mouth.  After a few minutes of this
she sat up and looked at me and said, "I am really glad to see
you Jim, are you sure you are OK with this"?

      I smiled and cupped and rolled her big tits in my hands as
I told her about my conversation with Tami.

      She lay back on the bed and we shifted into a relaxed 69
position but soon we were anything but relaxed as I tasted her
zesty hot flavored cunt and found her clit with my tongue and
fingers.  She moaned and squealed and deep throated my hard cock.

      The night was spent in round after round of delightful sex.

There wasn't anything we didn't do. I came in her delightful
mouth, her lovely hot wet cunt, her tight smooth ass hole,
between her fine enormous tits.  Susan likewise came for my cock,
my fingers, my tongue and even my leg. When the sun came up we
finally slept for a couple of hours, showered, dressed, checked
out and headed for the airport, all on the run. On the plane we
laughed and relived the night as we talked it over.  Susan
surprised me by saying, "I loved all that we did Jim darling.  If
it is OK with you and Tami I would love for it to happen again,
and frequently.  Good lovers who are as free about sex as we are
are hard to find.  I owe Tami one.  Tell her she will like how I
pay my debts".

      When I got home that afternoon Tami wanted a full detail
report. She got it and she had never been so fucking hot.  She
was all over me and fucked me harder than ever before.   At one
break in the action Tami said, "Oh Jim darling, I can't tell you
how hot it is for me thinking about you and Susan.  Do you think
she would repeat the whole thing here so I could watch and join
you two"?

      I smiled and answered, "I think Susan would be ready for
about anything, she is very much like us".

      The next day was saturday and we slept late.  I woke my
love by spreading her legs and lightly licking her clit.  Some
time later I called Susan and invited her to lunch with Tami and
I.  She quickly accepted our invitation.  I told her to bring her
swim suit.  After our wedding we bought this house with a great
private pool.

      After showering we put on our swim suits.  Tami looked
fabulous in this string bikini.  I had on a pair of racing trunks
that fit very tight.  As we fixed lunch I couldn't resist asking
the question my fertile imagination had dreamed up as I said,
"Tam have you ever had sex with other women"?

      Tami smiled and winked, knowing what I had in mind, and she
answered, "Yes my love I have enjoyed that a few times, I was
wondering if Susan might be interested too.  Would you like for
us to put on a demonstration for you"?

      I pulled her to me and stroked her great ass as I said, "Oh
yeah my love.  I would love to watch the two of you."

      She smiled and said, "First I want to watch you fuck Susan.

Then I will eat your cum out of her hot cunt if she is
interested".


          end chapter 2