Copyright © 1997,  Drifter,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.







SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS


Drifter's Tami


                         Tami      
                    
                       Chapter 1

      Parties, especially large parties, are not my favorite
thing.   I prefer smaller groupings, like two or three or four of
the right people.  The host of tonight's bash obviously didn't
agree with my philosophy on the subject. Ted and Carol Hartly
were great people and good friends but we did disagree on at
least this point. They loved a good party, good equal big to
them, the more the merrier.

      So here I was, at their large home now crawling with
people, a lot I knew, some well, but most not at all.  Mostly
couples, after all that's what couples invite, other couples.  I
had showed up because they were good friends.  Ted and I worked
together, played together and knew too much about each other not
to be good friends.  Carol and I were close.  Not too close but
about right for a buddy's wife. If Ted and I hadn't been quite so
close Carol and I might have done more but as it was we just
teased a lot.

      I was just cruising around their home ogling all of the
sexy good looking women when I literally ran into her.  I wasn't
paying too much attention to where I was going and then I
collided with this body. Not hard, a gentle collision, but I saw
red, hair that is, lots of long, soft, red hair. Just the shade I
like. In the midst of apologies I met Tami and I was taken.  In
the next few moments I was overwhelmed by her, I still am, first
by her looks, then her rich laugh and finally by how incredibly
bright she was.

      Her long lush red hair was the first thing I noticed, when
we collided it filled my face and mouth.  It even smelled and
tasted good.    Next I saw her lovely face and those gorgeous
green eyes and full cupid lips.  All of that was on top of this
fabulous body.    She was tall, 5'8", with perfect long legs,
trim full hips nice ass, a really narrow waist and incredible
full breasts that bounced and swayed nicely.  It was all one hell
of a package, looks and soon I learned brains and a great sense
of humor, she had it all.  And I was completely smitten by her.

      We talked the entire evening about politics, art, business,
damn near everything.  As we talked I appreciated the low cut top
she had on.  It was soon apparent she was bra-less.  She didn't
seem to mind my brief lapses as I lost myself in those full
globes.  To my delight small pink nipples peeked into view as she
shifted in her chair.  Each time when I returned mentally from my
voyeurism she would smile and go on with our discussion.  Her
brief mini skirt gave me similar problems to overcome.  The
evening was a fabulous success from my viewpoint.  I took her
home much much later and Tami and I were almost inseparable after
that, with necessary exceptions for work and sleep and such.

      In the next few days and nights we learned we both adored
sex in all it's many forms possible for two people.  We spent
that entire weekend in bed. I will never forget the image of her
standing in my bedroom completely nude for the first time.  Her
body delivered on all the promises when clothed.  She was in a
word fabulous. Her large breasts, her trim legs, her ass, her
mons, everything. She was totally open and free about sex and was
quick to tell me what she enjoyed, which was everything.  Me
too... As we explored each other I was amazed at how everything
seemed to be better with Tami.    When she gave me head she
drained me swallowing every drop.  When I went down on her she
was like a bucking horse. I had to hold on tightly. I finally was
able to stay with her by sliding two fingers up her hot wet cunt
and two more in her tight asshole. She came easily and frequently
as I ate her delicious cunt.

      Fucking just came so natural for her.  She loved my hard
cock in her mouth, her cunt, her ass, between her tits in her
hands. She frequently would cry out as I fucked her hard, "Oh
shit honey, I wish you had two cocks.  I want you to fuck my ass
and cunt at the same time."

      Neither of us were young kids and both of us had
experienced a lot, including rich sexual experiences.  Between
sex we talked a lot about everything but most frequently sex and
one time I had asked her if she had ever fucked two men at the
same time.  She smiled and said, "Darling I will tell you
anything you want to know about my past.  Just be sure you want
to know the answer before you ask the question."

      I told her I felt the same way about questions of the past,
then I repeated the question, "Have you?  Have you fucked two men
at the same time"?

      She nodded affirmatively trying to read how that effected
me.  The way it effected me is I started to get hard again and I
told her so.  She smiled, pleased that it excited me and then she
said,  "I have to admit I loved it.  Perhaps someday in the
future we can play with our fantasies together", and then she
leaned over and took my hard cock in her mouth.

      I was rapidly learning to worship this lady and I loved to
please her.  I loved to do everything she liked.  It seemed to be
the same with her and every time we got together it wouldn't end
until we were both totally exhausted.  I was pleased and
astonished at how frequently my cock would rise again for my lady
love.

      We found as we grew to know each other that in addition to
loving having sex, we also both loved watching it, good porn,
hard to find but not impossible.  Her favorite porn subjects were
hot multiples, two females and one male, two males and one
female, also she loved watching two females eating each other. 
These were also my favorites.  We enjoyed a porn movie
frequently. The same was true in sports, entertainment,  and in
almost everything we tried, we loved the same things.

      I asked Tami to marry me and she said, "I would love to my
darling.  I would love to be your wife but first we have to talk
about rules, behaviors, expectations."

     It seemed she had had this previous lover, who moved in with
her.  They had talked about marriage.  Then one night the two of
them and a buddy of his had sat around her apartment drinking and
watching porn.  Well Tom, her live in, had gotten excited about
the three way going on on the video. These two guys were fucking
this great looking female.  Then Tom had whispered in Tami's ear
the question, "Would you like to fuck Pete and I both, at the
same time?" Tami looked at him and said, "You wouldn't mind"? 
Tom assured her it would be OK and she smiled and sighed huskily
and said,"Yeah lets do it".  They did for most of the night and
it was great, Tami said, physically.  But afterward it turned out
Tom couldn't handle it and he soon disappeared from her life. 
The message she wanted to get across is, don't suggest something
you can't deal with.

      We were quietly married a month later in Ted and Carol's
back yard.    We both wanted to solidify somehow our growing
togetherness.

      Tami was a very successful computer salesperson, at 30, for
this major computer corporation.  I was a fast track young
executive, at 32, for a management consultant firm.   We both
traveled a good deal and we were apart too frequently.  When we
returned from a trip we would devour each other, spending hours
at sex and conversation just to "catch up".  We were enjoying
life but it was soon to get even better.

      We had become accustomed to sharing each other fully,
particularly daily sex and discussions. Being apart was becoming
increasingly difficult for both of us.  We burned up the phones,
we learned to enjoy phone sex.  Hell phone sex was better than no
sex.

      Then I had this particular interesting trip.  One of the
new young female specialists in our group was required, as was I,
on this trip.    She was a stunning person, in looks and in
action.  We polished off the problem quickly and then had the
evening to kill.  We had dinner with some great conversation,
stopped for a drink in the hotel bar with more lively
conversation, danced a few times and things became warm and cozy
quickly.  Susan was bright and sexy and was a "healthy" young
woman.  I couldn't help myself as I got an erection while slow
dancing with her.  She said nothing but I could feel her
answering the gentle pressure of my cock.

      When the music stopped we stood there, still pressing
together, and I heard Susan say, "Shall we go up to my room,
Jim"?

      I couldn't believe it when I heard my voice answer, "Susan
I can't think of anything I would enjoy more, but you see I love
my wife passionately".

      She smiled and kissed my cheek sweetly and said, "I like
that Jim. I don't like being turned down, in fact this may be a
first, but I like your reason.  If you ever change your mind...."

and she let it trail off as she turned and walked to our table. 
Seated she sipped the remains of her drink for a moment and then
she said, "Jim, how would you react if Tami were here with a male
cohort, on business, like us, and he invited her to bed.    What
would you think she should do"?


               end Tami part 1


This is one of my first postings,  Comments, constructive
criticism, suggestions would be greatly appreciated but be
gentle....  where would you like to see this story go...?

The End... for now...
