Archive-name: Family/tami_d.txt
Archive-author: Tami Dugan
Archive-title: Tami's Story


                                     TAMI'S STORY

         My name is Tami Dugan. I am 5 feet 10 inches tall, dark brown
         hair, blue eyes. My measurements are 38-26-36 and I am 27 years
         old. I have never been married nor had children. I like sports,
         softball, and volleyball, mostly. I also like to go camping.
         Enough of the boring stuff. Sexually speaking, I am very active.
         I love sex and I like to flirt and tease. I have sex with both
         men and women. I do not consider myself gay, just open minded. I
         like to BBS and have BBS sex.

         Eager Beaver asked me to tell her about me, so I decided to let
         you all know. When I was 19 I was still a virgin. I had gone out
         on dates and necked before. I even gave a blow job to the guy I
         went to the senior prom with (a different story). However, I felt
         that I was going to wait to have sex when I was married. I was 19
         and still living at home and going to college. My parents were
         out of town for the week end and my older brother and his girl
         friend had come over to swim. At the time, my brother was 21 and
         his girl friend, now wife, was also 21. Saturday night my brother
         went off to a bachelor party for one of his buddies, leaving Kim
         and me alone. Kim drove down to the store and bought some wine. We
         poured a glass of wine for each of us and started to talk. Well
         one and a half bottles later we were feeling pretty tipsy. She
         ask me if I ever slept with a boy. I responded no, and I thought
         she was going to faint. She said that a girl that looked like me
         should not have a problem getting a boy. I explained to her how I
         felt and she got up and sat next to me on the couch. She put her
         arm around me and gave me a hug, kissed me on the cheek then
         whispered in my ear, "Ever had a girl?". I looked surprised, but
         before I could answer, she grabbed my head and kissed me on the
         mouth. I couldn't believe it, I wanted to fight but I guess the
         wine had made too relaxed. As we kissed I felt her touch my tits.
         Her hand found its way under my sweater and was rubbing my tits
         through my bra. She whispered, "trust me, I will not hurt you."
         She stood up, took my hand and led me into my bedroom.

         As she slowly undressed me, I noticed how gentle she was and I
         felt complete trust in her. When she got me undressed, she took
         off her own clothes, laid me on the bed and began to kiss me
         again. With her hands on my tits, my cunt was beginning to drip.
         I was feeling horny. She knew exactly what to do and where to
         touch. She moved her mouth to my tits and sucked my nipples. This
         was so new to me but it felt great. Next thing I knew, her
         figures were between my legs, playing with my clit. She worked
         her head down to my virgin hole and licked it several times.

         She said I tasted sweet. I didn't know what she meant. I was
         horny for her. She rolled over onto her back and said that I
         could play with her. I laid on top of her and sucked her tits,
         what a great feeling. She took my hand and placed it on her cunt.
         It was wet and slick. She then pushed my head down there. I stuck
         my tongue out and put it on her hole. It tasted good. I began to
         lick and suck her twat, she began to moan, and said I was doing a
         good job.

         I guess we were quite a sight. At least my brother thought so. He
         did not go to the bachelor party, but instead snuck back to my
         room to watch. I was later told that they had planned this. Kim
         had wanted to fuck a girl, and wanted me. It was the first time
         for the both of us, and it was sweet and special. My brother,
         however, had a great big hardon and wanted to fuck Kim. He told
         me to watch. I saw his cock slip into Kim's cunt. In and out it
         went as he began to pump her. He told me to sit on Kim's face. I
         straddled her face and she began to eat me. I was grinding my
         cunt onto her tongue, begging for her to make me cum. My brother,
         while still pumping his girl, used his tongue to lick my nipples.
         At first I thought how wrong it was, but it felt so good to have
         my cunt and tits sucked at the same time, I soon forgot that this
         guy was my brother.

         Kim made me cum and I got off her face to watch my brothers cock
         slide in and out. He said he was going to cum. He came with a
         moan. My brother pulled out of Kim's fiery cunt, grabbed my head
         and shoved it between Kim's legs. I ate her cunt, tasting my own
         brother's cum. I now love to eat cum from cunts, the mixture of
         male and female cum makes me hot.

         I finished eating Kim, she told me I made her cum. I felt pretty
         good about that. Kim said that my brother must be horny again
         because he was hard. I looked at my brother and his cock was
         straight out. I had never seen a cock up close in good light
         before. My brother was stroking the long pole. Kim grabbed me by
         the shoulders and lead me to him, forced me on my knees before him
         and placed my head inches from the tip of his cock. The head was
         purple in color and very big. The boys I had gone out with and
         given blow jobs to were not this big. Kim said that since I ate
         his cum from her cunt, I should have some first hand.

         With that she pushed my head closer to his prick. I opened my
         mouth and Kim said, "Suck it baby, take him in your mouth and
         make it cum." My brother put his hands on my head and began to
         fuck my mouth. He said it felt good, he told me to use my tongue
         on it. Kim took my right hand and put it around his shaft and
         said to pump it. She illustrated this by stroking my hand back
         and forth on this rock hard cock. My brother started to cum, he
         shoved his cock as deep as I could take it and shot a load right
         down my throat. He pulled out of my mouth and Kim helped me to my
         feet. I couldn't believe that I did that with my very own
         brother. But I loved it.

         I was so hot that I wanted to fuck right there. Kim kissed me on
         the mouth and asked "how was it?" I said it was great. Kim said
         good, because Bill (my brother) gets hard time after time, and
         that the two of us should be busy for awhile. Kim got on her
         knees and began licking and stroking Bill's limp pecker. He began
         to rise for the occasion. As he got harder she began to suck his
         balls. Kim stepped back and told Bill to play with himself. With
         that, Bill started pumping his dick with his hand. What a turn on
         to see a guy beat off. He told us that we should do the same. So,
         there we all were, whacking and jacking away. I came, then watched
         Kim make herself cum. Bill was pumping harder now.

         He looked at me and by the look on his face, got another idea. He
         told me to lay on my back. He climbed onto me and straddled my
         stomach. He took his cock and said that since Kim could not do
         this, I would. I asked what and Kim replied, "Tit fuck him." Bill
         said that's right, placed his cock between my mounds, took my
         hands and told me to squeeze my tits around his cock. I did it
         and it felt wonderful, this huge cock between my tits. He
         starting pumping his meat. What a SINsation that was. Kim came
         over and started kissing me. Then it happened, Bill moaned, and
         started spraying his love juice all over us. When he was done,
         Kim hugged me and we played in his cum.

         We then showered and went to bed....Together.....
--
