Archive-name: 3plus/tammy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Tammy

    I had been looking forward to this weekend for some time and now it was
here.  My wife and I had dropped the kids off at my mothers and were now at
the resort hotel where we would hopefully have a weekend together spent
mostly in the bedroom of the hotel.  After we had checked in my wife prepared
a hot bubble bath which she knew I could not refuse and then told me she had 
left something in the car which she would go get while I was soaking in
luxurious bubbles that had a perfume like fragrance.  As I stepped into the
tub my wife came in the room and gave me a quick kiss and told me she had
planned a really neat weekend for us while she picked up the clothes I had
piled on the  floor.  After she left, I relaxed and considered what she had
in mind for the weekend.
   I had revealed my desire to wear womens clothes a few years ago and at
first she found the idea repulsive and confusing but over time she had 
participated in my fantasies by buying me panties and hose and more recently
she had bought me a few leotards and tights which I would wear on her
approval.  Although my wife did let me wear a pair of panties or some other 
article of womens clothes she would never agree to anything more.  I sat and
soaked and wondered again what was in store this weekend.  I had been in the
tub a while when I heard my wife return and as she peeked in the door of the
room she just smiled and told me everything was taken care of and she had a 
big surprise for me in the bedroom.  There was a tone of playfulness in her 
voice and I knew it would be a great weekend for us,  but,  I did not know 
how great until I dried off and went into the other room.
     Laid across the bed was a outfit which I at first thought was hers but
did not recognize at all.  There was a pair of pink lace trimmed panties next
to a matching pink corset.  A lacy full slip was laid upon a short white
skirt next to a sheer white blouse.  The outfit was lovely but not the type
of outfit my wife would normally wear.  After taking in all the lovely
clothes on the bed I looked at my wife and she had a mischievous grin as she 
said this weekend I would experience my fantasy totally.  I then was informed
that she had removed all my clothes and taken them out to the car so I would
not be able dress as a male at all that weekend.   She had also taken my
wallet and car keys so there was no way to get to the car without her
assistance.   I was then instructed to go back in the bathroom and shave all 
my body hair off as any respectable lady would do before a night out to 
dinner and dancing.  I was horror struck and at the same time excited that my
fantasy would come true but nervous about my ability to pass in public as a
girl.               
     My wife sensed my concerns and told me that if I was a good girl and
did everything she asked I would have a wonderful weekend.  She then escorted
me to the tub and handed me a razor and shaving cream assuring me it would be
fun. My mind raced over the past few minutes as I first lathered up my legs 
with cream and then began removing all the hair on them as well as underarms, 
chest, and arms.   As I stepped out of the tub I ran my hands over my now
smooth legs and arms and felt a tingle of excitement that I had never felt
before.  I looked in the mirror at myself and found a newly shaven body
looking back that looked much more feminine than before.  Just then my wife
stepped in the bathroom and told me not to waste time admiring myself as If
it would be hairless for a long time to come.  She then told me the new rules
for the weekend which were an added shock to the already confusing turn of
events.  I was going to receive her assistance in transforming myself into a
lady and as thanks to her I would accompany her to dinner and some cocktails
after which we would return to the room where I was expected to give her 
complete satisfaction in any manner she chose. Further, When in the room I
was to call her mistress and only speak when spoken to.  My new name would be
Tammy and I was only there to serve my mistress.  I was then led into the
other room where I was seated at the dressing table while my wife handed me 
the panties and corset that had been on the bed.  I pulled the shear panties
up my now smooth legs and the shockwave that went through my body was almost 
too much for me.  After I had gotten on the panties I then put on the corset 
which was very tight about my waist and required her assistance in tying the
laces in the back.  The corset removed at least six inches from my waist 
giving me an hourglass figure that I had often admired in other women. My
wife then went into her, (our),  luggage and handed me a set of foam inserts
which rounded out my new figure giving me a bustline that I found exciting.
      As I sat at the vanity in panties and corset she proceeded to apply
make©up to my face.  The foundation was first followed by eye shadow, liner,
and then a rich red blush that highlighted my cheekbones.  The red lipstick
covered with a shinny gloss was then applied and mascara finished the face. 
She also applied some lighter blush down the center of my chest highlighting
the new cleavage that the tight corset had given me.  She then went back to 
the luggage and pulled out an long auburn wig that was put on me and then
brushed out down to lay on my shoulders.  I then had my nails painted in the
brightest red polish I had ever seen,  both hands and feet.
     As I sat waiting for the polish to dry I looked at myself in the mirror
and could not believe it was me.  The lady in the mirror was more than I ever
expected I could be.  My wife had then attached a pair of dangly silver
earings that drapped almost to my shoulder which was quite a sensation
whenever I turned my head.  I was then handed the stockings and told to put 
those on while she also prepared to go out for dinner. While I was attaching 
the stocking to the garters of the corset I found myself totally enjoying the
new sensations that surrounded me.  I kept admiring myself in the mirror as I
would turn and wonder how the girl in the mirror ever passed as a boy.
     I was then given the blouse and skirt to put on and I required her
assistance with the skirts zipper in the back which when zipped closed caused
my new girlish waistline to be quite obvious and would never had fit without
the restraining corset underneath.  The 4 inch heels came next and caused my
rear end to be more pronounced than ever before.  I again looked at the new 
girl in the mirror and was overwhelmed with her beauty, the makeup and molded
figure gave me a look of total femininity in a sexual sort of way. The corset
was partly visible under the sheer blouse and served to further draw
attention to my new pouting breasts.  I was in heaven.
     Soon my wife announced it was time to go and she finished my
transformation with a pearl necklace and bracelet.  I was handed a very small
purse with some make©up and tissues in it which reminded me of my dependence
on her this evening.  As I followed her out of the room I couldn't help but
wonder what lay in  store for me.
     We went to a very nice restaurant in the hotel that had both a dining
section and a cocktail lounge with live entertainment. I could not help but
wonder if the men who would watch us pass by knew they were checking out a 
boy/girl and couldn't help but notice how their stares would travel from my
face and down my body to my legs.  Those stares were new to me and I was not
sure how to handle them so I just walked on by with a small grin on my shiney 
lips as I teetered in the heels trying to keep up with my wife who would look
back at me and smile knowingly.  After we were seated and had ordered our
meal the waiter came to our table and presented a bottle of french wine that
was being sent to us by two men a few tables away as a gift.  My wife
accepted the wine graciously and told the waiter to thank the men for us as
she turned to me,  smiled and said "This could be a interesting night".  I
wondered what she ment by that as I nervously looked over to the table from
which the wine had been sent.  They were about our age, two well dressed
handsome men, who were probably on a business trip together.  As I looked
their way the tallest of the two smiled at me and lifted his wine glass as 
if to toast.  I immediately looked back at my wife who told me it would    
be impolite for me not to acknowledge the compliment as she turned their way
and raised her glass in return.  At her insistence I then also raised my
glass and then took a quick drink hoping it would help calm my nerves.  Here
I was,  dressed as a shaply women with my wife in a restaurant being toasted 
by two strange men.  This weekend was not going as I had expected.           
     As we ate our dinner my wife kept a casual conversation complimenting 
on my outfit and discussing womens clothes and never drifting from feminine
subjects.  She said she liked her new girlfriend and was looking forward to
being able to spend more time together this way.
     After dinner she paid the bill and then announced we would go into the 
lounge and listen to the live band and watch the people dance.  I had hoped
we would return to the room but now knew my wife intended to show her new
girlfriend what a fun night out was.  As we sat and sipped our drinks I was
surprised by the sudden appearance of the two men who had sent us the wine. 
They introduced themselves as Barry and Mike from New Jersey here on a       
business visit.  My wife introduced herself and I (Tammy) and invited them to
join us at our table.  I was horrified,  Barry sat next to me and started
telling me how much he had admired me in the restaurant.  I kept my side of
the conversation to a minimum as speaking in a high feminine voice was
difficult.  Soon Mike asked my wife to dance to a pop song which was just
being started by the group on stage.  I was now alone at the table with 
Barry and as nervous as a teenager on her first date.  Barry carried on the
conversation and soon Mike and my wife returned from the dance floor.  I felt
safer with my wife at the table and I hoped she would thank the men for their
company and we could return to the safety of our room.
    As another record started I recognized it as a slow tune, Barry stood
up and asked me to join him on the dance floor.  I didn't know what to do as
I looked at my wife she grinned and said "go ahead and dance Tammy,  you need
to loosen  up!".  There was no way out so I followed Barry to the floor and
then let him pull me to him in an embrace as I did my best to follow his
dance steps.  As we danced Barry pulled me even closer to him pressing  
my new breasts against his chest causing his maleness to rub against my hip. 
I soon became aware that this close contact with Barry was giving him an 
erection that I could not help feel pressing against my leg.  He slowly
lowered his hands from the small of my back to my rear pressing his hardness
even closer.  This was more than I had expected and although I found it 
exciting to be able to fool a man as I was, I couldn't help but wonder what
Barry would think if he knew my secret.
    Soon the dance ended and he took my hand in his and led me back to the
table where my wife and Mike appeared to be in an intimate conversation. 
After I was seated my wife looked up and announced she needed to go to the
ladies room.  I was anxious to discuss the recent turn of events with her and
volunteered to accompany her.  When we got to the ladies room I quickly
pleaded with her to go back to our room where I would feel safer than I did 
right now.  She obviously was enjoying my discomfort as she announced we
would be returning to our room now, but, with the two men we had just met.
While I was dancing she had invited Mike up and was sure he would be able to
convince Barry to come as she had watched Barry grinding with me. I was now
in a position where she had total control of the situation and she loved it. 
I protested saying there would be a problem if my secret was discovered but
she only smiled as she told me she was sure he would understand if I handled
everything like a lady!
    We returned to the table and the men had already paid the tab and were
quite willing to leave at that moment which we did.  On the way up Barry put
his arm around my waist and told me how glad he was we had invited them up
for nightcaps.  I was now blinded by the events that were unfolding.  I
could only go along with my wifes plan as there was no where else for me to
go.
    After we had gotten in the room my wife asked me to make drinks for our 
guests while she sat on the couch next to Mike and began a playful
conversation that I could not hear. After I had served drinks to everyone
Barry reached out and pulled me into his lap, I looked over to my wife to 
protest but she was already in an embrace with Barry who was running his
hands all over her body.  There was nothing I could do but play along and
hope nothing got too out of control.  I felt so helpless sitting on his lap
as my wife was across the room in a heated embrace with Mike,  I remembered
what my wife had said about handling things like a lady and wondered how much
like a lady?
    Barry pulled my face to his and gave me a long hard kiss that I did not
expect.  He then began kissing me as he took my hand and placed it on the now
hard cock in his pants.  I withdrew it but he looked at me and asked if I was
only a tease or what as he looked over at my wife who now had Mikes cock out
of his pants and was playing with it as she glanced our way and smiled. I
knew I had to play along or risk him getting angry so I began rubbing his
cock through his pants as he slid his tongue into my mouth with such force it
startled me, and then began exciting me.  Barry ran his hand up my nylon
encased leg under my dress and continued to probe my mouth with his tongue. 
I used my free had to stop him from reaching the bulge in my panties as I
unzipped his pants and released his cock in hope of distracting his efforts
up my leg.  As I again looked over at my wife I was horrified to see her
bent over Mikes lap pumping her head over his cock.  Barry also looked over
and gave me a look as if to say why not us.  I now knew what she meant by
"like a lady"  and knowing things had already gone too far I bent down and
kissed the tip of Barrys cock as he put his hand on my head and forced me to 
fully engulf his cock as he thrust his hips upward.  In a short period of
time I felt Barry make a sudden thrust as he began coming in my mouth. It was
hard to swallow all the come without choking but I managed to swallow all his
come and then was amazed to feel the large cock shrink while still in my
mouth.
    By now my wife had also finished Mike and as I lifted my head for air
she told the guys how nice it was to meet them and that her and I needed to
get to bed early that night.  Barry gave me a quick kiss and thanked me for 
the hospitality he had received as he zipped himself up and prepared to go.  
    After the men had left the room my wife told me our night was
certainly not over and handed me a sheer baby doll nightgown to put on while
she went into the other room to change.  I wasn't sure how the rest of the
evening would go but I knew that after tonight nothing would be the same.

--
