Archive-name: Fetish/tammi.txt
Archive-author: Bruce Powell
Archive-title: Tammi


     When I first met Tammi she was a tall slender girl of 23.  Her long
blonde hair and big blue eyes were devastating.  She was a friend of my bosses
wife and we met at a party.  She was a bit distant, so she wasn't really
swamped by male companionship.  As I learned she wasn't ready to just jump
into bed with any Tom, Dick, or Harry.  With the bosses friends, no wonder she
was treated like Typhoid Mary.  I asked her to dance and just made polite
conversation.  By the end of the night she had agreed to go out with me on the
following weekend.
     The next Saturday I picked Tammi up at her apartment.  It was in a large
apartment complex about fifteen minutes from my place.  I was surprised not to
see a room-mate's name on the mailbox when I rang.  These places weren't cheap.
She rang the buzzer that allowed me into the complex, and I went up to her room.
     The door was unlocked and she called out for me to let myself in.  She
called out from the back room that she would be right out, and to make myself
comfortable.  I sat down on the couch and glanced over the magazines on the
table.  When Tammi walked out of the bedroom I was speechless.  She was
wearing a snug red knit dress that hugged her body, showing off her large bust
and slender waist.  She had on skyscraper spiked heels that boosted her 5'11"
up to match my 6'4".  She smiled at my stammered compliments.
     The night was a complete success.  By the time I dropped back off at her
apartment we had made a date for the next Saturday.  This went on for several
weeks as a completely platonic relationship.  We went to the theater, the
movies, a concert, and out to dinner.  I found out that she had just been
dropped by a long time boyfriend and that is why she was so cool to the bosses
buddies.  I also found that she didn't seem to have any kind of job, yet she
was never broke.
     After about a month of going out together Tammi asked me up for some
coffee after a date.  The relationship was never platonic again.  We had
become lovers.  I found that during sex I  fantasized about Tammi as a fatty.
But I never told her of my real tastes in women.
     After about a month of seeing each other as lovers we decided to move in
together.  I told her she could move in with me, but she said it would be
better for me to move in with her.  It seems that her family owned the
complex that she lived in and she acted as the manager.  I wondered why she
didn't seem to have a job.  So I moved in.  Since my change in domiciles
seemed to indicate a definite change in the status of our relationship I
decided to tell Tammi about my perchance for fat girls. In fact I showed her
a pair of panties from the largest girl I had ever made it with.  She weighed
453 pounds and was 5'10" tall.  Tammi was slightly taken aback by the shear
size of the panties.
     My revelation didn't seem to faze her.  She said that I seem OK in every
other way.  So the relationship continued as it had for the past few months.
The only thing that I found was that I fantasized about Tammi as a fatty more
and more.
     Then one night after a particularly hard day at work I came home to find
Tammi in a very horny state.  I begged fatigue, but she had other plans.  She
lead me to the bedroom, where I collapsed on the bed.
      "Oh no," she said."This will never do.  What can we do about this? What
would make you very horny? Lets see...Hm. I know, if I gained, oh say about
fifty pounds, I bet you couldn't keep your hands off me." She giggled and
began to stroke me.
     "I can see me now.  I am really fat, my belly is bulging over my pants
and I really have a set of huge love handles. My face has begun to get round
and I have the start of a double chin.  Oh, yeah, my boobs are really getting
huge they are starting to overflow my bras..."  Needless to say after all
that I couldn't let her down.
     It was several weeks later in early September that Tammi looked right in
my eyes and asked if I would like her to gain some weight.  She told me that
at first she thought that my preference was weird.  But after knowing me for
a while she saw that I was really all right.  Of course, I said that I would
love it.  Tammi said that since summer was almost over and the cold weather
would hide most of her overeating, she would consent to gaining about twenty
or so pounds.  But she was adamant about losing the weight before next summer,
so she could wear her bikinis.
     At first the new diet was a strain on her, Tammi said that gaining weight
was more work that going to all of her aerobics class.  But soon, she settled
down into a routine.  She would get up around nine in the morning and have a
large breakfast, with plenty of pastries.  Then she would move into the living
room where she would watch TV and eat junk food until around eleven.  The she
would eat a huge lunch and usually take a nap until around three.  She would
get up and have a snack of cookies, or pie  and get ready for dinner.
     By the middle part of October none of her clothes fit her.  She had some
clothing that had been baggy in September, that was beginning to fill out. 
Tammi often remarked about how fat she was getting, I made encouraging sounds,
but in my mind I still fantasized about her gaining a massive amount of weight.
     On the 16th of October BUF magazine came to my door. Tammi had subscribed
for me!  We spent the night looking over the models in the magazine and having
sex.  That night was a eye-opening experience for Tammi.
     On Halloween Tammi bought a huge amount of candy "for the kids".  But as
the night wore on a significant portion of it was going into her.  At
nine o'clock she turned off the outside lights and moved into the bedroom. She
took with her a pound of chocolate, in less that an hour it was gone and she
had a bulging belly.  As I kissed her the chocolate taste was very exciting. 
The next morning Tammi announced that she would continue the binge until New
Year's Eve.  And she announced that her New Year's resolution was to fit back
into her smallest bikini.
     Her stint of gluttony went on into December.  She refused to let me weigh
her even though she know what a turn on it would be for me.  She began to look
at herself in the mirror more, standing sideways critically examining herself.
She asked me if I really loved her like this, to which I responded with an
enthusiastic YES.  Her baggy clothes were becoming tight on her, so when she
went out to the store she all ways wore a bulky coat.  But in the apartment
she would often show off how big she had become. And on Christmas Eve she
stuffed herself into the same red knit dress she wore the first night we went
out. It took her almost fifteen minutes to get into it without splitting a
seam. The change in her was amazing, the once small waist now sported a pot
belly. And the once trim hips now caused the dress to ride up so high that
the hem was so short that the bottom of her newly rounded but peeked out from
the bottom.  Her muscled thighs had grown round and jiggled slightly when she
walked. She had trimmed the dress with false white fur and acted like Ms.Claus.
"Come on, lover it is time for your surprise,"she purred. I followed her to
the bathroom, dazzled by the sway her slightly padded hips caused.  Smiling
she stepped on the scale, and it came to rest on the number 161. "I guess I
over shot my twenty pounds" She then giggled and walked toward the front room.
The table was loaded with food and she began to pig out.  She stuffed herself
with spaghetti, lasange, fried chicken, mashed  potatoes and gravy. I was
going nuts watching my formerly skinny beauty stuffing her self.  After her
third helping of potatoes she sighed contentedly, causing both sides of her
dress to give way. "Oops, I guess I have out grown this dress," she cooed
sexily.
     Then the bottom dropped out.  The day after Christmas Tammi started
calling Weight Watchers and digging out her diet books.  I must have shown how
broken hearted I was because she reminded me of her resolution.  Then work
temporarily relocated me for three months.  The day I left Tammi had some new
clothes to model for me.  It was an exercise outfit consisting of a pair of
loose fitting black jogging shorts and a top that covered her large boobs and
half way down her tummy.  "It took a while to find the shorts, I like them
loose when I work out. But before long I hope to be in my old aerobics outfits,
she said showing off the nicest figure I had seen in awhile, soon to dwindle
to a skinny little thing.
     During the next few days Tammi told me all about her diet, then I asked
her not to talk about it.  We still called every day or so.  And I resolved to
go through life in love with a thin woman.  I just guessed that the last few
months were all the real happiness that I would ever get.  But the Tammi in my
fevered wet dreams was still a bulging behemoth.
     The company told me that I could return to my old job on the first week
of April.  I called Tammi and told her.  "Great honey, I'll clear the weekend
before that.  I've missed you so much, I almost went crazy.  I'm so horny, I
could hump you to death.", she said.
     But even that didn't help my mood.  I slowly packed the next day and
mournfully boarded the plane for the four hour flight back home.  During the
flight I had a dream where I got off the plane to find Tammi standing there
with a newly developed boyish figure. What a nightmare!!
     I called home as soon as I touched down, and found out that Tammi had
some things that had to be done.  Therefore she couldn't come and get me.  So
I called a cab and went to the office to settle all of my affairs there
before going home.  Bowing to the inevitable I called Tammi and told her I
was on my way home.  During the twenty minute drive to the apartment I
dreaded having to tell Tammi that her new smaller figure was great.
     I paid the cab drive and climbed the stairs, I never used the elevator
for the three flights of stairs.  On the way up I wondered how many   times
that Tammi had ran these stairs in the search of a tiny waistline since I had
left.  I unlocked the door and stepped in. I looked up and my jaw hit the
floor!!
     There Tammi stood in her black jogging shorts and workout top. But
instead of hanging on her like I thought they would be they were stretched to
the limits trying to contain the bulging body within.  She was wearing the
same skyscraper heels that she had on our first date, but the legs that were
above them were several sizes larger.  Her chubby thighs seemed to burst from
the confines of the extraordinarily tight shorts.  Her tummy spilled from over
the waistband of her shorts, several inches of "love-handles" overflowed the
top of her girdle-like shorts.  The top was straining at the buttons, each one
was the apex of a diamond of flesh peeking through the straining fabric.  Her
cleavage was billowing out the top of her blouse.  A real double chin had
developed and her smile caused her dimples to be very prominent.  Her face had
filled out and was almost round.  Her eyes had a teasing gleam in them as she
lifted her now pudgy arms above her head and struck a porn-like pose.
"Like what you see,lover?" she asked coyly.
     My voice was still gone so she began to model her new bod for me. 
"Yes, sir baby, 212 pounds of jiggling flesh just for you.  I bet you never
expected to find a 46-32-49 inched bombshell waiting for you.  After  you left
I really tried to diet, I really did.  But after months of gorging myself I
found it almost impossible to resist all of those pastries calling to me in
the middle of the night.  But I held on.  Then after my second aerobics
workout the instructor came over and suggested that I try some other exercise
program.  She told me that I was just too fat to do the workout.  The scrawny
bitch!!  That night I came home and looked through our BUF collection and
made up my mind to change resolution.  My new resolution is to become as fat
as possible."
     I had to shake myself to make sure that I wasn't still sleeping on the
plane.  I followed Tammi as she walked into the living room.  Her ass had
gotten so big that most of it hung out the sides of her shorts, even though
she tried to cover them up every few steps.  I reached out for her, she spun
away from me.  "If you can catch me you can fuck me," she said in a taunting
manner.  The chase was on, around the house I chased her.  Due to all of the
added weight she was slowed considerably, but I slowed down just to watch her
butt and thighs jiggle.  After about the second lap of the apartment I caught
her, she was huffing and puffing. "To think I used to run four miles every
day before breakfast." she panted.
     I kissed her several times before she pulled away.  "Later, babe. But
first the second part of my little surprise." With that she lead me to the
bedroom. On the bed was a feast, and at the foot of the bed was an easy chair.
Tammi seated me in the chair and then lay down on the bed surrounding herself
with food. The gorging began, Tammi ate and ate and after two hours was still
eating.  The jogging shorts gave up the ghost after about an hour, with the
last of the blouse buttons going several minutes later. Later that night our
sex was wonderful.  The extra weight that Tammi had added was the most
satisfying present that I had been given in years.
     Tammi's life became an endless series of binges. Food became an glorious
obsession for her.  The former gluttous binges became like appetizers for her.
Soon none of the clothes that she had bought fit. She was rapidly becoming a
massive momma. The real turn on was the change in her attitude, instead of
worrying about her size she was striving to become bigger.  In fact, she had
clipped pictures of the largest models from BUF and now they were pasted on
the 'frige, and on all of the mirrors in the house.  And my old lover's
panties and risen from out of the closet and now hung on the bedroom wall
with the caption, "Are you woman enough???"
     One night I came home to find Tammi standing in the doorway, waiting for
me.  She was wearing a slightly tight dress that caressed her now large waist
and hips. She had set a goal to weigh 300 pounds by Labor Day.  Because this
was a labor of love.  After a large meal she cleared away the dishes.  I
followed her into the kitchen.  It was then that I noticed the bakery boxes.
Looking in side of them I found three dozen pastries.  "What are you going
to do with this?", I asked her, fully knowing the answer.
     "I was thinking of letting you feed them to me in bed tonight.", she
said with a knowing smile. I put my arms around my growing lover and consented
to stuff her until she popped. We then set up the bedroom as the 
site of her
enforced gluttony. She sat down on the bed as I brought in the boxes of
pastries.
     "Feed me till I bust, baby", she said and I tried to follow her wishes.
For the next few hours I stuffed her full of gooey, cream filled, chocolate
covered, and calorie packed junk food.  After she had finished the first
dozen eclairs I noticed that her dress was filled to bursting.  I asked her
if she might be more comfortable if she removed it.  "I'm not going to fit in
to this anymore, so why don't I not waste the time. It will bust off soon
anyway." At that I smiled, this woman knew how to keep a man's interest.  And
true to her word after the next few pastries the seams on her dress gave way
with a noisy rip.
     Tammi removed the tatters of her ripped dress, and lay down on the bed
her belly was bulging, full of gooey pastries. I continued to feed her, piece
after piece of baked goods went down her lovely throat.  After the first dozen
and a half eclairs she slowed down, but I would not let her stop. After two
dozen pastries I had her get up and move around, her belly had taken on the
appearance of a beach ball.  Looking down at the size of her distended
stomach she said, "I don't think that I can finish off the rest, lover.  I'm
feel like I'm going to burst now.  I'm really stuffed!"
     I caressed her bloated belly, "Nonsense, sweetheart, I have just the
thing for that."  I lead her back to the bed and helped her to get as
comfortable as possible with her gorged condition. Then I went to the dresser
and removed some cloth belts that were there.  I then tied her hands to the
bedframe. And I continued to stuff this great bloated babe.  There were only
four pastries left when she begged me to stop.  Her belly was stretched drum
tight over her overstuffed stomach.  I found some lotion and massaged it into
her skin. "Only four more. You can do it, just think 300 pounds is just
around the corner. I'll help you, open wide."
     She opened up and within five minutes the whole three dozen pastries
with inside of her. I untied her so she could move around to help her
digestion.  She lay there bloated beyond her wildest dreams.  I asked her how
she felt.  "Like a beached whale.", she replied.  "No make that a beached
whale that is extremely horny."  She tried to sit up, but the shear size of
her engorged belly prevented it. I helped her sit up, to do so she had to
spread her legs and let most of her paunch hang over the side of the bed.
She ran her hands over her belly, with the remains of the lotion and the
extreme distention it glistened like polished marble. "Come over here," she
asked. "I want some dessert."
     As I walked over to her I heard her labored breathing, the size of her
stomach was making it hard for her to breathe.  Besides if she was only half
as horny as I was she would be breathing a little heavy herself.  She reached
out with her chubby right hand and unzipped my pants.  My erection leaped out
immediately.  "My, my, I must do something about this." She then began to
jack me off, soon my knees were trembling. She smiled and then stopped her
hand grasping my penis at the base, preventing my release. After the spasm
has passed she began again, only to prevent my release again.  Time after
time she brought me to the brink of orgasmic pleasure only to stop me.  I was
going mad with desire.  My balls were going to explode if I didn't get to cum
soon.  Then she took me in her mouth and I exploded in one of the most
exquisite ejaculations I had ever had.  It seemed to never stop, and she
guzzled every drop of it.  Later that evening we made love over and over,
due to the distention of her belly we had to do it "doggie" style.
     In late fall Tammi had reached 320 pounds.  Her body was becoming round.
One night she asked if she could invite a few friends over. I said
"Of course."  I wondered who she was going to have over, since she started
to really gain weight she had divorced herself from all of her skinny friends.
I asked her and she said that a few of the girls in the complex and her had
been meeting for coffee and cakes in the day. As the girls arrived I found I
was glad that Tammi had met such friends.  The smallest was 5'4" tall and
weighed 220 pound while the largest was a 5'3" blimp that weighed 396 pounds.
Tammi had arranged for these girls to have apartments in the complex.  What
happened that night could only be called a food orgy.  The four of them tried
to demolish 25 extra large pizzas, after four hours and several ripped seams
later the pizzas had won.  I looked out over a field of bloated bellies and
gorged mommas.
     After Christmas Tammi's weight started to affect her life style.  She
had become so large that her sides brushed doorways.  She couldn't walk very
far, so she hired a very chubby high school girl to come in during the day
and clean the house.  I kept asking Tammi to weigh herself, you see after she
had gone past 300 pounds most bathroom scale couldn't weigh her. On
Valentine's Day she allowed me to squeeze her into the back of my BMW 325i
and drive her to a commercial scale.  The attendant was bug-eyed when I told
him that I wanted Tammi weighed.  And he was almost beside himself when the
scale rested on 426 pounds!
     Tammi was stunned when she heard the figure. She wrapped her massive
arms around me and gave me a great big wet kiss.  No sooner than we had left
the scales she leaned forward and said, "Baby, I'm starved can we drive
through a fast food joint??"
     On her birthday in March I bought her a heavy duty scale that went to
600 pounds.  By now Tammi was buying cloth in bolts and making several muu
muus from them.  She also made a huge robe for herself that fell to mid-thigh.
On night not too long after her birthday I came home to find the hefty
"maid" just leaving.  I enjoyed watching her waddle down the hall, she had
gained around fourty pounds working for Tammi.  Tammi met me in the hall
wearing her robe.  She opened it up to reveal the fact that she was finally
fitting into my old lover's panties.  In fact they were too tight on her, and
as she sat down they ripped open.
     Sex had become incredible, I loved to make love to each and every inch
of her bloated form.  Exploring each and every fold and crease was heaven.
When Tammi orgasimed it was like riding a tidal wave. 
     By the end of the year her immense form had become too much for our old
bed.  At that time we moved to a first floor apartment.  Tammi had long out
grown the 600 pound capacity scale and now rarely moved.  Most of he time she
lay on our specially made water-bed and ate.  By early February she had
become so large that she couldn't get out of bed by herself.  I can see her
lying there.  Her sides are hanging over the sides of the bed.  Her legs are
a mass of rolls of flesh, the amount of muscle to move her buried under roll
after roll of flab.  Her stomach stretches and flows over most of her thighs.
Her arms are now larger than 260 pound Martha, the maid's, hips.  Her face is
supported by huge jowls and a stack of extra chins.  Two bean-bag chair sized
boobs flow on either side of her enormous belly.  She smiles as I enter the
room, and asks "What did you bring me to eat I'm starved.

--
