Copyright © 1998,   The Redhead.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit or on another website 
without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this entire notice attached (headers & footers intact).  The 
author may be contacted by writing  mrdouble@mrdouble.com or 
mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.






NOT a true story.  Simply a fantasy................................


The Celebration

by:  The Redhead



	Linda had been a widow for several years now.  The accident that had taken her husband's life had left her and their 4 year old daughter heartbroken, but they had clung to each other and managed to rebuild a life for themselves.  Now her daughter, Tammy, had just turned 9, and Linda was very proud of her.  They seemed to have an unusual bond between them due to the comfort they had given each other in their loneliest times.
	Linda was an attractive woman, although she never seemed to turn that many heads.  Not that she was interested in that.  She had devoted the last 5 years totally to being a working mother, balancing work demands with giving her daughter the attention she deserved.  She had accepted a few dates in the last couple of years, but was always sorry afterwards.  It was her need for adult interaction that had prompted her to accept the dates, but the men had turned out to be so absorbed in themselves that there was little interaction.  They needed adoration from her, and she was in no frame of mind to give it.  All of her adoration went to Tammy.
	Then she met David.  She couldn't have built a more perfect man if she had designed him herself.  David understood her priorities, and put no demands on her that would take her away from Tammy too much.  They went to dinner once or twice a week, sometimes taking Tammy with them and sometimes leaving her with a baby sitter.  Linda had gotten past the guilt feelings she'd had at first, and thoroughly enjoyed the time she spent with David.  He even understood the limitations she'd placed on the sexual side of their relationship.  Tammy seemed to like David, too, although she was still a bit shy around him.
	Tonight they'd gone out to dinner to celebrate her promotion at work.  They'd had a wonderful evening together, laughing over a shared bottle of wine.  Linda drank more than usual, quite a bit more, and was pretty dang tipsy from it.  They'd come home after Tammy had been put to bed by the baby sitter, and were snuggling on the couch together.  David was kissing her slow and deep, just like she liked, and Linda was melting into him.  A voice deep inside her told her she was getting too excited and should put a stop to it, but Linda was enjoying it far to much to stop.  When his hands started roaming over her, she knew she was too far gone to tell him to stop.  Damn, it had been so long!  It had been years since a man's hands had touched her like this.
	David was enjoying himself, too.  He kept waiting for her signal to stop, but when it didn't come he hurriedly plunged ahead.  Her skin was so soft as he worked his hand under her blouse and finally under her bra.  Her breast was wonderful in his hand.  When he pinched her hard nipple, he heard her moan and her tongue pushed farther into his mouth.  Oh yeah, she was liking this.  He sensed her hips moving next to him, unconsciously thrusting against him.  Her hand went to his crotch, feeling his hardon through his pants.
	She broke their kiss.  "David, I need it.  Please.  Let's go to the bedroom."
	They had thrown off their clothes, licking and sucking each other as the clothes hit the floor.  When he touched her pussy, it was soaking wet.  His cock was almost painful it was throbbing so hard.  Their moans and words of encouragement were getting louder and louder.
	Finally David pushed her back on the bed, and climbed between her legs.  They both knew they'd take it slower the next time, but both needed it NOW.  He rammed his cock into her as she arched her back.  Her legs wrapped around him, and he started fucking her hard and fast.  She was pushing her cunt against him, wanting more of him inside her.  He was bracing his arms, watching her.  Her eyes were clinched shut, her head rocking back and forth as she neared her orgasm.  Suddenly
	"MOMMY!!!!  WHAT IS HE DOING TO YOU???"
	Linda and David both froze in mid thrust, looking toward the door they'd forgotten to close and lock.  Tammy stood there wide-eyed in a T-shirt and panties, tears welling up in those huge eyes.
	David's first instinct was to jump off and duck under the sheet, but Linda's legs tightened around him holding him inside her.  She looked up at him and said "Please don't move.  She'll think we're doing something wrong if we try to cover it up."
	She turned her head to Tammy, saying "Come here, baby.  Mommy's just fine.  Come here", holding her hand outstretched to her daughter.  Tammy took a few tentative steps, then rushed to the side of the bed, taking her mommy's hand.  David stayed up on his arms, watching, pretty wide-eyed himself.  He could feel his cock slowly deflating inside Linda.  He knew she didn't want him to move, but he was going to slip out of her pretty fast.
	"Don't cry now, honey.  Mommy's not hurt.  This feels good to mommy.  David would never hurt me.  Would you, David?" looking up at him, wanting him to help reassure her daughter.
	"I, uh, NO, I would never hurt your mommy" he stammered, confused.
	Linda wrapped her arm around Tammy, bringing her close to her nude, outstretched body.  "Sssh, now, baby, its ok, mommy loves you, sssh."  Tammy was sniffling, not crying, but still had that look of fear in her eyes.  
	"Here, honey, you like this, you'll feel better now" gently pushing Tammy's head toward Linda's breast, her nipple.  David stared in shocked silence as Tammy opened her mouth, locking on to Linda's nipple.  He had no way of knowing that Linda had comforted Tammy over the years in, well, unconventional ways.
	Linda's eyes closed as Tammy started sucking her nipple, holding her breast with both hands, kneading it.  Her eyes flew open, looking at David, quietly asking "Do you have a problem with this?"
	David could only shake his head no, not taking his eyes off of Tammy, hearing her making sucking noises as she tried to get even more of her mommy's tit into her mouth.
	"She's really quite good at it" Linda quietly said.  David could feel her pussy contracting around his hardening cock.  Obviously, the mommy was really enjoying this and he was growing a throbbing erection again.  
	Linda closed her eyes again, and thought "Oh what the hell, he might as well know it all."  She started pushing Tammy panties down, as Tammy automatically opened her legs, letting them fall down.  She stepped out of her panties, never taking her mouth off of mommy's tit.  It always made her feel so good to suck mommy's tittie.  And she knew if she did a good job, mommy would make her feel even better.
	Watching for David's reaction, Linda took her arm from around Tammy and put two of her fingers in her mouth, licking them, getting them wet.  Then she reached for Tammy's little pussy.  Tammy's legs stayed open as Linda started running her wet finger up and down the slit of her pussy.  Linda's finger went between the girl's pussy lips, gently rubbing, then finding her tiny clit.  David guessed when she'd found it because he could hear the girl whimper and push against her mommy's hand.  When David saw her finger start to go inside the girl, he couldn't help it.  His cock throbbed inside Linda, and he started fucking her, pushing and pulling his cock from her pussy.  The little girl never seemed to notice, and kept sucking her mommy and enjoying her mommy fingering her.  It was obviously not the first time her mommy's finger had been in her pussy.
	Linda looked up at David and said "How about we give your arms a rest.  Let me get on top."  David nodded yes, "Just let me keep fucking, and please don't make your daughter leave."  "No," Linda said, "she'll stay with us."
	David rolled off of Linda onto his back, while Linda broke her daughter's grip on her nipple.  She urged Tammy onto the bed, as Linda straddled David, taking his cock slowly back into her cunt.  As Tammy watched, Linda lowered herself onto his cock, purring her pleasure.  Tammy had never seen mommy fuck, but was getting even more turned on by it.  She loved it when mommy fingered her, and knew there was more to come.
	When Linda was settled on his cock, she told Tammy to stand in front of her, straddling David's chest.  David was given the gorgeous view of the girl's smooth pussy above him.  He could see the moisture her mommy's finger had caused, and truly believed then how turned on the girl was.  
	He couldn't believe his luck!  How many nights had he laid in bed, jerking off to the thought of a smooth little pussy like this!  He never believed he'd actually get to see one this close!
	He could feel Linda leaning forward, and between the girl's legs could see her using her hands to part Tammy's lips.  She rubbed her little slit, then leaned some more and replaced her finger with her tongue.  She licked the little girl's slit up and down, moaning.  She loved the taste of her daughter.  David didn't know she sucked her daughter at least once a day.  It was like an addiction - she just had to suck and lick Tammy's pussy every chance she got.
	David could see Tammy's clit poking out.  As Linda started sucking on it, she also started fucking David, trying not to lose her balance.  Tammy reached down and held her lips open so her mommy would keep sucking.  She loved her mommy's tongue and mouth.  Mommy always sucked her so good!  
	"Fuck me, David.  Fuck me while I suck her clit."
	David started fucking into Linda's soaking cunt, his cock ready to explode.  He didn't want to cum too soon, didn't want this show to stop!
	Linda groped for his hand.  He didn't know what she wanted him to do, but extended his hand to her.  She took his index finger, and aimed it at her daughter's cunt.  She eased it into Tammy's tight pussy, pushing, pulling it out again.  Tammy froze at the new touch, but Linda kept saying "Its ok, baby, just like I do it, shut your eyes baby, it'll be good, he won't hurt you."
	David's eyes were fixed on the girl's cunt, his own finger fucking the girl, driven by her mommy's hand.  Linda used David's hand to fuck the tight pussy, and David could feel the tight contractions around his finger.  Then Linda pushed David's second finger into her.  Tammy moaned and pushed against his fingers thrusting in and out.  Linda's pussy was wildly contracting around his cock as she went back to sucking Tammy's clit.
	David said "I can't hold it, baby.  I can't believe I'm fucking her with my fingers.  And she likes it!  She's really getting off on it.  I'm gonna cum, Linda!"
	Linda said "Tammy, squat over David's face.  Let him make you cum like I do.  His tongue will feel good."
	Tammy stepped back and squatted, like her mommy told her to.  David's tongue snaked out, lapping her cunt.  He reached up and pulled her down harder on him.  He was licking her from asshole to clit, as far as he could reach.  Her taste was unbelievable - so sweet!  He plunged his tongue into her hole as far as he could.  She ground her pussy on his face, loving it.  His finger found her clit and rubbed while he fucked her hole with his tongue.  When he felt Linda sit hard on his cock, he started to explode into her.  
	"Aaaah, God, I'm cumming in you, Linda!!!!"
	He could feel Tammy's pussy contracting on his tongue, hoping she was cumming with him.  He was trying to eat her whole pussy while her mommy fucked his cock.  As soon as Linda felt him shooting into her, her pussy spasmed and her orgasm hit her hard.  They could both hear Tammy's moans as she came on David's face.
	Later, as all 3 were laying cuddled together, David quietly asked, "Will you marry me, Linda?  Tammy, can I be your new daddy?"
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....
