                          MENSTRUATION SLAVERY

           -=* BY LE CARNARD - THE  PURVEYOR OF FINE FILTH *=-

My slave training began two months ago when my thirty-seven year old
next door neighbor happened to catch me buying my supply of sanitary
napkins and Tampax.  Melanie is a sexy looking lady with a dynamite
body.  She had just recently moved into the apartment complex where I
live.  I found out after becoming her slave that she works as a legal
secretary and was recently divorced.  She said her former husband was a
lousy lover.  Only caring about his own orgasms and that at first
she had been hurt by his running off with some young slut.  She soon
realized that he was the loser, not her.  She sold the big fancy house
he had bought her and move to this apartment complex. She said that she
checked out all the single men when she first moved here.  I was the
only one that appealed to her and that she was glad that she caught me
that day in the grocery store.

No sooner had I arrived home when Melanie, the neighbor and now my
mistress, was at my door.  She quickly got down to business, telling me
that she knew I was not married and that she had never seen any women
enter or leave my apartment.  She ask about my fetish saying that she
had a few herself.  I somewhat sheepishly confessed that since my
college days I have enjoyed wearing certain feminine products.  I
described how the soft cotton of a sanitary napkin against my balls was
wonderful and how going out in public with a Kotex between my legs and
a Tampax up my ass would keep my cock hard for.  She was so easy to
talk too and so understanding.  She did not try and put me down for my
fetish and I soon confessed to other little quirk I had.  I told her
that I sometimes wore women lace panties and that the sanitary napkins
kept me from staining them when I would suddenly have a climax just
thinking about women wearing them too.

Taking my hands into hers she gazed into my eyes and ask if I wanted to
take my fetish one step further and become her menstrual slave.  After
years of fantasizing about women on the rag here was one wanting me to
service her monthly.  I quickly agreed.  She said my training would
begin the following week when her period was due to start.

The following Wednesday evening Melanie called and put my week-long
nervousness to rest.  She wanted me at her apartment, dressed only in a
robe.  Upon entering her place Melanie presented me with a list of
rules I must follow to the letter.  She said that one of her fantasy
was to have a Slave.  She said she had fantasies where the slave was a
man and sometimes the slave was a woman.  She ask if I had any such
Dominate fantasies.  Telling her no.  She ask if I wanted to be her
slave and accept her as my mistress.  When I replied "Oh! Yes! Melanie
more than anything."  She ordered me to kneel down and read the list of
rules out loud to her.

Falling immediately to my knees I began:

1) I must wear a Kotex and have a Tampax up my ass at all times.
2) During her period, I will wear Melanie's used Kotex or Tampax.
3) During non-work hours, I must change Melanie's protection for her.
4) I will lick her pussy on command until it is clean.
5) I will receive an enema at the beginning and end of her period.
6) I will not be allowed to cum unless Melanie jerks me off.
7) I will only be allowed to wear feminine clothes while fucking
   Melanie.
8) From then on, I must put on my slave feminine articles, douches,
   Tampax, and vaginal lubricants.

Melanie said that if I broke any of the rules I would be punished.  And
if I refused to carry out any command she would probably dismiss me as
her slave never to see her again.

I quickly agreed to obey her and began my life as a slave.  Melanie
began by giving me a soapy enema, followed by the insertion a Tampax
super.  My cock was rock hard.  Melanie them presented me with a
sanitary napkin belt which I put around my waist.   Melanie then lay
down on the bed and commanded me to remove her Kotex.  Raising her
skirt I quickly lowered her panties.  She even helped by raising her
hips from the bed.  Once I had the used pad detached from her belt she
instructed me to attach it to my own. It was still warm from being in
contact with her crotch.  Once it was in place my cock seemed to swell
larger.  Melanie then order me to get a new sanitary napkin from the
bath room.   Returning I stood at the end of the bed.  Melanie had put
her feet up on the bed.  She now spread her legs widely showing me her
vagina.  A small amount of menstrual fluid had leaked from the lips of
her pussy.  She had unbuttoned her blouse and pushed her bra up and was
now playing with her own breast.  Pinching the nipples she smiled up at
me and said "Clean the outer lips of my pussy before you attach the new
Kotex to the belt, Slave."  Kneeling at the foot of the bed, I lowered
my head to her crotch.  At first I ran my tongue around the edges of
her public hair, not sure if I could go through with it.  Leaning up on
her elbows Melanie commanded "Do it Slave."  Closing my eyes I ran my
tongue along side her right pussy lip.  The taste was different but not
bad.  I began licking in earnest, once the bloody discharge was gone
and her pussy was clean.  I spread her cunt open and darted my tongue
into the center of her hole.  The more I ate her the better she tasted.
Melanie even reached down to hold herself open.  She moaned for me to
lick her clit.  When she orgasmed the flavor of the juices changed.
When she finally had had enough.  She reach down and pulled my face up
and said "Enough for now, attach the clean Kotex.  You'll have to
change me again in four hours."

Once she had her panties and the rest of clothes on she had me lie on
the bed.  She removed the Kotex and instructed me to  bring my legs
back over my head.  The tip of my cock was now only two or three inches
from my face.  She stroked my dick slowly then faster and faster.  When
I moaned I was cumming.  She order me to open my mouth wide.  In not
time, cum began shooting from the head of my cock in great streams and
landed right on my tongue.  I swished it around in my mouth and tasted
it before she commanded "Swallow it."  My spunk didn't taste bad and I
am sure I would taste it often.

Melanie then reattached the Kotex to my belt and dressed me up in a
beautiful pair of panties, stocking, a bra with falsities and a dress.
I then went to work cleaning up the apartment, knowing that in less
than four hours I would be change her again.  She said that this time I
would have to insert a Tampax into her vagina but that she would need
to cleaned up first.

Its been heaven for me since that fateful day she caught me buying my
Kotex.  Now when we go shopping she makes me hand carry both our
Feminine Products to the check out counter.  I can hardly wait, in
another week, I'll be helping my mistress to stay clean and feminine
for another of her periods.


