          TANYA GETS A LESSON IN FAMILY FINANCE!
.
.
Copyright  1994
Red Hot Mama Productions
.
     The second she opened the American Express bill, Tanya
knew that she was in trouble.  The $800 charge for the dress was
on the bill.  She remembered the lecture her husband had given
her the last time she had spent more than her allowance.  How
could she forget?  It had gone on for more than an hour.  As
Tanya recalled Rick's words, she unconsciously caressed her
supple rearend.  "If this happens again, I'm going to blister your
bottom until you can't sit down for a week."  To ensure that
Tanya understood exactly what her punishment would be, she
was then made to repeat after him "If I spend more than my
monthly allowance again, I'm going to get a good, hard
spanking."
     Tanya had no doubt that the spanking would occur, for her
husband was a strict disciplinarian. Two months before their
wedding, he had showed her a lightweight paddle which he had
made.  He then warned her that from that day on, if she
misbehaved, she would receive a spanking.  At the time, she
didn't believe him, for she was a pretty girl who had been
disciplined very little as a child.  In fact, at age 20, she had never
been spanked.  This was soon to change, for Rick meant
business.
     The following two years were difficult for Tanya, for she was
a spoiled, headstrong girl who had to learn everything the hard
way; slowly and painfully, over Rick's knee.  She still vividly
recalled her first spanking.  Tanya and a girlfriend had gone for a
drink and lost track of the time.  When she arrived home, late
and tipsy, Rick was worried and angry.  After scolding her
severely, he ordered her into the bedroom for a spanking.
"No!  I won't go, " she yelled.  When she refused, he carried her
to the bedroom, got the paddle from the closet, and sat down on
the bed.  Then, holding her firmly, he pulled her jeans and
panties down to her knees and turned her over his knee.
     Now then, he asked "Do you understand why you're being
spanked?"  At this point, Tanya recalled, she made a serious
error.  She replied "Screw you!"  When the paddle smacked
Tanya's bottom, the report sounded like a gunshot.  She
screamed and tried to protect her rearend with one hand, but
Rick immediately pinned it to the small of her back, then
continued the spanking.  She wailed and kicked as the paddle
stung her bare bottom, but to no avail.  For the first time in her
life, she was really having to pay for actions.
     After giving her ten licks in rapid succession, Rick paused.
Tanya's bottom and the backs of her thighs were now a hot pink
color, and she was on the verge of tears.  "Now then," lectured
Rick, "I'm going to ask you again! Do you understand why
you're getting a spanking?"
     "Because I was a bad girl and came home late," she sniffed,
still trying to hold back the tears. "Please stop spanking me
Honey.  My bottom hurts!"
     "That's better," Rick replied sternly. "Now I'm going to teach
you to mind when I give you an order.."  And before she had
time to protest, he pinned both her hands behind her back and
and began to spank her again.
     Tanya grimaced as she remembered that first spanking.
Slowly and deliberately, Rick had given her twenty more licks
on her naked derriere.  But now, instead of spanking her entire
backside, he slowed down between licks and concentrated on one
spot, the part of her bottom that she sat on.  By the time he was
one-half through, her rear-end was a bright crimson, and she was
sobbing uncontrollably. It seemed to her that the more she
begged and pleaded, the harder he spanked her.
     The second part of the spanking took five minutes.  When it
was over, her bottom was red, hot, and blistered. Then Rick
stood Tanya on her feet and ordered her to apologize for the way
she had behaved.
     "I'm sorry," she sobbed, "I'll be good.  I promise.  Please don't
spank me anymore."
     Then Rick held her in his arms and told her that he loved her,
and that he didn't like to punish her, but that it was for her own
good.  Then, with her panties and jeans still down around her
knees, she was made to stand with her nose in the corner for
thirty minutes.
.
                         
    
    

.
     Tanya sat naked in front of her dressing table and thought
about her current predicament.  Her choices were limited.  She
could simply not tell her husband about the bill and hope he
didn't discover it, or she could confess and take her licks.  The
first choice was tempting.  If she could somehow pay the $800
herself and keep Rick from finding out, she might avoid a
spanking.  On the other hand, if she lied and was discovered, she
would probably get spanked twice - once because of the bill, and
a second time for lying.
     Tanya thought back to her first spanking.  She had learned
several valuable lessons that day. First, since there was usually
no escaping punishment, she had found that absolute obedience
was the best tact.  When ordered to the bedroom for punishment,
she would say "Yes Sir," and go without another word.  Once
there, she would get the paddle out, remove her skirt or jeans,
pull her panties down, and wait to be disciplined.  Second, she
tried not to kick or cry out during the spanking, as this
usually resulted in harder licks, and more of them.  Finally,
although she was disciplined regularly for misbehaving
(generally, she received a spanking every week or two for
infractions such as lying, nagging, or having tantrums), Tanya
had learned that if she admitted that her punishment was
deserved, Rick would usually stop short of really blistering her.
     Still pondering her fate, Tanya put on a halter top, red bikini
panties, and a pleated miniskirt. Then she went to the closet and
examined the paddle. It was made of 3/8" plywood, thick enough
to really sting, but not heavy enough to bruise her.  It was four
inches wide and just long enough to smack both cheeks of her
bottom at the same time.  She took the paddle down from where
it hung, pretended to give herself a spank, and made a face.
     She had been spanked the week before for talking back, and
she still could feel the sting of the paddle on her rear.  Her
punishment had consisted of twenty licks on her naked butt (the
usual), but Rick had spread the licks around on her cheeks, and
half of them hadn't been too hard.  Even so, she had cried when
ordered to the corner, and her bottom stung for several hours
afterward.
     In her mind, Tanya compared the spanking from the week
before with the first spanking she had receiveded.  She recalled
that after that first spanking, her bottom had felt like it was on
fire, and that it had been sore for more than a week afterward.
She knew that this spanking would be much harder than the one
administered last week, but still, it wouldn't be as bad as the
other ... would it?
     Tanya knew that she had no choice.  Her husband was a
careful man who scrutinized the household expenses each month.
He would certainly question her as to why the American Express
bill had not been received.  At best, she could only delay her
punishment for a few days, but that would also make it worse.
Her throat was dry and her hand trembled as she dialed the
number, but she knew what she had to do.  She called his office
and stammered out her  confession.
.
                         
    
    

.
     Tanya sat on the sofa in the den and waited.  She was
painfully aware that once her miniskirt was raised, the sheer
bikini panties would be almost no protection from the board;
even if she were allowed to keep them on. She started to change
to thicker cotton panties and jeans, but realized that there was no
use.  She laughed nervously to herself, "No point in getting
dressed just to get undressed again."
     Rick had been noncommittal over the telephone.  "I'll deal
with you when I get home" was all that he had said, but she
knew exactly what he meant.  Tanya had an appointment with
the paddle!
     She tried to think of other things, of her new dress, her BMW,
her beautiful condo, but her mind always returned to the same
thing - the paddle in the bedroom and the spanking to come.  She
wondered how many licks he would give her; how hard they
would be; would they all be in the same place?  She imagined
that she could hear the whacking report as the paddle struck her
bare rearend, and she felt the resulting sting - over and over
again. She unconsciously rubbed her bottom.  The thought of
being punished was almost as bad as the punishment itself.
     When Tanya caressed her bottom, something stirred inside of
her.  Without thinking, she put her hand inside her panties and
touched herself.  She felt her nipples with the other hand.  They
were hard as a rock.  What Rick didn't know was that the
spankings aroused her.  Each time, after she was disciplined, she
couldn't wait for him to hold her and soothe her.  As she did her
corner-time after a spanking, she nearly went crazy anticipating
what migh come next.  Yet she was afraid to tell Rick for
fear that he would devise some other way to discipline her.
     Slowly, Tanya slipped her panties down and began to
manipulate herself in earnest.  She knew that it was just a form
of escape, but at least it took her mind off what was to come.
Suddenly the spanking was fantasy instead of punishment.  Just
as she was about to reach her climax, she heard Rick's key turn
the lock.
     Tanya jumped as if she were shot.  She leapt to her feet and
pulled her panties up in the same motion.  Totally flustered,
when Rick came into the room she ran to him, through her arms
around him, and cried over and over "I'm sorry I was bad, I'm
sorry I was bad!  I know I deserved to be punished!"
     Rick made her sit on a wooden chair in the kitchen while he
lectured her.  As he admonished her, she wiggled and squirmed
and tried to avoid making any form of eye contact.  He asked her
repeatedly if she had any excuse for going over her budget.  It
appeared that he was giving her every chance to vindicate
herself, yet all she could do was stare at the floor and answer
"No Sir."
     Finally, exasperated, he ordered her to sit up straight and look
at him.  Then he asked her the dreaded question.  "What did I tell
you was going to happen if you spent more than your monthly
allowance again" he asked.
     Tears began to roll down Tanya's cheeks.  She averted her
eyes and mumbled "rearend...blissered."
     "Look at me" he replied in mock rage.  "Look at me and
answer!"
     Finally, Tanya summoned all her courage, looked him in the
eye, and lisped "I'd get my bottom blissered with the paddle."
     Rick looked at his lovely wife and wanted to take pity on her.
After all, she had called and confessed on her own.  This
certainly was a different person from the spoiled bitch he'd
married two years ago.  But he also realized that regular
discipline was the reason for the change.  "Spare the rod and
spoil the child" he thought.
     Tanya's heart sank when he spoke again.
     "Tanya," Rick said, "confessing your behavior to me took a
lot of courage.  I'm certainly going to take it into consideration.
You know that I love you, but I'm still going to punish you
severely.  Go to the bedroom and get the paddle.  Then come to
the den and stand in the corner until I've finished watching the
news.  Then you're going to get your bare bottom spanked.  Then
he kissed her on the cheek and sent her to await her punishment.
     Tanya stood in the corner with her skirt raised and her panties
lowered to her knees.  She was acutely aware of her bare bottom,
and wondered why Rick made her pull her panties down.  They
provided little or no protection from the paddle, as they only
covered a small portion of her behind. But she knew better than
to ask, for questions invariably meant a longer session over his
knee.
     She looked at the panties down around her shapely long legs
and felt awkward and clumsy. Fear now replaced the excitement
that she had experienced earlier.   She wished that the news
would hurry and be over, and at the same time, wished that it
would never end.  For the hundredth time, she ran her fingers
over the paddle.  It had a rough side and a smooth side.  She
wished that Rick would spank her with the smooth side (she
imagined that it would hurt less), but she knew that wouldn't
happen.
     When the news was over, Rick became all business.  He
ordered her to come into the kitchen and give him the paddle. As
she handed him the paddle, he sat down on the straight-backed
wooden chair and said "All right Tanya.  Raise your skirt and
turn over my knee.  I'm going to blister your rearend until you
can't sit down on either side."
     Tanya knew better than to hesitate.  Reluctantly, she lifted her
skirt above her waist, then quickly assumed the classic position,
face down over Rick's knee.  Clumsily, she braced herself with
one hand on the floor and held her skirt up with the other.  Her
head was to his left,  her feet and long legs to his right.  High
above, or so it seemed to her, she felt the cool night air on her
naked bottom. "It won't be cool for long," she thought.
     She jumped when Rick tapped her sexy behind with the
paddle.  "Tell me why you're getting a spanking" he ordered.
     She pushed her long blonde hair out of her face and answered
"Because I was a bad girl and spent too much money."
     Can you think of one, single, solitary reason why I shouldn't
spank you?" he asked.
     "No Sir" she answered in a very small voice.  Then she closed
her eyes, gritted her teeth, and waited for the inevitable.
     She hadn't long to wait.  Rick raised the paddle high above his
head and brought it down on her bottom with a resounding
"Whack."
     No matter how hard she tried, Tanya was never quite ready
when a spanking began.  When the paddle exploded on her
bottom, the pain was instantaneous.  She managed to stifle a
scream, but her reflexes were automatic.  Her back arched, her
head flew up, and she let go of her skirt and reached behind her
to protect her rear-end from the blows that were sure to follow.
     Quickly, Rick grabbed her wrist in a vice-like grip and
pinned her hand to the small of her back, then flipped her skirt
up above her waist so that her luscious bottom was completely
exposed. When he spoke, his voice was stern  "Behave yourself!
You're in enough trouble already."  Then he raised the paddle
and swatted her bottom again - in the exact same spot.
     Tanya handled the second lick better than the first. Although
the sting from the paddle was excruciating, she neither flinched
nor cried out.  She knew that she was helpless and had no choice
but to accept her punishment.  She also felt guilty and knew that
she deserved a spanking.
     Rick swung the paddle hard and swatted her butt again. Then
again, and again, and again. Each time, the sound of the paddle
smacking her backside was like a gunshot.  He administered the
spanking slowly and methodically, carefully delivering each lick
to the part of her bottom that she sat on, just above her thighs.
Between licks, he scolded, and admonished her to behave herself.
     After the tenth lick, Tanya could no longer hold back the
tears.  As they rolled down her cheeks, her makeup began to run
and she looked a mess. Her bottom burned, and the pain from
each new lick was agonizing.  Each time she started to cry out,
she remembered what Rick had taught her during other
spankings.  "Don't complain; don't cry out; take your spanking
like a big girl."  So she bit her lip and took her medicine.
     After the fifteenth lick, Rick paused.  Tanya's bottom,
ordinarily a beautiful contrast of golden brown and white tan
lines, was now a bright shade of pink.  He released her arm, but
ordered her not to get up. "I'm not through with you yet" he said.
Then he rubbed her bottom, chastised her for being spoiled rotten
and a spendthrift, and assured her that he was going to teach her
a lesson she would never forget.
     Tanya wiped her eyes and tried to listen, but all she could
think of was her throbbing butt...and that any second, the
spanking would resume.  She knew better than to beg, but
couldn't help herself.
     "Please Honey, I'm sorry!  I'll be a good girl!  Please don't
spank me anymore!"
     The sharp sting of the paddle caught her completely off
guard.  Without thinking, she yelped and grabbed her bottom
with both hands.
     Once again, Rick paused.  "Put your hands in front of you!
And if you try to protect your rear again, I'll start the spanking
over from the beginning."
     Reluctantly, she obeyed, for she knew that her husband meant
every word.  She gritted her teeth and began to cry again, for she
knew there was no escape from the stinging blows to her rear.
     When Rick smacked her bottom again, she sobbed and
writhed in pain.  But she maintained the proper position over his
knee, and made no effort to protect herself.
     Slowly and deliberately he burned her ass with the paddle
fifteen more times.  As her butt turned a bright red, the pain
became excruciating.  After each lick, she squirmed in agony,
and begged him to stop, but he ignored her pleas.  He would
simply order her to behave, reposition her over his knee, then
swat her bottom again.
     Tanya thought the spanking would never end.  It seemed like
Rick waited an eternity between licks.  She knew that she was
prolonging her suffering by misbehaving, but her bottom was so
blistered she couldn't help herself. Her derriere felt like it was on
fire.
     After the thirtieth lick, Rick paused again.  "Do you think you
can behave yourself now?" he asked.
     "Yes Sir!" she sobbed.  "I promise I'll never be bad again.
Please don't spank me anymore!"
     Gently, Rick stood her on her feet in front of him.  As he did,
her red panties fell down around her ankles and she kicked them
off.  She lifted her skirt and touched her burning bottom with the
palm of her hand but it only made the pain worse.  She wanted to
kick and stamp her feet, but knew better.
     Rick stood and kissed her on the lips, then ordered her to go
and wash her face.  "If you're not straightened up and back here
in five minutes, I'll blister you again!"
     Tanya needed no further encouragement.  Without a word,
she turned and fled into the bathroom.
.
                         
    
    

.
     Tanya stood in her dressing room and cried while she fixed
her hair (sitting down was out of the question).  Her eyes burned
from her tears, her posterior burned from the paddling, her face
was a mess, and her feelings were hurt.  More than anything, she
wanted Rick to hold her and reassure her that he still loved her.
     Once she was able to stop the tears, she put on new makeup,
then raised her skirt, and examined her derriere in the full-length
mirror.  Her bottom was a dull red and marked with small
blisters in several spots.  She touched a particularly tender area
and winced.  "I'll be eating standing up for awhile," she thought.
Then she checked her makeup again and removed her skirt and
halter top.
     When Tanya returned to the living room, she was wearing
black patten leather heels, a sexy pout, and nothing else.  She ran
to Rick and threw her arms around him.  "I didn't deserve to be
spanked that hard" she sulked.  "My bottom will never be the
same.  I'll have to sleep on my stomach forever."  Then she
managed a few crocodile tears.
     Rick reacted exactly as she had expected.  Without a word, he
spun her around, gave her a sharp slap on each cheek of her
blistered bottom, and marched her to the corner.  "We'll see if
your attitude improves after an hour in the corner" he scolded.
Then he whispered something in her ear and gave her a final
swat on her blistered bottom.
     Tanya stood in the corner and counted a flower's petals on the
wallpaper for the hundredth time.  It seemed to her that she had
already been in the corner for an eternity, but she new it had been
only a few minutes.  She wanted to caress her burning bottom,
but knew that if Rick saw her, it would mean another trip over
his knee.  Finally, She decided to risk another slap on the bottom
and peeked to see if Rick was looking.  "Good" she thought.
"He's busy watching television."
     As usual after being punished, she was wet between her legs.
She wanted Rick right then, but knew she would have to wait.
"Maybe he knows and this is part of the punishment."  She
sneaked another peek, then touched herself and thought of the
words he had whispered.
     "After you've done your time in the corner, you're going to get
a nice surprise. Then you're going to spend some time on your
knees."  And Tanya knew that he didn't mean praying.  She
smiled and gently caressed herself.  Suddenly the time began to
pass more quickly.
.
                               The End!
