Tape
by deirdre

I was a bit drunk at that party.  That is really my only excuse.  As if 
I really had an excuse when my wife, Sara, caught me outside with 
Judy, a woman with one thing on her mind that night.  And I admit 
that if Sara hadn't caught us, I can't say how far things would have 
gone.

To say that Sara was upset would be and understatement.  She was 
gone immediately, and I rushed home to find her packing.  I knew I'd 
been stupid and didn't want her to leave, so I begged her to give me 
another chance.  She wasn't listening and was soon gone.

The next morning, I felt like such a fool.  A little bit of thought told 
me that Sara had spent the night at a friend's and was probably at 
work.  I sent flowers and a note to her at work, and showed up at 
lunch time to beg her to have lunch with me.  She would have nothing 
to do with me and I had to leave to avoid making a scene.  That night 
she showed up at the house, but just to pack up more of her things.  I 
used the opportunity to beg again, and told her I wanted her back 
more than anything else in the world.

I'm not sure she was really reconsidering, but she did stop while I 
was begging and looked at me with a thoughtful expression--almost 
a smirk.  "You'll do *anything* to get me back?"  She asked.

"Yes."

"Anything I ask you to?"

"Yes, I will."

"OK," she thought, and I definitely saw amusement on her face "I 
want a night with you where I call the shots.  *All* the shots."

I only thought for a second.  "OK," I said.  I was terribly relieved.  In 
just one night, she'd get her revenge, and then it would be over--we 
would be back together again.  She still refused to stay, saying she'd 
come over the following night to collect on my promise first.

The following night Sara appeared around 8pm.  She seemed cheerful 
enough.  She asked me if I was ready and I assented.  Then she told 
me to come with her into the family room.  After I followed her in 
there, she turned around and told me to strip.  I had a nervous 
twinge, but I recalled our agreement and went ahead.  I also got a 
little excited, and my cock was growing by the time I was naked.  I 
ended up just standing there in front of her.  She looked me up and 
down.  There wasn't any amusement on her face, and in fact, she 
looked rather serious.  Then she told me to lie with my stomach on 
our ottoman.

I realized she was really going to get her pound of flesh, but after 
only a second's hesitation I did it.  I admit I was beginning to worry.  
She knelt down beside me and had pieces of rope with which she tied 
my upper arms and thighs to the ottoman.  Then she tied my wrists 
and ankles.  I asked her what was going on, but she told me not to 
worry about that.  Then she stuffed a rag into my mouth and tied 
another one around my head to hold it in.  I knew I was going to get 
it, but still figured I'd manage.

The next thing I knew, she was bringing a man into the room.  He was 
tall and very muscular.  That is when I lost it.  You see, not long 
after Sara and I first started having sex and were experimenting, 
Sara had shown an unusual interest in my ass.  In fact, she told me a 
couple of times that she'd love to see a stud take my ass, to show 
me what a "real man" was.  I let her know that that was absolutely 
out of the question and neither of us had mentioned it since.  Now I 
was learning that she had remained intrigued by the idea all this 
time and was now making the most of her opportunity.

I struggled and yelled but it was no use.  Sara introduced the guy as 
Dave and he went about his business, taking off his clothes.  He was 
extremely muscular--obviously a body-builder.  His cock was hard, 
too.  Sara gave him some K.Y. jelly and she had our camcorder!  She 
told me I could make this easy or hard, it was all the same to them.  
I cursed myself for forgetting Sara's little fetish.  I felt fingers 
lubricating my rear hole and couldn't believe I'd let myself get 
trapped like this.  I felt a finger work its way in.  Sara stood by and 
taped.  She definitely looked amused--more than amused--she looked 
ecstatic!  I felt more--two fingers?  And then a lot more!  I had no 
choice--I had to do what I could.  My cock was hard, pushed against 
the side of the ottoman--how could that be?  Sara commented on it 
and zoomed in to make sure she got my hardness.  Dave didn't say 
anything, but started fucking me with long, slow strokes.  *This 
can't be happening.  I can't be hard.  I can't be having a man's cock in 
my ass.*  There was nothing I could do.  I felt so trapped, so 
controlled.

I felt Dave come.  He was going wild, but then he slowed down.  Sara 
was still happily getting it all on tape.  She zoomed in on my face.  
And my ass as he pulled out.  Was this my Sara?

Then they left.  I was left alone, tied in that position.  I don't know 
how long I had to wait--maybe an hour, but it seemed like one 
hundred.  I began to wonder if I had to get out of that myself.  I 
managed to turn the ottoman on its side and lay there sideways on 
the floor.  Other than a little scooting, that is all I managed.

Then Sara was back in the room.  She untied me and told me we were 
done, that she was staying.  She kissed me too, and she seemed 
genuinely thankful that I had "given" her this evening.  I couldn't 
show much enthusiasm.  I asked her where the tape was.  She gave it 
to me.  Then she told me it was a copy for my viewing pleasure--
that she had been gone making copies so I wouldn't be able to erase 
her last copy.  That night she wanted to snuggle, then to do it.  I 
couldn't resist her.  While we were doing it, she told me about my 
"cute ass" and was grabbing my cheeks.  I couldn't believe this.  Still, 
I couldn't resist her and we came together like never before.

The next thing I noticed was that Sara's friends would stare at me, 
often when I wasn't watching them.  Some of them looked amused 
while others just seemed in awe.  It didn't take me long to deduce 
that Sara had shown them the tape!  I guess I got a lesson in 
appearing nonchalant.

But one of Sara's friends, Leah, went further.  She not only looked 
amused when I was around, but when we were alone, she 
complimented me on the tape just like Sara had done.  She asked me 
if I'd watched it.  When I didn't dignify that with an answer, she told 
me I should do it.  Sara had asked me to watch it a few times too, 
but I always refused.

But Leah still wasn't satisfied.  She told me she had a copy of the 
tape, but that she wanted to see my ass "get it" in person.  I told her 
no way.  I tried to indicate that any ideas she had along that line 
were hopeless.  But she had another idea--she asked me how I'd like 
the guys at work to see the tape.

I felt trapped.  I looked at her amused face.  I knew there was no 
escape.  She told Sara that I was going to give them both a show.  I 
don't know if Sara knew about Leah's blackmail.  But Sara seemed 
ready to get me to do it again, whatever it took.  I felt faint.

They decided on the following night.  Leah and Dave showed up.  
There I was, not bound by ropes, but with no choice!  They had me 
strip and get over the ottoman again.  Leah had a camcorder.  Sara 
tied me up and gagged me.  Maybe I wouldn't have been able to go 
through with it without being tied.  I shudder to think.

Dave did it again.  I hate to say it, but though it was just as 
humiliating as the first time, it was somehow also easier.  I just 
tried to let them get it over with.  Soon Dave came as the women 
gleefully cheered him on.  I couldn't believe this.

They untied me.  Then Leah said that Sara owed me one.  Sara said 
that was OK, but I watched Leah and she looked like she had 
something specific in mind.  She and Dave grabbed Sara, tied her to 
the ottoman, and gagged her.  Then Leah took a scissors and cut off 
all her clothes.  Dave got behind her.  She struggled so hard.  And 
Leah was getting it all with the camcorder.  She told Sara to relax, 
that she had this coming and there was nothing she could do.  Dave 
just worked on her rear hole just as he had worked on mine.  Soon he 
had a finger in her, and a little while later, he was sliding his cock 
into her.  She was yelling into the gag.  Leah was almost falling 
down in hysterics, but she still shot away, with close-ups on Sara's 
face and of the cock plunging right in.

Soon Dave had come and was pulling out.  Before Sara was untied 
Leah took the tape out and gave it to me.  She gave me her keys and 
told me to lock it in her trunk--or else.  She still had that first 
tape--I had no choice.

When I got back, I was in for another surprise!  Leah was tied to the 
ottoman!  Nude!  Sara and Dave were there looking smug.  Sara said 
Dave wasn't ready for any more, so I should take Leah!  Leah glared at 
me through her gag.  Sara showed no pity, telling her she got a turn 
like the rest of us.

I had been just standing there dumbly, so Sara told me to strip.  She 
had a leather belt and she whipped Leah's ass with it.  She ordered 
Leah to make it easy on herself.  Leah finally looked resigned.  Sara 
put the K.Y. jelly on Leah's rear herself and pushed her fingers into 
Leah's rear hole.  While she was working her finger in and out, she 
slapped Leah's rear several times.  She also masturbated my cock to 
get it hard as if it wasn't hard enough.  Dave was sitting across the 
room, watching.  Sara told me to do it, then told Leah to push her ass 
back into my cock.  I felt Leah doing it.  Sara went to find a blank 
tape while I continued.  She got back, and started shooting us, then 
yelled encouragement.  I felt Leah's cunt and she was sopping wet.  
Sara told Dave to wash his cock and come back.  Then she came over 
and pulled of Leah's gag.  When Dave came back, she had him kneel in 
front of Leah and put his cock in her mouth.  Then she was back at 
the camcorder.  Leah was going crazy and Dave was hard in a minute.  
I came and withdrew.  Sara gave me the camcorder and told me to 
get it all and she started whipping Leah again with the belt.  Finally 
Dave came.  Sara pulled out the tape and told me to go hide it.  When 
I returned, Leah was untied, but lying, exhausted on the floor.

Well, that was our last such adventure.  Leah is no longer a bitch 
about that tape--she gave us a copy of her tape of me and Sara and 
we gave her a copy of the tape of her.  I finally broke down and 
watched the tapes of me getting it--Sara likes to watch all three 
tapes, and just loves being fucked while she's watching.
