===================Tarah's Transformation, Part 1============================
	
	Tarah had heard about Dr. Tomission from a friend.  There were
rumors that certain research chemists had found ways to alter
human genes, and to make the efect immediate.  Dr. Tommission
had taken that research the furthest, and the rumors flew about
what he was capable of doing.  His price was high, $5 Millon,
but it was rumored he could do anything.  Tarah's friend had won
the lottery, and used her $5 million to get Dr. Tomission to
work on her.  The results were astonishing.  Geenie was a short,
flat-chested, boyish woman, but after Dr. Tomission got done,
there was no trace of the old Geenie.  She was 5' 11", and all
curves.  She measured 55GGG-25-39, and she now had to fight off
all the men trying to get between her silky, muscular thighs. 
When a distant cousin died and left Tarah exaclty $5 Million,
she knew exactly what to do with it.

	She arrived at Dr. Tomission's office, and nervously entered. 
She was greeted by the receptionist.  The receptionist was tall
and skinny, but her red dress clung tightly around her huge
breasts.  She was showing plenty of creamy clevage, and Tarah
wondered what she looked like before.  She looked up at Tarah,
and although Tarah had never made it with another woman, she
felt instantly attracted to the receptionist, who introduced
herself as Karen.  Tarah couldn't help but notice the way
Karen's big, firm titties jiggled as she led Tarah into the
waiting room.  Karen's delicious ass swayed in front of Tarah,
and she found herself getting quite steamy between her legs. 
Karen told Tarah to have a seat, and wait for the Doctor.

	After about half an hour, Karen jiggled in and told Tarah to go
in.  She got up nervously, and walked into the Doctor's office. 
Dr. Tomission was not what she had expected.  Instead of seeing
some geeky research scientist, she saw a very attractive man. 
He was about 6'6", and Tarah could see his muscular arms and
chest even through his suit and lab coat.  She snuck a peek
between his legs, but couldn't see anything telling, although
his legs and butt were also quite well muscled.  Tarah wondered
if the doctor was his own patient.

	Dr. Tomission asked her several questions about what she was
looking to do.  She answered that she wanted to be very tall,
very muscular, and very large-breasted.  He smiled and said "I
think we can handle that, Tarah."  With that, he walked out of
the room, telling Tarah he'd be back soon.

	About half an hour later, he returned.  In his hands he held a
flask of brown liquid.  He told Tarah to strip naked (so she
wouldn't rip her clothes), and drink the liquid.  She did both,
and he led her in front of a full-length mirror so she could see
the results.

	At first, nothing happened, and Tarah was disappointed.  Then,
suddenly, she felt a tingling rush flow through her body.  Her
nipples grew harder than she had ever felt them get, and her
pussy was throbbing hotter and hotter. As she looked in the
mirror, she became even wetter, and more amazed.

	First, she became taller.  All of her limbs grew longer and
longer, yet remained in perfect proportion to her stretching
body.  She thought at least 5 times that she would stop growing,
but it didn't happen until she was taller than Dr. Tomission!

	Next came her muscles.  Her calves swelled into two huge
diamond shaped bulges.  She gasped as her thighs grew and grew,
pumping into oak-trees of solid, sinewy muscle.  She turned to
the side and watched her ass muscles pump up until they were two
perfect semicircles of hard, twitching flesh.  She turned to the
front again, and watched her waist get even skinnier, her
abdominal muscles standing out like speed bumps.  Her pectoral
muscles looked as if they would burst through her skin, giving
her impressive clevage just from her muscle.  Her back spread
like wings, and she felt all of her back and shoulder muscles
through her paper-thin skin.  The last to grow were her arms.
She repeatedly flexed them, watching her biceps and triceps grow
and grow with every flexing, until her biceps looked like
footballs, and her triceps were two horseshoes of solid flesh.

	Her last wish was for breasts.  Her chest was already massive,
from her muscles, but it continued to grow.  Her tits started as
softballs, and didn't stop growing until they were bigger than
her head.  Her fat aureole pumped from the surface of her juggs,
and they were capped by nipples that were as thick as her thumbs.

	She stood there, stunned at what had just happened, while the
doctor took measurements.  Her chest was over 100 inches, thanks
to her wide, hugely muscled back, and her gigantic breasts.  Her
waist was a mere 25 inches, and her pumped-up hips measured 45
inches.  Her thighs and calves measured 34" and 22"
respectively, and her arms were 18" of hardness.  All this was
at a height of 6'3", and a weight of 250 lbs.

	The doctor then led her to a room that was more completely
equipped than any gym she had ever seen.   It was filled with
row after row of exercise machines, free weights, and
Stairmasters.  The walls were covered floor to ceiling in
mirrors.   The doctor told her that most of his male clients
request muscles, and he would bring them here to explore their
new limits.  He told her to take her time, and when she was
ready, to meet him back in his office.

	The first thing she worked was her mammoth arms.  She walked
over to a dumbbell rack, and selected 50-lb dumbbells.  She held
one in each hand, and slowly alternated curling them, watching
her arms flex and pump in the mirrors.  She was amazed that even
50lbs seemed light, and she easily ripped off two sets of curls.
She continued to increase the weight, until she was curling
100lb dumbbells for reps, and her veins were pumped full of
blood, making her muscles even fuller than before.  She popped a
pose, looking in the mirror, and smiled, admiring her gigantic,
powerful arms.

	Next up were thighs.  She walked to the leg press machine and
loaded it up with several 100lb weights.  She sat in the
machine, and ripped off a set, clearly seeing every massive
muscle in her legs working, pumping, pushing the weight up again
and again.  When she had finished three sets, her leg muscles
had swelled even more, and were clearly visible through her
skin.  She continued to flex them, looking at them from every
angle.  They looked powerful enough to crush a 55-gallon drum
between them.  

	She turned and admired her round, steel-hard ass.  As she
pumped her hips, she saw the muscles in her butt clench and
release, and she thought of how wonderful it would be to fuck
someone and be able to pound back as hard as she got.

	She was getting quite excited with her incredible strength, but
it wasn't until she worked her chest that she thought she may
have gotten too much.  She loaded a bar with 250lbs of weight. 
She got on the bench, and all too easily ripped off 12 reps. 
She upped the weight to 315, and ripped off another 12 reps,
without even being winded.  She finished her bench work with two
more sets at 450 lbs.  Her mammoth tits jutted out even further,
resting on her enormous pectoral muscles, jiggling sexily as she
walked around the room.

	Two hours later, drenched with sweat, she was posing in front
of the mirrors.  She was not tired, yet her workout would have
killed any other human being, man or woman.  As she posed, her
sweat poured over her swollen tits, around her melon-sized
shoulders, across her football-like arm muscles, down her
enormous legs, along her silky smooth skin, to the floor.  She
posed and pumped herself up in front of the mirrors for another
30 minutes, admiring her massively pumped body, before hitting
the showers.

	It was only when she was drying off that she seriously noticed
her tits.  Each basketball-sized breast was perfectly smooth and
spherical.  They were capped off by huge deep brown aureole, and
nipples as thick as her thumb.  She smoothed her hands over each
mountainous tit, feeling their firmness and impressive weight,
moaning as she felt the first tingles of lust rippling through
her pumped up bod.  When she squeezed her nipples lightly, she
thought she would come right there from the lighning bolt of
electric lust blasting through her, connecting her nipples and
pussy in perfect symbiosis. 

	She continued to stroke and pinch her nipples, feeling them
throb in perfect time with her spasming pussy.  Her head rolled
back in lust, as she rode wave after wave of delicious pleasure,
each one building on the last.  She looked down, and noticed
that her nipples had swelled to the size of shotglasses.  She
closed her eyes, and lifted one of her orbs to her mouth.  Her
full lips closed around her nipple, and she sucked, lightly at
first, then with increasing pressure as her pussy cranked up to
another level of pure pleasure.  

	She alternated sucking her enormous nipples, and was soon
rewarded with a jet of warm, creamy tit-milk.  She pulled back,
and watched her milk shoot out of her in thick blasts.  Her
pussy was now spasming out of control, and she knew it wouldnt
be long.  She continued to suck, feeling herself climb higher
and higher, until her body could no longer contain her lust. 
Her entire body flexed and quaked, and her pussy spasmed
mightily.  Her cunt juice shot out of her pussy, in gush after
gush as she came and came, each mighty orgasm more powerful than
the last.  Finally, her quaking body subsided, and, after she
cleaned off the huge puddle she made on the bench and the floor,
she put on a robe to return to the doctor's office.

	The robe was definitely too tight.  Her powerful shoulders and
arms stretched the material to its limit.  Her tits bulged from
the center of the robe, showing mounds of clevage to the world. 
She got back to the receptionist's desk, and was told to wait in
a special waiting room for the doctor to see her.  She noticed
Karen staring intently at her hard, round, juicy ass as it
swayed from the room.

	About five minutes later, Karen entered the room.  Her large
breasts were heaving, and her nipples were plainly visible
through the thin fabric of her dress.  Without a word, she bent
down and kissed Tarah fully on the lips, her silky tongue
sliding in and out of Tarah's mouth.  Tarah had never made it
with a woman before, but as Karen reached into her robe and
tweaked her huge nipples, Tarah moaned and decided to go with
the flow.  

	Karen gasped as Tarah shrugged off her robe.  Tarah flexed her
arms in an astounding double-biceps pose, and Karen moaned as
she ran her hands over Tarah's huge bulging arms.  She
continued, running her hand down Tarah's sides, and over her
mountainous breasts.  It was Tarah's turn to moan as Karen
rubbed and stroked Tarah's now shotglass-sized nipples.  

	Karen bent down, and softly kissed Tarah's engorged nipples.  She
swirled her tongue around the massive dugs, and wrapped her lips
around one, sucking hotly.  Tarah was in orbit with lust,
begging Karen to suck her harder and Harder.  Karen alternated
between the swollen nipples, and as before, Tarah's nipples gave
forth a jet of warm, creamt tit-milk.  Karen slid back, and
pinched Tarah's nipples, watching as the creamy milk exploded
from Tarah's giant nipples.  Karen was mewing contentedly, as
she eagerly lapped the milk from Tarah's tits, and continued
sucking her big nips.  Tarah groaned as the throbbing in her
tits and nipples spread to her entire body.  She began quaking,
and before long, she came to a moaning, jetting orgasm,
squirting her cunt juice all over Karen's legs.  

	Karen kissed her way down Tarah's abdomen, marvelling at the
huge lumps of muscle there.  She licked and stroked Tarah's
enormous thighs, outlining every curvaceous muscle with her
silky wet tongue.  By now,  Tarah was shaking, her lust climbing
higher and higher.  Tarah spread her legs, and it was Karen's
turn to gasp aloud.  

	Tarah looked down between her tits, and saw a gigantic clit
poking out from her dripping pussy.  It was as long and thick as
the top half of her thumb, and when Karen stroked it, Tarah went
ballistic with pleasure.  Karen began licking and sucking the
giant protrusion, and Tarah was moaning loudly, bucking her huge
ass, pumping her hips into the receptionists mouth.  

	Karen kept up the pressure, occaisionally sliding her long
silky tongue deep inside Tarah's juicing pussy before returning
her attention to Tarah's gigantic throbbing clit.  When she took
Tarah's clit into her mouth and sucked it hard, Tarah screamed
as her orgasm exploded through her body.  Every giant muscle
flexed, and her pussy spewed forth jet after jet of creamy cunt
juice.  Karen strained to keep up with Tara's cunt, swallowing
her lusty juices.  After an eternity, Tarah's orgasm subsided,
and Karen, smiling, came up for air.

	Karen thrust her huge tits into Tarah's face.  Tarah softly
squeezed them, admiring their weight and firmness.  She timidly
took a thumb-sized nipple into her mouth and sucked.  Karen
moaned, and Tarah's confidence shot up.  Soon, she was
alternating between both big nipples, sucking and sliding her
long wet tongue over them.  Karen was shaking, begging Tarah to
lick her pussy.  

	Tarah slid down her body, slipping her tongue into the folds of
Karen's wet cunt.  Karen moaned as Tarah alternated between
licking and sucking her clit, and sliding her long tongue deep
into Karen's sizzling cunt.  Tarah retuned Karen's favor by
sucking hard on her clit.  The recptionist exploded, filling
Tarah's mouth with delicious cunt juice.  The two were cuddling,
kissing, and fondling when the doctor walked in.

	Tarah was going to try to explain, but when she saw the doctor
smiling, she promptly changed her mind.  He took off his lab
coat and shirt, and as Tarah ran her eyes over his hugely
muscled chest and arms, her juices began flowing harder than
ever, and she felt waves of lust pouring through her gigantic
body.  When he removed his pants, she was in awe of his hard,
huge legs, and the big fat bulge in his pants only made her
wetter still.  He removed his jockey shorts, and Tarah almost
fainted.

	His penis was the biggest she had ever even dreamed of, and it
was still half-soft.  She watched in awe as he wrapped his hand
around it and stroked it, making it jerk harder and harder.  He
was a good two inches above his navel, and still growing plumper
and longer.  When he was done, he would have put any porn star,
and probably a few horses, to shame.  His cock was so fat, he
could barely wrap his hand around it.  His purple tip was the
size of Tarah's closed fist, and it was visibly throbbing and
drooling creamy pre-cum.  His balls were the size of jumbo eggs,
filled to the brim with cum.  Tarah looked around for a tape
measure, and when she found one, she breathily read the
measurement.  Fourteen and a half inches.

	Tarah groaned, and wrapped her hand around the doctor's cock. 
She felt it throbbing in her hand as she stroked its massive
length.  His pre-cum was dribbling faster now, lubing his prick
as she stroked slowly and sensuously.  She cupped and squeezed
is massive balls, and he groaned in appreciation.

	Tarah's tongue snaked out, and swirled around his fist-sized
crown.  He moaned, and his cock jerked in her hand.  His cream
tasted sweet, and unlike anything she had before.  The more she
eagerly lapped up, the more she wanted.

	She opened her lips as wide as she could, and took his tip in
her mouth.  To her surprise, he fit, and she had room to swirl
her tongue around him.  She sucked him lightly, and he began
pumping his hips, thrusting he monster cock down her throat. 
She relaxed, and easily swallowed as much as he gave, sucking
him harder and harder, swallowing his drooling cream.

	She removed him from her mouth with a wet pop, and kissed her
way down his cock.  She licked her way back up, and he moaned,
lost in her expert cocksucking.  Her swirling tongue slowly slid
up his flagpole, greedily slurping up his cum.  One hand was
around the base of his shaft, pumping slowly.  The other was
softly squeezing his giant balls.

	She started sucking him again, her cheeks hollowing, her tongue
swirling.  He groaned, pumping his hips.  Tarah felt his giant
head swell bigger, and she braced herself for his cum.

	His cock swelled even bigger, and the first blast of cream
spurted down Tarah's throat.  It was followed by spurt after
spurt of thick, gooey cum.  Tarah frantically swallowed to keep
up with him.  His huge cockhead was throbbing against the top of
her mouth, and some of his cum dribbled out of her mouth,
coating her huge tits.  She continued to milk him until he had
finally finished cumming.  She felt as if she had swallowed a
gallon of cum, and she was amazed to see him still rock-hard.

	She stood up, and posed for his enjoyment.  She ripped off some
poses, flexing her gigantic arms, feeling the blood flow through
them, inflating them to outrageous proprtions.  She flexed her
pecs, making her mountainous breasts jiggle hotly.  The
sensations flowing through her body were making her cunt juice
wetly.  

	Tarah smiled as she turned to the side, allowing him to see her
gigantic ass and leg muscles flex as she ground her hips in
short, quick circles.  She imagined his enormous prick inside
her as she did deep knee bends, her massive quads and hams
flexing and pumping.  She turned her back to him, and hit a back
double-biceps that would make most men green with envy.  When
she turned around again, he was against her, grinding his cock
against her speed-bump abdominals, squeezing her tits into his
chest.

	He bent forward and kissed her, his tongue intertwining with
hers.  She was surprised that his tongue was so long, and the
thought of it slipping deeply into her cunt almost made her cum
on the spot.  She kissed him back, hot and wet, feeling his
pulsating cockhead lodged at the bottom of her canyon-like
cleavage.  She wondered how his ramrod would fit inside her, but
as they continued to kiss, she worried lessand less, swept up in
pure lust.

	His hands roamed over her body, squeezing her basketball sized
glutes, stroking her huge shoulders, feeling her beefy traps,
and returning to her ass.  She lifted a massive leg, wrapping it
around her waist, grinding her hips against him.  He slid his
hand down her leg, marvelling at the awesome size and shape of
it, his mighty cock pulsing harder than ever.

	He released their embrace, so he could see her tits.  She
moaned as he stroked them, practically cumming just from their
sheer size and firmness.  Tarah pinched her huge nipples,
simultaneously flexing her pumped pectorals.  The result was a
pair of thick, creamy jets of tit-milk, hitting the doctor
square in the chest.  He laughed, and eagerly bent forward to
suck her.

	She groaned, and her body shuddered as she felt his mouth grip
her nipple, sucking hardly.  He alternated the pressure on her
nipples, squeezing and stroking her fat mounds.  She was
grinding up against him, feeling his tree trunk slipping along
her body.  The pressure in her pussy was building towards a
nuclear orgasm, and she pumped her hips faster, slamming them
into his pelvis.  The doctor stepped up the suction, putting his
hands around her hips, squeezing her ass and feeling it pump
rythmically in his hands. 

	Suddenly, she screamed, and her body shook violently.  The
doctor used his hands on her ass to hold her up as her body
spasmed again and again.  Her pussy was vibrating, cumming,
exploding, jetting cunt juice in warm, wet gushes.  She held
onto the doctor for dear life, nearly passing out, before her
enormous orgasm finally subsided.  She was still trembling when
the doctor sat her down on the top of a metal desk that was in
the room.

	The cold steel instantly warmed up as her hot ass cheeks sat
onto it.  The doctor actually thought he saw steam rising from
her cunt, as he returned to kissing her full, warm lips.  She
continued to grind up against him, begging for his cock to be in
her cunt.

	He slid down until his face was between her legs.  She spread
her columns of muscle, and he gasped at the size of her clit. 
When he licked it softly, Tarah's entire body shook in delight. 
He alternated licking her huge, throbbing clit, and sliding his
tongue deep inside her pussy.  Her cunt muscles would grip his
tongue so tightly that he would not be able to move it if her
cunt was not as soaking wet as it was.

	As her lust increased, Tarah was slowly destroying the desk. 
Her fingers had actually dug into the metal, bending and warping
it as she gripped for dear life.  Her legs were rythmically
pounding the desk, denting the drawers and handles.  The area
under her knees was smashed where they pinched the hard metal.

	Still, the doctor continued to lick and suck her perfect pussy.
He was now sucking her thumb-sized clit, making her body shake,
and her pussy vibrate hotly.  He reached up, kneading her tits
and squeezing her throbbing nipples.  She was moaning quite
loudly, and her clit was pulsating against the doctor's skilled
tongue.

	Tarah screamed again, and the doctor braced for her orgasm. 
Her body was vibrating hotly, and her cunt was exploding wetly. 
Gush after gush of lava-hot cunt juice spurted into his mouth. 
He swallowed every drop, continuing to flick his tongue along
her clit, extending her orgasm into another reality.  She kept
cumming and cumming, pumping her hips into his face.  Finally,
she subsided and he came up for air.

	When the doctor looked at Tarah, he noticed the damage to the
desk.  He was going to say something, but Tarah slid forward and
took his giant prick between her marvellous titties.

	Tarah flexed her pecs, making her cleavage even tighter around
him, and began sliding her tits up and down his flagpole.  Her
copious tit-milk was perfectly lubricating him, and the
sensations of her tits wrapped around him were sending him into
space.  He continued thrusting between her massive mammaries,
until she unwrapped him, leaning back and spreading her legs.

	He got the message, and placed the tip of his giant dick
against her hot throbbing cunt lips.  Her eyes told him to go
easy, so he slid into her inch by inch.  Her pussy expanded
wider than she thought she could, accepting his huge girth.  He
continued sliding into her, filling her pussy beyond her wildest
dreams.  When he stopped, she felt fuller, more completely
stuffed with cock than she ever thought she could be.  She
looked between her legs, and felt light-headed as she saw that
he was completely inside her.  He thrust his hips forward,
rubbing against her giant clitty.  She groaned, and her cunt
tightened around his cock.

	He began thrusting slowly, sliding almost completely out before
filling her cunt again.  She was dizzy with lust, feeling her
tight, vibrating cunt empty out and fill up again and again. 
His monster cock was rubbing her clit with every stroke, pumping
her higher and higher into orbit.  

	He reared up so that he could get a better look at her awesome
bod.  Her titties were jiggling with every thrust, and he saw
her thick abs flexing, pumping her hips in and out, in perfect
time with his pulsing prick.  She saw him looking, and hit a
double-biceps shot, making his cock surge inside her.  She
clamped down on his cock, and he began thrusting faster.  

	The pressure in her pussy was building, and she was moaning in
delight.  Her throbbing clit was under constant attack from his
thrusting shaft, and it was filling her body with electric
surges of lust.  She was shaking her head back and forth,
pumping her hips harder and harder against him.  Her jiggling
titties were throbbing mercilessly, and her cunt juice was
flowing like a river.

	Suddenly, Tarah reared up and let out a long moan.  Her body
began shaking, and her orgasm hit her like a runaway train.  She
was spasming uncontrollably, her hands pounding down on the
desk, twisting and smashing the metal desk.  Her vibrating cunt
was cumming and cumming and cumming, filled to her limit with
giant, pulsating cock meat.

	The feeling of Tarah's tight, muscular cunt humming around his
cock made the doctor have an enormous orgasm.  He pulled out of
her and blasted load after load of thick, gooey cum over her
titties.  When he had entirely coated her tits, he returned to
her still-spasming cunt, and filled it to overflowing with
sticky spunk.

	When they finished creaming, they fell together, kissing and
fondling each other lovingly.  They surveyed the damaged desk,
declaring it a total disaster area.  

	They were kissing and cuddling when Karen, the receptionist
walked in.

	Smiling, she asked "Can I join you?"............

==========================Tarah's Transformation, Part #2====================

	Jerry Miller had been the manager of "The Buff Bod Gym" for
nearly eight years, and he had never seen anything like it.  One
of the regulars showed him a weight bar that looked warped in
the middle, as if someone bent it in half, the re-straightened
it.  Jerry asked around to see if maybe someone overloaded the
bar, then tried to fix it.  Nobody admitted to it, but Jerry
suspected that was what happened to it.  Until closing time.

	Jerry noticed that the locks on the front door looked a little
funny.  If he was paranoid, he would have said the locks had
been jimmied.  He had heard about some vicious robberies in the
area, and he wondered if maybe some of his equipment had been
used and then returned.  He decided to lock up, but stay in the
gym for a while to see what would happen.

	There was a section of the back wall that was covered in
mirrors.  Behind the mirrors was a room that Jerry usually used
for security purposes.  The mirror were one-way, of course, and
since they were along the back wall, they offered an
unobstructed view of the entire gym.  Jerry would sometimes sit
back there and watch, especially if a member complained about
being harassed.  From the hidden room, Jerry could watch, and
verify the complaint, in complete secrecy.  If the complaint was
true, Jerry would simply bounce the offending member.  Since
Jerry was 6'8", and 265lbs of solid muscle, nobody would dispute
what he said.

	Tonight, Jerry lay in wait for whomever was breaking in and
damaging his precious gym equipment.  As it turned out, he
wouldn't be waiting long.

	About two hours after he closed up, he heard a noise.  The
front lock was being picked!  Jerry tensed up, not knowing what
was about to happen.  He calmed himself by remembering he was
safely hidden away.  He wished that he had set up a video camera
to catch the offenders on video.  "Oh well", he thought, "the
cops'll just have to believe me."

	Just then, the door lock popped, and the front door open. 
Since the lights were out, Jerry could only see shadows and
outlines.  He nearly shit his pants when he saw one seriously
huge dude stride in through the front door.  When the figure
slid over to the light switch, and popped on the lights, Jerry
almost came in his pants.

	It was a girl!  But nothing like Jerry had EVER seen before. 
She was about 6'6", and had a body that any man or woman would
be envious of, albeit for different reasons.  Her skin was a
gorgeous bronze, with no wrinkles or blemishes at all.  Her eyes
were dark, and almond shaped, and Jerry was in love with them. 
Her nose was small and pert, and her lips were full and sensuous.

	Her bright yellow body suit was low-cut in front, high-cut in
back, and left little to the imagination.  Her back was wide
enough to fill the front doorway, and her shoulders looked like
cannonballs.  Her arms were fully-pumped to the size of
footballs, and her abs were big enough to show through the front
of her body suit.  Her enormous ass muscles bunched and released
with every step, and her tree-trunk sized legs and calves
swelled as she walked.  Her pecs looked like they jutted out 4"
from her sternum, and on top of them were the hugest tits Jerry
had ever seen.  Twin basketballs, jiggling sexily in her outfit,
nipples clearly visible under her body suit.

	Jerry's cock was throbbing in his sweatpants, making a large
tent in the front of them.  He sat there dumbfounded as this
WonderWoman started a workout.

	 ***                     ***                     ***

	The first thing Tarah decided to work was her legs.  She walked
into a power rack and loaded a squat bar with 405lbs.  She eased
under the bar, and ripped off two sets of twelve reps.  She
upped the weight to 495lbs, and started again.  She slowly
squatted down, feeling the blodd flowing to her quads, hams, and
glutes.  When she reached the bottom, she powered up, flexing
her enormous legs and ass.  She repeated this for 8 more reps,
and then upped the weight to 550lbs.  Her legs were getting
seriously pumped, and she was beginning to feel the horniness
that always accompanied her workouts. She completed two more
sets, the last one at 630lbs, before moving to the leg curl
machine.

	She laid down on the bench, and hooked her legs around the
ankle pads.  She selected a weight of 100lbs, and began curling.
 With each rep, her hamstrings and glutes swelled larger and
larger, filling with blood.  Tarah's nipples were also engorged,
rubbing against the bench, making her pussy juice hotly.  She
completed three sets, and decided on calf raises next.

	The calf machine only held 500lbs, so Tarah had to do a few
extra sets to get fully pumped up.  Her bulging diamond-shaped
calves looked like they were going to burst through her skin. 
Tarah decided to do some posing next.

	   ***                     ***                     ***

	As luck would have it, she chose to pose in front of the back
wall mirrors.  Jerry was light-headed, totally disbelieving the
weights he saw her working with.  As she started posing, though,
such doubts were erased by the lust rippling through his now
fully erect cock.

	Jerry saw her stand, facing the mirrors.  She flexed her giant
legs, turning to admire them from every angle.  Jerry could see
her fat nipples bulging through her top, and was overcome with
the need to suck them until she came.  Her quads were truly
gigantic, each individual muscle visible, pumped with the effort
she put them through.  She turned and flexed her mighty
hamstrings, and Jerry felt the urge to jerk off.  He whipped out
his cock, and softly stroked until it grew to its mighty 12",
fully-erect length.  Tarah was flexing and releasing her Glutes,
and Jerry was imagining what it would be like to be in between
them, feeling them squeezing and milking his cock.

	***                     ***                     ***

	Tarah was admiring her phenominal body in the mirrors.  She
first hit a side chest pose, watching her pecs fill up, the
striations clearly visible.  Her cannonball shoulders flexed, as
did her football shaped arms.  The veins in her arms were
clearly visible, and Tarah could almost feel the blood pumping
through them, making her muscles swell and harden.  Her giant
legs flexed next, the muscle separations showing through her
paper-thin skin.  The enormous quads and hams flowing to her
huge, round, firm glutes.

	Next up was a front double biceps.  Tarah repeatedly flexed her
giant 18" arms, feeling them swell and pump with each flex.  She
popped her quads, watching them jump to attention at her
command.  Her abdominals were clearly visible through her
skin-tight bodysuit, and her wing-like lats were fully spread,
making her torso an enormous "V".

	Tarah was beginning to get VERY horny with all this posing. 
Her strawberry sized nipples were engorged with blood, and every
rub against her bodysuit sent electric ripples through her body.
 Every muscle was quaking, and Tarah knew she had to get some
relief.

	 ***                     ***                     ***     

	As the mystery woman sat down on a nearby bench, Jerry took a
chance.  He slipped out of the hidden room, and moved along the
wall outside of the gym.  He re-entered through the front door,
and hid behind a Universal machine.  He had a great view of her,
and he continued stroking his big fat dick as he watched her.

	Tarah slipped out of her bodysuit, and Jerry nearly came right
there.  Her body was glistening with a thin coating of sweat,
making her glow in the light of the gym.  Her muscles bulged and
rippled as she ran her hands over her giant breasts, tweaking
her shotglass-sized nipples.  She caressed her oak-tree legs,
moaning as her hands ran up and down the massive muscles there.

	She slipped a finger between her legs, and felt her throbbing
wetness.  Her fingers began working her giant clit, making her
shiver in ecstasy.  One hand was seriously working her nipples
while the other hand worked feverishly on her fat clit and
throbbing pussy.  She felt her lust swelling inside her as she
flexed her enormous muscles.  Her arms were inflated to football
size, and the thick veins running along them were pulsing with
blood.  Her cannonball shoulders were rolling back and forth, as
her pumped up pecs and lats squeezed and released.

	She was trembling now, her orgasm imminent.  Her hips were
pumping back and forth, and she reached out and grabbed the
weight holders on the side of the bench.  She pinched her clit,
and exploded.  Her mind reeled as spasm after spasm racked her
body, her juices spurting from her squeezing cunt. her hand
squeezed the weight stand, crushing it between her fingers.  Her
body racked with enormous squeezes, and she was groaning lustily.

	Finally, her orgasm subsided, and she floated back to reality. 
Jerry was moving around, trying to get a better view, when he
knocked over some weight plates.

	The resounding crash shattered the quiet of the gym, and
brought Tarah back to reality quickly.  She turned around and
saw Jerry there, looking a little scared.  When Tarah saw the
huge bulge in his pants and smiled, Jerry knew he was somewhat
OK.

	He nervously introduced himself, and Tarah, quickly re-clothing
herself, apologized for breaking in, and crushing some of his
equipment.  Jerry was understandably curious as to her size and
strength, but she was cautious, telling him only that she was
the "lab rat" for some Growth Hormone experiments.  Jerry said
emphatically that the results were a success, and Tarah laughed,
a light but hearty laugh.  Jerry was instantly in love with the
sparkle in her eyes, the brightness of her smile, and of course,
her luscious figure.

	Despite herself, Tarah found herself liking Jerry more and
more.  Once they got past the initial fear of each other, they
began talking about all sorts of things.  Tarah was not used to
her new body, and although she revelled in her newfound power
and size, she thought she might be a bit freaky.  That, she
explained to Jerry, was why she broke into the gym at night, so
she could avoid the gym crowd.  Jerry, however, convinced her
otherwise, and she agreed to come into the gym the next day, at
peak busy time.

	  ***                     ***                     ***

	That decided, Tarah had one more desire to take care of.  She
leaned forward and kissed Jerry on the lips, her silky tongue
sliding into his mouth.  He responded in kind, his hands gliding
over her massive body.  Tarah groaned, and began caressing his
cock, feeling it grow and grow under his sweats.  The electric
pinpricks of lust were firing all over Tarah's body, as Jerry's
free-roaming hands stimulated every square inch of her
tantalizing bod.

	Tarah stood, and sensually peeled her bodysuit off.  Jerry's
cock was throbbing mightily, as Tarah showed off her body to
him.  She flexed and pumped her arms, feeling her power flow
through them.  Pose after pose flowed through her body, showing
Jerry all of her massiveness.  Her body was on fire when she
took Jerry in her arms, and ripped off his clothes.  

	Now it was Jerry's turn to pose.  He showed Tarah his 20" arms,
his 34" thighs and 20" calves.  His fully pumped pecs were huge,
and his body was making Tarah extremely wet between her silky
thighs.  It was Jerry's massive 12" long cock, however that was
really getting Tarah's juices flowing.

	Jerry sat on the bench, and Tarah knelt before him, face to
face with his pulsing prick.  She slipped it inbetween her
gigantic tits, and began stroking softly.  Jerry was moaning in
delight, and Tarah flexed and released her enormous pecs,
varying the tightness around Jerry's cock.  Jerry's hips were
bucking reflexively, and Tarah knew he wouldn't be long.  She
bent forward and sucked his fat crown into her mouth.  That was
all it took, and Jerry pumped blast after blast of cream down
her throat.

	Now it was Jerry's turn.  Tarah sat on the bench, and he took
his place between her legs.  He stroked and squeezed her giant
titties, making Tarah groan in lust.  His mouth moved forward,
and he began sucking her shotglass nipples.  He alternated
pressure between her nipples, and soon Tarah was trembling
hotly.  He roamed is hands down her wide back, and over her
round hard ass cheeks.  He slipped a finger between her bucking
muscles, and kept pushing until he found her clutching anus. 
Tarah gasped, then shuddered as he worked his finger in and out
of her ass.  Her massive body shuddered, and she exploded. 
Spasm after luscious spasm racked her body as she came again and
again.  When she subsided, Jerry moved his head between her legs.

	He gasped in shock as he stared at her giant clit.  He wrapped
his lips around it and sucked lightly, making Tarah squeeze her
oak-tree thighs around his head.  She spread her legs and moaned
wantonly as Jerry expertly ate her pussy.  He plunged his tongue
deeply into her throbbing cunt, then licked her pulsing lips,
then returned his attention to her enormous clitty.  Tarah was
in orbit, lust firing through her body like lightning bolts,
blasting her higher and higher towards her quaking orgasm. 
Soon, Tarah's body rumbled, and she blasted off a huge orgasm. 
Jerry eagerly swallowed every drop of her bursting cunt juice,
and Tarah orgasmed again and again and again.

	Her quaking stopped after an eternity, and Jerry, his erection
renewed, slid up her body and plunged his 12" cock into her
still spasming cunt.  His cock slid easily into her well-lubed
cunt, and she squeezed her powerful pussy muscles, gripping him
tightly.  He started pumping slowly, lovingly.  Tarah's head was
rolled back, wave after wave of intense pleasure starting at her
grinding clit, and spreading warmly through her body.  Jerry too
was lost in the sensations Tarah provided him.  His cock was on
fire from her vibrating pussy.   Her strong hips pumping,
sucking, milking his big, fat cock.

	They climbed the ladder quickly, and orgasmed together. 
Tarah's eyes widened, and her pussy spasmed wildly around
Jerry's cock.  Jerry's cock was busy pumping jet after jet of
cum into Tarah's spasming snatch.  They wound down, and began
cuddling and kissing.

	 ***                     ***                     ***

	It was then that Tarah noticed something different.   She was
bigger!  She stood up, as did Jerry, and she realized she was as
tall as Jerry!  She practically ran to the scale at the end of
the gym, and weighed herself.  Two-hundred and seventy-five
pounds!  Tarah was dizzy with delight.  She flexed her now truly
enormous arms, and decided to take some measurements.  Her arms
were 20.5", her thighs were 36.5" columns, flowing into 24"
calves.  Her waist was only 27", and her huge hips were now
50.5" of full round hard muscle.

	She couldn't wait to show off to the gym!

==========================Tarah's Transformation, Part #3====================

	Tara was psyched.  Her 6'8" 275lb frame wriggled into a pair of
Jerry's bike shorts, and one of his tank tops. The shorts were a
little tight around her massive, pumping legs, and the top was
way too tight around her enormous breasts.  Her outfit followed
the sensual curves of her body perfectly, outlining every huge
peak and deep valley.  The power she emanated was enormous, and
Jerry was awed by the sight of her.

	They got into Jerry's car, and drove to the gym.  Tarah
imagined walking in, and the excitement caused her nipples to
pump even harder against her tank top.  Jerry and Tarah made
small talk, each a little nervous about their upcoming visit. 
Soon enough, they arrived, and ascended the stairs to the gym.

	When they entered the gym, everyone stopped and looked at them.
Tarah surveyed the room, seeing men and women staring wide-eyed
at her massive body.  She flexed and pumped her legs and arms,
causing a few whistles to sound in the room.  She and Jerry, all
eyes upon them, started a workout.

	Fist up, biceps.  Tarah took a long weight bar, and loaded it
up with 135 lbs.  She ripped off 12 reps, feeling her powerful
arms swell with the exertion, her veins popping up through her
skin.  She increased the weight to 165 lbs, and pumped another
12 reps.  Her massive arms were incredibly pumped, swollen to
enormous proportions.  Her veins, full of blood, pulsed visibly
under her skin.  She upped the weight to 200lbs, and again
ripped off 12 reps.  She was lightly sweating, and her arms were
as hard as steel.

	Next, triceps.  She walked over to the pressdown machine, and
selected the entire rack.  She eased into place and pumped off
12 slow reps.  Her hoseshoe-sized triceps throbbed mightily, and
she thrilled in the feel of her blood rushing to her arms.  She
stepped in, and ripped off another twelve reps.  By now, she was
sweating a bit more, and feeling massive.  Another twelve reps
followed, and Tarah headed for the mirrors.

	She strode up to a wall of mirrors, and hit a double biceps
shot.  The dude next to her groaned in amazement, and Tarah
smiled at him.  She hit a side chest shot, and saw the bulge in
his pants grow bigger.  Next, she slammed a back double biceps
shot, and the dude almost fainted.  Her swollen body rippled
with grace and power as she blasted off pose after pose.

	Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a woman approach.

	"So," the babe said. "You think you're hot shit?"

	Tarah was tempted to crush the babe between her thunderous
arms.  "Yeah," she replied. "I do."

	"Well," said the babe, "Just cause you're big, it don't mean
shit.  You have to be symmetrical and feminine too."  The babe
flexed a bicep, as if to emphasize her point.

	"OK," Tarah fumed. "If you think you're better, put your money
where your mouth is.  Let's pose down, and let the gym decide."

	"You got it!"

	They began posing, and instantly a crowd formed.  The babe
certainly was symmetrical and VERY feminine, but she was giving
up 7" and 50lbs to Tarah, and in a hardcore gym, size was all
that mattered.  The went through the standard BodyBuilding
poses: Side Chest (a few guys almost lost consciousness when
Tarah's enormous pecs pumped her tits up even more!), Front
Double Biceps (Tarah's 20+" arms floored everyone, even the
babe), Back Double Biceps (Tarah's back was almost TWICE the
with and thickness of the babe), Side Triceps (Tarah's literally
horeshoe-sized tri's blasted through her skin), and abdominals
(Tarah lifted her shirt to show off her fist-sized ab muscles,
and made them ripple hotly by swirling her hips in slow
circles.).

	Next up, they free posed.  The crowed cheered as they blasted
off pose after pose.  Tarah's body seemed to be growing with
every pose, pumping her muscles to dizzying heights.  She was
covered in sweat, and her tank top was soaked through to her
skin, making her huge nipples clearly visible.  She was getting
extremely horny, looking at her enormous, swollen, pumping
muscles.  The crowd declared Tarah the winner, and she and the
babe, who introduced herself as Lisa, hit the showers.

	Tarah stripped, and Lisa gasped.  Tarah looked over at Lisa, to
find she was naked, nipples erect, and blushing.  Tarah went
into the shower area, and beckoned for Lisa to follow.  Tarah
put the water on HOT, and dunked herself.  The hot water pouring
onto her body made her groan in ecstasy.  Lisa followed suit,
grinding against Tarah's huge ass muscles.  Tarah grabbed the
soap, and lathered her hands well.  She slid the soap over
Lisa's traps and delts, rubbing the full, round muscles there. 
Lisa's legs went limp, and Tarah caught her, holding her 225lb
frame in one hand.  

	Tarah massaged the soap into Lisa's eye-popping pecs, and flat,
washboard abs.  Lisa was flexing her big biceps, and Tarah
soaped them up too, marvelling in Lisa's hard, hot body.  Tarah
pulled and pinched Lisa's nipples, making Lisa tremble in
delight.  Lisa was totally in awe of Tarah's monstrous body,
willing to do anything to please Tarah ... And Tarah new it!

	Tarah rinsed Lisa off slowly, rubbing her hands all over Lisa's
muscular bod.  Tarah then lifted Lisa up, and crushed her body
against Lisa, pinning her to the wall, Lisa's feet a foot off
the floor.  

	Tarah slowly kissed and nibbled Lisa's big fat nipples.  Lisa's
hard legs were trembling, her pussy juicing hotly.  Tarah
reached behind Lisa, and squeezed her hard, round ass, still
keeping up the pressure on Lisa's nipples.  Lisa ran her hands
over Tarah's shotglass-sized nipples, pinching and stroking
their throbbing length.  Tarah sensed Lisa's orgasm was
imminent, and when she reached around and stroked Lisa'a clit,
Lisa exploded.  Her huge orgasm washed over her, and she spasmed
in orgasmic ecstasy again and again and again.

	Tarah released Lisa, and leaned against the wall, spreading her
legs wantonly.  Lisa moved forward, but Tarah pushed her head
away.  Lisa groaned when she saw Tarah's huge throbbing clitty,
and Tarah began stroking it lustfully.  Tarah's hands were busy,
one working her gigantic nipples, the other squishing around in
her cunt, rubbing her fat monster of a clit.  She was trembling,
her pumped up muscles bulging and flexing.  She grabbed Lisa's
head, and held it in place a foot from her clutching cunt.  Her
orgasm rocketed through her, and she blasted her cream into
Lisa's face time and again.  Lisa eagerly swallowed all of
Tarah's juice, and she crushed her face between Tarah's legs. 
Lisa swirled and sucked Tarah's clit, extending her orgasm into
another reality, spasming and clutching for an eternity.  Tarah
finally subsided, and the girls were greeted by quite a surprise.

	Standing there in the women's locker room was Jerry, with about
ten of the other "regulars" from the gym.  The were all naked,
stiff cocks in hand.  Tarah quickly surveyed the room, and was
stunned to see that not one of the dudes was under 12" of thick
pulsing cock!  She purred, and slowly strutted her way to the
center of the men, Lisa following right behind.

	Almost instantly, Tarah was sucking on a giant cock.  Her
smacking and slurping was echoing through the room, along with
his groaning.  She felt hands roaming her giant tits, her hard
ass, and her juicing cunt.  She was awash in lust, feeling the
waves break harder and harder through her body.  The cock in her
mouth throbbed once, and spewed a huge load of cream down her
throat. Tarah greedily swallowed all of it, and quickly moved to
another cock.  Soon she was sucking, fucking, and tit-fucking a
seemingly endless parade of gigantic cocks.

	About five hours later, Tarah was the only one left who wasn't
asleep.  She fingered herself to a shattering climax, then she
too fell asleep.

	***                     ***                     ***

	When Tarah awoke, she realized she was alone in the Locker
Room.  There as a note taped to the bench she was laying on, and
she proceeded to read it, recognizing Jerry's handwriting.

	He said that all the dudes had gone home, and so did he.  The
gym was all locked up, so she didn't have to worry.  He said
that she was sleeping so deeply that he couldn't wake her, and
he certainly couldn't carry her, so he decided to leave her
there.  Tarah smiled.  Yes, he certainly couldn't carry her.

	Tarah stood up quickly, and whacked her head on the ceiling
fan.  At first, she was dazed, then, as she looked around,
realized something weird was going on.  As she walked out of the
locker room, she whacked her head on the top of the door frame. 
She staggered back, and realized that the top of the door frame
was at eye level!  She quickly looked in the mirrors against the
far wall.

	Tarah almost fainted.  She was HUGE!  She was not only too
tall, but also too wide to fit through the locker room door. 
She went through sideways, ducking, and squeezing in her chest,
so she could go through the door.       She went to the height chart,
and was stunned to see that she was now 7', 4" tall!  She
weighed herself in at 365lbs of pure muscle.  Her arms measured
25", her thighs 45 1/4", her calves 27", her waist 30", and her
hips 59 1/2".  As she flexed in front of the mirror, Tarah knew
she HAD to go see Dr. Tomission.

	 ***                     ***                     ***

	She got Jerry at home (after splashing cold water on his face
to bring him back to reality, and squeezing into some of Jerry's oversized 
sweats), jumped into his Corvette, and sped to the Doctor's office.  
The doc was floored when he saw how enormous Tarah had grown.  
She explained to him that it was sex that was making her grow.  Every 
time she had sex, she got taller, fuller, more muscular.  

	The doc prepared a special injection, and shot it into Tarah. 
It was a special enzyme solution that would prevent Tarah from
growing any more.  He also prepared a drink for Jerry.

	Jerry declined, much to the surprise of Tarah and the doc.  He
said that he never felt less manly when compared to Tarah.  He
thought her hugeness was incredibly sexy, and he didn't feel
that her awesome, thundering size made him any less of a man. 
As he liked to say, there will always be someone bigger, faster,
and stronger.  

	The doc was about to pour out the potion when Karen walked in. 
She quickly grabbed the drink, and swallowed it heartily.  The
doc was a bit surprised, but he stood back to watch the
fireworks.

	Karen quickly grew taller.  Her floor-length skirt rode up on
her lengthened legs as she heightened considerably.  Next, her
skirt started bulging at the seams as her muscles filled in. 
She flexed her thighs repeatedly, pumping them up bigger and
bigger.  The thick cords of muscle in her legs swelled to
amazing proportions, bursting through her skirt as if it were
made of paper.  Her ass and calves had also swelled to
monumental proportions, curvy and hard.

	With a single flex of her enormous pecs and biceps, Karen
shredded her shirt and bra.  Her fat, round tits jiggled on her
giganic chest muscles.  Still she grew bigger.  Her arms were
grapefruit sized, and her veins were becoming clearly visible.

	When she was finished, Karen was 6'1", 240lbs of solid muscle. 
She flexed her mighty muscles, popping some poses in the mirror.
 She noticed the bulge in Jerry's pants, and hungrily ripped
them off his legs.  As she greedily slurped Jerry cock into her
mouth, Tarah stepped outside.

	The bright sun warmed her body as she stepped out of the
clinic.  It was set in a beautiful wooded park, and Tarah
decided to take a walk.  Her awesome body left a huge shadow on
the ground, and Tarah could not help but be thrilled at the
sight.

	She was also a bit scared.  Some force had given her a
phenominal body, and ever-increasing strength (She guessed that
she could easily bench-press a small car for reps!), and she
felt like she had to give something back.  Awesome power brings
awesome responsibility.  Flexing her mighty arms, she thought
about the future.
