                        A Matter of Taste
                         An Erotic Story

     "Mmmmmm, that's good," I thought; licking my lips, at the 
same time my right hand twisted my clit, while my other one was 
two fingers deep in my hot little hole.  I had my legs spread, 
and both hands in my crotch, while I worked myself up to the 
orgasm I had been building for all day long.  Beside me Laura 
slept the sleep of the completely satisfied; not even aware of 
her older sister's rising orgasm.  Not that she would have cared 
if she had been awake . . . watching doesn't turn my little 
sister on, like it does me.  I licked my lips again; savoring the 
memories of the day (and other things) that had gotten me so 
stimulated that for the first time in a week I had to masturbate.

     It all started this morning, when Mother was making 
breakfast . . . .
     "Marie, could you go down and check on Mike and Toni?" she 
asked.  "Don't disturb them if they're busy," she instructed me.  
"Just wait until they're done and make sure they do a good job 
before you interrupt them.  Then let them both know that 
breakfast is ready as soon as they finish."  Mother didn't even 
offer to serve me breakfast first.  She, like all the rest of the 
family, knows full well my "taste" in such things, and that I 
wouldn't be able to eat while thinking about what my two older 
siblings were doing.  As I said, my mother knows me very well.
     I grinned at her, almost snickering internally at the 
outrageous pun, while I followed my mother's instructions and 
headed down to "check up on" whatever obscene things were going 
on in the bedroom my big sister shared with our big brother.  
"Mother really IS a kinky bitch," I thought with another internal 
grin.  Of course, being "kinky" ran in the family . . . As I 
should well know.
     Well, it wasn't as kinky as it sometimes was, but it was 
still quite sexy.  I got to my brother and sister's bedroom just 
in time to see Toni fit our big brother's swollen penis in her 
crack, before sliding down until almost every inch had vanished 
into her body.  They both must have known I was coming to watch, 
because Mike was sitting on the edge of the bed, facing the door, 
while Toni sat on his lap with legs spread in my direction, so I 
could see every detail of their obscene coupling.  As I mentioned 
earlier, my whole family knows my taste in sex, and tries to see 
that I'm not left out; even though I don't get turned on by the 
same things that they do.  Once again, I almost giggled at the 
unintentional pun.  The "action" going on between my big sister's 
legs were too interesting though, for me to spend much time in 
mirth.  If I got carried away, I might miss the best part.
     Mike and Toni must have been going at it for some time 
before I came in, as his prick was white and shiny with slippery 
stuff, while my big sister's crotch was dripping.  No wonder she 
hadn't had to get him excited before sliding down on him like 
that,  I figured my brother and sister must have been fucking 
around for over half an hour; probably just waiting for me to 
arrive to watch their climax.  I guess the thought of my older 
brother blowing his seed in his own sister's unprotected womb, 


                                1


while their little sister watched him do it, was almost as an 
erotic idea to my two older siblings as it was to me.  For sure 
it didn't take the two incestuous lovers more than a minute or 
two to cum, once I got settled on the floor in front of them, 
with my face almost between their legs, so I could get a good 
closeup view of their coupling.  Talk about the best seat in the 
house!  Of course, my big sister would argue that; pointing out 
that HER position, with her "sitting" on our big brother's prick 
like that, was the, "best seat in the house."  It was all I could 
do to keep from gasping with laughter at the very thought; thus 
missing the most interesting part.  My big sister is just as 
kinky in her own way as I am.  (Some people would say she's even 
kinkier; fucking her own big brother like that, without taking 
precautions.)  Of course, our whole family is kinky.  We just 
have different kinks to get us off.
     As I said, it didn't take long after I got settled in front 
of them before Mike was gasping, "Oh Sis, I'm gonna' . . . .," 
while jamming his prick into Toni's belly with sharp insistent 
jabs.  I knew it wouldn't be long before my big brother's sperm 
was decorating the inside of our sister's womb, and the thought 
almost had me gasping with excitement. My breath whistled through 
my teeth; and I had my legs jammed together to suppress the 
rising itch in my crotch, before I found myself reaching down in 
my panties and fingering myself as I watched.  (Not that either 
of them would have minded if I did . . . It's just that it would 
have been too distracting to cum myself . . . Heck, I might miss 
it when Mike came in Toni; and I didn't get to watch them often 
enough to want to miss it even once.)
     My big sister seemed to be as excited about feeling our big 
brother cum inside her as either Mike or I was.  "Do it . . . Do 
it, do it," she half-groaned; while her motions grew almost 
frantic on top of him; until one of her wilder gyrations almost 
pulled him out.  Somehow Toni managed to slow down enough to keep 
from losing him, while our brother's motions became even more 
violent, if possible.  "Oh God . . . ." he groaned; and I knew my 
big brother had lost it.
     So did my big sister; as the jerking inside her belly must 
have been unmistakable.  Toni pulled up for a second, until only 
the head of Mike's prick was inside her, so for almost a second I 
could see the bulges running up our big brother's prick, as 
ripples running through the tube on the bottom showed the older 
boy was actually cumming inside my big sister, and not faking it.  
The very idea of my big brother ejaculating his sperm in my 
sister was so erotic I almost came myself; fighting down the urge 
to climax, by squeezing my legs together.
     Once Toni was sure I had seen enough to satisfy ME, she 
dropped down so that Mike's prick was completely sheathed in her 
tight slot, and the following bulges in the tiny bit of brotherly 
prick remaining outside just told me the older boy was squirting 
his sperm as far up in my big sister's belly as either of them 
could get it to go.
     By this time my face was pressed so close to my big sister's 
crotch; that I could see, smell, and almost taste each incestuous 
bulge as yet another thick wad of cum rippled through my 
brother's prick and into my big sister's welcoming womb.  God, it 


                                2


was so exciting to see that.  (Not to mention the SMELL alone, 
was almost enough to make me cum in my shorts.  The temptation to 
stick out my tongue and taste the delicious meringue making a 
mess of the juncture of my older siblings bodies was almost 
overwhelming.  The smell, look, and feel of hot sweaty bodies 
mixed with sex and even the delicious smell of cum almost made me 
feel I could taste it without even sticking out my tongue.  
Still, I knew better than to touch either of them without being 
invited.  Our parents had made it abundantly clear that none of 
us were to ever touch another family member in a sexual way, 
unless that other person made it abundantly clear (in advance!) 
that such touching would not only be tolerated, but welcomed.  
Dad and Mother weren't going to let any of us rape any of the 
others; or even let any of us take advantage of someone else's 
weaknesses.  That's how I had managed to remain a virgin, even 
with all of the rest of the family having an almost continual 
orgy around me.  Neither Dad nor Mike were about to try having 
sex with me, unless I approached them first . . . which from the 
look of things, would be a long time.  While I like sex well 
enough, my "tastes" are completely different from the rest of the 
family.  And I knew my big sister would NOT like to be disturbed 
by feeling a tongue on her sensitive areas, while she was 
enjoying the final satisfying twinges of pleasure from having her 
pussy pumped full of our big brother's seed.
     It was this mutual trust . . . Her that I wouldn't touch her 
when she wasn't ready, and me trusting them to not try and force 
me to join them, that allowed us to do this; with me almost 
having my face buried in my sister's crotch; enjoying the 
vicarious pleasures of watching my older siblings mate like two 
minks, while my big brother and sister "got off" on knowing that 
their little sister got a kick out of seeing them do it.  If we 
hadn't trusted each other to not touch, then we wouldn't have 
been able to do it.
     "Thank's, Big Brother," said Toni; as I watched a last 
shudder of pleasure ripple through her body.  Mike didn't answer 
in words; just hugging her close while the last sticky drops of 
sperm oozed out of his prick and into my big sister's body.  I 
knew that while Mike was too exhausted from that climax to say 
anything, from the heavy whistling of his breath, I also knew 
that he was just as grateful to my big sister for what she had 
done for him, as she was for what he did for her.  He had made it 
abundantly clear in the past.
     Lori gave one last satisfied shudder; then reached down and 
patted the back of my head; pulling my face into her crotch; so 
my nose was almost sticking into the gap around our big brother's 
cock at the top of her vagina.
     Thus given permission, I reached out with my tongue and 
lapped at the tasty juncture of sibling sex.  The smell, look, 
feel, (and especially taste!) of my big sister's spendings, mixed 
with the slightly sharper and sweeter tastes of pre-cum left on 
her matted hair was exquisite.  My mind almost blew away at the 
delicious flavor of my brother and sister combined; even though I 
didn't get even a taste of the stuff I like most; as my brother 
had left every drop of cum inside Toni's belly where it belonged, 
instead of wasting it on the outside.  <Sigh.>  Oh well . . . 


                                3


perhaps some other time.
     After I had licked them both clean (as much as I could with 
them still joined together like that) I pulled back and sat on my 
haunches.  I knew better to overdo my welcome; and while my big 
sister had enjoyed the feel of me cleaning her up; lesbian 
tendencies just weren't in her book of pleasures.
     If I got too eager, she might not let me do it again next 
time.  (Not that I'm a lesbian either; being fully as 
heterosexual as everybody else in the family.  It's just that MY 
pleasures are different from theirs, in a different manner than 
that.  You might say I have different tastes, than they do.  
(Damnit!  There I go again.  <Giggle.>)
     I watched as Toni and Mike rolled back on the bed, still 
together; while they enjoyed the final twinges of being mated.  
Then, almost with regret it seemed, they finally pulled apart.
     While I had done a pretty good job of getting them clean 
when they were stuck together, Mike's prick STILL looked a smeary 
mess when they pulled apart.  Toni's tight little cunny though 
had only a tiny white seepage to show that her own big brother's 
incestuous sperm was even then wriggling up inside her womb; 
looking for an egg to fertilize.  My big sister is so tight 
inside, that rarely does much more than a drop escape; and even 
though my big brother has been spasming her belly full of 
incestuous cum for over three years now, she's never caught.  I 
know neither one is using any precautions or even seem to care if 
she gets pregnant or not.  If she does, she does, and neither of 
my two older siblings or even our parents seem to be worried 
about it.  I guess they figure they'll worry about that, if and 
when Toni's pants start to get tight.  Doesn't that almost blow 
you away?  I know it does ME.  Even my little sister seems to be 
turned-on by the idea of our older siblings mating like that.  
But I'll get to HER later.
     Toni looked at the tasty sausage dangling between our big 
brother's legs; and with an apologetic look at me, she bent over 
and sucked the half-erect member into her mouth' stripping the 
delicious juices from the outside, and enjoying the sweeter taste 
of the white dribble oozing from the tip.  Our big brother's 
prick stayed half-erect at this stimulation; but he didn't get 
another full-sized hardon.  I guess he couldn't.
     Only when she had cleaned up almost every drop, did my 
sister remember me.  While Toni isn't as orally-fixated as I am, 
she DOES like the flavor of her pussy on our big brother's 
prick . . . yes, and even his cum too.
     "Want a taste?" She asked apologetically; reaching down to 
Mike's balls, and stripping one last thick drop out of his prick, 
so it made a tiny puddle oozing from the tip.  I could see a 
white streak on my big sister's tongue, so I knew she had tasted 
Mike herself.
     Even with my disappointment, I couldn't blame my sister for 
getting a good taste of our big brother's cum, before offering 
any to me.  I mean, I KNEW just how good it tasted; just as much 
as my big sister knew how much I liked the taste, so she didn't 
"hog" it all to herself.
     I nodded; grateful that I even got a taste.  After all, my 
older siblings didn't HAVE to invite me to watch their sex-


                                4


play . . . and they certainly didn't have to let me taste either 
of them afterwards.  I was lucky to be allowed to watch; as most 
12-year-old girls aren't even allowed to do that!
     "Mmmmmm."   My mind STILL tingles at the delicious taste of 
my big brother's seed oozing against my tongue.  I swirled it 
around in my mouth; trying to coat every inch without swallowing, 
so I could enjoy the taste as long as possible.
     Sadly, there was only a tiny drop; as my big brother must 
have left most of his sperm inside my big sister's body where he 
had been trying so frantically to plant it.  I guess my loss, was 
my big sister's gain.  Still, I was grateful to both of them for 
letting me have even this little bit.  They COULD have just 
chased me out, once they had cum and I had completed my mother's 
instructions to, "Check on Mike and Toni; and let them both know 
breakfast is ready when they're done."
     I savored the flavor of my big brother's cum, while I 
repeated our mother's instructions.  For all the time it takes to 
describe, it had only been a little over five minutes since I 
came in to "check on" my two older siblings.
     I was still licking my lips when I arrived at the table.  
After that delicious appetizer, I was ravenously hungry.
     Mother just grinned as she slid a big platter of ham, eggs, 
and toast in front of me.  She knows how hungry the sight, sound, 
smell, (and taste!) of seeing my brother and sister fucking makes 
me.
     Even though it was probably gone with the first bite, I 
still imagined the taste of my own big brother's cum was 
flavoring every bite.  God, what a delicious thought . . . Having 
your own brother's cum flavoring your breakfast like that.  I 
shuddered almost in orgasm at the very thought; and resolved to 
ask Mike (or Dad and Mother) if one of them could jack-off on my 
breakfast some morning, just so I could see what it tasted like.  
Even though the rest of the family thinks I'm kinky, and don't 
really get as turned on as I do by things like that, they still 
like to see me "get my jollies off" too.  So if I asked, I knew 
that eventually one (or delicious thought) or possibly even both 
of my male relatives would do it.  Lord knows, even with four 
horny females in the house, (well, possibly only three, if you 
don't count me) both Mike and Dad STILL "whacked off" on a semi-
regular basis.  Doing it over their little sister's (or 
daughter's) breakfast wouldn't be all that hard for studs like 
them.  Who knows?  They might even get off on it themselves.
     I resolved to ask, at the earliest opportunity.
     "Well?" asked my mother; interrupting my train of thought.  
"Did they do a good job?"
     I thought of the way Mike had looked while spasming my big 
sister's belly with cum.  His face had been almost 
expressionless; but you could tell he was practically in heaven.  
Even though only a tiny drop leaked out later, I figured my big 
brother had left enough sperm in our sister's womb to make Lori 
be having her big brother's babies for the next five years . . . 
if she was in a condition to "catch" which I figured she was.  
And remembering the way my older sister's belly had fluttered in 
cramps around her big brother's prick; I knew the older girl had 
enjoyed it almost as much (if not more) as my big brother had.  


                                5


Yes . . . I guess you could say they had done a "good job."
     "Yes," I said; remembering the frantic coupling, "they did a 
good job.  From the look of them when he was cumming, you would 
almost swear Mike was pumping at least a quart of baby-juice in 
Toni's belly."  I giggled at the thought of my big sister's belly 
being swollen with that much cum being pumped inside her; then 
almost cramped at the devastatingly horny thought of that much 
cum pumping out of my big brother's prick for me to drink.  The 
thought of a whole Mason Jar filled with white slippery goo; just 
waiting there for ME to drink up every drop, was so erotic I 
almost doubled over in unexpected orgasm.  Damn!  That was twice 
in one day I almost came without even being touched; just at the 
thought of what my big sister and brother were doing.
     "Yes," I said; repeating myself, "I'd say they must have 
done a VERY good job."
     Mother looked at me for a moment; probably wondering what I 
was thinking; as I shivered and shuddered in the memory of just 
how good a job my brother had done on our sister.  "You know, you 
don't HAVE to watch them, if you don't want to." she said.
     "No Mother," I answered; shivering at the delicious memory.  
"It's I LIKE to watch them get it on.   It's just that it gets me 
so . . . so . . ."
     ". . . Frustrated? . . . Horny?" she asked; completing my 
thought.  "Um.  Maybe we'll have to do something about that," she 
said; looking at me with some concern.  "I'll talk to your 
father, and maybe we'll see if we can't arrange for something 
tonight . . . OK?"  She looked at me questioningly.
     The smile I sent Mother would have made a car headlight look 
dim.  Damn, I had never expected this!  Usually Mother was as 
protective of HER few chances with Dad (considering my little 
sister) that she wouldn't even suggest such a thing.  Still, my 
mother seemed to appreciate (to a small extent at least) that 
vaginal, cock-in-cunt sex was not the ONLY way for people to get 
off.  Maybe the most important to her and the rest of the family; 
but not the only way.  Even though it seemed like a "waste" to 
her, Mother still appreciated that the way I got pleasure from 
sex was NOT the way she and my two sisters did.
     "Thanks Mom," I almost squealed with glee; using my old 
"baby" name for Mother.
     "Well, don't get TOO excited," she reminded me.  "I still 
have to clear this with your father, you know."  I wasn't 
worried.  Dad hadn't once turned down ANY of us girls when we 
approached him for sex of any kind.  Even when Laura wanted him 
to take her cherry, two weeks after she had her first period, Dad 
hadn't refused her . . . once he had warned the 8-year-old what 
might happen (this was two years ago).  While they hadn't exactly 
been "fucking like bunnies" ever since, my little sister HAD 
almost taken over for Mother in their bedroom at night.  Since 
mother wasn't nearly as oversexed as the rest of the family, 
wanting it only two or three times a week, this wasn't as bad for 
her as it sounds.  Mother had actually enjoyed the fact that 
Laura could "take over" every morning, and almost every other 
night; so Dad didn't have to miss out on "real sex" when she 
didn't feel like it.  Previous to that, Mother had been "letting" 
Dad "use" her body to jack-off into, on the days when she wasn't 


                                6


horny herself.  To have her horny 8, 9, and now 10 year old 
daughter be "willing" to relieve her father's urges, had been a 
relief for both of them.  Still, Mother usually jealously guarded 
HER scheduled times with Dad.  After all, she DID get horny 
sometimes herself.  Especially with three horny teenagers putting 
on a porno-show in the house almost every day.
     On the other hand, Mother knew that I could get almost as 
horny as my two sisters, and wasn't about to see me neglected 
either.  After some discussion, Mother told me that while she was 
willing to give up "her turn" with Dad, so I could get some 
relief, I was going to have to make some negotiations with my two 
sisters for a more permanent solution.  It wasn't fair that they 
got all the sex from the men in the house, and I didn't get 
any . . . Even if both men DID prefer the same kind of sex as my 
two sisters did.  I was almost shivering in happiness at the 
thought that I would probably not only get my father that night, 
but had the prospect of getting at least SOME relief on a more 
constant basis.

     Well, that was that morning and breakfast.
     Now you get SOME idea of why I was lying there in bed, 
twisting my clit and licking my lips at the memory of what 
happened earlier.  Only that was just the beginning.

     It was about an hour after lunch when I came dashing into 
the house; having to pee so bad it felt like my teeth were 
floating.  It's too bad I couldn't have come in earlier, as I 
understand the squeaking noises of the bed in the room I share 
with Laura had sent most of the family looking for a spare 
bedroom themselves.  Only it's usually more fun to wait until 
whoever-it-is finishes, so you get all the stimulation from 
hearing THEM go at it, before starting your own song of love, and 
possibly disturbing the other "team."
     With that in mind, you can understand why not 30 seconds 
after I settled on the can and was starting to leg go with a big 
healthy blast into the bowl, a rhythmic squeaking started up just 
down the hall, at almost the same moment my little sister came 
dashing into the bathroom with her hand cupped over her sex; 
trying desperately to keep from leaking all over the floor.
     "Oh shit," she said; glaring at me just as my bladder burst 
into full stream.  Dad has said several times that he should fix 
up that "rough-in" for a bathroom in the basement into the real 
thing . . . or at least install a stool down there.  Only he 
never has.  This situation was just the sort of argument for 
finally getting Dad to do it . . . or maybe not.
     "Can't you get up?" asked Laura; now using both hands to 
desperately keep from leaking on the mat.  The blast of pee 
hitting the bowl answered for me that if I got up, I'd be making 
a bigger mess than she would.  Suddenly an evil grin spread 
across my little sister's face, as she remembered something.
     "Hey," she said; removing her cupped hand from under her 
leaking sex, "that's right.  YOU like this stuff, don't you?"  
Here the little girl pushed her smeary messy crotch at me 
suggestively.
     If you think I turned down an invitations like that, you 


                                7


don't know me very well.
     Pulling my little sister closer, I stuck my tongue out and 
lapped up the lowermost dribble running down her leg.  God, did 
that taste good!  Something about my little sister's juices mixed 
with the deliciously sharp/sweet flavor of male cum made a 
cocktail that was indescribably delicious.  After I cleaned up 
the more obvious drools so she didn't make a mess, I delved 
deeper with my tongue and was rewarded by an almost pure thick 
gob of sperm from my little sister's leaking hole.
     "Oh.  You like that, don't you?  You nasty little slut," 
groaned Laura; now pushing harder into my face; and almost 
pushing my nose into her clit.  "Eat it all out, you cunt-licking 
whore."  Laura's voice grew nastier and nastier, as her 
excitement grew.  Previously my little sister had never let me 
touch her sex with my mouth; insisting that it was something only 
queers did.  Laura is definitely not a lesbian . . . but then, 
neither am I.  I just like to get my cum from wherever I can; and 
if it's from inside one of my sisters' vaginas, then so what?  
Cum is cum, no matter whether it comes 'straight from the tap" or 
from where the man squirted it.  Heck, I'd probably be willing to 
suck my big brother's cum out of my little sister's asshole, if 
he ever squirted it there.  Of course my sister would never go 
for that.  Neither being fucked in the behind, or worse yet being 
eaten there appeals to Laura; though I'm not so sure what Toni 
would think of the idea.
     By this time, Laura was really getting into it; pushing her 
crotch in my face, while calling me, "Lezzie trash, cum-slurping 
whore.  Suck your brother's nasty old scum out of your little 
sister's smelly gash.  Come on, Sis, show me just what kind of 
lesbian gutter-whore you are, by cleaning all that nasty goo 
right out of me."  Even trying, my little sister's innocence 
showed through; as she couldn't quite make her nasty slurs sound 
as bad as she wanted them to.  For all of her accusing me of 
being a lesbian and normally being supposedly turned-off by 
things like I was doing, I could tell that Laura not only loved 
me, but was starting to actually LIKE feeling me cleaning her 
out.  That's why I didn't stop once I got the last delicious drop 
of family seed I could with my tongue; but continued licking and 
probing with my tongue, while the little girl's body shook, and I 
found even more mess to clean up.  only this was clear and runny, 
not white and sticky.  Laura's voice became ragged, as her voice 
became more and more potty-mouth.  "Shit, cunt, mother-fucker, 
don't stop," she almost groaned; while at the same time almost 
drowning me with her secretions.  By now I almost couldn't taste 
the cloying flavor of male cum I liked so much; but I wasn't 
about to stop until my sister wanted me to.  You see, there's 
what they call the old "blowjob principle."  If somebody give you 
a blowjob (or head of any kind) then you want to let them know 
you're grateful; so they'll be inclined to give you another one 
next time.  I wanted Laura to know I was VERY grateful for giving 
me what I wanted; and if the way to show her was by getting her 
off, then I wasn't going to stint on the job.  I wanted to get my 
little sister in the habit of coming to me to "clean her out" 
whenever she "got dirty".  Maybe THIS way, I could get what I 
wanted without cutting into EITHER of my two sisters' sex-lives.


                                8


     I wasn't really thinking this consciously, but I knew I DID 
want to make my little sister feel good, after giving me what I 
had been craving all morning.
     Laura finally stopped shuddering; and once she did I stopped 
my frantic licking; just slowly running my tongue in and out of 
her hole until she seemed to get enough.  "Oooh, that was good," 
she admitted.  Then, with that same evil smile, but this time a 
twinkle in her eyes to accompany it, Laura held out her hand to 
me.  "Here, you cum-sucking gutter-whore," she said; displaying 
where a thick drool of liquid had puddled in her hand while she 
made that earlier dash to the bathroom, "clean me up.  And don't 
you dare miss a drop either, slut."
     "Mmmmmmmm."  Now THIS was payment I could appreciate for 
eating my little sister out.  While I'm not a lesbian, I'd gladly 
eat the little girl out two or even three times a day, for treats 
like this.  Dutifully I cleaned up every drop of delicious seed, 
and looked hungrily for more.  The cloyingly sweet taste of 
genuine male cum helped cover up the runny, almost tastelessly 
bland flavor of little girl.  While eating my sister wasn't bad, 
and I could see why SOME people actually like to eat little girls 
out, it wasn't for me.  I guess it's an acquired taste, like 
mine.  I like the "real thing" like I just had cleaned off my 
little sister's hand, and earlier out of her body.  "Michael's" I 
asked interestedly, now that I had finished cleaning up every 
drop I could find.  I couldn't be sure, because my sister's smell 
and taste had covered up the subtle differences between his 
taste, and that of our father.  Besides, I knew that Laura and 
Mike quite often liked to "knock off a piece" in the afternoons. 
when their normal partners were otherwise occupied.
     "No, Dad's," giggled Laura; giving me another treat by 
holding out her left hand.  There splattered on IT, were almost 
as much cum as she had on the right one.  Dad must have cum in 
buckets in the little girl for her to leak that much.  Turned-on 
by the thought that I was licking up my own father's sperm . . . 
the same sperm he had squirted in his own daughter's fertile 
young belly, I almost shuddered in release myself as I cleaned 
her off.  Afterwards, enjoying the sticky-sweet taste of my own 
father's seed in my mouth, and rolling it around on my tongue, 
the shudders suddenly became harder and harder, and I found I WAS 
coming, right there on the toilet, while my little sister hugged 
and comforted me . . . no longer the nasty little girl being mean 
to her sister, but the loving little girl who really cared for 
her big sister.  "Go on, do it," she encouraged me; actually 
urging my mouth to her titties which I sucked in unconscious 
activity.  "Suck Momma's titties . . . Cum on . . . Get it all 
out . . . Cum . . . Cum . . . Cum for your little sister.  Eat 
Daddy's cum, and have a nice big cum yourself."  I suddenly found 
myself face-to-face with my little sister; involved in a crushing 
kiss like I never had with anybody else. I don't know who started 
it, or who pushed, but both of us gave as good as we got; dueling 
tongues, and mashing our faces together so hard they almost 
bruised.  As I said, I'm no lesbian, and even my little sister 
isn't going to make me one.  (And Laura's even more a confirmed 
heterosexual than I am.)  Still, that kiss and cum made me see 
why some women would turn to other women . . . if there weren't 


                                9


any decent men around like my father or big brother, anyway.  If 
I ever find a man like either one, I'm going to marry him, if I 
have to kill both of my sisters to do it.  Of course, I know both 
of them feel the same way.
     Once MY shudders had died down, the way hers had earlier, we 
both pulled away and looked at each other.  Experiences like 
THAT, you don't get every day.  "Well," said my little sister; 
circling her toe on the bathroom mat like an embarrassed little 
boy.
     "Well," I repeated; almost as embarrassed myself.  I mean, a 
girl just isn't supposed to do things like that with her little 
sister.  Of course, girls aren't "supposed" to do all the things 
us girls did with our father and brother, either.  "Well," I 
repeated; with more strength now as I recovered my breath, "we'll 
have to try that again some day, won't we?"
     Laura actually blushed; circling her toe even harder.  At 
least she didn't seem to be mad at me for "coming on" to her like 
that . . . of course, she HAD started it.
     "Um . . . Yes . . . we will, won't we?" she said; blushing 
even harder.  "Uh, How about tomorrow afternoon?  Does that sound 
fine to you?"  Laura ducked her head in little-girl 
embarrassment.  If I turned her down . . . .
     I had no intention of turning her down.  "Sounds fine to 
me," I said; reaching for the paper to wipe up with.  I had 
almost forgotten my original purpose in the bathroom.  "Same time 
tomorrow, same channel?" I asked.
     Laura grinned at me.  Grins like that could win awards; and 
she knew it.  "Same time, same station," she agreed.  "And 
Marie?"
     "Um?" I grinned back at her, while I flushed the toilet.
     "I'm sorry I called you those nasty names."
     I grinned down at my little sister.  "Laura," I said, 
"anytime you do THAT, you can call me all the nasty names you 
want to.  I know you love me, and I love you too.  You can call 
me all the nasty names you want to . . . OK?"
     "You really MEAN that?" she asked.  "You're NOT mad about 
it?  I really CAN?  You DO?"
     As the last statement settled in, I saw my little sister's 
face pucker up for a moment as if she was going to cry . . . and 
then I suddenly found myself in an embrace from the little girl 
like I hadn't had from her since she was seven, and was giving 
all her relatives big hugs.
     Suddenly I found the two of us embracing, me in my shorts 
and halter, Laura still stark-naked; hugging and holding each 
other while she actually cried on shoulder.  "Oh Marie," she 
finally sniffled as she pulled away, "I've MISSED you so bad."
     Missed me?  I looked at my little sister in wonderment.  
Whatever could she mean?
     "I mean, I've missed holding you, and hugging you, and 
cuddling with you, like we used to," she explained; wiping a tear 
from her eye.
     "Then why did you stop?" I asked.  It certainly hadn't been 
ME who stopped hugging and cuddling.  It seemed that just one day 
Laura had stopped; and from then on hadn't even wanted to snuggle 
up spoon-fashion in bed like we used to.  It had confused me for 


                                10


a while when Laura had pointedly turned her back on me while in 
bed; but I wasn't one to force intimacy when none was offered.  
Nobody in our house is.
     "I thought I was getting too big for such things," she 
explained.  "And besides, that's when I first learned about women 
who . . . who DO things with other women, and I didn't want to be 
a lesbian."
     "Oh Sis," I sighed; exasperated at the kind of world that 
would make the innocent snuggling of a little girl with her big 
sister into the obscene coupling of two horny dykes.  "You're 
NEVER too old to hug someone you love," I explained; holding out 
my arms for the little girl to snuggle into a little more 
comfortably this time, "and nobody is going to force you into 
being a lesbian, if you don't want to.  If You don't want to 
snuggle up to me at night, then you don't have to.  But I'm not 
going to molest you in your sleep if you do, either.  Have I EVER 
approached you for sex?" I asked.
     "Well, no but . . ." I could tell Laura was thinking about 
that incredible scene we had in the bathroom, from her glance in 
that direction.  ". . . but what if I told you I WANTED you to 
'approach' me?" she asked.
     "Then I would think about it, and let you know," I replied.  
"Even if I turned you down, I wouldn't be mad at you, or want to 
stop snuggling with you."
     "Oh," said Laura; snuggling even closer.  By now we were 
sitting on our bed, her almost in my lap, while we talked and 
enjoyed being close in a way we hadn't been for over two years.  
"Uh . . . Marie?"
     "Yes?"  I nuzzled my little sister's hair; enjoying the 
smell like I hadn't done in far too long.
     "I'm asking."  Oh shit.  Damnit!  I WAS a heterosexual, and 
determined to stay one.  Only I suddenly remembered something 
from my mother's lessons.  Neither men NOR women were really 
"gay", "bi", or "het".  All humans were sexual creatures, and the 
urge to have sex was strong . . . even with members of your own 
sex, and yes even your own family members.  There was nothing 
intrinsically wrong with such urges or feelings.  There were only 
problems when people tried to control others in how they related 
sexually.  That's why it was usually so bad to have parents 
having sex with their children, as what son or daughter could 
refuse to have sex with his or her parent, if he or she knew the 
older partner wanted it?  On the other hand, she had explained 
that my big sister and brother climbing in bed with each other 
was NOT the same thing; even though society called both "incest" 
and condemned it.  If they both WANTED it, and neither one was 
forcing the other in any way, then why not?  The old wives'-tales 
about incestuous relations resulting in deformed babies were just 
that:  Hogwash.  Mother explained to both of us girls about how 
genetics worked, and why the statistical chances of an incestuous 
relationship having problems were far less than the scare-tactics 
that society pushed at you.  I think it was about THAT time, that 
Laura had asked something like, "What if a girl asked her father 
for sex, instead of him doing it?"
     After Mother answered that question, I don't think it was 
two days later before my little sister lost her virginity to Dad.  


                                11


So far, Mother's advice about incest seemed to be holding up.  
OK . . . so why was I worried about turning into a bull-dyke, 
when neither I nor my little sister liked that kind of stuff?  If 
I "made love" to Laura, that would NOT "ruin" me or her for sex 
with the rest of the family.  "I'll think about it, OK?" I 
replied.
     "OK."  Laura didn't seem to be disturbed by my answer, as if 
it was the one she expected.  "Only Marie?" she asked again.  
"Promise me something?"
     "What?" I replied; too wrapped up in the pleasure of holding 
the little girl in my arms after her long absence.
     "If you DO decide 'Yes', I want you to promise me 
something." she said.
     "What's that?" I asked, semi-suspiciously.  The cute grin of 
the 10-year-old made refusing her anything hard to do.
     "'Molest me in the middle of the night' like you said you 
would . . . please?  I want to feel what it's like . . . OK?"
     "OK," I said; grinning back at the little girl, as hard as 
she was grinning at me.  "If that's what you REALLY want, and if 
I DO decide to take you up on your generous offer, and if I 
decide that I want to do this, then yes, I'll do it.  But I'm not 
guaranteeing anything.  OK."
     "OK, Marie."  The child squirmed around in my arms, gave me 
a crushing kiss, and was gone . . . leaving me with arms almost 
achingly empty.  Somehow I just KNEW that sometime in the next 
two weeks or so, I would be pulling up the little girl's nightie, 
and not just feeling her up, but trying to get the little girl to 
orgasm, before she was fully awake.  The damned thought the 
little girl had planted in my head was just too erotic to resist.  
Somehow I just KNEW that Laura knew it too.  Oh well.

     I looked over at the little girl in bed with me, her leg 
half-over mine, sleeping close to me like we hadn't for way too 
long, and was tempted to start right now.  Only my long-awaited 
climax was close; and there was still that last memory of the day 
to help me get off.

     In the delight of rediscovering my little sister, I had 
almost forgotten the promise my mother had made earlier.  Thus it 
was that about an hour ago, Mother caught me by surprise, when 
she called in to the living-room, where the rest of the family 
was watching TV.  "I'm going to bed early tonight," she 
announced.  At my little sister's brightening face, she squelched 
the little girl's hope of "taking over" for her mother.  "So 
Marie, could you 'take care' of your father tonight?  I've got a 
slight headache."
     I knew Mother no more had a headache than I did.  This was 
just her way of allowing me to get to Dad, before one of my 
sisters beat me to it.
     "Sure Mother," I said, "if Dad doesn't mind.  Perhaps he'd 
prefer one of the other girls though (here I licked my lips 
suggestively).  You know how they can both 'do things' that I 
don't."  The whole family, including Dad, knew those "things" 
involved little girls taking their father's penis right up inside 
their tight little slits, and then letting Dad fill their cute 


                                12


little tummies full of his thick white baby-making cum.  The fact 
that neither girl was on the pill, or even planning on getting on 
it, just made the whole idea that much more erotic.  On the other 
hand, while I couldn't do THAT for Dad, I DO give the best blow-
jobs in the house.  Dad says in the entire universe, but he's 
prejudiced.
     Still, there IS something in what he says.  To give a REALLY 
good blow-job, you've got to LIKE giving blow-jobs.  (Remember 
that "blow-job" principle?)  Not only that, but you shouldn't 
mind getting cum in your mouth, and even swallowing, if you have 
to.  There's few turn-ons to men, like seeing a pretty girl 
licking her lips, and then SWALLOWING his sperm as if she likes 
it.  If you REALLY like it, that's a plus . . . though I 
understand that there are SOME women that they call "cum-
guzzlers" that are only interested in just that . . . swallowing 
a man's sperm.  They will suck like hell to get a man to cum in 
their mouth; then swallow it, and go on to the next guy to get 
some more.  Sick!
     Then, you get the rare-bird like me, who loves the taste of 
cum.  While I would no more spit out someone's cum after they 
squirted it in my mouth than I would candy, I wouldn't just gulp 
it down, either.  I LIKE the taste of cum in my mouth; and try to 
keep as much there as long as I can before I swallow.
     The same goes for cock-sucking.  I like to tease a guy on 
for as long as possible; keeping him on the hairy-edge of cumming 
all the while, until he finally loses it and squirts his cum in 
my mouth where it belongs.  (To me, it seems a waste for a man to 
squirt it up a girl's cunny, unless he's trying to get her 
pregnant.  To my sisters, it's just the opposite.)
     So, as you gather, I give a GREAT blow-job.  Dad knows THAT, 
too.  That's why I really wasn't surprised (but was pleased) to 
hear my father say, "No, it's all right with me, if it's all 
right with Marie."
     The faces of both girls turned to me expectantly, and then 
fell at my smiling response.  On the other hand, Mike's face 
brightened, when he learned that both of them would probably be 
available to HIM to 'slake his lust on."
     When one of the other girls is with Dad, that usually means 
he has only one sister to squirt his sperm in.  To my big 
brother, there's only ONE proper hole for a man's prick to go in.  
Dad, thank goodness, is more civilized.
     So, about 45 minutes ago I found just me and Dad in the 
loving-room (sic) with the TV turned off, and both of us naked.  
I climbed on my father's lap and gave him a bare-naked hug, just 
like I understand my little sister gave him (and later Mike, and 
Toni) not 15 minutes after leaving me that afternoon.
     "Daddy," I said; using the erotic name he liked to be called 
when having sex with us kids, "I love you."
     "'Love you too, Marie," he replied; giving as good as he 
got, in the hug department.  After a few minutes, he started 
squirming though.  I giggled as I felt my father's penis swell up 
under my bottom; and after a little more squirming, poke up 
between my legs.  "But don't you think we'd better do something 
about this," he said; looking down at his lap where his penis was 
almost splitting my cunt-lips, "before it accidentally slides up 


                                13


inside you?"  My father knows how I feel about remaining a 
virgin.
     "Oh . . . I don't know," I said; squirming until my father's 
prick actually WAS poking into the hole between my legs, and the 
sudden rush of wetness from both of us made it incredibly 
slippery.  "Oh God," I thought, "just one hard PUSH, and my 
virginity would be history; while my tummy would be so filled 
with Daddy's baby-juice that I would probably be nursing our 
child within the year . . . SO close . . ."
     "That might be fun," I said; gritting my teeth and standing 
up, instead of forcing myself down, like I almost found myself 
wanting to.  "But we're supposed to do it THIS way, this time," I 
said; getting on my knees.
     Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Dad's sandbagged 
look.  That was the first time I had even HINTED that I might 
accept vaginal intercourse.  I giggled, while internally I 
wondered just what I was talking myself into THIS time.  One of 
the main reasons I'm still a virgin, is that I KNOW I'm extremely 
fertile (heck, even the doctor has warned me) and once I start 
having unprotected sex with either Dad or Mike, my non-pregnant 
time will probably be measured in hours, if that.  And I also 
knew full-well, that any sex I DID have with either one of them 
WOULD be unprotected; with thick family prick belching great gobs 
of incestuous baby-making cum at my fertile young womb.  Hours?  
Heck, I would probably be pregnant within minutes of taking Dad 
inside me.  Such a scary (and thoroughly erotic) thought!  My 
crotch was soaking wet, and I knew it was NOT just from the pre-
cum leaking out of Dad's prick.
     I knew I had better do SOMETHING to cool my hot box off; so 
I did what always had worked in the past . . . I deep-throated 
Dad's prick.
     I didn't even wait to get him worked-up or myself excited 
first.  From the almost steady drool of clear liquid coming from 
my father's penis, I knew Dad was about as excited as he could 
get.  I guess my hint about what I MIGHT do some other time had 
gotten him incredibly aroused.  I filed this concept away for use 
later, when I might need to get one of my men excited in a hurry.
     Usually, when I deep-throat someone, I work him up first; 
sucking and jacking on him, until his prick is slippery with pre-
cum, and it's spread all around my mouth, and even I am so 
excited I'm ready to be choked by prick, if necessary.  This time 
I just jammed my mouth down in Dad's crotch so fast that it slid 
down my throat like an oversized potato.  God!  Did that hurt!  
But I didn't stop; working myself forward until my nose was 
buried in Dad's fur, and my mouth was strained as far open as it 
could be, around the base of his prick.  The smell and aroma of a 
real MAN in my nose, combined with the sight and knowledge that 
my own father's prick was buried in my body where it belonged, 
were enough to make me climax without a thing touching my 
overheated little snatch.  For the next 20 minutes, from that 
first big swallow, until my ministrations finally got to be too 
much, I was in almost continuous orgasm; shuddering around my 
father's prick, while I did everything a 12-year-old girl could 
do to excite her father; only easing up each time he got a little 
too close to cumming in me.  Up and down and around I would slide 


                                14


my mouth; pausing each time I felt those tiny flutterings that 
presaged my father's eruptions.  All the time, I felt his body 
up, hugging him to me, and rubbed and stroked his legs, chest, 
balls, ass, and wherever I could reach.  Whenever Dad got too 
close, I would slow down for a second; still keeping his prick in 
my mouth, but no longer stroking until his excitement died down 
momentarily.  Three times in that session, I felt a delicious 
dollop of warm cum splurt into my mouth, while I hastily nipped 
my father's prick with my teeth to distract him from giving me 
the whole load.  Occasionally, I would "deep-throat" him, but 
mostly I just used my mouth like a cunt for him to fuck; letting 
his prick slide down my gullet on the instrokes, while catching 
my breath on the outstrokes.  At the same time I was doing this, 
I was peripherally aware of Dad stroking my back; teasing the 
erect nipples on my dangling breasts (what there were of them to 
"dangle") feeling me up, gentling me down; and generally helping 
me to enjoy the almost continuous shudders of orgasm that kept 
rippling through my body.  I was incredibly disappointed that I 
had to swallow the first three squirts, but I did have to, to 
avoid making a big mess.  Besides, Dad's cock pushed most of it 
down my throat anyway, and one went there directly; as he 
squirted it while buried halfway down my gullet.  All the time I 
fucked my mouth on my father's prick, we made love.  I was 
continuously aware of Dad's words about how he loved me, how good 
it felt, and how he wanted ME to feel good.
     I was just about to let Dad squirt, (Yes, I have that good a 
control, that usually *I* can control when a man comes . . . 
usually, but not always.) when I felt myself being moved, and 
realized that Dad was moving my body over his, so he could return 
the favor by licking MY hot little hole.  It wasn't forceful; 
being more of a suggestion by pushing lightly on my hips than a 
demanding shove.  Still, I found myself moving to accomodate him.
     Now usually, I resist ANY touch even near my vagina; but 
after what had happened today, (especially with my earlier hint) 
how could I refuse to allow my father the same pleasure of 
tasting me, that he was giving me of tasting him?  I slid my body 
around; for once not only not resisting his unconscious effort to 
make me feel as good as he was; but actually helping him position 
my body to where first his finger, and then his incredibly 
slippery tongue could stroke and tickle my overheated crack.
     This was almost an incredibly bad mistake.  It was only with 
incredible effort that I kept from almost biting my father's 
prick in two, the first time I felt his tongue touch my clit.  
NOBODY (besides myself) head EVER touched my clit, when I was 
already in the process of cumming.  Even I usually kept my 
fingers away from there, as the sensations were too strong for me 
to control; and I had been known to fall out of bed . . . 
spoiling everything . . . when that happened.  Only Dad had 
control of me this time, and wouldn't let me fall off.  I 
literally blacked-out for several seconds, from the intensity of 
the sensations.  As I said, it was almost sheer luck that I 
maintained enough brain to remember NOT to bite down.  When I 
came too, I was almost choking, as I had involuntarily forced 
myself an incredible distance down on my father's prick, and I 
somehow had managed to suck balls and all inside my mouth, so my 


                                15


mouth was distended around the base of his prick, like a snake 
swallowing a broomstick.  MY nose was almost to his ass, and the 
incredibly erotic smell sound, feel, and yes taste of my father 
was making me try to swallow him whole!
     Only it was too much.  I need air to breathe, too.  So I 
regretfully was about to pull back to catch another breath, when 
I heard Dad groan, "Oh God," and actually PUSH another half-inch 
down my throat!  Being out of control like that had made me lose 
control of Dad too.  For a second, I mentally debated with the 
twin possible pleasures of letting Dad actually cum down my 
throat, (where I couldn't taste it) or pulling back to get a 
breath of air, (where I could enjoy the taste of tick rich cum 
squirting against my tonsils).
     It turns out that I didn't really have a choice in the 
matter, as my body chose for me.  I pulled loose just enough to 
gasp for air, before I almost chocked to death on the enormous 
gouts of cum my father spouted in my mouth.  Some people are 
addicted to chocolate; others like steak or lobster.  While I 
like ice-cream, I'd give it up forever for one sip of cream 
straight from a man's prostate.  It's sweet and indescribably 
tasty and erotic.  I could just gorge myself on it.  Drinking 
that imagined quart of sperm, while incredibly obscene, nasty, 
and repulsive to some people, would be like drinking nectar of 
the gods, to me.  I wouldn't just DRINK it, like those cum-
guzzling sluts; I'd savor every drop.  Ooohh!

     Damn!  That obscene thought had been enough to put me over 
the top.  I couldn't help myself; almost thrashing around in bed, 
as the memory stimulated me to my long-sought orgasm, while my 
jerking woke up my little sister.
     Sensing what was happening, Laura cuddled me and held me 
through the shakes, while I kept both hands thrust between my 
legs; looking vaguely like a boy who had been kicked in the 
balls.  It was only after that incredible climax had died down, 
that I was able to think again.  First I resolved to actually DO 
the thing I had talked about earlier . . . molest my little 
sister in her sleep . . . probably in the morning.  Second, I 
tried to finish up my recollection of the day (harder to do, now 
that I was relaxing after getting my rocks off.  Still, I DID 
want to finish my mental review of the day . . .

     As I said; Dad was cumming in my mouth; while I was barely 
aware that his ejaculation had distracted HIM from the job he had 
previously been doing on MY hot little hole . . . thank goodness 
for small favors.  My orgasm combined with his, I couldn't have 
handled.  I wonder how those people in stories manage 
"simultaneous orgasms?"  Sounds incredibly awkward to me.
     After feeling one incredibly tasty squirt of thick hot cum 
wash against my tongue, I decided to partially go for Dad's 
pleasure, as well as my own.  (After all, he deserved it.)  I 
jammed my head forward, and let the second big bulge surge 
through my father's prick, ripple across my tongue, and on 
through where his swollen member was buried down my gullet.  I 
could tell from his reaction that felt incredibly good to Dad.  
Then I pulled back and caught a breath; once again barely 


                                16


avoiding choking on the third big squirt.  After that, I held my 
breath; just working my throat muscles on and off my father's 
prick; using the back of my throat like an interior vagina for 
Dad to jack off into.
     I was well rewarded for my efforts.  While SOME of Dad's 
sperm went right down my throat, most of it did not.  It seems 
that the tight squeeze of my throat kept Dad's sperm bottled up 
in his prick until I pulled back far enough for the pressure to 
drop enough to let it out in my mouth; while the sensation of 
actually fucking me in the throat was enough for Dad to squirt 
more sperm in my body than even he thought he had in him.  Dad 
was NOT disappointed that he had picked me over either of my two 
sisters.
     I wondered just how much longer I could resist the idea of 
getting my father to "take my cherry" and squirt his sperm in my 
tummy from the other end, just like he does to my two sisters.  
They both insist that it's even BETTER than swallowing cum; 
though I don't see how that's possible.  I shuddered in another 
half-orgasm at the very thought.  Somehow I knew my virginity's 
lifetime could probably be measured in days at most, and probably 
only hours.
     Well, at least if we did "make love properly" there wouldn't 
be any "going to waste", as whatever sperm didn't end up in my 
vagina getting me pregnant would be there for me to clean up with 
my mouth.  I stripped my father's prick of each tasty drop of 
precious cream; shivering at the delicious thought combined with 
the equally delicious flavor of my own father's cum.
     By the time he finished, with his prick all wilted and small 
in my mouth, I felt like I had well over a half a cup of my 
father's semen to swill around and enjoy the taste of. It 
couldn't really have been over a few tablespoons, but it FELT 
like that much.  God, was that good.
     It was lying here after Dad went back to bed with Mother, 
still savoring the incredibly erotic taste of my own father's 
seed in my mouth, that got me hot enough to masturbate . . . even 
after that incredible orgasm earlier.
     As I said, I simply LOVE the taste of my father's cum.
     It isn't often that I get more than just a taste.



















                                17
