

                   THE GIRL WITH THE TATTOOS 

     Had open innocent grey-green eyes and freckles everywhere,
and pert little breasts that pressed hard little nipples against
the satin blouse she wore.  On her hands were many silver rings,
and peeking from her blouse was a large flower tattoo that I
imagined painted most of her left breast.  She wore too much
cheap make-up, and there were small scars bruises on her freckled
legs.  There was something in her eyes, submission mixed with
eagerness, that made me wonder how her face would look in orgasm. 
She flirted openly, and so I asked her to dinner.  As we faced
each other across the small table she must have read my mind, as
she delicately asked my sexual preferences.  I kept catching her
looking at me, and by the time we left, it was a problem to keep
my erection from showing. 

     We went to her place.  Her roommate and the roommate's
boyfriend were there.  The tattooed girl said hello to him and
kissed him, and for a moment I felt a pang of jealousy, for it
was too long and too hot for just friends.  But when she
introduced her roommate to me, the roommate followed their
precedent and kissed me.  It was a heated kiss, as though she
were trying to draw something out of me; her lips parted and I
felt her hips move against mine.  When the introductions were
over, I was breathing heavily. 

     We sat facing on a pair of couches.  I asked the tattooed
girl where the picture on her chest ended.  "Want to see ?", she
asked, and began to unbutton her shirt.  She pulled it open to
reveal a well-rendered surreal serpent on the background of
freckles that faded away on her soft smooth breasts.  Its head,
the part that showed above her blouse, was a flower; the tail was
a bronze-scaled coil that wrapped her breast.  The end of the
serpent was drawn on the aureole, as though trying to titillate
the upturned nipple.  "She drew it", she informed me, smiling at
her girl friend.  "She'll paint you, too, if you want".  While I
was absorbed in studying the artwork and its soft background, the
roommate opened her guy's shirt and, after some hesitation, his
pants as well.  She stood him up and slipped his pants and
underwear down.  On the front of his hip, where a bathing suit
would hide it, began a similar serpent, except with the head of a
bronze penis.  The tail zigzagged to the base of his cock and
faded out halfway down it.  She touched the underside of his cock
and smiled.  The effect was a two-headed snake, one end of which
was now rising in small steps.  He was staring at the tattooed
girl's chest, and the girls were appraising his stiffening penis. 
"Let's go to the pool", one of them said.  It was late, and they
knew we would be alone there. 

     So we all removed our clothes, the girls looking carefully
at me.  They gave me a spare suit.  It was specially made: split
up one side and held closed with Velcro.  It could be opened and
would hang on one thigh while allowing total freedom.  The girls'
tops had a similar design; the straps crossed in front, and were
fastened there with Velcro to the cups, so the straps stayed at
their necks for easy refastening.  The roommate whispered
something to Tattoo, and she giggled and put her hand to her
bush, and smiled and nodded.  The guy and I had to tie towels
around our waists to cover our hard-ons, but finally we were
ready for the short walk to the pool. 

     The familiar scent of chlorine and the hot still night
relaxed me, but wondering what was to come kept me excited.  We
swam for a short time.  The pool had steps at the shallow end in
a corner, where we sat waist-deep in the warm water, the girls
next to each other at the intersection.  In the rippling dim
light reflected from the pool, they stared at one another.  They
pulled open each other's tops and moved very close until their
hard nipples touched, without speaking.  Their nipples were stiff
enough to see the depression made in their soft breasts when they
pressed together.  I slid closer to Tattoo and kissed her
shoulder.  The flower-serpent seemed to be constricting on the
roommate's compact breast.  She pressed her head against mine,
but kept looking at her friend.  The other guy had opened his
girl's bottoms and was stroking her pubic hair.  Her nipples were
smaller than Tattoo's, tight little buttons. As he touched her,
they puckered harder.  I turned my attention to Tattoo, stroking
her, pulling her bottoms open, petting her ass, sliding against
her.  When I looked up, the other couple had moved; she sat
facing away from him on his legs, ass thrust backwards, while he
leaned against the wall of the pool.  His eyes were closed, but
hers were sparkling.  Supported by the water, she was subtly
moving against him, a little farther back with each motion.  A
small jar was open on the poolside.  I realized it was a jar of
Vaseline, and that she was slowly working her anus onto his hard
cock, just under the water.  Her eyes began to close, and though
they were leaning apart, they seemed to be cuddling. 

     Tattoo turned to look at me.  She looked down and pulled the
velcro on my suit to free my straining penis, and then looked
straight into my eyes, questioning.  I turned her around to lean
on the edge of the pool where it was shallow enough that the
water did not cover our genitals.  Her softly rounded buttocks
gleamed in the dim light.  "Watch me" she said to her girl
friend, and I turned her a bit so the others could have a good
view.  Now she reached for the jar, put a large dab on her middle
finger, and reached around to lubricate her anus well.  Her
finger circled the tight opening, then dipped expertly into it
for a moment, like lips licking freshly-made whipped cream from
the spoon.  She reached back to me, touching my hard cock,
caressing the head with Vaseline, and urging me forward.  I held
her hips and let her hand guide my movements.  The hole was very
tight at first, but she motioned me to press it rhythmically, and
as I worked it began to loosen, allowing the end of my cock to
finally enter her.  She began to pant, and pulled me toward her
more.  In a sudden thrilling stroke, I felt her open and slip
around the head of my penis, holding me in a tight pulsating
grip. 

     The others had moved to the deeper water.  The roommate had
wrapped her legs around her lover's so as to hold herself
backward to him, fully inserted.  They were looking at Tattoo's
ass with my cock buried halfway in the delicious opening.  While
the guy worked slowly within her, the roommate walked him closer
and reached out to place her palm on Tattoo's ass.  Now she
reached over it to hold it with both hands, staring with loving
fascination at my cock moving slowly in the throbbing hole.  She
pulled Tattoo's ass apart so we could all see the contractions
that squeezed me.  She laid her face on Tattoo's ass-cheek and
reached under to titillate my balls, feel my cock, feel Tattoo's
anus squeezing, and finally to caress her clitoris. 

     Now with one hand holding the base of my penis and the other
rubbing Tattoo we began to work in earnest.  Tattoo began to moan
softly and the guy began to move more quickly, causing the
roommate to breathe faster and rub Tattoo harder.  I could feel
Tattoo opening up, loosening the grip on my cock as her throbbing
quickened.  My orgasm was building closer, and so was hers.  The
guy groaned as he began to pump semen into the roommate, who
slumped on Tattoo but kept rubbing.  Tattoo's grasp on me yawned
very loose, and I knew she was going to cum as I did, throbs
mixed with throbs, the roommate feeling my penis and Tattoo's
anus while we came, semen oozing in large drools from her,
lubricating her more, making it easy to slide and feel the
strong, vibrant contractions. 

------------------------------ 

     Later, we relaxed at the apartment.  It wasn't late, and
none of us felt the need to dress.  Tattoo's roommate was
squirmy, not having cum in the pool, but her boyfriend and I were
spent.  "We won't let it go to waste", Tattoo told her, and went
to the bedroom.  When she returned, she was carrying a very long
double dildo and the small jar of Vaseline.  So the girls
arranged us at each end of the couch so they could recline on us,
lying crotch to crotch.  With Tattoo's head on my chest, I had a
beautiful view of her roommate's still-wet pussy as she worked
her end of the dildo in.  Soon both the girls' pussies were
contentedly suckling the dildo as they rubbed their clits.  I
lifted one of Tattoo's legs up high so I could touch her anus. 
As I did, she snuggled closer and nodded her head.  With a slight
pressure, the already-loosened opening accepted my finger.  "You
need to catch up to us", she told her roommate, who muttered
"mm-hmm" and pressed harder on herself.  The guy was squeezing
both her nipples hard, now in time to her hip motions.  A few
more moments of masturbation and her pussy was contracting
strongly on the rubber, leaving it slick and wet when her
contractions forced some of it outward. 

     For me, that was the end of my relaxing.  I had to shift
Tattoo so my rising penis could escape.  I guided her off the
dildo, and rolled her over so she was crouched facing the way she
had been, and moved her back to her roommate.  Her lovely ass
moved proudly as her vagina regained the comfort of the rubber
device which communicated her friend's motions, her hands under
her to masturbate.  I kneeled behind her, over the dildo, which
was long enough to allow my presence.  I placed the head of my
penis at her anus, still lubricated and, at its center, wet from
my earlier cum.  It began to yield as before, but this time more
quickly, ready to open for me as I pressed slightly harder with
each stroke.  Soon it engulfed the entire head, Tattoo murmuring
contentment.  As I stroked her with slight motions, more pressure
than moving, I felt her orgasm begin, a continuation of her
earlier throbs.  There was no preliminary crescendo, just
continuing squeezes on me as I worked deeper.  As we enjoyed
ourselves, we sensed the other couple leaving the couch to Tattoo
and me and the dildo. 

______________ 
 
     Then we males had an idea.  The other couple sat facing us
on the other couch.  We sat the girls on our laps, facing away so
we could watch them while we all made love.  Tattoo and I studied
the ridged underside of the guy's penis standing straight up,
engulfed in waves by an already dripping vagina.  And he watched
intently as Tattoo slid herself onto me, her warmth a rolling
heat wave down my cock.  Now, as Tattoo and I took turns toying
with Tattoo's clitoris, the other couple put on a show.  She
raised herself so about half of his cock showed, and began to
stroke it with her hand.  On each stroke she touched her own clit
briefly, but she was working mainly on him.  Her eyes were on
Tattoo and me; she was interested in our reaction.  She raised
more, masturbated his cock until he was quite hot, then lowered
herself onto him to prolong the ecstasy.  She stroked up & down
with her body a few times, then again lifted.  With both hands
she urged his explosion, the head of his cock firmly within her,
but most of the shaft exposed for Tattoo and me to observe. 
Tattoo gasped as his penis contracted and began to throb.  Soon
his semen began to run down over his testicles, and she reached
to push the precious lubricant to her clit.  Before he had
finished, she too was cumming on him, slumping forward to our
applause. 

---------------- 

     A shaft of sunlight in my eyes half awakened me.  Tattoo lay
facing away from me in her bed, sleeping soundly.  I carefully
pulled the sheet down to look at her in the light.  Now I saw
that she had shaved her anus (or, I thought jealously, more
likely someone else had that pleasure).  It still retained in its
tiny folds some of the lubricant from the night before, and there
was a dried trail of my semen leading from it.  As I lay there
admiring her softly rounded form, she began to stir in her sleep,
moving to press her rear against me.  Warmed, I dozed.  I awoke
with a morning erection and Tattoo staring at it.  Sleepily she
rolled away, then heaved toward me.  I turned on my side to meet
her.  She reached to her anus to test its slickness with a
finger.  Apparently it was sufficient, because she moved closer
and used her hand to lift her buttocks apart.  I placed my penis
at the now familiar opening, and she began slowly and sleepily to
rock her hips, just enough to apply light pressure.  The sun had
moved; now it illuminated our point of meeting, making clear the
contours of her flesh as it yielded to each of her movements. 
She sighed as she lengthened her strokes to press the head of my
rock-hard penis into herself.  Soon we were again connected as we
had been, but with a sleepy gentleness overlaying our subdued
excitement.


