              THE NEW BILL OF RIGHTS OF 2011

          As a result of political action from all of the
     various "minority" movements, including large blocks of
     legal and illegal immigrants, in the period 1960-2010
     (who actually outnumbered white males by a considerable
     voting majority), the "New Bill of Rights" was amended
     to the United States Constitution and all old rights
     were superseded.  The purpose of this new constitution-
     al document was to make all citizens equal in "life
     opportunity" by leveling the field at an early age.  No
     group had preference in initial education, all had the
     same chance at being designated to the upper classifi-
     cations of citizenship.   The "New Bill of Rights" was
     ratified and became law on July 4, 2011, which was
     considered a symbolic date to herald the new equality
     of all persons in the United States of North America.
     The "New Bill of Rights" considered all persons below
     the age of 10 to be absolutely equal.  At age 10 all
     children were to be tested by advanced psychological
     and aptitude methods and then classified into one of
     four groups.  "Executives" who were full-fledged citi-
     zens and were qualified to manage the affairs of state
     and business.  "Tech-Citizens" who provided the pool
     from which all scientific and scientific related occu-
     pations were to be filled; this included research,
     medicine, teaching, and high skill industri-
     al/government applications.  "Worker-Citizens" those
     who filled all office, business, sales, medical, gov-
     ernment and industrial positions below management but
     above the final classification of "Laborer."
          Once classified each child was educated and/or
     trained regardless of race, religion, sex, ethnic
     origin, and/or sexual preference to fill an occupation
     as deemed appropriate by the Executive Planning
     Committee's needs assessment for a period involving the
     next 35 years of government and business operations.
     All persons were therefore trained to fill a projected
     need and there was projected to be no unemployment at
     the end of the first 10 years after enactment.
          Each classification was identifiable in two ways,
     first by clothing and/or appearance and second by
     customary traditional title.  All "Executives" were
     addressed as Mr. regardless of sex and required to wear
     "suits of a previously male style," hair to be worn
     short and accorded full benefit of citizenship includ-
     ing holding any business or government management job
     to which they were deemed capable of acceding.  All
     Medical Doctors were considered male and addressed as
     "Doctor" and identifiable by male clothing topped by
     the traditional "lab coat."  All college professors
     including instructors and lecturers were to be consid-
     ered male and addressed as "Doctor" (no one below that
     rank being allowed to teach at the college level);
     identified by clothing consisting of previously male
     "sport coat and slacks combinations."  All military
     officers were to be considered male, addressed by rank
     and to wear the appropriate uniform and insignia pro-
     scribed for their service and rank.  Hormone therapy
     and/or sexual reassignment surgery were available to
     all executives if desired by the individual.
          "Tech-Citizens" were to be addressed as "Tech" so-
     and-so unless employed in Medical, Educational,
     Military, or Scientific occupations.  Medical Nurses
     were all considered females and wore the traditional
     nurse uniform and addressed as "Nurse"; when not
     working they wore female clothing with the medical
     emblem displayed.   All primary and secondary teachers
     and instructors were to be considered female and
     attired as such at all times with the addition of a
     "lamp of learning" pin or patch and addressed as
     "Miss."   All noncommissioned military officers were to
     be considered male, addressed by rank and to wear the
     appropriate uniform and insignia proscribed for their
     service and rank.  All other "Techs" could be either
     male or female, were to be addressed as "Tech" and
     attired in a blue jumpsuit.  Tech's were permitted to
     vote only in regional elections, could not hold
     political office, nor refuse any lawful demand made by
     an executive unless it would cause the death of a
     citizen or was in conflict with work requirements for
     the job at hand.  Technicians were permitted, but not
     required to undergo hormone therapy if needed to
     provide the "proper appearance" for their occupation.
     The penalty for failure to meed a lawful and reasonable
     demand from an executive was to be "psycho-
     conditioning" for a first offense and reduction to
     "Worker" status on the second offense.
          "Worker-citizens" were to fill all of the "office"
     and "sales" positions below management or technical
     levels.  All were to be considered female and dress in
     traditional female attire at all times whether working
     or not.  All were to be addressed as "Miss" and were
     permitted to vote in local elections, but could not
     hold any managerial or supervisory position, nor refuse
     any lawful demand made by an executive or tech unless
     it would cause the death of a citizen or was in
     conflict with directives previously issued by an
     executive.  In which case the worker was to point out
     the conflict to the executive or tech and follow their
     direction following the notification as they were
     accepting responsibility for the outcome.  All male
     children assigned to this classification were to
     undergo hormone therapy once designated as "workers" so
     that they would appear female for their life
     occupation.  Penalty for failure to meet any lawful and
     reasonable demand from an executive or tech was
     "reconditioning" for the first offense, and
     reclassification to "Laborer" for a second offense.
          "Laborers" were to be considered non-persons and
     could be either male or female as needed for the job
     assigned.  Attired in orange jumpsuits at all times,
     they were to be addressed by first names only and have
     no rights under law except the rights to life and
     medical treatment as needed, if approved by appropriate
     authority.  The penalty for failure to meet any lawful
     demand from a citizen was "psycho-adjustment" then
     placement in a work camp for the duration of their
     natural life.
          Marriage as previously known was outlawed, which
     eliminated the divorce problem and a system of
     cohabitation replaced it.  This usually involved two
     citizens of the same rank however, executives were
     sometimes known to order lower classifications to
     become their consorts.  The business of law was the
     exclusive business of the government, no non-government
     attorneys were needed for any reason.  Police,
     commanders were executives as were all judges, and
     officers were drawn from the tech class.

                        TAWNY (Year 2054)

          It was on 11:00 a.m. and it had already been a
     hard day, Tawny had ruined one of her hose coming
     through the office right off the bat, snagging it on a
     metal desk drawer.  Then broken a fingernail about
     9:30, had her ass pinched by that lecher Mr. Booth when
     she passed him in the hallway and was sure that Mr.
     Kriser's hand had not 'inadvertently' brushed against
     her tits in the elevator as he shifted his portfolio.
     Now Mr. Petry wanted her to come to his office and take
     dictation, what the hell did they invent voicecorders
     for anyway?  No one took actual dictation anymore, you
     just went in and turned on your voicecorder and let
     them talk.  They could do it just as easily themselves,
     so this was just another power trip by one of the
     executives to prove they could mess up your morning.
          Tawny, gave a sigh, picked up her voicecorder and
     headed down the hall to Mr. Petry's office, knocked
     then entered and stood inside the door.  Mr. Petry was
     talking on the vidphone and as was usually the case,
     nervous, his hand brushing back his short hair
     occasionally as he spoke.  Mr. Petry motioned for Tawny
     to sit in a chair to the left of his desk and continued
     the phone conversation.  Finally, he was done and
     signed off the phone with a press of a button on his
     communications console which everybody called a
     'comcon' for short.
          "Come over here Miss Tawny and sit closer, I want
     you to get a good recording and you are too far away."
          Tawny moved her chair closer, responding to his
     hand signals until her knees were almost touching his.
          "That's much better, now let's get started."
          Mr. Petry was small, only about 5' 3" tall and
     very slim, the other girls said he was the smartest
     executive in the company and would be moving up
     shortly.  His production was three times that of the
     others and he was slated for the 'fast-track' promotion
     schedule.  He wore the 3 piece pin-striped suit of an
     executive like armor and was always there when Tawny
     arrived in the morning and when she left at night.
     "Not bad to look at," she thought, "but a work-a-holic,
     if there ever was one; too dedicated for me."
          Mr. Petry dictated seven letters to various
     business clients and Tawny just sat there, with the
     voicecorder running on her lap.  She noted that Mr.
     Petry kept shifting in his seat, and that his eyes
     never left her legs and lap as he spoke.  His voice
     droned on in a monotone and Tawny wasn't paying much
     attention to what he was saying, but the effect of his
     voice was to make her sleepy.  She looked out the
     window as he spoke, watching the clouds pass overhead
     and let her mind wander.  Suddenly, she felt a hand
     slide up her thigh, and before she could move the
     voicecorder out of the way and grab the arm, the hand
     reached her panties and dove under the waistband.
          "Mr. PETRY!" she cried, "What do you think you're
     DOING?" as  Tawny grabbed the wrist and tried to
     extract it from between her legs.
          "Why exercising my RIGHTS as an executive," he
     replied as his hand massaged her pubic area.  "Now
     stand up Missy, and hold you skirt up so I can see you
     better," he said as his lips gave her a brushing kiss
     on the cheek.
          Tawny, was shaking with fear and anger but knew
     the LAW.  According to the New Bill of Rights of 2011,
     Executives had the RIGHT to do anything to a worker
     short of inflicting serious injury or death.  Workers
     who refused were sent to "adjustment" camps and
     reconditioned to assume their PROPER role in society.
     She colored fiercely as the blood pounded in her
     temples, her humiliation was total, but she had no
     other recourse.
          Standing, Tawny reached down and lifted her hem so
     that he could now see her well-formed thighs and long
     legs without obstruction.  At 5'9" Tawny was much
     taller than her boss and had legs that were the envy of
     all the girls in the office.  She was proud of her
     figure, with her slim waist and 36B chest and her long
     brown hair cascaded over slim shoulders which looked
     fantastic in bare shoulder fashions.
          "Take off the dress," Mr. Petry directed as he sat
     back in his chair and watched the beautiful 21 year old
     girl before him.  He could do almost anything he wanted
     including forced sex since 'rape' of a worker was not a
     crime, because he was an executive.
          Tawny, reached behind her and unzipped the dress,
     then slowly pulled the front downward, freeing her arms
     from the shoulder straps.  With the dress now bunched
     at her waist, she inserted her thumbs and pushed in
     downward over her hips, then stepped out of it and laid
     it over a chair.  Tawny crossed her arms over her
     breasts in a show of modesty and crossed her legs in an
     attempt to cover herself a little more.  She saw his
     eyes, large glittering ovals of lust as they passed
     over her tender flesh, this just caused her
     embarrassment to turn to raw fury.
          "Excellent!  Very nice!" the man said as his eyes
     traveled the full length of her body, looking at the
     white lace camisole encasing her torso and the long
     elastic straps that passed under her bikini panties and
     then secured the tops of her white stockings.  Her feet
     were adorned by white patent leather high heels with 4"
     spikes, making her calf muscles stand out and the tall
     girl even taller than her already towering height.  To
     be able to exercise absolute power of this beautiful
     creature who was seemly twice his size was a psycho
     trip worth more than money could buy.  "Now take off
     the rest!"  His caustic tone made her flush in shame,
     as she complied with his order.
          Tawny slowly unhooked her stockings and after
     rolling them down her legs, placed them on the chair
     with her shoes and dress.  Reaching behind her, she
     unhooked the camisole and turned her back to him as she
     removed it from her firm breasts.  Last came the
     panties, then she turned back to face him with one arm
     crossing her breasts while the other hand tried to hide
     her crotch from view.  With renewed humiliation, Tawny
     looked away as Mr. Petry inspected her hairless body,
     and gave his approval, not one hair could be seen
     anywhere below her head, none on the arms, legs, none
     anywhere.
          "Bend over the desk Missy, I have a present for
     you,"
          She moved slowly toward the desk and when her hips
     were pressing against it, she felt Mr. Petry's hand
     pressing against the back of her shoulders, urging her
     downward.  When her elbows were resting on the desk and
     her breasts just brushing the cold surface, Mr. Petry
     began stroking her back with one hand and reached
     underneath milking her breasts with the other, he then
     massaged her ass and thighs and slowly moved upward
     between her legs until his hand grasp her by her BALLS!
     Her humiliation could not be alleviated as Tawny's
     small cock was now hard and jutting outward, trapped
     between her hips and the desk.
          "Aah!," she cried as his hand clamped down hard on
     her tender balls, "Please, Please don't hurt me," she
     cried as the hand pulled and twisted her tender parts.
     As suddenly as the grip had clamped, it released, and
     the hand became tender as it stroked her ass and cock.
          "Yes, I have a surprise for you missy, just hold
     still and I'll let you have it," he said.  Tawny heard
     a drawer opened and closed and then felt Mr. Petry
     spreading a cream on her asshole, his finger gently
     working it around the tight opening, then when she
     relaxed, rubbing it inside the small orifice.  After a
     while, she could tell that he was working two or three
     fingers in and out at once; then he stopped.
          "Now for the surprise," he whispered.  "How can he
     call his cock a surprise?" she thought to herself, "I'm
     no virgin, I've been raped before, more times than I
     care to remember."  "Arghh!, Arghh!"  "God, there's no
     way that little fucker has a cock that big!" "But it's
     in my ass so he must," she thought with her eyes closed
     and her tear streaked face pressed into her hands.
          Before, she could consider it more, it suddenly
     began vibrating and the vibrations traveled up her body
     in wave after wave.  Mr. Petry patted her ass then told
     her to put her panties back on, but to leave the toy
     where it was.  "But, I thought . . . " she whimpered.
          "You think nothing!" he replied, "I do the
     thinking here."   "Now put you clothes back on and
     leave that gift EXACTLY where it is, you are to report
     here, before you go home today, and IF you have been a
     good girl, I MIGHT take it out; if you don't leave it
     or are bad you will be punished severely; DO YOU
     UNDERSTAND?"
          "Yes, Mr. Petry." Tawny quickly got dressed and
     picking up the voicecorder, was told to have all of the
     letters done by 4:00 p.m.  She then ran out the door
     and down the hall to the worker-girls restroom and dove
     for a stall.
          Tawny sat down on a toilet seat and her body shook
     with anger and fear of the executive who had just
     humiliated her.  "How did I ever get into a situation
     like this?" she thought, but knew the answer.  She
     trembled, then she began to shake as the fearful images
     built in her mind, just thinking of it shattered her,
     her stomach clenched tight, and suddenly she was sick
     and spun around just in time to use the commode rather
     than throw-up all over herself.  When she recovered
     enough, she went to the sink and rinsed the foul taste
     from her mouth, then returned to the stall, still
     trembling and feeling the vibrations of the thing he
     had inserted in her.  In the silence of the bathroom,
     she could also hear a faint buzzing sound from the
     thing and knew she would have to be "noisy" all day to
     conceal it.
          Looking up, Tawny saw the camera on the wall of
     the room, it had been there so long, she had almost
     forgotten it.  She knew it provided a directed video
     and audio feed to the executive lounge, but had long
     ago accepted this invasion of privacy by the executives
     as one of their rights.  Now, however, it was a
     problem, since she wanted to remove and inspect the
     thing in her ass and DID NOT want that picture
     broadcast to every lecher in the building.  Tawny moved
     to the last stall, knowing that it was not totally
     covered by the camera, since there were places in it
     where you could not see the camera, so obviously, the
     camera could not see you.  Pressed against the
     partition, she gently removed the device and inspected
     it, after turning it off to eliminate the loud buzzing
     it made outside its current receptacle.
          It was a combination dildo and butt plug, made
     from a soft rubber with most of it looking like a cock
     about 8 inches long and 1.5 inches in diameter.  It had
     a "T" shaped bottom however, to keep it from going
     completely inside and a twist type cap on the bottom,
     which both closed the battery compartment and acted as
     the on-off switch for the device.  Satisfied that it
     would not hurt her, Tawny, tried her best to empty her
     bowels, then after washing the device, reinserted it
     into her rectum, but left the device turned off, for
     now.  With the plug feeling like a log stuffed up her
     innards, Tawny, straightened her clothing, fixed her
     makeup and returned to her desk to process the letters
     and get her other work done before the 4:00 deadline.
          After two hours of hard work, Tawny had completed
     the letters and threw them into her out basket, then
     leaned back in her chair, relaxing for a moment.  This
     shift in position, however, closed the contact on the
     vibrator which abruptly starting working; the shock of
     it starting almost caused her to jump from her chair,
     which would have drawn the attention of every other
     girl in the office.  No matter how much she wiggled and
     squirmed, the thing just kept buzzing away, and soon
     Tawny just gave up trying to get it to stop and tried
     to find some work on her desk to distract her mind from
     it.
          At 4:00, Tawny reported to Mr. Petry as directed
     and he let her stand as he reviewed the letters for
     mistakes.  "Very good, Missy, now come over to the desk
     and bend over it."  Mr. Petry approached her from
     behind and ran his hand over her shoulder in a
     possessive manner, then slid it down her back and
     lifted her skirt, laying it up over her back.  His hand
     then massaged, the taunt flesh of her backside and his
     fingers finding the device, pressed through her
     panties, shoving it to maximum depth.  Grasping her
     panties at the hips, he slowly lowered them and then
     took hold of the dildo and started to pull it outward.
     "Ahhh!" Tawny moaned as the thing was pulled backward,
     then, "Ohhh!, Argh!" as it was roughly slammed back to
     full depth.  Mr. Petry then began a pumping of the
     dildo in and out of her ass, slowly pulling it out then
     plunging back in with enough force to slam her hip
     against the desk.  After awhile, Tawny's body responded
     and met him thrust for thrust, at this point, without
     warning, he jerked it out of her and slapped her flesh
     with a hard swat.  (Crack!) "You are enjoying this you
     little slut! (Crack!), Get your panties up and get out
     of here. NOW!" he yelled, and Tawny hurriedly pulled up
     her panties as she ran for the door.  "GET OUT YOU
     SLUT!"
          Tawny went straight to her desk, shut down her
     comcon, got her coat and purse and headed for the door,
     determined to get out of the building before, Mr. Petry
     decided to punish her, despite the fact that he really
     had no reason for doing so, he didn't need one; it was
     his prerogative as an executive.  "Thank God it's
     Friday!" she thought, "At least he'll have the weekend
     to cool off and hopefully forget about this."
          Outside, Tawny went to the corner and caught a
     robocab, it was too expensive, normally she would ride
     the people mover, but she didn't want to take any
     chances of Mr. Petry following her.  Inside, she
     ordered the robot to take her to her apartment
     building, then relaxed only when she was around the
     block and headed away from the company building
     complex.  Finally in front of her building, she ran her
     debt card through the card reader of the cab, noting
     that it was even more expensive than she had thought,
     "Eighty-Five New Dollars!  Guess I'll be on a diet for
     the rest of the month!" she thought as the cab now
     paid, opened its door to let her exit.
          The building auto-doorkeeper, accepted her palm
     print and recessed the door for her to enter.  Her
     apartment doorkeeper required a thumb print for
     admission and the apartment computer greeted her with a
     cheery metallic "Hello Tawny, how was your day?" as she
     crossed the threshold.  "Pure Shit!" she replied, "Get
     me a bath, you silicone tormenter."
          "Yes Miss, it will be ready in three minutes, may
     I get you a drink?"
          "Yes, double martini and make it dry!"
          "As you wish, Miss, it is being served at the
     drink dispenser now."
          Tawny, grabbed the drink from the portal built
     into the wall and downed it immediately, then ordered
     another, as she stripped off her clothing and threw
     them into the fresher receptacle.  Carrying her drink,
     Tawny headed for the bath, and mumbled to herself as
     she walked.  "Fucking computer is a real pain, but it
     makes good drinks and I sure don't know how people
     lived without them."
          Stepping into the oversized tub, Tawny allowed
     herself to sink down into the bubble laden water and
     enjoy the muscle relaxing heat absorb into her tired
     and abused body.  Tawny, just laid back and soaked,
     with her head resting against the tub wall and closed
     her eyes allowing the water to do it's work, and
     remembered what it had been like before she had been
     classified.  For starters she had been born male and
     called Tommy until that fateful day she was classified.
          Tawny's childhood had been in most respects usual
     for a citizen class person, her father had been an
     executive who got a genetic female worker pregnant and
     thus been required to support the worker for 12 years
     until the child was classified and had completed
     preliminary training.  The state picked up living
     expenses for children between ages 13-16 after which
     they were shipped off to boarding schools for final
     occupational training.  The only unusual part was that
     she had a twin brother named Tim and his mother was
     also receiving support for an older half sister named
     Jane who was six when Tawny and Tim were born.  Her
     father was unusual in that he actually took an interest
     in the children and visited them regularly, taking them
     on outings.  Tawny also now realized that the visits
     gave him an excuse to see their mother and have sex
     with her weekly.  Jane's father, never visited, just
     sent monthly checks.  Jane was now a medical doctor
     somewhere on the east coast and had made no contact
     with her brothers after their classifications.  The one
     thing Tawny remembered more than anything else about
     her father, was that every trip always ended with a
     tour of the "Laborer" housing area and an admonition
     that they must study hard so that they would never be
     classified as a Laborer.  Also, any sign of submission
     was discouraged except to an adult's direction, so that
     they would be used to managing and supervising and
     might stand a better chance being classified into an
     upper class.
          Tim, she remembered had been his best friend and
     playmate until they went to take the tests, then became
     someone he grew to hate afterwards.  Tim was classified
     a "Tech - Military Supervisor specialty" as opposed to
     her "Worker - Office" classification and immediately
     began to order her then still known as Tommy around.
     That 6-year period between classification and final
     training had been pure hell for her, starting when her
     name was legally changed and they started giving her
     hormone treatments.  Tim, would whenever out of hearing
     of adults, taunt her and force her to do things that
     still made her shudder.
          Her brother was learning to exercise his new
     status and she had been his training tool.  He would
     keep her naked whenever they were alone and tease her
     about her budding breasts and the fact that her sex
     organs stayed exactly the same size while his grew and
     flaunted his hard cock in her face at every
     opportunity.  Once her brother was capable of erection,
     Tawny became his personal sex object, and she had been
     forced to service him daily with her mouth or backside
     and usually both.  "You might as well get used to it,"
     Tim would say, "you're not going to be anything but a
     pussy for executives and tech's anyway!"  Tawny would
     cry, but would do as ordered or he would spank her
     until she couldn't sit down.  Occasionally, Tim would
     offer her to service other boys in the neighborhood and
     laugh and taunt her while she sucked or fucked the boys
     who had formerly been both their friends.  The fact
     that any adult would only confirm that he was within
     his rights only made the abuse more humiliating to the
     young boy on the inside as his body became female in
     appearance.
          By the time she was sixteen and sent to the office
     workers training school, the last mental vestiges of
     Tommy were gone and the personality of Tawny was
     predominant.  The only reminders of Tommy were the
     miniature genitals between his long supple thighs.  At
     sixteen, Tawny measured 34-23-35 and had the features
     of a high fashion model as well as a tall willowy
     frame.  By the time she graduated at age eighteen she
     had grown to 36-24-35 and was the envy of all the girls
     in her class.  The only thing Tawny wished they had
     done to her, was COMPLETE THE JOB; why hadn't they made
     her a woman in total instead of just appearance.  Her
     useless genitals should have been removed and SRS
     (Sexual Reassignment Surgery) completed, the way they
     left her just made it even more abusive when sex was
     demanded of her.  She would have it done as soon as she
     could afford it, she decided, but it was a VERY
     expensive operation.  Very few workers ever earned
     enough to get it done.  Tawny had not seen her twin
     since the day she left for school and after the years
     of abuse he had inflicted on her, had no desire to ever
     see him again.
          Tawny realized the water was getting cold, and got
     out of the bath, dried with a large fluffy towel, then
     dusted her entire body with a sweet smelling power.
     Standing nude before the full-length mirror in her
     bathroom, Tawny looked herself over.  She was tall and
     slender, reed-like, willowy, yet curving and regal, her
     hips tapered into long straight legs, her skin was like
     a peach-tinted cream and her uptilted breasts like
     satin.  Her features looked dainty and her wrists small
     with long sensitive fingers, her facial bones were
     delicately carved and her mouth full and her wet light
     brown hair would have a wind blown look when dried and
     emphasize her deep blue eyes.  "Sexy" was the only way
     she could describe herself, "No wonder those lechers at
     the office are always after me."
          Refreshed, Tawny ordered the apartment computer to
     fix her a light snack of soup and a synth-turkey
     sandwich, then put on a long nylon robe as she worked
     her way toward the kitchen, giving the computer time to
     fix the meal.  The food was ready when she got to the
     auto-porter and she moved it to the breakfast bar and
     fixed herself a cup of tea to wash it down.  Then spent
     the next 30-minutes leisurely munching as the stereo
     played soothing music.  Now, recovered, Tawny decided
     to go out for the evening to help distract her from the
     events of the day.


          Starting with black silk thong type panties, black
     pantihose, and short black half slip, Tawny prepared
     for her evening out.  Sitting at her makeup table, she
     applied her makeup with great care, smoothing the
     foundation over her hairless face making sure to cover
     the dark area below each eye resulting from fatigue,
     next came eyeliner, mascara, eyeshadow, a little
     penciling of the eyebrows, and bright red lipstick, a
     little rouge to highlight her delicate cheekbones and
     she was finally satisfied with the look.  Next, her
     long hair was combed and fixed into a knot on top of
     her head, held by a gold clasp, leaving her slim
     elegant neck visible from all angles.  "Now for the
     dress," she thought as she perused her closet, and
     selected a black party dress that was pure feminine
     allure.  The draped neckline slipped just off the
     shoulder and plunged to a deep "V" between her breasts,
     the narrow waist was accentuated by the flair of the
     full circle skirt held aloft by an attached crinoline.
     The cloth covered matching belt was present only to
     emphasize the difference of her tiny waist and the
     skirt came only to mid-thigh showing off her fabulous
     long legs.  Gold and pearl drop earrings and a matching
     necklace and bracelet finished the look except 3 inch
     strap high heels on her feet.  "If I gotta be a girl,
     I'll be a beautiful one!" she thought to herself as she
     blew a kiss from pouted lips at the mirror.
          Riding the people-mover to the nightclub was not
     something Tawny usually liked to do, but it was seven
     miles to the club from her apartment and in between was
     a college campus and an area called the Labor Ghetto.
     Definitely not an area to walk through at night.  The
     passenger coach was full tonight, mostly tech's,
     workers and a few laborers, not to mention a few
     squalling children and loud teenagers.  Tawny smiled to
     herself at all of the appreciative gazes directed
     toward her from the assembled fellow passengers and
     pretended not to hear some of the lewd remarks made by
     the teenage boys who were pre-tech from their clothing
     of light blue jumpsuits.      Finally, the mover got to
     her stop and she moved with pure grace toward the door
     and out on to the sidewalk in front of the nightclub.
     "Hi Miss Tawny!" the real live doorkeeper greeted her
     as he opened the door and held it for her to pass
     through.  The live doorman, live bartender, and
     generally friendly people who frequented the club made
     it her favorite place to go when down in the dumps.
     They also usually had a good band and Tawny DID love to
     dance.  Tawny moved immediately toward the bar and Jim
     the bartender smiled on seeing her approach and
     immediately produced her favorite drink, an obscure
     concoction called a "Singapore sling," few people knew
     about it, although it was reputed to have been very
     popular back before the turn of the century and was
     very strong indeed.
          "Put it on my tab," Tawny smiled at the handsome
     bartender as she accepted the proffered drink.  Jim
     gave her a look that could only be interpreted as pure
     lust and caressed her hand as he withdrew his own.
          "As always," he whispered in a husky voice,
     "you're gorgeous, best looking girl in the place.
     Unfortunately we are busy tonight, awful lot of 'Suits'
     for some reason, so watch yourself, and I won't be able
     to spend much time with you.  Just give me a high sign
     when you want another, Andy doesn't know how to make
     them."
          "Thanks Jim," she smiled and turned to look over
     the customers and see if any seats were empty near the
     stage.  "Jim probably still thinks I'm a genetic
     female," she chuckled to herself, "Won't HE be
     surprised someday!"
          Moving toward the only empty table near the stage,
     Tawny noted with apprehension that more than half of
     the crowd were Executives, highly unusual in a bar
     usually only frequented by Tech's and Workers.  "Why
     don't they stay at their own clubs?" she mumbled to
     herself, "God Damn 'Suits' just won't leave us alone,"
     as she worked across the dance floor to the table.
          Tawny had no more than sat down when she noted an
     adjacent table was full of 'Suits' most of whom had
     already had too much to drink and were becoming rowdy.
     Although she had her back turned toward them she could
     hear their lewd remarks, assessing her body, and the
     burn of their eyes stripping her mentally.
     Fortunately, an electronics Tech named John came over
     almost immediately and Tawny was relieved when he sat
     at the table with her.  His large size apparently was
     sufficient to clam up the remarks from behind her,
     although legally they could say anything they wanted
     without recourse.
          "Thanks for coming over John, I was starting to
     get worried," she whispered in his ear.
          "I could tell the wolves in 'Suits' were upsetting
     you," he replied, "How about a dance, then we'll sit
     somewhere away from them."
          "Please" was the whimpered reply.
          John got up and guided her onto the dance floor
     and soon they were a blur of motion as they
     concentrated on the music, until suddenly, a tall
     blonde haired man in a grey suit stepped between them
     and grabbed Tawny by the wrist.
          "Move off, Tech, I want to dance with this long
     legged cunt," he growled at John.
          "But sir, please, no need to be abrasive or
     vulgar, if you want to dance with the lady, all you
     need do is ask."
          "Bug off Techy or I'll have your ass . . .  YOU
     UNDERSTAND ME!"
          "Uh, yes sir, anything you say sir . . . "
          "Now Cunt!  You dance with ME!  Got it?"
          "Yes, yes sir," Tawny replied and much to her
     chagrin, the band switched to slower music from the
     fast set they had just completed.  Immediately, she was
     pulled up against the tall man and his hand immediately
     began feeling all over her body.  His fingers probed
     her ass cheeks and squeezed and pinched them as he
     pulled the skirt of her dress up revealing her firm
     behind to everyone in the club.  Tawny could smell an
     overpowering odor of alcoholic beverage about him and
     his movement was definitely impaired by the effects of
     drink.  No doubt in her mind, this guy was drunk, and
     out of control.
          During the next dance, the man stumbled and
     grabbed at Tawny to stop his fall.  His hands
     unfortunately caught the shoulders of her dress and his
     weight moving downward, ripped the dress down from her
     shoulders, baring her high firm breasts.  Tawny,
     removed his hands before he could do any more damage,
     but everyone on the dance floor had stopped and were
     now staring at her half nude form.  Tawny tried pulling
     the shredded material up to cover herself, but finally
     gave up on it and covered her breasts with her arms as
     she ran from the dance floor toward the bathroom.  At
     the edge of the dance floor a short man in blue
     pinstripe suit stopped her dead in her tracks.  It was
     Mr. Petry!
          "Well now Missy, fancy meeting you here.  Just
     WHAT did you think you were doing with my boyfriend out
     there?  Uhm?  Being your normal little slutty self, I
     say, so why don't we just give all these good citizens
     a really good show?"
          Mr. Petry grabbed Tawny's remaining dress and
     ripped it from her body, then in a single movement
     jerked her pantihose, half-slip, and panties down her
     legs leaving them in a pile at her ankles.
          "Get them off bitch! Nothing but your shoes left
     on that sexy pussy-wimp body."  Tawny turned away from
     the gathered crowd and removed the garments and put her
     shoes back on, covering her breasts with one arm and
     her crotch with the other as she trembled before her
     boss.  This was not sufficient for Mr. Petry, who
     jerked both of her hands behind her and used her panty
     hose to tie them behind her.  He then turned her to
     face the crowd and pointed out her atrophied genitals
     and with a flick of his finger, cause her little penis
     to flip out and back against her tiny ball sack.  Tawny
     was in tears, and trembling uncontrollably.
          "Please, please Mr. Petry, don't do this,  . . .
     I, I've never done anything to deserve this . . . "
          (Crack! Crack!) He slapped her hard across the
     face both forehand and backhand.  "Shut up you cunt,
     you lured my boyfriend away, THAT is sufficient reason
     for ANYTHING I choose to do to you.  NOW GET OUT OF
     HERE!"
          Mr. Petry immediately grabbed Tawny by the upper
     arm and guided her toward the fire escape door of the
     club and opening it with one hand, shoved her out into
     the dark alley behind the club with the other.
          The club was now dead silent, so no one had any
     trouble hearing Mr. Petry when he called to the doorman
     and ordered him to allow no one but executives to leave
     the club for one hour, then directed the band to start
     playing again and a new round of drinks to be delivered
     to his table.  The customers were stunned, and no one
     even thought of trying to help Tawny out in the alley.
     Not with a lunatic executive in front of them inside.
          Jim polished the bar as Andy mixed the ordered
     drinks for the executive table and a couple of workers
     helped the tall blond exec. back to his table, placing
     him in the chair beside the executive who claimed to be
     his consort.
          Outside, Tawny found herself in a cold, damp and
     dark alley and stood with her back to the cold brick of
     the building trembling with fear and trying to figure
     out what to do.  She struggled against her bonds but
     without success.  However, he had tied them, she was
     not going to get untied by herself.  "Better to try to
     get home like this," she thought, "than go back in
     there for help."     With this thought in mind, Tawny
     slowly worked her way down along the building, acutely
     aware of her jiggling breasts and the exposed tiny
     member between her legs.
          At the intersecting alley, Tawny pressed herself
     against the wall and sneaked a look around the corner
     of the building.  "Ouch!" she cried as her sensitive
     breasts brushed the rough brick, then panicked that
     someone might have heard her.  No one was in sight so
     Tawny looked to see which street the alley lead too, to
     figure out her location.  After some thought, she
     decided that the street she could see was the one in
     front of the club, so if she continued down this alley,
     it would lead her in the right direction.  As quietly
     as possible, Tawny moved down the alley, crossing alley
     after alley until after nine blocks, she was facing a
     major street ahead.  On her knees, peering from behind
     a dumpster, Tawny tried to see how heavy the traffic
     was, and to her chagrin, it was VERY heavy; "No dice,"
     she muttered to herself, "I'll have to find another
     way."    Backtracking to the last alley, she now moved
     South at a ninety degree angle from her original path,
     until at last, she came to a dead end some eleven
     blocks from her starting point.  It was the college
     campus, and like most campuses in all ages, was heavily
     landscaped with lots of "natural" areas for
     "contemplation."
          "Just what I need!" she whispered and immediately
     started through the campus, moving from bush to bush
     and tree to tree, ducking for cover any time she heard
     voices.  Half way across the campus, while moving along
     the side of the stadium, the dove through an open door
     when she heard three or four men approaching.  Huddling
     against a wall, behind some boxes, the trembled both
     from the cold and fear as the voices came closer, then
     receded.  The light coming through the doorway provided
     enough illumination for Tawny to see she was in a
     training room, with rows of tables and medical
     equipment of various types.  On one of the tables was a
     large pair of scissors, which Tawny immediately moved
     toward.  She had to sit on the table to get her hands
     on them, but was then quickly able to cut the pantihose
     from her bound hands, freeing them.  Again she heard
     voices approaching and noting a door at the side of the
     room, reached in hopes that it might be unlocked, the
     knob was frozen, but the door was unlocked and just as
     Tawny closed it behind her, the lights came on in the
     training room.  Voices were coming from everywhere,
     obviously, one of the school teams had just finished
     whatever game they had played and were returning.
     Tawny dug as deeply as possible into the stacked
     cardboard boxes until she reached the back wall of the
     small supply closet, then sat on the floor with her
     knees pulled tightly against her breasts and her arms
     holding them in place.
          After what seemed like hours, the voices
     diminished and the light coming under the door went out
     as she heard the outer door lock click.  Tawny waited,
     counting to herself until she reached 500, then moved
     from her hideout and listened at the door.  "All gone,
     now where's the light?"  After a couple of minutes, she
     found the switch and the light blinded her when it
     winked on, having been in darkness for the past couple
     of hours.  Tawny, then started going through the boxes,
     trying to find ANYTHING she could cover herself with
     for the remaining trip home.  Most of the boxes were
     full of medical supplies, tape, lotions, etc. but
     against the back wall at the very bottom of the pile
     was a large box marked "Uniforms."  Seeing it, Tawny
     jumped past the remaining boxes and dug out the big
     one.  Opening the lid, she gave a squeal of glee, when
     on top was a white sweater emblazoned with the school
     logo.  When she picked up the garment however, it fell
     apart.
          "God! These must be a hundred years old!"
          Being considerably more careful, Tawny removed a
     dozen sweaters from the box and below them found short
     skirts that matched the sweaters.  After, they were
     retrieved, she slowly inspected each garment, trying to
     find at least one of each that was usable.  All of the
     sweaters had been moth eaten, but one had only a couple
     of holes in it and seemed to be about the right size,
     so she carefully put it on.  The sweater fit tight and
     only came down to just above her belly button, but at
     least it was something.  She had better luck with the
     skirts, three fit and all were made of some synthetic
     material, so the moths hadn't eaten them up.  The only
     problem with the skirts was that they just BARELY
     covered her bottom!  No other clothing could be found
     in the room, so this was the best she was going to get.
     Unfortunately, since all college students were now,
     "male" these antiques had not been used in at least
     forty-three years.
          Still without suitable shoes, Tawny had to wear
     her high heels, and noted as she walked through the
     training room, that they caused her hips to sway enough
     to flip the skirt with each step, no doubt flashing her
     backside to anyone with the proper angle of view.
     "Better than the way I was, NUDE!" she thought and
     peeked through the door before venturing out and
     closing it behind her.  Although somewhat covered,
     Tawny moved cautiously through the campus, hiding at
     every voice until she reached the far side.  She was
     now only 2 miles from home, but between here and there
     was the Labor Ghetto.
          Tawny had no more than crossed the street when a
     group of teenage boys started following her as she
     moved to quickly cross this area of town.  Her speed
     however, made her skirt swing and the flash of her firm
     buns made the boys even more interested than before.
     The labor housing area was the only area of the city
     that supported the world's oldest profession, since it
     was the only area where the citizens couldn't order
     some one lower status to provide any service desired.
     The boy's cat calls suggested that they thought she was
     a labor class hooker, and given the combination of high
     heels, short skirt, and no panties, Tawny could see how
     they might have mistaken her for one of them.
     Regardless, Tawny had no intention of stopping and
     correcting them, she just wanted to get home as soon as
     possible.  Suddenly, a hand grabbed her shoulder and
     stopped her dead in her tracks, as she turned, her eyes
     grew wide as she came face to face with a large teenage
     boy, about sixteen who was her own height but had at
     least 50 lbs. more muscle than her thin frame.
          "What's your hurry baby?" "Don't you want to party
     with us?"
          "Uh, I think you've made a mistake." Tawny
     replied.
          "I don't think so, sweetheart," and Tawny felt a
     hand caress her ass cheek, while the boy in front of
     her reached out and squeezed her left breast.
          "Stop that you little shit!" as she knocked his
     hand from her chest and swatted the area behind her.
     This brought roaring laughter from the group of five
     boys.
          "I'm not one of your low life hookers, I'm a
     WORKER CITIZEN, now get AWAY from me!"
          The boy stopped only momentarily at her revelation
     of her status, then reached out with his right hand and
     closed it around her slim neck, choking her as he
     pulled her forward and kissed her full on the mouth,
     forcing his tongue deeply between her luscious lips.
          "I don't care what you are BITCH, I can't go any
     lower than I already am, and I WANT SOME PUSSY, and YOU
     are going to provide it, or your DEAD MEAT!  Do I make
     myself CLEAR?"   The young man then grabbed the front
     of her sweater and pulled it upward, but instead of it
     lifting as he intended, it fell apart, only the sleeves
     remaining.
          "No Don't, Please Don't!"
          Tawny was now bare to the waist and hands were all
     over her, from all directions, as she attempted to swat
     them away.  One of the boys behind her, grabbed her
     around her arms, pinning them to her sides and she was
     quickly moved into an alley as the boys centered her in
     their group.  When out of sight from the street, they
     stopped and the large boy slapped her across the face
     (CRACK!),
          "Shut up BITCH!" Tawny recoiled from the hard
     slap, and tears flowed freely down her face.  "Strip
     her."  Without discussion, one of the boys grabbed the
     waistband of her skirt and pulled, and like the
     sweater, the garment fell apart.  The boys were now
     faced with something they WEREN'T expecting.  A
     miniature cock and balls on a beautiful woman!
          "What the FUCK!  It's a GOD DAMN GUY!  You know I
     heard that some of the workers were guys who were shot
     full of hormones to look like women, but I never
     believed it . . .  A FUCKIN PUSSY WIMP GUY!  Son-of-a-
     bitch."
          The large boy was not deterred by the new
     situation, however, "I don't care WHAT IT is, IT looks
     enough like a woman to me, and I still want some PUSSY!
     But since you don't have one, I guess I'll have to
     settle for a blowjob."
          "Please, please don't make me do this, you'll get
     in serious trouble." Tawny pleaded as she was forced to
     her knees in front of the large boy, who quickly
     unzipped his orange jumpsuit and pressed his hard-on at
     her face.  Her answer to her pleading was a sharp slap
     to the side of her head, as he then grabbed her hair
     and pulled her head forward.
          "Suck me bitch, and do it REAL good, if you want
     to make it out of here alive."
          Tawny, took a deep breath and accepted the
     inevitable.  Four years of sucking off her twin brother
     and his friends and three years of blowjobs for execu-
     tives and made her a pro at oral sex.  Tawny opened her
     mouth wide and inhaled the young cock, working it over
     with her tongue and providing suction on every stroke
     in and out, relaxing her throat so that he could
     penetrate full length.  It only took a couple of
     minutes for the inexperienced boy to cum, and Tawny
     sucked him dry.  Meanwhile, her breasts were squeezed
     and her body caressed by the other boys who cheered her
     on and applauded her performance.  They then lined up
     and Tawny sucked each to a climax, then found them
     coming back for seconds.  After ten blowjobs, Tawny's
     jaw was getting sore, but only one of them was really
     large, most were small or at least small in diameter.
     After the second round, the large boy kissed her on the
     cheek and helped her to her feet.
          Each of the boys, then came forward and gave her a
     hug and a peck on the cheek, thanking her, a couple
     were so young she had to bend forward so they could
     reach her with their mouths.
          "Now where are you going, honey, we'll escort you
     as far as we can so you won't get into more problems,"
     the oldest said.
          "168th Street"
          "Damn, that's all the way across the sector!
     We're going to have to get you something to wear.
     Joey, go get a jumpsuit and bring it back here, we
     can't take her ten blocks in the nude."
          "You got it Brian, be back in a flash."


          Shortly, Tawny was provided an orange jumpsuit,
     which was at least two sizes too small and she could
     not fully close the zipper, but for the first time in
     ages she felt covered.  The boys escorted her to the
     boundary of the sector and each gave her another kiss
     before letting her go her way.  Tawny didn't like
     kissing the boys, they smelled, but what the hell, she
     had given them each a much more intimate kiss, hadn't
     she?
          Two blocks from home and moving in the right
     direction . . .  one block to go just around the corner
     . . .  "Hey what are you doing in this neighborhood?"
          "Hey you . . .  You in the orange jumpsuit! ...
     What the hell are you doing in this neighborhood?"
          (Wham!) A nightstick struck Tawny on the back of
     her left knee, dropping her to the pavement.
          "What are you deaf or something? I asked what you
     are doing in this neighborhood 'Laborer'?"
          "What?  Oh, I'm sorry officer, I didn't realize
     you were talking to me, this, this jumpsuit is
     borrowed, I live here, SIR." Tawny replied as she
     rubbed the back of her leg where the stick had
     impacted.  No use complaining, officers were at the
     least Tech's so they could do what they wanted.
          "You expect me to believe that, LABORER, a worker
     wouldn't be caught dead in a labor suit."
          "Well, sir, it was either this or travel ten
     blocks through labor sector NAKED!" Tawny was getting
     pissed.
          "You mean you walked all the way through there?"
          "All ten blocks sir, and not without some
     difficulty."
          "I don't believe it, you MUST be a laborer."
          "Sir, have you ever seen a 'Transsexual-Laborer'?"
          "There is no such thing.  'Trans's." are Worker
     and above ONLY!"
          "Then this will prove I don't belong in this
     jumpsuit." Without further comment, Tawny unzipped the
     front of her jumpsuit and lowered it until the officer
     could see both her breasts and her genitals, after she
     was sure he had seen, she quickly zipped the garment
     back up.
          "Well Miss, I guess you've made your point, but I
     will need to search you for contraband.  There has been
     considerable smuggling of narcotics from the Labor to
     Worker Sector and right now you're a prime suspect."
          "Do you have to do it here?"
          "No, where is your apartment?"
          "Just down the street.  Please follow me."
          The two quickly walked down the street and up to
     Tawny's apartment, once inside, the officer stood
     blocking the door.
          "Ok Miss, strip, and hand your clothing to me
     after you remove it."
     He said in a stern and official sounding voice.
          "Yes Sir," she replied as she hastened to remove
     the jumpsuit and her shoes, now standing completely
     nude before the officer who was looking through the
     pockets of the jumpsuit, then inspected each shoe.
          Moving to in front of her, he directed her to open
     her mouth and then used his flashlight to look inside,
     finding nothing, she was directed to bend over and
     spread her cheeks.  She could hear the snap as he
     placed a rubber glove on his hand, and knew that he
     intended to make a digital examination.  "Argh!" she
     cried as his finger roughly penetrated her back door
     and then moved about inside.  As abruptly as it
     started, it was over and his finger removed.
          "You got a nice tight little pussy-ass there girl;
     I think I better probe it deeper."  The officer shoved
     Tawny forward so that she was bent over the end of her
     sofa, then she heard, a zipper sound and KNEW just how
     he planed to probe her backside.  Without warning, she
     felt his huge cock pressing against her tight little
     hole, and she made a concerned effort to relax, to
     avoid as much pain as possible.  Since, the only lube
     being used was the little left from his gloved exam, it
     still hurt quite a bit.  He shoved with steady
     pressure, and soon was all the way into her, then
     started a slow stroking in and out.  Tawny was no
     virgin and her tunnel soon adapted to his meat without
     any trouble, and she felt her own little cock
     responding to the friction against her prostate gland.
     He moved with him and was soon meeting him stroke for
     stroke and just as she was about to climax, felt him
     shoot into her ass.  Unfortunately, Tawny did not cum,
     and he was done, his shrinking cock was already sliding
     out of her.  "Shit!"
          "Ok Miss, that will be all, but I must warn you to
     stay out of that sector, a pretty 'trans.' like you
     could get raped in there."
          "Yes Sir, I certainly will Sir, I had no intention
     of going there in the first place, Sir."
          "Thank you, Miss, Have a good night." And he was
     gone.
          "Tawny's little 3" cock deflated, with the
     stopping of friction on her prostate, and no matter how
     much she rubbed it, it wouldn't get hard again.  Once
     again, Tawny decided that a bath was the solution
     needed for her abused body and headed for the big tub
     where she spent the rest of the evening.  After the
     bath and a bite to eat, Tawny went to bed for some much
     needed sleep, this had been a VERY long and trying day.
          The lights came on and blinded Tawny as four sets
     of hands pressed her into the mattress.  One holding
     her legs, another her left arm and someone else was
     choking her and at the same time slapping her face.
          "Wake up!  Wake UP you little cunt!"  (Crack!
     Crack!)
          "Wha . . .  What,  . . .  Who?"
          "Roll the Bitch over, so I can cuff her."
     Immediately, Tawny was turned onto her stomach, still
     unable to comprehend what was happening, in her sleepy
     state, nor who was doing it.
          (Snap,  Snap)  and Tawny could feel cold steel
     surrounding each wrist, as her shoulders protested
     having been wrenched behind her back.  At the same
     time, she felt something cold being placed around her
     left ankle (Snap), then the right (Snap) each proceeded
     by a ratchet sound.  The baby-doll nighty she was
     wearing was ripped from her body and the hands at
     either end of her body held her firmly down, one at the
     legs and the other pushing on her head and shoulders.
     The bed sank on one side, then suddenly, someone was
     sitting on her back and had grabbed her hair and was
     pulling her head backward.
          "Ahhh!  Please, your hurting me, I'll do whatever
     you want,  . . .  Just PLEASE don't hurt me," the
     terrorized girl pleaded.
          No one answered, but a blindfold was placed over
     her eyes, tied, then her head again forced down into
     the pillows.
          "Hold her down.  I'm going to teach this cunt a
     lesson she will never forget!"  Tawny finally
     recognized the voice, it was Mr. Petry!  'Son-of-a-
     Bitch, isn't this guy done with me yet?  Who was with
     him?  How did they get into my apartment?' She thought.
          (Whoosh - Crack!  Whoosh - Crack!)  "GOD! PLEASE
     HELP ME!"  Tawny cried as some kind of belt or strap
     rained stroke after stroke of pure fire onto her tender
     behind.  Tawny, tried to maintain control, but by
     twenty-five strokes was reduced to a mass of trembling,
     crying, blubber, her rear end was on fire and the blows
     just kept coming.  Her tormentor seeming to be
     tireless, Tawny lost count somewhere around
     seventy-five and passed out at what had to have been
     100, unable to feel anything other than searing pain
     from seventy-five on out.
          Tawny was revived by a bucket of ice water, then
     roughly pulled to her feet, shivering from the shock,
     pain and fear.  One of the attackers was holding her
     shoulders from behind and from the noises, she could
     tell that the others were standing in front of her.
          (Crack!) A blow with an open hand left its imprint
     on the outside edge of her left breast.  Tawny screamed
     but it did no good.
          "Wake Up CUNT!  Your night has just BEGUN and I
     want you to remember every minute of it!"  "Tie her to
     that chair, it's time for her haircut."
          Tawny was forced over to a chair, the steel cuffs
     on her ankles biting into her flesh with each step,
     then roughly shoved downward until seated.  A Course
     rope was then looped around her torso holding her
     there.  Tawny could hear the sound of someone playing
     with a pair of scissors as the blades scraped each
     other in anticipation.  Then without warning, a handful
     of hair was pulled out from the side of her head and
     the sound of the scissors was right beside her ear.
     The process was repeated over and over, usually with
     the scissors laying right against her scalp.  Tawny
     knew her beautiful long hair was being sheared and
     cried, but could do nothing to stop them.
          A collar of some sort was placed around her neck
     and cinched tight, but not so tight that she couldn't
     breathe and she heard the snap, and felt the tug when
     something was attached to it.  The rope binding her to
     the chair was removed and again she was roughly jerked
     to her feet, only this time someone was also lifting
     her by the collar around her slim neck.
          "Stand still and spread your legs," Mr. Petry
     ordered, Tawny still trembling, complied until her legs
     reached the limits of the chain connecting the metal
     bands on her ankles.  A small hand roughly grabbed her
     genitals and pulled them outward from her body and a
     band of some sort was placed under and over them,
     holding them out from her body.  (Snap) Again a leash
     was attached and a preliminary tug almost pulled her
     off balance, as her tormentor tested to see that it was
     secure.
          "How . . .  How did you get into my apartment?"
     Tawny almost whispered.
          (Crack!) Her right breast was struck with a
     leather strap creating an electric charge of pain to
     shoot immediately from the impact area.
          "Shut Up Bitch!  You will not talk unless told to
     do so, but in this case, I'll answer your question;
     only, because you are so stupid.  Executive I.D. cards
     open all accesses set by lower classifications,
     regardless of location.  I can come into ANY area you
     lock ANY TIME I WANT!  Now we are going to a party, and
     YOU will be the MAIN entertainment, and if you are VERY
     good girl, you MIGHT even survive it with a minimum of
     permanent damage.  NOW FOLLOW ME!"
          "Ahhh!"  Tawny screamed as her body was pulled
     forward by the strap on her groin, and the metal cuffs
     on her legs bit flesh as she tried to keep up with the
     pulled flesh of her remaining sex.  Whenever, she moved
     too slowly, she was rewarded with a punch in the lower
     back or a lash across her upper thighs.  From the
     sounds and estimated distance between turns, Tawny knew
     she was being lead down the hallway of her apartment,
     into the elevator, through the lobby and now outside
     into the cold night air.  Apparently they passed a
     number of people along the way, as Mr. Petry told them
     to get out of the way and many laughs and jeers were
     heard concerning her appearance, her small bound cock
     and her current situation.
          Outside, she was made to stand on the street as
     many vehicles and d, pedestrians passed, her wet body
     shivering in the cold night air; but a curious change
     started coming over her as she heard the cat calls and
     crude comments.  She was PROUD of her body and wasn't
     ashamed anymore for people to see it nude.  True, this
     was not of her choice, she was a slave created by the
     system; but she was still a person.  They could beat
     her, rape her, degrade her, but nothing they could do
     could destroy her inner-self; the true TAWNY!  They
     could only work on and abuse the exterior Tawny.  This
     realization made her stand tall and proud against the
     cheers and jeers directed at her and she smiled to
     herself that this was a result of her being MORE of a
     WOMAN than that little shit Mr. Petry.
          After a while, she was shoved into a vehicle and
     fell onto the floor trying to get in; the shackles not
     allowing her feet to step up into the vehicle.  She was
     told to stay on the floor and complied as they took her
     through a winding course, to where; she had no idea.
     When the vehicle finally stopped, she was pulled out by
     her cock and neck and again lead into a building, up an
     elevator, and at last into a heated room.  Loud voices
     were heard as they passed into the room, followed by
     complete silence.
          "Good evening Gentlemen!  I would like to
     introduce my SLAVE to you.  This little CUNT is Tawny,
     who made the mistake of trying to take my boyfriend
     away earlier this evening.  As you can see, she was not
     entirely successful and has been punished for her sin.
     However, since she seems to prefer Executive cocks, I
     thought she just might add a minor attraction to our
     little get together.  Any of you who feel so inclined,
     are welcome to use my little Missy Toy for relief of
     your frustrations, whatever they may be or however you
     may choose."
          Tawny was lead further into the room and could
     hear a number of voices commenting on her body.  Most
     were comments of appreciation of her firm breasts, long
     legs, and firm behind, even though it was currently
     criss-crossed by red welts from the strapping she had
     received.  The comments, made her happy and proud and
     she stood straight under the gazes of she didn't know
     how many people's eyes.  Then hands were all over her,
     feeling, probing, and caressing her flesh.  Over the
     next several hours, Tawny sucked cocks, ate pussies,
     licked asses, was repeatedly sodomized, yet through it
     all, mentally she told herself that she was the best
     WOMAN in the place.  That's why they had sex with her
     rather than with each other!
          When she was finally dumped on the pavement in
     front of her apartment building, Tawny was covered with
     cum juice from both sexes.  Cum dripped from her
     asshole and was smeared across her face and breasts.
     The sun was high and the street crowded, but Tawny
     walked erect, clad in only a leather-like collar and
     leather-like strap still attached to her genitals.
     Making no attempt to cover her nakedness, she proudly
     strode through the lobby and into the elevator,
     returning to her apartment.  Inside, she had five stiff
     drinks to allay the pain still radiating from her
     bruised backside.  Then tried to remove the collar from
     her neck, but found that the metal studs which closed
     it had no visible means of removal.  She then inspected
     the strap around her cock and balls and again found no
     visible means of removing the locking studs of the
     device.  Getting a pair of scissors, she gently tried
     to cut the strap from her groin, but found that
     whatever it was made of, it could not be cut.  The
     scissors didn't even make a mark on the material.  With
     resignation, she drew a bath and then fell asleep in
     the deep hot tub.
          Tawny awoke in the water, which was now cool and
     slowly got up, feeling pain from every part of her
     body.  Standing before the mirror, she inspected the
     damage and found black and blue bruises on both her
     arms, thighs, back and her ass covered with
     crimson/black/blue stripes from the beating.  Her hair
     was a disaster, hacked in all directions, some parts as
     long as six inches, others cut to less than half an
     inch.  As Tawny looked at the results, she finally
     broke down and dropped to her knees crying at the loss
     of her beautiful hair and fuming with hate at the
     person who had done this to her.
          At a total loss for what to do, she activated her
     household vidphone, with the video turned off and
     called Jeri, who lived two floors lower in the
     building.  Jeri was another transsexual-worker and one
     of her best friends.
          "Hello?"
          "Jeri?... Uh, this is Tawny . . . "
          "Hi Girl!... Uh, Why can't I see you?"
          "I've . . .  I've got the vid turned off . . .
     Uh, could you come up here . . .  I'm . . .  I'm in bad
     trouble, and, and I, I, need your help . . . "
          "God Girl!, You sound terrible, what the hell is
     wrong?"
          "I, I can't talk about it, just come up here,
     PLEASE!"
          "I'm on my way Honey, just sit tight, I'll be
     right there."
          Five minutes later, the computer announced the
     presence of a visitor requesting admission.  "Is it
     Jeri?"
          "Yes Miss Tawny," replied the mechanical voice.
          "Admit her."
          When Jeri entered the apartment, she found Tawny
     sitting on the sofa with her legs pulled up against her
     chest, arms tightly held around her knees crying.  Her
     hair was butchered, whacked off at odd angles and a
     black band was visible around her neck with a silver
     ring at the base of her throat.  Tawny was wearing a
     short light pink silk robe, but bruises were clearly
     visible on both wrists and ankles.
          "What the HELL HAPPENED TO YOU?"  The little
     blonde asked.
          Tawny, unable to respond verbally, instead rose
     and as her friend came within reach, quickly grabbed
     hold of the smaller girl and hugged her with all her
     strength.  Tears flowed down her cheeks as wave after
     wave of shudders passed through her.  After several
     minutes, the mental floodgates opened and she told Jeri
     the whole story starting with the office encounter up
     through being dumped nude outside the apartment
     building.  Jeri stroked Tawny's body, neck, shoulders
     and head throughout the story, crying along with the
     bigger girl, trying to comfort her.
          "Tawny baby, we've got to get you out of here and
     hide you somewhere for a while, but first we're going
     to have to do something about your looks before you can
     even go outside."  Jeri helped her get dressed in a
     running suit, then took her up two floors to another
     friend's apartment.  Bobbie used a pair of barber
     shears to try and even out the butchered hair, with the
     end result, however, looking like a man's haircut.
     This looked out of place on Tawny's obviously womanly
     body but was the best they could do.  Bobbie also tried
     to remove the collar and cock strap, but without
     success.  Whatever they were made of, they could not be
     cut with normal household cutting tools.
          "Now, where can we hide you?"  Asked Jeri, when
     they had returned to Tawny's apartment.
          "I, I don't know . . .  Mr. Petry knows all about
     all of my friends . . .  Wait a minute, how about Jim?"
          "Who's Jim?"
          "The bartender over at the club . . .  He's
     perfect!  If you didn't know about him, neither will
     anyone else from the office!"  Moving to the vidphone,
     Tawny called Jim, waking him from his sleep, the video
     was blank from his end.
          "Hello . . .  it's Tawny . . .  I, I need your
     help."
          "Christ girl!  What happened to you?"
          "I'll, tell . . .  tell you about it later, can I
     come over to your place?  I, I need to hide out for a
     couple of days."
          "You bet sweetheart, I assume this has to do with
     what happened at the club last night.  I'll send
     someone to meet you and bring you here.  The 'suits'
     can recall phone conversations from the computers but
     not to where the call was made, so I don't want to give
     my address.  Give me yours, then be ready to go in
     twenty minutes . . .  Understand?"
          "Uh, yes . . .  I live at Empire Tower, and will
     be in front of the building."
          The connection was broken and Tawny, immediately
     threw some clothes into a bag and dressed in a bulky
     cotton turtleneck sweater and denim skirt with skimmers
     and a big floppy hat to cover her now short hair.  Then
     giving Jeri a big hug and kiss, thanked her friend for
     her help and told her to forget anything she had heard
     and proceeded down to the front of the building.  Just
     after she arrived, a robocab pulled to the stop in
     front of the building and opened it's door.
          "Please get in Miss Tawny, I am here to transport
     you," came a male voice from within.  Tawny leaned
     inside and saw Jim sitting on the seat.  She started to
     say something, when he placed a finger over his lips
     signaling her not to talk, then pointed to the
     microphone located in the corner of the roof.  Telling
     the cab to go to a subway station, they sat silent as
     the cab proceeded on it's way.
