               Tour de Force -  Erotic Adventures #0011
                            "Nasty Shocks"
                              By: Julie

    I was so sure that my husband would never stray that I actually 
made a bet with my best friend Emma.  She's a born cock-teaser with 
all the right physical attributes and men flock around her like bees 
around honey.  However Paul, my husband, never showed the least 
interest in her.
    She invited Paul round, I've never discovered how she persuaded 
him to visit her.  I was hidden in the den from where I could see 
anything that happened in the lounge.
    We had about an hour to wait before my husband was due to call, 
and she took the opportunity to change into a long, flowing negligee 
which was very feminine and completely see-through.  She was naked 
beneath this single garment: it was the first time I'd seen her body 
almost naked and it was very voluptuous, as if made for lovemaking.
    Paul arrived exactly on time and they moved into the comfortable 
living room where she poured drinks before seating herself next to 
him on the broad, soft sofa.  She made a point of not rushing 
things, waiting for him to make the first move.
    They were on the second round of very generous measures of 
drinks, when I got the nastiest shock of my life.
    Paul's arm snaked slowly around her bosom so that his right hand 
could cup her firm young breast.  She responded by loosening his tie 
and running her hand across his chest in a tempting, massage-like 
caress that quickened his breathing and created an obvious stir in 
the area of his crotch!
    She'd won the bet!  I should have rushed in and conceded defeat, 
but a masochistic streak kept me where I was to see how far she'd 
go.  Things moved pretty quickly after that.  He helped her out of 
her negligee, and she deftly removed his trousers and underpants.  
Soon I was sitting on the edge of my chair, watching intently as my 
husband lay naked on his back on the sofa, while she knelt before 
him on the thick pile of the carpet and lavished her tongue on his 
very hard and very erect cock.
    Within moments, I could tell that the bitch really enjoyed her 
work.  From where I was sitting, I could see that her cunt lips were 
splayed wide apart and were literally dripping wet from her love 
cream.  And her nipples had begun to stand out like rosy berries; 
hard and swollen with desire; her tongue caressing the rigid shaft 
as if she were worshipping his phallus.  It stroked slowly and 
lasciviously up and down his rampant cock, licking and exciting him 
until he was moaning loudly in his delight.
    Then she transferred her attention to the upper region of his 
prick, drawing back on the foreskin and licking at the single dark 
eye at the center of his glans.  Her tongue traced a line around the 
rim of his bulbous prick-head and flicked playfully at the arrowhead 
until, at last, she closed her lips around the circumference of his 
shaft and sucked it lovingly into her mouth; swallowing every last 
inch of it's length.
    I watched in fascination as her head began to bob up and down in 
his crotch as she sucked on his hard cock; thrusting the stiff flesh 
again and again into her velvet-soft mouth, deeply and lingeringly, 
while he writhed and twisted under her expert manipulations.
    I thought that he was certain to cream into her mouth, but just 
as it seemed he was about to shoot his hot jism down her throat, she 
raised her head breathlessly and allowed him some time to recover.  
And only when she was sure that he'd controlled himself did she 
continue.....

    She climbed up onto the sofa and positioned herself, legs 
astride, above his vibrant weapon.  Then she reached between her 
legs and took his cock firmly in her hand.  She rubbed the tip of 
his prick - which now leaked a tiny stream of glistening white 
precum - up and down the length of her creamy love slit; almost as 
if she was masturbating herself with his rod.  And this impression 
was heightened by the way she kept rubbing his prick hotly against 
her throbbing clitoris - which now showed prominently at the apex of 
her cunt lips.
    The poor man beneath her was going mad with desire, begging to 
be allowed to fuck her, but she was not to be hurried!
    Only when She was ready did she glide his cock into her gasping 
quim and lower herself down onto it.
    The breath caught in my throat as I watched her cunt opening up 
widely to accept his shaft.  The lovely pink lips of her pussy 
parted and wrapped around the hardness of his erection as, inch by 
inch his rock-hard cock disappeared into her tightly stretched hole 
until only his balls remained visible.
    My heart sank as I watched her cunt lips nestle in my husbands 
pubic hair.  I'd probably underestimated her allure and probably had 
taken his faithfulness for granted.  At the same time a strange 
sort of excitement began to fill my body.
    She began to raise her body up and down so that his prick was 
drawn repeatedly in and out of her pussy.
    I'd never watched a couple making love before, not even in a 
'blue' movie, and the spectacle was really turning me on!  Without 
consciously realizing what I was doing, I found that I'd slid one 
hand up beneath my dress and was fingering the warm, damp crotch of 
my panties.  My nipples felt hard and swollen; very uncomfortable in 
the clinging constraint of my bra.
    I began to feel very jealous of them.  They were so obviously 
enjoying themselves just a few feet from me.
    Why should I just watch and pine?  It was to late for 
recriminations so why shouldn't I join them?
    The next moment, I was on my feet and frantically stripping off 
my clothes.  She saw what I was doing and smiled, then beckoned me 
over to join them.
    I approached her from the rear, lowering myself between his open 
legs so I had a better, much more intimate view of his cock as it 
drove strongly in and out of the girl's cunt.  His cock was 
glistening with her love juice, and I could see trickles of the 
sticky fluid washing down over his balls.
    Just then my husband saw me and instead of expressing shock and 
horror he smiled at me lovingly.  Strange!
    Excitedly, I licked at their joined bodies as her bottom bounced 
up and down just inches above my face.  Her cunt juice tasted warm 
and spicy, and there was a strong intoxication smell of sex coming 
from both of them which thrilled me beyond belief.
    I allowed my tongue to move away from the prick to lap at the 
open pussy lips, then travel along the narrow ridge between her legs 
and into the cleft of her ass cheeks.  My hands pulled at the two 
halves of her bum, spreading them widely apart until I could see the 
tight pink hole of her anus, and I moved my tongue so it could play 
over the puckered rim of her exciting rear entrance.
    Her reaction was immediate and unexpected.  Her whole body 
shook.  Her back arched and she threw back her head, giving a 
strangled scream of pleasure as her cunt began to contract in 
rhythmic, convulsive pulses; milking irresistibly at the prick that 
was imprisoned deeply within her pussy.  

    She came off to a shuddering climax, and the reflex action of her 
cunt quickly brought him to his orgasm.
    I watched his balls twitching as the sperm rose up his shaft to 
flood in long, squirting jets into her cunt...
    After a few moments, his cock began to lose it's rigidity.  Soon 
it fell limp and lifeless from the open yearning pussy.  She climbed 
off the sofa and knelt by my side; then, taking the flaccid shaft of 
my husbands cock in her hand, she urged my mouth down into his 
groin, wiping the tip of his orgasm against my lips.  It was still 
smeary wet from the combination of spunk and her love-juice and it 
tasted delicious!
    I opened my mouth and took it between my lips, sucking and 
licking on the male flesh for all I was worth.  And after a few 
minutes my efforts were rewarded, as the slack cock began to grow.  
It expanded and lengthened in my mouth as blood once more filled the 
erectile tissue and my mouth was soon completely filled with a 
virile, throbbing cock.
    I wanted to suck him until he'd filled my mouth with his come, 
but I also yearned to have his hard cock pumping into my pussy.  As 
my husband had already climaxed, I doubted very much if he could 
satisfy both of these needs!  So I had to choose the one I craved 
most....
    I decided that, above all, I needed a really good fucking.
    Twisting my body around so I was facing towards Paul's feet, I 
straddled his body and allowed Emma to guide his tool to my waiting, 
dripping cunt.  It slid inside me, easily and quickly, and I 
thrilled to the sensation of it thrusting deeply into my pussy as 
his hips bucked up and down beneath me.
    I bent forward at the waist, crushing my crotch down to meet his 
thrusts, at the same time bringing my head level with his feet so I 
could kiss them and suck on his toes.  A strange act, but one which 
I knew from experience can have a tremendously exciting effect on a 
man.
    Not to be outdone, Emma seated herself astride Paul's face and 
lowered her come-filled cunt to his waiting mouth.  Soon, I could 
hear delicious slurping noises coming from between her thighs - and 
I imagined his tongue probing into my friend's juicy love tube, 
scooping out and devouring the mixture of jism and cunt juice which 
lay hidden within it's folds.
    Emma was moaning deliriously as he worked upon her with his 
mouth, and her body was twisting and squirming as he hammered his 
cock into my eager pussy.  He groaned in ecstasy as I took his big 
toe into my mouth and sucked gently upon it - with the same 
dedication as if I was sucking his prick!
    I could now feel the spring of my orgasm winding up deep within 
me, and I knew that tonight I was going to enjoy a really powerful 
climax.  But I couldn't begin to imagine just how much I was going 
to enjoy it - not until, a moment later, I felt her hands massaging 
my bum cheeks.  Then his hands joined in, and I felt my ass being 
opened up wide so fingers could explore deeply between the cheeks.
    A male finger played teasingly at the ridge of my anus, and as I 
relaxed the muscles of my sphincter I felt it pushing forward and 
probing into my smallest opening.
    He twisted and poked at my rectum as his prick bored into my 
cunt, and I thought that I must be at the very pinnacle of 
pleasure.  But I was wrong! The finger withdrew, and I felt hot 
breath on my tender flesh.  Female breath....

    She had bent her body and while she kept her pussy pressed 
firmly against his mouth, she used her tongue to explore the tight 
little hole of my anus.  I could feel her moist lips kissing my 
white flesh and her tongue tracing ticklish patterns over my ass 
crack.
    Then, as he splayed my cheeks wide, Emma placed her lips over my 
rear hole and darted her tongue hard into the sensitive little 
orifice.  No one had ever done this to me before - least of all 
another girl!  As her tongue probed further into my anus, her lips 
kissed and sucked at the sensitive outer opening of my bottom, and 
my mind exploded at the unbelievable ecstasy of the experience.
    I climaxed instantly, my whole body quivering and trembling at 
the power of my orgasm.  My cunt contracted convulsively around the 
plunging cock, which was still fucking my pussy in frantic, lunging 
thrusts, and I couldn't suppress a long, loud scream of delight as 
what felt like gallons of hot sticky come spurted into my cunt from 
that beautiful prick.
    After we rested, they told me I'd been the victim of a plot.
    My husband, craving to experience a threesome, had approached 
Emma and that's how I'd been trapped into watching them and joining 
in. 
    What a shock! But it was also the most exciting and enjoyable 
experience I'd ever had.  I can't wait to get more of her steamy hot 
pussy and of my husbands long, hard cock.


