Archive-name: Violent/teachles.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Teacher's Lesson, The


Helen sat alone in the dark of the Porno theater, upstairs in the balcony
where nobody else could see her.  She had been here about half an hour, long
enough to get involved with the full length feature up there on the big
screen.  She had already seen about everything, totally revealed sex up
there, every kind of sex, things that she had done and things that she had
only wanted to try.  Right now, there was a pair up there fucking- a nice
looking blonde woman, with a good figure, who looked something like Helen,
and a short, husky black guy, with a huge erection. That rigid black cock had
already been in this blonde's mouth where she had thoroughly sucked it for
him.  It had been in her hot, humid pussy, and right now was imbedded full
depth in her ass. And from the look on her face, she seemed to be enjoying it
very much.

Helen was also enjoying it very much, the sight of the blonde's anus
stretched around this rigid chocolate cock.  Maybe she had never tried it
that way, but right now she would trade places with the blonde on the screen.
And no question about it, Helen was excited.  She had unhooked her bra
earlier so that she could caress her nipples.  That wasn't enough.  She had
also pulled her panties down, and as the black actor on the screen fucked
away, Helen, with the dildo she brought along, matched him stroke for stroke
in her hot, oily vagina.
 
Helen's problem seemed to begin around Thanksgiving time, when she had a few
days vacation from her job teaching school, and nothing special to do with
it. Her husband was away, as usual, in California on some kind of business or
other, and would not be back for another week or ten days- she didn't really
know, and as a matter of fact, didn't very much care.
 
Really, her problem had begun earlier, some months earlier, when her
relationship with her husband started to go sour.  There was nothing special
that she  could point to, except perhaps that they had been married for seven
years, and maybe he had the seven year itch.  Maybe he had  a girlfriend he
saw during all that time that he spent out of town.  Whatever, he was not
very interesting or very interested either, and not a very exciting lover any
more, that is, when they got around to making love at all rather than fight.
   
She knew that sex was great fun, but it had certainly  not been such great
fun  lately.  Last time while her husband was away on one of his trips, she
had  looked in the window of a local porno shop, on Howard Street, noticed
that there were no customers in the store just then, and there was on the
wall a large display of rubber goods.  She went in, furtively looked at these
dildos, butt pluggers and the like, quickly selected three different ones- a
large pink one, a still larger brown one, and a huge black one, took all
three to the clerk- an interesting looking, husky black guy, who stared at
her with frankly interested eyes- but she shut him up, paid him the money,
and left.
    
It was a short trip home.  As she drove, her thoughts were mixed. She had
never used a dildo before, though she had masturbated plenty of times,
usually with a finger, though sometimes with a wax candle, and now and then
with an unpeeled banana.  She had seen, a few times, some huge carrots in the
local Greek fruit and vegetable store, and now looked for them.  When they
were available, she would take some.  Now, she thought, she had a selection
in rubber, in different sizes and colors.  Maybe these would  offer her
amusement and pleasure- things that she was not really  getting from her
husband.
   
The dildos did work all right, bringing her to repeated heaving orgasms.  She
even tried the smaller one anally, finding that tight, a bit uncomfortable,
but still different and exciting.  No man had ever gone into her that way,
and once she had thought that no man ever would, but now she wasn't so sure.
Maybe it would be fun to try- especially if he was built like this dildo was-
that is, not hung too large.  At Thanksgiving time, though, she was alone,
bored, feeling a strange kind of unknown excitement. In looking at the movie
ads in the   newspaper, she found one that had promise.  It was from a porno
theater nearby, where she had been a couple of times before, always alone.
The ad said that the theater had some new features, some excellent films, and
something that caught her  eye-- the balcony was  now reserved for single
women and couples. She felt suddenly elated.  This was something to do,
something different, something even dangerous that excited her tremendously.
She was going to go, alone, go up in the balcony. Maybe she would  even take
along a dildo- maybe  the smaller one.
  
She dressed casually, wearing a skirt and sweater, low heels. Certainly there
was nothing glamorous about this outfit.  It did nothing to show off her
voluptuous body, her delicious full breasts, exciting thighs, her gorgeous,
shapely behind.  That's ok, she thought,   I'm not trying to show off for
anybody today.
    
She went to the 5PM showing, figuring that on Thanksgiving day that there
would be very few people there, and certainly nobody that she could possibly
know.  She bought a ticket from the cashier, not really noticing who the girl
was sitting there in the booth.  The girl, however, certainly noticed her,
watched her go up the stairs to the balcony, and with a laugh, the cashier
picked up the phone from where it was hanging on a cradle on the wall, right
next to her head.
   
The cashier was named Karen Mills, a senior student at Helen's school.  This
particular student had been in trouble a number of times and had been
befriended by Jim Seymour, the athletic coach. In Jim Seymour's book, he
helped his friends, he regularly fucked his friends, and his friends helped
him.  Once this same Karen had seen Helen in this very theater, and later
that night, while lying under Jim Seymour, his large, virile cock imbedded
full depth in her tight cunt, she had mentioned seeing Helen.  He had ordered
her to keep an eye out for Helen, and if ever again she saw her at the Porno
Theater, that she was immediately to call him.  She got him at home, on the
first call, and he promised that he would be right there to take charge.
  
Helen went upstairs to the balcony, found a seat where there was nobody
close by- only one  couple anywhere near, and they were seated six or seven
rows in front of her. She very  quickly got absorbed in the film, was
immediately excited with the nudity and the sex.  She watched one couple on
the screen making love in the usual way, much oral sex, some anal sex, two
women together, all the things she had thought about but mostly had never
tried.  No question  about it- she got very excited, feeling herself close
to orgasm.
  
She pulled her skirt higher- why not, there was nobody to see, nobody was
paying any attention to her.  Maybe she would take her panties down a bit- so
she did that, too.  And in a second, she had the dildo out of her purse, her
knees raised, her thighs spread, the dildo buried in her squishy, humid
pussy.  That is why, probably, when the flash unit went off, almost in her
face, she was so shocked-- somebody had just taken her picture!!!  Oh my, oh
shit!!! Who??
    
Very quickly she knew who.  She heard a voice, and ugly voice. a voice that
she already knew too well.  It was Jim Seymour, another teacher at the school
where she worked, a macho type who taught PE and coached the basketball team,
a guy with a bad reputation who had made a million passes at Helen, and who
had a habit of fucking around with the young girls- the Sophomore and Junior
girls who were impressed by his large muscles and were not turned off by his
total lack of any brains.  Helen knew that she was going to have major
trouble with Mr. Jim Seymour, though exactly how this would come to pass was
still a mystery.  She quickly pulled the dildo out of her, pulled her panties
up, and looked around.  Now there was nobody to be seen- not another person
was in the balcony, and for a moment she hoped that she had imagined the
whole thing---- but knew in her heart that it wasn't true.
   
Now totally disgusted with herself and a bit afraid as well, she went home.
A bit later the phone rang.  Expecting that it might be Jim Seymour making
his now-expected move, she answered in an icy voice, and sure enough he
responded.  He said, "I have the prettiest picture of you, Honey.  I finally
have seen that gorgeous pussy I have dreamed about for so long.  And now I'm
going to see it in person.  You're going to show it to me in about fifteen
minutes when I ring your doorbell."
  
She was furious with him.  She detested this clown, and told him so.  He
could take the picture and shove it, that he was never going to show it to
anybody because having it would place him in the Porno Show too and
incriminate him.  He answered her with a laugh.  "For that, baby, I'm gonna
ride you rough.  Before I get through with you, I'm going to make you eat
shit!!"
  
At first she was simply angry and excited.  But as time passed she calmed
down, thought through her predicament, decided  that there was not much he
really could do and that hopefully she had nothing much to worry about.  So
when her phone rang again, perhaps an hour later, she was rather shocked to
hear the voice instead of Mrs. Harvey Hudson, the president of her local
School Board, the woman in charge of the discipline review committee for
teachers, the woman who could get her fired from the job she really needed.

Mrs. Harvey Hudson was a force to be reckoned with. And perhaps the reason
she was that force, beyond the fact that she had a large, loud mouth, and was
a major player on the local School Board  was her husband, a fundamentalist
preacher, a religious leader in the community, a large man himself, also with
a loud mouth.  And together the Hudsons, husband and wife, regarded
themselves as the voice of authority in this community in all matters
regarding morals.  They knew that there transgressions aplenty, they knew
that every kind of heinous sin abounded, and that the very leaders of this
town were amongst the largest, most frequent sinners.  Every area of sinning
interested the Hudsons- but nothing so much as sexual transgression,
especially in the deviate area.
   
They knew about the porno theater, and they knew what happened there.  They
made a point of driving past frequently, watching while parked nearby to see
what community leader might sneak in, to see what he (or she) just  might do
there.
   
As a matter of fact, Mr. and Mrs. Harvey Hudson had themselves gone in- a
number of times they had gone in, so that they might see for themselves this
evidence of immorality.  Certainly they did not go in because they had any
interest personally in the filth on the screen- the nudity there, the
perversity, the fucking and sucking. Oh no- No certainly not.  If they
watched,  it was simply to gather evidence against the workings of Satan. If
in watching they got excited themselves, it was to be understood, and a bit
of private masturbation on their part was acceptable as the price they must
pay in order to do the Lord's research.
   
Another thing the Hudson's knew.  That one day, a sinner, a true
transgressor, would be delivered to them for correction.  They would do then
their mission.  They would correct this evil person in ways yet unimagined.
So that same day that Helen went to the porno theater and managed to get
herself photographed by Jim Seymour, that very same evening Jim dropped in on
the Hudsons with the incriminating photo.  He told them that he had gone
there to be vigilant for them, had seen another teacher there, and took THIS
picture.  One look and they knew that Satan's agent had just been delivered
to them for correction- for punishment and training, to have evil totally
purged from her in the fundamental way in which they both believed.
    
That night at home, both rested nude in their large bedroom, thinking about
the Bible and about Helen and about her delicious body.  They looked at the
Polaroid photograph, her knees raised and spread, the dildo inserted in humid
pussy, the obvious approach of orgasm only an instant away.  The Reverend Mr.
Hudson, in his most religious attitude, considered the photograph, considered
the delights shown, and held in his hand his huge, rigid erection, thinking
of a hundred different things that on an inquisitorial basis that he intended
to discover about Helen.  This one was obviously deep into illicit sex.  Well
Harvey Hudson would hear her confession, and suitable penance would be
assigned.  At the thought, he almost went into spontaneous orgasm, his rigid
cock now quivering at the thought  of the delicious, near naked school
teacher , at the delights already exposed in the photograph, and all the rest
that he would surely be seeing and enjoying-- all in the name of saving her
soul, please understand.  Yes, there was a higher purpose in exercising and
exorcising a sinner, and work though it might be, the Hudson's would
willingly participate.

His wife, also nude now, and her legs widespread, her excited pussy sopping
wet, now excited almost beyond redemption at the thought and the prospect,
thrust a searching finger into her moist, squishy femininity and felt the
great joy of a heaving orgasm, brought on by the pleasure of simply thinking
about Helen's capture and training- and of the pleasures that must inevitably
follow.
 
Verna Hudson's call to Helen was simple enough.  She looked at the
photograph, thought about the delicious blonde teacher, thought about the fun
to be had in bringing down this tramp, in reducing her to screaming, and
pleading, in putting bright, flaming red stripes, applied with consummate
skill and delight across her naked behind, in inserting large, painful
devices in her most intimate holes, and doing all this in the name of
religion and repentance, of inquisition and inquiry.  Verna was very excited
at the prospect--- and Helen was frankly terrified.
      
She told Helen that she was looking at a shocking photograph of her-- and
that they needed to talk about it.  They needed to talk about it right away,
like later tonight, like at 9 pm, an hour from now.  Helen was to be ready to
be picked up promptly at 9, that the limousine of Dr. Hudson would pull up at
her front door exactly on time, and that Helen was to step immediately into
the back seat.  Her punctuality was required, was demanded, and any tardiness
on her part would be sternly punished.
     
Helen gasped at that, at hearing about being sternly punished. She had heard
once that Mrs. Hudson had punished a student, a senior girl named Amy Shaw,
who had gotten pregnant, had an abortion, and  returned to school so that she
might graduate. Before being readmitted, she was required to call on Mrs.
Hudson to be lectured. It was a very different lecture from what she
expected.
 
She was compelled to strip stark naked, to confess in great graphic detail
what she had done to get into trouble. The lecture she got included a very
thorough spanking on her  naked behind, applied by the strong right hand of
Mrs. Hudson.  Verna had taken great joy in watching this sexy teen-ager take
off every stitch, looked at the delicious young breasts, the beautiful
bottom.  Soon, Amy was turned up over Verna's lap, sunny-side up.  And she
did get her spanking, applied at first with Verna's bare hand, and then using
Verna's favorite, a sturdy leather razor strop, only 16 inches long, but 3
inches wide, and surprisingly wicked in effect. Verna did an artistic job in
thrashing this naked, teen-aged ass, painting it ten different shades of pink
and red.  That part, Helen had heard.  The whole school had heard about it
somehow.  A select few even got to see the photographs of the delightful
naked Amy that were taken that evening.
     
What Helen had not heard was that Amy's lesson was witnessed by the Reverend
Doctor Hudson, who watched the panties taken off this girl, watched her hands
fastened behind her back with twine, watched the strop frolic in its furious
dance across her upturned bottom, heard her cry when the strop first flashed
across her rump, heard those cries turn into shrieks of agony, heard her beg
for forgiveness and plead to be released.
      
And when Verna had finished with stropping her, tossing the leather down on
the floor and storming out, she left Amy for bigger and better things. The
good Doctor Hudson picked it up and added a few more strokes for emphasis.
And a bit more, for emphasis. Finally, he zipped open his trousers, took out
a monstrous thick cock, separated the exquisite cheeks of Amy's beautiful,
fiery-pink bare ass, thumbed a thick wad of grease into her anus, and
ignoring her cries, her plea for mercy, forced his rigid rod very slowly into
her to full depth.
  
Now, you know that the good Doctor was really not at all interested in sex
with this girl.  You know that his motives lie elsewhere. Yes, the good
Doctor Hudson believed in  religion and education, and was willing to go to
any length to insure that a student was suitably taught, was willing to exert
himself in the name of justice.  And so he fucked her delectably in the ass
after her spanking, knowing that for it she would learn, and eventually be
all the better a person for it.
      
This girl returned to school, but for the first day or two, found it
difficult to sit still- in fact, to sit at all.  The fact that almost the
whole school knew just why she couldn't sit still for a second- that did not
help her state of mind at all. So was justice done.  The Hudsons, husband and
wife, were prepared to consider the case of any sinner, especially if the
sinner was young, female and attractive.  That was the particular style
sinner that interested them most.  A sinning young boy was not of any great
interest to them.  He could be simply kicked out of school for a while as
punishment for all they thought about or cared.  But Helen and her
transgressions, now that was another matter, that was interesting, exciting,
fascinating, exciting.  Yes indeed.  In her case, the Hudsons were prepared
to think about sinning, about crime and punishment.  Helen had provided the
crime, and the Hudsons would provide the punishment.  And would Jim Seymour
be rewarded for bringing this case to their attention?  Why certainly he
would.  He had helped them before.  He had found them another student, one
young but already schooled in anal sex.  Jim had been rewarded. Given the
student's indicated interest in perverse fucking, Jim was allowed to use her
in his own ways, devious though they might be (and exciting to watch, since
the Hudson's had the entire episode on video tape, perhaps as protection in
case somebody might choose to protest).  And of course, speaking of video
tape, the entire episode tonight, the stripping and spanking and training and
punishment of Helen, and ANY specific things that might happen, would ALL be
taped for future study and for reference.
      
In fact, at 9 PM the limousine did arrive at Helen's door.  She did step into
the back seat.  There were two men sitting in the car, one in the driver's
seat whose face could not be seen but might have been Jim Seymour, and of
course, Dr. Hudson, sitting very tall and very strong and erect in the back
seat.  She followed orders, closed the door behind her sitting next to
Hudson.  She felt him pull her hands behind her back and tape them together
with some kind of strong, sticky tape.  She felt him slide a blindfold over
her eyes.  She gasped as his hands roamed over her sweater, feeling her
breasts.  His hands searched up under her skirt, between her thighs as he
pulled them apart, his finger inserted full depth in her sensuous feminine
flower, teasing it and bringing her ever closer to  orgasm.  She had been
totally conquered.

A short moment later, he had pulled her sweater up out of his way, unhooked
her bra, seized each thrusting nipple between thumb and forefinger and
pinched-hard.  She squealed in sudden pain.  His hands searched in his
pockets, removed a metallic device, and he had attached a stainless steel
nipple clip to each of her fully erect  nipples.  Their continuous,
non-relenting pinching embrace turned painful immediately, and she begged for
release.  "No, not yet, not quite yet,", he responded.  "We are going to have
to hear your confession first."

The large automobile drove on, the driver silent as if in contemplation.
Helen was in pain, the nipple clips tightly squeezing her.  But she no
longer begged for release, she knew now that it would not happen yet.
She cried, almost silently, hurting and knowing at the same time that
she would likely hurt much more as this evening progressed.  The good
Dr. Hudson, on the other hand, was in no pain whatever.  As a matter of
fact, he was enjoying himself mightily.  He had captured this sinner,
this sexual transgressor, and he meant to have her interrogated, to know
all the illicit details of her sex life, to be told by her in full,
living color, absolutely nothing hidden..  These she would be compelled
to confess freely, down to minute details.  And when  the score finally
be written down and totalled up, for all to see and all to hear, then
some penance would be assigned, some fascinating punishment and
humiliation extracted from this naked beauty.  No, certainly she was not
naked now, but just as certainly she would asked soon to strip stark
naked and just as certainly she would quickly be persuaded and would be
naked very soon.
 
And while the automobile drove on, at it's destination Verna Hudson
awaited.  Right now she was nude, deliciously naked, and aroused.  The
two men had gone off to fetch Helen, and surely they would have her here
soon.  In the meantime, she looked at her bare image in the mirror of
her dressing area, liking what she saw.  She was 40, though often she
had been told that she looked 30.  That did not impress her especially.
She had a good, strong body, quite tall and, if one liked abundant
woman, well built.  She was very brunette, almost black.  Her nipples,
standing hard and erect, were chocolate brown, as were the smallish
aureoles around them.  She had strong shoulders and the arms of an
athlete. Very good, large breasts.  A small waist, wide hips, full
thighs, long magnificent legs, and a beautiful, very shapely, very
exciting large behind.  Certainly she did not have a model's figure- she
was voluptuous in the true sense of the word, looked sexy, felt sexy,
loved being sexy, either with a man or woman, and if circumstances were
right, sometimes with one or more of each.  She felt very comfortable
with her own sense of her sexuality.
 
She had a catalog full of exotic clothing, lingerie ordered from
Frederick's of Hollywood, and selected from odd stores here and there on
her travels.  Tonight, though, she was going to wear what she and her
husband simply called "The Corset".  It could not have been any more
revealing. It had a Victorian, imperious look, like a Queen or perhaps a
vicious Russian Countess might wear. She was sure, absolutely certain
that when Helen saw it, she would instantly know what to expect.  Verna
knew what to expect. She was going to conquer Helen tonight, give her a
sufficiently thorough bottom basting that there would be no thought, not
for a second, of anything less than total obedience.  And then Helen
would learn about eating pussy at length, and then be introduced to the
art of anal adoration.  And then the men could have her, could use her
however they pleased.  Verna had no doubts that tonight Helen would be
fucked, very thoroughly fucked in all the regular ways and perhaps in a
few new ways.  And since Helen liked Porno movies, she should have no
objection in being the star performer in one.  As a matter of fact, she
was going to, like it or not.
 
Around one more corner and down a long, dark driveway, sheltered by tall
trees, stood the house- almost like a medieval castle, forbidding in
appearance as if its image almost depicted dark and terrible acts that
took place there.  The car drove up this driveway, slowed, stopped under
a dark portico.  The driver- now visible as Jim Seymour- opened the
front door, stepped out.  He opened the rear door and let Dr. Hudson
out, who immediately stepped through the front door of the house and
disappeared.  Jim pulled Helen by the arm towards the door, took her out
of the car while her hands were still fastened behind her back.  He
pulled  up the back of her skirt, thrust his right hand down inside the
back of her panty hose, and squeezed the bare cheek of her behind.  She
squealed in surprise.  And screeched out loud as his finger tested
between the cheeks of her bottom, found her anal rosebud.  The finger
searched, slowly wormed its way inward to full depth--- and stayed
there.  She heard him, in that icy voice, now obviously delighted at
being in control, say to her, "Now walk, cunt.  Straight ahead.  You're
going to get your lesson, and I'm going to help teach it."
  
While the finer wiggled in her rectum, she preceded him through the
front door, down a dimly lit hall to the rear of the large house, and
into a room that obviously had once been a library or a study but now
had been refitted something like a torture chamber.  To Helen, the room
was a shock, an indication of awful things to come.  But even worse was
the sight, the other sight that she saw....The imperious, dangerous, and
very naked Mrs. Verna Hudson.

Verna looked like she had never looked before.  She wore high heeled,
patent leather pumps.  She wore a form fitting, obviously custom made
black corset, that covered her wasp waist and nothing else.  Above the
corset, her large, naked breasts looked at Helen, their nipples so dark
brown as to be almost black--and very erect.  Below the corset, Helen
could see Verna's stark, black pubic triangle.  She could almost see
pink lips there, and perhaps peeping out between them, a clit already
risen.  And when Verna turned around, her full, bare, shapely bottom.
She wore black nylon hose, attached to garters on the corset.  In her
hand, she carried a wicked, black leather riding crop.  Her full,
shapely mouth was painted with flaming red lipstick.  She on mascara.
Her eyes were made up in an evil- looking dark blue shade. She looked
the very personification of evil, the very personification of pure,
unadulterated sex.

She smiled, a satanic smile, and said to the terrified Helen, "We are
here together to learn a few things from you.  You, of course, are going
to tell what we want to know.  You are going to tell them freely and
openly. We are going to hear what you have to say, and to help you with
your confession.  Where you have erred, we will correct you.  And
understand this- you will confess-  I promise you that."
 
On a tripod stood a Video camera, a red light winking on the rear panel,
its eye pointed at Helen.  Her hands had been untied, the nipple clips
removed.  Her bra hang loosely from her breasts, the strap unfastened
behind her back.  Her hair was mussed, unkempt. And she was frightened
beyond description.  Both men stood at one wall, silent, watching the
drama unfold between the teacher and her captor.  Verna, the black
riding crop in her hand, swinging it almost idly back and forth, looked
at Helen, a patrician kind of smile on her face.  Helen stared at Verna,
at the crop, and at the black triangle on her mons veneris.  Verna, her
avid sexuality  displayed, implied what Helen would be doing soon. She
would  punish Helen for sins real and imagined, and then take her, use
her, humiliate her in marvelous, delicious, hideous ways, require her to
do base, ugly things, submissive things that would acknowledge Verna's
authority and Helen's acceptance, total acceptance of that authority.
But first things first.
   
"Its a bit warm in here, don't you think?," Verna asked.  And getting no
reply, slashed the crop through the air, and asked the same question
again.
   
Helen understood.  She stammered a bit, but agreed that it was warm.
Verna thought that Helen would be more comfortable without the warm
sweater on, and suggested that it be removed-- and also the bra.  Soon,
the two garments lay on the floor and Helen was nude from the waist up.
She had no thought of even arguing the order, of resisting in any way.
She was ordered to remove the skirt, the shoes.  Now she had no clothing
save her striped nylon bikini panties.  Verna looked at these,
snickered, thinking that Helen would have some stripes to show tonight,
with or without the panties, some stripes that she intended to apply
herself to that marvelous ass, using this very crop.  Verna walked
around Helen, studied her body, her total physical attractiveness, her
lovely full breasts, her fully erect pinkish brown nipples, that
gorgeous big ass.  She ordered Jim to remove the panties from Helen.
The camera recorded Jim yanking them down, Helen stepping out of them,
doing as she was told without argument, standing nude now before the
others-- and crying softly in fear and apprehension.

Her fears were not at all helped when Jim's hand crossed over her mound,
forced itself between her thighs, and a finger fought its way into her
vulva- to find, to his surprise, that it was not bone dry but rather
fully lubricated as if in excitement.  He told her to spread apart- and
the camera recorded that, too.
   
Jim attended to preparing her for interrogation.  Her hands were again
fastened behind the small of her back.  A hair clamp was threaded
through her blonde pony tail, a throng attached to it, and that throng
fastened through a ring bolt in the ceiling.  She stood, basically
immobile, fastened by her hair.  A leather leash was fastened around
each ankle, and each leash attached to the end of a spreader bar so that
her ankles were fixed about 30 inches apart.  The camera looked at
Helen, nude, widespread, at Jim testing her tactile responses as he
finger-fucked her.  Jim was obviously excited, his cock erecting in his
pants.  But he was silent.  Dr. Hudson stood in a fairly dark place,
saying nothing.  His excitement was concealed.  Verna walked around
Helen, looking, watching the interplay with Jim, also saying nothing.
   
Jim moved up behind her, his trouser front rubbing against her naked
rump.  She could not see, but perhaps he had opened his fly.  Anyway,
she felt something warm and hard rubbing on her behind, and it would not
have surprised her at all if it was his exposed cock.  But she was not
certain.  His hands came around her, cupping each full breast loosely in
a surprisingly gentle, almost caressing motion, his palms lightly
massaging her nipples- now fully erect in fright and perhaps somewhat in
excitement. He undressed, showed her a very large, thick, and totally
erect prick. Now he stood in front of her, holding his throbbing
erection in his hand, almost pointing it at her.   By bending slightly
he managed to get the head partially into her creamy vulva, though
certainly not very deep into her-- just deep enough to have good contact
with her clit which he massaged with the large, circumcised glans.  As
he excited her this way, and gently rubbed her breasts, she thought that
she was simply going to be fucked in this unusual posture- standing up
with the man standing in front of her.  But no,  Verna was there.
  
Verna was holding the riding crop.  And Verna, without saying a word,
slashed the crop through the air so that with a sickening
SPPPLLLLLLLLAAAAATTTTTT!!!! it cut ferociously across both full cheeks
of her beautiful naked behind.  She screamed at the sudden and furious,
almost nauseating sensation.  And Jim, at that instant holding both her
nipples just pinched them- not especially hard but hard enough to
concentrate all her sensations so that she was feeling this unusual
combination of intense pain and extreme pleasure at once in all of her
erogenous areas.
  
Long moments passed.  Jim's cock was in her slightly deeper than before-
perhaps two or three inches, but stable, not pumping back and forth,
simply staying in one place, as he continued his play with her nipples.
The horrible, burning sensation had almost totally disappeared from the
crowns of the cheeks of her bottom. She was feeling incredibly excited
at this treatment, over which she had absolutely no control.  She was
naked and being fucked by a man she detested, being spanked by a
beautiful but evil woman that she, if possible, hated even more, and
being watched by yet a third person whom she did not hate, whom she
absolutely abominated.  And worst of all, that terrible camera was
taking pictures of all this happening!!!!  And that thought, coupled
with the sensations she was feeling, took her close, remarkably close to
orgasm.  She would have cumm, she was sure, except that at that instant,
TTTTTHHHWWWWAAAAACCCCCKKKKKK!!!!.  Verna, to be sure that she had not
been forgotten, had firmly cracked her again across both cheeks of her
bare ass with that awful crop!!
 
JIm had not totally finished his preparations for her.  He stepped away,
returned with a saucer filled with something greasy, with red specks
suspended in the grease.  He took a gob  of this on his finger, found
Helen's anal opening, thrust the finger in, greasing his way as he went.
Another gob and yet another went in.  Soon, the way was lubricated for
the insertion of a thick, rubber butt-plugger, a conical shaped dildo
device designed to force its way past the anal sphincter and then lock
itself there.  It went in with a bit of difficulty, but with Jim
providing the force, there was no way Helen could prevent it going in,
and once it went in it was guaranteed to stay in until forcefully pulled
out.  At first it was not really uncomfortable, but as time passed, it
did seem to generate yet another burning sensation that seemed
continually to get slightly worse.
   
Now Jim stepped back away from her, stepped back into the shadows
against the wall.  Dr. Hudson spoke, also from the shadows where she
could not see him.  He asked her about her previous sex life, small
questions, intimate questions that no one had ever asked. Each time he
asked, she answered, trying not to say too much. And each unsatisfactory
answer produced a second question, much like the first.  And if THAT
question generated an unsatisfactory answer, it also generated another
scalding stroke of Verna's fiery crop across her bottom.  It seemed that
the questions were so spaced that by the time the awful sensation on her
naked ass would subside, another question would be asked that would earn
her another scalding shot.
   
After her hot rump had been kissed by the crop more than half a dozen
times she was crying hysterically, begging for the opportunity to
confess everything.  Anything devious was forgotten.  She talked  freely
for the camera eye, trying to imagine the answers that her interrogators
wanted to hear, and then telling that answer, no matter if it was true.
No detail of her sexual background, even  back to early girlhood, was
off limits to inquiry.  She told everything about early masturbation,
loss of her various virginities, recent infidelities.  She told
everything, in full living color, embellished in flaming, sexy detail,
as much detail as they seemed to want.  They wanted it all.  Finally,
she begged for release, she would do absolutely anything they wanted her
to do.
   
They knew she was conquered.  She was released, ordered to lie naked on
the floor, her legs spread, her pussy pointed towards the camera's eye.
A dildo was tossed to her, a thick, black, rubber cock.  She was ordered
to pretend she was the lady in the film at the theater, to pretend that
the dildo was her black lover, to masturbate with it all the way to
orgasm, to do it with abandon, to hold nothing back.  As a kind of joke,
she was told that for the moment her lover was Walter, the black janitor
in the school.  She was to pretend that she was with Walter, that he was
giving her the glorious fucking that she had always wanted. She was to
compliment him on his huge, black prick.  She was to call out his name,
tell him how much she wanted him, tell him all the things she wanted him
to do to her.  She specifically was to ask him to call her, to please
come over and fuck her.  She did, as the camera watched and recorded,
raising her level of both fear and excitement which was already
incredibly high and soon bringing herself off with wild movements of her
hips and her bottom as the dildo fucked deep into her.
  
Later, on instruction, she turned over, raised her hips and showed her
upraised naked ass to the camera, the blunt end of the butt plugger in
clear sight.  Jim Seymour pulled it out, tossed  it on the floor, and
handed her a much thicker rubber dildo, now lubricated with the same
speckled grease that he had used on her before.  He reminded her that
the lady in the porno movie had been getting fucked in the ass by the
black guy on the screen. She was to play that part now, to fuck herself
in the ass with this thick dildo- again as if this was Walter giving her
an incredible hosing out with his huge length of ebony gristle. Now, as
that whole part of her body was upraised, right in front of the camera.
Slowly she inserted the dildo, and saying out what they wanted to hear-
that she wanted Walter to come to her, to ream her out so deeply that
his marvelous prick would come out her ear.  She stroked it deeply back
and forth.  It was larger than anything she could have imagined ever
fitting in there, and it did hurt.  She remembered thinking about
Walter, wondering if he really was this big, and if he had ever really
fucked a woman in the ass, this very way. The stuff in the lubrication
was rather more uncomfortable now, burning her in a strange way.  She
could not hold still, wiggling wildly as if she were being fucked by a
huge, hot iron. That, too went into the record.
  
A short while later the large dildo was taken out of her bottom and the
butt plugger put back.  She lay on the floor on her back, her knees
raised and spread.  Verna kneeled over her, the juicy black triangle
just over her face.   Helen stared upwards, between Verna's thighs,
looking directly into the open cunt just above, a sight she had never
seen from exactly that perspective, a sight of such devious perversity,
of such hideous sexuality that  for the moment she forgot the insidious
burning in her rectum.  Just then, all she wanted to do was to please
Verna, to bury her face in that cunt, to kiss it and suck it.  Helen put
out her tongue on command, licked the delicious cream from that vulva,
sucked the erect clit.  She sensed that Verna was smoking hot, that she
would come very quickly.  So when Verna gasped, reached down and held
Helen's hair and seemed to pull her face even more tightly into her
smoking pussy, Helen knew that the moment had come for Verna.  What she
did not expect was that she had an orgasm, too, a simultaneous orgasm
brought on by Verna's response.
  
For a little while, Verna seemed to relax above her.  Then, when ordered
to open her mouth wide, Helen did so without even thinking of refusal,
without thinking of what would happen next. Perhaps she was not even
especially surprised when Verna's golden stream began to flow into her
mouth.  She simply swallowed it down, a gulping mouthful at a time,
acknowledging by doing so that she was totally conquered, that she was
willing to eat with relish Verna's marvelous, demanding box, even
willing and eager  to drink her new mistress' piss.  And if there were
watchers, an avid, interested audience who saw this, and a camera that
recorded it, there was no help for it, she would do it anyway.

--
