From - Fri Jan 03 20:41:00 1997
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!mr.net!news-out.microserve.net!news-in.microserve.net!news-xfer.netaxs.com!newsfeeds.sol.net!ix.netcom.com!news
From: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com (Mr Double)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.incest,alt.sex.stories.incest
Subject: teachsis.txt  Teaching Little Sister  (mf, inc, bro/sis)
Date: Sat, 04 Jan 1997 00:24:06 GMT
Organization: Rosa Lopez Internacial (R.L.I. Industries)
Lines: 912
Message-ID: <5ak7vf$kr5@dfw-ixnews4.ix.netcom.com>
Reply-To: MrDouble@ix.netcom.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: dal-tx7-29.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Fri Jan 03  6:24:15 PM CST 1997
X-Newsreader: Mr Double Agent        
Xref: nntp.earthlink.net alt.sex.stories:165779 alt.sex.incest:41058 alt.sex.stories.incest:11496

Double For Nothing!!  Tricks For Free!!!

http://www.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There....

*************************************************************

                  MR DOUBLE DISCLAIMER
*************************************************************

The following story describes GRAPHIC SEXUAL 
situations which are INTENDED TO BE READ BY ADULTS ONLY.


MR DOUBLE is the Poster, the Author NOT.  

***************************************************************
       Enjoy !           *---(:>     Mr Double     <:)---*
***************************************************************






Archive-name: Family/teachsis.txt
Archive-author: Day Dreamer
Archive-title: Teaching Little Sister


An Incest Fantasy


At sixteen, my little sister Chrissy is a knock-out, a real
true-life beauty.  She started maturing early and is now
five-two, with 35-22-34 measurements on a one hundred five
pound body.  With her flawless complexion, long auburn hair,
and startlingly deep green eyes, she could easily be mistaken
for a youthful model, perfectly exemplifying all the sweet
and fresh characteristics of young womanhood.

Chrissy has a very a sweet nature and personality, and this
contributed to our complete lack of the brother-sister
friction that sometimes develops in a family.  On the
contrary, she has always been one of my top supporters,
attending all my football and basketball games and cheering
me on.  Being three years younger, she bestowed on me a
childlike hero worship--I was always her big brother, her
hero, her knight in shining armor.  As far as she was
concerned, there was nothing I couldn't do nor was there any
problem I couldn't solve.

The relationship was more than reciprocal.  As we were
growing up, I adored little Chrissy and doted on her.  I was
always interested in and proud of all her achievements and
encouraged her whenever it was needed.  If anything, I gave
Chrissy more attention and love than our parents.  They both
worked in very stressful jobs, and at the end of their
workdays neither had much energy left to deal with our "kid
problems."

Because of this relationship, Chrissy early on got into the
habit of bringing her problems to me.  I fixed many a broken
doll, put band-aids on her bo-bo's, and dried her tears and
tickled away her real and imagined hurts.  This relationship
carried over into her teens and has resulted in my being far
more protective of her than is the case with most brothers
and sisters.

One area where this especially showed up was in her
relationships with boys.  In this regard, I've been almost
tyrannical in the way I've monitored and screened her dates.
It's a wonder our relationship hasn't suffered because of
this, but Chrissy takes it in her good-natured way and just
thanks me for caring that much about her welfare.  Despite
her phenomenal beauty, Chrissy is very shy and vulnerable
with boys, often coming home in tears from a date.  To help
her with such problems, I've tried to explain how boys think
and act so she'll better be protected in her dealings with
them.

One problem Chrissy has had to face head-on is her developing
sexuality.  Many of the problems and teary eyes she's brought
to me have been related to this area, and I've tried to deal
with them in a completely honest, straightforward manner.  I
haven't used any "birds and bees" stories, but have explained
and described sexual relation issues in the everyday common
words she hears from her girl friends.  From these conversa-
tions I knew that Chrissy was still a virgin, but based on
the noticeable tension and the odor of feminine sexual
arousal that I detected from her when she returned from some
of her dates, I believed this to be a short-lived condition.
Because of that, I arranged for her to secure and start
taking birth control pills.  She laughed at my being so
protective, assuring me that she still far from going all the
way.  Nonetheless, to indulge me if for no other reason,
she's taking the pills religiously.

I greeted these developments with very mixed feelings.  On
one side, my protective feeling about her wanted to shield
her from the bad early experiences she could have if she
chose the wrong boy.  On another hand, I could see that she
has highly developed sexuality, and I didn't want to stand in
the way of her being in a position to develop and grow in
this important aspect of maturing.  On still another side, I
found myself disturbingly jealous.  As much as I told myself
it was completely wrong to feel that way about her, I was
absolutely turned on whenever she came in from a date with
that musky odor of a woman in heat about her.  I pictured in
my mind how her little virginal pussy must look, smell and
feel, about how wet it must be, and even though I fought
against the feeling, I couldn't prevent my getting a hard-on.
I found myself with the thought that no pimple-faced boy
deserved such a treasure, and even worse, I harbored a
secret, almost irresistible longing to be the one to claim
it.  That she might have had similar thoughts was beyond my
comprehension, beyond any hopes that I had buried deep within
me.

One Friday evening, Chrissy came in from a date about 9:00 in
the evening, much earlier than her usual 11:00 or 11:30.  I
was alone in the house, our parents being away for the
weekend, and was watching television when she came in the
door.  Usually, she stops and says hello to me and relates
how her date went.  This evening, she did neither, but
hurried upstairs to her room.  I found this very strange
because the boy she had dated was one I approved of as being
almost good enough for her.  I was hoping that if she did
have to lose her virginity it would be to a boy like him, one
who probably would be gentle with her.  Apparently, though,
problems had developed on the date, because she was home
early and--based on her not having stopped to greet me--
upset, hurt, or angry.  I heard the shower start running and
decided that as soon as she had finished her shower I would
go upstairs to check on her and be the best big brother I
could be.

After I heard the shower stop and had given her enough time
to get dressed, I went upstairs.  The door to her room was
closed, and the sounds of light sobbing came from its other
side.  I knocked lightly and asked, "Chrissy, is it okay if I
come in?"

The sobbing stopped for a moment, and Chrissy said, "If you
want to."  I opened the door and Chrissy's room was darkened,
with only the light from her vanity shining.  She was already
in bed, the sheets pulled up to her neck.  Her face was tear-
streaked and her eyes red from crying.

"Baby, baby, what's so wrong?" I asked softly, sitting on the
bed next to her.  I stroked the hair back from her forehead
and kissed her lightly on a wet cheek.  "Did you have trouble
on your date tonight?"

Chrissy sniffled a little and answered in almost a whisper,
"Yes."

"Boy-type problems?" I asked, knowing she would recognize
that I implied the whole range of sexual relation problems.

"No, Jimmy wasn't a problem.  You were right--he's real nice,
and I liked him a lot."

Puzzled, I pressed on.  "Well, it's obvious something's
bothering you," I said, taking a tissue and drying her cheeks
for her.

Chrissy gave me a little half-smile, rueful more than happy,
and answered, "I just had some Chrissy problems, that's all."

"That sure tells me a lot," I said.  "What do you mean,
'Chrissy problems.'"

Chrissy's tears had about stopped, and she sat up in bed,
apparently ready to explain.  When she did, I had a hard time
concentrating on the conversation.  From what I could see,
she had on a pair of baby-doll pajamas, and the sheer top did
not hide much.  The swell of her breasts pushed them out, and
the nipples and darker rings around them were more than just
hinted at.  I had to fight to keep my eyes from off that
sight.  The sight also made me wonder how a girl with such
beautiful attributes could be having problems.

Chrissy didn't notice my discomfiture and continued her
explanation.  "Well, I had decided that I was ready to go all
the way with a boy, and that because he's such a nice guy,
Jimmy was to be the one."  My heart started beating faster
with this disclosure, and I wondered whether I would be able
to sit through her description of the episode without her
being able to see the mixed feelings I had about it.

"We went out to Chisolm Lake and parked.  After we kissed a
while, I put my hand on his leg to let him know I was
interested in more.  He returned the favor and after a while
he put his hand under my dress and played with me.  I could
tell he was getting really ready, so I suggested we get into
the back seat.  Before we did, I took off my panties.  He saw
me do it, and undid his belt and pants.  We both got in the
back seat and he got between my legs and tried to put it in
me."

By this time, my cock was rigid and throbbing. It gave me
funny feeling, because here I was getting horny about my
sister telling me about losing her virginity, something we
had discussed in times past.  Nonetheless, I could picture
her in that car, legs spread apart, pussy wet and waiting,
and the picture aroused me more than I had ever been in my
entire life.  I ached to reach out and stroke the abundant
swells of her breasts; I longed to put my hands between her
legs and "play with her" as she said Jimmy had done.

Chrissy paused, and in a hoarse whisper I said, "And then
what happened?  Go on."

Talking softly, Chrissy continued, "That's when things got
bad."

"It hurt real bad?" I said, anticipating the rest of her
story.

"No, it didn't hurt, because he didn't put his thing in me.
I didn't let him."

"You didn't?  What did happen, then?"

"Well, when he got ready to put his thing--what do you guys
call it, a cock?  When he got ready to put his cock in me, I
just clamped my legs together and kept him from doing it.  He
must have been really ready because after he rubbed against
me a little he spurted all over my front.  That's why I had
to come home and take a shower.  Oh, Bobby, I was so
embarrassed!  Here I had made my mind up and at the last
minute I just couldn't go through with it.  I just asked
Jimmy to bring me home.  So here I am, feeling frustrated and
crying about the whole thing.  I'm really something, aren't
I!"

A great feeling of relief flooded over me.  For reasons I
couldn't fully understand or explain, I was joyous that
Chrissy had chickened out.  I realized, though, that it
wasn't being fair to her for me to feel that way, and that I
had to support and encourage her to continue, even though her
first attempt had been a total disaster.

"Chrissy, sweetheart, it's not unusual for a girl to do that
the first time.  A virgin has a right to misgivings.  Don't
be angry with yourself.  You do need, though, to try to
figure out why you acted that way so you'll at least under-
stand why.  Do you know why you didn't go through with it?"

Chrissy looked up at me and just barely nodded her head.
"You do know?" I said.

Chrissy nodded her head more emphatically and whispered,
"Yes, I know, but I can't talk about it."

For the first time that I could ever recall, Chrissy didn't
want to confide in me.  I was taken aback, completely puzzled
by her actions.  I put my hand against her cheek and caressed
it with my finger tips, saying, "Chrissy, I respect your
wishes if you really don't want to talk about it, but
remember, this is Bobby, your big brother.  We've never held
anything back from each other.  Do we want to start having
secrets now?"

Chrissy's face fell and tears started welling up in her eyes
again.  "No," she whispered, "I hate secrets."

"Don't you want to tell me, then?" I asked.

Chrissy sat up straighter and almost defiantly said, "All
right, if you want to know, I'll just come out and tell you.
The reason I couldn't do it with Jimmy was...the reason was
because he wasn't you."

I was stunned.  We just sat there in silence, looking at each
other, my letting the meaning of what she had said sink in.
I was having a hard time dealing with it.  If I had heard her
right, then all the fantasies I had had about her, about the
way we might make love, about claiming her virgin treasures,
were no longer just my fantasies alone, but were shared by
her also.  I had to be sure that she had actually said what I
thought she did.

"Chrissy, do you mean...?"

"Yes, you big lunk, that's exactly what I meant.  I meant I
didn't want to give my virginity to Jimmy.  I meant I wanted
my first time to be with you.  I meant I wanted my first time
to be with someone I love and who loves me.  Someone who will
take care of me and be gentle and make it something that is
completely good.  I don't want my first time to be a quick
wham-bam in the back of a car with some kid I hardly know.
Bobby, for as long as I can remember, I've dreamed my first
time would be with you, with my dear, sweet brother Bobby."
After saying that, she reached out to me and wrapped her arms
around my neck and hugged me tight.  "Oh, Bobby, you just had
to know, didn't you!  What must you think of me now!"

I stroked Chrissy's back as I held her and thought about her
question.  Finally, I answered.  "What I think is that you
are the only one of us who's been honest, who's faced up to
their true feelings."

Chrissy pulled back and looked me square in the face.  "Does
that mean you feel the same way I do?"

"Oh, God, Chrissy, even more!  I've just tried to bury my
feelings, to pretend they haven't existed.  Society says its
wrong for a brother to love his sister, and I've wanted to be
the best big brother you could possibly have.  But every time
we've talked about sex, every time you've come home from a
date hot and bothered, every time you've talked about going
all the way, I've felt miserable.  I wanted it to be me.
I wanted it to be me who not only told you about sex, but
showed you as well.  That old brother-sister taboo has kept
me from letting you know how I feel."

"Oh, Bobby, that old taboo was invented before there was
birth control, to keep defective babies from being made.
It's probably been to prevent brothers from forcing
themselves on their sisters, too...and, I guess, sisters from
forcing themselves on their brothers."  Chrissy paused in
thought for just a moment and said softly, "I'm not forcing
myself on you, am I, Bobby?  You're not saying this just to
humor me, to keep me from being embarrassed about what I
said, are you?"

I took Chrissy's hand and moved it to my crotch.  "Feel that
and tell me what you think."  Her fingers lightly moved over
the bulge that was so evident in the front of my jeans and
then moved down my leg, tracing the contour of my swollen,
throbbing cock.

Chrissy's eyes widened, and she said, "Oooh, Bobby, you're
so hard.  And sooo big!  Are you that way because of me?  Am
I doing that to you?"

"Yeah, it's all because of you.  Seeing you in that top,
holding you like this with your breasts rubbing against my
chest, and thinking about what you will look like completely
naked has done that."

"You want to see me completely naked?" Chrissy whispered.

"Oh, yes, Chrissy.  I've dreamed about how you would look
without any clothes."

"Well, that's worked both ways," Chrissy said.  "I've had
dreams about seeing you naked, too.  With your cock hard and
poking out in front."

"What else did you dream?" I asked.

"I dreamed we were both naked.  That you caressed my entire
body from head to toe.  That you kissed me like I was a girl-
friend, not a sister.  That you kissed me all over...in all
the places where it feels good."  Chrissy then added, very
softly, "Then I dreamed you made love to me, that you took my
virginity, and it was sooo gooood." Chrissy put her arms back
around my neck and pressed herself against me.  She whisper-
ed, "Bobby, please make my dream come true."

Instead of answering with words, I turned her face to mine
and kissed her.  I kissed her like a girlfriend, not a
sister, opening my mouth wide and probing between her lips
with my tongue.  Hers responded immediately, moving out to
meet mine and coiling in swirls and circles around it.  She
dropped her head to the pillow, and I followed, continuing
the kiss even harder.  Our mouths were wide open, lips spread
against each other, soft and wetly working in little nibbles.
Chrissy started breathing faster and I felt her heart
increase its tempo against my chest.

I pushed my hand under her pajama top and moved it over her
right breast, lightly brushing across it with my finger tips.
Taking her nipple between my fingers, I gently rubbed the
hard little button and ran my fingers in a circle around it,
tracing the rosy ring that engirded it.  Chrissy arched her
back up against my hand and moaned softly in pleasure.
Taking her whole breast in my palm, I kneaded and softly
squeezed.  Chrissy spoke muffled words, "Oh, God, Bobby!
That's so good!"

Moving my kisses, I kissed each of her eyes, the tip of her
nose, her ear lobes, and then her neck.  Each was a wet kiss,
with my tongue making little circles of wetness on her skin.
I lifted the bottom of her pajama tops, exposing those
perfect breasts, each half-melon shaped and just as firm.
My lips moved to them, sucking the little strawberry that
topped each of them.  Her nipples hardened and swelled,
standing out like little soldiers at attention.  I licked
around each of them, drawing a wet ring around the nipples.
Using the full, broad side of my tongue, I lapped at the
underside of each breast, moving from its base out to the
nipple.  Chrissy moaned in pleasure and arched her back to me
each time I drew out a stroke of my tongue.

While I was making love to Chrissy's breasts, I moved my hand
under the sheets that covered her lower half.  I found her
thighs and stroked each one gently, almost feather-like.  I
moved to their inner sides, finding baby-smooth skin. Chrissy
moved her thighs apart, inviting my hand to further explora-
tion.  My finger tips moved up, drawing little circles as
they moved.  As I approached the vee of her legs, they spread
apart even more, leading my hand into the pleasures that
awaited there.

Finally, I touched the lace that trimmed the edge of
Chrissy's pajama bottoms.  The lace was damp.  I moved across
it onto the silky smooth area of Chrissy's crotch.  It was
soaking wet and slick.  I found the edge and inched my
fingers under it.  Damp, curly down met my fingers.  My
finger dipped down and found the cream-covered lips conceal-
ing Chrissy's mysterious feminine treasures.  With just the
slightest amount of pressure, I stroked my finger tip between
those lips and into the valley between.  It was like moving
into a warm, slickened passageway.  The labial lips pressed
against my finger, almost sucking it into her secret sexual
regions.

My fantasy about Chrissy's pussy was coming true--I was
"playing with her," and both of us were loving every minute
of it.  While I was making her dream come true, she was
turning my dreams and fantasies into reality.  I needed to go
farther, though.  I needed to fully bare Chrissy's body--make
her naked, completely open to sight and touch--and touch and
kiss every sensitive part of her.

Chrissy's hips hunched up to meet my hand as it explored her
hidden, nethermost parts.  She was almost panting now, her
breath coming in gasps.  My finger moved down between her
legs even more and came to her "little man in the boat," the
ultra-sensitive hooded clitoris, the nexus of her pleasure
center.  I lightly flicked my finger across it, and Chrissy
jerked her hips upward, moaning as electric jolts of pleasure
flowed through her.  Moving my finger through the wetness of
her creamy flow, I flooded her little love bud with juice and
rubbed it lightly in a little circle.  Chrissy's hips humped
up against my hand, and she cried, "Oh, Bobby, that's so
goooood!"

Keeping one finger busy on Chrissy's love nubbin, I moved two
other fingers lower, spreading her lips apart.  She was
soaking wet and the crotch of her pajamas was now almost
dripping from the aroused flow of her love juices.  My finger
at last found what it had been seeking, the opening of her
tunnel, the tunnel into the innermost parts of Chrissy's
woman sex.  I moved one finger into the opening and probed.
The hole was slippery and tight, but my finger slipped into
the cavity without difficulty.  Down to the first knuckle,
then down one more, and finally, my whole finger was immersed
in Chrissy's cave of pleasure.  I wanted to move my finger in
and out, imitative of the action my throbbing cock longed to
be taking, but her pajamas restricted my movement.  It was
time to rid her that impediment.  It was time, too, for me to
reveal her little virgin's pussy to my sight, to see first-
hand what I had seen to now only in my fantasies.

Reluctantly, I moved my hand out of Chrissy's pajamas and
then took hold of the sheet that covered her.  Slowly I
pulled the sheet down.  My breath was coming faster now, and
my heart thumped in anticipation of the sight I knew would
soon be revealed.  The sheet came slowly down, and top of her
pajama bottoms were revealed.  Then all of her bottoms, and
finally the sheet went to the floor and Chrissy's whole body
was fully shown in all its magnificence.  Her beautifully
formed legs were still splayed apart and her pajama bottoms
were askew from my explorations.  A big splotch of dampness
covered the crotch area and the wide swatch of Chrissy's
abundant pubic down showed clearly through the wet, trans-
parent fabric.

With just the lightest of strokes I ran my hands up Chrissy's
legs, stroking her feet, then her calves, and then up to the
white, full thighs.  I caressed the sensitive insides of her
thighs, making little circles in the wide part just under her
crotch.  Chrissy moaned and moved her hips in little circles,
urging my hands to go further, to go the very center of her
pleasure pit.  Instead, I moved my hands to the top of her
brief baby-doll pajama bottoms and started to draw them down,
slowly, inch by inch.  Her little belly mound was revealed,
just a slight bulge of baby fat still apparent.  Then the
dark, auburn bush came into view.  Lower still, the full
glory of Chrissy's whole vulva was revealed to my hungry
eyes.  Chrissy's soaking, creamy vagina.  The musky odor of
her arousal wafted up to my nose and my arousal was increased
even more.  The whole area of Chrissy's sex mound was awash
with her juices and invited loving attention.  My cock
throbbed and indicated that it was ready to provide such
ministrations.

In one swift motion I drew the pajamas down over Chrissy's
feet and then to the floor.  She was fully nude now, and I
was in awe of just how beautiful she was.  "Chrissy," I
whispered softly, "you are the most beautiful thing I've ever
seen."

"Thank you for such a sweet compliment," Chrissy replied,
"but this is completely one-sided.  I don't have any clothes,
and you have all of yours.  You're seeing all of me, but I
can't see any of you.  It's time for you to get rid of your
clothes, too."

With that, I stood up and took off all my clothes.  I stood
there in front of Chrissy, fully nude, my cock standing
straight out, stiff and throbbing.  Its head glistened,
covered with the pre-cum that my arousal had produced.
Shyly, Chrissy reached out her hand and ran her fingers along
my cock and then wrapped her hand around it.  "God, Bobby,
you're beautiful, too.  So hard, and so big.  Will it be
possible for that to go inside me?"

"Girl's stretch to be able to take it all in.  After all,
babies come from the same place as this goes in, and babies
are a whole lot larger than my cock."

"I guess so," Chrissy replied, still sounding doubtful.

I sat down on the bed next to Chrissy, drinking her in with
my eyes.  I put my hand out and stroked her breasts, then
lightly ran my hand down over her rib cage, her little belly
mound, and then to her Venus mound.  She lifted her knees and
spread her legs apart, giving me full access to her swampy,
down-covered center of pleasure.  I moved my hand over her
mound and dipped my fingers into the spread labial lips of
her vulva.  They were now even wetter than before.

"I'm so wet, Bobby.  Am I supposed to be like this?"

"A girl lubricates herself when sexually aroused.  I guess
that must be what you are," I said.

"Oh, God, Bobby, am I ever!  I've never been like this
before.  Just your slightest touch and I go into spasms.
I've been horny before, but never anything like this.  It's
because you're the one doing this.  You're making all my
fantasies come true, and I'm about to go crazy from knowing
it."

I moved my fingers down to the opening to Chrissy's love
tunnel and moved one finger into the pit, all the way in.  I
added another finger, and then a third.  She was so wet and
slick that the fingers went in with only a little difficulty.
I twisted the fingers around and around, and moved them in
and out.  Chrissy mewed like a cat and thrust her hips up and
down, reciprocating each of my in-and-out strokes.  I moved
my thumb up and ran it over and around her clitoris.  Her
hips jerked and she thrashed her hips around and around.
"I'm coming, Bobby!  Oh, God, I'm coming hard, hard, hard!"
Chrissy threw her head back and cried and mewled, moaned and
finally shouted, "Oh, it's so good, it's so good, it's so
good!"

Chrissy shuddered and spasmed.  I could see the muscles of
her stomach and thighs clinch, and the muscles of her vagina
squeezed down on my fingers.  Her pussy pulsed around my
hand, little throbs and squeezes, compressing the vaginal
walls again and again against my fingers.  Slowly, the
shudders and spasms eased, Chrissy unarched her back, and the
muscles unclinched.

Chrissy's eyes which had been shut tight opened and she
looked up at me.  "That couldn't have happened so good with
anyone else," she whispered.  "It was better than any boy has
ever done me before.  Better, even, than the times I've done
myself."  She reached out her arms to me and putting them
around my neck, pulled me down for a kiss.  The kiss was long
and deep, full of soft, tender tongue action.  "But that's
only the preliminary, isn't it?" Chrissy softly said.

"Yeah, the best part is still to come," I answered.

"Let me look at you first," Chrissy said.  "I've never seen a
boy in the daylight," she said, laughing.  "In fact, the
other night with Jimmy was the first time any of the boys
actually had their cock out, and I didn't even get to see it
then.  If you're going to stick me with that thing," she gig-
gled, "at least let me take a look at it first."

With that, Chrissy pushed me down on my back, and leaning
over me on her elbows, looked right down at my exposed rock-
hard pole.  She touched my balls with her hand and I jerked
my hips upward toward her hand.  Her finger tips stroked my
bag all over, sending shivers through my whole groin.  She
moved her hand up and touched the head of my cock, rubbing
the drops of pre-cum that accumulated there down over my
entire cock.  "Am I doing this right?" she asked.

"It all depends," I answered.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean that if you want to see me come all over the place,
you're doing exactly the right thing," I said hoarsely.

"Do you want to come?"

"Oh, God, Yes!  But not this way.  I'm so hot I'll come a
whole bucketful, but I want it all to go inside you.  I want
to feel your pussy fill up with my juice--for you know how it
feels to have love juice squirt into you, to feel how my love
pours out of me into you, filling you to overflowing.  I want
to see my come run out of your pussy and down all over your
sweet little ass cheeks.  I want us to slide back and forth
on each other, rubbing our whole bodies against each other in
a coating of my jism."

"Oh, Bobby, me too!" Chrissy said, and spread herself out on
top of me.  Her breasts rubbed against my chest and her legs
spread out on the outside of mine, clamping them in a sweet
trap.  My prick moved between her legs and she held it
tightly, caught between the spread lips of her pussy.  She
stuck her tongue out all the way and lowered her mouth down
to mine.  Her tongue was like liquid fire, licking all around
my mouth, flicking at the corners, and like a soft, flexible
pry bar, probing between my lips.  Her tongue tip moved
behind my lower lips and ran back and forth with long sensual
strokes.  It bored into my open mouth, avidly seeking its
counterpart.  It found the tip of my tongue and flicked a
tattooing drum beat against it.  I was literally on fire with
desire, her tongue pushing my desire to ever-increasing
heights.

All this time her hips had been vibrating, making little
movements around and up and down.  The motion had coaxed my
cock to give up a flood of pre-seminal flow and it now
covered the entirety of Chrissy's sexual center.  The stream
was flowing down to my balls and coated them and ran down
into the crack of my ass.  I had never been so wet before,
even after shooting a full load of come.  I couldn't help but
moan at the pleasure of the feeling, giving in to the sheer
joy of holding Chrissy against me.

I moved my hands to her buttocks and kneaded and caressed
them.  My finger tips probed between them, into the cream
slickened crevice.  I ran my fingers up and down the valley
that split her ass, stroking across the little rose bud of
her anal opening and then down into the soft folds and
creases of the feminine secret recesses hidden between
Chrissy's thighs.  Involuntarily, my hips started matching
the motion of hers, and we moved against each other, our
strokes becoming longer, more insistent with each passing
moment.  "Oh, God, Chrissy, I'm getting so close!" I managed
to mutter.

"So am I," Chrissy whispered.  "But I don't want to come this
way.  I want to come just how you described it--with you
inside, filling me, stroking me, and spurting me full of your
man juice.  Let's do it right now.  I don't want to wait a
second longer.  Bobby, do it to me now.  Show me right now
what we're supposed to do."

"Chrissy, it's probably going to hurt some the first time.
Are you ready for that?"

"Yes, you big silly.  I'm a girl, remember.  Girls know about
that, and I'm ready.  Besides, if it does hurt any, it won't
hurt nearly so much with you as it would with someone else.
You just let me be the one to worry about that and tell me
what I'm supposed to do now.  How am I supposed to lay so you
can do it to me the way that's best for you?"

"Just about like we are right now would the best way for your
first time," I replied.  "Just sit up and then get on your
knees so my cock is just under your opening.  Then just sit
down on my cock, taking it in a little at a time as you feel
comfortable with it.  That way, if it starts to hurt, you can
stop for a minute and let it stop hurting before taking any
more inside."

Chrissy kissed my lightly on the lips and said, "That's just
why I wanted my first time to be with you, you sweet guy.  I
knew you'd make it the best possible for me."  She then sat
up and taking both hands moved my cock so that the head was
lodged at the opening of her tunnel of delight.  She moved
down on my cock, never breaking our eye contact.  She had a
look of sheer concentration on her face, focusing her
thoughts on the penetration of my cock into her innermost
recesses.

She took an inch into her and then stopped.  I could feel the
tightness of her pussy around the head of my cock.  It was
hot, wet, and glove-tight.  After a few seconds, she moved
down even more, engulfing almost half of my seven cock
inches.  "Ummm!" was the only sound she made.  All this time
she continued to stare into my eyes, as if seeking a reflec-
tion of what was going on at the juncture of our bodies.
After a few more seconds pause, Chrissy sat down fully on my
cock.

Wet lock met wet lock.  Pubic bone ground against pubic bone.
Chrissy sighed and whispered, "Oh, God!"  She then leaned
over, brushing her breasts lightly against my chest, the
nipples sending waves of pleasure through both us as they
brushed between our bodies.  Her mouth crushed against mine
and she tongued my mouth and tried to take all my lips into
her mouth and suck on them.  She broke the kiss, and
whispered, "Bobby, it's all the way in.  I can feel you
filling me up with your hardness.  I can feel every little
ridge on your cock and feel it throbbing with each of your
heart beats.  Having you in me is like satisfying a need I
didn't know I had.  Oh, Bobby, it hardly hurt at all going
in, and now it doesn't hurt at all.   Now is just feels sooo
goooood."

Chrissy sat up straight again, and we stayed in the position,
without moving, for several long minutes.  Chrissy's
breathing slowed to near normal, and we both rested from the
penetration effort.  Chrissy looked down at me and regained
our direct eye contact.  While she looked into my eyes, she
smiled softly, secretly, with an almost beatific expression.
Her pussy was still so tight around my cock I thought I would
not be able to move it.  Every ripple and spasm of her pussy
also swept through my cock, as if we were one person, each
completely a part of the other.

Nature soon took over, though.  Unable to hold still any
longer, Chrissy began little pelvic movements--small jerks,
little circles, barely perceptible up-and-down movements.
My hips reciprocated, and I made my own motions, matching
pace with Chrissy's.  Soon, our motions intensified, with
Chrissy moving up and down about two inches.  Each motion
brought me intense pleasure, with Chrissy's glove-tight pussy
grabbing and stroking my cock with each movement.  My pre-cum
flow coupled with Chrissy's feminine pussy cream lubricated
her pussy walls, and the hot flow together with our passion
fires made me feel as though a hot fire burned at the point
of our sexual junction.

"I can't believe how good this feels!  It's heavenly!"
Chrissy hoarsely said.  "Oh, Bobby, I knew it would good.  I
knew you would make it good like this."  Chrissy continued
her movements, each stroke getting longer and longer.  All of
my seven inches moved in and out of her.  Down hard to the
base, bush meeting bush, and then up to where the head was
almost ready to pop out.  Chrissy's breathing was growing
faster again, and her breath was beginning to come in gasps,
not just from the effort but also from the way she was
obviously climbing up the scale toward climax.

Chrissy's enthusiasm increased even more, and suddenly my
cock popped out of her pussy with an audible popping sound.
"Ohhh, noooo!" Chrissy cried.  "Put it back in!  Get it back
into meeee!"

I pushed Chrissy down and onto her back.  I grabbed her legs
and pulled her to where her ass was just on the edge of the
bed and her pussy was just hanging over it.  I held her legs
high in the air and spread them wide apart.  My cock thrust
out just in front of her pussy.  Wetly, the pussy lips gaped
open, inviting my cock to plunge between them, into the
cream-saturated depths of Chrissy's womanhood.  I inserted
just the head of my cock into the pulsing, throbbing opening
and holding it in one hand, I swirled it around and around,
stirring the creaming center of Chrissy's sopping pussy.
Chrissy moaned and cried, "Oh, do it, Bobby!  Do it to me!
Fuck your little sister hard!"

I plunged my stiffened manhood into Chrissy in one hard
stroke, pushing in until the head of my cock lodged against
her cervix.  I could hardly believe how tight she was and how
hot her pussy was as it clung and grasped at my cock, trying
to keep it locked within its depths.  I withdrew all the way
out to where my cockhead was just inside her lips and then
plunged in again.  Chrissy's hips drove up to me as I drove
mine down to her.  Our strokes met hard, each grinding our
sexes into the other. "Oh, Yes, yes, hard, hard!" Chrissy
moaned in a just-audible whisper.

As much as I had fought against it, my orgasm was building up
fast.  The knowledge that it was my sister, my dear little
Chrissy, that I was fucking played mind games with me and
gave me such a sense of sheer sexual pleasure that I could
not forgo the climax sweeping over me.  I jerked my penis out
of Chrissy and held it over her stomach.  Suddenly, my cock
was spurting, shooting out jet after jet of my scalding jism.
It landed on Chrissy's breasts and ran over the nipples and
the sides.  Come squirted all over her neck and stomach and
soaked her swatch of feminine bush even more than it was.
Finally, the ejaculatory spasms ceased and come stopped
flowing.  Chrissy's whole front, from neck to vee, as well as
my hand was covered with hot, white drops of my outpouring.

Chrissy had watched me spurt, fascinated by the sight.  "So
that's how a boy comes," she said.  She then took her hands
and rubbed my come all over her front, coating every inch.
She especially rubbed come into her breasts, loving the
slick, lubrication it provided.  I took my come-coated hand
and rubbed it all over my front, covering my chest and
stomach.  We were now both coated in a film of my masculine
lubrication.

My cock had not diminished one bit as a result of my orgasm.
It was still rigidly hard and still throbbed.  It was almost
as if I hadn't even come.  Desire still welled up in my
groin; I was ready to do it all over again.  I guided my cock
back into Chrissy's now come-covered pussy and reamed it into
her woman hole.  She pushed up against me, eager to restart
the lover's ride just ended.  I began the see-saw, up-and-
down motion, twisting my pelvis so as to increase the
pleasure.  And pleasure it was.  Despite my have just come,
my cock was anxious to ride to the peak again, to climb to
new climatic heights.  I was no less horny now than I had
been before coming. I felt I could fuck forever.

I lay down on Chrissy and rubbed our naked bodies together--
slick, come-soaked skins slipping and sliding against each
other.  Her breasts were so slick and slippery they turned in
little circles against my chest.  Wet belly slipped against
wet belly, and come-soaked pubic hair interlocked and
interwove together.  I was one of the most voluptuous
experiences I had ever had.

Chrissy wrapped her arms around my shoulders and neck and
held me tight.  Her legs came up and locked around my back.
Our thrusts were in perfect harmony, pulling back and pushing
forward, each in time with the other.  Come-slippery skin
moved against the other's skin, adding to the pleasure.

Chrissy's movements became almost frantic.  She was moving
her hips in circles and thrusting her pussy at my cock with
such force I was fearful she would hurt herself.  She was
crying and moaning at the same time, ecstatic sounds of
almost unbearable pleasure.  My movements increased in their
pace also, and I was groaning in pleasure.  As our peaks
approached, our mouths hungrily sought each other, wanting to
imitate the action below.  We brought our wide-open mouths to
each other's and kissed and suckled at each other with an
abandon neither had ever before experienced.

I reached under us and grasped Chrissy's buttocks.  I
caressed and kneaded them, ran my fingers down their deep
crease, and then pulled her pelvis up tight against me.  We
were both so close, so close.  I pulled back, and holding her
buttocks firmly in my hands, pushed hard into Chrissy's
creamy cavity.  Over and over, in and out, harder and harder.
Each time, Chrissy's juice poured out of her and down the
crease of her ass into my hands.  Her whole buttocks as well
as our fronts were now soaked in the outpourings of our love
juices.

The muscles in Chrissy's buttocks clinched, drawing tight and
hard.  Her pussy clamped down on my cock, almost immobilizing
it.  She jerked her mouth from mine and cried, "Oh, God!  I'm
there!  I'm coming, I'm coming so hard!" Her buttocks started
quivering and spasms tore through her abdomen, shuddering her
body over and over.  She was panting loudly and her breath
came in ragged gasps.  Her hips pushed up and back, over and
over again, just a little less with each movement.  Gradually
they slowed down and the intensity of her orgasm began to
fade.

I then lifted her legs straight up in the air and drove into
her pussy, over and over, like a pile driver driving steel.
My climax was building up fast and my cock began the
throbbing and swelling that occur just before orgasm.
Chrissy looked up at me and started reciprocating, pushing me
higher and higher.  Suddenly, with hardly any warning, I was
there, over the edge, coming hard.  Once more, come came
jetting out of my cock, only this time into Chrissy.  I could
feel the slippery come flow over and around my cock, making
it hot and and slick.  White foam came out of Chrissy's pussy
as I drove in and out, forcing the come out of her already
filled hole.  Chrissy whispered, "I can feel you coming,
Bobby.  You're spurting into me, filling me.  God, it's so
hot and slick.  Oh, Bobby, I gonna come again!  Bobby, don't
stop!  Keep going, don't stop!"

I kept right on driving in and out, my come starting to
lessen its flow.  Chrissy had her eyes closed, concentrating
on her own pleasure.  She humped against me, and then I could
see the muscles across her stomach draw tight.  Her pussy
clamped down on my cock again, squeezing it.  Still, I
continued my cock action, concerned now with giving Chrissy
even greater pleasure.  Her orgasm this time was as great as
the one just passed, and Chrissy murmured,  "Yes, yes, I did
it again.  Again, and it was so good."

Chrissy opened her eyes and looked up at me.  The hero
worship was still there in her eyes, but also something else,
something new, not seen before.  I realized that she was
seeing me as lover as well as brother, and this added a new
dimension to our relationship.  I saw her, too, as a lover--a
lovely lover from out of my dreams.  I said to Chrissy, in a
soft whisper, "Chrissy, that was better than any dream could
ever be."

Chrissy nodded, and smiled.  She pulled me down to her and
kissed me.  Then she pushed me over to my side and threw her
leg over my hip.  All this time my cock had remained buried
in Chrissy's pussy, slowly going down from the orgasm.  Face
to face, sex to sex, Chrissy kissed me again and whispered,
"Oh, Bobby, Bobby, my brother, my lover.  Thank you, Bobby.
Thank you.  I'm sure that there will never be another time
like that in my life.  Thank you for making it so good for
me."

Her hips were working in little motions and I realized that
my cock had fully regained it hardness.  Chrissy kissed me
lightly on the cheek and smiling, said, "Bobby, there's lots
of stuff you need to teach me about sex, and we've got all
weekend.  Would you mind showing me more?"

I didn't mind, of course. I spent the weekend not only
telling Chrissy about all aspects of sex, but, most
importantly, showing her.  As we both learned, a show-and-
tell is worth ten thousand words.
--


