Copyright © 1997,  Studs Manley.      ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.







			Incest Tales

[As an English teacher, I recently assigned my 11th grade students to
write about a memorable family moment.  Here are a few most unexpected
papers. --- Dave Nichols]

	I found a bunch of color Polaroids in a box in my Mom's closet. 
I was just looking for some money, but these pictures showed Mom wearing
spooge on her face.  It looked like the guy she sucked took the pictures,
and at different times.  Same dick, but Mom's hair, background,
everything seemed different in over 40 pictures.  She divorced Dad years
ago so I figured that her last boyfriend took the pictures.  And she quit
seeing him a few months before I found the pictures.
	My Mom is 40 but has a nice body.  I've heard lots of my friends
tell me she's a fox.  And lots of times I whack off thinking about
fucking her.  And seeing her smiling in all those pictures with spooge on
her face made me want her more.  I pocketed a few pictures and beat off
twice in my room before she came home.  At dinner she talked about her
day and asked me about school and drama rehearsal but I kept thinking
about how much I wanted to get her lips on my dick.  After dinner she
went to work on her computer in the den.

	I quietly walked in behind her.  I was wearing only a bathrobe
and she jumped when I touched her shoulder.
	"John!  You startled me out of five years!"
	"Mom, I need to ask a favor."
	"What is it?"  She probably thought I wanted the car.  I took the
pictures from my pocket and handed them to her.  It took her a second to
realize what pictures they were.  She looked half-embarrassed, a tiny bit
angry, but still curious.  I loosened my robe and my hard cock bobbed
out, inches from Mom's face.
	"Will you please suck my dick, Mom?"
	Sure, she was surprised.  But I figured that she was also real
horny, too.  Her right hand wrapped coolly around my dick and she smiled.
 "My, you've grown.  Looks to be almost eight inches, close?"
	"Seven-and-a-half," I said, loving the feel of her hand on my
dick.  She was stroking it real firm [sic] and slow.
	"Ooh, you want me to put this in my mouth, huh?  What about
Traci? Or Cindy?"	"They won't suck cock.  They say it's nasty" Her
hand speeded up and her other hand pulled my aching balls.
	"Nasty?  They're just girls.  They don't know what's good."  She
rubbed faster.  She knew she was going to make me shoot.  She smiled as I
breathed faster and my body stiffened and I grabbed her shoulder to keep
steady.  "Shoot it, honey.  Make your Mom happy."
	My spooge came in gobs and Mom made sure I painted her face.  She
rubbed my dick all over her cheeks and forehead and chin and lips.  She
let her tongue rub under the head and I grunted when she coaxed another
oozing spurt on her tongue.

[Daniel's mother is a Realtor.  I want to hear from any readers as to
whether I should tell her about the story and the Polaroid Daniel put
with it. --- DN]



A Kodak Family Moment
<p>
	I don't think is what you had in mind when you made this
assignment, but my memorable family moment was when I found out that my
dad was fucking mom's sister.  With mom's help.
	A long time ago I made a peephole in my closet so I could watch
mom and dad screw.  They have a busy wallpaper so they didn't notice. 
And I recently managed to borrow a small mini-cam lens (don't ask me how)
so now I can just lay [sic] in bed and watch them go at it.  A little
microphone picks up some of the sound, too.  Daddy's got a big prick and
mom loves it.  It's close to 10 inches long.  
	I was horny to begin with one night when I came in from
cheerleading practice and turned on my tv.  I could hear fucking In my
folks room I turned on my tv and saw my mom, dad and another woman.  Her
head was between mom's thighs as she ae mom's puss and dad was fucking
her from behind.
	"Now fuck her asshole, Ed!" mom told dad.and he pulled his prick
from the woman's puss and slid it in her ass.  Well, he couldn't slide it
in, exactly.  He pushed, she thrashed, mom held her.  Her voice was
muffled in mom's crotch but she was yelling something.  I could make out
"Shit" and other swear words.  Daddy's prick was shiny and slick but he
really had to work to get in.  Ut he did.  He kept slappping her but and
mom kept her head between her legs.  Dad came and yelled like he always
does and when they rolled apart theat's when I saw that the woman was my
aunt Pam, mom's younger sister.  She used to babysit me when I was a kid.
	I've watched them several times since then.  It seems Pam has
been lapping Mom's puss for years.  She sure likes dad's big prick, too. 
I made a videotape with some of the action.  If it will help me get a
better grade, I'll loan it to you, Mr. Nichols.
[I don't know any of the adults involved.  ---DN]

















































--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....