 TEACHERS -------by Tom Depp   Jailhouse BBS (305)944-6271
 
 
     It was my sophomore year and I was failing my math
miserably.  Partly it was because I just don't like math and
don't even want to understand it.  Partly it was because I was
really distracted by this guy in my class named Don.  I always
tried to sit where I could watch him, it was worth it.
     Well, I was sitting there one day looking at Don, and
getting horny as Hell.  Don is a small guy, with long black,
curly hair, and very pale skin.  He is handsome and well built
and when he stands up, his pants stick out about a foot in front
of him.  He must be hung like a monster.  I was sitting there
thinking about that and getting a hard on that frustrated me
because I couldn't do anything about it, when Mr. B. called my
name.  I didn't hear him and things got embarrassing.  Mr. B. is
very rigid with his class and he pulled one of those asshole
tricks that teachers seem to get off on.  He made me stand up and
said "Now why don't you tell us all just what you find so
distracting?"  Well, I just said, "Oh, nothing, sir, just
daydreaming" and tried to sit back down before the whole fucking
planet noticed I had a hard on.  My "sir" got a few laughs
anyway.  I guess not too many people noticed, but I am sure Mr.
B. did, because of what happened later.
     He gave me detention, three nights after class I had to stay
and work problems on the board.  Not too bad, as I needed the
practice and usually had to hang around school until about five
anyway to get a ride home.
     The first night, I showed up right after my last class and
he wrote twenty problems on the board.  He said I could go when I
had finished them and he had checked them all out.
     I stood at the board and began working the problems.  For a
while he watched me, then he got up and left the room.  I
continued working, and made my way very slowly through what was
going on.  I didn't understand the problems at all.   Mr. B. came
back at about five and looked into the room.  I was on problem
six of the twenty after all that time, and he just shook his head
and went out again.  I kept working, but it began to be a real
pain in the ass. The school shuts off the air conditioning at
night, and after five, the place gets like an oven.  The room I
was in was really bad, as the windows had no shades at all, just
some tinting and the afternoon sun was heating it up badly.
     When Mr. B. looked in again about six, I was standing in
front of the board perspiring from keeping my hands in the air
working on the problem, number fourteen, that was defeating me.
I guess he took pity on me, because he came inside and told me to
take a break.
     I went outside and found a fountain.  I took a couple of
long drinks then splashed some water on my chest.  Earlier, when
I began to perspire I had pulled out my shirt and unbuttoned it,
to get cooler.  As I went back inside I started buttoning it up,
and Mr. B. Told me, "Nah, just be comfortable."  That was kind of
a shock, because he was such a stickler for perfection.  With
him, shirts should be tucked in, shoes should be tied just right,
and if he had his way, he'd have us all wearing suits and ties to
school.
     Well, I walked over to his desk, and he motioned me over in
front of him.  He pushed back his chair and I stood between him
and his desk, I even sat back on it, just kind of resting.  He
hooked a thumb over his shoulder and asked me "what's the
problem.  Why are these hard for you?"
     We went into a lot of bullshit, but I was surprised to find
out he really did want to know why I was having problems, he was
not just ragging on me.
     After a while we talked a couple of things through and I
started working at the board again.  He stood right behind me and
sort of guided me through step by step on one of the equations.
It really helped, and I'm very glad he took time to explain some
of this stuff to me.  We were both pleased when I finished the
last of the problems and he put a congratulatory hand on my
shoulder when I was done.
     I stepped back just about the time he did that, and bumped
into him.  It was one of those clumsy moves that just seem to
happen.  Well, to get his balance, he reached around and put his
hand on my chest.  That was ok, but he just left it there
afterward.  We were standing really close, and when he pulled me
back against him, I felt that his cock was hard.  He let me go
very quickly, but I got the message.
     We sort of talked around the subject for a while, but when
he sat back down in his chair, I could see that he was still
hard, and I stopped and looked him over really well for maybe the
first time.
     Mr. B. was maybe thirty-one or thirty-two years old.  He had
sort of blond-red hair that he wore collar-length.  He was not a
big man, but he seemed big because of the suits he wore, tweed
and elbow patches and that whole thing.  I knew he played tennis,
because I had seen him on the courts sometimes.  I remembered
from there that he was in pretty good shape, and what I could see
while looking at him pretty much confirmed it.
     I decided to go for it.  I sat back on his desk, and put my
arms behind me.  That exposed a lot of skin for him to look at,
and he did look.  Conversation sort of died out about then and we
just looked at each other.  I leaned forward and took my shirt
off and asked him "do you mind?"  He didn't.
     Things didn't heat up, though I could see that he still had
a hard on when he got up and took off his coat.  As he loosened
his tie he sat back down.  I just leaned back against his desk
again.  We sort of stood there looking at each other until I
reached down and unbuttoned the button of my jeans.  My jeans
were really tight and that caused my zipper to open a little.
He saw some skin, maybe enough to know that I wasn't wearing any
underwear, and that decided him.  He stood up and went to lock
the doors of the classroom.  He pulled down the shades, and on
the way back he lost his shirt and tie.
     He sat down in his chair again, in his slacks and
undershirt. He rolled up to me and unzipped my fly.  Pulling my
jeans down around my ankles, he sort of lifted me up onto his
desk.  I sat there, my arms behind me, leaning back, while he
pushed my knees apart, and then pulled me forward until I sat
right on the edge of the desk.
     My cock was stiff as a steel pipe by now, and he dove right
down on it.  Damn, but he was hot for it!  He didn't give me a
second to kick back and enjoy things at all.  He began bobbing up
and down on my cock instantly and kept going like a jackhammer
for two or three minutes.  I came really quickly, and he sucked
up every bit of it.  And he didn't stop, he just kept sucking.
The second time he took it a little slower, and moved his hands
around a little, stroking the inside of my things and once
tickling my stomach with his finger tips.  When I came again, he
finally looked up at me and stopped sucking.  He didn't say
anything, but he had the most grateful look I'd ever seen.  It's
still the most grateful look I've ever seen.  I don't know if
that was his first cock in a long time or what, but he really
wanted it bad.
     He stood up, and I figured it was my turn to do some
sucking.  I reached over and un-zipped his fly.  I pulled his
cock out through his shorts, and bent forward to suck him, but he
stopped me.  Instead he turned me around and put me face down on
his desk.  I wasn't too sure I wanted fucked, because I was
pretty new at it then, but he didn't leave me any choice.  His
cock was about seven inches long, uncircumcised and was the
biggest around I had ever seen up to then.  He used it on me like
he hated my guts.  He just walked up and shoved it in, and never
tried to  make it easy on me.  I gasped and groaned a little when
he stuck it in, and he sort of stroked the back of my neck and
told me to take it easy.  Without any care for me he began pumping
the full length of his cock in and out of my tender young ass.  He
spent a  lot of time cupping my cheeks in his hands and rubbing
his palms all over my ass while he fucked me.  I don't know how
long it took him to cum, but it seemed like he fucked me for
hours.  He just kept ramming that pole of his in and out in long
full strokes.
     When he came, he reached forward and pulled me up on my
elbows.  He put his hands on my chest and pinched my nipples
really hard while he shot his load of cum up my ass.  That was
the first time anyone did that to me, but since then I learned
that both Marc and Josh like to do that too.
     Well, after that, he zipped up, and I got dressed, and we
parted without saying much.
     I asked him the next day if I was still on detention, and he
said "Of course, I can't start going back on things like that."
     Well, it was worth a try.
     For the next two days, the same things happened.  He'd come
in after all my problems were done, or help me if I got stuck,
and when everything was finished he'd go down on my cock like a
starving man on a T-bone steak.  The last day, Friday, he sucked
me four times in a row, without ever taking my cock out of his
mouth, even when it was soft.  Thursday and Friday he rolled me
over as soon as he was done sucking and fucked the shit out of
me.
     He never did let me suck him.
     For the rest of the year, about every two weeks he would
tell me "be a bad boy" and I would do something to get detention.
This happened about six more times during the year.  Every time
was just the same.  He really liked to suck.
 
                          The End
