Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




by:  Big Daddy

One of my better stories probably because it actually has a symblance of an
end.  Some good build up and some good sex scenes makes this a better piece
than my usual.  As with all my stories please give me feedback. Rate my
story on a scale of 1-4 with 4 being the best and tell me what you really
liked and what you could have lived without.

Thanks...



	I had threatened and threatened Jason that if he didn't clean his room I
was going to clean it for him.  I even told him before he went to bed that
if it was still a mess in the morning I was going to clean his room, even
if it meant going through his personal stuff.  So, when I saw the little
shoe box tucked away behind some blankets in the closet I figured I had
every right to peek.  
	Even though I knew Jason was at school and well into his second class of
the day, I couldn't help but feel my heart race as I opened the box. 
Inside I found a pile of photographs upside down and I was dying to see
what they were of. Quickly I pulled the box down from the top shelf in the
closet and sat on my son's bed.  I looked nervously at the door, expecting
I don't know what and flipped over the first stack of pictures.
	The first thing I noticed was that they were nude photographs of some
woman and it only took my spinning head about 10 seconds to register that
these were nude photo's of ME!  I knew the photo's full well.  My husband
had gotten a new $5,000 camera outfit a year ago for Christmas and had
talked me in to letting him take pictures of me one night when I had a few
too many to drink.
	As I flipped through the pictures in utter dismay my face flushed with
embarrassment.  In picture after picture I posed like some cheap slut,
spreading my legs and playing with my breasts.  There were pictures of me
fingering myself, shoving dildo's up inside me and sucking on my own
nipples.  There were even pictures of my husband and I having sex.  A few
of me giving him head, a few of him eating me out, and a whole bunch of me
on top of him.  How was I ever going to face my son again knowing he had
seen me like this?
	My embarrassment quickly turned to anger at my husband.  Jack had promised
me he had burned these pictures months ago.  Not thrown away - burned! 
Obviously the lying bastard had hid them somewhere where Jason could get
hold of them.  Picking up the stack of photos I hurried to our bedroom and
called the son of a bitch at work.
	It only took me 2 minutes to convince my husband that he needed to take
the day off from work to fix this problem.  When he arrived in our bedroom
I had all the photo's spread out neatly in a display.
	"This is what our son had in his closet!" I said sarcastically.
	"I'm sorry," Jack gasped almost as if he was relieved it wasn't something
more important.  "I told him to throw them in the burn pile when he was
done looking at them and I guess…"
	"YOU WHAT??" I screamed in shock.  "You let him look at these?"
	"Now don't get all mad," my husband said moronically.  
	"Don't get mad?  You let our teen age son look at nude pictures of us and
I'm not supposed to get mad?  How am I supposed to even face him again
knowing he's seen these?"
	"Calm down a second," Jack said.  "Will you just think about this for a
second?"
	"Think about what?" I snapped trying to calm down.  Even though my husband
was totally at fault, if it was one thing I realized after 18 years of
marriage it was that he knew how to communicate.  My husband had taught me
that yelling and screaming was no way to communicate and I knew better.
	"Think about what?" I said more calmly.
	"Ok," Jack said as he put his hands on his hips.  "Now these pictures were
taken almost a year ago right?"
	"Right," I huffed.
	"And we went to burn them about a month later, right?"
	"Well I thought so," I snapped.  "But obviously they weren't"
	"Right," Jack said.  "So that means Jason's had these pictures for almost
a year now right?"
	"Right," I found myself agreeing.  I could see where my husband was going
with this even before he said it.
	"So you've been facing him every day for almost a year now after he's seen
these photo's.  Really, what's the difference now?"
	"Well now I know about it," I fumed.  "I see your point but what the hell
were you doing letting him see these in the first place?"
	"Jason wanted to learn about sex," my husband said.  "I was so embarrassed
about explaining it too him that I finally just offered to show him
pictures."
	"Of US?" I gasped. "Couldn't you have just rented a porno or something?"
	"Well it was kinda a spur of the moment thing you know," Jack argued. 
"Besides, you're a beautiful woman and Jason was curious what you were…you
know…"
	"What I was what?" I asked.
	"He was curious what you were like in bed," Jack smiled and then chuckled
to himself.
	"How do you know?" I blushed.
	"He told me," Jack smiled.  "I shit you not.  When I told him about sex
the first thing he asked as how good you were.  When I asked him why he
wanted to know he told me you were a very beautiful woman and he figured
you were pretty good."
	"Oh my god that's so embarrassing," I said with a blush again.  "And so
you told him what?"
	"I told him you were all right," my husband said with a tone that told me
he was teasing.
	"OH, just all right huh?" I found myself laughing in embarrassment.
	"No," Jack laughed.  "I told him you were a great fuck and that he should
try you some time."
	"YOU DIDN'T!" I demanded.
	"What if I did?" Jack demanded back.
	"Tell me you didn't say that," I said blushing bright red at the thought
of my son wanting to sleep with me.
	"Sorry, I can't say I didn't," Jack said backing up defensively as if I
were going to hit him.
	"Oh my God you did didn't you?" I said as I covered my face in my hands to
hide my cherry red cheeks.
	"Yep," Jack said.  "And that's when I showed him the pictures.  I told him
these were pictures of what he could have if he were me."
	"Oh my God!" I blushed.  "I'm so embarrassed."
	"I told him he should ask you to teach him about sex.  You know what I
mean?" Jack winked.  "But he was too chicken."
	"You offered me to your son?" I asked shocked.  "What were you thinking??"
	"Actually the thought of you having sex with our son turns me on," Jack
blushed now.  "A LOT!"
	"I can't believe this!" I said as I sat on the edge of the bed and held my
spinning head.  "You're telling me that you showed our son pictures of us
having sex and that you wanted me to have sex with him to show him how?"
	"In a word," Jack paused.  "Yes."
	For a long moment I sat thinking.  No thought could stay in my head for
very long at one time.  I thought about how my husband betrayed me and
showed our son those pictures.  I thought about how my own son had now seen
me naked and in such an embarrassing way.  I thought about how my husband
suddenly revealed that he wanted me to have sex with our own son.  But most
of all I was thinking about what it would be like.  I thought about what I
would say, how I would teach our son.  I thought about undressing in front
of him and watching him get hard as he watched me.  I thought about him
undressing in front of me and letting me see his hard cock ready for me….
	"This is stupid," I said as I felt my crotch getting damper by the second.
 "Jason isn't going to want to have sex with his mother.  I mean come on!"
	"Why do you think he kept those pictures?" Jack prodded me even as I tried
to force the idea out of my head.  "What do you think he thinks about when
he looks at those pictures?"
	In my mind I pictured our teen son masturbating in his bed while looking
at pictures of me and my pussy began to ache.
	"And you want me to do this with him?" I asked.
	"Oh god Gloria," my husband half panted.   "Yes I want you to."
	"I can't believe I'm going to fuck my own son," I found myself saying
suddenly as my pussy practically dripped with excitement.
	"You're going to do it??" my husband asked excitedly.  "REALLY?"
	"If he wants me to," I blushed as I looked over at the pictures spread
across our bed.  "But only because you want me to."
	What I said then was a lie.  Fact is I wanted it more now than my husband.
 An hour before I would have never considered this but suddenly I was
burning with passion for my own flesh and blood inside me.  The thought of
fucking my son was driving me wild.
	Shamelessly I arranged with my husband for him to be gone all night that
night so I'd have plenty of time to work on Jason and seduce him someway. 
	"Pick up some slut at the bar and have a good time in some hotel," I told
my husband.  That way I knew he'd be gone all night and wouldn't interrupt
anything.  Sure I loved my husband and didn't want him to cheat on me but
under the circumstances I figured what the hell.
	My husband agreed to be gone all night but promised he wouldn't cheat on
me even though I tried to convince him it was all right.  The moment he
left the house I locked the door and ripped down my panties from beneath my
skirt.  Plunging three fingers up inside my sopping cunt I fucked myself
right there as I bent my knees and brought myself to a raging orgasm.  
	As I prepared for the evening, putting on garter belts and fishnet
stockings I had to play with myself three more times while thinking of my
son inside me.  I had never felt like such a slut before then the moment my
son walked through the front door.  Here was my own flesh and blood, whom I
gave birth to not even 17 years ago and I was going to try and seduce him
tonight.
	When he entered the house I was wearing a short skirt, fishnet stockings
and a tight white tee shirt that really accentuated my 38DD breasts.  In an
instant I felt like a silly whore and wanted to run and hide in my bedroom
and never face him again.
	"Wow!" Jason said when he realized what I was wearing.
	"I'm sorry," I said as I blushed cherry red and looked away.  I couldn't
face him now.  I couldn't look in his eyes knowing what I knew about the
pictures and what my husband had told me.
	"You look great," Jason said ignoring the fact that I wasn't looking at
him.
	"Thanks," I said weakly.  
	"You and dad have a hot date planned tonight?" my son asked naively
	"Actually your father wont be coming home tonight," I said as I found the
nerve to look at him.
	My son's face turned pale and I realized what he must be thinking.
	"NO! We're not fighting or anything," I clarified.  "He just…he…"
	Shit, I didn't know what to say suddenly and I was starting to sweat
nervously.
	"You father thought we should be alone tonight," I said.  "To talk."
	"About what?" Jason asked as he sat his books down and looked at me
quizzically.
	"Things," I said embarrassed about the whole situation.  "You know, adult
things."
	"Oh," Jason blushed finally as bright as me.  "Those kind of things.  Dad
and I talked about it already.  Long time ago."
	"I know," I said sheepishly.  "But we haven't talked about it right?"
	"I guess not," Jason said as he sat on the couch.  "Ok, let's talk."
	"You're making this very difficult on me," I said as I stood there waiting
for him to offer some encouragement.  "You're father told me he showed you
pictures."
	"UH…" Jason stammered.  "What pictures?"
	"Pictures of us," I said.  "Of me.  You know, naked.  Having sex with your
father."
	"Oh uh, ya," Jason blushed. "He showed me some stuff like that."
	"Do you know how to do that stuff?" I asked.
	"Oh sure," Jason obviously lied.  "I know all about it."
	"Do you?" I asked again.  "Do you know how to do it right? Do you know how
it feels?"
	"Sure," Jason lied again.  "I've done it before."
	"Have you?" I said.  "Who was the girl?"
	"Uh…uh…" Jason thought.
	"You haven't done it have you?" I asked.
	"No," Jason blushed.
	"Don't you want to know what it's like?" I asked baiting the trap.
	"I guess so," Jason blushed.
	"After all, you don't want to have a girlfriend who's ready someday and
you don't know what to do right?"
	"Right," Jason said quietly.
	"Ok," I said as I quickly sat on the couch next to him and put my hands in
my lap.  "So let's say I'm your girlfriend."
	"RIGHT!" Jason said embarrased.
	"Just pretend," I said.  "Now let's say I'm your girlfriend and we're
kissing.  Do you mind if I kiss you?"
	"Uh," Jason turned bright red.  "I guess not."
	"Ok," I said. "So let's say I kiss you and I do this."
	Without hesitating I kissed my son on the lips and slowly parted them. 
Surprisingly my son's lips parted with mine and I slipped my tongue quickly
into his mouth and licked his hot young tongue.
	My body tingled all over as I slowly worked my tongue across my son's,
filling his young mouth with my kiss until I finally broke away breathing
heavy.
	"Now," I said looking into his eyes.  "What would you do?"
	"I'd probably feel her up," he said shyly.
	"Show me," I breathed as I started kissing him again.
	Suddenly my son's hands were feeling my giant breasts as his tongue
flicked around inside my mouth.  Without thinking my hand stabbed into my
son's crotch and began rubbing his hard young cock.  To my utter surprise
Jason's cock was huge!  It had to be much thicker than his father's and
probably longer too.
	With my free hand I quickly began pulling up my shirt until I uncovered my
bare naked tits.  Jason's hands were instantly on my bare breasts, kneading
and squeezing them frantically.
	"Fuck me Jason," I panted as I started unzipping my son's pants.   "Give
me that big hard cock!"
	"Oh mother," my strong son moaned as he laid me down on my back, his hands
still all over my massive globes.
	My body was on fire as my son took control and quickly pulled up my skirt
as I finished unzipping his pants.
	"You want it?" I panted as my son tugged my panties down and uncovered my
well groomed brown bush.  "You want to fuck your mother?"
	"Yes!" Jason groaned as he struggled to get my panties down over my knees
while he was still on top of me.
	"Just rip them!" I demanded as my son struggled more and more to get them
off.  "Just rip them off I don't care,"
	I was pulling my son's pants down off of his young muscular hips as he
grabbed my panties with both hands and tore them open.  I nearly came right
there as I felt my panties tear away and expose my naked pussy for my eager
son.  My knees fell wide open like the slut I knew I was deep down inside. 
I tugged my son's underwear down over his enormous hard pole and stared at
it over the top of my bulging chest.
	"I want it inside me Jason," I gasped out of breath.  "I want you inside
me son."
	"Oh god mother," Jason said as he reached down and grabbed a hold of his
thick monster.  "I've wanted to do this for so long."
	Like a pro my son guided his big pole between my legs.  Holding one of my
breasts in hand I used my other to open the lips of my eager pussy.
	"Put it in," I begged him.  "Please baby.  Put it inside me."
	I bucked uncontrollably when my son's thick cock head hit my open pussy
and I started to cum.
	Both of my hands shot up and grabbed on to my son's strong shoulders as he
plunged his huge cock up inside me with one hard push.
	"OHHH!!!" I gasped out loud as my body wracked with orgasm.  My legs
instinctively wrapped around my son's back, my heels digging into his tight
young ass as he started pumping his monstrous cock in and out of my
dripping cunt.
	"FUCK ME!" I screamed shamelessly.  "Oh fuck me Jason!"
	Jason obliged my every desire as he pulled himself up into me further and
drilled me hard on the couch.  I could feel my son's big balls slapping on
my ass and it made me cum even harder.
	"I love you mom," he said to me as he leaned down and began sucking on my
sensitive nipples.
	"I…love…you…too…" I gasped as I pressed my sons face into my breasts and
worked my hips upward to meet his stabbing thrusts.
	With a loud howl my son suddenly pulled his thick cock out of me and
grabbed it in his large fist.  I raised my head above my chest and watched
his beautiful thick cum squirt out onto my stomach and tits.
	"Oh baby yes!" I purred as my son frantically jerked his cum all over my
stomach and pussy.  "Get mommy all sticky.  Ooo!"
	"Oh mom," Jason moaned as he finished jerking off all his load.  
	Then slowly my son got off of me and left me there, spread wide on the
couch, covered in my own sons cum, my panties hanging from one leg and my
shirt up around my shoulders.
	"I feel like such a whore," I said quietly as my son sat at the end of the
couch exhausted.
	
	"Don't," Jason said as he reached over between my legs and smeared his cum
across my stomach.
	"That felt so good Jason," I said.  "Are you sorry you did it?"
	"Oh never!" Jason laughed.  "I'm just trying to gather my steam to do it
again.
	"Well let me make it easier on you baby," I said as I sat up and pulled my
shirt up over my head.  I quickly tossed the tee shirt across the floor and
put my hands between my legs.
	Jason's eyes stared at my heaving chest which still oozed his wonderful
hot cum.
	Slowly I slid off the couch, looking into my son's eyes as I crawled
between his knees and took hold of his still hard cock.
	"Here," I said as I smiled. "Let me give you some enthusiasm.
	With that I opened my mouth and slid my son's big prick between my lips.
	"Oh yes," Jason moaned.  "Just like I always imagined it…"
	Slowly I sucked my son's cock, bobbing my head up and down and licking his
head with wet circles.
	"Yes mother," Jason moaned as he grabbed my long brown hair and curled it
up in his fist. "Suck it!"
	"Let's get you out of these pants," I said at last as my son smiled warmly
down at me.
	"Yes," he agreed as he helped me pull off all of his clothes.
	Standing on my knees I leaned forward and pushed my huge breast around
both sides of my son's glorious cock.  Slowly I moved my tits up and down
my son's cock feeling it's thick hard shaft sliding between my sweaty
breasts.
	"Oh mother," Jason groaned as he watched me work his big pole between my
lobes.
	Brushing the hair off of my breasts I pulled back and rubbed one hard
nipple across the tip of my son's cock.
	"I never imagined it could be this good," I said as I kissed his stomach
and began working my way up his body.
	Jason took me in his arms and lifted me up on top of him.
	"Oh my you're strong," I admired as I positioned my knees on either side
of my son's hips and felt his hard cock against my wet pussy.
	Jason could not respond as he suddenly buried his face in my tits and
began sucking my nipples hard.  I held on to my son's head for a moment and
moaned with delight as he suckled my breasts like he did when he was a
baby.
	"I love it when you do that baby," I moaned.  "But I just have to get the
wonderful cock back inside me."
	"Here you go mother," Jason said as he reached between us and grabbed his
big prick.  "Let me give it to you."
	"Yes. Give it to me baby.  Give it to your mother like she's never had it
before."
	Jason wasted no time positioning his thick pole against my wet cunt and I
obliged myself by pushing down on his enormous pole.
	"UHHHH!" I gasped as I felt my pussy stretch around his thick shaft and
adjust once more to his wonderful size.  "That's just what mommy needs! 
Ooo ya…"
	"I wish dad could see us now," Jason laughed uncomfortably as my pussy
squeezed his cock like I was wringing the life out of it.
	"OH I don't think your father had any idea how big you really are," I
panted as I slowly began moving my hips around making my son's thick cock
stretch my pussy even more.  "I think you're going to stretch me all out
tonight."
	"Oh mother I hope so," Jason moaned as he grabbed my ass tightly and
pulled my hips back and forth on him.
	"Oh ya?" I gasped each time he pulled my ass toward him.  "You want to
make my pussy all loose and sloppy for him?"
	"Oh ya," Jason smiled as he began sucking my nipples while he fucked me.
	"I do too," I said as I began lifting my ass up each time he let me move
so that I began fucking his big cock up and down inside me as well as back
and forth.  "Let's wreck mommy's pussy.  Fuck the shit out of me baby."
	"YA!" Jason moaned as he let go of my ass and let me start bouncing up and
down on his glorious cock.  I made it a concentrated effort to wiggle my
hips as I fucked him so it drove my ass into his hips.  My body pulsed with
the rhythmic slapping of my ass against my son's thighs.
	"Pump me!" I groaned as I worked my pussy up and down on my son.  "Pump my
pussy!!! OOH!"
	"Come on mom," Jason moaned as he grabbed both my tits now and played with
them.  "Stretch it out!"
	"I am baby," I panted now.  "Stretch my pussy baby!  Stretch mommy out!
OOO…"
	Jason continued taking turns squeezing and sucking my big tits as I fucked
him until I came again.
	"Make mommy cum!" I shouted. "Make her cum!!!"
	"Oh mother I love you!" Jason shouted spontaneously which made me cum with
gushes.
	"OHHH!!" I screamed.  "OH GOD FUCK ME!!!  MAKE ME CUMM!!!!!!"


	My son and I made love all night that night and I found myself fucked in
so many ways and so many times that I could hardly move come 2am.  He
fucked me on the kitchen table, bent over the counter, in the shower, in
bed, and on the floor.  I also learned that my son was just as good eating
pussy as he was stretching it out.  By the end of the night my son's cock
slipped inside me like a hot knife through butter and I knew my husband's
average size prick would feel small from now on.  It didn't matter.  I had
found my new lover anyway…










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....