The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website at: http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html), please contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.








Subject: Repost: Boys Lives 1 (F/teen b) 


                       Chapter One
 
  As Susan Sutton read off the roll for her Freshman Algebra class
she thought about one of her students in particular, little Ricky
Jacobs, an very cute but extremely shy young boy. He had started
this year completely new to the area and in the three weeks since
school began had not seemed to make any friends. Susan was worried 
because he didn't seem to pay attention in class at all and she knew
his grades from his previous school and test results showed he was
a highly intelligent kid, so what was different here? 
  The roll ended and she gave the class a chapter to read before
discussion and questions, while they were reading she payed close
attention to Ricky to see if he was even reading the assigned work.
At least the boy appeared to be, so she set about thinking on the 
possible problems and reasons for his lack of interest in this new
school. She prayed it wasn't due to abuse in the home, god how she
hated that!
  
  After 20 minutes she asked if everyone had read the material and
then began to answer the students questions and demonstrate the
solutions on the board. The kids all grabbed their books and made
ready to leave as soon as the bell rang but Susan had decided to
keep Ricky after class...
 
        "Richard I'd like to speak with you so please remain seated."
and she smiled at the boy hoping to relax him. He nodded and stayed
in his seat wondering what he'd done wrong.
 
        Susan shut the door as soon as all the other students were out
and went and sat on a desk near the boy. As she sat down she realized
that she'd never really noticed just how cute this youngman was, he
was definitely a handsome boy, kinda small for his age but very good
looking. His light blonde hair, brilliant blue eyes, and slight but
obviously sturdy young body were quite appealing to the eye so what
was the problem with him making friends here, especially girl friends?
 
        "OK Richard wanna tell me why you never seem to pay attention in
my class?" 
 
        The boy looked down at his desk trying to think of what to say
when the woman spoke again.  "I've seen your grades and test scores
Richard, you are the brightest boy in any of my classes and yet you
will fail this class if you don't start trying.... So what is the 
problem?"
 
        Ricky looked up at his teacher, her pretty smile, long legs, and
full breasts made her a very pretty young woman. (She was only 26
but Ricky had no idea of that, just that she was an adult and his
teacher) His face flushed as he looked at her, and Susan thought
she knew the problem! It wouldn't be the first time an adolescent
boy had a crush on her, she knew she was a pretty woman and that a
lot of the boys here in the school talked about her. At first it had
pissed her off and made her wonder if she'd be able to teach them
anything but she finally got over it realizing boys will be boys and
that their hormones couldn't be stopped! 
    
        "You're still only 13 aren't you Rick?" Susan asked carefully.
 
  The boy nodded and blushed again, making him the picture of cuteness
to the teacher. He was embarrassed allright, he had a crush on his 
teacher and was confused at recent happenings in his life because of
that!
        
        Susan reached over and touched the boy's arm intending to let him
know she understood how he felt and help him relax, but he only turned
redder and know she knew why! She could see a definite bulge in the
front of the boys pants! He was hard and trying to hide it from her
and she was making it worse by touching him. She could see him 
shuddering in his chair at her touch and pulled her hand back hoping
that would ease his tension, but the boy flushed in the face anyway.
 
        Ricky had been hard most of the class, even before he got there,
thinking of his beautiful teacher and didn't really understand why
since no one had ever talked to him about puberty or sex in his life.
All kids of strange things had been happening to him lately and he
had no understanding of them at all! First his penis had started
getting hard in the middle of the night and he had awoken to find he'd
made a mess in his shorts which scared him into thinking something
was wrong with him, then he started getting hard in class as well!
Not to mention that in P.E. he had begun looking at the other boys
to see if they were different from him and noticed that some of them
seemed "cute" to him as well! Talk about screwing his life up! His
emotions were all tangled up and seemed to revolve around his penis
for some reason, very confusing to the young boy to say the least...
 
   With the touch of her hand upon him the boy shuddered and knew he'd
done it in his pants and turned really red in the face, now what would
she think of him he worried. 
 
   Susan realized something had happened as the small frame shuddered
and slumped a bit as tension seemed to drain from the boy. 'Oh my god
he's cum in his pants the poor dear!' She thought to herself. 
        
        "Ricky are you OK?" she asked.
 
        He nodded but wouldn't look at her, he was too embarrassed. Susan
asked him quietly, "You really like me don't you Ricky?" He nodded
again still looking down at his desk feeling the mess in his pants
as it slowly slid down his abdomen to the top of his shrinking penis.
 
        Susan got up and went over and locked the door to the classroom
thankful that she had an inside room with no windows! Getting back
over to the boy she pulled him up out of his seat and he looked down
at his feet wondering what was to happen now, feeling like he should
run away with shame. 
 
        "Ricky I know this hard to answer but I have to know if I'm going
to be able to help you, did something just happen to you? Inside your
pants?" When the boy turned beet red but didn't answer she knew she 
was right. "Has this happened to you before?"
        
        Ricky nodded and said, "Yes," very softly, "but never at school."
His head hanging down and his embarrassment plain to see.
 
        "It's nothing to be ashamed of honey, it happens to boys your age,
don't let it bother you OK?" Ricky nodded. "I'm very flattered that
such a handsome young man would find me attractive." Susan said hoping
to help the boy relax and understand that he was after all "normal".
    
    Going up to her desk and getting her purse she came back and got
some kleenex out of it and told Ricky, "We need to get you cleaned up,
can't have you going into the bathroom with sperm in your pants, the
other boys would give you real hell over that." And with that she
reached down and unbuttoned the boys jeans making him turn red again
but he didn't try to turn away either! Susan knew she wanted to see
this boys dick and knew also she shouldn't be feeling the things she
was about this boy, but there was no doubt in her mind either that
she would see him! As she grabbed his zipper she looked up and saw
that the boy was now completely red and had his eyes closed, damn
but he looks so handsome Susan thought to herself. Then the zipper
came down and she saw the boys white briefs and also the wet spot
that had started this all, it looked like he'd had one hell of an
orgasm! 
 
        Ricky felt the hands undo his jeans and closed his eyes, he wanted
her to do this but he was also embarrassed about her seeing him this
way. He got really excited as his zipper went down and felt himself
getting hard again as she folded back the front of his jeans, knowing
she would soon be seeing him exposed. Then her fingers went into the
waistband of his briefs and he felt her slide them and his jeans down
around his knees and gasped knowing he was completely open to her eyes.
 
        Susan smiled as she saw the boys small penis getting hard again in
his briefs, and hooking two fingers into his briefs on each side of 
his waist she pulled them down slowly seeing the swollen little head
appear made her gulp in anticipation! Then more of the shaft was exposed 
and as she slid his pants and underwear down the woman saw the boy was 
hairless on his pubic region, damn but his sexy little body was turning 
her on she thought! Finally they slid to his knees and all his adolescent 
glory lay open to her adoring gaze...
    
    
        The boys stiff prick was only 3 and a half inches long and not very
thick at all and she could see his sperm had slid down to his hairless
groin and was smearing around the base of his penis as well as running
down onto his small gorgeous little nutsack! Looking up again she saw
Ricky still had his eyes closed and was red in the face but definitely
turned on by what was going on! His hands held stiffly down at his
sides to keep them out of the way, Susan knew he wanted this as much,
maybe even more than she did! 
 
        "Are you OK Ricky? she asked carefully with a bit of lust in her
voice.
 
        "Yes... I'm just nervous Ms. Sutton.... Did I do bad?" the boy
asked in a hushed voice.
 
        "No honey, you're OK. Just relax and I'll clean you up OK?"
 
        "Yes ma'am..." He answered weakly.
 
        Susan started to wipe around his throbbing member with the kleenex
but it wasn't working well and she desperately wanted to do more so she
said, "Oh the hell with it!" and sticking her tongue out began to lick
the boys now cold sperm from his body, running around his penis and
even down between his thighs. Her tongue licked it all up enjoying the
sweet taste of the young boys cum and she licked his small ballsac
clean as well feeling them tighten as she did! Ricky was moaning softly
under her careful ministrations and rocked a little unsteadily as
bliss overtook him. Not wanting to have him buckle to the floor Susan
reached out both hands and cupped his firm young buttcheeks and held
him still, as her tongue ran all over the boys groin.
 
        The hot moist tongue on his crotch set Ricky on fire, he was
excited as he could possibly be and knew he would "come" again soon.
The hands on his butt felt great and he could feel her long fingers
wrapped around into the crevice and a finger was rubbing his anus
which felt really great to him as her tongue lapped up his earlier
mess! He knew he never wanted her to stop! 
 
        Seeing the boys penis throbbing and his little balls pull upward
to his body Susan knew he was going to cum again and decided to make
it the best of his experience so far. Moving up a bit she opened her
mouth and wrapped her hungry lips around the small purple head and
let his stiff prick slide between her lips into her warm waiting
mouth... As Ricky quivered and moaned at this new sensation she took
all of his boyhood into her hot mouth and started sucking upon the
boy knowing he wouldn't last long at all... As he started to shake
Susan let her finger begin to slide into the cute boys bottom and 
felt for his immature prostate to make this an "explosion" Ricky
wouldn't soon forget! 
 
        As he felt her hot breath on his groin he opened his eyes just
a bit and gasped as he saw his teacher open her mouth and his penis
disappear inside it and her hot tongue caress him. As she started
moving up and down his shaft he felt like he was in another world,
all time had stopped and the only thing that mattered to him were
the sensations in his groin! When he thought it could get no better
he felt her slender finger press against his butthole and a little
painfully at first slide into him then it felt fantastic! He had no
idea how much of her finger was inside him but it felt great as she
rubbed it back and forth and soon he moaned and whined as he felt
himself getting ready to explode!
 
        Knowing the boy was close Susan went to work upon his hard penis,
and fingered his sweet bottom faster stimulating him completely! Her
reward came quickly as hot spurts of the boys cum flooded her mouth
and as she swallowed them she purred in delight, this boy had very
sweet cum indeed! 
        
        Ricky's head was thrown back and his whole body shuddered as he 
shot his cream into his teachers waiting mouth, his knees got week
and he thought he'd fall but she held his small body up while she 
drained every last drop from his softening penis... As he began to
return to normal and she took her mouth off him Ricky opened his eyes
again and smiled happily. He was a very content boy now! Having blown
his load twice and once with the woman whom he so completely adored
he was "satisfied" beyond his belief! He heard her talking to him as
she pulled his pants and underwear back up but didn't know what she
was saying his bliss filling him utterly...
 
        "Ricky? Did you hear me?" 
 
        He looked down smiling and shook his head. "No ma'am I'm sorry."
 
        "I said I'm glad I could help you but you have to remember you
can't say anything about this to anyone, understand?" 
 
        He nodded, "Yes Ma'am, I understand that..." He was red-faced
again. He blushed as she kissed his limp penis through his underwear
and then zipped up and fastened his jeans.
 
        "If you want to meet me here after school maybe we can have some 
more fun..." Susan said not believing she'd said it, but knowing full
well she wanted this adorable boy for more sex.
 
        "Really?!" Ricky exclaimed. He was excited at the thought of a 
repeat performance. "I can call my mom and tell her I have to get
some help with class, but what time would I be able to get home?"
He was trembling now as pictures of more fun ran through his mind.
 
        "Where do you live?" Susan asked. After he told her she was even
more excited, this gorgeous young boy lived only a couple blocks from
her! She could arrange many things under those conditions, and knew
she wanted to badly. "Meet me here after last bell and we'll go from
there Ricky, tell your mom I said I'd make sure you get home as soon
as possible OK?" She smiled at the boy as she stood up and ran one
hand through his soft hair.
 
        Ricky nodded and smiled happily, "OK, I'll be here as soon as I 
my stuff from my locker!" He was on cloud nine as Ms. Sutton wrote
him a pass to his next class and couldn't wait to meet her after
school!


                                Chapter Two 
 
        As young Ricky bounced happily down the hall Susan knew she wanted
more than to just give the boy another blowjob... Her panties were soaked 
and her pussy ached for his hard little shaft so she began thinking of 
what her next moves would be... He would be the second boy she'd ever 
"seduced" since she started teaching, and both in the same year! This 
could be a great year she thought to herself!
 
Then as she headed off to the faculty lunchroom she decided to see if 
she could get Ricky to go home with her after school and begin his 
"lessons" in a more private and secure environment, besides, she had 
some interesting ideas for the boy....
        
        The day passed slowly for both of them, both longing for the
embrace of the other and not aware that it was completely mutual,
until later of course...
 
        When the last bell rang Ricky was off like a shot, heading for
his locker and getting his books together then on to Ms. Sutton's
room like his life depended on it! When he entered he got disappointed
quickly when he saw she had her coat on. Had she forgotten him or even
worse changed her mind??? He felt his throat constrict in fear of 
her deciding she didn't "like" him anymore...
 
        Susan heard the boy gulp and turned around smiling, "Oh there you
are Ricky! I thought we'd go to my house where I can help you with
your "studies" a little better, is that OK with you?" 
 
        Ricky smiled immediately, she hadn't forgotten after all! Now he
was going to go home with her and he blushed with excitement as he
said, "Yes ma'am... that's fine..." trying to keep from yelling his 
happiness all over the school!
 
        He followed her out to the parking lot and got in her car feeling
his excitement grow, as well as the bulge in his pants!
 
        Noticing the boy was very quiet Susan asked him how his day had
gone and rested her hand on his slim thigh. 
 
        Ricky gasped at the touch and said, "It was OK, not like this
morning though..." blushing with the memory of her sucking his hard
penis.
 
        "Well the rest of my day wasn't near as fun either!" She said and
glancing over gave the boy a conspiratorial wink which made him giggle
and relax a lot. Damn but he was cute boy Susan thought, happy that
she'd been able to get close to such a gorgeous young creature. Her
mind drifted back to the first boy she'd "had" from this school, his
sensuous young body, hard penis, and loving touches, a truly exquisite
piece of adolescence! And oh the things they had done, the secrets
he shared of his "playmates" with her. A "special" boy, he was able to
get into the pants of all the girls he wanted, and boys as well! The
dear thing was literally a "hopping hormone" if there ever was one!
Susan thought that boys were the highest priority for him though...
 
        After she had seen him looking at her the first day in class 
she knew he was interested in more than Algebra! It was easy to keep 
him after class and even easier to get him out of his pants... She 
smiled at the memory of him completely naked in her classroom and the 
two of them screwing like "old lovers", for gods sake the boy was only 
now approaching 15. He was older than most in his class since he'd been
born late in the year and not allowed to enter on time. Her thoughts
came back to the luscious boy next to her and she was thrilled that
they were close to her home and soon she'd be seeing "more" of him!
 
        She hit the button on her visor and opened the garage door, and
lowered it once she had the car parked. Thankful she had an attached
garage and she and Ricky could get in the house without anyone really
seeing them.
        
        Walking through the house Susan said, "Put your books on the table
Ricky and I'll be with you in a moment OK?" 
 
        Ricky did as he was told setting his books on the table and looked
around the rooms he could easily see, not sure what he was looking for
but intensely curious none the less. Hearing a soft rustle behind him 
he turned around to see Ms. Sutton wearing a robe, her school clothes
traded in for the light silk she now wore. His adolescent imagination
kicked in and he could "see" her full breasts in his mind and felt
his penis harden in his pants as he thought of how they would feel
in his hands...
 
        "Come here Ricky..." Susan said huskily, her lust for the teenager
raging inside like a fire out of control. The boy moved over to her 
and stood only a foot away in front of her, Susan knew she would have 
to lead and didn't mind. Hugging the boy to her she ran her hands on
his small back and down to his tight young buttocks, grasping and
kneading them causing the boy to moan a bit in his excitement.
 
        Ricky was enjoying the womans hands running over his body, his
head resting on her large bosom, her smell intoxicating his mind.
He had no idea how sizes ran in women but knew they were good sized
from the women he'd seen in his life! (In truth they were 36 D's and
quite soft and ample for the 5' 8" teacher's sexy body) He let his
head push into the supple mounds trying to get his face between the
folds of her robe, he desperately wanted to see the large "melons"
as he had heard his father call them. Next thing he knew he was being
led down the hallway, following blindly with desire raging through
his whole body...
 
        He saw that they had entered a bedroom and his heart sang knowing
that soon he would have those wonderful feelings again! Damn but he
wanted to feel his penis surrounded by her hot mouth again, little
did the boy know that wasn't all he was soon to feel....
 
        Taking control Susan held the boy still and wrapped her arms 
around him, pressing her soft lips to his. She felt his surprise at
being kissed but he didn't pull away, then he jumped as he felt her
tongue running along his lips looking for a way into his mouth, Susan
chuckled inside realizing this boy had no concept of kissing at all!
        
        "Relax Ricky... I'm going to teach you to kiss and many other
pleasant things, but you have to trust me and do as I tell you OK?"
 
        The boy nodded and Susan locked her face to his and as her tongue
searched his lips the small mouth opened just a little, tentatively, and
she eased her tongue in and licked his. Ricky shook a little in shock
but Susan could feel him fighting to relax so she kept going, her
wet tongue caressing the roof of his mouth, his cheeks and circling 
tongue as well. The boy was moaning continuously now as her mouth did
it's job and her hands were busy too! One hand on his groin massaging the
small hardness through his jeans and the other up his shirt and rubbing
his back sensuously had the boy in an uproar...
        
        Once she was sure Ricky was "fired up" Susan slid her hand off his
crotch , undid and unzipped the boys jeans letting her hand massage his 
stiff penis though his shorts and then diving over the waistband to feel 
the soft tender skin of Ricky's throbbing penis making the boy moan long 
and deep as he felt her fingers manipulate the head of his sensitive penis!
Her desire out of control Susan put her hands inside the boys briefs and 
pushed both underwear and jeans to his ankles, and bending down pulled his 
sneakers off then his clothes leaving him wearing his socks and t-shirt only.
He looked so beautiful to her standing there his young body waiting just for 
her touch, the hard little cock of the boy standing out proudly! Leaning 
forward Susan licked the boys drawn up scrotum sending shivers through his 
small frame, and as she licked his hard shaft she got him to lift first one
foot then the other as she got his socks off him. 
 
        Ricky loved the sensations running through him, he'd never have
believed that he would ever be naked (well almost naked he thought)
with such a pretty woman! Deciding to get completely naked he pulled
his shirt over his head and dropped it to the floor with the rest of
his clothes feeling free and wonderful in his nakedness as the soft
tongue slid upon his genitals. He was surprised at her strength when
she all but lifted him by his butt and moved him back onto the bed.
Ricky didn't realize that 85 pounds of boy was not that much for a 
young woman horny with desire!  
 
        Following the boy onto the bed Susan immediately buried her face
in his hairless groin again and as her hand ran down between his legs
Ricky spread his legs willingly. Soon she had his hard penis in her 
hungry mouth and one finger rubbing his tight little anus, Ricky 
whimpering as his body filled with desire. 
 
        Ricky couldn't believe she wanted to play with his backside but
it felt great to him so he didn't ask her to stop, in fact he wanted
her to put her finger in like she had done this morning. The feelings
that had given him were outrageous and he wanted more! He ran his
hand over his teachers head feeling her silky black hair and trying
to show her how much he enjoyed what she was doing for him. He gasped
as he felt her finger, greasy for some reason, slide slowly into his
butt and ease deeper into him than it had this morning making him feel
like he had to poop! 
 
        "Oh goddddd..." Ricky muttered as her finger went to work and she
rolled his penis in her mouth. He felt his legs tighten up and knew
he was going to "come" soon! The thrusting finger in his butt was 
hitting some "magical" spot inside him and the feeling of her tongue
swirling on the head of his penis was too much and Ricky began spewing
his load into the warm mouth, waves of pleasure shaking his young body!
 
        Susan felt the boy stiffen and then the first load of boycum blew
into her mouth and she moaned her need for his sweet juice swallowing
that spurt and craving the next! Ricky being young could make it quick
but not a lot so she only got three little jets of the wonderful
fluid and lovingly ate the boys sperm like it was a feast, knowing
there would be others to follow another day! 
 
        As Ricky's orgasm ran over and out of him Susan moved up next to 
him and ran her hands through his hair and kissed him first on the
forehead, then on the lips. He didn't resist and even opened his mouth
as she ran her tongue inside his, he could taste his "come" on her
tongue, not bad he thought, different, but not bad.. He smiled at the
thought of himself being "edible" and giggled a little.
 

        Susan thought that the boy was ready for his next lesson and drew
his head to her chest, sure enough he began licking her breasts and
she told him to make sure to get her nipples, that women like that,
and he went right to them! He was going to be a "good student" she
could see and looked forward to "teaching" him all there was to know!
As his little tongue licked away upon her nipples Susan rubbed his
back feeling the soft warm skin, a sheen of sweat covered him and he
was so sexy lying there she knew she wanted to continue on with him
quickly!
        
        "Ricky honey?" He looked up at her and smiled back as she smiled
lovingly (if not lustfully) down at him. "Can you do for me what I
did for you please dear?" 
 
        Ricky was confused, she didn't have anything down there to suck
on like she had done to him, what did she want? He nodded but asked
softly, "How do I do that though, there's nothing there...."
 
        Susan smiled and giggled making Ricky giggle too with her playful
attitude and told him, "Move down here," Susan moved him lower upon her 
belly, "and look at me, see the differences honey?" Ricky stared at her 
womanhood and gulped, he'd never seen one before and it had all his 
attention! He nodded and Susan said, "Just lick it dear, like I did to 
you..." and her hand pushed the back of his head urging him down closer to 
her steamy pussy. Soon she felt his first cautious flick of his tongue then 
he became more comfortable with it and he started licking her seriously, 
if somewhat ineffectually...
        
        "I'm going to guide your head Ricky, don't panic, I'm just going
to show you where the spots are that count.." Susan told the boy her
voice shaking as she wanted to feel his little tongue on her badly!
As she held the blonde head in her hands she moved it over her clit
and soon the moist feeling of the boys tongue licking away on it had
her moaning and telling Ricky how good he was doing! 
 
        Ricky wanted to please Ms. Sutton very much for what she'd done 
for him so he went at it with all his might, trying to find the spots
that would make her as happy as he had been only moments ago. Her
groin was wet and smelly, not bad, just musky like nothing he could
think off. Must just be how women are he thought to himself as he
licked away at the little projection she'd guided him to and he 
giggled thinking it looked like a little dick! She seemed to really
like him licking on it so he went a step farther and wrapped his
soft lips on it and felt it stiffen, he was really surprised now!
'It is like a little dick!' he thought. 'WOW!!!' So he sucked on it like
Ms. Sutton had his dick and she began thrashing on the bed calling
his name loudly so Ricky knew he was on the right track... Putting
his hand down there as well he rubbed it around her moist slit and
slowly inserted one of his fingers. 'Holy cow but it's wet and hot!'
he thought, and then her hand touched his and moved a second finger
to join the first. He didn't need an explanation to know she wanted 
both fingers in side at once so he did it, and then began moving his
small hand like she had done for him earlier making her gasp and
groan. 
 
        "Oh god yes Ricky! Do me baby, do me!!!" Susan cried out as the
boy sucked upon her clit and fingered her aching pussy. After a few
minutes of that she wanted his hard young cock in her and pulled him
up onto her. 
 
        Ricky was confused again, he thought he doing well, was she not 
happy with what he'd been doing? Then he felt her hand between his
legs, it grabbed his hard dick and pulled it down towards her body.
He looked down and gasped as he saw she had him aimed at her hot
slit where his face had been only moments ago, then felt the great
heat of her as his little dick slid inside her easily.'Oh shit that
feels great!' he thought as he slid in until his penis was all the way
in and their hips touched. She had tightened up on him and her hands
were pushing on his butt to guide him all the way down and then pulled
up on his hips. Ricky took the hint and followed her lead, the first 
time pulling back too far and they both cried out as his little dick
slipped out. Ricky and Susan both reached down fumbling with the hard
little tool trying to get it back in quickly, giggling as their hands
touched and realized they both wanted it back in there badly! Then 
Ricky felt the warm slit on the head of his dick and pushed forward
spreading the "lips" and slipped inside her hot tunnel again. This
time he was careful to gauge how far he could pull back then nature
took over as the boy pounded his hard little dick into his teachers
hot wet pussy making them both moan and gasp in their passion!
 
        It wasn't so much that Ricky was a great lover, that would come 
with time and teaching, but his boyish enthusiasm and driving beat
that sent Susan over the edge. Orgasm rippling through her body
she cried out, "OH YESSSSS!!!! Ricky baby pump me honey pump me!" 
The boy was gasping for air as he thrust madly, sweat pouring off
his young body as he heard the woman screaming his name and still he
drove on... As she shuddered beneath him Ricky felt like his balls
were on fire and moaned long and hard as they tried to pump yet
another burst out. Out of control Susan reached back and forced her
middle finger up the boys tight asshole and sent him screaming into
orgasm as well. 
 
        Ricky knew he was close and then felt his butthole expand larger
than the last time she had fingered his butt. Then the finger inside him 
hit that spot and he screamed as lava-like sperm surged up through his 
young penis, spewing out like a river!
 
        When his shooting had stopped the boy collapsed upon her breast
and was breathing heavily, sweat dripping off his brow, and Susan
caressed his small shaking body whispering to him how great he had
made her feel and comforting him from his volcanic release...
 
        When they had both "come down" from their excitement Susan took
the boy into the bathroom and bathed him in the shower, wiping the smell 
and evidence of their lovemaking off the boy and her as well. Once they 
were both clean she helped Ricky get dressed and they sat at the table 
talking over the days events, explaining where Ricky had questions hoping 
to make him more comfortable about his sexuality in general...


                          Chapter Three 
 
        Sitting at Ms. Sutton's dining room table Ricky's mind flashed
over the things he had recently felt and was excited that he'd
gotten "laid" and knew he wanted to learn more of these things!
 
        "How do I know if girls want to do with me what we did?" The
boy looked at the older woman and wondered if he should have said
that. He didn't want her to stop "teaching" him, but he was very
anxious to "know" other girls too! He relaxed as Susan smiled
and Ricky smiled back, his big blue eyes sparkling.
 
        "Oh, am I a one night stand now Ricky?" Susan chuckled. Then
said, "It's hard to tell, some will let you know real quickly and
others play it very cool. It's a matter of trying to "read the
signs" the other person gives off." She shook her head. "Wish I
had definite answers for you on this but it is different with
each girl, sorry..." 
 
        Ricky nodded, he was afraid it would be that way. He muttered
under his breath, "Well hell..." 
        
        Susan laughed startling the boy and said, "Honey don't you
worry about getting girls, you're a very handsome youngman.
They'll be after you soon enough!" He blushed at her compliment
and Susan was touched that such an extremely adorable boy was
so shy. Reaching out and touching his soft cheek she comforted
him, "You'll see Ricky, girls will find ways to be near you, and
that's what you have to pay attention to. Who, how, and why girls
are near you. Look and listen for hints of how they feel and you'll do
fine..." 
 
Flushing with embarrassment he put his head down a little and asked
his teacher, "Is it strange for me to like your finger inside me?"
His voice cracking a little with worry and puberty making it's changes.
 
        "Well honey not really, a lot of boys enjoy things like that, just
not all... Nor do all boys or men ever try it." Susan looked at Ricky
carefully, "Did it really excite you?" 
 
        Ricky nodded ashamed for some reason he wasn't sure of, but he had
liked it a lot and wanted to know more about that feeling too! 
 
        "I'm going to ask you a serious question and I need you to answer
honestly OK?" Susan said softly, feeling sure she knew the answer already.
 
        Ricky nodded and whispered "OK." 
 
        "Have you looked at other boys and felt anything Ricky?" Susan
added carefully, "I mean like in the showers after gym class, or in
the bathroom..."
 
        'Oh god she knows!' Ricky's mind screamed, 'what will she think of 
me now?!' All he could do was nod his head and look down at the table.
 
        "It's OK honey, a lot of boys your age go through it..." 
 
        Ricky's head came up quickly, "You mean I'm not weird?"
 
        "No dear, for heaven's sake no!" Susan chuckled at the boy's sheer
innocence in sexual matters. "A lot of 
people go through it, some never act 
on it though." 
 
        "Oh..." Was all Ricky could say as his mind wheeled with this new
information.
 
        "Out of those that do try it a lot eventually wind up going to
their opposite sex for the rest of their lives, and never talk about
the "incidents" in their past, but I think few regret them as well."
Smiling at the boy she went on to explain the complications of being
a sexual being in todays world. 
 
        "I didn't try sex with another girl until I was in my first year
of college, but a lot of it happens much earlier. Even grade school boys 
have been known to fondle eachother's little dicks Ricky, and most of them
turn out to be heterosexual." She sucked in her breath and said, "But some
find they like their own sex more or even explicitly, you understand that?"
 
        "You mean like being gay or something right?" Ricky said lowly,
his voice showing his concern he could be one of "those" boys...
        
        "Yes dear, I mean gay. But there are bisexuals too, and they like
BOTH sexes. No one's sure how many of them there really are, but it's
probably larger than we think." 
 
        Ricky looked at her confused. "What d'ya mean?"
 
        "Well the gays are either "out" or in the "closet" as the saying
goes, but the bisexuals tend to be even more quiet and careful than any
of the rest of us." Susan shrugged, "Don't know why, just is. A lot
of very famous people have been gay or bisexual so it doesn't keep
a person from making something of themselves." Ruffling his hair she
laughed, "Don't let it bother you Ricky, when you need to know who
you are it'll become obvious to you from the dreams you have or the
feelings you get around people." 
 
        He nodded and quitely said, "I hope so..." Then his voice picked
up, "I better get home, don't want my Mom worried about me or we won't
be able to do this again..." He said blushing again but with a big
grin on his face too!
 
        "You're right, we better get ya home!" 
 
        Susan drove the boy the short distance to his home and as he got
out she grinned, "I'll look forward to "seeing" you tomorrow after
class Ricky...." And drove off leaving the boy running for his front
door his little heart beating furiously with the thought of more fun
happening tomorrow! 
 
--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....