
 Making the Grade - Lisa's Story


This is an absolutely true story.

I'm a liguistics professor at a prominent Southern California University 
(I've used the pseudonym of "Stan Kiley" here to protect me from possible 
legal problems).  Although every professor dreams of having his young 
female students offer him sex for grades, it had never happened to me, 
or anyone I knew, until last year.

Lisa T. was a freshman student, one of many in an overcrowded intro 
class I was teaching.  The class is designed to serve as an overview to 
the science of linguistics, to give the students a chance to decide if 
they want to major in the field.  Most professors teaching this section 
see it as their job to scare away the timid by making the intro class 
fairly tough.  Linguistics is a demanding, tricky field.  We want to 
make sure a student is extremely serious before he or she decides to 
choose it as a major.

I noticed Lisa right off, for several reasons.  The strongest reason was 
her body.  She was the quintessential beach bunny; she had long blonde 
hair, obviously natural in color, a cute, pixieish face, and a body that 
defined what wet dreams are all about.  Large, firm looking breasts, a 
slender waist (just the right size to make you imagine your hands around 
it), tight, round hips and ass, and long, slender limbs.  She also had 
fullish lips, akin to those seen on women like Michelle Pfeiffer, and 
stunning emerald green eyes.  Lisa always dressed in a sexy way, but not 
sluttishly so.  She usually wore tight T-shirts that stopped just above 
the navel, and flared skirts, usually pleated, with brown penny loafers 
and rolled down socks.  A patched demin jacket, one size too big, 
completed the look; trendy, but individual enough to make her stand out.

Lisa also was a standout in her attitude.  She was extremely ambitious,
crashing the class successfully even though there were far more who
wanted the class than we had room for.  People just seemed unable to
say no to her, and many of the male students stopped pressing for
admittance, to give her a better chance.  I'd never seen such a thing
before.

All during the first half of the semester she dominated my thinking, and 
especially my fantasy life.  I would often find myself hard in the 
morning, recalling dreams that were full of her nude and spread out on a 
bed, taking me into her or sucking me off.  Such fantasies are harmless 
enough, and not infrequent for a single man (or even a married one, I'd 
bet).

But four weeks into the semester it was obvious that Lisa was not doing
well.  She had fluffed several of the assignments, and her first two
papers did not show any kind of grasp of the material.  When the
midterm came in the fifth week, I was not too suprised to see her
barely score a C, even given that I probably had a predisposition to
give her the benefit of the doubt - it's hard not to let your personal
lust influence your grading.

One sunny spring afternoon, during the time I reserved to see students, 
I heard a knock at my door.  This was not suprising; I usually had a few 
students drop by after midterms.  Nothing like the deluge right before 
finals, but I often saw as many or five or six.

"Come in," I said.  It was Lisa, dressed as I had never seen her before.  
She was wearing skintight white shorts, a white shirt tied below the 
breasts, exposing her midsection and showing off her cafe au lait tan, 
and sandals.  The obvious little nubs of her nipples showing through the 
cotton shirt made it clear that she wore no bra.  She was wearing some 
very subtle perfume, and though I could not identify the smell I did 
respond to it.  I was glad I was sitting behind a desk, let me tell you.

"Do you have a minite, Dr. Kiley?" she asked, tilting her head 
coquettishly.

"Sure," I said.  "Close the door and sit down."

She turned to close the door, and dropped her book bag as she did so.  
When she bent to retrieve it, I could see the gentle curve of her ass 
through the leg holes of her shorts, the rounded flesh joining beneath 
that thin material.  I could just convince myself that her puffy pussy 
lips were straining against the seam of her crotch.  I had to tear my 
gaze away as she turned and sat opposite me.

"What can I do you for?" I said, trying to sound clever, but obviously 
flustered.

She smiled a little.  "Well, it's about LE110.  I have this feeling I'm 
not doing too well."

"I'm sorry to say that's true," I said, thankfull for something 
businesslike to talk about.  Maybe I could get myself to stop tracing 
her nipples with my eyes.  "The midterm is 40% of your grade, and you 
barely pulled a C.  That combined with your other work puts you at a C- 
at best."

"Damn," she said, biting her lip and brushing her hair back with one 
hand.  Somehow she made the gesture seem sexy.  "I was planning on 
majoring in linguistics."

"I doubt you'd be accepted if you get less than a B in the intro class.  
The department is small, and we can only take so many majors.  Maybe 
this is just not your field.  Have you thought of that?"

"No," she shook her head, "I'm sure it is.  I've just been... distracted 
this semester.  Moving in, meeting people, and I guess I've been sort of 
intoxicated by your beautiful beaches."  She shook her head, smiling a 
charming smile and looking out my window.

"Well, I don't know what to tell you," I said, "I doubt you'd be 
accepted by Dr. Darrigton with just a low C in 110.  Maybe you should 
take an incomplete and retake it this summer."

"Yes, I suppose I could do that."  She turned and looked me straight in 
the eye.  I must admit that I had to struggle a bit to not lower my 
gaze.  Those fiery green eyes were hard to stare into, and the fact of 
my hardening cock did not help either.  This was a student!  Probably 19 
years old at the most.

She leaned forward, resting her elbows on my desk, batting her eyes.  "I 
had another thought, though."

"Oh?"  My throat was suddenly very dry, and my voice barely made a 
sound.

"Maybe some... extra credit work?  You could replace some of my early 
grades with new ones, if my work was good enough."

I was a little crestfallen.  I really did not expect anything else, but
now it was clear that she was just asking for a break, like so many
students had.  And my answer would have to be the same to her as it
always was to them.  "Well, you see that's just not fair to the other
students.  I mean, they had to sink or swim based on their work, without 
any second chance.  If I give you a second crack at it, this means you're 
getting more than they are."

She sat back in her chair and smiled.  "Well, that's true.  But I'm 
willing to do things they probably are not, in terms of the extra credit 
work."

"I wouldn't even know what to assign you.  My class plan includes all 
the basic elements of the science.  What would you do?"

"Some special things," she said, standing.  Again, she locked her gaze 
into mine, and I could not look away.  I was aware, however, that her 
hands had moved to the snaps on her shorts.

Snap!  The first one went, parting her shorts and drawing my eyes to the 
gap it created.  Her skin was whiter there, but still smooth and 
perfect.  

"You see, Dr. Kiley..." 

Snap!  Another snap, and the gap grew.  Now I could barely detect a few 
wisps of her blond pussy hair, making it clear that she wore no panties.  
I tried to speak, unsure of what I would say if I could have, but my dry 
throat would not cooperate.  

"...I have a lot to offer the department..."

Snap!  Three of four.  Her hands applied constant pull to the flaps of 
parting material, so her pussy hair was completely exposed now.  It was 
fine, blonde, and curled into a little twist.

"...and especially a professor like you..."

Snap!  All gone now.  The pussy hair ended a finger's width above the 
beginning folds of her nether lips.  She shifted her hands, slowly, and 
began to pull the shorts down over her hips.

"...who might take me under his wing."

The shorts dropped to the floor.  Her pussy mound was simply delicious; 
fine and delicate and small, yet rounded and ready.  My eyes were fixed 
upon that perfect cunt, when she sat back in the chair and our eyes 
locked again.

Seated in the chair, her gaze full of fire and lust, she began to spread 
her legs, draping one over the arm, revealing her pussy and allowing the 
lips to part slightly, her dew glinting in the light that came through 
my blinds.  Her hands her working the knot in her blouse now, and before 
I could try and speak the blouse came away, her large, full breasts 
swaying into view.  Her aeriolas were large and bright pink, the nipples 
erect and intensely suckable.

Now she was nude on my guest chair, her legs spread and her tits rising 
and falling with her breath.  She ran her tongue over her full lips.

"I am willing," she began, her voice a soft, sultry whisper, "to let you 
fuck me in the pussy or the mouth, as you wish, as often as you wish, 
for the rest of the semester."  Her hand had moved to her pussy now, and 
she was stroking the area around her clit with a long fingernail.  "For 
a simple grade of B+, I will become your sex slave.  What do you say, 
doc?"  She smiled, and I found myself smiling in return.

Up to this point I had been too stupified to speak.  This young girl had 
a simply perfect body, and here she was, offering it to me, for five 
weeks.  But something in her smile told me she was pretty desperate, and 
something in me, a wolfish thing, responded.

"So, that's your proposition, is it?" I said, a commanding tone 
asserting itself in my voice.

"Um, yes," she said, lowering her leg and clasping her hands together.  
She was obviously suprised that I had not simply fallen at her feet.  
Maybe others had.  I almost had.

"Well, how do I know what I'm getting if I agree?"

"I've shown you everything," she said, a slight whine in her voice.  
"What more do you want?"

"Well, you're a fox, no doubt, but you might be a lousy lay.  No, I think 
a little demonstration of your sexual technique is in order.  You do a 
good job, and I think we have a deal."

Her smile returned, and she ran the tip of her tongue over her upper 
lip.  "No problem, doc," she said.  "I'm sure I can satisfy."  She 
stood and walked around to my side of the desk, her hips shifting as she 
walked, that cute pussy drawing my attention away from her lovely tits.

"You'd better lock the door," I said, scanning her body up and down as I 
pushed my chair back from the desk.

She knelt in front of me and began tugging at my zipper with one hand 
while she massaged my hard cock through my pants with the other.  
"That's what I did when I droppped my bag," she said, then giggled a 
little at my suprised look.  

She freed my aching dick from the confines of my pants, and began to 
jack the shaft slowly as she blew a little stream of air at the head.  
The effect was awesome, especially combined with the anticipation I was 
feeling.

"Nice cock, doc," she said.  "Would you like me to suck this nice cock 
for you?"  Her eyes shined in the sunlight streaming through my venetian 
blinds.  I was thankfull for a fifth-floor office.

"Yes," I said, mesmerized.

"Yes?  Shall I lick it and suck it, until you cum in my mouth?"  She bit 
her lip, her eyes dreamy, her blond hair just barely brushing the 
insides of my thighs.

I nodded, unable to speak now.

"Oh, I can't wait to feel your cum in my mouth, warming my throat as I 
swallow it..." She was obviously turning herself on with the hot talk, 
but I doubted she could be as ready as I was.  Her soft tongue snaked 
out from between those full lips and stroked the glans wetly as her hand 
continued to jack my dick shaft.  I grunted at the hot sensation, and 
she smiled, opening her lips and taking the head of my cock into her 
sweet mouth.

She applied a light suction as her tongue bathed the head of my dick 
with slow, wet, lingering strokes.  Her lips were amazing; as they 
wrapped around my cockhead, I felt little caresses encircling my cock, 
all from the massaging movements of her lips.  I had to concentrate 
carefully to avoid cumming right then.

She withdrew my cock from her mouth and blew another stream of air over 
the now wet head.  The coldness was startling, but when she immediately 
took my cock back into her mouth, the contrast made her mouth seem so 
fiery hot.  She took the head deep into her mouth now, allowing her 
tongue and lips to slide farther down the shaft until about half my cock 
was inside.  This she did slowly, carefully, her lips and tongue never 
ceasing their small movements.  Again she withdrew her mouth and blew on 
the wet flesh of my dick, then quickly took it back in, warming it and 
sucking it.

She began to suck more quickly, her head bobbing as she took my shaft in 
and out of her mouth, my cockhead never leaving.  On each downstroke she 
took me fractionally deeper, her tongue occasionally reaching out along 
the underside of my dick, past her lips, stroking the shaft with long 
writheing licks.  This girl's mouth was made for sucking, that was clear.  
As a single, fairly well-off and attractive man I have had my fair share 
of blowjobs, but this redefined the art for me.  Her small, wet mouth 
was like a sucking machine.  I felt her warmth and her caresses along 
every inch of my cock.

As I felt my cum beginning to percolate up from my balls, she finally 
reached the base of my cock, her strokes never ceasing, and now as she 
was taking me all the way into her mouth and down her throat, she began 
to twist her head from side to side, the rotation adding a third level 
of stimulation to my dick.  I was going to cum any second now, and I 
knew it was going to be a massive orgasm, perhaps the biggest of my 
life.  My head was swimming.

Then she pulled her mouth away and smiled at me, her green eyes 
flashing.  She went back to just her hand jacking the shaft.

"Wanna cum, doc?" she asked, tilting her head and assuming a look of 
total innocence.

"Yes, please," I said, my cock farily vibrating with the need to cum.  
She was jacking me just enough to keep me on the edge, but not enough to 
push me over.

I tried to move my hips, to force out dick faster through her hand, but 
she just slowed her strokes to compensate, and I could not cum.  "Sure?" 
she said, a mischevious grin on her face.  "Don't you want to fuck my 
pussy first, to slide this nice hard cock into my tiny wet hole?"

This talk was driving me insane.  All I wanted to do was cum, somehow, 
anywhere.  "Later," I said.  "Suck me, make me cum."

"Mmmmm," she said, closing her eyes and taking my dick back into her 
mouth.  She liked hot talk too, obviously.  She began to suck me deeply 
again, her lips and tongue squeezing and stroking, and I came.

The first spurt felt like a firehose had been turned on, my cum pouring 
from me in a thick pulse.  I was suprised that she swalloed this with no 
strain.  But then my cum starting to really pour out, spurt after spurt, 
more cum than I thought I could possibly produce, and soon I overwhelmed 
her mouth.  Thick strings of cum began to squeeze out of the corners of 
her mouth, and her tongue strained to catch them.  Soon I felt cum 
dripping onto my balls, mixed with her hot saliva.

When the spurting had stopped she gave my shaft a last, long, hard suck,
then began licking the cum from my thighs and balls.  My vision had gone
"sparkly" for a moment, and she looked like a fairy, her face and tongue 
darting over my groin, licking and kissing.  When she was done, she 
moved up and straddled me, sitting facing me on my lap, her legs folded 
and her knees on the arms of my chair.  I could feel her wet pussy 
pressed up against my deflated cock.  Her big tits were hovering in 
front of my chest and I watched them rise and fall as she breathed.

"So, doctor Kiley, is a semester full of blowjobs like that worth a B 
plus?"  She licked her lips suggestively then blew a cool stream of air 
at my face.

"If your pussy is half as good as your mouth we have a deal,"  I said, 
amazed that I had the strength to ask for more when I would have 
willingly died for five weeks of blowjobs from her.

"You mean this pussy?" she asked, and I felt her pussy flex as she 
tensed her muscles.  "This little pussy?  I think you'll like it."

Then an incredible thing happened.  As she moved her pussy muscles I 
felt the head of my soft cock being drawn up into her, as if her pussy 
was sucking me in.  She moaned and drew my right hand to her left 
breast, and as I rubbed and thumbed her hard nipple, I felt my cock 
begin to rise.  She looked suprised too - she was not expecting this to 
work so well - as my cock grew into her.  My the time I was fully hard 
again I was buried in her buttery cunt, and the feeling of her soft 
pussy enveloped my cock and seemingly my whole body.

This sensation obviously turned her on greatly.  I felt her pussy 
getting warmer and wetter by the minute as she began rocking her hips.  
I leaned forward, bringing myself to my feet and laying her back on the 
desktop, all my papers and things pushed onto the floor as I slid her 
onto the desk.  

I was standing between her legs now, and I could see her small pussy
stretched as I began to pump in and out of her.  I looked at her face
and her eyes her were closed tightly, her head slowly turning from side
to side as I fucked her.  I could not believe how hard I was so soon 
after having just cum.  It was like I was fucking her with a steel pole, 
and she loved it.  Her hips were churning and snapping and I could feel 
her heels in my back, pushing insistently as we fucked.

"Nice pussy, Lisa," I said, and she moaned.  "So tight and hot.  Do you 
like my cock in there?"  She grunted in the affirmative, and I doubled 
my pace.  She hissed in a long breath and began rubbing her nipples.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," she was chanting just under her breath.  I started a 
circular motion in my pumping, the feel of her pussy walls driving me 
mad, and she responded with circles of her own.  Suddenly her pussy 
tensed, gripping me like a fist, and I could feel her cum.  Her face was 
rock still, and she seemed suspended there, her body a tense, vibrating 
thing as her orgasm grew.  Then she hissed again, and drew herself up on 
her elbows.  She stared right into my eyes as she came, high whines 
coming from the back of her throat, the hot slick wetness pouring out of 
her, around my throbbing, pumping cock, and dripping onto the floor.  
Her hips were really bucking now, and I felt my cum begin to rise.  Not 
knowing if she was on the pill or not, I thought I should warn her.

"Gonna cum, Lisa."

"Cum in me.  Just cum in Lisa's pussy," her voice was breathy and wild, 
and that combined with the sensation of her hot pussy drew another 
massive orgasm from her.  The dripping cum doubled in quantity as my 
seed spilled out of her crack each time I pumped into her.  My cock was 
pusling like a giant vein, and I felt feint.  Soon I collapsed forward, 
driving her flat on the desk, kissing her tits wilding and sucking her 
nipples.  She was still cumming, but the waves were fading, and I felt 
my cock slip out of her.

We laid like that for several minutes before she licked my ear and said 
"That was great.  We have a deal?"

"We have a deal," I said.  "Same time every day."

She pulled her head away and looked suprised.  "Sure you can handle 
that," she said, a sly grin on her face.

"You bring out the best in me, girl," I said, and showed her that my 
cock was only semi-soft.

"Tomorrow," she said, laughing.  "I gotta get to class..."



Lisa's Story - Part Two:  Motel Afternoon   -  By Marlboro Man


I continued meeting Lisa in my office every day for the next
week where she repeated her 'audition' performance, and sucked
me off before letting me fuck her wet pussy.  

I got tired, however, of having to screw her in my chair or over
my desk, and arranged to have her meet me at a the local "No-Tell"
Motel near the campus where we could have a more serious fuck.

I left a note in her locker that instructed her to arrive at the
room just after her last class.  I had prepared the room for her 
earlier in the day: I set out a strawberry flavored douche and a 
razor set in the bathroom that she was to use to shave her pussy
hair and prepare her slit for my attention.  There was also 
a slutty teddy and garter belt waiting for her.  The note then
told her to put on the outfit and wait for me on the bed with her
legs spread wide apart, and to watch the porno movie I had cued up
in the VCR.  She was encouraged to masturbate if she felt like it, 
only she had to tell me exactly how many times she came.

I arrived shortly after my last class and found her furiously rubbing
her slit while watching two lesbo sluts on the TV eating each other
out.  She barely noticed me as I came in the room and sat down near
her on the bed.  Her fingers danced over her clit, first stroking it
from side to side, and then sliding up and down her pussy lips, bringing
up pussy juice up from her hole.  

She had placed the pillows under her ass, and was on her back, spread
eagled, and totally nude except for the garter belt.  She was stroking
her pussy hole wih one hand, while playing with her left breast 
with the other.  Her twat was milking her fingers and her clit was fully
erect and begging for stimulation.  Lisa obliged and gently frigged 
herself.  Her cunt was lubricating double-time and it was all gushing down
her crotch.  

On the screen the two women were in a 69 position.  The camera showed 
a close up view of one woman's cunt with the other women licking away.  

"Ooooh, baby, that feels so good," the woman kept saying.  

"Lick me, come on baby, make me come.  Oh yea, keep licking."  The woman 
then brought her finger toward her cunt and stuck it in her hole.  

"Ooooh, yea, make me come.  Stick it in deeper.  Make me come," she 
kept saying.  Then, after a couple of minutes, She started to scream 
out, "Ooooh, I'm going to come.  You're going to make me come.  Oh, 
that feels so good."  Her screams got louder and louder as she started 
nearing her orgasm.

Lisa watched all this breathlessly, her knees pressed back against her tits.
Her back arched as she moved her clit in circles with her finger. 
She felt the juice from her vagina oozing out and down her ass cheeks and
onto the silky soft pillows under her.  She started breathing harder and
harder and moving her sensitive clit faster and faster.  Lisa felt herself
getting closer and closer to an orgasm which was sure to be quite intense. 
As she felt herself rising, she arched her pussy even more and began
bucking it into the air against her wickid finger.

The blonde TV bimbos had found a double-ended dildo, and were busy
pounding into each other.  Lisa's eyes were glazing over with lust
She could feel her hard clit throbbing and pulsing with each increasing 
heart beat.  Her crotch was spasming hard and she darted the fingers 
of her free hand deep into her cunt to feel the amazing spasming and 
to relieve the pleasurable aching feeling that had begun deep inside.  
It was unbelievably hot in there.  Lisa moaned louder and louder
with the inevitable orgasm and suddenly, her supple body tensed incredibly
hard.  Lisa let out a yelp, she had no control.  Her pussy spasmed and she
went rigid with amazing pleasure.  

She cried out "Oh my god, I'm cumming so hard!!! and felt herself convulsing.
Lisa's orgasm was so intense that her pussy actually squirted
her hot juices out with each spasm.  She was cumming like a volcano! 
This beauty continued thrusting her fingers up her twat as her shuddering
continued for a good 30 seconds.  She moaned over and over.  Lisa just 
lay there for several minutes enjoying her sexiness and the wet feeling
between her legs.  Her twat still belched forth its lubrication and 
Lisa loved feeling it ooze down her crotch.

She smiled and turned to me.  I began taking off my clothes as Lisa
took some tissues and wiped up the puddle of juice between her thighs.
She said that she thinks she came 6 or 7 times before I showed up.
I took a closer look at her cunt and saw that it was all clean-shaven
and berry-scented, as I had ordered.

While calming down from her climaxes, she began to tell me about her
other sexual adventures of the recent past.  Lisa had several boyfriends,
each in separate dorms.  On a good day she would visit each of their
rooms after classes and spread her legs for them.  Jim liked to lick
her pussy until her cunt cream was dripping down his throat.  Bob just
wanted to fuck her wet snatch while she sat on his lap, her tits bouncing
in his face.  Steve loved Lisa's sloppy wet blowjobs, and Chris liked
to fuck her tits.  She would press her breasts together while he sat on her
chest and pounded his cock between them until he spurted his wad onto
her face.  The sight of her slutty face, with cum dripping from her lips
and nose, was enough to make him hard enough to fuck her again - which
he would do doggy-style, grabbing onto her tits while he slammed his cock
up her cunt from behind.

Lisa had several girlfriends as well.  It was not surprising that this
horny slut liked a little pussy of her own.  Lisa had clearly been turned
on by the lesbian action on the tape.  She told me that she had been
licking other cunts since she was twelve.  An older girl had gotten Lisa
alone in the shower room in summer camp.  At first she just suggested
that they wash each other's hair.  It wasn't long, however, before she
the two hot pre-teens were in a 69 position on the shower floor, licking
out each other's creamy boxes.

That summer Lisa also lost her virginity to a male counselor who 
couldn't resist the lucious lure of twelve year old pussy.  By the 
end of the summer, she had slept with almost every girl in her bunk, 
with five of the male counselors, and three of the women.  As a slut, 
Lisa was unstoppable.

Lisa's roommate Kathi was her first lesbian partner at school. They 
had discovered each other's sexual appetites soon after moving in 
together, and when they weren't busy eating pussy, they were sharing 
their boyfriend's and girlfriend's sexual favors.  Their favorite
weekend activity was to suck each other's cunts in their shower before
going to the college frat parties.  They had a race to see who could
lure some football stud or blonde cheerleading slut back to the room
first. The winner got to fuck both 'catches' first, before the two nymphos
would swap and share their sex partners.  When their conquests left for
the night, Lisa and Kathi would snuggle up to each other's cunts and 
fall asleep.

With so much fucking going on, it was hard to imagine Lisa actually
having the time to do any classwork, so I was not surprised to learn
I was not the only faculty member in the school who was enjoying Lisa's 
favors. It seemed that she was breezing through her classes by sucking 
off almost half the teaching staff.

To her annoyance, there was one teacher who had not yet joined her 
club: her English Poetry teacher, Ms. Smith.  

Apparently Lisa had been trying to seduce Ms. Smith for over two weeks
now, but to no avail. "I even wore my short-shorts with no panties," 
Lisa whined while stroking her clit, "but she didn't even look my way!"

I was not surprised that Lisa had made the attempt to seduce Jenny 
Smith. She was a hot young thing, only one year out of grad school
with a body that was curvaceous and unordinarily top-heavy.  All 
the male teachers in the school had made a play for her at one time
or another and, rumor had it, so did several of the women.  There 
was something very sluttish about her face, that made me wonder how 
the boys in her classes managed to keep their attention on something 
other than imagining how her mouth would feel on their cocks.  

The faculty scuttlebutt was that she had been asked to leave her last 
job at a girl's boarding school because she had been caught with her 
tongue in a co-ed's pussy, and with another's fist up her ass.  I had 
often fantasized of Jenny Smith with another woman, and the idea of my
Lisa sucking off her slit made me hornier than ever.

It was clear that Jenny was taking no chances with her job this time,
and was determined to keep her hands (and tongue!) out of the student
body.  The school had a new president who was very strict about what
he called 'moral issues.'  He had clamped down on student drinking and
partying.  One fraternity member had been expelled for giving alcohol
to a minor, and more recently, another had been charged with the statutory
rape of a naked, stone drunk high school girl during a frat party.

I could only imagine how the school would react to charges that a female
faculty member was seducing her co-eds.  The fact that Jenny That was 
able to resist a tasty piece like Lisa showed her determination to remain
above board.  She must really need the job.  This gave me some ideas.

"How would you like me to help you get into her panties?" I asked Lisa.

"Mmmmm" said Lisa. "If you can get me a piece of her cunt, you can
have me for the rest of the year!"  This was what I had hoped to hear.
Lisa smiled at me, and stretched herself out on the bed invitingly.

I reached for her knees, and spread her creamy thighs until they were
flat against the sheets.  Her slit continued to ooze.  I got between
her legs and placed my rock-hard cock against her twat.  Like warm
butter, her lips parted to let me in.  I had never been in a pussy
so warm and wet.  She grunted as I hit bottom, and grabbed my ass with
her hands, pulling me even closer.  Clearly she still had many cums
left in her creamy slit.  

Lisa wrapped her legs around my waist, her soft thighs clutching at my
side.  I could feel her pussy grip me from inside as I plunged in and
out of her box.  With every out-stroke my cock would bring out more of
her creamy lubrication.  Soon the base of my cock was covered with her
juices, which became almost foamy as we churned away.  Lisa's cum started
slowly, but built and built until she was grunting with pleasure, pulling
my hips towards her pussy so that my cock would go even farther up her
creamy slit.

"Unh! Unh!  Yesss!  Oh God, fuck me! Fuck my pussy! C'mon!  Ohhhh!
OOHHH!!!.....Oooohhhh!....Mmmm...yesss!"  Her thighs clutched at my
sides as she came, drenching my cock with even more creamy juices.
I kept pumping as she caught her breath, and soon could feel the cum
building up in my balls.  Lisa locked her legs around mine, and pulled
me in tight.  I thrust into her in short, hard jolts, and came wetly
deep in her slippery pussy.

It was a good afternoon.


Lisa's Story - Part Three: Lisa's Punishment    -   By Marlboro Man


On Tuesday, Lisa was late.  

I arrived at the room after school had ended, expecting to find 
Lisa in the shower.  My instructions for that day told her to stay
in the stall after showering, shaving and douching, and to use the 
shower's massage head to masturbate her clit until I arrived.  I was
annoyed with her, and decided I would teach her a lesson.

She appeared in the room 15 minutes later, all out of breath.  She was
wearing a nice outfit - clearly not her regular school clothes.  For
one thing, she was wearing a bra, and you could not see her pussy
lips through a ratty pair of short-shorts.  This was one of those
Sunday-Go-To-Church outfits, with bright ribbons, a broad-rimmed hat,
high necklines and low hemlines.  She explained that she was meeting
her parents outside in ten minutes to go to her grandmother's 85th 
birthday party.  

Hoping to get away with a quick blow-job, she got on her knees and began
to unzip my jeans, but I moved away and angrily told her that she had
not asked permission to skip a session with me, and that if she wanted
to leave she would have to accept my punishment.  With little choice in
the matter, she gulped and said she would do whatever I asked.

"Good," I said, "Now, take off your panties and give them to me.  You'll
have to meet your family with your cunt exposed."  Shaking, Lisa removed
her underwear and handed them over.  The unmistakable scent of hot pussy
juice told me she was getting turned on by my discipline.

"Since you have to leave in a few minutes, I'm going to postpone most of
your punishment until tomorrow, but for now, I want you to continue what
you started."  I stood before her kneeling body and pulled her hands to
my crotch.  Willingly, she undid my belt and pulled my cock out.  She
put the head in her mouth and started to suck, but I suddenly grabbed
her head, and held it in place.  "Now listen, slut.  You're going to be 
punished."  She tried to move her head away, but I held her firm to
my cock, and put my thumbs over her eyes and pressed lightly. "Don't
get any ideas, cunt, or I'll start to push in harder." That calmed
her movements.  She now waited with my cock pressing against the back
of her mouth as I considered my next move.

"OK, Lisa, here's the deal.  I'm going to start pissing now.  If you
don't want it all over your new dress, you better not let any spill
out of your mouth." Once again she tried to jerk her blonde head away,
but I held her firm, and pressed against her eyeballs until she stopped
squirming.  Slowly, I began to fill her mouth with piss.

I would let a few short pulses of urine go, filling her mouth.  The first
time she paused for a few seconds, the hot acrid liquid stinging her
bulging cheeks.  Then she gave in, and swallowed the load.  I filled
her up again.  I could see tears seeping out of the corners of her eyes 
as, with each new mouthful, she gulped and swallowed.  This was not 
something she had bargained for when she offered her cunt to me for a 
passing grade.

She was good, and not a drop escaped from her soft lips.  Looking down, 
I could see that the little slut had one hand up her dress, fingering 
her clit furiously.  The smell of pussy juice wafted up.  The little 
tramp was really turned on!  With her other hand, she was pinching her 
nipples through her dress.  Gradually, my bladder was emptied and her 
belly was filled. I let go of her head, but she kept her lips around 
my cock, and slowly began to pump it in and out.

A car horn honked outside. "Your parents are here, my little pussy" I
said to her.  Pumping faster, she pulled me to orgasm, and I came down
her throat.  She stood up, licking her lips.  Her eyes shined with lust.
I could tell she hadn't cum from her masturbating fingers, so I pulled her 
dress up to her waist, and pushed my cock inside her slit.  She wrapped
her legs around me,and pulled me inside as I started pounding into her.
The car honked again, and I could hear her mother calling her name as
she moaned into my ear, "fuck me, fuck me, fuck me...Ohhh...Ohhh...
OOOHHHH!!!!"  Cumming against my cock, she slumped against me.

I pulled my cock out of her slippery cunt, and pushed her towards the
door.  "I'll see you tomorrow, Lisa, and you better not be late!"

She just smiled at me, and licked a drop of cum from the corner of her
mouth as she staggered out the door.

The next day she was right on time, but I hadn't forgotten that I
still owed her more punishment.  She was clearly hoping that it had
slipped my mind because she tried to start our usual afternoon session
by stripping off her clothes and going into the bathroom to douche and
shave her pussy lips clean.

I followed her into the bathroom and watched her shower off.  Smiling
at me, she began to massage her pussy.  She sat on the edge of the tub
and spread her legs wide.  Her fingers pulled her pussy lips apart,
exposing her throbbing clit. "Mmmmm!" she moaned.  "Looks good enough
to eat, huh?"

She flipped her clit back and forth with her fingertip, looking up at
me and hoping I would join in, and give her pussy a tongue bath. But
I would have none of it, and just watched her drift slowly towards her
first orgasm.  "Unh, unh unh!" she grunted as her fingers brought her
closer to cumming.  Just as I could see her thigh muscles begin to tense
up, telling me that her cunt was about to cum, I grabbed her hands, and
pulled her into the bedroom.

"Oh, please, let me cum!" she begged.  "I'm so hot, I need cum! I need
cum!"  "Shut up!" I shouted.  "Your punishment is going to begin now,
and you're not allowed to cum unless I say so!"

I pushed her down on the bad on her back, and roughly pulled her arms over
her head.  I attached her wrists to a pair of leather restraints I had
fixed to the headboard.  Pulling her thighs apart, I tied them down with
more leather straps, spreading her pussy lips wide open.  I could see her
juice running out of her slit, down into her asshole.  The slut was more
turned on than ever.

With her body securely tied down, I crammed a pillow under her ass, lifting
her crotch off the bed, and making her cunt even more open for my inspection.
"Please, let me cum" she begged again.  Tiring of her pleas, I gagged her
mouth with a rubber ball gag.  She looked on with panic in her eyes as
I pulled out a few more leather items.  I first stopped up her ears with 
special rubber plugs, and then tied a leather blindfold over her eyes.  
Then I slid a leather hood over her entire head, holding the mask, gag and 
plugs firmly in place. A small hole over her nose allowed her to breath.  

Lisa was now shut out of the world.  She could neither hear, see or
speak.  Her naked body was securely tied down, and she was entirely 
dependent on me.  I let her situation sink into her mind for a few
minutes.  She began to wonder what I was going to do.  Would I leave
her there?  What if someone else came into the room?  Would she know
if some stranger was fucking her pussy?  How long would she lie there,
her cunt all spread open and wet?  She squirmed uncomfortably in
her bondage.  For perhaps the first time in her sexual life, she was
not in control.  Inexplicably to her, the situation was turning her on
more than ever.  Her need to cum increased with each passing second.

I played with her by holding her nose for a few seconds until she began 
to squirm and thrash about for lack of air.  I held it shut for a few 
seconds longer, just to let her know the absolute power I had over her.  
When I let her nose go, I could see her tits heaving as she struggled 
to regain her breath.  Droplets of sweat began forming on her body as
she began to feel panic.

Reaching ino the nightstand drawer, I took out a pair of clothespins.
Opening one, I placed it against her left nipple and slowly let it close
on her tender skin.  She immediately reacted, arching her back in a
futile attempt to avoid the clamp on her nipple.  When she had stopped
moving for a moment, I clipped the other pin on her right breast.  I
watched for a few minutes as she writhed in pain on the bed before me.
When she slowed down her thrashing, I yanked on the pins to bring her
pain level back up.  Holding one pin closed, I pulled up her right tit
until it was pointing like a cone straight up, and then let it go.  I
repeated this with her left tit, then repeated the process.

When I sensed that her breasts had become numb, and were no longer
feeling the pain of my manipulations, I unclipped her nipples and quickly
clipped one pin on each of her pussy lips.  Her body went almost rigid
with pain.  Her thrashing got even more severe, and I had to hold her
legs down to keep her from falling off the bed.  I took one clip off
her left pussy lip, and she paused for a moment as she thought I was 
letting her go, but instead I pinned the clip onto her protruding clit,
which was slick with lubrication.  Lisa went almost rigid with terror,
her mouth opened over the ball gag in a silent scream.  Still, her pussy
leaked its slick potion onto her thighs. Even through her pain, her sexual
excitement could not be stopped.  Maybe the pain even increased it.

She jerked her hips back and forth, moaning through the mask.  Not 
wanting to damage her tender vaginal flesh, I soon unclipped her and
gently massaged some baby oil into her inflamed cunt.

Soon her breathing returned to normal, and I felt that her punishment
was over.  I slid down her soft body, nibbling on her neck and ears.
She began to sigh and relax, and once again her pussy started leaking
juices.  I worked my way down to her nipples and gently nibbled on them
She twisted her chest from side to side to encourage me to suck harder,
but I just kept licking and teasing her swollen nipples gently.  Even 
through the ball gag and mask, I could hear her muffled moans.  Finally 
I moved down across her belly, towards her cunt.  

She arched her back, forcing her cunt off the pillow towards my mouth,
but I pulled back just out of reach.  I breathed hot air onto her dripping
slit so she knew just how close I was.  Her clit was fully engorged and
swollen with lust.  She squirmed even more as I slowly brought my tongue
towards her pussy lips.  I lazily let my tongue slide up and down her
outer lips, tasting her fragrant juices.  She had been right before, it
was good enough to eat.

Once again, I brought her to the edge of an orgasm, and then pulled back.
Her thrashing got so intense, I had to add a leather strap across her
belly to hold her down.  I pulled a vibrator out of a bedside drawer,
and let it hum against her tits.  I slid it down towards her box, and
let it just tickle her outer lips until I could see her pussy start to
throb so hard that her juices were almost pouring out.

She had gone all afternoon without cumming once, and her pussy was so
sensitive that a single lick would take her over the edge.

She was ready.

I left the vibrator on low poking just inside her outer cuntal lips.
I could see her straining her hips to bring it in contact with her clit,
whimpering with desire.

I pulled a camcorder and tripod out of the closet, and set it up at the 
foot of the bed.  I pulled Lisa's leather hood off, and took off her
ear plugs and ball gag.  Still blindfolded, she could not see the camera
pointed between her spead-opened thighs.  I uncuffed her left hand from 
it's strap and placed it on her pussy. "OK Lisa, I'm going you let you 
cum now."  

I'd never seen a woman masturbate so intensely before.  Lisa's fingers
flew across her cunt lips, moving so fast they were just a blur in the
camera lens.  Her hips pounded up and down as she fucked her fingers.
"Ohhh..Ohhhh...fuck...fuck...fuck..Ohhh..Mmmmmmmm.....yessssss, yessss,
nnnnnnn!" Lisa was almost babbling with lust, and I was catching it 
all on tape.  She must have cum three or four times before I leaned forward
and passed her the vibrator.  Grabbing it quickly, she thrust it into
her pussy and turned it on high.

"Aiiiiiieeee!  That's sooo gooood! Ohhhh! Unnnnnnh!" Her hand pounded
the plastic cock up her twat faster and faster.  I just sat back and
watched this smooth-skinned hardbody pleasure her pussy again and
again.  I panned the camera up and down her body, recording each bead
of sweat hanging off her nipples, and every panting breath she drew in
time with the thrusts of her hand jamming the vibrator into her cunt.

Lisa kept going almost 15 minutes before she slowed down, and let
her arm fall to her side.  I put the camera away and tucked the tape
into my jacket pocket.  I knew it would come in handy someday.

I leaned over her and kissed her while pulling off her blindfold.
I pulled her leg and belly restraints off and she sagged into the
mattress.  Her eyes were still glazed over, but she slowly focused on me.  

"Wow!  That was the most intense cum I've ever had."  

Her face shined up at me, and I could see that she was already prepared
for more.  God, this girl was horny!  I let my fingers play over her
cunt lips, and watched as her clit budded up again.  "Don't you *ever*
get enough?" I asked.  She just giggled and pulled me on top of her,
her creamy thighs parting once again. It was going to be a long night.



Lisa's Story - Part Four: Licking Jenny's Slit    -   By Marlboro Man


The next day I sat with Jenny Smith in the cafeteria during our
mid-morning coffee break.  She was eyeing me suspiciously.  She
only knew me slightly, and think she suspected I was just another 
horny faculty member trying to get into her pants.  

I played the part of the typical scatter-brained academic, and got
her lost in some linguistic psycho-babble about the origins of language,
so she pretty soon got the impression that I was harmless, and gradually 
let her defenses down.  Soon she was leaning forward, trying to ignore
me and read the paper.  As she craned her neck I could see her generous 
cleavage shifting in  her blouse.  Her tits were practically bulging out 
of her bra, like that exaggerated cleavage in that Dangerous Liasons movie, 
only these were real!  

I sat back in my chair and sipped my coffee.  She kept reading her 
paper just as some co-ed in a tube top and gym shorts walked by.
Jenny tried to act casual, but I could see her eyes following this 
little juicy bitch across the room. It was getting on in the semester,
and she must have been pretty horny by now, being exposed to all these 
sweet young cunts, and not being able to dip her tongue into any.

She was staring with undisguised lust. I caught her eyes and she
started and blushed.  I told her not to worry about it, and that I
also appreciated the benefits of working on a college campus full
of such beautiful girls.  In confidence, I leaned forward and told
her that even though the college president had a strict policy about
students and faculty "fraternizing", I knew how to get around it,
and had been screwing one of my freshman co-eds all semester.

Jenny was surprised that such a seemingly bookish person like me would
be breaking school rules in such an outrageous way, but I could see
her mouth begin to water as I described Lisa's smooth body and
voracious sexual appetite.  She squirmed in her seat as I told her
of Lisa's recently administered punishment.  The more I talked about
Lisa's slippery pussy and perky tits, the wetter Jenny became.  Soon
she just had to have Lisa. 

"Do you think that I could, well, catch some of this action?" she asked.

"I don't know, Jen" I said (getting familiar with her right away), "I
don't think Lisa likes to...I mean, with another woman and all."

Jenny looked disappointed.  "Isn't there any way I can...you know?"
The sexual frustration in her voice was intense.

"OK, I'll tell you what.  Meet me in this hotel room at 2 o'clock, and
we'll see what we can do." I handed her a key to the room and got up to
leave. "I have an idea that might work."

"I'm looking forward to it!" Jenny said, her eyes sparkling with renewed
lust.  At last, some fresh pussy!

I arrived at the room at ten of two, to find Jenny already there.  The
bitch was so hot she couldn't wait!  I told her to get into the closet
and be still until I came to get her.  She hid her coat and handbag, and
closed the closet door just as Lisa came into the room.

Lisa hopped in the shower for her usual shave and douce after kissing me
hello.  As she dried her hair I said that I wanted to try some more
experimenting with the bondage stuff from her punishment.  Lisa's eyes
lit up, and she rushed to the bed, giggling like a little girl.

"Oh, yeah!  I love it - tie me up again!" she begged.  I tied her arms 
over her head to the bedframe, and used the leather straps to hold
her thighs wide apart.  She looked just like she did when I was punishing
her, only her face was now bright and eager.  She was ready for some
major fucking, and her pussy had already juiced up.  Even across the
room I could feel the heat of her cunt, and smell her fragrance.  I'm
sure that Jenny could also smell it, kneeling in the dark closet as she 
was, getting wetter and hornier as she listened to Lisa's pleas for sex.

I slipped the leather mask on over her eyes, and opened the closet door
so that Jenny could see.  Her left hand was inside her skirt, fingering
her pussy with urgency.  I made a motion for her to come out, but to
be quiet.  She came around to the foot of the bed, and silently slipped
her skirt and blouse off.  I had to catch my breath at the sight of this
well-formed goddess disrobing on front of me.  Jenny was even more 
voluptuous than I had imagined.  Her huge tits sat upright on her chest,
which tapered to a narrow waist, which in turn flared out into her
broad hips.  Soft, downy hair covered her pussy mound.  As she stepped
out of her panties I could see the juice shining on her cunt lips.  This
woman was hot!  If only the lust-light shining in her eyes was directed 
at me.  I could get into spending a month or two between this slut's thighs.

Unfortunately Jenny's attention was firmly directed towards Lisa's 
quivering body tied to the bed.  I was just a tool she was using to 
get her share of the student body, but seeing her soft twentysomething
shape made me forget about all that.  There is something different
about a slightly older woman that is incredibly erotic.  Jenny didn't
have the enthusiastic, "just-opened" look that little Lisa had, but
rather had a sophisticated and experienced appearance that told me she
would know exactly how to drive Lisa crazy with her tongue!

"C'mon, Doc!" Lisa whined. "What's taking so long?  Lisa's pussy needs
some attention!"  She squirmed on the bed, twisting her hips back and
forth and arching her back so that her tits bounced on her chest.

I motioned for Jenny to go ahead, and she slowly crawled onto the bed,
sliding between Lisa's legs.  She was careful to not touch Lisa's thighs,
since the feel of Jenny's soft hands would give her away.  Jenny leaned
forward and breathed softly onto Lisa's cunny.

"Mmmmm..it's about time" Lisa said. "Lick my pussy. Please,  make me 
cum!  I need it so bad.  I was watching this hunky guy in gym class. 
He was so hot.  I grabbed his buns and pulled him under the stands and
sucked him off, but the period ended before he could get me off, and
I'm still horny!  C'mon, stop teasing, stick it in!"

Jenny toyed with Lisa's pussy.  She was in no hurry, and was savoring
every moment, and every drop.  Touching Lisa only with her tongue tip,
Jenny probed and licked her outer cuntal lips.  Lisa started moaning as
Jenny's tongue circled her clit, dancing around it, and flicking softly
at its tender top.  She nibbled on one pussy lip at a time, sucking it
into her mouth and running her tongue up and down its length.

"Oh wow!  This is great" Lisa moaned.  "You're even better than yesterday!
Mmmmm...yessss......lick my clit....higher...higher.....yes, there!  Ohhhh!"

Jenny picked up her speed, now lapping at Lisa's cunt like a dog.  The
slurping and sucking sounds were turning me on, and I wished I'd brought
my tape recorder.  Just listening to the sound of this beauty eating pussy
would get me through some lonely night.

Lisa's hips churned on the bed.  Jenny's tongue lapped away at Lisa's clit,
poking and probing until Lisa began gasping with pleasure.  Jenny was on
her knees in between Lisa's thighs.  Her ass waved in the air, pussy
juice leaking from her slit, and running down her legs.  I could see
her ass hole open and pucker as she rammed her tongue up Lisa's cunt.
Her pussy lips were swollen and pink.  With a free hand, Jenny rubbed
her clit back and forth, but she couldn't move much for fear of her tits
bumping into Lisa's legs.

"Oh, yes. I'm gonna cum! Gonna cummmmm!  YESS!  Lisa's cumming!"  Her
hips pounded up and down into Jenny's face.  Pussy juice poured down
Lisa's thighs, and Jenny carefully licked it up, not letting a single
drop hit the bedsheets.

Jenny pulled back off the bed, her face showing how happy she was to have
eaten out this succulent piece of student snatch.  She gave me a quick
thank-you kiss before skipping into the bathroom to dress.  I grabbed the
vibrator from the nightstand, and plunged it into Lisa's cunt with the
setting on 'high'.  Lisa shrieked with surprise, and began heading for
another orgasm, her hips fucking an imaginary partner.

I peered into the bathroom to find that, as I had suspected, Jenny was
jerking off over the sink.  One hand was furiously slipping back and
forth over her clit, while the other was pinching her fabulous nipples.
She stared into the mirror with lust as her hands brought her to climax.
Her frustration of not being able to fully make love to this teenaged
slut must have been so frustrating to her.  Soon Jenny's moans blended 
with Lisa's.  Her cum was long and messy.  Surrounded by so much 
luscious pussy flesh, I could no longer hold back my need to fuck one 
of these sluts.  

I pulled the vibrator out of Lisa's slit, and jumped on top of her, 
thrusting my cock deep into her wet hole.  

"It's about fucking time!" said Lisa, meeting my thrusts with her hips.
Jenny slipped out the door as Lisa and I continued fucking. The smell of 
sex was still strong around Jenny: both Lisa's and her own pussy juices 
were covering her body.  I smiled as I imagined how her afternoon class
would react to these slutty smells coming from their professor.

I reached up and let Lisa's arms loose.  She grabbed my hips and pulled 
me even closer, gripping me tighter with each thrust.  It wasn't long 
before I felt my cum building up, and pounded into my little slut so hard 
that the bed frame shook.  

"Cum in my pussy, lover!" Lisa whispered in my ear as I showered her
cunt with cum.  

Lying back, we both rested for a moment and caught our breath.  Lisa did
not suspect that Jenny had been there.  She told me again how good her
pussy licking had been, and snuggled close to me.  I had never seen Lisa
so, well, affectionate.  It was almost like she had been looking for a 
man who could eat cunt that good, and now that she had found one, she
intended to keep him.  I saw no reason to alter her impressions.

I brought Jenny back to the hotel room for the next three days.  Each 
time Jenny would lick pussy until Lisa screamed.  With each licking,
Lisa became more and more enamored of my abilities.  Meanwhile, Jenny
herself became more and more horny.  Her bathroom masturbation was 
evidently not enough to satisfy her sexual longing.  When she started
out it was clear that she wanted cunt, and cunt only.  Now, however, I 
could see her eyeing my cock as I slammed into Lisa.

On the fourth day I rented out an adjoining hotel room, and prepared
it with additional sex toys, like more leather straps, double-ended 
dildos and flavored oils and jellies.  My masterpiece was a camcorder 
hidden in a briefcase that I hid in a corner.  It was like one of those 
secret cameras you see used on 60 minutes, and could run for two hours, 
recording whatever action my two beauties could dream up.

I told Jenny to wait in the second room instead of the closet.  I had 
unbolted the door connecting the two rooms so we could go back and forth 
without using the hallway.  I watched as she got ready, and stepped out 
of her clothes.  I admired once more Jenny's lush shape and bouncing 
jello-like tits.  The scent of her pussy filled the room.

With a quick movement, I pulled Jenny onto the bed.  She thought I was
trying to fuck her, and clamped her legs together.  However, getting a
piece of her tasty cunt was not my plan just yet.  I grabbed her arms
and locked on a pair on handcuffs that I had chained to the head of the
bed.  I next strapped her belly to the bed with a thick, padded leather
strap.  Her legs were free to move, and her arms had two-foot long chains
attached to her cuffs.  The arrangement was such that she could move 
about, but not reach her pussy with her hands.  If she reached as far as
the chains would allow, Jenny could just reach the top of her bush.

She was stunned but excited.  I could see lubrication start to build 
up on her pussy lips.  Without explaining anything, I left her alone 
in the room, horny, but unable to touch her vagina.

When Lisa arrived, I told her that I was tired, and that we would begin
in a little while.  In the meantime, I suggested we watch the porno
movie on the VCR.  Lisa pouted a little, but soon warmed up to the hot
action on the tape.  I could almost sense Jenny's frustration in the
next room.  I turned up the volume loud to make sure she could hear the
actress's moans of pleasure.

Lisa lay on her next to me, absently fingering her clit as we watched
the film.  Whenever her speed increased and she neared a cum, I pulled
her hands away.  She giggled with the sexual frustration I was building
up in her. 

"Gonna fuck you hard, after all this!  Lisa's pussy needs some hard
fucking!"  I always loved the way she talked about her cunt in the
third person.  "Mmmmm, look at that bitch suck that guy's prick!  She
really knows her stuff.  See?  She's holding his balls while she
tongues his shaft.  Now she's lapping up his pre-cum.  That guy's
gonna cum real big.  You can tell he's about to spurt....Look!  There
he goes - what'd I tell ya?"  Lisa had called the actor's climax to
within 3 or 4 seconds - she was truly a connoisseur of cocksucking.

After 15 or so minutes Lisa's horniness was almost uncontrollable. I
had to hold both her arms down to keep them from fingering her cunt
to orgasm.  She squirmed in my arms and begged me to let her cum.
Jenny must have also been climbing the walls in the other room, her
hands tied just inches from her dripping slit.  I envisioned her swollen
lips and engorged clitoris, begging to be fingered and licked.

I turned to Lisa, who thought I was going to fuck her at last and
almost yelped with glee.  Once again I bound her arms and legs to the
bedframe, and masked her.  God, I was getting good at this!

Lisa's body writhed from side to side, her cunt lips wide open and 
dripping.  I went into the other room and made my pitch to Jenny.  If
she wanted me to untie her, she would have to agree to give Lisa a 
passing grade in her class.  In exchange I would arrange for her to
get all the poontang she wanted.  I even hinted that some of Lisa's
hornier friends, like her sluttish roommate, Kathi, might be persuaded
to join in.  My only condition was that I would have to be informed
of all encounters between this lesbian coalition, and be allowed to
join in if I wanted to.

It took Jenny all of half a second to give in and agree to give me
control over this virtual harem.  I leaned forward and untied Jenny.  

The bitch pushed me aside and rushed into the bedroom.  She jumped on 
the bed and thrust her tongue up Lisa's cunt in one motion, and began 
licking, munching and slurping away.  Lisa cried out with lust and 
quickly climbed to the first of many cums.

Jenny's throbbing cunt was leaking pussy juice down her thighs like
a punctured waterbed.  Her clit was erect and so hot I could almost
see it steaming.  Her free hand tried to frig her cunt, but I stepped
in and pulled it aside.  With frustration, Jenny ate away at Lisa's
slit with even more vigor.  Lisa was in heaven, and came so intensely
she had trouble catching her breath before another orgasmic wave took
her over again.  Tears were dripping down Lisa's face as Jenny kept
up her tongue onslaught.  

Soon I had to pull Jenny away before Lisa passed out from exhaustion.
She clearly wanted more pussy and tried to break away and plunge her
had back between Lisa's creamy thighs.  I grabbed her arms firmly and
pushed her back into the other room, shackling her arms back to the bed.
She cried out for me to let her go, her hands frantically trying to
reach her glistening clit.

I returned to Lisa and pulled off her mask.  She smiled up at me and
begged me to fuck her cunt.

Holding her arms down above her head, I pushed her thighs apart with 
my knees, and slowly pushed my cock into her hole.  She sighed with
pleasure as I slid my entire length inside her in one stroke.  Her cunt
was creamy and wet, and I could feel it clasping at my cock as it began
to plunge in and out.  The softness of her thighs was like butter.  Lisa's
cushiony breasts squished up against my chest as I lay on top of her, and
I could feel her hardened nipples.

Lisa grunted as I hit bottom with each stroke.  She stared into my
eyes with a blank gaze.  Her hands held onto my shoulders as I slammed
my hips into hers.  Her breathing got shortened as she neared her cum.
Digging her nails into my back, she pounded her hips up into mine.  I
felt her pussy spasm and lubricate all over my plunging cock. She gave
out a final moan as she came, and sank back onto the bed.

"Now, my little slut," I told her, "I have a surprise for you.  Only
you have to remember your promise that if I could get you Jenny Smith's
cunt, you would be mine for the rest of the year."

Lisa said she would stand by that promise, and I went to the door and
opened it, revealing Jenny, straining at her chains, begging for someone
to give her relief and suck her pussy before she exploded with lust.

Lisa's eyes lit up.  She gave me a huge kiss in gratitude.  I untied
her and let her walk into the other room.  She slowly circled the bed,
keeping her firm, young ass just out of reach of Jenny's grasp.  Jenny
cried out with frustration.  Lisa walked over the the desk, and picked
up a dildo and some cherry-flavored lube in one hand, and a wide leather 
whip in the other.  With her eyes sparkling, she approached the bed. 

I glanced into the corner to make sure that my secret camera was 
recording all this, and closed the door behind my two cunts.  I would 
let them freely make love as long as they wanted.  My turn would come 
eventually.

It could only get better.



--
