THE TEASING OF LAURA

    I always liked the feeling of "uncertainty" you get when you're
just starting-out in a relationship.....especially the first couple
of dates.  `Though sometimes "maddening" in that you don't really
have any idea whether you're going to "do it" or just "shake hands",
never calling each-other again, there's something "magical" about the
first dates with girl.  Laura, my newly-found lady friend, was one
of those you didn't know which way it would go, and it made the 
beginning that much more "intriguing", especially as she'd convinced
me that, as she'd put it when we'd last met for lunch: "you're not
going to FUCK me, damned you!!!"  I hadn't made any `overt' moves in
that direction, so I wasn't exactly sure where that came from, as
she looked "intensely" into me....studying my face for a reaction.
So, I'd "hid" my "confusion" with the best `poker-face' I could come
up with in a pinch, and said "who the hell mentioned FUCKING??"
She then seemed to get really "upset" with me, leaning closer to me
in our booth, and said "I can tell by THAT look in your eyes, THAT'S
what's on your mind..."  Judging by the flaring of the nostrils, and
the determined look on her face, she must've believed that I was
looking at her as if I wanted to.....  Hell, I didn't think so..

   She didn't call me for a `week' after that.  Though I'd thought
about her a lot, she really was quite the "knock-out", with a beauty
that most women would "envy", I didn't feel too good about the "call
her up and grovel" idea that I'd been hatching lately.  When the 
phone rang one Sunday afternoon, she'd "apologized" to me, and said:
"listen, why don't we go out for dinner, kinda make-up with each-
other..."  As "sorry" as she'd sounded for being so "accusatory"
during our last outing, I thought this would be a good time to put
her and I back onto the track again..

   When I got to her small apartment, she was "ready" for me.  Her
entire body smelled "terrific", and her eyes "sparkled", showing a
genuine eagerness to be with me.  I escorted her to my car, opened
the door for her, and we were "off" for a nice dinner at a nearby
Italian restaurant, my "favorite" food.

   While we ate, I felt her naked foot move up, and begin rubbing
my shin, pushing my sock down around my shoe.  As our table was in
a secluded corner, it didn't seem, in such "dim" lighting, that we
had to worry too-much about spectators, and she continued to move
her foot "higher" till it was resting right in my `crotch', her
nylon clad toes "massaging my balls" as I tried to eat my fettucine.
During the entire meal, I didn't take my eyes off of hers, and the
way she was looking at me "this time" was a definite "yes", not the
aggravated and "pissed-off" look I'd seen in those eyes before..
I thought to myself; "women....what ENIGMA'S they are!!!", as I
continued to wonder just what I'd done to deserve all this "loving"
and "nurturing" from Laura..

   When we'd gotten to her apartment, I'd made the assumption that
her "anxiousness" was a "put-on", to "tease me", and I just thought
that I'd "kiss her good-night", and be on my way home.  As we stood
out on the terrace, in front of her apartment, her hands were "all
over me" as I gently and without intention, kissed her warm, open
mouth...  When her hands went down between us, down to my growing
bulge in my trousers, I couldn't believe that she was the same girl
who, just a few days earlier, had said "you're not going to FUCK ME!"
....acting as if it were my intent all-along.  I finally had to
break our kiss, because the combination of her scent, her warm and
supple body, and those fingers on my cock, was making me "dizzy" and
unable to stand-up.  She looked me right in the eye, and said: "hey,
am I doing something wrong?"  I said "NO", laughing out-loud at her
as she seemed to be surprised at how "intoxicated" she could make me
just by "kissing" her...

   She extended her hand to me, pulling me towards her door.  I then
said: "does this mean I get to come in for a night-cap?", and she'd
replied "yep, something like that!!"  The "impish" grin on her face,
and the way her eyes smiled at me, I still thought "I'm going to get
BURNED here....", as I followed her in.  Once the door had been shut
behind us, the chain lock quickly put up by her....she led me over
to the sofa.  She kicked-off her high-heels, and pulled me onto the
couch next to her.  I couldn't remember ever having been with a girl
as "aggressive" as Laura, in quite a long time, and this behavior was
still "blowing my mind", as I re-played her line from our lunch date.
I was now "reeling" from her kisses now, and being a man who prides
himself on "self-control", I apparently hadn't brought along much of
that with me when I left home that evening.  I found myself "hungrily
and feverishly devouring her", our kissing actually on the verge of
"violence" as we groped each-other's shaking bodies...

   As she began to pull me on-top of her, her magnificent tits now
out in the open, her blouse completely removed, I just wanted to
smother myself in them, bury my face in them, take in that absolutely
"overpowering" female scent of hers, and just "lose it" with her.
As I'd known her breasts were "nice", I'd never dreamt in a million
years they'd be "this goddamned nice", as I closed my eyes, and sucked
them, pulling the nipples "deep" into my hungry mouth..  It was about
that time when I felt myself "slipping out of control", that I found
myself "fighting" the rising "animal" desire within me, for this very
well-built babe.  God, how I wanted her...

   I managed to push myself "away" from Laura...her head "thrown-back"
in "total, complete surrender", laying there on the couch before me.
I think she thought that I was getting-up to undress, but when she 
opened her eyes, and realized I was standing in-front of her, "shaking"
like a cold, wet `dog', she got a really confused look on her face,
and "sat up" in front of me, covering her heaving, wet titties.
"Just what do you want from me, damned you!!!"; she'd exclaimed. I
sat next to her, and took her arms away from her breasts, and looked
right into those beautiful brown eyes, and said: "listen Laura, I'm
not used to this going quite so fast now....", adding: "when I was
`young', I'd have been IN you by now, GOIN FOR IT, not really thinking
much about the feelings....but that was a long time ago"...  "Now,
I'm not so sure I can do that anymore, just `screw', no `commitment'
or genuine feelings of `caring'...do you understand what I'm saying??"

   Laura looked-up and her eyes "welled-up" with tears, and she just
seemed to just begin "sobbing" like a little girl.  I took her hands
in mine, and just held them tight, feeling her fingers touching me,
and I felt like I'd done something really "horrible", making her cry
like this..  I pulled her to me, hugged her, and we just stayed like
that for a long time.  Quite a novelty for two people in their 30's,
both of us "experienced" with many lovers..

   When she quit crying, I looked "deeply" into those eyes, searching
for what I'd hoped would be understanding, of real "caring", not just
the `lust' of biologic "need" we'd stirred in each-other.  I "found
it" there...and we both understood where we stood, what we wanted to
do then.  I stood up, pulled her to her feet, and led her to the bed-
room.  We undressed each-other, just marveling at each-other's bodies,
and our hands explored each-other, not hurriedly, but "slowly" and
very gently.  When my hand finally went to feel the silkiness, her
"wetness" streaming from her bare pussy lips, I "knelt" and gently
licked her clitoris, explored her cleft, licked "up" the entire
length of her juicy slit, taking-in her musky "honey", flowing from
her, syrupy and "sweet" on my tongue..

   Once I'd pushed Laura back gently onto the bed, I continued to
"eat her" like an epicure, tasting....savoring, tasting again, and
rinsing my mouth with her secretions..  The sensation of incredible
"smoothness" of the bald pussy lips, obviously not "shaven", but
maybe made that way with electrolysis, was something which I'd not
experienced before.  Seeing photographs of "bald" pussies had tended
to be a "turn-off" before, but now......I couldn't imagine a more
wonderful, more "erotic" experience, as I ate Laura, scooping out
her tasty cunt cream with my tongue, gently sucking and biting her
tiny clitoris...

   When I'd pulled myself up to her, to kiss her sensuous, hungry
mouth again, she seemed "excited" by the smell of her juices on my
face, in my mustache, eyebrows, permeating my skin pores..  It made
a "crazy" lady of her, her legs "spread" for me, her hand feverishly
pulling my dick towards her hot, "tight" opening.  "C'mon, baby....
I WANT your beautiful cock inside me, `honey!!!", Laura "moaned" 
at me, eyes tightly shut.  "Don't tease me anymore, baby...I WANT
you!!!", she pleaded with me.  "My pussy's ACHING for that nice,
long, wonderful COCK thrusting into her..."  "Don't make me BEG
you, my beautiful man..."

   As I felt the outer lips against my bloated, throbbing cock-head,
I could feel her pulse there, the heat stabbing at the opening of my
dick like a tiny flame.  I "pushed in" ever so slowly, wanting to
savor the sensation, lock it away in my brain, get this woman into
my very `soul', as I penetrated her.  Her hands on my ass, pulling me
urgently into her, were making this difficult, and as my dick still
was barely past the outer labia, swollen and juicy, I still managed
to keep from just shoving it in, right to her belly button.  Laura
couldn't wait, and she "orgasmed", with barely an inch of my cock
inside her, her body trying to crawl onto me, fighting to get me to
fill that "void" in her tummy.  "AAAAHHHHH!!!!!..AAAHHHHHHH!!!!
AAAAHHHHHHGGHHH!!!", she'd groaned..."fuck MEEEE!!!!..damn you!!!"
Still, I ever so gently, almost imperceptibly, let the pink, clasping
vagina, now "throbbing" in powerful contractions, to continue to
"swallow-up" my hot, pulsating dick..

   The sensation of being "drawn into" such a wonderfully hot and
perfectly fitting pussy, cannot be adequately described here.  When
I was completely inside Laura, her legs spread wide, her toes curled,
her entire body "quaking" as I bounced my prick off her `cervix', in
little "jabs", I felt like I had finally, after all of the women I'd
been with, that I'd finally found THE "perfect" fit!  The connection
of our `souls' was made via our genitalia, my cock and her cunt now
communicating in their own `language', the kind where there is no
chance of being misunderstood.  Our bodies understood each-other 
"absolutely", "positively", without a doubt...  As we now began a
rhythmic and intoxicating "dance" on her water bed, I looked deeply
into those beautiful, sexy bedroom eyes of Laura's, and fell "head
over heels" in-love with her.  I saw it inside of her `soul', the
reflections of this.  We were "one"...

   When I finally came, it was with Laura holding her legs back,
opened "completely" for me, her cunt "clamping down" on me like a
"vise"..  I could almost "smell" my cream as it raced from my now
constricting balls, up the length of my "expanding", "exploding"
dick, jetting in hot torrents into Laura's pussy.  "YEAAAAHHHHH!!!!"
.."That's it!!!!!"; I'd "groaned", as her hand found my balls and
massaged the sperm from them.  "OOOHHH BAAABBEEE!!!", she grunted,
as my load blasted her womb....filling her, searing her..."AHHHHHHGH!!
..AHHHH!!!...AHHHHHGHHH!!!", she cried as each pulse of semen flooded
into her, her fingers pulling my balls into her...  I didn't think
that a human body could feel this good, as we "rocked" and thrust
to our `climax' together.  I felt so "out of shape", being on the
"breathless" side, as we "collapsed", "fused-together"..

   After resting peacefully in each-other's arms, I moved between
Laura's legs, spreading them, and began to "eat" her again, as I
couldn't get enough of that "bald" pussy.  I closely examined the
bright pink inner-folds of her vagina, as I licked the juices we'd
combined inside her.  I kept my index finger gently on the hood of
her clit, avoiding direct contact, massaging it with the same circular
motion as my tongue was making within her juicy opening.  I pushed my
middle finger "upwards", onto her `G' spot, which was the "trigger"
of another `orgasm' for my woman..  Holding the outer lips open with
one hand, stabbing my tongue into her, and massaging both her `clit'
and her `G' spot, was "too much", and in seconds, her gyrating pelvis
pushed "hard" against my mouth, gluing her opening to me as her inner
muscles pushed-out her cunt cream and sperm that I'd planted in there.
Her next-door neighbors, obviously "upset" at the noise we'd been
making, were now "pounding" on the wall, but I really didn't give a
damn.  They were jealous, that's all..

   Once again, I'd thought that I'd found another "keeper", in Laura,
but as-usual, it would turn-out that she was still seeing her ex-
husband, screwing him, `too.  Though I thought that I could handle
not being so possessive with her, the vision of him making it with 
her, of her "enjoying" another man's cock inside her, was "too much",
and we "broke up" soon thereafter.  How "strange" that here I was, a
"man", wanting `fidelity' in a relationship....

...not the end, just a break from the keyboard.


