BOUND AND TEASED

Last night I had a wonderful date with my girlfriend, with whom I
switch; this time she was topping me.  I enjoy crossdressing and
playing with gender; well, she really enjoys it too, and she had told
me to shave myself before our date.  I did, legs, crotch, chest,
armpits, arms, everything.  I also took a tip from Nurse Jones and put
conditioner all over myself, before I went to sleep and again when I
woke up.  It really is amazing what conditioner does to naked skin;
it's a totally new level of sensation and pleasure!

We played in a lot of ways.  Early on, I was chained naked and
blindfolded in a bathtub of warm water, while she washed my ass and
genitals.  It was very loving of her, and I felt cherished and secure,
on display in the bath.  I was very much in love with my Mistress, and
every bit a slave.

Later I was chained to a futon, as she massaged me with oil, bringing
my skin to full awareness, making me feel sensuous and ravished.  She
whipped my chest and brought my nipples to hardened attention; it was
a revelation to me to see how my nipples responded to the pressures!
Nipple play is another thing to which I'm now converted; nipples and
conditioner.  Oh, and ice cubes, which she tormented me with while I
was still chained.  An ice cube in each armpit when your hands are
stretched above your head...  VERY intense!!!  And I know she'll enjoy
it when I use them on her!  Switching is a GREAT way to introduce new
elements into your sex play!

The most pleasurable part of the futon scene, though, was just the
simple contact between our bodies.  The intimacy in being bound so,
with my body spread below hers, was so deep and gratifying... and the
sensations when she rubbed herself against me... we were both swept
away.  As she stroked me, she told me to think of myself as her
girlfriend, which aroused us both; she's very bisexual, and she really
enjoys having a girlfriend with a cock!  This was especially enjoyable
when she played with my breasts, kneading them and awakening them...
and my balls, licking them, they were so shaven and silky they felt
like a pussy... and the head of my cock, jolting me with pleasure as
though it was a clitoris!  I had to pee, so she got a jar and turned
me on my side and I pissed for her, into the jar.  It was the first
time I'd ever pissed for anyone in a scene, and it was completely
tender and intimate, giving her my piss.  She was amused when I told
her how handy it is to have an urethra at the end of my clit!

But as for teasing... later yet, she had me dress up for her, in latex
stockings and garter belt, red spandex top, black satin corset, black
shiny miniskirt, red-and-black four-inch heels, bondage belt, and
pearls.  And of course the collar.  I love it when she asks me to
dress; she enjoys seeing my slender figure in clothes that accent my
androgyny, and I enjoy submitting to her will and showing off sluttily
for her.  She chained my ankles together and told me to go down on
her, which I did with great happiness, loving her with my lips and
tongue and teeth, telling her clitoris how much I adored her and
everything she was.  She responded with a thoroughly satisfying
orgasm.

Then she told me she wanted to tie me to a chair, and proceeded to do
just that, with my hands in bondage mittens bound to the chair back,
my elbows in cuffs clipped to the bondage belt, and my ankles tied to
the legs of the chair.  And a four-inch collar around my neck.  I was
completely at her mercy, which turned me on TREMENDOUSLY; and the
bondage was tight, overloading my body with pleasure whenever I
struggled against it.  She pulled my skirt up and tied a black cord
around my cock and balls, making me stand out hard and helpless--there
was a full-length mirror right in front of the chair, which drew my
eyes right to the bound figure with twitching penis and wide eyes,
which became even wider when she strapped the gag around my head and
put the nipple clamps on my nipples with their chain running through
my collar....

And _then_ she ran her lips over my cock, and the sensations were so
utterly powerful and tantalizing, I couldn't stand it.  She had me
bucking and moaning, trying to fuck her face, as she teasingly held
still; then she pulled away and watched with a smile as I panted and
sighed; then she touched her tongue to the head of my cock and I could
feel every tiny contact, every minute wet friction... I was so
sensitized, I couldn't think straight, I was crazed with my desire,
and she was relishing watching me sweat and struggle.

She herself couldn't resist any longer, and she rolled a condom onto
me and sat on my lap.  The contact as my dick slid into her pussy was
electric, and we both groaned as it hit us... and then the sweet sweet
sensations as she slid me into and out of her.  She ungagged me, and
we kissed frenziedly; I was so acutely aware of the contact between us
at mouths and genitals... she rode me and rode me, hard then soft, at
one point we were bucking so hard the chair was creaking like a rusty
door in a gale, and she had to stop for fear of waking the neighbors!

Finally her legs gave out, and she unbound me from the chair and led
me into the bedroom, mittens and collar and heels still intact.  She
stroked me to full hardness once again, mounted me, and fucked me
while clipping my mittens together above my head... then she rolled
over so I was on top, and in a voice hoarse with passion she told me
to fuck her.

It was one of the most mind-blowing fucks of my life.  My whole body
was still throbbing from the pressures of my clothes and bindings, and
she had teased my cock to an extraordinary level of sensation.  She
herself had become every bit as turned on while teasing me, and her
pussy was swollen and inflamed, clenching around me as I entered her.
I pumped her, and rapidly felt myself about to come, so I held still
for a minute as my ears buzzed and I could practically feel the energy
filling the room from the two of us.  I started moving again, ever so
slightly, and the pleasure from those tiny motions was as intense as
some orgasms I've had.  She was breathing in great gulps, both of us
sweating, our bodies shuddering in the grip of this incredible fuck...
I pumped her, and stopped, and pumped, and stopped, and she began
contracting around me, it was like we were riding the edge of a
titanic orgasm, surfing as the spray and foam blew around us, and the
power surged upwards from the sea as I started slamming into her and
we both cried out as my orgasm convulsed us.

The tide ebbed out and left us sprawled on the bed, unable almost to
turn and look at each other let alone lift our heads to kiss, yet we
were both grinning foolishly with the ridiculous bliss that we both
felt.  It took us about ten minutes to recover enough to hug and kiss
and get naked with each other, and for those ten minutes all we could
think about was the strength of what we'd just done, and the love we
had for each other.
