Archive-name: School/teazed.txt
Archive-author: Geo. "Bud" Sanders
Archive-title: Shelley the Teaser

 
  **From the PANTY-TEASERS files : (8-14-90)
 
Uncle Bud writes of his days as a college instructor, the
teasing he's encountered, and his enjoyment of it.  He tells of
women who enjoy making men hard and aching with just the
right flash of smooth leg and a glimpse of prettily pantied
crotch; and the power they hold over a teaser-loving man.
 
 
I've heard a lot of guys complain about women who'll carry on in
a manner that will cause your cock to stiffen up real hard, but
then not take things any further than putting a good ache in
your balls and a swelling in your joint.  Well some men may not
like it but I appreciate a good prickteaser.  There really is a
fine art to real prickteasing, and a woman who knows that art
can make a guy like me want aching balls.
 
When I have the good fortune to spend anytime in the company of
a prickteasing woman, I'm always most appreciative.  I don't
mind having to eventually leave their nasty presence with aching
balls and a throbbing hard prick.  I know I'll be pumping the
cream right out once I get into private, remembering the fine
display they've given me.
 
Although I'm recently retired, I was an instructor at a nearby
junior college a couple of years ago.  Oh what hot little
teasers those co-eds can be.  In their fashionable short skirts
and high-heeled pumps - why I can't even begin to count the
number of times I'd be sitting behind my desk at the front of
the room, feeling the aching frustration in my swollen prick and
balls, as I looked out at one or two of the female students in
short skirts sitting in the front row.
 
There were many times when I'd wonder if any one of the smooth
legged young women would realize what she was showing me as she
wiggled her firm, round ass in the seat to get comfortable,
opening her legs just wide and long enough for me to get a peek
at her pretty little panty covered crotch.  I would sit behind
my big wood desk, where no one could see the hard bulge in my
slacks, and watch for skirt wearing co-eds as they walked into
the classroom.  I would often pretend to be busy reading,
holding a book or paper up, when I was actually watching those
provocatively dressed young women lowering themselves into their
desks.  Jesus!  Just thinking back to that time now gets my rod
aching and throbbing in a way that I'm sure would make any hot
little prickteaser extremely proud of her talents and powers.
 
Yes indeed, sitting there at the front of the room afforded me a
view that I knew could almost always get me a little peek up
their short tight skirts.  Oh, the joys of working with eager
young students!  There were many class periods when I didn't
dare leave my desk because of the extremely conspicuous bulge
those shapely legged, and prettily pantied youngsters produced
in my pants.
 
Lucky for me, my office was adjacent to my classroom.  After
class, when all the students were out of the room, I'd rush to
my office, lock the door behind me, and pull out my engorged
prick.  I would indulge myslef in a vigorous session of fantasy
and "tool polishing" that always led to shooting my load in a
big way. I'd imagine myself with one of those sexy little co-eds
in my office.  She'd lean over my desk, pull her tight little
skirt up around her slender waist, and jut her firm, round,
pantied ass towards me, telling me I could rub my prick against
it if I'd promise to let her pass the next class exam. Oh, I'd
be pumping my stiff prick, picturing myself rubbing it against
her hot ass.  Yes, those sexily dressed young women inspired
many a draining jerk-off session in my old office there.
 
But one day, those fantasies became a reality.  I'd just entered
my office after the class ended when I heard a light, feminine
knock at the door.  When I opened it, there stood Shelly Owens,
one of the fantasy-inspiring students.  I had spent much of the
earlier class hour stealing peeks at her long, smooth legs,
encased in sheer black stockings accenting each delicious curve.
They were displayed so prettily below a short and tight emerald
green skirt and atop black stilletto heels.  Yes, you can bet I
was getting all the peeks I could that afternoon as Shelley and
the class worked on an essay exam.  She asked if she could
talk with me about the exam, so I invited her in.
 
I sat at my desk and invited her to have a seat in the only
other chair in the room that sat beside the desk.  As she sat
she wriggled her firm round ass into the seat cushion and
crossed her long legs in a slow provocative manner.  She began
by telling me that she was concerned that her grades in my class
were very poor and that she wanted to find a way to improve
them.
 
It took all my energy to keep from simply staring at her sexy
legs, so close and so beautifully sexy.  I began to tell
her that studying was really the only way she was going to
improve her test scores.  She told me she did study but still
wasn't able to remember everything she read.  As she spoke she
let the shiny black pump slip from her heel and dangle on her
toes.  I couldn't help but look glance down quickly to catch a
peek at her legs and that sexily dangling `FM' pump.  Needless
to say, I could feel my penis stiffen and rise in my slacks
instantly, causing a growing bulge that I covered with my folded
hands.
 
"Aside from referring you a student tutor, Shelly, I'm not sure
there's anything I can, uh ..." I lost all train of thought as
she uncrossed her legs in a slow and deliberate manner, giving
me a flashing peek up her tight skirt, and causing me to stop
abruptly in mid-sentance.  I saw that she wasn''t wearing
pantyhose, but stockings with garters.
 
She smiled at me innocently, looking very attentive, waiting for
me to go on.
 
"I, uh, was saying," I began again, trying to regain the
composure I was losing under the sweet view of her deliciously
long legs, "I, ummm, don't know of anything else that could be
of help."
 
As I spoke I noticed that she was looking at my hands folded
over my lap.  I felt suddenly nervous that she was noticing my
growing erection, and fell silent again.  She settled back into
the chair, wriggling her bum again as if getting more
comfortable, which caused her skirt to raise an inch or two up
her thighs.
 
"Is everything alright, Mr. Sanders," she asked innocently as
she lingeringly recrossed those long lovely legs, letting her
skirt slide higher up her smooth thighs, "You seem a bit
agitated?"
 
"I-I'm f-fine," I managed to say, "J-just fine, Shelly.  Now
about improving your grades..." I began when her dangling pump
dropped from her slender foot to the floor with a loud thump,
derailing my train of thought as I tried to keep from staring at
her feet and legs.
 
"Oh, Mr. Sanders," she smiled, "I'm sure there's something I can
do to help my grades, don't you?"
 
Saying that she leaned down and with one hand slipped her
high-heel back onto her foot.  As she sat back up she let her
red nailed fingers lightly trail up her leg, stopping at her
skirt hem and toying with it.
 
"There's just got to be a little something we could arrange that
would most definitely raise my grades," she said nonchalantly,
then added with a teasing smile, "raise my grades and other
THINGS."
 
She ran her hand across her bare thigh, over her knee, then back
up to the skirt hem and began talking in a low throaty voice as
she looked at me, "I've learned that I have certain assets, you
might say, that are appreciated by particular kinds of people,
Mr. Sanders."
 
She continued stroking her thigh as I sat spellbound at the
sight and words.  She continued, "Yes, Mr. Sanders, I believe
there is a little something I can do - a little something we can
work out that will be beneficial for both of us."
 
She stood and stepped with slow provocative steps towards me.
Standing in her stilletto heels near me her legs seemed to go on
forever and she appeared to tower above me.
 
"When it comes to taking tests, I may not be outstanding," she
turned so that she faced the desk, giving me a profile view of
her standing an arm's length away, and placed both hands on the
desk top, leaning forward and flexing her legs atop those high
nasty heeled shoes, "But when it comes to my legs," she turned
her face to me and smiled as she jutted her firm, high ass out,
"I've been told I'm very outstanding!  Alot of men like my legs,
Mr. Sanders.  I've known that for several years now.  Do you
like my legs, sir?"
 
I couldn't speak at that point, but only shake my head yes.
 
"Mmmmmmm," she murmured as if very pleased with my admission,
then added, "I'll bet you do, Mr. Sanders.  I'll bet you like
them enough to reward me if I were to give you a special little
leg show here in your office - no touching, just looking.  Do
you think that then my grades would improve, sir?"
 
Again I shook my head yes, and managed a hoarse, "Of course,
Shelly, of course it will improve them."
 
She turned slowly and perched herself up on the desk.
 
"I'm going to give YOU a test now, Mr. Sanders.  I saw you
looking at my legs today in class, trying to peek up my short
skirt.  Can you tell me what color panties I'm wearing today,
sir?" she asked teasingly, "If you guess right, Shelly will let
you see them.  Would you like that, Mr. Sanders - I do fit them
rather well, sir."
 
She smiled coyly and winked, as her hands played lightly across the
tops of her thighs.
 
"I'll give you a little hint, they're a wickedly nasty color,"
she giggled and continued running her hands across her legs.
 
"Well, Shelly," I began.  My stiff prick was throbbing and
aching in my pants.  The anticipation was painfully delicious.
"I'd have to guess black Shelley - you're wearing black
panties."
 
"Oh, Mr Sanders, you're right.  Now I'm gonna let you see
them."
 
Placing a hand on each knee, she spread her legs and let me look
up those long smooth sexy thighs, into her tropical valley of
delights.  Sure enough, her mound was snuggly covered with black
sheer nylon panties.  I could see her neatly trimmed bush
through the thin fabric.  She tugged up slightly on her skirt to
afford me a better view.
 
"Remember," she whispered, "you can look but you can't touch."
She slipped her hand into her those sheer panties.  Her fingers
moved in a rhythmic motion inside her black panites and she ran
her wet pink tongue across her full red lips.  She looked into
my face and commanded me.
 
"I'll bet you're really stiff down there in your lap, aren't you
Mr. Sanders?"
 
I nodded yes.
 
"Pull your pants down, Mr. Sanders - pull 'em down and let me
see how hard I've made you.  Oh gosh, Mr. Sanders, did I cause
that?  Its so big and sooo hard!"
 
I nodded again.  My stiff cock bobbed, pointing straight out
towards her.  Out of habit, and before I realized it, I took
ahold of it with one hand, absent mindedly giving it a long
stroke.
 
"That's right Mr. Sanders, show me how you work that big stiff
thing.  Yeah, stroke it and make it squirt for me.  Come on now,
I know you can do it - now, stroke it and make it squirt for
Shelly."
 
As if in a trance of horniness, I did as she said and began to
earnestly run my hand up and down the length of my prick.  In
turn, she licked her pouty lips and moved her fingers within her
panties in time to my strokes.
 
"I'll bet that feels good, doesn't it Mr. Sanders?" she said
with a throaty whisper.  "I'll bet your big bloated balls are
aching to unload."
 
I managed to say yeah as I stroked, running my hungry eyes from
her diddled crotch, down her fine legs, and back up again.  I
could feel my cum churning in my balls, preparing to blast.
 
"Stop!" she said suddenly, pointing at my cock with her free hand.
She then motioned to me, pointing to a spot on the floor right
 
"Kneel down here, right here in front of me so I can see ... and
you can see me."
 
Still holding my rod in my hand, I slipped from the chair to
the floor, and on my knees, walked to her.  I could clearly
smell her woman scent and hear the sound of her fingers
sloshing in and out of her soaking wet pussy.
 
"Now," she instructed, "jerk it again.  I wanna' see you cum -
I wanna' feel you cum on my legs."
 
I didn't need any more encouragement.  With those words I was
just few fast strokes from shooting my wad.  My balls tightened.
My strokes became faster as the point of coming approached.
 
"NO, stop," she commanded again.  I followed her words.
She kept finger fucking herself as I kneeled there, no more
than ten inches from her.
 
After about a minute, she told me to do it again.  I resumed.
She was making me jerk-off as I kneeled between her legs!
She watched me as she continued frigging herself atop my desk,
directing me to stoke myself harder, or to stop when I was just
about to shoot my load.  All the while she had her hand in her
silky little panties, sliding her shiny wet finger between the
swollen cunt lips and slipping her fingers up to twirl her rigid
little clit.
 
She teased and taunted me, asking if I'd like to rub my
throbbing, sensitive cockhead between her swollen, wet pussy
lips.
 
"Oh yes, Shelly, yes I would!"
 
She lifted her wetted fingers to her mouth and licked her own
juices as she told me, "That's too bad, Mr. Sanders because I
just can't let a dirty ol' man touch my young, sweet quim ...
and it is sweet Mr. Sanders, very sweet and rich."
 
When she said that I began working my tool in fast short pumps.
But she made me stop again.  She had me lick my fingers and
just use one finger tip and rub the cock tip lightly as she
alternated between taunting me and asking me if I liked to watch
her teasing display.  This went on for at least forty-five
minutes as she became more and more aroused with her self
stimulation and control over me.  Finally with a heave and
shudder she rubbed her hand fiercely against her cunt and came.
 
With her eyes half open and breathing shallow she commanded me,
saying, "Jerk it, jerk it real good!"
 
I could feel the cum churning in my balls as they tightened
anad readied to blast my pearly cream.  She could tell I was
about to blow my load and she told me to shoot it on her legs.
I crawled closer, still stroking my prick, and aimed it at her
smooth tanned calves.  The dirty talk she made, the sight of her
sexy legs and her pussy play, and the short rapid strokes I gave
myself all combined to make my cock erupt with long blasts of
thick, sticky ball juice across her legs.
 
Yes indeed - I blasted in a big way. When I unloaded, it felt
like my balls had turned inside out from the intense surges she
inspired.  The long strings on sticky white cum were running
down her tanned legs when I looked up.  She reached down and
rubbed my pearly ball-cream into her stockinged legs.  The white
jizz shone brightly against her black nylons.  Then as I watched,
she unclasped her stockings from the garters holding them up,
rolled them down her long smooth legs.  She slipped off her
pumps, slid the stockings from her pretty feet, and tossed the
cum soaked nylons onto my desk.
 
"Well Mr. Sanders, " she smiled, "I expect this little session
will help my grades immensely.  Wouldn't you agree?"
 
I shook my head yes, as I remained kneeling on the floor with my
rapidly wilting prick in my hand.  She slid her feet back into
those nasty high-heeled pumps, stood, smoothed her sexy skirt,
then stepped to the door.
 
"I'll see you before the next exam," she said, winked, then closed
the door behind her.
 
--
