Tech
by deirdre

"Surely you've done it, just a little bit... haven't you?"  Rose was 
asking me if I ever *had fun* with our patients!  We were both 
nurses in the same doctor's office and we often settled patients in 
the examination rooms and instructed them to undress.

"*Good grief, no!*" I responded.  I couldn't believe she was asking 
about such a thing.  You get used to the routines and you act 
professionally to put the patients at ease.  You *don't* go around 
seeing what you can get away with!

"I don't mean anything *terrible*, just a little experiment.  You 
know: see if you can get them to do something silly."

"*You* don't do that, do you?"  I asked, shocked.

"Well, nothing that matters," replied Rose, not looking the slightest 
bit guilty.

"What have you done?"

"Well, told someone to undress a *little* more than they needed to."  
I thought about it.  "Haven't you wondered what some of them would 
be *willing* to do?"

"What did Lee say?"  Dr. Lee is the internist we work for.

"Oh, he doesn't even notice little things.  You know that."  It's true 
that Dr. Lee doesn't trouble himself with details--in fact, he is a bit 
absentminded.

"So what have you done?" I returned.  My curiosity is really my 
undoing.

"You asked me that.  You mean an example?"  I didn't answer.  I didn't 
*want* to be eager.  Rose looked at me for a moment and then I saw 
a slight smile on her face.  But she didn't answer me.

Later that afternoon, Rose asked me to come with her to room three 
and check Mrs. Fensom's blood pressure.  I almost asked her why 
since she could do it as well as I could.  We walked in the room and I 
almost exclaimed!  Mrs. Fensom was sitting on the examining table, 
wearing only panties!  She was only in for a recheck and it certainly 
wasn't necessary for her to *strip down*!  Rose glanced at me and 
our eyes met.  Her face didn't reveal a thing, but I know her look was 
telling me *here is your example*.

It's strange.  I deal with totally nude men and women all the time, 
but trying to go through with testing Mrs. Fensom made me feel like 
I was back in training.  Rose and me standing there, Mrs. Fensom 
wearing a lot less than she should be, and me in there 
unnecessarily...

Nervous or not, I took her arm and wrapped it.  Touching her was 
strange.  Why did Rose choose *her* to do this?  Why not some man?  
Some hunk?  Mrs. Fensom was rather attractive.  She looked at me as 
I did it.  A little nervous, but trusting.  Was Rose attracted to 
women?  Here were Rose and I, tricking this beautiful woman into 
getting undressed right in front of us!  It seemed to take so long, 
pumping the monitor and listening for the heart beat.  I was so close 
to her.

I wrote the numbers on her form and left.  Rose was still there.  I 
went into one of the lavatories and sat down, my heart beating 
almost out of my chest.  It was just so wicked.  Rose showed up in a 
couple of minutes.  She had a big grin on her face.

"I thought you were going to have a heart attack!" she said.  She 
giggled.

"I *can't* believe you *do* that!"  I said.

"It gets rid of the boredom, fast," she answered.  She giggled some 
more, and I couldn't help it--I giggled too.

"What if she's suspicious?"  I asked.

"They almost never do anything about it, even if they have a few 
suspicions.  They can't be *certain*."

"*I* can't believe we're talking like this, Rose!  We can't *do this!*"

"Oh, come off it!  You wanted details, remember?"  I felt guilty and 
didn't say anything more about it.  But she did it *again* the next 
day!  Almost exactly the same thing, with a different woman!  I 
waltzed through my part, and took Rose to task afterward, but she 
only smiled and told me I "did good".  After that, every day or two 
Rose would get me into a room with some patient like that.  Men as 
well as women, and often she had them completely nude.  She loved 
to stand there, talking to me, in front of some nude and embarrassed 
patient, seemingly oblivious to their plight.  She seemed to get the 
cutest guys naked, and a lot of good looking women too.  It got so she 
just gave me a little singling nod and I knew to come in later as if I 
had some sort of business.

Then she gave a guy a rectal exam while I was watching!  I couldn't 
believe her audacity!  I wondered if Lee was going to give him anther.  
The poor man was so embarrassed, leaning over the table with Rose's 
gloved finger right in his rear.  I felt for him.  But I also glanced at 
his cock to see if Rose got any reaction.  I was pretty good at being 
nonchalant, as if this happens every day, and I slipped out in the 
middle of it, and went and found a place to sit.  Despite my ability to 
school my features, inside I was ready to explode.

Another thing Rose liked to do was get patients to undress in one 
room and take them to another in a hospital gown.  She would get 
them in a room without their clothes, and take the gown out of the 
room!  Sometimes she would *forget* to take them back and try and 
get them to ask to be given something to wear.  Once she had a 
woman ready to get dressed and she peeked out of the room and 
talked the woman into dashing across the hall nude since no one was 
around!  She told me about it and then managed to get me a chance to 
spy on a woman doing it.  Then she wanted me to walk around a 
corner as if by accident when she got a patient to do it, but I was 
reluctant, and she never managed to set it up.

Rose gave women breast exams while I watched and also had women 
lie on their backs on the table while she carefully inspected their 
breasts and their vaginas.  She also got me to watch her give 
*women* rectal exams!  She'd have the women nude, no clothes in 
the room, bending over the table, with her finger right in their rears, 
wriggling!  She and I would talk about something completely 
different while she stood there, embarrassing some woman to death!  
She liked to get sex into the conversation somehow--she would 
often tell me about her fictitious sister's troubles with her 
boyfriend.  She liked to hint that the guy was making her sister do 
unspeakable things.  Sometimes she'd say her sister was disgusted 
but found herself getting turned on by the stuff.  She had a way of 
dancing around the subject--there is no doubt she had the women 
guessing that her sister was getting it in the rear.

Once we had this new patient, a woman in her thirties or so, who 
was obviously already pretty high in the corporate ladder.  She was 
dressed in a fantastic suit and she easily let us know that her time 
was valuable and she wasn't there to wait around.  Cindy, our 
receptionist, was scared of her--the woman was also very tall and 
blond and quite good looking, all making her more intimidating.  I, 
myself, was hoping to have her done and gone as soon as possible, 
but Rose gave me her look.  I couldn't believe it: she'd risk trying to 
embarrass this she-devil.  She was playing with fire.  But I also 
thought about Rose pulling it off, and the idea of humiliating this 
woman certainly had some attraction.

Rose took the woman into the examining room and I waited a few 
minutes and headed over to slip in.  I seemed to have developed a 
sixth sense as to when to go in.

I was in for a shock.  I'd never seen Rose go this far!  The woman was 
totally nude, and laying face down on the examining table.  She had 
her elbows on the table, holding her shoulders up, but her face was 
hanging straight down, so I'm sure she didn't notice me enter.  But 
Rose had her finger right in the woman's rear.  And the woman had 
her rear lifted up off the table, obviously pushing against Rose's 
finger.  She was breathing hard, and was raising and lowering her 
rear against Rose's finger so it slid in and out a bit.  Rose looked up 
at me with the most evil smile I ever saw.  She wanted me to come 
over and she had another rubber glove.  She wanted me to put it on!

I left.  I found a lavatory, sat down and caught my breath.  What I had 
seen was sex, pure and simple.  But *what sex*!  Did that woman 
really *enjoy* that?  She must have!  And how did Rose know?  After 
a few minutes, when I had recovered, I left.  Rose was still in there 
with the woman.  I was tempted to slip in again--something made 
me want to do it.  But I was also afraid.  In the end, Rose got the 
woman dressed and out and she had *never seen Dr. Lee*!

Later, I was so embarrassed by the whole thing I almost completely 
avoided Rose.  But naturally we ended up working in the same room 
before the day was over and I *had* to say something.

"How could you *do* that?"

"You *liked* that, huh?"

"She... she *knew*..."  I didn't know exactly what I was going to say.  
The woman was obviously into it.

"Listen: why don't you come over to my house tonight.  This is really 
nothing."  I didn't understand what she was talking about, but she 
was very persuasive and convinced me to come over to her house 
about 8PM.

I showed up at her door and she met me still in her uniform!  She 
pulled me in and dragged me down the hall.  I saw two other nurses, 
also in uniform as she dragged me!  She took me to the bathroom and 
handed me a uniform and told me to change!  I was confused by the 
whole thing, but I went along and changed into it.  Fortunately it was 
a pretty good fit.

When I left the bathroom, another nurse that I didn't know told me to 
come with her.  I'd never been in Rose's house before and was 
surprised how large it was.  Her husband must be doing OK.  The 
woman took me by the hand, which seemed a little strange, but I just 
followed.  She took me down a flight of stairs into the basement.

The room looked roughly like a doctor's office!  There was a little 
waiting area and a receptionist, waiting.  She said "hi" to us and the 
nurse drew me past.  Rose and a few other nurses were there.  Rose's 
husband was there too, and he was dressed like a doctor!  I stared.

"Rose, what *is* this?"  I whispered to her.

"Don't worry," she answered, "relax!"  A nurse came from the 
reception area leading a man--holding his hand, actually.  He must 
have been about 22 and was *really* good looking!  I stared.  She 
drew him through a door into what was apparently an examining 
room!  The door shut.

"Come with me," said Rose.  She took me into another examining 
room.  A woman was sitting on the examining table, totally nude 
except for a blindfold over her eyes!  A nurse was in front of her.  
The nurse wasn't wearing any pants!  She had her top completely on, 
but was nude below her waste except for a very skimpy white g-
string and a white pair of heels!  She looked up at us and smiled, and 
Rose kissed her, right on the lips!  Their eyes were locked on each 
other for a few moments, and then the nurse turned back to her 
patient. She told the patient to put her hands behind her neck, which 
the woman did.  Then she started caressing the woman's thighs with 
both hands, slowly.  The woman started breathing hard.  Rose goosed 
the nurse and then pulled me out.  The nurse turned and gave Rose 
another smile as we left.

In the corridor, another nurse, dressed exactly like the nurse we saw 
in the room was leading a woman.  The nurse in a g-string.  The 
woman was in a hospital gown.  As she went by, I realized her hands 
were restrained behind her!  A standard-issue hospital restraint!  
They went into another examining room.

Rose pulled me into another room.  It was empty.  She proceeded to 
pull off her own pants, revealing a g-string!  She asked me if I 
wanted to undress.  I told her no.  Then the door opened, and Dr. Lee 
came in!  He was all business, as usual.  He asked *me* to sit on the 
examining table!  I stared, dumbfounded.  Rose apparently saw my 
confusion and pulled me out of the room.  We went to a dressing 
room and drew aside the curtain.  Cindy, our receptionist was there!  
Dressed in just a hospital gown!  Rose took her hand and led her back 
to the room that Dr. Lee was in.  She shut the door, leaving them 
there.  Rose and I walked back to the reception area.  The 
receptionist called a woman who came forward.  She was not only 
beautiful, but dressed to kill--for the evening.  She was medium 
height, but with an absolutely perfect figure, dark brown hair, and 
was wearing a little black cocktail dress and heals.  She smiled and 
looked at us both.  Rose took her hand and led her back to an 
examining room.  I tagged along.

Once in the room, things happened so fast I was almost dizzy!  Rose 
pushed the woman onto the examining table, making her lean against 
it so her rear was sticking out.  Rose had grabbed a leather strap 
from some where, and in no time, was beating the woman's rear with 
it!  The woman just leaned there and took it, not even looking back!  
Rose didn't stop, but just kept *whipping* the woman!

Suddenly the woman stood up and turned around.  She grabbed Rose 
and pushed her into the same position she had been in, and she 
grabbed the strap at the same time.  Then she just stood there, 
staring at Rose.  Rose didn't look back, but just kept leaning there, 
waiting.  Then the woman put down the strap and in about a second, 
had her own dress unzipped and off!  She was wearing nothing but a 
black g-string and black heels.  She picked up the strap again, but 
didn't do anything with it yet.  I stared.  Then she looked at me.  She 
didn't say anything, but she motioned toward the table next to Rose.  
She wanted me to lean there next to Rose!

I didn't move, just staring at her.  I thought I saw a fleeting smile, 
but it was gone before I was sure.  She put down the strap and 
walked over to me.  She started unbuttoning my top.  Then she *did* 
smile.  She was absolutely radiant when she smiled.  It was so 
strange having a practically-naked woman so close like that.  She 
took my top completely off and then put it on herself, leaving it 
unbuttoned.  Then she reached around and unhooked my bra, and then 
pushed down my pants.

I let her.  She had me completely naked in sixty seconds.  No one had 
said a word.  She drew my hand and pushed me into position right 
next to Rose.  My body was against Rose's.  The woman was behind us.  
I didn't look back.  Then she was at my ear.  "I'm going to whip you 
'til you cry," she whispered.  At the same time, her fingers slid under 
my rear and found my clit.  I almost fell over, coming.
