Archive-name: Bestial/teddysho.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Teddy Takes a Shower (true story)


This is a true story.  It happened just a few weeks ago, so I hope you can
understand why I choose to remain anonymous.

		- = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = -

It was mid-afternoon on a boring Sunday.  With the cool fall weather moving
in I though a nice leisurely hot shower might relax me.  After stripping down
and grabbing my robe to stay warm, I walked into the bathroom and turned on the
hot water to warm up the room a bit.  While I was waiting I heard a scratch at
the door, it was Teddy who must have been feeling lonely left alone in the
livingroom, or perhaps he noticed the warmth of the steam and just wanted to
warm up also.  So I let him in and he curled up on the floor with a big sigh!

I hung my robe on the door hook and stepped into the tub getting under the
stream of water as quickly as possible to warm myself.  Ahhh, it felt nice
and HOT.  After washing my hair and my body I thought to myself that its been 
quite some time since I last washed Teddy, and as long as I'm already wet, and
he's in here...  So I called for Teddy and seconds later his face poked in 
around the shower curtain.  I pulled back the curtain a bit and called again
and in jumped Teddy.  

Re-directing the shower head down onto Teddy and grabbing my bottle of shampoo,
in minutes I had a big, wet, sudsy mess.  Teddy has always been good about 
getting washed, he stands pretty still while I brush him to work in the 
shampoo and then rinse him off.  After Teddy was rinsed off fully, I rinsed 
myself again and shut off the water.  I grabbed a towel and did my best to 
towel Teddy off so he wouldn't drip on the floor, then I briefly dried myself 
and we got out of the shower.  

With my brush in one hand and the hairdryer in the other I worked my way 
around Teddy until I got to his head.  Squating directly in front of Teddy as 
I worked on his ears and head I was startled when a big wet tongue licked my 
inner thigh.  Again he licked, but this time even farther up my thigh.  
Stopping my work I put down the dryer and spread my legs wide open to see just
how hungry he was. Ooh, Teddy's aim was as perfect as always, he always licks 
me like I'm the last drop of honey in the bottom of a jar.  

For 10 minutes Teddy licked me, I must have cum 3 times.  Needing a rest I 
pushed Teddy back and sat upon the floor.  It was then I noticed that Teddy 
wanted more than just licks.  He was fully extended and ready for me.  Far
be it from me to EVER turn down an invitation like that from Teddy.  I got up
and walked over to the edge of the tub which I sat down on, and then leaned back
and slid down enough to support my weight on the small of my back.  Teddy
knows well enough by now what comes next, he jumped right up and started to
move in.  I reached down and felt his large, warm tool and guided it into me.

Teddy started pumping immediately and seconds later I came again.  Then, as
I began to build towards my next orgasm I felt Teddy's knot bumping against
me.  With a deep breath to help relax my muscles, and a push at the right time,
in slid his knot just as Teddy could hold out no longer.  I could feel his hot 
seamen spraying into me, and the feeling of fullness with his knot lodged in 
me caused me to cry out in a massive orgasm, wave after wave of pulsing muscle 
contractions nearly knocked me off the edge of the tub.  Oh God, I wish the 
feeling would never end.  But soon the waves of pleasure subsided, and Teddy 
began to shrink down and wanted to get down.  With a little effort, Teddy was 
soon free and cleaning himself up a bit.  I just sat there, glad that there 
are boring Sunday afternoon.

-- 
