Archive-name: Bestial/teddywat.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Teddy the Watchdog (true story)


Authors Notes:	Originally written & posted in 1990.  Whew!  It's very strange
to look back on this now, almost hard to believe I ever wrote this.  I thought
I'd have it posted again for those of you that have never seen it because I've
written about another experience just recently, that will follow soon.

My thanks go out to Jeff/Carl (are you still out there?) who helped to post
this piece (originally) for me, and helped me to understand my feelings and 
helped me not to fear my "unusual" desire. (Well, enough to be able to discuss
it and write about it, but sorry, I don't think I'll ever be able to not do
this anonymously).  I also want to thank Wolf for offering to repost this and 
post my new piece anonymously.

		- = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = - = -

        The following is a true story, so I hope you'll understand the  reason
I'm posting this anonymously and not using any names or places.

        The  first  time this happened was over a year ago when I was 20.  But
I'll have to start back when I went away to college when I was 18 so that  you
will fully understand.

        In  the  fall  of 1987 I moved away from home to go to a small college
about two hours away from my parents.  The college was  doing it's best to try
and  accommodate  the  increase in incoming freshmen and limited dorm space by
making double rooms into triples.  Well, I've never  been  much  of  a  people
person,  and  not knowing anyone at the college, I had my parents help me find
an off campus apartment for me instead.  I found a great one bedroom apartment
right around the corner from campus, it was cheap, pretty big and they allowed
pets. This last point was important, because my parents didn't want me to live
alone, but I didn't want to have to put up with  anyone  but  myself.   So  my
parent bought me a dog to keep me company and protect me.

        I  had  to laugh when they brought him over to me at the apartment the
day after I moved in.  They said "We'll get you a watchdog so you can take him
with you when you walk around campus at night, and guard the house  while  you
sleep."  and  there  they  stood in my doorway with a little tiny puppy only a
couple of months old.  He was so cute, a little fuzzball.  Some watchdog.

        I named him Teddy because he looked just like a  little  fuzzy  teddy-
bear  and  my mother assured me he'd grow up to be a BIG teddy bear.  He was a
mix between several breeds, OK a mut, but a BIG mut, you  could  tell  by  the
size  of  his paws at that age, and by the energy this little guy had.  Mother
said she was too afraid to get an already grow up watchdog, for fear  that  it
might not be very friendly, and she also said Teddy would get big fast enough.

        Teddy  was a great friend, he was always there to greet me when I came
home after classes, he always kept me company when I was  studying,  and  he'd
snuggle right up next to me at night in bed.  Sometimes I think it was because
of Teddy that I didn't have many friends at college, certainly no  boyfriends,
but  then  again,  I didn't have many in high school either,  so thank God for
Teddy.

        I've always been big into fantasies.  I love to read  SF  and  fantasy
books,  imagining  that  I'm a princess being swept off her feet by a handsome
prince, making love to him for hours in a bed of royal silks and goose down. I
usually  get  pretty hot and bothered while I read stories like that, and they
usually (assuming I'm alone) force me to put down the book, close the  shades,
strip  off  my clothes and pretend I'm right there in the story, and I'm being
make love to.  I've had some pretty wild orgasms that way.

        I remember the first time I did this at my new  apartment  with  Teddy
right  there  by  my side.  He has only been there a week or so, and was still
just a pup, but I remember he kept trying to see what I was doing, lying there
on the bed.  He got up and walked right down between my legs and tried to push
my hands out of the way with his head.  I was really embarrassed  and  I  kept
pushing him away. Finally I was forced to get up and put him in the other room
until I was finished.  For the next few months, I just used to close the  door
before I fantasized.

        Teddy  grew.   Over  the  next semester Teddy grew pretty quickly, and
over that summer, Teddy got to be a very big dog.  We still  don't  know  what
breeds  are  in  Teddy,  but I'd guess some Sheepdog, gives him his height and
fuzzyness, but he's not as wide as a sheepdog, that suggests maybe some German
Shepard, or Doberman or something else tall, but lean.  Who knows, who cares!

        Fall  and  my  Sophomore year rolled around.  I liked the apartment so
much, and it was really the only place around that would take  Teddy,  that  I
has  reserved a place in the building for that school year.  It was good to be
out of my parents place again, to have a little privacy and a place to take my
new  boyfriend.   I  met him during the summer at the beach.  He seemed like a
nice enough guy at the time.  We made love whenever we could find a  place  to
be alone.  He lived at home, and I moved back home for the summer.

        Within  two  weeks  after moving back to school, when I finally had my
apartment back, he dumped me!  Finally we had all the time in  the  world,  no
one  to  bother  us, and he left me.  That hurt.   Looking back on it, I'm not
really sure what hurt more, losing his  company,  or  just  sex.   Anyway,  it
wasn't long before I was back on my bed fantasizing again.

        Then,  one  Saturday  night,  about  two months after the start of the
semester, it happened.  I was reading was of those sappy romance  novels,  not
my  usual  reading, but something to read to help get me in the mood.  There I
was, sprawled out on my bed, stark naked,  working  up  a  pretty  good  sweat
reading  about  this  poor  girl  who  was about to make love to a guy who was
cheating on her big-time.  I was so horney, but I was also pretty mad thinking
about  my  boyfriend  at the same time.  I needed a new man to sweep me off my
feet and make me explode in orgasm.  I was making myself crazy.

        Suddenly, up on my bed jumps Teddy, scared the hell out of me,  but  I
realized I had forgotten to close the door.  I got up and quickly escorted him
to the door which I closed behind him, laid back down  and  suddenly  had  the
most  bizarre  thought  of  my  life.   I laid there getting myself hotter and
hotter, but could not get the thought out of my mind.  I began to  think  that
it  was the thought that was helping to make me so hot and wet.  Finally I got
up, walked to the door and  went  into  the  living  room.   There  was  Teddy
stretched out on the living room floor.  He quickly got up and ran over to me,
as he always does. As I stood there, it was obvious that Teddy could smell  my
heat,  he  kept  nosing me and sniffing.  I really hope people don't think I'm
some kind of sicko or something, but I had thoughts flying through my mind  of
what I could attempt, and it was making me hotter all the time.

        Finally  I  could stand it no more and I sat down on the floor.  Teddy
seemed really excited about all of this because the kept  running  around  me,
nosing  me  and  playfully  growling.  I can't say I had ever really paid much
attention to Teddy's 'parts' before, but I definitely noticed them this  time,
he  was aroused.  My mind was racing, trying to figure out what I should do, I
was shaking with anticipation.  Finally I leaned forward  onto  my  hands  and
spread my knees on the floor, the next thing I felt was a nose, then a big wet
tongue go right across my crotch.  Oh God, I could have  orgasmed  right  then
and  there,  I couldn't believe I was doing that.  I looked back and Teddy was
just humping the air, his nose up in the  air  and  he  was  going  around  in
circles.  He was DEFINITELY aroused.

        I  reached  around  behind myself and snapped my fingers and called to
Teddy.  Again Teddy's tongue lashed across my crotch.  This time I grabbed his
collar  and  pulled  it  forward.   Teddy suddenly leaped up onto my back, his
pelvis still thrusting into the air.  It was at this moment I realized that  I
had  no  shirt  on, and Teddy's nails dug into my back as he stood there above
me.  I became afraid, Teddy kept thrusting into the air just behind me.   What
if  he  hurts me, what if he won't stop.  A sudden wave of panic swept over me
and I started to try to get up.  At that same moment, I felt a stab of pain as
Teddy  struck  my  clit  in a poorly guided attempt to get inside me. The next
thing I knew, teddy struck home.  Oh God, I felt waves of emotions hit me  all
at  once.   Fear,  Pain,  Panic,  ECSTASY,  It  was incredible.  Teddy kept on
thrusting into me, each time he moved in a little closer, so he went a  little
deeper.

        I lost track of everything around me as I had an orgasm like I'd never
had before (and still have never has since). I very  nearly  passed  out,  but
when  it  was  over I can still remember the weirdest problem.  Teddy tried to
back away from me, but I swear it felt like he was stuck.   He  pulled  pretty
hard and nearly pulled me backwards.  I almost panicked, but I just thought to
myself to relax and loosen up my grip on him. He pulled again and  with  still
quite  a bit of resistance, pulled free.  I sat there on the floor practically
freaking out thinking about what had just happened.  I noticed quite a burning
sensation  on  my back, and shoulders.  As I got up to go into the bathroom to
look, Teddy walked around in front of me and gave me a big wet slurp right  on
my face!  I had to laugh.

        It  turned  out that I has gotten scratched up pretty well on my back.
That hurt for several day after.  But I'll tell you, Teddy and I had sex  many
more  times  after  that for the rest of the year,  I learned to wear a winter
coat that I had to protect my back.  It's now my Junior year here  at  college
and  I  finally have a boyfriend, I met him also on the beach last summer, and
so far, we are still together.  I don't think I could ever tell him  about  me
and  Teddy,  he'd  probably  leave me in a second.   So  this brings  me  to a
question, am I sick and perverted?  Am I the only person to do this?  I didn't
really see any harm in it.   I'd like to hear  about anyone elses  experiences
with their pets.

-- 
