_Teddy_
By Justin Cann
	
	
	"My name is Ted.  Theodore Sherrit Mosely Tighlman.  
TSMT.  Teddy.
	"'Yeah, whatever,'  most people might say.  
Yeah.  'A Gold Coastie rookie Senator sitting on his lawn 
next to the pool with his martini reading the Wall Street 
Journal on a late summer afternoon after the return 
commute from Washington.'  Then in that sort of voice 
people put on when they're imitating someone and they 
want you to _know_ it, say, 'Yep! Yep!  Campaign's not 
going so darned well.  Damn Democrats back in office!'
	"I may have gone to boarding school and 
attended Yale, but I've seen some things."
	It was true.  Ted certainly looked like he had 
never even so much as touched someone who wasn't 
Talbot County's unofficial aristocracy or their back-and-
forth relatives from Philadelphia's Mainline.
	I knew differently, of course, and that was 
why I was here to interview him.  On the drive from the 
_Washington Post_ I had been given all the details.  This 
one was a real scoop.  Catching the Congressman with his 
pants down.  
Oldest story in the newspaper of American History.
	History repeats itself.  I had the latest bit of 
the cycle in my briefcase right now.  Pictures of 'Teddy' 
getting it up the ass in a New York loft.  A red haired girl 
administering her strap-on to his anus.  There's more 
where that came from apparently.
	Seems they were taken about twenty years 
ago.  Seems his cousin took them.  Seems she and him are 
in some of the other pictures in some interesting 
Twister-poses.
	So I'd come down here for the reaction piece.  
Quite rare that a Senator in a situation like this will 
give a reaction _before_ the story hits the streets.  Real 
rare.
	"So is that thing rolling?" he asked, gesturing 
toward my tape recorder, which he actually _insisted_ I 
bring.
	"Yes sir.  Has been for a little bit."
	"Teddy.  OK.  If this is going into print, I want 
you to say Teddy in every reference to me after the first.  
That's my only stipulation for giving you guys this 
scoop."
	"Well I guess I can live with that."
	"With a story like this coming up, I guess you 
can.  Would you like a drink before we start."
	"Please."
	"What's your pleasure?"
	I was beginning to feel almost bad about 
bringing this bastard down.  Now let me set you straight.  
I don't care about Teddy's [There I'll do it damn it.  I'll 
call him 'Teddy.'] perversions.  I want to bring him down 
because he's nearly a fascist.  Old money.  Old worn-out 
ideas.  He and his kind are still slave-masters, they just 
work around "that silly ol' amendment."
	"Martini's fine.  Dry please."
	Teddy reached over to the slate counter 
surface next to his lawn chair, pressed an intercom 
button and said, "Miss Kate, might we have another round 
of martinis when you get a chance?"
	Well, at least he's polite about it.
	"So what I want to do, as I'm sure your 
editors must have told you, is to tell the whole story 
myself.  Just fess up.  I'm not ashamed to admit that I'm 
playing the old, 'I'm past that now' excuse."
"Certainly.  Would you prefer me to ask questions or do 
you have something prepared."
	"Well not prepared really.  It's been such a 
sudden development.  I thought I'd just tell the story and 
you could pipe in with a question if something comes up."
	He paused for a moment and glanced out over 
the cove as if searching there for the strength to tell his 
tale.
	"Well, back in P let see I was 17 P 1960, I was 
spending the summer here as usual, and my cousin June 
came down with Aunt Beth for a month.  She was sixteen 
and quite good looking.  She could dance too.  I've always 
liked girls I can dance with.
	"I ended up in charge of making sure she had a 
good time.  At first I didn't want to do it, but that wore 
off in about three days.  I forgot all about my friends and 
just spent the whole time with June.  Yeah, Mom and Aunt 
Beth were just tickled that we were such good pals.  
They wanted me to introduce her to some of my rich 
Coastie friends so that June could snare one and Aunt 
Beth could move down here to be with mom.
	"Well I guess I should tell you that Beth is my 
mom's sister.  Her husband died in World War Two in the 
Pacific two months after he married Beth.  June was born 
seven months later in 1944.  Two months premature.
	"So anyway, June was here and I started 
spending all of my time with her.  We went on rows in 
the cove.  Walks through the woods, even the marsh.  And 
of course we went to the dances.
	"We got drunk together for the first time, 
both of us that summer.  One time I had a fifth of gin and 
we went down to the dockhouse to 'inspect the Snipe for 
the regatta.'  Read: drink our gin.
	"So we were down in the boat house and we 
were both fairly drunk.  I don't remember P and I've never 
asked June if she does P which one of us made the first 
move, but we ended up kissing and fondling each other, 
while lying on the mainsail of the _Mary_Elizabeth_III_.  
That's the ketch down there at the dock.  Named after my 
mom.
	"I remember kissing June passionately as I 
unbuttoned her blouse.  She stroked the crotch of my 
bulging pants as my hands finally encountered her pert 
breasts and firm nipples."
	I couldn't believe that I was getting so 
explicit a story, and by now I noticed that Teddy had a 
gaze that encompassed the entirety of the peaceful cove: 
the ketch, [no doubt the same one kept in perfect shape 
by BNs] the dockhouse, the pier, the water, the shadows 
of the other shore, and the blue heron gliding across the 
cove a few feet off the water.
	Miss Kate was coming down the lawn carrying 
a silver tray.  I coughed Teddy out of his near-reverie and 
noticed that Miss Kate wasn't the ample-of-body-and-
submissive-good-natured black woman I had expected.  
Rather I was confronted with a stiff yet well-mannered 
white woman.  She was wearing a maid costume [if Teddy 
weren't racist he was certainly classist or sexist or 
both] that bordered on revealing.  I couldn't understand 
why she acted so stiffly wearing that outfit.
	"Thank you Miss Kate," he said as he took the 
martinis and handed one to me.
	"Thank you," I repeated.  Miss Kate gave me a 
quite sly glance as she folded the tray up to her chest 
and spun on her heels to return to the house.  Perhaps _I_ 
was the one who was being prejudiced.  She wasn't the 
kindly old black woman I had expected.  Was there a 
reason for this.  Did the senator do the maid?  God, that's 
the _oldest_ story.
	"Well that was about all we did that time," he 
continued when Miss Kate was out of earshot, "We 
remained fairly confused about it for a week or so.  After 
all, one is not supposed to kiss one's cousin, is one?"  He 
asked, somewhat sarcastically and somewhat seriously.
	"About a week later, a similar thing happened.  
We were out for a row, and we were out of the cove there 
around Hackett's point."  He gestured off into the Tred 
Avon.  "We started splashing each other P me using the 
oar and June using her hands.  We got a little carried 
away and ended up capsizing the rowboat.  We were only 
in about five feet of water, so I had no problem righting 
it again and getting back in.  When I went to pull June 
back up though, we slipped.  Actually I hurt my butt quite 
a bit on that gunwale, but I didn't cry out because June's 
lips fell directly on to mine.
	"Mind you I'm not saying that this is like 'one-
of-those-things,' we probably fell like that on purpose; 
subconsciously.  Once again, we began kissing and petting 
each other.  The rowboat drifted to the lee shore as 
slowly on that summer day as I removed the top half of 
June's bathing suit.  By the time we nudged up on the 
sand, her hand was in my pants stroking my penis.  I was 
alternately sucking each nipple.
	"In 1960, that house wasn't there, and there 
were only woods.  After a few more minutes of this I got 
out and helped June out.  I tied the painter to a fallen 
tree and hopped up on to it.  I pulled June up as I stared 
at her naked breasts.  We lay there in the sun on the wide 
fallen oak and explored each others passions.
	"Before long, I reached my hand down her 
bathing suit to feel my first pussy.  I didn't really quite 
know what to do, I confess, but June moved her hand 
down there too and guided mine in the motions.  In this 
way I soon had two fingers in her massaging the walls of 
her vagina, while my thumb made the occasional swipe 
over her clitoris.
	"She took her hand out of the suit and arched 
her back up to take it the rest of the way off.  I resumed 
sucking her nipples while I got more used to arousing her 
pussy.  She reached into my bathing trunks again and 
gripped my seventeen year-old's rock-hard erection and 
began stroking it gently.  After a minute or so of this, I 
stood up and removed my trunks as well.
	"I could barely believe it.  There I was on a 
fallen tree totally naked with my cousin June.  I mean, 
she'd hit me over the head with a toy car when we were 
two and three.  I just gazed at her lying there as I stood 
casting my shadow on her.  Instinct or something took 
over and it no longer mattered that neither of us had done 
this before P it no longer mattered that we were cousins.  
I slowly lay down on top of her, kissing first her breasts 
and then her neck and finally her lips again, as my penis 
slid effortlessly into her well lubricated cunt. "I just 
started slowly thrusting in and out, now nibbling her 
ears.  I remember noticing that it obviously hurt her for a 
moment.  She quickly forgot about the tweak of pain from 
her burst maidenhead and the stretching ache in her 
pussy and quickly experienced an orgasm.  I hear that's 
pretty rare for a girl the first time.
	"Anyway, I continued to fuck her, abandoning 
kissing now in favor of a more forceful rhythm.  I arched 
over top of her as she writhed in her very first, or so she 
told me, orgasm.  I don't believe it.  I reached my own 
soon after, shooting gobs of cum into her.
	"I think back on it now and reckon we were 
damned lucky she never got pregnant that summer.  Maybe 
we're somehow incompatible; sperm-and-egg-wise that 
is.  We carried on like that all summer and finally I had 
to go off to Yale.
	"Yes, I did go early.  I was seventeen until a 
month into my first semester there.  I didn't get laid that 
semester.  At Yale in 1960 you had to know how to get 
laid.  It's very simple, you just had to _know_ it though.  
I didn't find out until later."Anyway, I returned home for 
Christmas to the happy news that June was going to visit 
for a week.
	"When she arrived, I tried to get things going 
again as soon as possible.  In private, she told me that 
she was seeing a guy from Radner.  She also told me that 
Aunt Beth would never approve because he was the son of 
a minor office worker.
	"The important thing was that she had sex 
with him.  She told me about how he fucked her in the ass 
and how she sucked his dick; both things that we didn't 
think of the summer before.
	"So for the first few days she didn't have 
anything to do with me that way.  On New Year's Eve 
though, at about three o' clock in the morning, she crept 
into my bedroom and woke me up.  I had been allowed a 
few drinks by my parents, who had allowed themselves 
and their friends quite a few more, and was therefore 
slow to be roused.
	"When I finally totally opened my eyes, I saw 
June, pulling down my pajamas and going for my cock 
with her mouth.  It instantly stiffened, almost poking her 
in the eye.  It almost would've been funny if I hadn't been 
so scared. "I calmed myself down by rationalizing that 
my parents were, no doubt, plowed while June's tongue 
played with the head of my penis.  I just lay back and 
decided to enjoy the experience; something I always try 
to do.
	"She put her lips around my glans and polished 
it with her tongue, then swallowed more and more until 
she had the whole thing in her mouth.  She began to bob 
her head up and down with her fingers in a ring in front 
of her lips, encircling my cock.  Her teeth gently brushed 
against the top and bottom of my penis every time she 
withdrew it from her mouth.
	"I have never been a quick cum when my dick 
is getting sucked.  Don't know why, but it takes awhile 
that way for me.  The first time was no exception.  She 
must have been getting tired of sucking, but gave it her 
best because she knew it was my first time.  Eventually I 
shot my load in her mouth and it seemed to me that she 
hungrily slurped it all down.
	"I fell back in a daze from the scrunched up 
position my orgasm had thrown me into.  June began 
kissing her way up my stomach and chest, unbuttoning my 
pajamas and her own as she went.
	"We got face to face and kissed like that for a 
while, and she continued moving up, letting me kiss her 
perky breasts.  I felt that she was wearing no pants, just 
a long, unbuttoned flannel pajama top.  She continued to 
move up, and pinning my arms down with her legs, put her 
glistening pussy right in my face.
	"Once again, instinct or something took over, 
and I quickly lashed out with my tongue for her clitoris.  
I licked it with the end of my tongue causing June to 
moan above me.  She quickly came, but I had not had 
enough of this wonderful new ambrosia.  I continued 
licking and probing with my tongue.  I put my tongue as 
far up her undulating cunt as I could while her juices 
flowed out onto my face.
	"Eventually, June could take no more, and 
collapsed in my arms on the bed.  By this time, however, 
my penis was rock-hard again.  Actually, as an eighteen 
year-old, it was fully erect again only minutes after I 
had come.  She began to reach behind her and up to her 
pussy swabbing her plentiful juices over to her asshole.
	"June got on her hands and knees on the bed 
and I knew instantly what to do.  I mounted her from 
behind and quickly thrust my penis into her tight rectum.  
She grunted as my cock first thrust in, so I hesitated for 
a moment, then began my slow thrusts.  I knelt erect and 
held her butt cheeks with my hands and squeezed them 
firmly as I steadily increased the pace.
	"With each thrust, June moaned or grunted or 
sighed.  Finally, I felt the waves of orgasm flow through 
me and into her colon."
	At this point I noticed a British racing green 
BMW pull onto the driveway and kick up a cloud of tan 
dust behind it as it closed the quarter mile or more 
between the road and the house.  Teddy stopped gazing at 
the cove and acknowledged the car, but didn't really 
break his stride.
	"With the last spurt I pulled out of her 
cornhole, rolled her over and started lapping at her pussy 
without hesitation, like a hungry dog eating from a bowl.  
While I was fucking her ass, she'd been moaning, 'Fuck 
me!  Fuck me!' and she started saying it, even yelling a 
bit, while I was gorging the feast of her cunt.  A damn 
good thing my folks were dead to the world.  Damn good 
thing."
	The car pulled up and a middle-aged woman, 
still quite stunning, rolled down the driver's side 
window.  It was certainly an electric window."Hi honey," 
she said, "I guess I'll just unload these groceries my 
self." "Sure you can manage?"  Teddy replied.
	"Absolutely!  Now you just get on with you 
interview, then we'll go sailing."
	I just assumed that she was Mrs. Tighlman.  
Senators rarely apologize.  When they do, they _never_ 
make that mistake again.
	"So anyway," Teddy continued as the BMW 
slowly rolled down the lawn to the dock, "as soon as my 
cock was hard again, which didn't take too long in those 
days, June rolled me over and straddled my penis, while 
licking all of her juices off of my face.
	"She rode me hard for at least a half an hour 
maybe as much as an hour.  There wasn't much jism left 
in my sac.  It took awhile for everything to percolate.  Of 
course June had unnumbered orgasms, but when I finally 
came, it was like an anti-climax.  June just lowered 
herself onto me and we fell asleep. "The next morning 
when I woke up she was gone.  There were many stains on 
the sheets though, so I know that she had really been 
there.  I washed, and went down for breakfast, where my 
parents were recovering from _their_ night.  I was 
handed a cup of coffee and some toast.  Aunt Beth and 
June came down several minutes later, but during their 
breakfast, Aunt Beth got a call from some lawyer.  
Apparently, she had suddenly and unexpectedly inherited 
a small fortune.  June and Aunt Beth left right away, and 
I barely had time to say anything to June.  We did write 
fairly constantly from then on though.  We swore always 
to be lovers no matter who else we loved.
	The woman from the BMW had made two trips 
down the dock carrying four plastic bags, two in each 
hand, full of groceries down to the ketch. 
	"Would you like another martini?"  Teddy 
asked.  I realized that we had both drank them rather 
quickly.
	"No thanks.  Could I have some iced tea or 
water instead?"  I was trying very hard to keep my 
professional cool.  It was a hot and muggy Eastern Shore 
summer afternoon.  I also noticed that his story was 
making me rather horny.
	"Miss Kate,"  he said, pressing the intercom 
button on the counter next to him, "might we have 
another martini for myself and an iced tea for Mr. Czonka 
here?"  To me he said, "Would you like some sugar or 
lemon in that?"
	"Both please."
	"With some sugar and lemon in the tea."  He 
said into the intercom.
	"June came down for the summer, and we 
were lovers as usual.  I even saw her once that spring and 
we made love in a bathroom at her house.  What you're 
here about, I presume, is when I went to New York the 
next winter to see her at her new apartment there.
	"She'd gotten into an art school up in New 
York and it was decided that she would show me around 
the city for a weekend and then we would all return here 
for Christmas that year.  Aunt Beth had already moved 
here that fall.  See, there's her house now across the 
Tred Avon.
	"So I went into New York city thinking I knew 
what to expect.  I got out of my cab that had taken me 
from the subway to her loft.  It was about eleven at night 
on Friday.  I climbed the steel stairs and knocked on the 
door.  Sally ... do you know who I'm talking about?  I 
assume you've seen these pictures."
	I nodded assent.
	"Sally's the red haired girl.  She answered the 
door and said, 'You must be Teddy, June's cousin.  She's 
not here right now, but she told me to have you in to 
wait.  She'll be back in a half an hour.'
	Miss Kate arrived and gave me an iced tea and 
a mischievous grin and gave Teddy his martini and a 
well-rehearsed pant.
	"Thank you, Miss Kate."
	"Thank you."  I echoed.
	"Sally and I exchanged pleasantries until June 
came home.  She showed me her photography equipment 
and some photos she had done P all of nude models.  I 
recognized June in some of the pictures.
	"When June got home, she practically dragged 
me into her bedroom saying, 'Thank God you're here!  I 
haven't had a real dick in my pussy since summer.'
	"I found myself wondering why she hadn't 
been able to get laid here in New York city, but I forgot 
as quickly as she disrobed and fell to her knees in front 
of me.  In the same motion, she closed the door to her 
bedroom.
	"She undid the button of my pants with her 
teeth and likewise unfastened the zipper.  She tugged the 
elastic band of my underpants with her teeth P tugged it 
aside so that my erection popped out.  She pulled my 
pants and underpants down with her hands, clawing down 
my buttocks and thighs as she went, while she engulfed 
my penis whole into her mouth.
	"She sucked very violently and swallowed my 
dick without gagging.  The last inch of my cock was 
literally going in and out of her throat as she moved her 
head back and forth over my dick.  I leaned back against 
the door as I became a bit weak in the knees because of 
my cousin's furious dick sucking.
	"I was a little surprised as she reached her 
left hand around and tickled my anus.  She brought that 
hand back and formed a ring around my penis with it like 
she had a year before.  When her index finger and thumb 
were quite wet with her saliva, she reached her hand 
around again to my butt.
	"My anus was almost sweating with 
anticipation, as she quickly thrust her finger up my 
cornhole.  She began to work it in and out to the same 
rhythm that she devoured my dick.  I was so delirious, I 
didn't even notice her inserting her middle finger as well.  
It wasn't until after I came a few moments later, 
shooting great wads of jism built up in anticipation 
directly down her throat, that I noticed the second 
finger.
	"'Wow!' was pretty much all I could say, as I 
finally crumpled to the floor and into my cousin's arms.  
After I caught my breath I remembered about June saying 
that she hadn't had any dick since the summer.  I asked 
her about this.
	"'Well, you see I've been doing Sally and Vicky.  
You must not have met Vicky yet, she's probably out.'  
While she was saying this, she was sitting cross legged 
and undoing her blouse wistfully.  'What do you think of 
Sally?' she asked me after a pause.
	"I told June that I thought Sally was a nice 
enough girl and that her pictures were really well done P 
especially the pictures of her.  I was still somewhat 
stunned by learning that my cousin was having sex with 
other women.  Even though I was in college at Yale, at the 
end of 1961 I still had yet to hear the word 'lesbian'.
	"She sensed my confusion and playfully 
stroked my limp penis bringing it back to attention.  
After a moment, she stood up, and held out her hand to 
me.  I took it and she hauled me up.
	"'Now for some _real_ fun!' she said as she 
completely doffed her blouse, fully revealing her 
creamy-fleshed pert tits.  She kicked off her shoes and 
stepped out of her skirt as I finished removing my own 
clothing.  She bent over at the corner of the foot of her 
bed.  I placed my hand on her buttcheek and moved it 
quickly to her cunt.  I found it juiced up and obviously 
ready for my cock.  June seemed to be fastening 
something to the bed's leg.  I moved in and holding her 
buttcheeks I started to move my penis in lazy circles 
around her labia.
	"'You silly!' I remember she said, 'Save that 
for a little bit and help me tie the rope to the bed legs.'  I 
stopped, did as I was told and looked next to the leg at 
the head of her bed.  Sure enough, there was a piece of 
cord there.  I tied it to the leg using a quick bowline and 
flopped the end up onto the bed.  In a moment there were 
four strong strings, one at each corner of the bed.
	"'All right, who's first?' she asked me.  I don't 
remember what I said, but I do remember the grin on my 
face.  Maybe I said 'me first,' because June pushed me 
backwards onto the bed.  Despite her slower performance 
a moment ago, which was no doubt intended to show off 
her shapely ass, June could tie knots as fast as I can.  In 
ten seconds, I was tied fast spread-eagled to the bed.
	"She wasted no time in straddling my face, 
facing toward my feet.  I eagerly opened her cunt lips 
with my probing tongue and plunged it as deep as I could.  
June knew what I was doing and put more weight onto my 
face, plunging my tongue even deeper.  She started 
bucking up and down on my face as her juices ran down 
my cheek and neck.  Her bucking increased in intensity as 
her moaning increased in volume.
	"She was panting out things like 'Lick my 
pussy harder, you worthless piece of meat!' and 'Put your 
tongue in me, slave!'  Her gyrations started to go side to 
side across my face and a virtual torrent of her pussy 
juice gushed down my cheeks.  My member was begging 
for attention, but she simply refused to bend down and 
take it in her mouth.
	"Instead, her motions reached a fever pitch 
and she cried out 'O!  I'm coming!  Suck me harder, slave!'  
I did as I was told and launched her into orgasm after 
orgasm.  Finally, during one of her many orgasms, she 
began slapping my cock back and forth.  The violence of 
her blows increased with each successive wave of 
orgasm.
	"I could barely lick her quivering gash 
anymore, but finally I came from the repeated blows to 
my penis, shooting my jism all over my stomach.
	"'Did I tell you you could come?'  She barked 
at me.  'No I didn't.  Now you must be punished.'
	"She raised her body to an erect position, and 
spread her buttcheeks with her hands as she lowered her 
anus to my face.  'Now my butt wants some attention, 
slave.  This will be your penance for coming when I didn't 
give you permission.'
	"I gleefully licked my tongue around the edges 
of her pleated orifice, producing a wonderful reaction in 
my cousin.  'Push your tongue in, slave!'  she barked as 
she wiped up some of the cum getting cold on my belly.  I 
can only assume that she licked it off of her hands.
	"At any rate, I did, once again, as I was told, 
pushing my tongue into her asshole, attempting to ignore 
the taste of her shit.  I could tell that she was playing 
with her pussy and clitoris with one hand, as my tongue 
explored the soft lining of her colon.  Her sphincter began 
to contract and quiver as she neared yet another orgasm.
	"'Yes, slave!  Yes!' she cried out as she rode 
the plateau of the orgasm she had been building herself 
up to.  When it was over, she collapsed forward and lay 
over my crotch.  My tongue, of course, slid out of her 
cornhole.  Within minutes, she was asleep.  I attempted 
to spit out the flavor of her rectum, but could not.  Since 
I was firmly tied, I could not get up to rinse out my 
mouth.  Eventually, I just joined June in her nap.
	At this point the sun had gone down, and the 
poolside lights had come on.  Teddy paused for a long 
moment, looking contemplative.  My tape ran out, and I 
flipped it over.  There was some important stuff already 
on side "A."
	"I bet you weren't expecting anything like 
this?"
	"Frankly, no."  I replied, "Actually, I guess I 
want to tell you that I don't see any reason why this 
should affect your career.  Americans are too hung up on 
sex, I figure.  In France, what a man does outside his 
political career is exactly that: outside.  Unfortunately, 
there's nothing I can do about it."
	"I appreciate your vote of confidence.  Well, I 
think things will work out for me.  I wouldn't worry."
	"Actually, I was rather enjoying your story.  
That is, if you don't mind..." "Certainly.  Maybe some 
people _will_ enjoy this.  Do you think the _Post_ will 
print it?"
	I didn't have the heart to tell him 'no way!'  It 
seemed to me that the idea of getting the whole 
readership of the _Post_ all hot and bothered was the 
point of this whole interview for Teddy.  It seemed like 
the thought of it was arousing him almost as much as 
recalling some of his more mischievous sexual 
experiences.
	"Well, we might cut it a little bit."
	"Good, as long as it sees the light of day.  I 
guess I'll go on."
	"By all means."  I was really feeling bad about 
doing this story now.
	"I was awakened early the next morning, June 
still lying on me, her pussy and asshole right in my face, 
by a hearty slapping sound.  I looked up, and saw a woman 
with long straight black hair wearing a leather teddy.  I 
looked at June's buttcheek and I could see the red 
impression of her hand quickly forming there.
	"'Wake up, slaves!'  This could only be Vicky.  
Actually I recognized her from Sally's nude photographs.  
June jumped up and stood up straight in front of Vicky.  
Vicky placed her hand in June's crotch and felt around.
	"'Seems like this boy satisfied your slutty 
little pussy last night!'  I was already struck with 
Vicky's commanding and insulting voice.  'Untie him 
slave.'
	"I was grateful for this, as the circulation to 
my hands and feet was thoroughly gone.  As soon as June 
untied my hands and feet, I sat up with my legs off the 
bed, rubbing my wrists and ankles.
	"Vicky came over to me and said, 'Has mean 
old June been treating you rough?'  She ran her fingers 
through my hair.  'Well, we'll just have to do something 
to make up for it!'
	"'Slut!' she barked, addressing June, 'Lay on 
your back with your head at the foot of the bed.'  June 
quickly complied.  Vicky stood at the foot of the bed, her 
pussy just inches from my cousin's mouth, and slowly 
entered into a sixty-nine with her.  'Now fuck me from 
behind, Teddy!'  Vicky ordered after licking June's pussy 
for a moment.
	"I figured that June must have told her 
roommates all about me.  I got myself into position 
between Vicky's long, dark-complexioned legs, and held 
her buttocks.
	"June began sucking my penis, instead of 
Vicky's clitoris, but I pulled out of her mouth and entered 
Vicky's cunt, knowing that she would be mad if June did 
not continue the oral ministrations to her clit.  Vicky 
gasped as I entered her, and her head bucked up from 
June's crotch where she had been licking away furiously.  
She quickly resumed her work on June, as I began to 
slowly thrust my cock to the hilt, and remove it to the 
glans, allowing June to lick my shaft.  June's tongue was 
going like wildfire on my dick and Vicky's clitoris.
	"I decided to let June manage Vicky's pussy, 
so I pulled out.  I readjusted my position, and using my 
hand, transferred some of the copious flow from Vicky's 
gash and June's mouth to Vicky's asshole.  I thrust my 
dick into her cornhole very quickly, causing Vicky to 
squeal, and immediately set up a furious rhythm as I 
fucked Vicky's ass.  I was sucked so completely dry in 
the wee hours of that morning, tied to the bed, that I 
knew I would last quite some time.
	"In a few moments, Vicky was reaching 
orgasm after orgasm.  Her body flailed wildly back and 
forth as June and I stepped up the pace on her cunt and 
asshole.  As Vicky's wave of orgasm subsided, I pulled my 
dick out of her sphincter and lowered it down to June's 
waiting mouth.  I could hear Vicky gasping and feel her 
body convulse with each breath.  June quickly accepted 
the full length of my rod, covered with Vicky's grease.  
As Vicky regained her breath, she began putting her lips 
and tongue to use on June's, no doubt, twitching pussy, 
speedily pushing her off the cliff of orgasm.  My cousin's 
tongue working around my shaft, actually _trying_ to 
lick Vicky's taste off my dick, began to bring on my own 
orgasm.
	"As I started shooting gobs down June's 
throat, she reached her own orgasm, swallowing my cock 
deeper than she ever had before.  My jism was being 
pumped almost directly into her stomach.
	"In the moments after June and I came we 
both seemed frozen, my dick literally crammed into her 
mouth.  Vicky was the only thing in the room that seemed 
to be moving as she slowed the pace of her furious 
tongue-lashing. "When I finally pulled out of June's 
throat, Vicky knelt up and rolled off the bed saying the 
most astonishing thing: 'Looks like were going to have a 
fun weekend.'
	"With this, she left the room, still wearing 
her leather teddy.  June and I cuddled for a half an hour or 
so, gently stoking each other's bodies and calmly kissing.  
Eventually, June said that she was hungry.  She just got 
up and walked out of the room.  I followed her, figuring, 
'What the hell?'
	"Sure enough, out in the main room of the 
loft, next to the stove, was Vicky cooking some eggs.  
She had obviously taken a shower and reapplied her 
makeup.  She was, however, completely naked.
	There was also a table, with four place 
settings and glasses of orange juice.  June and I sat, 
completely naked, at the breakfast table.
	"'So,' Vicky said to me, 'you like fucking girls 
up the ass?'
	"She put one of the eggs on a plate and gave it 
to me.
	"'Can you take your own medicine?'
	"I almost spit out the orange juice I was 
drinking.  I sure did like fucking girls up the ass, but the 
idea of getting fucked up the ass myself, why, it had just 
never occurred to me.
	"Anyway, Vicky gave me this look, like she 
knew that she could control me, and then put her and 
Sally's eggs on the table.  She yelled out to Sally to tell 
her that breakfast was on.  Sally came out of the shower 
and dried off and sat down.  I almost couldn't eat 
breakfast, sitting there with three naked women, one of 
which was my beloved cousin.  I just had to keep telling 
myself, 'Eat!  You'll need the strength!'
	"We ate and June and I went shopping.  We 
bought gifts for our relatives, and were back at the loft 
by six.  When we returned, Vicky was on all fours on the 
floor, with Sally eating out her pussy, also on all fours 
behind her.  Vicky stood up, leaving Sally on her hands 
and knees, groping for Vicky's dark haired bush.  She 
slapped Sally's ass smartly and Sally crawled off to her 
room.
	"June and I dropped our packages next to the 
door and quickly disrobed.  I was already quite obviously 
excited and I'm sure that June's pussy must have been 
wettening as we stood there in anticipation.  Vicky 
finally broke it with one of her hastily barked orders.
	"'Suck his dick like you did last night!'  I 
wondered briefly if she had been watching us.  She had.  I 
asked about it later.
	"Anyway, June went down on my member as 
hungrily as she had the night before.  Before long, she 
was taking it into her throat.  As I leaned against the 
door, I heard the distinct 'click' of a camera shutter.  
Sally had returned from her room with a 35 millimeter 
camera.  She began snapping off several shots per minute 
as I relaxed and enjoyed my cousin's furious blowjob.
	"As my penis plunged repeatedly into June's 
mouth, Vicky walked up and stroked my face with her 
hand.  I licked her fingers submissively just before she 
grabbed a fistful of my hair and forced my head down.  
This momentarily disrupted the heavenly blowjob I was 
getting, but not for long, because Vicky guided my head 
to June's crotch.
	"There, right in front of the door, June and I 
were engaged in a fast paced sixty nine with me on top.  
As I began eating her pussy out like a starved man eating 
pie, June once again swallowed my penis to the hilt.  She 
just kept her mouth open while my bucking hips did the 
rest.  I was fucking her throat the way you fuck a vagina.  
Sally's camera continued clicking from all around us as 
the red haired girl explored every camera angle.
	"I noticed that Vicky had left, though I no 
longer cared about anything but humping June's mouth and 
lashing her pussy with my tongue.  June's hips were 
bucking as hard as mine, and she was obviously lost in 
the throes of rolling orgasms.  When June's quaking 
slowed to a more normal rate, I pulled out of her throat, 
thinking that my unusual problem with oral sex might be 
more than she could handle using such an extreme 
method.
	"She would have none of this.  She latched her 
arms around my buttocks and took my dick into her throat 
once again, this time using her arms to guide my pelvic 
thrusts into her esophagus.  I was nearing my own 
orgasm and began to neglect June's sopping gash.  I did 
however insert two fingers in her anus and began moving 
them about.  Sally moved down between June's legs so 
that her camera could record my fingers' probings.
	"Finally as I was about to cum, I pulled out of 
June's mouth again.  She lashed the end of my dick with 
her tongue, which was all it took.  I shot my load all over 
June's face, and pulled my fingers out of her asshole.  I 
heard one more click from Sally's camera behind me, then 
slurping and kissing sounds.
	"I was collapsed on June and wasn't planning 
on moving for a bit.  Vicky returned from her room, 
bearing some sort of dildo.  I didn't get a very good look 
at it.  Sally moved up from June's face to my rectum, 
apparently finished lapping up all my jism there.  Vicky 
went behind me as Sally's tongue tentatively probed the 
outside of my nether eye.
	"I could feel June gasping for breath beneath 
me as Sally's tongue pushed into my anus.  I knew I hadn't 
wiped very well when I had gone to the bathroom at some 
department store while shopping, yet Sally was soon 
probing and licking the inside of my colon with wild 
abandon.  June, obviously regaining her breath, touched 
her tongue to my scrotum, causing it to tighten along 
with my sphincter around Sally's tongue.  I took this as a 
signal to get up on all fours to let June out.
	"Sally's tongue didn't stop the whole time I 
was getting on my hands and knees.  As soon as I was in 
position, Vicky knelt beside my face and licked around 
my ear.  She was holding the camera and I was shivering 
from the delicate touch of her tongue to my ear canal.  
She whispered, 'Time to see if you can take what you so 
love to dish out.'
	"At this, my sphincter tightened again in 
surprise, but this time Sally's tongue was gone.  I soon 
felt her hands working my back, and the cold, dull feeling 
of a dildo being nudged between my ass cheeks.  She gave 
a sharp thrust and it slid into my anus.  I attempted to 
hold back a grunt as the dildo filled me up.  It was 
certainly far larger than the average penis.  Thankfully, 
it seemed to be lubricated with more than just Sally's 
saliva.
	"As Sally began pumping my asshole, and 
Vicky began shooting off pictures, I reached back to 
Sally's thighs and felt the straps there holding the dildo 
in place.  The dull fleshy slapping sounds that her thighs 
and my buttcheeks made got progressively louder as she 
stepped up the pace to an almost maniacal driving.  Sally 
began emitting little squeals as she combined the 
strength of her arms and pelvis to pound my cornhole.  As 
for myself, I could not help but grunt with each thrust.  
Sally reached her hand around to my penis, now quite 
hard again, and gave it many hard flicks with her index 
finger.  She ceased this a moment later to dig her 
fingernails into my back and buttocks as she reached an 
orgasm.
	"By this time I was no longer thinking at all, 
just doing or in this case, being done.  As she pulled the 
dildo out of my ass, I felt strangely satisfied, yet 
continued in my zombie-like state to seek sexual 
gratification, and to give it to others.  I got up on my 
knees and turned around to see Sally there, still kneeling 
erect, her dildo jutting out unnaturally from her hips.
	"I turned around, and still kneeling, began 
kissing Sally.  Her dildo prodded my own prodding 
equipment as I pulled her close to me and began kneading 
her breasts.  I lowered my head to her nipples and bit 
them sharply in turn, driving her absolutely wild.  I was 
so far gone, I had no idea what June and Vicky were up to.  
I just continued moving my head down until I was on 
hands and knees again, this time staring at Sally's shit 
covered strap-on.  Without any thought, only desire, I 
took the dildo into my mouth and began sucking on it.  I 
made sure to wiggle it a good deal, figuring that's how 
the dildo stimulated her.  It seemed to work.
	"Just as my manipulation of the dildo with my 
mouth seemed to be bringing Sally to yet another 
orgasms, I felt two fingers enter my flaccid sphincter 
and another hand encircle my penis.  Both hands began 
stroking and wiggling.  Sally came, screaming, 'Suck my 
dick!  Suck my dick harder!'
	"When her orgasm receded like a wave on the 
beach, I turned around to see June plugging up my shit-
hole and rubbing my throbbing dick.  I turned around, 
forcing her to abandon her probing and rubbing, but began 
sucking her nipples and kissing her about the face.  She 
did much the same, and we groped for each other's 
genitalia.  Soon I was rubbing her clitoris between my 
thumb and forefinger and she was tickling my shaft with 
her nails.  I was still so swept up in my hormones that I 
had no idea what was going on other than this.  I never 
noticed Sally and Vicky trading the strap-on for the 
camera.
	"Vicky came up behind June, and hoisted her 
up to her feet by her shoulders.  I licked at her pussy, 
which was so nicely presented to me, long enough to see 
Vicky slide the strap-on up my cousin's ass.  June 
exhaled everything in her lungs at that, and grabbing my 
hair, thrust my head into her pussy even farther.  As 
Vicky began pumping, I could feel the massive dildo 
working its way in and out of June's asshole.
	"I began nibbling June's clitoris, driving her 
completely up the wall.  She had let go of my hair, and 
had begun kneading her own nipples.  I stood when this 
orgasm receded, and worked my penis into her absolutely 
gushing pussy.  By this time my dick was so hard it could 
have been a railroad spike.
	"As I worked my penis in and out of my 
cousin's pussy, I was constantly coming up against the 
huge dildo wielded by Vicky.  Vicky and I set up the same 
rhythm so that we were both going in at the same time.  
It seemed like June orgasmed each and every time we 
pushed our way into her.  She was no longer fondling her 
breasts; just holding onto me for support, drooling, and 
moaning very loudly with each orgasm.
	"I shot my load into June's pussy and 
attempted to disengage myself from her grasp.  This 
involved putting her down on her hands and knees.  Vicky 
was still doing her up the ass, and she was still a 
quivering mound of orgasmic flesh.  Her elbows gave out 
quickly and she was on her knees and face.  Sally took a 
pause from taking pictures to lick the last dribble of cum 
and the pussy juices off my penis.
	"Vicky pulled out of June's ass and started to 
insert the dildo into her begging pussy, but not before 
Sally could pry herself away from my flaccid penis and 
capture the moment on film.  Vicky continued to do my 
cousin doggie-style, until June couldn't come anymore.  
Finally Vicky herself came and she dismounted June, who 
fell to the floor panting and gasping for breath.
	"I sat on the sofa while my dick regained its 
erection, watching June just lying there and quivering.  
Sally put down the camera and sat next to me on the sofa.  
Vicky knelt in front of her and parted her legs.  Sally 
leaned back to give Vicky the best view possible.  She 
examined Sally's pussy the way one would examine the 
mouth of a horse before buying it, then plunged her face 
into Sally's furry mound.
	"I stood up and got the camera.  After a 
moment or two I figured it out and began happily 
snapping photos of Vicky's pussy feast.  I also snapped 
one of June, who was still recovering from her 
experience.
	"Sally began writhing with pleasure as 
Vicky's tongue lashed her clitoris and pushed up into her 
vagina.  She grabbed Vicky's hair and began thrusting her 
head into her pussy in time with her own uncontrollable 
pelvic motions.  This went on for some time as Sally 
experienced at least two orgasms, yet the dark 
complexioned Vicky showed no signs of stopping.  My 
hard-on had returned, and I decided to put it to good use.  
I put the camera down and knelt behind Vicky, caressing 
her olive-skinned buttocks for a moment before plunging 
my meat deep inside her greedy pussy.
	"Sally rolled over on the couch, giving Vicky 
prime access to her asshole.  Vicky began lapping her 
anus as furiously with her tongue as she had fucked June 
up the ass just awhile ago.  My thrusts into her pussy 
just made her tongue explore more and more of Sally's 
rectum.  Sally started bucking up and down on her own 
hand as Vicky's tongue plowed her twitching anus.  This 
went on for at least a half an hour.  I saw the clock on 
the wall at some point and regained my sense of time, so 
long ago fucked out of me.
	"During this time, June got up and shot the 
last few pictures on the roll.  She went into Sally's room 
to reload the camera.  She returned instead with a riding 
crop which she immediately applied to my buttocks and 
then Vicky's back and Sally's buttocks in turn.  She kept 
on whacking us with the crop until our butts and backs 
were on fire.  Vicky seemed to totally get off on this.  
She must have had five orgasms in the ten minutes 
before I shot my long anticipated load right into her 
uterus.
	"We all collapsed together at the foot of the 
sofa.  June put the crop down and started taking pictures 
again as we explored every conceivable inch of each 
others bodies until we all fell asleep.
	"We continued on in this vein all night.  June 
and I had to leave on an afternoon train on Sunday.  We 
could barely sit our bottoms were so sore, what with all 
the spankings, ass pluggings, and fucking we'd done that 
weekend.  From that day on, June and I have been lovers.
	"Please don't drag Vicky and Sally into this.  
They've got nothing to do with my senatorial career and 
have already been told that you guys know all about it.  
They won't tell you a thing."
	I looked around realizing how much time had 
gone by.  It was now completely dark out and a big moon 
hung low in the summer sky.  I looked at my tape 
recorder.  Most of the second side was recorded.  I also 
realized that I had not even asked a single question 
related to the scandal.  It wasn't much of a scandal 
anymore, either.
	I mean, how can you have a scandal when the 
person being scandalized freely admits to everything 
you'd pinned on him and then some?  Perhaps Teddy was a 
bit smarter than me or anyone else [who all generally 
thought him rather stupid in a Dan Quayle-like way] had 
ever realized.  He might have defused this entire 
situation before it even hit the headlines.
	Also, I noticed how horny I was.  Teddy, too 
seemed to be rather horny from having to recount this 
juicy story.
	"Well, unless there's anything else specific 
that you want to know ..." 
	"Not really, I think you've covered all the 
bases.  Thank you very much."
	"No, thank you for coming all the way down 
here to Talbot County."
	For this story I wouldn't have missed it for 
all the world.
	"You're welcome.  I must say, professionalism 
aside, you know I hate your guts that way, but I hope this 
all works out for you.  It seems to me like you really 
loved your cousin.  You can have my word that, aside from 
delivering this interview, I will help to stop my paper at 
least from harassing your cousin and her old roommates."
	"Thank you.  You're a man with real feelings.  
That's a rare thing in the newspaper business."
	I didn't know about that last statement, but 
we shook hands over the table.
	"Do you think I could use a bathroom before I 
go?"  I asked.
	"Certainly.  In the sliding glass doors and to 
the left, first door on the right."  He turned and walked 
toward the dock.  It was definitely a wonderful night for 
night sailing.  A cool breeze had picked up once the sun 
went down.
	I walked up to the house, feeling somewhat 
like Lot, afraid to look back.  I slid open the door and slid 
it closed behind me as I entered the air conditioned 
mansion.  Miss Kate was here on her hands and knees, 
wiping up something that had spilled.  Her ass was 
pointing toward me [I vowed not to get into this] and I 
noticed then that she was _not_ wearing any underwear.
	She falsely appeared startled as I entered.
	"I'm just looking for the bathroom, ma'am."
	"Oh, how did the interview go?"
	"It went well."  She stood up and started 
walking toward me.
	"Mr. Tighlman asked that I see to it you get 
anything you want before you leave.  Are you hungry or 
thirsty?"
	"No, I just need to use the bathroom."
	I really did need to use the bathroom, mostly 
to pee.
	"Are you _sure_ you're not hungry?"  She said 
with a cattish voice as she grabbed the end of my tie.
	"Well ..."
	That was all I was able to get out [well... one 
vow down the tubes at least] before our lips came 
together.  I parted them with my tongue and began to 
explore the inside of her mouth.
	"Do you have the pictures with you?"  She 
asked, breaking our kiss.
	"One."
	"Can I see it?"
	"Sure."  I knew it was wrong, [wouldn't you 
though?] but I fished the picture out of my briefcase.  It 
was, I knew now, a picture of Teddy getting it up the ass 
for the first time ever.  I handed it to Kate.
	"Wow!  Mom sure knew how to fuck men.  
Almost wouldn't believe it if I hadn't seen it."
	Mom?  My jaw dropped.  This was the 
infamous photography student's daughter?  If Teddy had 
been doing her, [I couldn't blame him though] he was 
really twisted.
	"'Course she hates men now you know."
	"No, I didn't."
	"Yeah, she got married in '68 and had me in 
'69.  She divorced my stinkin' dad in 1970 after he raped 
her best friend.  Well, I guess you know about Vicky too."
	"Yeah."
	"Vicky and mom live together now.  Please 
don't bother them.  They've been through enough."
	"I already swore to Teddy, er, Mr. Tighlman 
not to."  I intended to keep this promise [at least].  At 
this point I looked out the sliding glass window.
	The _Mary_Elizabeth_III_ was slowly 
coasting out of the cove by the light of the moon.  I had a 
gut feeling that Teddy wasn't coming back. This turned 
out true.  I wondered who the house was going to.  I 
looked at Kate.
	"Who was that on the boat?  Mrs. Tighlman?"
	"No, silly, that was June!"  She flapped my tie 
around wistfully. Of course.  How could I have been so 
stupid.
	I kissed Kate again, and felt up her blouse.  
She wasn't wearing a bra either, just the maid's skirt and 
blouse.  I leaned her back against the pool table.  As I 
massaged Kate's left breast, she disengaged the kiss.
	"I thought that you needed to use the 
bathroom?"
	"Not anymore."  It's always a bitch peeing 
with a hard-on.
	I plopped my briefcase [which for some stupid 
reason I was still holding with my left hand] up onto the 
pool table, freeing my other hand to give to Kate.  Kate 
already had my belt unbuckled and my fly undone.  Her 
hand was reaching into my underpants, to free my 
engorged member from its elastic restraints.
	I stopped long enough to open my briefcase 
and pull out a rubber.  I always keep them there, as I am 
seldom without my briefcase.  Teddy's stories aside, this 
was the '90's.  _I_ was using a condom.  Kate seem 
pleased, both to know that I had protection and to know 
that I intended put it to use.
	She snatched it out of my fingers and opened 
it.
	"Let me!"
	Kate unrolled the rubber onto my penis, which 
was bobbing up and down with my heartbeat.
	As soon as it was on, she resumed her 
position on the edge of the pool table.  I nudged up 
between her legs and thrust my ensheathed prick into her 
well-lubricated snatch.  As I began pumping her eager 
pussy, I also began unbuttoning her blouse with my teeth.  
This was trick I'd learned several years ago and found 
quite useful since.
	When her breasts were revealed, I sucked 
them gently as Kate arched her back, so that her head 
was touching the velvet of the table.  She began to 
exclaim "O!  O!" with each thrust I made into her 
pulsating vagina.  The "O!"s got louder as she obviously 
neared her orgasm.  Our pace had increased to a frantic 
rhythm and I had abandoned sucking Kate's nipples after 
giving each one a little nip.
	I concentrated on nothing but our fucking 
until we both came at the same time.  At this moment, 
[why does it always happen this way?] I realized that I 
_was_ on deadline.  I went to the bathroom to remove the 
condom and take care of my original business.  When I got 
back, I told Kate, who was sitting in a chair in the rec 
room, about my deadline.
	We exchanged phone numbers.
	I went back to D.C.  I finished the article.  It 
wasn't all that big a deal.  
	Like I said, it's hard to have a scandal when 
the scandalized admits to everything you've accused him 
of and more.
	I've been spending a lot of time in Talbot 
County since this summer.  Those Bay Bridge tolls and 
gas have been eating up my meager salary.
	Teddy never did come back.  He and June were 
spotted in South Carolina at a dock on the ICW.  Can't say 
I blame him at all.
	Kate owns the mansion now.  She wants me to 
move in.
