Copyright © 1997,  Drifter,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.





SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS


Drifter's Tedi


                 Tedi  Part - VII

     They drove off and Terri and Tom walked through the house
toward the back door and the tennis court.  Terri had on a light
t-shirt and Tom could tell she had on nothing beneath it.  Her
nice young tits bounced and her nipples were displayed
prominently through it.  Tom smiled to himself as he knew the
outcome of their tennis game.  Terri went out the back door and
bounced down the steps, her brief skirt flying up to reveal thong
panties under it, her cute little ass was completely bare.  She
had borrowed those from her Mom's drawer also.

     Tom caught up with her at the gate to the court and slid his
arm around her waist. She leaned into him as she looked up into
his face inches away. Tom stroked her side lightly for a second
then let his hand slide down on her cute ass as he said,
 
     "Darlin' you know you ought to be careful coming over here
to play with me like this.  I might decide I wanted to play
something other than tennis."

     "Tom, I think I can trust you not to do anything I don't
want you to do."

     Tom squeezed her in a hug and her body met his in a full
body press.  Tom let his hand drop under her brief skirt onto her
trim bare ass.  Her hands were on his chest and she looked up at
him and smiled saying,

     "I really do want you to teach me how Tom."

     Tom pulled her tight against his now hard cock as he said,

     "Your ass feels nice baby,  but tell me what you want me to
teach you."

     "You know what I want Tom," her eyes twinkled, "I want you
to teach me how to fuck.  I want you to be my first."

     "Then we are going the wrong way, shall we go to my
bedroom."

     "Yes, unless you want me to do something for you out here."

     Tom smiled and said,

     "I've wanted to feel your lips around my cock."

     "Hmmm Tom I can do that gladly.  I'm pretty good at that I'm told."

     Tom pulled his rigid cock free and Terri dropped to her
knees and took him deep in her mouth.  Unknown to them
Wayne Dover, his neighbor was enjoying the view from his 
second story bedroom deck.   Later Tom steered her back
 to the house as his hands explored her full young tits and 
her bare ass.  In the bedroom she slowly stripped for him. 
When she stood in only the tiny thong panties Tom asked,

     "Damn those are sexy, when I saw your little ass so bare I
knew I had to have you soon.  Where did you get those baby?"

     As she slid them off she said,

     "I borrowed them from my Mom's drawer.  She wears this kind
of stuff all the time."

     "I bet she looks almost as hot as her daughter in them."

     "Tom she would be happy to pose for you.  My Mom fucks
around a lot.  I have watched her fuck several of the club
members at my house when she thought I was gone.  Dad is always
at work."

     Tom dropped his clothes and said,

     "Right now, I just want to enjoy the daughter."

     He lied and planned on trying the Mom soon too.

     Terri slid into his arms, both of them nude and she said,

     "Tom, I really am a virgin... please fix that for me."

     Tom kissed her slowly, lightly, toying with her lips and
tongue as his hands roamed from her nipples to her wet little
pussy, over her ass, between her ass cheeks on her tiny rosebud.
Terri gasped and her breathing got heavier until she was gasping
for breath and she sighed,

     "Damn Tom, I want you so bad.... please do me."

     Tom pushed her back on the bed and spread her long trim legs
as his mouth found her wet opening.  He kissed and licked and bit
lightly first one labia then the other as his fingers slipped
into her dripping little cunt.  He sucked in her clit briefly and
bit it ever so lightly. Terri stiffened and came moaning loudly. 
Tom didn't slow but ran his tongue from her tiny ass hole through
her love canal to her tingling clit.  He sucked it for a second
then repeated the trip several times.  Terri had his head in her
hands pressing his face into her open cunt. Moaning, 

     "Yes Tom... oh yes..."  over and over.

     His other hand was between her ass cheeks and now as Tom
sucked her swollen clit he slipped a cunt-wetted finger into her
tight ass.  She screamed and came again, shuddering for a full
minute.  Tom licked her wet pussy until she was hunching her cunt
into his face, then he slid higher stopping to suck each nipple. 
Their lips met and he guided the large head of his cock between
her outer lips.   She groaned into his mouth and Tom slowly
pressed forward.  Inch by inch Terri felt her cunt stretched by
his member.  She groaned and growled it felt so good.  Tom rested
briefly to allow her to grow accustomed to his invasion.

     Then Tom pressed and his full 8 inches was inside the sweet
erstwhile virgin. She screamed and shuddered and stiffened and
bucked against him as she had the best orgasm of her short life.
It seemed to go on for a long time as she whimpered and continued
to hunch against his cock.

     Then after a few seconds she smiled and said,

     "Shit Tom that was awesome."

     Tom pulled his still hard cock almost all the way out and
thrust back in all the way.  Terri hugged him close and said,

     "Oh fuck yes Tom,  more please more."

     Much later the two of them lay spent beside each other on
the bed.  Tom was idly playing with her nice young tits as Terri
went on,

     "Shit, that was the greatest.  No wonder Mom fucks a lot. 
When can we do it again?  I can't believe how good your finger
felt in my ass.  Boy can you eat pussy Tom.  My boy friend needs
lessons from you."

     Tom smiled feeling like a mixture of Superman and Dirty Old
Man.  Then Terri got this mischievous look on her face and she
turned and dropped her mouth over the head of Tom's limp cock.
Tom responded instantly and Terri was bobbing her head up and
down his rigid cock.  Tom thought how good she was at this, lots
of practice.  She stopped briefly and said,

     "Please cum in my mouth Tom... I love that."

     Tom was only too happy to accommodate  his new young friend
and lover.

                         *******

     Tedi had left the house just before they expected Terri to arrive.  As
she drove toward the shopping mall to pick up a new outfit, with a 
particularly slutty look for that night with Terri, her car sputtered,
caught again briefly and sputtered one more time.  Tedi saw a garage
just ahead and pulled into the drive thankfully.  She had to drive
around behind the place before she found anyone.  Once there she
saw this big hunk of a man laying under a car in the garage.  As
she looked around she thought she ought to just drive on to get
help.  The place was greasy and grimy.  It looked like it hadn't
been cleaned ever.  But just then her car died.  She tried to
start it but nothing.  Finally she got out and walked over to
where the mechanic was working.

     That morning Tedi felt pretty wild and horny and decided to
let it all go.  She had showered, trimmed her pussy and slipped
on a very brief mini-skirt and a loose halter top.  No bra no
panties. A pair of sandals and she stood and looked in the
mirror.  She looked hot, her nipples clearly outlined, her large
breasts fighting to get free.  Her skirt just barely covered her
cunt.

     As she bounced toward her car that morning she wondered not
if she was going to get fucked but by whom and how many.  Now as
she walked up to the car with the mechanic under it she was a
little unsure of her dress and this place.  She called to the guy
and before she could move he rolled out from under the car and
bumped into her feet.  Now he lay looking up at Tedi and he had a
clear view of her freshly trimmed pussy.  He just lay there and
stared.  Tedi watched him as she knew what he was looking at. 
She ran her eyes over him.  He was young, 27-28, big, cute if you
looked through the oil and grease all over him.  Then she noticed
his cock growing as she stared at it.  It looked huge.... and
Tedi started to smile to herself.

     She spread her legs to about shoulder width, knowing how
this would open her up.  Then she said,

     "Excuse me, my car stopped.  It just sputtered and stopped. 
Can you help me?"

     He didn't say a word but she saw him move his hand and then
she felt it on her bare inner thigh.  She felt the slickness of
the oil that coated his hand.  He stroked up and down her thigh,
higher each time.  When Tedi didn't object his hand touched her
cunt lightly, gently as he ran a finger up and back in her
swelling labia.  She found this incredibly sexy.  She had no idea
who he was, he hadn't said a word.

     Then she felt his finger slip inside her wet cunt.  He lay
there and finger fucked her for a few seconds and rubbed his
thumb over her tingling clit.  Her knees were getting weak.  She
looked around for a spot that wasn't slick with oil.  Non was to
be had.  Then she felt another finger slip easily up her tight
ass hole.  She gasped and had a small orgasm.  Just then out of
the corner of her eye she noticed him unzipping his coveralls and
pulling a monster cock out.  It was reasonably long but what
appealed to her was how big around and fat it was.  Her eyes
opened wide as she stared at it.  She undid her halter top and
threw it in the general direction of her car, then her skirt. 
Now standing in a public place just inside this grimy garage she
stood completely nude.  She eased down on top of the mechanic. 
Her body lay on top of him and she again felt grease and oil on
her body.  She straddled his cock and caught it in her hand and
guided it into her ready cunt.  She wanted this guy to fuck her
so bad she hurt.  She didn't care who watched.

     Soon she was bouncing up and down on his fat pole.  It
stretched her something fierce but she loved it.  Then he rolled
her over so he was on top between her legs.  The oil soaked her
back and ass and she started to love the slippery feeling.  He
was stroking into her hard.  Each time he hit bottom she felt her
ass slide a couple of inches through the grease.   The concrete
floor was smooth if filthy.  It didn't hurt as she slid across
the floor, quite the opposite.  Tedi was really getting into the
grime of it.  She had already cum a couple of times, now he
pulled out of her and flipped her over on her knees with her ass
high in the air and her tits in a pool of motor oil on the floor. 
He quickly reentered her cunt with his huge cock and Tedi
screamed with pleasure and had a bone chilling orgasm, one of
those that never seemed to quit.  With her squeezing down on his
cock with her cunt he shot his thick creamy cum deep inside her. 
It seemed to never stop.  It filled her and ran out to mix with
the oil, grease and dirt that already coated her body.
     
     In a few moments she felt his cock slip out of her and she
got shakily to her feet.  She smiled down at him and said,

     "You certainly fixed that, now can you fix my car?"

     He stood up and put his cock away and looked over at her car
and said,

     "A fuel filter, that model is terrible about clogging fuel
filters.  Take me about 15 minutes.  There is a shower over there
you can use but I want a picture first."

     He wiped his hands carefully and picked up a polaroid from
his work bench.  Tedi posed sexily and he snapped off five from
different angles.  He looked at them and handed one to Tedi,

     "A keep sake for you."

     Tedi looked at in she was a greasy mess from head to foot. 
The most interesting part were two large hand prints on each of
her big tits.  Clearly where a greasy hand had cupped them.  She
walked over and dropped it in her car, picked up her clothes and
headed toward the shower.  

     As she rinsed the last of the grime off of her she sort of
regretted it.  The slime had added a certain touch.  She had to
remember how she got here. A repeat was in order.  As she toweled
herself dry and dressed she heard her car roar into life.  He was 
good at lots of things.

               end Teddi 7

more to come