Copyright © 1997,  Drifter,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.





SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS


Drifter's Tedi


                    Tedi Part-I

     Tedi and Tom had been together as a couple since early high
school.  They had tried just about everything together as they
had grown up.  In her sophomore year Tedi had developed into a
strikingly sexy young lady with this fabulous body. All at the
tender age of 15,  her body suddenly went from tom-boy to
playmate.  Ever guy in school lusted after her body, including a
lot of the teachers.  She and Tom had started dating as soon as
her folks would allow it and he had been the only guy she had
ever dated.  She let Tom take her cherry their Junior year in
High School.  Things had been building up to that night slowly
before that.  Tedi had loved every new experience she and Tom
had tried.  The few months before Tedi eagerly gave up her cherry
were filled with sexual things that delightfully woke her up.

     The night Tom had introduced her to oral sex had taken
things beyond the point of no return.  That night, parking at the
lake, she and Tom had stripped completely nude as usual, and they
had played a lot of petting games.  After a few minutes of
teasing Tom went down on her.  As Tom's tongue found her erect
little clit, Tedi exploded into a new world.  That first time Tom
ate her she came and came and came, as never before in her young
life.  Tom had a tough time keeping his tongue in her tight
little cunt and on her much swollen clit as she bucked and
hunched involuntarily, moaning,

     "Oooooh Ted, ooooh shit yes, EAT ME BABY!"

     Much later when Tedi had collapsed from sheer exhaustion,
she had no idea how many times she had cum for Tom's wonderful 
tongue.  She couldn't forget how, as Tom sucked her clit hard and
slipped a finger up her tight ass hole, she had screamed with new
pleasures and she came harder than she ever dreamed possible. As
she lay there spent, Tom had pulled his two fingers out of her
ass and she had sighed and said, 

     "Hmmmm,I can't believe what you just did to me......  but
you can do it again anytime you want to.  I had no idea that my
pussy could feel that good.  I love what you did with your tongue
honey.  My ass was so sensitive, I loved your finger up it almost
as much as your tongue in my pussy.  I think I came 10 or 12
times my wonderful fucking lover.  How can I thank you"?

     That was when Tom introduced her to sucking cock.  To say
Tedi took to it and was a natural would be a terrible under
statement. She loved the feel of his hard cock in her mouth and
she loved the taste of his fluids, and she loved the way Tom
reacted fucking her mouth wildly.   She did for Tom what he had
done for her including finger fucking his ass hole as she took
his hard cock deep in her throat.  When he flooded her mouth with
his cum finally, she swallowed it eagerly and loved that too.
Later as they cuddled and slowly recuperated she had said, 

     "Hmmm Tom I loved what we did tonight.  I loved sucking your
big cock. I think you will have to let me suck you off a lot.  I
loved your cum even.  Why haven't we done all this before"?

     Tom smiled and cupped her big tits in his hands.  She sighed
with pleasure as he squeezed them and toyed with her hard little
nipples, saying 

     "Tom I love the way you play with my tits.  I can almost cum
just from your playing with my nipples.  Damn baby I
think I am absolutely ape over sex.  I love everything."

     She caught his half hard cock in her hands and stroked it to
full hardness and then said, 

     "Soon you will fuck me with this wonderful cock.......   in
my cunt.....  and my ass just like I read about but right now I
want to suck you off again."  

     And she dropped her mouth to his cock.  

     After that night things were fantastic for both of them. 
They managed to have oral sex almost daily, sometimes several
times in one day.  The more Tedi had her pussy eaten and the more
she sucked Tom's cock the more she wanted it.  She also had this
thing for anal play.  She loved it when Tom finger fucked her ass
and she loved to do the same to him.  He admitted he loved the
feeling of her fingers up his ass while she sucked his cock.

     Tedi started going down on Tom as they drove around town. 
Of course Tom loved it and joked with Tedi about someone seeing
her suck his cock as they drove around.  Tedi raised her mouth up
off his cock and said, 

     "That would be hot.  How could that happen?"

     Tom told her that truckers, up so high up, would have
a good view.  That started a new kick for them both and soon Tom
would drive up beside truckers while Tedi sucked his cock openly.
Truckers would honk or roll their windows down and encourage
Tedi, usually offering her another cock to practice on when she
finished Tom.  That idea intrigued her too but she didn't mention
that to Tom.

     After these events Tom would drive to the lake and eat
Tedi's pussy for an hour or so until she could cum no more.  Then
one night as Tom ate her sweet pussy and fingered her ass she
came strongly but this time stopped him after her first orgasm.
She sat up and caught his hard cock and said, 

     "I want this in my ass baby.  I want something bigger than
your fingers.  I have thought of you fucking my ass for weeks now
and I want it tonight."  

     Tom smiled and helped her shift position onto her hands and
knees. He used her wet pussy juice to lubricate her ass and his
hard throbbing cock.  He started the tip of his huge cock into
her partially open ass hole.  She moaned with pleasure and after
resting between each inch she encouraged him to give her more,
and more of his long cock.   Soon he was stroking in and out of
her cute ass rapidly as she chanted, 

     "Yes baby fuck my ass, oh do it me baby."

     Later after Tom had cum in her hot ass his cock shriveled
and dropped free.  Tedi groaned and said, 

     "Hmmm Tom, that is another thing I want regularly.  I loved
it. I am sorry I don't have a cock to fuck your ass with.  You
would love it too I know.  It really felt great."

     One weekend her folks had gone out of town and left Tedi
home alone.  As soon as school was out that Friday Tom and Tedi
were bare ass in Tedi's bedroom.  For the next several hours they
ate each other, and Tom fucked Tedi's tight ass hole.  Then later
after resting and talking about all they loved about sex, Tedi
said, 

     "I have a new surprise for you tonight."  

     She dropped her mouth to his cock and soon he had another
raging hard on.  Tedi raised up and straddled Tom and slowly
began to ease her hot wet cunt down on his hard cock. Tom moaned
as he took his ladies cherry as her tight sheath accepted his
huge cock.  She loved every nuance of that too.  His cock sunk to
the hilt and Tedi came immediately.  It wasn't long until Tom
grunted, 

     "Tedi I'm gonia cum."  

     Tedi moaned, 

     "Yes, do it, cum in my hot pussy Tom.  I want to feel
you spurt in my cunt the way you spurt in my mouth and my ass."

     Later that night Tedi pulled her cock shaped vibrator from
under her mattress and as she sucked Tom's cock again, she slowly
worked her vibrator up his ass.  Tom's cock grew immediately in
her mouth as she shoved the vibrator all the way up his ass.  Tom
gasped and moaned, 

     "Oh... shit ....that is so good..."  

     And he filled her mouth one more time with his cum.

Somehow they made it through college, without Tedi becoming
pregnant.  They got an apartment together and they studied and
fucked a great deal and both graduated with honors.  The night
before they were to graduate Tom had just pulled his limp used
cock out of her ass hole after she had collapsed from her wild
climax.  He turned her around and kissed her and said, 

     "Tedi, it is time for us to get married."   

     Tedi just smiled.   At the end of the summer they were wed,
Tom had accepted a great job in a nearby city and soon they were
on their way to their new home.  As they drove down the highway
Tedi smiled at him with this twinkle in her eye and said, 

     "Find a semi honey". 

     Tom smiled back and as Tedi unzipped his fly and dropped her
head to his growing cock. He pulled up beside this trucker so
Tedi could give him their favorite show.
 

               End Part I


Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly
appreciated but be gentle....  where would you like to see this
story go...?

I get regular request to e-mail my stories directly to someone. 
I cannot do that simply as a matter of time and energy and
expense.  
 
     The greatest pleasure is to give pleasure
   
================================================================

The End... for now...
