Copyright © 1997,  Drifter,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.





SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS


Drifter's Tedi


                    Tedi Part-III

     Later, after both of them had gotten off Tedi said into the
phone more calmly, but softly and very sexily, knowing the effect
she was having on her husband.

     "Tom honey.... Carol says Carl loves to watch.......  while
other guys......  fuck her,......  have you ever thought about
watching.......  while another man..... fucks me?"  

     Tom was silent for a moment and Tedi started to worry she
had shocked him when he finally replied, 

     "I have thought about it Tedi....... thought about watching
another guy fuck you.  The idea really turns me on....  a lot. 
It has been one of my favorite fantasies.   How about you?"   

     Tedi sighed loudly and said, 

     "Ohh yeah....Me too,..... I can imagine how hot it would
be..... if I were in our bed..... on my back.....  my legs spread
wide.... as some guy was fucking me...  hard...   I look over at
you..... and watch you watching us.... fuck.  Then later you join
us.... and both of you guys....  fuck me so hard."

     Tom groaned, 

     "Damn Tedi, you are really turning me on again. That is so
hot. I am beginning to believe you really like the idea........
You want it to happen for real don't you?..... You really would
like to fuck other guys?"   

     Tedi moaned softly into the phone, 

     "Hmmmm Tom, I am so horny...., the idea of you and another
guy.... fucking me.... at the same time.... is so hot.  If it
were OK with you..... I think I would love it. ...... Would you
fuck Carol, and maybe some others too?......  Could I watch you
fuck Carol?  Would you really like to watch Carl fuck me?"

     They both were quiet for a few seconds, then Tom said, 

     "I like it all honey.   Maybe we will do it... maybe we
could start with Carol and Carl as soon as I get back.  Tell me
baby, what would you do to Carl if you had him stripped on our
bed right now?"   

     Tedi knew Tom wanted to hear a hot fuck story so she slowly
told him how she would go down on Carl first, taking his big,
hard cock in her mouth, sucking and sliding it deeper and deeper
into her throat until he came in her mouth flooding his hot cum
down her throat.  Then she would sit on his face while he ate her
pussy and made her cum over and over.  Then when he was hard
again she would slowly slide her hot wet cunt down over the head
of his cock taking him all the way into her anxious pussy.  After
she had cum that way but before Carl had cum again she would
raise up and slip his cock over into her ass making him cum then
in her tiny ass hole....   Tedi paused then and after a long
pause said, 

     "Would you like to watch while I do all that to Carl?  Would
you like to watch while I do that to several other guys?  Would
you like to watch while I fuck a stranger?  A young teenager?  
Another woman?"

     Tom groaned in reply, 

     "Yeah my hot little slut, I would love to watch all
of that.  As soon as I get home..... plan on it.... "

     Then Tedi pushed the opening and said softly, 

     "Honey....  I know you are dying of horniness and need to
get laid.... I am sure you could find some hot sexy young thing
out there who would love to fuck you......  you should..... go
for it.  I won't mind, in fact I want you to do it, then you can
tell me all about it when you call.  I would like to hear all
about it......"

     Tom smiled and without hesitation said, 

     "And if something happens there......  I want to hear
all the details too love......"

     As Tedi hung the phone up she smiled, thinking, 

     "I think I will have a lot to tell you soon my dear
husband."  

     And she got up off the bed and walked to the window.  She
looked over at Carl and Carol's house. The lights were still on,
their teen age son's car wasn't in the drive way - he was still
out.  Tedi's cunt itched as she could never remember.  She cupped
her large breasts and toyed with their swollen nipples as she
thought about walking over to visit her neighbors.  She was so
fucking horny.  Then smiling she walked to her closet and slipped
into a thin clinging robe.  As she looked into the mirror she
laughed and said to the image, 

     "You are going to fuck Carl..... and Carol.... tonight."

     Carl opened the door and was delighted to discover Tedi
standing there, in a robe that clung to her trim body, her
nipples clearly outlined for him to enjoy.  He slowly ran his
eyes over Tedi as she stood there enjoying the way he looked at
her.  Then Carl said, 

     "Come in Tedi, I am glad you dropped over."  

     As she entered the room he closed the door and Carol walked
in. When she saw Tedi she smiled and winked at her.   Tedi smiled
and said, 

     "I just talked to Tom and I was so lonely, I hope you two
don't mind a little company."

     Tedi was flushed with passion as she was dying to feel a
cock in her wet cunt.  Then Carol said softly, 

     "I am glad you came over Tedi,... I told Carl about our
conversation this morning.  Carl knows I told you about our open
marriage sweetheart."  

     Then when Tedi said nothing Carol continued, 

     "Carl also knows I told you that he was dying to fuck you." 
     
     Tedi was obviously breathing harder as her breasts rose and
fell.  She still stood there silently. Carl moved over beside her
and slid his arm around her waist, slowly stroking her side.  She
leaned into Carl, her large breast against his chest, and Tedi
said huskily, 

     "I told Tom that the two of you were into swinging..... Tom
told me he wanted to watch Carl fuck me.... that he wanted to
fuck you Carol."

     Carl had cupped one of her large firm breasts.  Tedi
sighed.... Then Carol stepped to her and started to unbutton her
robe.  She kissed Tedi's lips hotly and Tedi returned her kiss
just as eagerly.  Her robe was opened and Carl and Carol enjoyed
the view of Tedi's great sexy nude body as their hands explored
her. Tedi closed her eyes and enjoyed the two pairs of hands on
her horny body.   Then Carl caught her hand and led the three of
them into their bedroom.   They were soon stripped and Tedi was
sucking Carls huge hard cock while Carol ate her pussy.  Shortly
then they shifted and Carl was fucking Tedi dog fashion as she
ate Carol's pussy.  Then Carol sat on Carl's cock as Tedi sat on
his face and he ate her while she and Carol played with each
others tits and kissed passionately.

     Much later the three of them lay in a pile, resting when
Tedi looked up to see Case, their 16 year old son standing in the
doorway taking in the view.  Tedi was too satisfied to move and
she liked the way Case was looking at her body.  Then she was
surprised when Carol said, 

     "Hi darling, are you too fucked out from your date with
Casey or would you like to join us."  

     Tedi watched Case strip quickly as he said, 

     "Are you kidding, I have lusted after Tedi ever since she
moved in here. I was hoping you guys would get her in bed."  

     When he was nude he crawled on top of them and soon was
between Tedi's legs, with Tedi guiding his hard young cock into
her ready cunt.  Tedi moaned, 

     "Yes oh yes, Case fuck me ......"

     Later Tedi watched with unbelievable excitement as Case
fucked his Mother while Carl took Tedi in the ass.  At that
moment she hoped her first child would be a boy.  A very horny
boy.

     The sun was starting to come up when Tedi strolled home,
very satisfied, well at least for the moment.

     That night as planned Case joined Tedi for dinner and the
night. They were in bed, Tedi sucking Case's hard cock when the
phone rang.  It was Tom.  Tedi answered the phone as she
continued to stroke Case's young cock, kissing and sucking on it
as she listened to Tom. Raising her mouth free to respond when
necessary, to return to it as quickly as possible.  Then Tedi
said, 

     "Well did you get fucked my darling?"  

     When he obviously replied affirmatively she smiled widely
saying, 

     "I'm glad honey, tell me all about it."

     Tom began his story about how his bosses secretary had
flirted with him from the beginning.  She was one sexy lady and
the story went she was the boss' mistress even tho she was also
married.  Well after the phone conversation with Tedi the
previous night, Tom had started flirting back with Sharon the
next morning.  Sharon was pleased and since their boss was out of
town they had the office to themselves. Sharon always wore very
brief mini skirts that showed a lot of her great legs and more
whenever she wished.  Tom had seen the sheer blue material of her
panties a lot that day.  He was walking around with a semi hard
cock pushing his pants out.  Sharon had not missed that fact
either.  Then she said, 

     "Tom honey, you have surprised me today the way you seem to
have changed.  You never flirted back with me before.  What
happen?"

     Tom slowly related ALL of the details of his conversation
with Tedi the night before. Sharon smiled broadly as Tom related
the story.  She listened intently to all of the juicier details
about Tom wanting to watch other guys fuck his young wife.  When
he finished she said, 

     "Hmm, that is one hot fucking story.  So you and your wife
are going to swing a bit now.  Far out."  

     Her eyes were locked on Tom's obviously hard cock as she
said, 

     "I can see you are well equipped to please your new partners
Tom.  I am delighted to hear about your change of heart. You see
my husband and I swing too.  I can't seem to ever get enough cock
or he pussy.  I have wanted to get you in bed since you first
joined the firm.  I would like for you to have dinner with us
tonight.  I think I can relieve the strain you are in quite
nicely."

     Tom laughed and said, 

     "I would love to come to dinner but do we have to wait until
then, I am so fucking horny." 

     Sharon shivered liking the crude reference.  She stood up
and raised her skirt slowly, then hooking her fingers into the
tops of her panties she slid them down stepping out of them.  Her
skirt was still up around her waist so Tom had a lovely view as
she said, 

     "Come on Tom, I am always ready for a big hard cock.  I
always love being fucked in the office."  

     And she lay back on the leather couch waiting for him.
Later as she straightened her skirt and make up she said, 

     "That was fucking great,... and great fucking Tom, I want a
lot of that hunk of meat of yours in the future.  You will have
to bring your wife on future trips too.  She would love my John's
big cock.  Oh and another thing, since you and Tedi are going to
be fucking around anyway, our bosses would be most appreciative
if a certain young executives wife balled them.  Possibly
regularly with trips out on the corporate yacht for some hot
weekend orgies with them and some of their friends, they like to
take wives with them while her husband stays ashore, knowing his
wife is going to fuck several of them.  They love that shit."  

     Tom laughed, 

     "It is hot, Tedi would love that".

     Later at Sharon's, Tom and John fucked Sharon every way the
three of them could dream up. Then Tom called Tedi from Sharon's
bed as he rested and Sharon and John had gone into the kitchen to
fix dinner.  Tom told Tedi the detailed story of it all, with
emphasis on Sharon's comment about her fucking the bosses.  Tedi
moaned softly and said, 

     "I like the sound of that, especially the boat part.  Would
they and all their friends fuck me?"  

     Tom replied 

     "Several times I expect".

     Then Tom said, 

     "What are you doing tonight Tedi?"   

     Tedi really surprised him when she answered, 

     "I was sucking this nice big hard cock I have in my hands
when you called my love, like this."

     And she noisily licked and sucked on Case's cock for a few
seconds so Tom could hear it clearly. He also heard a man moan. 
Then Tedi said aloud to Case, 

     "Case honey, would you pleas fuck my ass again, I am so
fucking horny I need your cock." 

     Then into the phone she told Tom all the details of her fun
and games with Carol and Carl and then Case. Stopping every few
minutes to interject comments like, 

     "ohhhh Tom, Case is starting the head of his cock in my ass
hole darling..... hmmmm it feels so good, almost like yours baby"


      And later, 

     "Oh fuck, Tom, his cock is all the way in my ass and he is
playing with my tits and my nipples while he fucks me... ohhhh
fuck it feels so good.  I wish you were here so you could watch
us fuck my sweet husband.  I can hardly wait for you to watch
while another guy fucks me."

     Tom had difficulty talking as he replied, "Yeah, it sounds 
hot. I love you telling me how he is fucking you.  You enjoy it
all Tedi,  right now I need to go fuck Sharon, you got me so hot
again.  I will call you tomorrow night."  

     Tom put the phone down and soon bent Sharon over the table
and fucked her as he told she and John about his call to Tedi.

               End Tedi Part III



Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly
appreciated but be gentle....  where would you like to see this
story go...?

I get regular request to e-mail my stories directly to someone. 
I cannot do that simply as a matter of time and energy and
expense.  
 
     The greatest pleasure is to give pleasure
   
================================================================

The End... for now...

