TEENAGE2

My name's Sandi, and I want to tell you about some of the horny
adventures I've had. This one's about when I left school and got
a job in an office. Unfortunately some of what REALLY happened
is probably a bit too naughty to tell you, so I've had to miss
it out! Still, even without it, I think that you'll find this a
pretty horny story!

When I first left school I got a job as a filing assistant in a
firm nearby. Most of the people there were a bit older than me
and I felt a bit out of place at the beginning, especially as the
boss was a man of about 50 who definitely didn't hold with young
girls going round in tiny skirts and high heels! Fortunately,
about a month after I started, he got a transfer and was replaced
by a younger man who took an instant shine to me!

Part of my job involved putting records into a big filing rack
in an archive room which was separate from the main office. The
shelves went from the floor nearly up to the ceiling and I was
always bending right down or climbing up on steps to put the
files away. I soon noticed that the new boss, who was called
Mike, kept coming into the archive to ask me some question or
another whenever I went in there, and I could feel his eyes on
my fanny whenever I bent over or was up the ladder. What was
worse was that with all the bending and stretching, my little
knickers always seemed to end up riding up into my bum crach, and
I was always finding out that my cunt lips had been peeking out
for all to see for half the morning.

Still, Mike was married, and I was sure that he'd never try
anything on, although after a while I started wondering what he
would be like in bed. Things came to a head when I finished with
my boyfriend so I wasn't even getting my regular shaftings to
keep my tight little pussy feeling wanted. About a week later,
my boss asked some of us to come in on a Saturday to catch up
with the work. Seeing as I now had a lot of time on my hands, I
agreed, and that Saturday I arrived at work, dressed in a nice
short skirt. I went straight into the archive and started to get
on with my work. Sure enough, after half an hour, my knickers had
ridden right up my bum crack. Added to that, it was a blazing hot
day outside, and I was boiling, so off came the knickers, leaving
my cunt open to the cool fresh air.

As I got on with my work, I started to daydream about Mike,
wondering what his cock would feel like inside me, and what it
would be like to be fucked by the boss. Pretty soon, what with
me not having been shafted for a while, I could feel my cunt
juicing up, my little pink lips getting more and more engorged
and a musky aroma wafting up from my snatch. Eventually, I just
had to stop working and give myself a little stroke. I sat down
on a chair, and spread my legs wide before starting to fondle my
labia, tuggling and stroking them until they had become full and
stiff. My clit was throbbing and ripe for some attention so,
holding myself open with one hand, I started to run my fingers
up and down my slit, dipping them into my hole then stroking
their way back up my folds until they found my stiff bud, which
I caressed a bit before working my way down again, pausing
occasionally to push two fingers inside myself. Pretty soon, I
was lost in another world, as my probing fingers stirred my
throbbing cunt to orgasm. Panting furiously, I rubbed at my
sensitive clit, and, biting at my lower lip to stifle the moans
of pleasure, I came, clamping my thighs round my hand as my cunt
pulsated with waves of orgasm.

I waited a few minutes to recover, then carried on with my work.
Even though I had just come, I still didn't feel satisfied, and
I knew that nothing would satiate my lust except the feel of a
real cock thrusting into me. As I was working, I heard someone
come into the room behind me. Thinking it was Mike, I turned
around to see a woman I did not recognise, looking up at me. It
was obvious that she could see up my skirt, and she had a slight
smile on her face as she said "I'm sorry if I surprised you. I'm
looking for Mike, do you know where he is?". I replied "No, sorry
I don't. I can find him for you if you like, though - who should
I say wants him?" "Tell him it's his wife, Alison" she said, "You
must be Sandi, right?" "Yes. How did you know?" I asked. She
replied "Mike talks about you quite a lot." There was something
in her voice as she said that which made me wonder whether there
wasn't more to this situation that I thought. "Shall I go and
find him for you, then?" I asked her, anxious to find out what
was going on. "Oh, no, I wouldn't bother. He's expecting me
anyway, and he'll find me when he comes looking." I offered her
a coffee, and when she accepted, I went out to the machine and
got us a cup each. As I was walking back, I tried to figure out
what was going on - it was almost as if they had some plan which
involved me. I told myself not to be so silly, and went back into
the archive room with the coffees.

When I got there, Alison had her back to me, with one foot up on
the chair: it looked as if she was adjusting her stockings or
something, but I wasn't sure. As she heard me open the door, she
stood up again and turned round. "Why don't you take a break for
a minute" she said, "then you can tell me a bit about yourself.".
Completely forgetting that I wasn't wearing any knickers, I sat
down on a crate opposite her, and took a sip of my coffee. I
nearly spat it out again as I noticed that Alison was not wearing
any knickers either. Her skirt was quite high on her thighs, and
I could see that she had big cunt lips which protruded from her
snatch. She obviously realised what I was looking at, and
misunderstood my surprise for shock. "What's the matter?", she
said, "I often don't wear panties when it's hot - I find them so
unconfortable. I know you aren't wearing any at the moment,
either, are you?". As she said this she was staring intently at
my crotch between my thighs, which were slightly spread. I don't
know what came over me then - suddenly I felt so horny and
uninhibited, I just stood up, undid my skirt and let it fall to
the floor before walking over to her and saying "Yes, mine's so
hot and wet, it really needs some attention. Lick it for me,
please!" She stayed sitting down, and pulled me towards her, then
lowered her face to my bush.

With both hands, she spread me wide, opening up my little snatch
like a flower, exposing my fleshy folds and clitoris. Her thumbs
slid inside me, making me gasp with pleasure, then she started
to lap at me, slowly running her tongue up my slit, seeking out
my erect clit, then pushing her tongue inside me. I could feel
myself start to fall, and it was only her hands firmly gripping
my mound that stopped me toppling over, I was so light-headed
with the pleasure of being licked out. Her head was bobbing up
and down as she licked me out, and she would occasionally grunt
in pleasure as she nuzzled my juicy cunt. Lifting her head, she
said "Oh God, you taste good! It's so long since I've really
enjoyed a juicy cunt!". "What about Mike? What if he catches us?"
I gasped, getting a bit worried. "Oh, I wouldn't worry about
that" she replied, "he won't mind at all." I still couldn't put
my finger on it, but there was definitely something going on, but
I was past caring. "Let me lick you out, Alison", I said. I
hadn't given a woman a good licking for ages, and I was really
looking forward to tonguing this woman's love hole. "Mmmmm, that
WOULD be nice." she murmured, standing up to take off her dress
and bra. When she was completely naked, she lay down on her back
and spread her legs as wide as they would go, exposing a moist
snatch with a tight hole, covered in downy blonde hair.

My mouth was watering as I knelt between her slim thighs and
gently kissed her cunt lips, running my tongue up and down them,
and tantalising her by carefully avoiding her clit. As I licked
her, I could feel her lips get more engorged, and she writhed and
moaned with pleasure. "Lick my clit, Sandi" she begged, "Ohhh,
please, lick me out." Still I continued to tease her, running my
tongue up and down her pussy lips and the inside of her thighs,
and occasionally pushing it into her hole. She was getting more
and more agitated, pumping her hips up and down, trying to thrust
herself into my face to get my tongue on her clit, but I still
kept on teasing her until the love juice was pouring out of her
and she was crying out for me to make her come. She reached
around her thighs and was holding her lips apart before I
relented and started to plunge my tongue in and out of her hole,
and caress her clit gently in between. "Push your finger into me"
she ordered "I want to feel it inside my cunt". I eased two
fingers inside her, and started to slip them in and out of her
juicy cunt, while I carried on licking at her throbbing clit.

All this lust had really got me going now, and I still didn't see
any hope of getting a good dick inside me. I was kneeling there,
licking out Alison's gorgeous cunt and watching her get hornier
and hornier while my cunt, pointing up in the air, was not
getting any attention at all. I could feel the hot juices
dripping from my hole, and my clit throbbed as I became more and
more rampant, then without any warning, I felt a big thick prick
nudge at my entrance then start to slide slowly in, penetrating
me right up to the hilt. Except that this was like no prick I had
ever felt before - it was so thick, it stretched my cunt to the
limit and, from the way it was stimulating the inside of my cunt
hole, it was obviously nice and chunky. I didn't even want to
look round, as it started to thrust in and out of me, stretching
the entrance of my cunt so much that I could feel my lips rubbing
against my clit, making me quiver with the waves of bliss that
spread through me. Although I didn't want to, though, I couldn't
resist looking round to see what was going on, and I was com-
pletely surprised by what I saw, and it wasn't the sight of Mike,
buried up to the hilt in my wet snatch, but the three other men
standing there too, all with their stiff dicks in their hands,
and all jerking off for all they were worth.

I was obviously the centre of attention, as Mike carried on
slowly shafting me for all he was worth, thrusting his huge dick
right into me then pulling it all the way out before plunging it
back in up to the hilt again. My cunt was so wet that I could
hear my juices slurping as his cock slid smoothly in and out of
me. I heard Alison, whose cunt was by now soaking wet and ready
for a good shafting itself from the look of it, call out "Come
on then, boys, what about me? Don't I get to see any of the
action?" There was a bit of a stampede as two of the other guys
rushed over to her. While neither of them was as well equipped
as Mike, they weren't small either, and I watched as Alison
turned over and knelt up, brazenly presenting her rear to one of
them, holding her bum cheeks apart to bare her wet cunt hole. The
guy behind her, holding the base of his shaft to guide it,
slipped his entire length into her. I needn't have worried about
what Mike thought about all this - the sight was obviously making
him more and more excited and his thrusts grew deeper and faster,
his balls banging against me as he fucked my cunt. Meanwhile,
Alison had opened her mouth and taken most of the other guy's
cock into it, and was sucking it like her life depended on it,
while her cunt was receiving the attentions of another bulging
prick.

The third bloke was looking a bit out of it, so I called him
over, "Stand in front of me", I said, "Let me suck you off." He
stood in front of me, with his stiff prick sticking out in front
of him like a flagpole. He moved so that it was in front of my
mouth, and I started to lick his shaft and helmet. He had a nice
loose foreskin, which was covering all but the very tip of his
helmet, and I pushed my tongue inside it and swirled it around
the purple head of his cock, making it twitch and leak a small
drop of come, which I eagerly lapped up. Then I started to get
down to some serious sucking, slowly taking his whole length into
my mouth until his cock head was in the back of my throat. He
started to thrust gently in and out, fucking my mouth. Mike was
still slamming away behind me making the sensations that were
spreading out from my cunt grow stronger and stronger and I knew
that I was about to climax. Suddenly, I felt Mike stiffen and
stop thrusting, then his cock twitched once or twice before
spurting a great rush of come, which splashed into me, followed
by another, then another. Slowly, he pulled out of me, still
pumping his thick come up my eager cunt. As his prick slid out
of me, one last jet shot out over my buttocks, covering them in
his milky sticky come. It was all too much for me, and an my
orgasm rolled over me making me gasp and cry out as the head of
his cock continued to rub against my clit and he thrust the
vibrator in and out of my arse in time with the contractions of
my cunt before finally pulling it out altogether bringing on a
series of smaller climaxes as it slid out of me. I concentrated
on sucking the cock in my mouth, which was tensing up for its own
climax, and as I slid my mouth up and down its length, teasing
the tiny hole in the end with my tongue, he gasped and then I
felt his cock jerk as the first jet of come shot up from his
tight balls and gushed into my mouth. As each spurt came, I
sealed my lips around his shaft to prevent any escaping. As his
prick shrank, I carefully slid it out of my mouth so as to avoid
losing any of his precious spunk. When he had finished, I crawled
over on hands and knees to Alison, who had finished sucking her
guy's cock and was busy gulping down every last drop of his come.
Putting my face over her bum, inches away from the cock which was
still shafting her, I let the come in my mouth dribble out over
her arse cheeks, running down her bum crack, into her slit and
covering the cock which was sliding greasily in and out of her.
Then, cupping the balls of the bloke who was fucking her, I
squeezed them gently, and fingered Alison's clit from underneath.
This was enough to finish them both off, and as Alison's snatch
clenched round the cock inside it, I felt the bloke's balls
contract as he started to pump his come into her.

Pretty soon afterwards, he withdrew from her, his prick followed
by a rush of come. I rolled Alison over onto her back and
straddled her face with my legs so she could lick up the juices
which covered my cunt while I got down and licked her out. As I
slurped up the juices from her cunt which had mingled with her
lover's come, I felt her tongue lapping up her husband's sperm
from my juicy snatch and I squatted even lower so she could get
her tongue right inside me. We must have presented a horny sight,
because I could see out of the corner of my eye that all of the
pricks had stiffened again, and the blokes came over and were
wanking over us as we got on with our all-girl 69. It didn't take
long for them to start shooting their streams of thick come over
us again, and we were soon rolling around on the floor with our
faces buried in each other's cunts, our bodies slippery with the
come that had been sprayed all over us.

After that, my heart wasn't really in my work, so Mike, Alison
and me just got on with enjoying the rest of our Saturday
together! It was then that I discovered that Mike's wife, Alison,
had confessed her taste for young girls some time before and Mike
had thought that I might just fit the bill, so they had set the
whole thing up, "borrowing" a few friends of Mike's as well.