
                                [nc, FfM, preg]

*WARNING!!! THIS STORY IS OF AN ADULT NATURE AND CONTAINS MATERIAL OF A SEXUAL
CONTENT. IF YOU DON'T WISH TO READ SUCH MATERIAL, OR ARE NOT A LEGAL READER,
DON'T PROCEED!!!*

                                  Teen Breeder
                                       by
                                    ucclear
                            <ucclear@inetworld.net>


      "Truth or dare?"

      "Okay, truth." She said.

      "Have you ever let one of the guys touch your breasts?"

      "Mary-Jane! C'mon! You know I let Todd touch me all the time. He even got
his hand into my panties once."

      "NO!"

      "Yes! He just touched my hair though. Did David touch your titties when
you two were going out?"

      "Yes. We were at the movies and he had his whole hand around my breast. I
had to put a stop to it when he got my bra strap off my shoulder though."

      "Why?" She was teasing.

      "C'mon Janie, I don't want to talk about David...that was a long time
ago."

      "It was only a year and a half ago!"

      "I was a child then, Janie."

      "Aaaaah, Haaaa, haaaa..."

      Janie and I were best friends. We were best friends since grade school
when we learned we shared names. A big thrill for little girls. It was
approaching summer. We had only a few months left until we graduated and The
Great Big World was out there waiting for us.

      "What are you going to do after graduation?" Janie asked. She and I had
had this conversation many times. "Oh, I don't know. You're going away to
college, my dad doesn't really want to send me to college. He doesn't listen to
me. I might get a job or something." This topic was really depressing. Janie
and I were stuck (at least, I was) in this conservative little town. She and I
were late bloomers, and weren't terribly popular in school. She turned eighteen
before me, yet we were still inseperable. Janie insisted that I was pretty. I
suppose I was, I'm proud of my body, not an ounce of fat, My titties are little
but the nipples are large and perky. Mamma said that I would fill out much more
when and if I went to college. Janie and I always assumed the mysteries of
womanhood would be revealed to us there. Most other girls our age are more
promiscuous. Not us. Not in this town. We heard the door downstairs slam and
the sound of my daddy's workboots in the kitchen. He was angry again.

      "Doris, get this place cleaned up, we're going to have some company for
dinner!"

      "Company?" I heard my mamma yell from the bedroom. She was a pretty and
wonderful woman. Daddy had met her as a young steelworker, she was the pretty
waitress at the local watering hole. Mamma had dark hair, and an ample chest.
She kept herself clean and pretty as possible almost all the time. Daddy always
joked about her "fat ass" and I hated him for it, but they were my family.

      "Company. It seems the owner of the steelmill Roy Shanks has died, and
left it to his son, Ron. The kid is a snotty bastard."

      "You barely knew Roy. Why does his son, er, the new owner want to have
dinner with us. You're just a foreman..." I could tell by the silent moment
that followed that mamma knew she had slipped again. My dad was an angry man
and hated to be reminded that he was only a foreman after so many years. He had
tried to work his way into a management position but had got out-maneuvered by
some other guy. "Yeah, woman, so you keep reminding me...aw shut up, listen
(where's the damn bottle opener!) His kid is some sort of slicked-up, porsche
drivin' spoiled college brat who's determined to 'make the company better, or
something, or...hell I don't know! Anyway, he's coming over this evening, so I
want this place, and you, and Mary-Jane cleaned up!"

      Ron was indeed a "Porsche-drivin" guy. He parked with one wheel on the
grass. He was wearing a white shirt and tie and looked like a linebacker. He
filled his shirt pretty good. I was pulling on my best sweater. Mom even told
me to wear my good bra. I don't know why, he's not going to look under my
shirt. I told mama this and she lightly tapped my cheek and told me 'mind
yourself missy'. I was looking down at him through my window. He walked pretty
cocky too as he came to the front door. I couldn't help letting my eyes wander
down, to his crotch. I've never told anybody this, but I always wondered if
other girls get really wet. I mean, I get REALLY wet! It was one of the reasons
David and I broke up. I had started my period a few months before, and I was SO
embarassed by the fact I got so gushy just thinking about sex!

      Dinner went okay. Ron was a swarthy guy, about thirty-five. Pretty good
looking for an older guy. Liked to interrupt my dad too. Daddy doesn't like
being interrupted. Daddy didn't like the fact Ron kept running his eyes up and
down my sweater either. Ron asked me: "Have you dated much, Mary-Jane?" Dad
started to turn red at such a question, but I saw mamma shush him with a touch.
"No. I haven't dated much at all."

      "That's too bad. You don't know what you're missing!"

      "Mary-Jane graduates high-school in June."My dad pointed out.I was
blushing. Why was Ron looking at me like that? Everyone was looking at me! I
asked to be excused and went up to my room. I listened at the heat vent to what
they were saying. "You know, Dale,"Said Ron "The mill is cutting back a little.
I may not need so many foremen on the floor."

      "I was working at that steel mill when you were playing with G.I.Joes and
sticking firecrackers up cat's asses!"

      "Relaaax Dale, old boy. I didn't say anything about your job...? I just
want to point out a man, in your position, may want to consider his nice house,
his wife's jewelry, food on the table, that mortgage payment...?"

      "What do you want Ron!"

      "I run the company now, Dale. I would rather be addressed as 'Mr. Shanks'
If you don't mind."

      Daddy bit back his pride in an unusual display. "Okay...'Mr. Shank' I
operate the best shop at the mill, I've worked there twenty years.

      I've got a mortgage payment, and a bad back. What do I have that you
could want from me?"

      "Why, a lonely young CEO like myself needs companionship, Dale. Your
lovely daughter, I could stand to take her to dinner."

      "What?!!!"

      "Dale, now calm down honey." This couldn't be so awful..."

      There was a bit of a row, then. Dad yelled a bit. Mom yelled at him. I
don't think Ron got to dessert. I heard him smirking to Daddy about "mortgage
payments" then there was some quiet muttering and the front door slammed.
 
      I crept downstairs, being careful not to make the bottom stair creak. I
went to the bathroom and got a maxi-pad from the cabinet under the sink. The
bedsprings were creaking "CRACK". I crept up the hall. "OH!! 'CRACK'!!" I felt
my juice drip warm on my leg. "CRACK" I pressed the pad against my mound. I
peeked in my parents bedroom door. There was a scene I had seen before. Mamma's
ample ass was in the air, her pendulous breasts swinging under her, Daddy's
hairy and well muscled ass and legs pumping into her. I could see Daddy's ball
sack swinging. "CRACK" Daddy's big leather belt came down on Mamma's ass as it
came down on mine when I was bad. My nipples were soooo hard. The maxi-pad was
getting soaked. "Do you think our little girl needs to go out with a grown
man?"

      "No. He'll hurt her."

      "'CRACK' He'll what?

      "He'll hurt her"

      "Do you think she should....? 'CRACK'"

      "OWWW! (gasp) Yessss. Yes! She should!"

      "Why, dear? 'CRACK'"

      "Owww! So that she can...(gasp)...learn!"

      "Learn what dear? 'CRACK'"

      "To...to obey...."

      "To obey who, dear? 'CRACK'"

      "OHHHH!!! TO OBEY A MANNNN!!!"

      My knees almost gave out on me. I saw Daddy thrust forward into Mamma,
and grunt, Mamma thrashed around a lot. I saw something leak onto the sheets. I
ran upstairs. The pad was wet. I was almost crying but my trembling was from
the thought of Ron touching me, he's not listening to my protests, my bra strap
sliding off my shoulder, my big nipples in his fingers as we sat in his
Porsche. I was scared but I felt a warm, gushing heat spread from my crotch to
my chest. I was having my first orgasm.

      Mamma was making breakfast when I came down. I kissed her good morning,
then set my books down on the table. Mamma pushed me from behind, bending me
over the table. "OWWW! MOM! What are you doing.

      "You just be quiet and undo your pants."

      "Mooo-ooom!?" She swatted my butt but reached around then, and undid my
jeans. I protested but she wouldn't take any back-talk and pushed my jeans down
around my knees. She made sure I was still bent over the table and made me push
down my own panties! I was protesting as much as I could. She swatted my ass
again "Bend over, I said!" I felt her fingers in my crack, exploring my vagina,
then she spread my labia with two fingers. "Moo-oom!" I complained as she
leaned over to sniff her daughter! "Have you had your period this month yet,
Mary-Jane?"

      "God! Yes, mom. It was last week. You know that!"

      "Don't back talk me young lady! I've made an appointment with the doctor
for this afternoon. You're getting a checkup!"

      I complained, but, of course, it didn't do any good. I pulled my Jeans
up, ate breakfast and went to school.

      Mom listened carefully to the doctor ask me questions about my period,
was I taking any drugs, etc. etc. I resented all of this and I told her so in
the car on the way home. "Why is all this fuss. Just because this 'Ron' guy
wants to take me out?

      "Don't tell your father this, but I already spoke to Ron Shanks. His
proposal was not news to me. It seems Ron has a 'thing' for very young ladies
and your father is known at work for having a young, teenage daughter, of legal
age."

      "Ewwww! And I have to have sex with him for Daddy to keep his job?"

      "NO! No,  Mary-Jane. You do not." There was a conspicuous silence in the
car. "You will not say anything to your father. You'll go on a date with Ron
Shanks. You will maybe flirt a little, then kiss him on the cheek when he
brings you home, at a decent hour, of course."

      "What were those pills the doctor gave you?"

      "Harold gave me these, er, you'll see when we get home."

      "So what did you and Ron talk about?" I asked.

      "A business proposal. One that will increase your father's income
substantially. Your father would never have agreed to it, so you will keep your
mouth shut! You don't need to know any more. It doesn't have anything to do
with you anyway." It was quiet again in the car.

      At home, Mamma told me to take a hot bath and get cleaned up. I did so,
and she told me to come to her and Daddy's bedroom. I came in wrapped in a
towel, brushing my wet hair. Mom ordered me to lay down on the bed and lift my
knees. She had the bottle of pills in her hand.

      "What Mom?"

      She suddenly became furious and grabbed one of Daddy's belts. She lashed
at my butt with it "CRACK" leaving a bright red welt on my ass. "Owwww, Mooom!"
I hadn't been whipped in quite a while. "GET ON THE BED AND LIFT YOUR KNEES!" I
trembled as I obeyed. I lifted my legs in front of my mother, like I was in the
delivery room. My freshly washed privates were on full display. She told me to
reach down and spread my ass cheeks. I was nearly crying as I did so. Mama took
one of the big white capsules from the pill bottle and firmly placed one in my
anus. I yelped as she did this and she pinched my ass cheeks shut so I could
not expel it. I felt like a little girl and started to cry. "Mom what are these
for...?"

      "These are fertility drugs, dear."

      "I'm already having a period though!"

      "These will make you much more fertile, honey."She reached for another
one. "Your egg production will increase and your hormones will go into
overtime."

      "Why are you doing this Mom?"

      "Because you're going to start dating a real man dear. Now, when this one
has dissolved, I want you to get dressed and be nice and pleasant for your
father. He's under a lot of stress lately."

      The second one was dissolving in my ass as I went upstairs. Over the next
several days, Mom came in early in the morning to wake me for school. She would
make me put my ass high in the air and spread my cheeks for the fertility
suppositories. I felt like I was her science project as she groomed me for my
date with Ron. I was afraid of what she and Ron wanted, or even if they had
plans after all.

      I didn't tell Janie anything about this. It's getting pretty wierd when
you won't even tell your best friend what's going on. I started to feel a
little wierd too. My butt and breasts started to feel more full. I felt kinda,
you know, more emotional. It's definityly weird having your mom put things up
your butt. One morning, she came into my room and sniffed me again. I was still
bent over the pillow, feeling one of the pills dissolving, when I noticed the
laundry she was putting into my dresser was different! "What are those mom?

      "More bras for you honey, some in different sizes."

      "Why?"

      "Your breasts are going to get bigger. Look-I got you some in a C-cup and
some in a D-cup too."

      I was squirming around with my ass in the air at the thought of my mother
deliberately changing her daughter's body like this. I know the look on my face
must have been pouty as I asked: "What are those others?"

      She held up a large, bulky white one with clasps on the front of the
cups. "This is a nursing bra."

      My face took a look of shock as my mind reeled at the thought. My own
mother wants me to get pregnant! I started to cry. Mother immediately came over
and hugged me, turning me over and putting my head in her lap. "There there,
dear. I'm just concerned for you. You haven't made any plans for the future and
you're moping around the house. I want you to have a future, not become a
professional waitress like me. Ron Shanks is a very wealthy man, he wants
children by as many women as possible. Men are like that. Ron Shanks simply has
the wealth to be able to take care of them. He has promised me he will
supplement your father's income 'substantially' in return for several
offspring."

      "SEVERAL?"

      She began kneading my breasts. Pinching my swollen nipples hard to make
them stand up. "I know you won't like it at first, honey. But once you get used
to a man holding you down, you learn to really get used to it. There's nothing
like the feel of a man ejaculating inside of you. I'm giving you fertility
drugs to increase the chance of having twins. I think that would be lovely!"

      "Mom, don't make me!"

      "Nonsense! There were royal concubines in ancient times that would jump
at the chance to breed with men of royal blood. You're going to go to bed with
Ron or I will let him 'have his way with you! Now, you will get dressed!"

      Ron came by at eight o'clock. Dad didn't come home after work, I guess he
didn't want to see his daughter go off with his new boss. Ron smelled pretty
good. I wore a skirt that hugged my knees, and a nice silk blouse. My nipples
wouldn't go down, so anything I put on, they showed. I was nervous, mom treated
the whole thing like a regular high-school date. He put his arm around me and
escorted me to the car.

      "Relax, sugar, just dinner and a movie." I tried to reassure myself. I
tried to do the math in my head. If he raped me, is it the right time for...?"
I didn't think it was. I didn't talk till we got to the restaurant. I made
polite conversation with him. He woudn't stop staring at me.

      "You've got a really pretty face, Mary-Jane." I had to admit, he didn't
sound like the sneering, rich-boy type. Although he was old, he was quite
attractive. I kind of found myself falling under his spell. I began to wonder
what it would feel like to put my mouth near his... I started to feel a growing
heat in my crotch! He put his foot in between my high heels as we sat at the
table. He suddenly kicked my feet apart! There I was staring, pouting at this
man who just spread my legs in a public place!

      "I control the lives of most of the people who work at your father's
steel mill. Your father can be replaced, remember that. Leave your legs open."

      We ordered dinner and made polite conversation, but we kind of lacked a
common ground to talk. He whispered "remove your panties and hand them to me."
I stared agape. I looked around, it only FELT like everyone was watching me. He
repeated his order, and smiled. I tentatively reached under my skirt and peeled
my damp panties off my hips. They clung to my moistness briefly as I slid them
down my thighs. I could feel the air conditioning in the restaurant as the air
hit me. I felt suddenly vulnerable.

      "Keep your legs open." He took my small bundle of cotton and lace and,
smiling at the feeling of their moistness, put them in his jacket pocket. I
blushed furiously. He paid the check and escorted me out. "Now what?" I asked.

      "Now, we go somewhere and talk, look at the stars perhaps."

      I started to argue, but thought better of it. We drove out to a local
"make-out" point. I couldn't believe I was here. How humiliating. What if I
were seen with this older guy? Ron swept me up in his arms. He was pretty big.
I could smell his aftershave and his own musky smell. He kissed me tenderly. I
was shaking! "You're trembling like a little schoolgirl."

      "Yeah, well..."

      "I will teach you how to kiss a man properly." Over the next, what seemed
like, hours I learned how a girl takes a man's tongue, gives her own tongue,
and teases a man with her mouth. Ron is a pretty sexy guy. I started feeling
more confident. Ron began sucking at my lips, HARD. I protested, but his mouth
wouldn't let go. I pushed at his chest but he kept sucking at my lips, first
taking the bottom one and sucking the entire thing in his mouth, then switching
to the top one, which he worked first one side, then the other. I was mewling
and struggling a little. It kind of hurt. I had never heard of this. The music
was playing the whole time, it felt kind of good, making out in the bucket
seats of some guy's Porsche at make-out point. He finally stopped and I
hurriedly reached for the switch to roll down the window. My lips ACHED.

      As I rolled down the tinted glass, I realized there were some people I
knew just kind of hanging-out on the hood of the next car. They (of course)
suddenly turned to SEE.

      "Hey David, isn't that your Mary-Jane?" I heard a voice.

      "Uh, I dunno, Hey! Mary-Jane." I was looking at my ex-boyfriend. My lips
were SO swollen and red, I must have looked like a whore.

      "Hey kid, c'mere!" Said Ron David walked over to the car.

      "Uh, hey Mary-J, uh, what's up?"

      "Here, son, these are for you. You should try a little harder." Ron
handed David my panties.

      Some days went by. I told Mamma everything. At school, I could hardly
show my face! I told Janie it was some college-friend I had somehow met. She
thought it was pretty cool that I should have such a mature boyfriend. I had to
make up all kinds of stories. The panty incident had gotten me a bad
reputation. People suddenly noticed me. Some of the guys on the track team
wanted to talk to me. I was wearing a C-cup bra now. My nipples were almost
always hard. I was totally confused. I was avoiding my homework at home, just
kind of milling around the house one weekend when I found Mamma's calendar. She
had my fertility cycle all worked out. Apparently, this was THE weekend!

      I wanted to cry. Mamma got Daddy to spank me good with the belt when he
got home. She wanted me "warmed up" and minding her, so she told Dad I talked
back to her good, that afternoon. Daddy has a pretty quick temper so he took to
it good. I got my ass seriously warmed wit h that one. I hated my mother then.
I was crying up a storm on my bed, letting the welts on my ass go down, when
she came into my room. "I sent your father off for a night with the boys. I
want you to get bathed, perfumed, and put on this lovely lace teddy I got you!
I wasn't about to argue with her again. I knew Ron was coming over that
evening. As evening came on, I lay in my room, looking out the window. I looked
at my stuffed animals and unfinished homework. I opened my drawer and looked at
the nursing bra. Ron came over, I heard Mamma serve him dinner, then get him
comfortable in her room. I was trembling, and clutching a pillow as she came up
the stairs.

      My face was red from crying some, and my lips were painted very, very
red. I thought I looked like a whore. I knew that's what Ron wanted. Mamma
swatted my ass a few times in the hallway. She herded me into her bedroom. Ron
was laying in the bed. There were candles lit all around. He was smiling, or
sneering, I couldn't tell which. He pulled back the covers for me. I put a knee
tentatively on the edge of the bed. Mom and Dad's bed always sat higher than
mine. Ron leaned over and kissed my mouth. he began sucking at my lips like on
our date. My lips were swelling up again.

      "CRACK" Mamma sent the belt against my rear. "Owwww!" I exclaimed,
jumping into the bed. Ron pulled the sheets over us as Mamma stood by with the
belt, supervising.

      I could feel Ron's hard cock suddenly press against my belly. I yelped
and struggled with Ron and the covers and managed to work my way free. Mamma
gently pushed me back as I tried to escape. I had thrown the covers back. Mamma
threatened the belt again. I turned toward Ron, sobbing. His cock was standing
straight up. It was as thick as my wrist and jutted upward from a tangle of
dark hair. He had a dark line of hair running up his belly to his chest, where
it was generous. I noticed the dark, purple head of his penis was as big as a
plum, almost the same circumference as the shaft. It looked to be quite long
and hard. There were many veins lining the surface. Mamma reached between my
legs as I sat, fascinated, and undid the snap of my teddy. She and Ron shifted
my legs across his till I was almost straddling him. I snapped out of it and
began crying and thrashing again.

      "I don't want to do this! It'll kill me!"

      "YOUNG LADY, YOU STRADDLE THAT COCK, NOW!!"

      Ron calmed my shaking frame, and leaned me a little back. He pushed the
shaft down, like bringing a cannon to bear, and firmly placed the head against
my lips. Mom whispered to me, "Notice the head's shape, it's designed to
smoothly separate a girl's labia, letting the veined shaft into her womanhood."
Mom seemed so proud of her little girl.

      "Look at me, Mary-Jane." I looked at Ron's eyes as the head of his thing
stretched me. His big hands grabbed my hips. I cried out as my cherry was
impaled on him. Mamma slapped the belt across my buttocks.

      "CRACK" I yelped and fell on his cock, "CRACK" I yelled again, letting my
weight fall. I was split up the middle. I felt totally immobilized by this
shaft of meat impaling me. I could feel the living rod of flesh stretching me,
a living thing inside of me. I was fucked.

      "All the way down, young lady! You've got to take it all in if he's going
to make you pregnant."

      I gasped with shame, I was soooo wet, I thought of Daddy slapping Mamma's
rear as he gave it to her.

      Mamma and Ron undressed me the rest of the way. I didn't resist. I had
lost my will with my virginity. I laid down on his hairy chest. I felt his
hairy, strong legs spread mine some more. Mamma reached back behind to fondle
his balls. Ron was thrusting his hips upwards. He rolled me over onto my back.
I could feel his balls settling against my ass. My arms were pinned to his
chest as he thrust now in a more manly fashion into me and into me. Mamma
stroked my hair as she knew what her little girl must have been feeling.

      "Remember what I told you, honey. There's nothing like feeling a man put
his seed in you." Ron lost control just then and I could feel a hot jet of seed
hit my cervix. I began to cum myself.

      "Lift your legs into the 'birthing position' honey, so he can get it
deep." Ron was squirting it deep! Mamma pushed my legs up and held them there.
She smiled. She must have known what I was feeling. I could feel my cervix
flexing, dipping down into the pool of seed he was leaving in my vagina.
Knowing how fertile I was, I couldn't help but orgasm. Daddy's boss was making
his daughter pregnant. And this would only be the first time.

      Mamma left us alone after that. Ron said he would stay a little while.
She blew out the candles and shut the door on her way out. She looked really
happy. There, in the dark, Ron spread my legs again. I thought of all the times
I had peeked on my parents, now I was getting mounted, feeling Ron's hard, hard
wet shaft sliding into me again. I found my will and struggled against his
grasp, but his arms were much stronger than mine. I kicked in the air when I
felt him squirt again. Ron smiled.

      Mamma came in after Ron had left. I wasn't sure whether I should cry or
be in love. Mom slipped a tampon into me. "We can't let you push any of that
out now. If I'm going to watch your belly swell over the coming months, I've
got to plug that sperm in so that it can do it's work. Now, show me your pretty
ass..." I rolled over. "CRACK" went the belt.

      "OWWW!! MOOOOM?"

      There I was, naked in my parent's bed, kneeling on the edge. Mamma was
swatting my ass with the well-used belt. I was playing with my clit and pussy
as I felt the tampon expand to plug me. The tampon string was hanging down.
Mamma insisted that an orgasm helps to "soak it up". I could feel my orgasm
mounting.

                                      End

Feedback is always welcome.   ;-)
ucclear
<ucclear@inetworld.net>

