Archive-name: 3plus/teenage.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Teenage


TEENAGE1

Hi! My name's Sandi, and I'd like to tell you about what happened
to me a little while ago. I'm still at school, and my friend
Jackie and I enjoy hoisting up our skirts and wearing skimpy
undies (or none at all!) to try and turn on the men teachers. It
gives us quite a thrill to see the bulges in their trousers when
we cross our legs and flash our crotches at them!

Anyway, last week, Jackie and I were at games, and we were
showering afterwards, soaping each other up and generally getting
quite excited: Jackie has a nice slim body with pert tits that
really stand out on her chest, topped with little pink nipples
that stick out through her top (she hardly ever wears a bra). I
noticed in the showers that she had shaved her pubes, leaving her
crack naked, so you could see her lips clearly. We were enjoying
our shower so much that we were the last to finish, as usual.

Of course, what with all the soaping, our teenage bodies soon
started to get all excited. Jackie's nipples were sticking out
even more than usual, and she was breathing heavily, and I could
feel my cunt getting hot and sticky. As I was soaping Jackie's
heaving tits, oblivious to anything else, the soap slipped out
of my hand and fell on the floor. I bent down to pick it up,
presenting a great view of my tight little snatch to Jackie. All
of a sudden, I felt something pushing into the entrance to my
virgin cunt. I looked round to see Jackie, grinning all over her
face as she worked two fingers inside me.

Now I have had plenty of lesbian fun before with my schoolmates,
so I knew what to expect as I reached behind me and spread my bum
cheeks to expose more of my hot cunt. The shower was still going,
the water splashing onto me, making my snatch and arse tingle as
Jackie continued to finger fuck me. "Hang on a mo, Jackie" I
gasped, "I'm going to fall over soon! Let's get comfortable.".
Then I knelt down on the floor, my arse in the air, and Jackie
knelt behind me and spread my cunt wide before lapping at my
juices which were by now pouring out of me. "Oooh, that's good"
I moaned, "Lick my clit and make me come!". I felt Jackie's
tongue work its way along my slit, probing into my hidden folds
and secret places, until it found the little bud of my clit.
Spreading me further to expose it, she started flicking the tip
of her tongue across it, and licking at me with long strokes of
her pointy pink tongue. I could feel the climax well up in me as
she continued to stimulate my clit, and my snatch became more and
more juiced up. As a wave of orgasm hit me, I trembled with
pleasure and moaned softly, while my cunt juices covered Jackie's
face and she lapped them up greedily.

I lay there for a moment with Jackie licking at me, before she
lifted her face and said "Well, that's got me all horny! What
wouldn't I give for a stiff prick inside me now!". "Well, you'll
have to make do with my fingers.", I said, kneeling up and
turning to face her. "Oh well", she said, grinning, "That'll have
to do, I suppose." With that, she lay back and spread her legs.
I knelt between her thighs and leaned forward to lick her
nipples, which stiffened even more. "Oh God", she said, "that's
nice!". With one hand, I groped down under me until I found her
shaved mound. It felt so smooth and soft that my cunt clenched
with lust as I stroked it. Feeling further down, I ran a finger
down into her sopping slit, slipping it in and out of her love
hole. She was so big that I was able to slide a second finger in,
and then I started thrusting them in and out, rubbing her clit
with my thumb as I carried on licking her delicious tits.

"What are you two still doing here?" came a voice from the
entrance to the shower room. I looked round to see Mr Robinson,
our games teacher, standing there. As I gaped, he turned off the
shower and said "Well? What is the meaning of this disgusting
behaviour? You know I'm going to have to report you two for this,
don't you?". Mr Robinson was quite good looking, but strict. I
knew that he would report us to the headmistress, and that could
be very awkward: she really enjoyed punishing us young
schoolgirls, and we all thought that she was probably a dyke,
anyway. Still, having just had my snatch thoroughly licked out
by Jackie, I was feeling very horny, and I couldn't stop myself
staring at the front of his tracksuit bottoms as an idea came to
me. "You wouldn't want us to get into trouble, Mr Robinson, would
you?" I pouted, sticking out my little teenage tits. Behind me,
Jackie had knelt up, and was making a big point of licking her
lips as she fondled her own pussy. As I watched, I could see a
bulge rise in the front of his track suit. "I mean, it's not as
if we wouldn't make it worth your while...", I said, walking over
to him and feeling the outline of his now rigid cock through the
trousers. Quick as a flash, I pulled them down and his stiff rod
swung free. "Look at this, Jackie" I said, "you said you wanted
a good stiff one - here it is!"

With that, I knelt down in front of him and started licking the
head of his cock. He was huge, and as my tongue slurped round his
helmet, he got even stiffer and bigger. I opened my lips and
started to take him into my mouth, sliding my lips over his shaft
and caressing it with my tongue. When I had got him right inside
me, he started to thrust back and forward, fucking my mouth and
getting more and more turned on. I could taste his come as a
little bit leaked from the tip of his huge cock.

Meanwhile, Jackie was watching us, frigging her cunt as she got
more excited with out horny antics. Unable to keep away any
longer, she came closer and started to fondle his hairy balls,
which were full of come. Before I could make him spurt, he pulled
his cock out of my mouth and said "Bend over, I'm going to fuck
that tight little teenage cunt of yours." I turned round and
leaned forward, presenting my juicy fanny to him. I had never
been so brazen before, and I was really enjoying myself! With one
hand he spread me, before plunging his huge tool deep into my wet
cunt. I could feel his thick shaft pushing my cunt walls apart,
and as he started to shag me, pulling nearly all the way out
before thrusting deep into me, I could feel his cock throb inside
me. I cried out to Jackie, "Come and finger my clit! Make me
come!". She came over and, reaching under me, started to stroke
my bud, sending waves of pleasure throbbing through me. The
clenching of my cunt as I started to climax started the games
teacher off, and he started to buck and thrust harder as his cock
began to spurt, sending his come splashing deep into me.

He pulled out, still pumping spunk up me, and as his cock slurped
out of my snatch, the last spurt shot over my arse, covering me
in creamy juice. Straight away, Jackie got in front of him and
said, "Lie down, I want to lick you clean.". He did that, quickly
ripping off the rest of his clothes, and Jackie crouched between
his legs and started to lick and suck his cock, which before very
long grew stiff again. "Oh good", she said, "now it's my turn!".
With that, she turned her back on him and, straddling him with
her legs, squatted over his cock. Holding it with one hand, she
slowly lowered herself onto it, easing it length into her,
sighing with pleasure. She was fondling her clit with one hand
and stroking his balls with the other when I walked over and said
"Let me do that", and crouched down between his thighs licking
the base of his prick, up her slit, to find her throbbing clit.
I spread her with my fingers so that I could really give her a
good sucking, enjoying the feeling of her cunt clenching round
his cock as each wave of pleasure spread out from her clit, and
watching as his prick stretched her cunt round it as it
penetrated her.

As she rode him, she took over stroking her own clit, her eyes
closed in ecstasy, biting her lip and moaning with pleasure at
the sensations of a big prick inside her and the stimulation she
was giving herself. I went round and knelt over his face,
thrusting my muff forward at him. "Lick me out,", I ordered. His
tongue started to lap around my folds, exploring me and seeking
out my pleasure zones. Every now and then, he would push it into
me, fucking me with it, before flicking it around over my now
sensitive clit. The more he licked my juices up, the hornier I
became, until I was writhing around with the pleasure of it.

Meanwhile, Jackie was getting near to her climax, and was
bouncing up and down on the games teacher's cock, getting as much
of it inside her as she could, all the while rubbing frantically
at her clit. Suddenly she cried out as she came, wriggling on the
thick prick inside her. As her cunt gripped his shaft, he started
to orgasm inside her. I could see the look of pleasure on her
face as her tight snatch pumped the come from his cock into her.
As he came, his tonguing became more frantic, and he thrust his
tongue inside me, bringing me off as well. We collapsed in a heap
on the floor, covered in each other's come, to recover. Then he
took us home in his car, but I'll tell you more about that
another time...

TEENAGE2

My name's Sandi, and I want to tell you about some of the horny
adventures I've had. This one's about when I left school and got
a job in an office. Unfortunately some of what REALLY happened
is probably a bit too naughty to tell you, so I've had to miss
it out! Still, even without it, I think that you'll find this a
pretty horny story!

When I first left school I got a job as a filing assistant in a
firm nearby. Most of the people there were a bit older than me
and I felt a bit out of place at the beginning, especially as the
boss was a man of about 50 who definitely didn't hold with young
girls going round in tiny skirts and high heels! Fortunately,
about a month after I started, he got a transfer and was replaced
by a younger man who took an instant shine to me!

Part of my job involved putting records into a big filing rack
in an archive room which was separate from the main office. The
shelves went from the floor nearly up to the ceiling and I was
always bending right down or climbing up on steps to put the
files away. I soon noticed that the new boss, who was called
Mike, kept coming into the archive to ask me some question or
another whenever I went in there, and I could feel his eyes on
my fanny whenever I bent over or was up the ladder. What was
worse was that with all the bending and stretching, my little
knickers always seemed to end up riding up into my bum crach, and
I was always finding out that my cunt lips had been peeking out
for all to see for half the morning.

Still, Mike was married, and I was sure that he'd never try
anything on, although after a while I started wondering what he
would be like in bed. Things came to a head when I finished with
my boyfriend so I wasn't even getting my regular shaftings to
keep my tight little pussy feeling wanted. About a week later,
my boss asked some of us to come in on a Saturday to catch up
with the work. Seeing as I now had a lot of time on my hands, I
agreed, and that Saturday I arrived at work, dressed in a nice
short skirt. I went straight into the archive and started to get
on with my work. Sure enough, after half an hour, my knickers had
ridden right up my bum crack. Added to that, it was a blazing hot
day outside, and I was boiling, so off came the knickers, leaving
my cunt open to the cool fresh air.

As I got on with my work, I started to daydream about Mike,
wondering what his cock would feel like inside me, and what it
would be like to be fucked by the boss. Pretty soon, what with
me not having been shafted for a while, I could feel my cunt
juicing up, my little pink lips getting more and more engorged
and a musky aroma wafting up from my snatch. Eventually, I just
had to stop working and give myself a little stroke. I sat down
on a chair, and spread my legs wide before starting to fondle my
labia, tuggling and stroking them until they had become full and
stiff. My clit was throbbing and ripe for some attention so,
holding myself open with one hand, I started to run my fingers
up and down my slit, dipping them into my hole then stroking
their way back up my folds until they found my stiff bud, which
I caressed a bit before working my way down again, pausing
occasionally to push two fingers inside myself. Pretty soon, I
was lost in another world, as my probing fingers stirred my
throbbing cunt to orgasm. Panting furiously, I rubbed at my
sensitive clit, and, biting at my lower lip to stifle the moans
of pleasure, I came, clamping my thighs round my hand as my cunt
pulsated with waves of orgasm.

I waited a few minutes to recover, then carried on with my work.
Even though I had just come, I still didn't feel satisfied, and
I knew that nothing would satiate my lust except the feel of a
real cock thrusting into me. As I was working, I heard someone
come into the room behind me. Thinking it was Mike, I turned
around to see a woman I did not recognise, looking up at me. It
was obvious that she could see up my skirt, and she had a slight
smile on her face as she said "I'm sorry if I surprised you. I'm
looking for Mike, do you know where he is?". I replied "No, sorry
I don't. I can find him for you if you like, though - who should
I say wants him?" "Tell him it's his wife, Alison" she said, "You
must be Sandi, right?" "Yes. How did you know?" I asked. She
replied "Mike talks about you quite a lot." There was something
in her voice as she said that which made me wonder whether there
wasn't more to this situation that I thought. "Shall I go and
find him for you, then?" I asked her, anxious to find out what
was going on. "Oh, no, I wouldn't bother. He's expecting me
anyway, and he'll find me when he comes looking." I offered her
a coffee, and when she accepted, I went out to the machine and
got us a cup each. As I was walking back, I tried to figure out
what was going on - it was almost as if they had some plan which
involved me. I told myself not to be so silly, and went back into
the archive room with the coffees.

When I got there, Alison had her back to me, with one foot up on
the chair: it looked as if she was adjusting her stockings or
something, but I wasn't sure. As she heard me open the door, she
stood up again and turned round. "Why don't you take a break for
a minute" she said, "then you can tell me a bit about yourself.".
Completely forgetting that I wasn't wearing any knickers, I sat
down on a crate opposite her, and took a sip of my coffee. I
nearly spat it out again as I noticed that Alison was not wearing
any knickers either. Her skirt was quite high on her thighs, and
I could see that she had big cunt lips which protruded from her
snatch. She obviously realised what I was looking at, and
misunderstood my surprise for shock. "What's the matter?", she
said, "I often don't wear panties when it's hot - I find them so
unconfortable. I know you aren't wearing any at the moment,
either, are you?". As she said this she was staring intently at
my crotch between my thighs, which were slightly spread. I don't
know what came over me then - suddenly I felt so horny and
uninhibited, I just stood up, undid my skirt and let it fall to
the floor before walking over to her and saying "Yes, mine's so
hot and wet, it really needs some attention. Lick it for me,
please!" She stayed sitting down, and pulled me towards her, then
lowered her face to my bush.

With both hands, she spread me wide, opening up my little snatch
like a flower, exposing my fleshy folds and clitoris. Her thumbs
slid inside me, making me gasp with pleasure, then she started
to lap at me, slowly running her tongue up my slit, seeking out
my erect clit, then pushing her tongue inside me. I could feel
myself start to fall, and it was only her hands firmly gripping
my mound that stopped me toppling over, I was so light-headed
with the pleasure of being licked out. Her head was bobbing up
and down as she licked me out, and she would occasionally grunt
in pleasure as she nuzzled my juicy cunt. Lifting her head, she
said "Oh God, you taste good! It's so long since I've really
enjoyed a juicy cunt!". "What about Mike? What if he catches us?"
I gasped, getting a bit worried. "Oh, I wouldn't worry about
that" she replied, "he won't mind at all." I still couldn't put
my finger on it, but there was definitely something going on, but
I was past caring. "Let me lick you out, Alison", I said. I
hadn't given a woman a good licking for ages, and I was really
looking forward to tonguing this woman's love hole. "Mmmmm, that
WOULD be nice." she murmured, standing up to take off her dress
and bra. When she was completely naked, she lay down on her back
and spread her legs as wide as they would go, exposing a moist
snatch with a tight hole, covered in downy blonde hair.

My mouth was watering as I knelt between her slim thighs and
gently kissed her cunt lips, running my tongue up and down them,
and tantalising her by carefully avoiding her clit. As I licked
her, I could feel her lips get more engorged, and she writhed and
moaned with pleasure. "Lick my clit, Sandi" she begged, "Ohhh,
please, lick me out." Still I continued to tease her, running my
tongue up and down her pussy lips and the inside of her thighs,
and occasionally pushing it into her hole. She was getting more
and more agitated, pumping her hips up and down, trying to thrust
herself into my face to get my tongue on her clit, but I still
kept on teasing her until the love juice was pouring out of her
and she was crying out for me to make her come. She reached
around her thighs and was holding her lips apart before I
relented and started to plunge my tongue in and out of her hole,
and caress her clit gently in between. "Push your finger into me"
she ordered "I want to feel it inside my cunt". I eased two
fingers inside her, and started to slip them in and out of her
juicy cunt, while I carried on licking at her throbbing clit.

All this lust had really got me going now, and I still didn't see
any hope of getting a good dick inside me. I was kneeling there,
licking out Alison's gorgeous cunt and watching her get hornier
and hornier while my cunt, pointing up in the air, was not
getting any attention at all. I could feel the hot juices
dripping from my hole, and my clit throbbed as I became more and
more rampant, then without any warning, I felt a big thick prick
nudge at my entrance then start to slide slowly in, penetrating
me right up to the hilt. Except that this was like no prick I had
ever felt before - it was so thick, it stretched my cunt to the
limit and, from the way it was stimulating the inside of my cunt
hole, it was obviously nice and chunky. I didn't even want to
look round, as it started to thrust in and out of me, stretching
the entrance of my cunt so much that I could feel my lips rubbing
against my clit, making me quiver with the waves of bliss that
spread through me. Although I didn't want to, though, I couldn't
resist looking round to see what was going on, and I was com-
pletely surprised by what I saw, and it wasn't the sight of Mike,
buried up to the hilt in my wet snatch, but the three other men
standing there too, all with their stiff dicks in their hands,
and all jerking off for all they were worth.

I was obviously the centre of attention, as Mike carried on
slowly shafting me for all he was worth, thrusting his huge dick
right into me then pulling it all the way out before plunging it
back in up to the hilt again. My cunt was so wet that I could
hear my juices slurping as his cock slid smoothly in and out of
me. I heard Alison, whose cunt was by now soaking wet and ready
for a good shafting itself from the look of it, call out "Come
on then, boys, what about me? Don't I get to see any of the
action?" There was a bit of a stampede as two of the other guys
rushed over to her. While neither of them was as well equipped
as Mike, they weren't small either, and I watched as Alison
turned over and knelt up, brazenly presenting her rear to one of
them, holding her bum cheeks apart to bare her wet cunt hole. The
guy behind her, holding the base of his shaft to guide it,
slipped his entire length into her. I needn't have worried about
what Mike thought about all this - the sight was obviously making
him more and more excited and his thrusts grew deeper and faster,
his balls banging against me as he fucked my cunt. Meanwhile,
Alison had opened her mouth and taken most of the other guy's
cock into it, and was sucking it like her life depended on it,
while her cunt was receiving the attentions of another bulging
prick.

The third bloke was looking a bit out of it, so I called him
over, "Stand in front of me", I said, "Let me suck you off." He
stood in front of me, with his stiff prick sticking out in front
of him like a flagpole. He moved so that it was in front of my
mouth, and I started to lick his shaft and helmet. He had a nice
loose foreskin, which was covering all but the very tip of his
helmet, and I pushed my tongue inside it and swirled it around
the purple head of his cock, making it twitch and leak a small
drop of come, which I eagerly lapped up. Then I started to get
down to some serious sucking, slowly taking his whole length into
my mouth until his cock head was in the back of my throat. He
started to thrust gently in and out, fucking my mouth. Mike was
still slamming away behind me making the sensations that were
spreading out from my cunt grow stronger and stronger and I knew
that I was about to climax. Suddenly, I felt Mike stiffen and
stop thrusting, then his cock twitched once or twice before
spurting a great rush of come, which splashed into me, followed
by another, then another. Slowly, he pulled out of me, still
pumping his thick come up my eager cunt. As his prick slid out
of me, one last jet shot out over my buttocks, covering them in
his milky sticky come. It was all too much for me, and an my
orgasm rolled over me making me gasp and cry out as the head of
his cock continued to rub against my clit and he thrust the
vibrator in and out of my arse in time with the contractions of
my cunt before finally pulling it out altogether bringing on a
series of smaller climaxes as it slid out of me. I concentrated
on sucking the cock in my mouth, which was tensing up for its own
climax, and as I slid my mouth up and down its length, teasing
the tiny hole in the end with my tongue, he gasped and then I
felt his cock jerk as the first jet of come shot up from his
tight balls and gushed into my mouth. As each spurt came, I
sealed my lips around his shaft to prevent any escaping. As his
prick shrank, I carefully slid it out of my mouth so as to avoid
losing any of his precious spunk. When he had finished, I crawled
over on hands and knees to Alison, who had finished sucking her
guy's cock and was busy gulping down every last drop of his come.
Putting my face over her bum, inches away from the cock which was
still shafting her, I let the come in my mouth dribble out over
her arse cheeks, running down her bum crack, into her slit and
covering the cock which was sliding greasily in and out of her.
Then, cupping the balls of the bloke who was fucking her, I
squeezed them gently, and fingered Alison's clit from underneath.
This was enough to finish them both off, and as Alison's snatch
clenched round the cock inside it, I felt the bloke's balls
contract as he started to pump his come into her.

Pretty soon afterwards, he withdrew from her, his prick followed
by a rush of come. I rolled Alison over onto her back and
straddled her face with my legs so she could lick up the juices
which covered my cunt while I got down and licked her out. As I
slurped up the juices from her cunt which had mingled with her
lover's come, I felt her tongue lapping up her husband's sperm
from my juicy snatch and I squatted even lower so she could get
her tongue right inside me. We must have presented a horny sight,
because I could see out of the corner of my eye that all of the
pricks had stiffened again, and the blokes came over and were
wanking over us as we got on with our all-girl 69. It didn't take
long for them to start shooting their streams of thick come over
us again, and we were soon rolling around on the floor with our
faces buried in each other's cunts, our bodies slippery with the
come that had been sprayed all over us.

After that, my heart wasn't really in my work, so Mike, Alison
and me just got on with enjoying the rest of our Saturday
together! It was then that I discovered that Mike's wife, Alison,
had confessed her taste for young girls some time before and Mike
had thought that I might just fit the bill, so they had set the

TEENAGE3

Hi! In my last story, I told you about the fun that me and
Jackie, my friend, had with our games teacher in the showers, and
I promised to tell you more about the fun we've had!

Just up the road from the school I go to is a boys school. Quite
often, we sneak out at lunchbreak to hang around outside,
flashing our panties as the boys come out. It really embarrasses
them when they have to walk along with a hard-on making their
trousers bulge, I can tell you!

Anyway, one day after school, Jackie and me were hanging around
by the bike sheds, talking about how we liked to be fucked when
we suddenly had this feeling of being watched. We looked around
to see a head disappear behind the fence. "Somebody's spying on
us, Sandi!" Jackie said. "Let's go and catch the little creep",
I replied, and we both rushed out after whoever it was.

As we ran out of the school, we saw that it was one of the boys
from the school up the road. We carried on chasing him, and he
ran for ages before taking a turning into the local fields. When
we got to the turning, we looked across the field, and saw him
still running towards the woods. "Quick, we'll catch him now!"
said Jackie, and we both ran after him. Just as he got into the
woods, we caught up with him, and Jackie grabbed him from behind
while I ran round in front of him. "You little spy!" I shouted
at him, "I'll teach you to listen in on our conversations!". With
that, I pushed him to the ground and slapped him. "How dare you
spy on us!" I shouted. He kept trying to free himself, struggling
and wriggling to escape, and as I knelt astride him to stop him
getting up, his body rubbing against my crotch started to turn
me on, and I could feel the gusset of my knickers get damp with
my juice. "I know what we can do to teach him a lesson." I said
to Jackie, "If he wants to know about our private lives, we'll
show him". "Good idea!" said Jackie, and she started to pull his
trousers down. "Oooh, he's lovely and stiff!" she said, as she
pulled off his briefs, "I think he must have been playing with
himself while he was watching us talking!" I looked round from
where I was holding him down, and gasped when I saw his cock: it
was thick and rigid, with big veins standing out on it. At its
tip, a little drop of come glistened where it had escaped.

Jackie held his shaft with one hand, and spread the come around
with her finger, making the tip of his rod slippery and wet. She
started to stroke his balls, and as they tightened, I felt him
slowly stop struggling under me. I climbed off him and took my
soaking knickers off, exposing my bare cunt to the cool evening
air. Jackie started to wank the boy's shaft, pulling the skin up
and down, caressing his balls with her other hand, and I could
see that he was starting to pant with lust as he watched me
finger my own naked cunt. I knelt over his face, facing Jackie,
and lowered my snatch over his mouth, spreading my lips wide to
expose my fleshy pink folds. "Lick me out," I ordered him, "Push
your tongue inside me." He started to probe me with his tongue,
poking it clumsily into my cunt and spreading my juices around,
and lapping at my throbbing clit. Suddenly, I felt his tongue
push into me and his body stiffen as Jackie lowered her mouth
over his cock and slid a slim finger into his arsehole. She
wasn't sucking him for long before his hips started to thrust and
he started to moan. "Don't waste his come, Jackie" I said,
climbing off and kneeling with my wet, open snatch positioned
over his shaft while Jackie stood up and started to undress. I
started to lower myself gently onto him, working his tool into
my tight teenage pussy, feeling my cunt open up like a flower to
take him into me. As I rode him, his prick grew even stiffer and
thicker inside me, pumping up and down and making my cunt grow
hotter and wetter. By now, Jackie had taken all her clothes off,
and was squatting over the boy's face, and pulling his head into
her crotch, shouting "Lick my cunt!" while she rubbed herself
against him. I started to come, frantically fingering my clit as
a climax started to well up inside me. The clenching of my tight
cunt oround his cock set him off, and I could feel him thrusting
up to meet me, his prick twitching and jerking as his balls star-
ted to pump his come into me. As his hot juice started to spurt
inside me, my orgasm hit me and I rubbed my clit in a frenzy
while my vagina clenched around the throbbing flesh inside me.

Jackie was now juiced up and ready to go as she climbed off him.
His licking had left her soaking wet with her juices oozing from
her warm cunt, and her lips were stiff and engorged, protruding
between her legs. "Lie down, and let me lick that cream out of
you" she said, helping me off the stiff prick that impaled me.
I stood up, my legs trembling, and lay her back before turning
round and kneeling over her face, positioning my head between her
thighs. I felt her pull my buttocks down to her, and she started
to lap at my slit, which was still so sensitive from my climax
that I gasped with pleasure as her tongue probed into me and
licked me clean. I lowered my face to her gash, and lapped up her
warm juices, savouring her musky scent, and lashing her stiff
clit with my tongue. We rolled over until I was on my back
beneath her, still with my tongue embedded inside her tight
snatch, and her thighs clamped around my face as she quivered in
ecstasy while she licked and sucked at my quim.

Suddenly, the boy appeared above me and I was treated to the
sight of the huge prick that had penetrated my young snatch being
gently thrust into Jackie. I felt her moan as her lips were
spread wide by the huge helmet, and I watched every inch of the
shaft slide smoothly into her. As he pushed it right in, I lapped
at his balls, and at Jackie's clit, watching her thrust her hips
back to bury more of his stiff length inside her. The pace of her
licking at my juicy flesh increased, and her tongue flicked
across my clit, making me juice up again, and making my lips
swell and part with pleasure. He started to plunge in and out of
her, and I could hear the soft slurp as her pussy swallowed up
his length with each thrust, leaving it glistening and wet as it
slid out again. Her cunt was twitching and clenching around him
as waves of lustful pleasure engulfed her, and she started to
moan softly with pleasure. I carried on licking both of them, amd
I felt her push first one, then two fingers into my snatch as she
continued to lick me out, before taking her weight on her elbows
and spreading me wide so she could bury her face inside me. I was
gasping with pleasure: the licking I was getting, together with
the horny sight of my best friend's cunt being thoroughly fucked
right in front of my face was almost too much to bear.

I could see her climax beginning almost before she realised it
herself. Her clit swelled and started to protrude from between
her folds, making it easier for me to caress it with my tongue,
and her fleshy lips swelled even more. Her legs started to
tremble. The boy's balls tightened as he started to come inside
her, then suddenly he cried out and thrust hard into her, his
buttocks clenching with the force of his orgasm. As his come
splashed into her, her cunt started to climax and I was treated
to the sight of her juicy snatch pulsating and throbbing as the
waves of orgasm rolled over her. It was all too much for me - my
hips arched, ramming my open gash into her face as my own orgasm
hit me and I cried out and writhed under her, pushing my face
into her snatch and licking her throbbing clit and slurping her
juices while the waves of pleasure flowed over me. The boy pulled
his cock out of Jackie, and a rush of come and her juices
followed it, which I lapped up eagerly before sucking him clean.

It took us a while to recover from our lust session in the woods,
but it left me with a taste for the outdoor life, I can tell you!

TEENAGE4

Hi! I'm Sandi. In my previous stories I've told you about the fun
I had with our games teacher, and the time we caught someone
listening in on us while me and my friend Jackie were talking
about our sex lives. This story is all about the time we decided
to do a bit of babysitting to earn some money.

Jackie and me decided that we were going to go on holiday to
Greece together, to get ourselves nicely tanned and maybe try to
get some meaty Greek cocks inside us while we were there. So that
we could get some more money together, we decided to do some
babysitting. We put an advert in the window of the local news-
agent, and we waited to see what would happen. About a week
later, a phone call came. It was a woman who lived not far away,
who was going out that Saturday night and needed someone to
babysit.

We arrived at the house at about seven o'clock, and I rang the
bell. The door was opened by this gorgeous brunette, about 28,
who said "Oh, you must be Jackie and Sandi. Hi, my name's Anne.
Come in, I'm nearly ready." She showed us into the living room,
which had a huge sofa and a lovely thick shag-pile carpet (now,
I wonder why they call it that?).

"This is the drinks cabinet", she said, "although I guess you two
are a bit young to be drinking!" Jackie and me looked at each
other and blushed - we were always getting drunk and doing silly
things, but we'd gone to a lot of trouble to make sure we looked
older than our 16 years. "It's all right," she laughed, "You're
welcome to help yourselves, and I'm sure you're both responsible
girls. Now, the TV's here" she said, indicating a huge colour TV,
and opening the cabinet below to show a video player. "You'll
find videos in this cupboard here - just look through and see
what you fancy." There was the sound of a car horn outside and
she said "Oh, that will be my cab. I'd better rush! I'll be back
at about 11.30." With that, she rushed out of the door. Jackie
poured me a drink, and had one herself, and we sat down to watch
the TV.

After a few drinks, we were both a bit tipsy, giggling to each
other as we sat watching the TV. "I'm bored with the telly", said
Jackie, "Lets see what videos she's got.". She went over to the
video and started reading across the titles. "They're all a bit
boring, there's nothing rude." she said, "Oh well, let's just try
anything." she said, pulling a cassette from the cupboard. As she
pulled it out, I noticed that there was something behind it.
"What's that behind the video?" I asked Jackie. "Where?" she
said, then she saw it and pulled another cassette with a hand-
written label out. "Wow! This is more like it!" she exclaimed,
reading the cover. She bent over, and put the tape in to the
player. I felt my fanny twitch as her skirt rode up over her
tight bum, exposing the gusset of her skimpy knickers. She
started the player, and came back to sit down next to me. By now,
the drink had got rid of out inhibitions, and I was looking
forward to giving my cunt a good grope.

The video started, and it was obvious from the start that it was
real hardcore porn. The opening shot was of two women in bed
together, with a huge double dildo which they were fucking each
other with. After a while of this steamy action, a guy arrived
with the biggest dong I've ever seen, and started fucking each
of them. I was getting pretty horny with all this, and started
to finger myself through my panties. My lips were full and wet,
and I could feel my clit throbbing as I rubbed it. I looked at
Jackie, who was staring intently at the screen, and had her hand
inside her blouse and was stroking her breasts. With my free
hand, I groped up her skirt and pulled her gusset to one side so
I could stroke her lips. She was even wetter than me, and I felt
her fanny juices well up as I pushed my fingers inside her.

Climbing off the sofa and kneeling on the floor in front of
Jackie between her legs, I started to pull down her knickers. She
arched her back to make it easier, and slid herself forwards so
her fanny was at the edge of the sofa. I couldn't wait any longer
and I buried my face in her muff, licking furiously at her with
my long pointy tongue, sticking it inside her and stimulating her
clit. "Oh, don't stop!" she moaned, "Stick it inside me!". I
carried on licking her, and before long she shuddered and arched
her back off the sofa as she came.

All this lust had got me pretty turned on, and I could feel my
knickers getting damp with the juices flowing out of my honeypot.
I sat down again, fingering myself while Jackie recovered. After
a while she got up, saying "I'm just off to the loo. Back in a
sec." and disappeared upstairs. She seemed to be gone for an
awful long time, and I was beginning to think that the cow was
going to leave me to rub myself off, instead of giving me the
good sucking I was after. Then her face popped round the door.
"Close your eyes, Sandi. I've got a surprise for you.".
Intrigued, I did as I was told, and felt Jackie pull my soaking
panties down, leaving my cunt bare. Then she knelt on the sofa
between my thighs, so her tits dangled in my face, making me
realise that she was stark naked. I still couldn't work out what
was happening, until I felt something hard and warm nudge the
entrance to my cunt. Slowly it worked its way in, and I could
feel Jackie moving and shoving whatever it was further into me.
It started to dawn on me what was going on, and I opened my eyes
and looked down to see the most enormous dildo being thrust up
my cunt, spreading me wider than I'd ever been before. On a
second glance, I realised that it was a double dildo, and that
one half was already buried inside Jackie's cunt. It was angled
in the middle, allowing it to penetrate straight inside both of
us just like a real prick, only I had never had a real prick
inside me that was this stiff and thick!

Once Jackie had worked the false prick into me, she started to
thrust her hips backwards and forwards, fucking my wet cunt and
driving me into a frenzy of lust. I felt a new sensation and
looking down saw that at the centre of the dildo was a finger
that was rubbing against my clit and Jackie's every time she
thrusted into me. My cunt was stretched as wide as it would go,
and Jackie was moaning and crying out with lust as she fucked me.
Her thrusts were growing more and more strong and urgent, then
suddenly she forced the dildo into me as hard as it would go,
moaning "Oh my God its so good!" as she came. The stimulation my
clit was getting made me come as well, and as I writhed under her
with the dildo inside me, her cunt got another good fucking,
setting her off all over again.

We were both so engrossed in our lust session that neither of us
heard the door open or realised that Anne had returned. "I see
you found the special videos, then" she said, standing by the
door. Both Jackie and me jumped with shock. What a sight we must
have looked, Jackie's naked teenage body crouched over me with
my tight snatch bare for all to see, and the huge dildo buried
inside both of us! "Hmm, so you obviously had a look in the
bathroom cabinet as well." she continued. We were both so
embarrassed, we didn't know what to do. "Still," she said, "it's
nice to see you enjoyed yourselves. I don't suppose the baby was
any trouble?". She had started smiling, and I didn't know what
was going to happen. Was she going to kick us out, or forget the
whole thing and not pay us? After all, we *had* babysat for her.
Jackie started to climb off me, then Anne said, "No, don't do
that. I've got a better idea." Then, reaching down beside the
sofa, she picked up a camera. "Let's get a nice picture of you
two looking horny", she said. There was a flash as she took the
photo, then she walked round beside us to take a picture of the
dildo buried in our muffs. "Well," she said, "I might as well
join in the party, eh? It's a long time since I enjoyed some
teenage muff.". With that, she slipped off her dress, and started
to remove her undies.

When she had undressed, she stood bare in front of us, her
nipples stiff. She had shaved her quim, leaving a pair of soft
lips peeking from between her thighs, and I could just see the
folds of flesh which covered her clit protruding between them.
"You two have had a bit of a head start on me from the look of
things," she said, "Who's going to help me catch up?" Jackie
climbed off me, leaving the double dildo sticking out of me like
a huge erect cock, and knelt at Anne's feet and, parting her
thighs, started to lick her out. It didn't take Anne long to
start moaning with pleasure at the licking Jackie was giving her.
Watching this was turning me on again, and with one hand I
started to thrust the dildo in and out of me, while I rubbed at
my folds with the other. I heard Anne say, "Hold on, Jackie,
let's get a bit more comfortable.", then she eased Jackie onto
her back and crouched down over her so that her juicy snatch was
positioned directly over Jackie's mouth and she could lick and
suck at Jackie's tight pussy. From where I was sitting, I could
clearly see Jackie, giving Anne's cunt a good tonguing, while
Anne was clearly getting a good faceful of Jackie's snatch. They
were both obviously enjoying themselves, which didn't surprise
me - I know what Jackie's cunt juice tastes like, and I've
experienced her tongue in my most private places more times than
I can count!

Watching them sucking and licking each other out, I felt a bit
left out, then I realised that I didn't have to be. With the huge
dildo sticking out of me, I could still get some of the action!
I came up behind Anne, whose cunt was wet and exposed, with
Jackie probing the folds covering her clit and her clit itself
with her tongue. Jackie saw what I was up to, and with a wicked
little grin, spread Anne's cunt wide, exposing her hole which
glistened with juice. I slipped the end of the dildo into her,
then thrust forwards with my hips to impale her on it. A wave of
pleasure shot through me as the dildo moved inside my cunt, and
I heard Anne gasp with pleasure. I started to thrust my arse
backwards and forwards, fucking her big cunt with her own dildo.
She had obviously had plenty of thick cocks inside her - her cunt
was wide, but she obviously had good strong cunt myclenched it
round the dildo as I shoved it into her, making it slurp in and
out of my cunt, too. I could feel myself about to come, and I
started to thrust into Anne harder, making the plastic cock rub
against my clit even more. She started to pant as her climax
began, and Jackie started moaning softly, being brought closer
and closer to her orgasm with Anne's licking. We all came at the
same time, thrashing around in ecstasy, before I pulled out of
Anne and lay beside them, licking juices out of Jackie's cunt
then turning round to caress Anne's with my tongue.

We ended up staying all night, and had a few more sex sessions
on Anne's huge double bed, before going home in the morning. And
she paid us for the babysitting!

TEENAGE5

Hi! I'm Sandi, and by now I expect you will have read a bit about
me, so I won't bore you with the introductions! I thought I'd
tell you about some of the fun that me and my friend Jackie had
when we went on holiday a couple of years ago.

We were both taking our GCSE's that year, and we had been so busy
preparing for our exams that we had hardly had a chance to get
up to any of our naughty tricks, apart from the occasional
groping session with each other round at Jackie's. One day, just
before we were due to sit our last exams, Jackie had said to me,
"Why don't we go away on holiday together and relax after all
this studying?" I thought this was a great idea and together we
hatched a plan to get enough money together to go abroad (but
then you know about that if you've read my previous adventures).

We decided on Spain, since it would be nice and hot, and we had
been told that there was plenty of good crumpet out there (male
AND female), so off we went to the travel agents to see what sort
of cancellation offers they had, and came out having booked
ourselves 2 weeks in Majorca (well, it's nearly Spain!) leaving
the following week. We went home in a state of great excitement
to pack, looking forward to some sea, sun and, well, you can
probably guess the rest!

We arrived in Majorca to be greeted by beautiful hot sunshine,
quite unlike the wind and rain we'd left behind in England, and
we took a taxi to our hotel. When we arrived, we were shown to
our room, which was a nice double one with a balcony overlooking
the swimming pool. Straight away, we started to unpack and get
changed into something a bit cooler. But it wasn't going to be
as simple as that! I had just taken off my skirt and slipped my
knickers down, and was bending down to take them off completely
when I felt Jackie run a finger along my slit, starting just
below my bum and running it round to my hard little clit. Maybe
it was the fact that I hadn't had a good shagging in ages, or
perhaps it was the sunshine, but I suddenly felt so horny that
nothing else mattered. Within seconds, my pussy started to juice
up, and my little pink cunt lips started to grow more and more
engorged, pouting wetly. Jackie started to rub her fingers over
my labia, making them stiffen even more and causing my clit to
begin to swell and throb. I sighed in ecstasy and would have
fallen flat on my face on the floor if I hadn't been facing the
bed at the time. I lay there on my front, my feet on the floor
and my bum just hanging over the edge.

"Hang on a minute, Sandi", said Jackie, "I've got a surprise for
you." Then she went over to her suitcase and started rummaging
around in it. She was behind me, so I couldn't see what she was
up to, but it wasn't long before I found out! She walked back,
and started working her fingers along my slit, thrusting inside
my hole every now and then, really getting me steamed up. Then,
all of a sudden, I felt my cunt get stretched wide open as she
thrust something up me. I craned round to see her shoving one end
of her huge double dildo into me. I should have guessed what it
was, after all I'd bought it for her as a joke Christmas present,
but right now it was me that was getting all of the benefit from
it!

Then, as I craned my head round to watch, Jackie stood up on
tiptoe and held the end of the dildo to the opening of her cunt,
then lowered herself gently on to it, so she was straddling my
legs. The movement of her slipping onto the thick shaft that was
buried inside me made great waves of pleasure spread from my
cunt, and I moaned as she carried on impaling herself on her end
of the dildo. Because I had my legs closed around it, the stim-
ulation my cunt was getting was even better than usual, and as
Jackie started to pump it in and out of me I knew I couldn't hold
out long. She was crying out in ecstasy as the thick shaft slid
in and out of her and I had my face buried in the bedclothes as
the force of her thrusts pushed me back and forth on the bed,
which was rubbing my mound and clit up against the side of the
bed. My cunt started to contract round the dildo that was buried
inside me, clenching it as the waves of orgasm started to flow
from my juicy snatch. Then I cried out as my clit throbbed with
the force of my climax while Jackie kept on pumping away at my
cunt.

Just as I finished climaxing, I heard the door latch click. I
looked round to see the door opening and the maid looking in with
an expression of complete shock on her face. It was quite obvious
that she had never seen anybody being fucked before, let alone
two horny teenage girls like us. She stood there at the door for
an eternity before muttering what sounded like an apology in
Spanish before popping her head back round the door and closing
it.

Jackie grinned and said, "Well, I bet she wasn't expecting to see
this! I wonder what she's thinking now?". I replied, "Well, if
I was her, I'd be wondering how to get in on all the fun!". We
both laughed and Jackie said "Come on then, last one in the pool
gets to do all the licking tonight!" before climbing off me,
leaving the dildo sticking obscenely out of my cunt like a
flagpole. Carefully, I stood up and pulled it out of me, and made
a big show out of licking Jackie's end. "Mmmm, well if this is
anything to go by, Jackie, you can just rush on down there and
I'll follow you. I'd be quite happy to spend all night licking
you out the way this tastes!" With that, I started to get my
bikini on: I'd brought the skimpiest one I could find, and it
barely covered my cunt, and had a thin string that went up my bum
crack, with a top that pushed my firm tits up and together.

Five minutes later, we came out, and I locked the room as Jackie
started to walk down the corridor. As I walked down after her she
suddenly stopped and put her finger to her lips. "Shhh", she
whispered, and pointed to a door which was slightly ajar, "That
maid's in there, and I don't think she's making beds!". We both
peered through the crack and there was the maid who had come in
on our sex session, lying back on the bed, with her black dress
up round her waist and both hands obviously busy with her snatch.
Every now and then a little whimper escaped her lips as she tried
to bring herself off.

Before I could stop her, Jackie had barged into the room and as
I followed her in, she had gone straight over to the surprised
maid and, lifting her legs apart, had dived between them and was
licking and slurping away at her cunt. As I walked over to the
bed, I nearly tripped over the maid's knickers, where they had
been flung aside in her haste to start playing with herself. She
was obviously so surprised by the speed of Jackie's arrival that
she didn't have time to protest, and pretty soon she was really
getting into it.

Standing there behind Jackie, watching her gorgeous bum, barely
covered by her skimpy bikini bottoms, I started getting all
turned on again, and before I could stop myself, I had rushed
forward and pulled them down to expose her juicy cunt and soft
white arse. Holding her cunt lips apart with one hand, I started
fingering her snatch with the other. She was still so wet from
having had the dildo up her that I managed to slip first one,
then two, and finally three fingers up inside her hole, working
them in and out of her.

The maid was becoming more and more excited by what was being
done to her, and she was thrashing up and down as Jackie carried
on nuzzling her soaking gash with her tongue and lips, pushing
her fingers inside her tight cunt hole, then suddenly she came,
crying out in Spanish as she shook with the sensations that
Jackie was stimulating inside her. As she climaxed, Jackie
started to pant as the attention I was giving to her gash started
to bring her to orgasm. Panting and bucking her arse as she came,
she carried on licking the maid's juicy cunt until her climax hit
her and all she could do was to lie quivering on the bed. I think
the maid must have become a bit embarrassed about what was going
on, because she started to try and get up from the bed. Jackie
climbed out from between her thighs and said "What time do you
come off duty?" before she had a chance to go. The maid replied,
"At eight o'clock, after the dinner is being served".  "See you
in our room at eight, then. Do you understand?", said Jackie,
giving her a big wink, and reaching down to grope her sopping
snatch one last time. "Oh yes" replied the maid, nodding
urgently, "I understand good!" and quickly got up off the bed,
adjusting her skirt and starting to tidy up as Jackie and me went
out of the room.

We weren't really all that interested in swimming after all that,
but we went down and hung around in the pool, discussing what we
were going to do that evening. Jackie wasn't sure whether the
maid would come back, but I reckoned that she wouldn't be able
to resist one of Jackie's cunt-licking sessions now she'd had a
taster of what was on the way. At about 6 o'clock, we went back
inside to change before we went down and had dinner. We were
sitting in the restaurant when the same maid appeared at out
table, serving the dinner. Jackie gave her bum a sneaky grope
while she was serving up the food, and we were both surprised
when she smirked and patted her cunt through her uniform dress.

When we had finished our meal, we both rushed up to our room to
get ready. I could see that Jackie was as excited about the
evening ahead from the way she ran up the stairs and burst into
the room. We had about half an hour to get ready, and we both
went into the shower to cool off before changing into something
to suit the occasion. When we had finished, Jackie was wearing
a sleeveless T-shirt that exposed the sides of her boobs when she
leaned even slightly forward, not that anybody was going to
notice that, since she was wearing no knickers, and the T-shirt
barely went down over her pubes. I had a pair of shorts on, that
were cut really high at the sides, to show most of my juicy
little bum, and a cut-off T-shirt that just covered my tits,
leaving the bottoms of them peeking out underneath.

We had brought a couple of bottles of wine up with us, and we
decided to have a couple of glasses while we waited for the maid,
who had told us at dinner that she was called Maria, to arrive.
By 10 to 8 we were a little bit drunk, and were falling about on
the bed and giggling as we messed about with each other's young
bodies. "The trouble is", slurred Jackie, "that what I REALLY
need right now is some thick stiff dick up me!" "You'll have to
wait then, Jackie" I replied, "But we'll go out later and see
what we can find. Me, I'm just looking forward to teaching Maria
how to give a good licking.". Just as we spoke, there was a
gentle knock on the door. Me and Jackie rushed over to open it,
and Maria walked in. She had obviously come straight up from
work, because she was still wearing her uniform, and she quickly
shut the door behind her. "I must not be seen in the guests'
rooms," she explained, "or the manager, he will give me the
sack!".

Jackie went over and poured Maria a glass of wine, while she sat
down on the bed. "I am a little bit, how you say, nervous" she
said to me, "I think you should know I am virgin.". I gasped,
nearly choking on my wine: it had never occurred to me that
Maria, who looked about 25, might never have known the feeling
of a stiff thick cock sliding up her. "Well in that case," I
said, "we've got lots to show you then!", then I leaned forwards
and started to unbutton the front of her uniform, to let her
breasts swing free. I was a bit surprised to find that she wasn't
wearing a bra - her dark juicy tits nestled invitingly and I
couldn't wait to get my lips round one of her brown nipples.  I
carried on unbuttoning her dress, and when it was completely
undone, I opened it up. Maria was by now leaning back on the bed,
and was watching me with a look of interest as I started to
caress her brown body.

Kneeling on the floor between her legs, I took one of her
succulent tits in my hands, and gently started to nibble and suck
on her nipple. She gasped, and almost immediately, the nipple
started to harden and swell. Quickly, I turned my attentions to
the other breast, making Maria moan softly and I could feel her
breathing deepen as she started to relax into it. As I carried
on stimulating her tits, I could feel her pushing up with her
hips to rub her mound against my belly. I could feel my cunt
start to pulse as the blood rushed to it and, glancing sideways,
I saw Jackie sitting on a chair with her legs spread wide,
fingering her wet snatch. Maria still had her knickers on, and
I suddenly got the urge to bury my face in her muff, so I lifted
up her feet so they were on the edge of the bed, and started to
pull her panties down. She soon got the message, and lifted up
her bottom to let me remove them. As I slid them down, she
wriggled so that her head was at the other side of the bed, and
there was room for me to kneel between her warm inviting thighs.
With both thumbs I parted her labia and put my lips to her musky
cunt, inhaling her smell. Then I gently poked my tongue out and
slowly worked it up the length of her snatch, probing and
caressing every warm juicy fold as I made my way to her clit
which by the time I reached it was stiff and protruding. As my
tongue lashed across it, Maria let out a long shuddering moan,
then I felt her stiffen as she came, lifting her arse off the bed
and trembling as she revelled in the sensations my tongue was
giving her.

All this was making me extremely horny, and my cunt needed some
serious attention so, not sure what Maria would make of it, I
climbed onto the bed and straddled her face. Before I could lower
my cunt to her mouth, she said "I am sorry, Sandi, but I have not
done this thing before - I do not know what I must do.". "Don't
worry," I said, "Just stick your tongue out like this". I poked
out my tongue, making it pointed and stiff, "Then just let me do
all the work.". Maria stuck out her tongue, and carefully I
lowered my cunt so that it was just pushing at the entrance to
my pussy, then I started to move back and forth a tiny bit, just
enough to have Maria's tongue rub between my cunt hole and the
tight bud of my clit. "Mmmm", I heard her say then, letting her
head fall back so she could speak, she said, "Oh, Sandi, you
taste nice. I must lick you some more.". Well, it was obvious
that Maria was a natural at this sort of thing! Her tongue
started to rasp up and down, and from side to side, first pushing
into me, then licking me in great long strokes, then probing my
crevices. Before long, I could feel my legs trembling as my
climax started. I was desparate for her to lick my clit so she
could bring me off, but she was still working out what was what,
and her tongue carried on stimulating me enough to drive me crazy
with lust, but not enough to make me come.

Meanwhile, Jackie had got up and walked round between me, holding
the dildo. She lay on her front on the bed between Maria's
thighs, and in between gasps, I said "Don't hurt her, Jackie.
Remember she's never been fucked before." Jackie nodded, and I
went back to concentrating on the exquisite sensations that Maria
was creating in my pussy. I had never been turned on quite so
much without coming, and I could feel my climax rise, then
subside as Maria's questing tongue first flicked over, then moved
away from my throbbing clit. Then I heard Maria gasp and looked
round to see Jackie slipping two fingers into Maria's soaking
cunt. Slowly she started to fuck Maria with her fingers, sliding
them in and out before she suddenly pushed them right in. Maria
stiffened, then cried out as Jackie's fingers took her virginity
then, as Jackie's lips and tongue joined in on Maria's cunt, she
purred with pleasure and started to lick my horny snatch again.
Looking up for a moment, Jackie said "It's just how I lost mine,
and it's not so bad!", before picking up the dildo and sliding
the tip into Maria. I could feel Maria move her hips around as
she got used to the feeling of being filled up with a stiff cock,
even if it was a fake one, and before long, Jackie had got most
of Maria's half of the double dildo into her. Then, squatting
astride Maria's hips, Jackie placed her end inside the entrance
to her own pussy and in one quick movement slid the whole length
inside her. "Mmmmm, that feels so nice!", she murmured, and
started to pump herself up and down, holding on to me for
balance. I know what that dildo feels like up me, and I could
imagine what it was doing inside Maria's tight virgin cunt, and
she moaned and bucked with pleasure while she carried on licking
me out.

Jackie must have already been really turned on, because it wasn't
long before she was gripping me hard and really thrashing up and
down as her orgasm hit her. All this extra stimulation was
getting to Maria, because I could hear her sharp moans as each
thrust of the dildo drove it deep into her, rubbing her clit
against Jackie's as their hips thrashed around together. Jackie
must have made an extra big thrust then because Maria's head came
up and her mouth clamped around my cunt, her tongue lashing
across my clit and labia in a frenzy as she rocked with her
second climax of the evening. It was too much for me, and I let
go with my own orgasm, sobbing and crying out. It was the best
climax I had ever had, washing over me and making me rock and
shudder as each successive wave of pleasure hit me.

I suppose, what with all the noise we were making, somebody had
to have heard us, because for the second time since we had
arrived at the hotel, the door opened and two blokes walked in.
Both of them stood there, their eyes popping out of their heads
as they watched the three of us thrashing on the bed. After all
the sucking and fucking we'd been doing, the smell of sex filled
the room and I could see the bulges in their trousers as they
realised what was going on. "Come on then, lads,", I called out,
"Are you just going to stand there watching or what?". I climbed
off Maria, who was still lying totally knackered on the bed, and
went over to them.

Pushing the door shut behind them, I knelt on the floor and
started to undo the flies of the one nearest me. Pretty soon, I
had his trousers and briefs down round his ankles, and his stiff
cock in my hands. It was a long one, but I was surprised at how
slim it was, although it was extremely stiff. His foreskin had
rolled back slightly, exposing his purple helmet. I couldn't wait
any longer to taste him, so I opened my mouth and gobbled up his
entire length. Then, cupping his balls in my hand and squeezing
and caressing them gently, I started to suck on his cock, sliding
it in and out of my mouth, tickling the helmet and tracing all
the veins with my tongue. His friend struggled out of his
trousers and went round behind me, then without further ado just
slid his cock all the way into me. I could feel from the way my
cunt was stretched open that the prick that was fucking me was
most definitely a good thick one, just how I like them. He
started to get into his stride, pulling his cock right out of me
then ramming it all the way back in until his balls banged
against my thighs.

With the sucking I was giving his friend, it wasn't long before
I felt his cock stiffen and start to shoot come into my mouth.
With each spurt, I gripped his balls and squeezed every last drop
out of him, lapping it up and holding it in my mouth. As he
finished climaxing, the guy shagging my cunt started to pump
spurts of come up me too, grunting and gasping as my pussy walls
sucked him dry. "Come on, Sandi, let's have some of that come"
said Jackie, who had by now climbed off Maria, and was now lying
beside her, one hand stroking between her legs and one on her own
fanny as she watched me being fucked at both ends. I couldn't say
anything with my mouth full of semen, so I went over to her and,
holding her cunt lips open, dribbled it into her. "I meant, so
I can taste it!" she laughed. "You can", I replied, "out of MY
cunt. That's for Maria - we've got to consider her education, you
know!". Then I climbed onto the bed and lay back, legs spread
wide. Jackie went on all fours over me, so she could start
licking the come that had been pumped into my snatch. She lapped
it up while Maria knelt up on the bed to lick Jackie out, holding
her bum cheeks wide with both hands so she could bury her face
in Jackie's pussy - she had definitely got a taste for sperm!

She was so intent on this that she was totally unaware of the guy
who I had sucked off coming up behind her. Holding her cunt open
with one hand, he fed the tip of his cock into her. I could see
her face just above me, and from the look of pleasure that passed
across it, she was clearly enjoying her first cock - she was
getting quite an education! It was obviously a tight fit though,
because he was having to slip it in a little bit at a time,
although she was soaking wet, but with each thrust it slid in a
little further and I heard Maria uttering little grunts of
satisfaction. I heard the other guy tell his friend to move over
a bit, and he and Maria moved sideways. Then, inches above my
face, while Jackie licked my cunt clean, I watched the cock that
had fucked me so thoroughly slide smoothly into Jackie's greasy
cunt, then start pumping in and out. Not wanting to miss out on
the action, I pulled Jackie down towards me and started to lick
her clit, while her tongue probed my cunt. The thick prick
shafting her soon had the same effect as it had on me, and she
started to buck, pushing her arse up at her lover, moaning out
and shouting "Fuck me, oh that's lovely, mmm!" as she came. The
guy fucking her pulled his cock out as her climax finished, then
jerking himself off, he came all over her buttocks and cunt,
letting it drip down over my face. Quickly, I grabbed his cock
and sucked it clean, before starting on her rear.

My attention was diverted by Maria, who was really enjoying her
first fuck, and was crying out in Spanish as the guy shafting her
slid his cock in the last bit and had started to pump away at her
cunt. She was so tight that it didn't take long for her to start
coming again, and as her pussy contracted and relaxed, it set him
off, and with a couple more thrusts he started coming. Before he
could shoot his sperm inside her, he too pulled out and came over
her bum, shooting jets of thick white come across her cheeks so
they ran down her bum crack. Jackie climbed off me and rushed
round to lick it up before I could get to it, and had slid under
Maria and was licking the come off her while she finished off the
job I had started on Jackie.

What a wonderful start to our holiday!

TEENAGE6

My name's Sandi and I expect that you've probably heard all about
me and my adventures by now! My last story was about my holiday
in Majorca that I went on after my exams, and I thought you might
like to hear a bit more about the fun that me and my friend
Jackie had while we were out there.

After a day or two, we had got used to the bright sunshine, and
we started getting down to getting ourselves nicely tanned. Every
afternoon we'd go off and find ourselves a nice quiet secluded
spot, and strip off for an afternoon of nude sunbathing - there's
nothing I like more than the feeling of warm sun on my pussy!
What with the warm sun and the all-night partying in the bar, we
were too sleepy in the afternoons to be getting up to anything,
so we'd just lie there and soak up the sun, getting up every now
and then for a quick dip and to rub suntan oil over each other.

I was lying there dozing on about the fourth afternoon, when
something woke me up, and I looked across to where Jackie had
been lying, but she had gone, leaving all her things, including
her bikini top. I got up and looked around to see whether she had
gone for a swim, but there was no sign of her anywhere. Then I
heard voices coming from behind a dune and I ran over and
scrambled up to see who it was. There was Jackie, with her bikini
pulled down round her ankles, being shafted by a bloke I had
never seen before. Standing in front of her was another guy who
had his prick in her mouth enjoying being sucked off by my
friend. I wasn't used to watching Jackie in action from the
sidelines, and I just lay there on the dune, looking over the
brow as she moaned and gasped with the fucking she was getting
at both ends.

The guy behind her had an enormous cock, which was so thick it
was obviously stretching her cunt to the limit, and when he
pulled it out to thrust it back inside her, I gasped as I saw how
long it was - no wonder she was enjoying it so much! As I
watched, I saw him start to come, and his thrusting became faster
and more urgent. Then, grunting with each stroke, he started to
pump his spunk into Jackie's eager snatch before pulling his
thick shaft out of her, still pumping his hot come as his cock
slid out of her in a rush of juices, and I watched his cock shoot
a last few spurts over her bum cheeks. Even from where I was
watching, I could see that his cock was covered in slippery
juices, and my mouth watered at the thought of sucking that huge
tool back to stiffness, but something made me stay and watch as
Jackie reached round behind her and rubbed the sticky come all
over her arse.

Meanwhile, Jackie had been really sucking on the other guy's
prick, sliding it in and out of her mouth, licking and nibbling
his shaft, and tickling his helmet with the tip of her tongue.
But before he could come, Jackie slid him out of her mouth and
turned round, lying her face on the warm sand, poking her bum in
the air and spreading her cunt lips as wide as she could with
both hands. "Fuck my cunt," I could hear her say, "Stick your
cock up me, I want you to come inside me.". He quickly obliged
and his prick slid easily into her soaking gash before he started
to pump away at her. She looked up and I just heard her say to
the other guy "Come here, and let me taste your come." He stood
in front of her, holding his still limp prick in his hand, and
she took it into her mouth and started to suck on it. The guy
fucking her from behind was thrusting so hard that with each
stroke her face pushed forwards into the other guy's groin, and
I could see the guy's cock harden as she carried on licking and
slurping it. Before too long, he'd had more than he could take,
and he started to spurt into Jackie's mouth. She had her lips
around the head of his cock as he came, sucking every last drop
of come from him and swallowing every drop.

Watching all this horny action had started to make my own cunt
extremely aroused, and I slipped a hand down the front of my
bikini bottom and started to frig myself. As my juices started
to flow, I slipped a finger inside my love hole, teasing the
entrance with it, then I licked my juices off my finger. That
only made me more horny, and I pulled my bikini bottoms off
before kneeling up just far enough down the dune that they
couldn't see me. Taking my weight on one elbow, I started
fingering my snatch as I watched Jackie still being fucked. Then
I decided that there was no way I was going to miss out when
there was hot cock on offer, and I scambled round the dune so I
was behind them and crept up behind the guy who was shafting my
friend and lay down on my back between his feet.

What with all the noise Jackie was making, neither of them nor
the other guy who was still recovering on the sand in front of
Jackie realised I was there. I carefully slid between the guy's
legs until I could see his thick cock plunging in and out of
Jackie's tight teenage snatch and I lay there for a moment,
enjoying the sight. Then I stuck my tongue out, making it into
a little point then I lifted my head up and gently started to
tickle Jackie's clit with it. Perhaps it was because she had been
fucked for nearly half an hour without climaxing, or maybe it was
just surprise, but she stiffened and gasped as I lapped at her
little bud. I could see her cunt start to clench around the shaft
that was pumping in and out of her, but the guy was so intent on
the shafting he was giving Jackie, he still hadn't realised I was
there, so I started licking further and further down Jackie's
damp slit until my tongue was half on Jackie's cunt lips and half
on his shaft, which rubbed against my tongue as it slid in and
out of Jackie. Then he must have realised what was going on,
because he paused for a moment, before he started thrusting into
Jackie again.

Each time he pulled out, I could see his helmet almost come right
out of her snatch, and I suddenly had an idea. The next time he
pulled out, I grabbed his prick and pulled it down. It plopped
out of Jackie's cunt, but he had thrust forwards again before he
realised what was happening, and I put my mouth against it and
pushed it up against Jackie's slit so it slid along her,
lubricated by her juices, while I tongued the underside, and
cupped his balls in my hand. He only thrusted for a couple more
strokes before I heard Jackie start to cry, "God, I'm coming, put
that cock inside me, oh God!" Just before she came, I pushed the
guy's cock back up so it was positioned at her hole as he thrust
and it slid back into her while I returned to tonguing her clit.
I watched as she pumped her arse backwards, thrusting the big
cock that was shafting her deeper into her juicy cunt. Then she
came, covering my face in her come and rubbing her clit
frantically against my tongue and lips, and wriggling to push the
prick deeper inside her.

Then it was my turn to be surprised - I felt someone grasp my
legs just below the knees, then spread them wide. Then I felt my
legs being hooked over someone's shoulders, and something started
to push up against my wet and waiting cunt. With a start, I
realised that the guy who had been lying on the sand recovering
from Jackie's blow job must have crept round and now that cock
that I had watched penetrating Jackie's little pussy was now
pushing its way into mine. It was so big that I felt myself being
stretched wider and wider as the head forced its way inside me.
Even though my slit was covered in juices, the cock was so big
that the guy fucking me was having to ease it into me a little
at a time. I felt him start to finger my clit then all of a
sudden, my cunt opened up and his prick slid smoothly into me.
It was huge, at least as big as my favourite vibrator, only this
one was warm and throbbing, and I felt completely filled up by
it - my cunt was stretched as wide as it would go. I felt
completely at his mercy: with my legs over his shoulders, my cunt
was completely exposed and there was nothing I could have done
to stop him fucking me, even if I had wanted to.

By the time he had got his cock up me and was starting to thrust
into my snatch, Jackie's climax had just about finished, and I
started to lick her gash again, tasting her musky juices and
stimulating her clit back into stiffness. Then I realised that
although Jackie had come, the guy fucking her hadn't, so I gently
pulled Jackie's hips forwards and eased his cock out of her hole,
then I took his length in my mouth, and started to suck on him.
This got him pumping again, and I let his cock slide out of my
mouth and held it against Jackie's slit again, so that the head
slid along her clit with each thrust. I positioned my head so
that every time he thrust, I could lick his helmet and before too
long I felt his thrusts become irregular as his come welled up
from his balls and his cock stiffened even more as he got closer
to coming.

Meanwhile, the guy fucking me was pumping away for all he was
worth, and with every thrust I felt his huge balls bump against
the backs of my thighs. He was starting to pant as well, and the
thought of that gigantic cock pumping its load into me as well
as the fingering my clit was getting started to get me going.
Jackie's cunt wasn't missing out either, as the other guy carried
on pumping away at her slit, and I wondered who was going to come
first. I didn't have to wait long to find out! The guy fucking
me suddenly cried out and I felt him slam his cock right into me
then it just started pumping come into my overfilled pussy. That
was it for me, and my hips bucked towards him and I started to
come as well, trying to hold my head still so I could carry on
licking Jackie and the other guy but it was all too much and I
was moaning and shouting as each spurt of his thick come sprayed
into me and I was rubbing my mouth up and down Jackie's pussy,
setting her off. Then the other guy started to spurt his load,
which shot all over my face, and I started sucking his helmet to
get as much of his come into my mouth as I could while Jackie
rubbed her cunt against my face to bring herself off again.


As we all finished, Jackie climbed off me and turned round to
lick the come off my face, where it had been sprayed in thick
white strands. Then the guy fucking me pulled out, and I felt the
come he had injected up me start to dribble out. It wasn't long
before Jackie realised what she was missing out on, and she was
straight in there, lapping up every last drop.

Well, after that lot we were too exhausted to do anything for the
rest of the day, so after a quick dip to wash off any come we'd
missed on each other, we went and lay down to continue our
interrupted sunbathing.

TEENAGE7

This is an extra-special TEENAGE story, as it is the first time
I have ever written one in response to an idea from someone else.
Just so nobody thinks I'm trying to take ALL the credit, the idea
for this story comes from someone called Andy (I'll spare his
blushes and not say which Andy!).

                                  oOo

It had been a long journey, and I was pleased to get to the hotel
and rest. I was lying on the settee, with my back to the door,
just dozing off. I had showered and changed into the latex gear
that had been left for me in the room and my suitcase was lying
open on the bed waiting for me to unpack it. The dress was low-
cut, with a zipper down the back which I had left undone down to
my waist for comfort, while under it I was wearing a pair of soft
latex knickers together with a pair of rubber stockings, held up
with a suspender belt of similar material - not normally the sort
of things I would wear, but then a girl's got to earn a crust
somehow, hasn't she?

I must have drifted off to sleep, because I started to dream that
my breasts were being stroked. It was just the feeling I wanted,
and I slid down on the settee so I was lying along it. Then,
quite suddenly, I felt a cool wet sensation accompanying the
stroking. I awoke, and realised that it was not a dream at all -
 a man had come into the room and was kneeling beside me,
smearing a tube of KY jelly over my breasts through the dress,
kneading them and tweaking the nipples through the rubber. I
purred with pleasure and arched my back to push my tits out for
more of this sensual massage, before sitting up. He helped me to
my feet, then turned me round so my back was facing him, then he
slowly undid the belt, then reached round behind me and rolled
the dress down so that it was round my waist. Then I felt his
hands reach round me and cup my breasts, covering them in KY
jelly which he smoothed over my skin, making them sensitive and
slippery. As he stroked them, he kept tweaking my nipples, which
soon became erect, throbbing and tingling as they grew stiffer.
Then he pulled my dress down to the floor, and I stepped out of
it, leaving only my kinky underwear, which he started to stroke
the outside of, covering it in KY jelly and making it extremely
slippery. The rubber that the knickers were made of was so thin
that it was as if I wasn't wearing anything as the guy rubbed and
stroked every private fold and crevice through the rubber,
concentrating particularly on my now throbbing snatch. By now,
I was beginning to get particularly horny myself: every now and
again, his hand would brush across my stiff clit, and the
sensations would surge through my whole body. I started to moan
softly, writhing around with pleasure as his fingers rubbed and
aroused my most sensitive areas time and again.

Just as I thought I was going to climax, the tantalising massage
stopped. I looked round to see what was going on, and watched my
mystery lover clambering out of his clothes. Last to go were a
pair of tight briefs, in which were outlined every detail of a
stiff throbbing cock. That really got my juices flowing, and I
could feel the dampness spreading inside the knickers. He slipped
the briefs off and I was rewarded with the sight of a fully erect
prick swinging free. Before I could do anything, he had come up
behind me, and slid a hand inside the panties. I could feel that
his fingers were covered in cool slippery KY jelly, and as he
probed around inside my knickers, the jelly was being spread all
over my cunt, until he found my soaking slit. The other hand,
also covered in KY, slipped inside the knickers, and while he
held my pussy open with the first hand, the other one smeared the
slippery gel all over my already juiced up snatch.

It was all too exciting, and I suddenly felt the urge to have his
face buried in my pussy. I took his wrists and pulled his hands
out of my panties, then turned round and just said, "Lie down -
I want you to tongue me now." WIthout a word, he got down on the
floor with his stiff prick sticking up, and lay back. Slowly, I
slid the panties down then, totally naked except for a lot of KY
and the stockings, I knelt with a leg each side of his face and
lowered my musky pussy over his face. His hands gripped my pelvis
and pulled me down to him, and he started to lick me out
frantically, his rough tongue making long wet strokes from one
end of my wet slit to the other, then probing and questing until
it found my aching clit, which he licked and licked before
returning to the rest of my cunt, pausing occasionally to push
inside my hole, which was now completely covered in KY and love
juice, which he was lapping up.

I leaned forwards and took his stiff cock in my fist. Wanking it
up and down a few times, I watched with satisfaction as the
helmet twitched and a little drop of come appeared at the tip.
I knew I was going to enjoy this! I lowered my head to his cock,
and licked up and down the shaft, nibbling the skin, and flicking
my tongue across the helmet. Then I opened my mouth and enveloped
the head, pushing down until the whole length was inside, before
sucking and licking his shaft, slipping it in and out of my mouth
and relishing the feeling of this big hot prick twitching and
jerking as I sucked him off.

But once again, before I could come - and by now I was desperate
for an orgasm - he rolled me off him so I was lying on my back 
next to him, but still with his cock in my mouth. He pulled out
of me, and knelt between my thighs, his stiff and now saliva-
covered cock pointing directly at the entrance to my cunt. He
moved forward a little, and I felt the head of his prick nudge
my cunt lips apart and start to push into my love hole. It was
just the feeling I was desperate for, and it was all I could do
to hold off coming as the movement of his cock at the entrance
of my cunt made my cuntlips rub on my sensitive clit. Ever so
slowly, he slid his cock into me, pushing it in a little, then
pulling it out slightly before pushing it in a bit further. I was
on the brink of a huge climax, but still he wouldn't take me all
the way. Having got his prick inside me, he started to slide it
gently in and out. Lubricated by all the juices, it slid smoothly
between my cunt walls, almost as if there was no friction at all
- just enough to make me even hornier that I already was.
Eventually, there was nothing I could do to hold back and, crying
out as the climax hit I came, thrusting my hips up at him and
thrashing about as wave after wave of intense pleasure hit me and
with each thrust I could feel his shaft moving inside me and
rubbing my cuntlips while my clit rubbed against his pubes and
I gasped and cried out time and again before the sensations
slowly subsided, leaving me limp and completely satiated.

But it wasn't for long. He hadn't climaxed, and it seemed that
having given me one huge orgasm, he wasn't going to leave it at
that! His cock was still inside me, and he started to pump much
more vigorously than before, shoving his cock right in so his
balls bumped against my bum cheeks then pulling it right out and
rubbing the head up and down my gash and over my clit before
thrusting it back in again. I pulled his face down to mine, and
kissed him, tasting my own juices on his tongue. Still he kept
pumping away, and it wasn't long before I felt my cunt start to
clench around his prick as my second orgasm loomed only seconds
away. Sensing that I was about to come, he reached down with one
hand, and started to tickle my clit as he pumped away at me,
taking me over the edge for the second time. This time it was
even better than before, and as he rode me I felt his cunt walls
grip his shaft as he slid in and out of me. My cuntlips became
even more engorged and stiff, opening up wide then with a rush
of juices I came again, rolling around and bucking furiously,
reaching round and pulling him further into me to make the
sensations even stronger.

Just as my orgasm finished, he pulled out of me, and he climbed
out from between my thighs, his cock slippery and shiny, covered
in my juices. He turned me over, and put me in a kneeling
position with my bum up in the air. I was too overcome with my
climaxes to do anything about it, and anyway, I felt so shameless
kneeling there with my bum in the air exposing my juicy tight
pussy to a total stranger that I started to feel quite horny
again. I reached round and spread my cunt wide, and said "Mmmm,
come on then, make me come again!". Nothing happened for a while,
then I realised that he had found the dildos which were lying in
my suitcase. I quivered in anticipation, willing him to choose
the largest one which I knew was just what I needed up me right
now. I was surprised when I felt something nudge against the
entrance to my cunt, though - it was too hard and metallic to be
a dildo or a real cock, and it wasn't until I felt a rush of cool
wetness that I realised that he had just squirted the rest of the
tube of KY up my cunt and over my bottom. I felt him fingering
my snatch and rubbing the jelly over my bum cheeks and tight
bumhole, scraping it into my crack and massaging it into my pink
rosebud. Then I felt the familiar sensation of my favourite sex
toy, an enormous vibrating dildo, covered in veins and with a
bulbous helmet, push between my cunt lips, opening my cunt up as
wide as it would go. Covered in KY, my pussy squelched and
slurped as he slid the huge dildo up me, then started it pumping
in and out of my eager snatch. I was just beginning to wonder
whether I should tell him how to switch it on when he must have
found the switch - the dildo burst into life, buzzing and
throbbing inside me. I didn't think that the sensations could get
any better, then I felt a finger slide slowly into my slippery
bumhole, then start to rub the side of the huge vibrator from
inside me. Once again, I couldn't hold back any longer against
the delicious sensations inside me, and with my cunt poking up
in the air and a false cock sticking out of it, and with a finger
up my anus, I started to tremble with lust. Then I came like a
train, rocking around, gasping and crying out and begging him to
fuck me harder with the dildo. Then, before my orgasm had
finished, the dildo was pulled out, and I felt him positioning
the head of his cock inside me, before pushing it up me with one
thrust which slid it all the way in. He started to ride me, and
I pushed my bum up into his groin as his cock slammed repeatedly
into my cunt. Then I felt the warm juice-covered vibrator teasing
across my breasts, stimulating my nipples again. Somehow the
climax never finished, and I could still feel waves of lust and
pleasure breaking over me with each thrust of the cock that was
pushed up me. The constant clenching of my pussy round his shaft
must have become too much, because quite suddenly, I felt the guy
stiffen and gasp then his cock grew bigger inside me, started to
twitch, then started to pump great gushes of hot come deep inside
my waiting snatch. The feeling of his semen spurting into me just
finished me off, and I felt my cunt throb and clench as it pumped
every last drop of his precious come out of his thick cock.

Totally exhausted, I toppled over with him still inside me, and
we lay there for what seemed like ages before he gently slid out
of me and helped me off with the rest of my rubber gear, before
we went into the bathroom and washed the juices and KY of each
other's bodies. Well, actually, we LICKED the juices of each
other's bodies, THEN had a bath - some things are too good to
waste.

--
