TEENAGER LOVE

Julian had decided that this was it.  He had done that once before,
back when he dated Carrie.  He had bought a pack of condoms, and
gathered all his courage, and then, when the moment came, he had
chickened out.  He was furious with himself then, but now he was glad.
Back then, he had put on all those condoms, one at a time, in the days
following his defeat.   The episode had given him some much needed
practise.  It wouldn't do to fumble like he had with the first few when
Susan was watching.  And this time, it was it.  Susan was coming over
to do homework, and they would be all alone in the house all Sunday.
Julian had bought his second pack of condoms.  This day they would go
all the way.

Shortly after Susan arrived, they were in his bed.  He was finger
fucking her as usual, and she was giving him a hand job.  He had not
brought it up at the outset as he had intended, and he was getting kind
of close.  Now or never.
"Susan?  Would you like to go all the way?"
Susan didn't like that at all.  She increased the speed of her wanking.
Better get him off before this got unpleasant.
"That's not a good idea."
"Wouldn't you like to try the real thing?"
"Julian, are we really ready for this?"
He delayed his answer with a kiss, and kept upping the speed.  When she
let him, he said:
"Yes.  I love you.  You love me, you've said so."
"Oh I do!"
She kissed him again, and held the kiss.  At last he pushed her head
away.
"Susan!  Slow down!  Stop!  I'm gonna aaaaahhhh"
He sent large quantities of a white, sticky goo flying out into the
world.

Bitch!  Bitch bitch bitch!  BITCH!  She'd done that on purpose, he was
sure of that.  Well, he'd get it up again soon enough.  No, soon but
not soon enough.  They would be downstairs doing homework, and he would
never get her back to bed today.  He had to make his move now.  But
which move?

"I'm sorry I came, but I know a way to get it up again in no time.  We
can still do it."
He got a long, white scarf from a drawer.
"What are you going to do with that thing?"
By way of answer, he caught her right hand and quickly tied the end of
the scarf around her wrist.  She flailed her left arm wildly, but he
caught it and, being stronger than her, forced her arms together above
her head and tied them together.  He laid her down on the bed, face
down, her knees resting on the floor, and tied the scarf to the bedpost
on the far side.

He went to his parents's bedroom and got the hairbrush from the
dresser.  Then he got the spanking strap from the upstairs broom
closet.  When he was about to close the door, the long forgotten cane
caught his eye.  Might as well bring it along.  In the bedroom, Susan
had climbed on the bed and was untying the knots with her teeth.
"Oh no you don't!"
He pulled her down by one foot and tightened the knots.

"Do you know what really turns me on?  Spanking!  I always get a hardon
watching someone spanked" (as long as I'm safe myself, he added
silently.)  "No matter how spent I am, a good spanking will always get
it up.  Now I'll spank you, and then we do it."
"Oh Julian!  Don't!"
He showed her the brush.
"This is what we got when we were little.  Well, when we were really
small, we got this."
He brought his flat hand down hard on her right buttock.  She flinched
and ouched.
"But that's so long ago I don't really remember."
She'd felt that.  He had expected a 16 year old to be totally
unconcerned about a hand spanking.  He had been wrong!  He gave her one
more slap, and got a satisfactory reaction, both from Susan and from
his dick.  He gave some more.
"Julian, it hurts!"
"Of course it hurts, that's why it's called a spanking."
He cringed inside at his own remark.  Well, not all your lines can be
epigrams of deep wisdom.  His hand was beginning to sting, so he
stopped after a few more.
"And when we got a little older, we got this," showing her the
hairbrush, "and now we're getting this" the strap "and this" the cane
"is what our dad got when he was a kid.  He says we're lucky we don't
get it, but that's just dad.  It's always the same:  he had it sooo
rough and we are sooo lucky.  Don't believe a word of it.  What do you
get?"
"Julian!"
"I've shown you mine, now you show me yours."
"Well, mostly just the hand.  Or the paddle, a special spanking paddle.
Sometimes daddy's belt."

Julian was really hot now.
"Didn't I tell you that this would get me ready in no time?  It worked
like a dream!"
He put a condom on.  Then he ran his hand between Susan's legs.  He was
worried that her cunt would be all closed up like he had read about in
those doctor books, but it was as open and as wet as it had ever been
when he finger fucked her.  He shoved his rubberclad dick inside her.
At one point there was a bit of resistance, but it all but evaporated
before his thrust.  Susan flinched ever so slightly, and that was it.
He paused to get used to the sensation of heat and pressure all along
his dick.  Then it hit him.  He was fucking.

Oh Glory!!!  He was fucking!  He, Julian F. Dorkmann, was actually
fucking!  FUCKING!!!!  At long last he was really fucking!  What was
more, he was fucking Susan, Susan the great looker, Susan who he had
been drooling over even when he dated Carrie, Susan who had told him
that she loved him, Susan who most boys of the school had on their top
ten most fuckable list!  His hips initiated thrusting motions without
authorisation from his conscious will.
"Oh Susan!  This is great!  Great!  Fantastic!  Nothing's ever been
this great!."
He loved those little movements Susan made to grind her clit against
the bed.
"Oh Julian, Julian, Julian!"
He came.  Far too soon he came.  He lay spent beside her. He twirled
and pinched her clit gently between two fingers the way he knew she
liked it (yet another way in which she was so very different from
Carrie).

When she had come, he got up and got rid of the condom.
"I'm sorry I came so fast.  That was great!  We'll do it again soon,
won't we?" he said, starting to untie her.  Then he realised he didn't
need to.
"Susan!  We can do it again right now!  I can get it up again!  I need
only spank you!  Hey!  We can do this all day!"
"Oh Julian, don't spank me.  Can you really do it all day?"
"There's only one way to find out.  Let's try!  Know what, we'll call
it a science project.  That way you won't need to lie when your mom
asks what we've been doing."
"I don't like it, Julian."

Julian picked up the brush.  He gave Susan's left ass-cheek a good,
solid smack.  He gave her a few more.
"Not so hard, please Julian."
He tried putting a bit more force behind the next blow.  Finding this
kind of blow more satisfactory,  he continued in this style.  At first
Susan tried to take it with dignity.  Then she started pleading, but
shortly changed to badmouthing him.
"Julian, you idiot!  Do you really think you'll get away with this?",
"I'll see you behind bars for this!" and so on and so forth.  In the
rare cases where she had badmouthed him when they were cuddling after
petting, he had had some success with shutting her up by playing with
her cunt again.  He tried it now, and it worked like a charm.

Susan was furious.  She hadn't minded the hand spanking.  She had been
surprised and a bit angry that Julian had used so much force, each blow
had been as bad as when mommy spanked her, but the blows had been few,
and kind of a turn on.  When he started with the brush, she had thought
that he wanted her to know what it felt like, to share the experience.
She had found that kind of sweet.  The brush hurt, but it was not as
bad as that paddle mommy used when she decided that an especially
severe punishment was in order.  Then he just went on and on.  She had
never been subject to anything like this.  At home, the dreaded paddle
would only come out as part of a hand spanking.  Sometimes mommy would
only show it to Susan.  Usually she would get four whacks with it, on
rare occasions six.  Her very worst spanking ever had been when, at
different points during a long hand spanking, she had got three series
of four for three separate offences.  How she had begged to avoid that
third helping!!  This was getting to be as bad.

Also, something was dawning on her.  Something decidedly unpleasant.
Susan had long since made up her mind that once she decided to rid
herself of her virginity, it would be with Julian's aid, but she had
expected to be the one to decide when!  She had told him no.  (She had,
hadn't she?  She had!  She was certain of it.)  She had told him no,
and he had tied her up, and shoved it in.  She'd been raped!  The
Julian she thought she knew as a kindhearted boy had turned out to be a
rapist!  She had believed that Julian loved her, and he had raped her.
It could be worse.  It could have been a stranger.  At least she was
certain that Julian wouldn't kill or maim her.  Yet a few minutes ago,
she had been just as sure that he wouldn't rape her.  Good!  Her
protest had made him stop.  What now?  The fool was putting his hand
between her legs!
"You jerk!  Do you think I'm in the mood after what you did to me!"
As his hand traced her dripping crack, she realised that she was in the
mood.  When his fingers connected with her clit, she shuddered.  She
was shocked.  How could she be this aroused and not know?  It was only
a few seconds work for his deft fingers to push her the last tiny bit
of the way into an orgasm that relegated the one she'd had just after
Julian took her to being the second best of her life.

Julian was surprised and delighted.  What he had hoped for was that ire
would slowly give way to pleasure.  What had happened was that her clit
had worked like a mute button!  And then she came!  She rarely came
this soon after coming.  And this had looked like a big one.  He
contined working on her cunt while considering what to do.  Finger
fucking Susan was really neat and certainly arousing, but it would take
forever to get him ready again this way.  Then he saw a possibility.
No harm in trying.

Susan felt Julian removing his hand from between her legs.  Another
hand felt its way along the front of her left thigh, and started
working on her sex.  The heat in her seat and that in her sex were of
very different kinds, yet seemed to be working themselves into a kind
of compound.  He leaned across her for a moment.  Only when the brush
hit her right buttock did she realise that this had been to pick it up.
That brush hurt!!  She didn't manage to say anything, she was so
surprised.  Another blow connected, then Julian started moving around,
still using his fingers on her sex.  Oh those fingers!!  He sure knew
how to use those fingers.  She hoped that the spanking was over, then,
when the brush hit her left buttock, realised that he had been getting
into a better spanking position.  How to stop him?  As the spanking
went on she tried to decide what to say, what would be most effective
She had to stop this!  This must stop!  Only not now, not right
now.

This technique worked real good!  Susan ouched and owed and whimpered
at the blows, but didn't speak or struggle.  Then she came.  Julian was
thrilled.  Three times in how long?  Less than half an our, that's
certain.  She'd never done that before.  He continued.  When she came
again, he was rather hot, but he wanted to see if he could get her to
come once more.  It didn't take long.  He gave her three or four more
blows, just to get her really hot.

Susan was in pain, the worst pain she had known, and it kept getting
worse.  That was some vicious brush!!  She wanted to tell Julian to
stop, but whenever she tried, different phrases were competing for her
voice, phrases like "Be nice and stop now, Julian,"  "Stop this right
now or you'll regret it, you brute," and "Oh this feels so great."  She
was unable to speak.  She wept and wished for the spanking to stop.
Let it stop now, please please let it stop, oh let it stop.  NO!  It
had stopped.  Julian was withdrawing his left hand, and had stopped
hitting her.  Why oh why did he stop?  She wanted to tell him to go on,
but was as unable as she had been of telling him to stop.  Oh no, what
did he want to stop for?  The answer was not long in coming.

Julian found his second fuck as great as his first.  Better, even.  He
new what to expect and could savour the feelings more.
"Oh Susan!  I love you so, I love you so much!" he said, believing it
the appropriate thing to say in these situations.
"Julian!  Oh Julian my Julian my Julian,"  Susan answered.
The best thing about this second fuck was that it lasted much longer.
Julian only came after a long time of concentrated fucking.

Julian got rid of the condom, then lay a while looking at the strap. He
had seen this strap used often, though not as often as he had felt it.
His parents were firm believers that kids who made trouble together
should be punished together.  They always took the youngest first,
giving the oldest an extra punishment in the form of a preview. Julian,
being second of four brothers, had often had to watch one or both of
his younger brothers get part of what he himself had coming, knowing
that he, being older, would get more.  That would always make his dick
shrivel up when it happened, but thinking about it afterwards always
had the opposite effect.  That such thoughts now only caused the
slightest stirring feeling in his dick was proof that even when you're
17, even when you're a man on your lifetime pinnacle of sexual stamina,
three shots in little more than an hour will take their toll.

He picked up the strap.  He tried to use it on Susan's blushing ass the
way he had seen his dad use it.  It took a few blows before he got the
hang of it.  Susan seemed to think them painful, but she did not react
as did his brothers (Julian would had found it very difficult to
describe what his own reactions to the strap looked like from the
outside), and it did not sound right.  Then he got it right.  He hit
Susan's ass with a very satisfactory SMACK, and she howled.  He tried
to repeat this success, and succeeded  with respect to the sound.
Susan, not taken by surprise this time, didn't howl, but yelled:
"Julian!!  Not like that!"
"That's the way.  I didn't know how to do it at first, that's all."
Again she tried for dignity, this time very briefly.  Then she yelled
bloody murder and pulled on the scarf, making the bed shake and creak.
Julian stopped and massaged her clit, which did shut her up, though not
imidiately.  What next?  He could not finger her cunt and still have
room to swing the strap.  He settled for a rhythm of a few blows and
then a moment of clunt stimulation.  This kept her quiet. Didn't make
her come, though.  He started with two blows at a time, then went to
three, then four.  Susan started crying hard.  Julian decided to try
simply strapping, and it worked.  Susan was crying her eyes out, but
she didn't speak or struggle.

Julian found the strap an incredible turn on.  Using this instrument,
which had given him such pain in the past and would cause him so much
in the future, on somebody else was simply fantastic.  Not long after
Susan started bawling, he was quite hot, but this was simply too good
to stop.  It was great.  Greater than fucking?  No, but almost as good.
He had better stop.  He would be doing this again later today, to get
it up again.  He had got it up now, he was very hot, more blows were in
a way a waste.  He'd stop now, only one more.  And one more.  And then
he just had to give her one more.

When he finally stopped, he put on a condom and plunged straight in
without preliminary.  He had not fucked her long when Susan came.  That
was fantastic for Julian.  He had made her come by fucking her!  He had
made her come with his hand countless times, but making her come with
his dick, just by fucking her, that was the mark of a great lover.
Julian liked being a great lover.  The feeling as her cunt spasmed
around his dick was also neat.  Too bad it would make him come.

But it didn't.  He fucked to his hearts content, and it felt great, and
he didn't come.  He fucked and fucked and fucked and fucked.  This was
the meaning of life.  This must be what life was all about.  Life
should always be like this.
"Oh Julian, Julian,"  Susan said.  Julian came up with a suitable
answer for that one without overtaxing his intellect:
"Oh Susan, Susan, Susan, Susan, Susan, Susan, Susan."

Eventually he did come.  He recognised the signs, familiar from their
many petting sessions, that Susan needed to come.  He gave her what
little help was necessary.  He got up and got rid of the condom.  He
had never felt so spent!  He tried picturing his father working on his
youngest brother with the strap.  For the very first time ever, this
provoked no response from his dick.  He visualised Susan having her ass
processed by her father with a doubled up belt.  He was worried when he
got the same lack of reaction.  He had never been this far from being
horny (except perhaps the day he had jerked off eight times just to
prove that he could.)  His dick was sore.  His balls were aching ever
so slightly.  Going on offered no pleasure.  Oh the sacrifices we make
for the sake of science.

He picked up the cane.
"Now let's see if this is really as bad as my dad says."
Oh goody!  He was getting feint but unmistakable signals that the good
ol' one-eyed trousersnake was not quite dead yet.  Then, as he was
lifting his arm for the first blow, Susan said:
"Oh Julian!  Are we really going to do this all day?"
That's when it hit him.  That's when he realised his mistake, his
glaring oversight, the fatal flaw in his glorious scheme.
"Oh no!  Susan, I'm sorry," he said, his voice full of despair welling
up from deep within his heart.  "I'm so sorry!  I only bought ten
condoms!!"

THE END
