TEENAGE4

Hi! I'm Sandi. In my previous stories I've told you about the fun
I had with our games teacher, and the time we caught someone
listening in on us while me and my friend Jackie were talking
about our sex lives. This story is all about the time we decided
to do a bit of babysitting to earn some money.

Jackie and me decided that we were going to go on holiday to
Greece together, to get ourselves nicely tanned and maybe try to
get some meaty Greek cocks inside us while we were there. So that
we could get some more money together, we decided to do some
babysitting. We put an advert in the window of the local news-
agent, and we waited to see what would happen. About a week
later, a phone call came. It was a woman who lived not far away,
who was going out that Saturday night and needed someone to
babysit.

We arrived at the house at about seven o'clock, and I rang the
bell. The door was opened by this gorgeous brunette, about 28,
who said "Oh, you must be Jackie and Sandi. Hi, my name's Anne.
Come in, I'm nearly ready." She showed us into the living room,
which had a huge sofa and a lovely thick shag-pile carpet (now,
I wonder why they call it that?).

"This is the drinks cabinet", she said, "although I guess you two
are a bit young to be drinking!" Jackie and me looked at each
other and blushed - we were always getting drunk and doing silly
things, but we'd gone to a lot of trouble to make sure we looked
older than our 16 years. "It's all right," she laughed, "You're
welcome to help yourselves, and I'm sure you're both responsible
girls. Now, the TV's here" she said, indicating a huge colour TV,
and opening the cabinet below to show a video player. "You'll
find videos in this cupboard here - just look through and see
what you fancy." There was the sound of a car horn outside and
she said "Oh, that will be my cab. I'd better rush! I'll be back
at about 11.30." With that, she rushed out of the door. Jackie
poured me a drink, and had one herself, and we sat down to watch
the TV.

After a few drinks, we were both a bit tipsy, giggling to each
other as we sat watching the TV. "I'm bored with the telly", said
Jackie, "Lets see what videos she's got.". She went over to the
video and started reading across the titles. "They're all a bit
boring, there's nothing rude." she said, "Oh well, let's just try
anything." she said, pulling a cassette from the cupboard. As she
pulled it out, I noticed that there was something behind it.
"What's that behind the video?" I asked Jackie. "Where?" she                 FX
said, then she saw it and pulled another cassette with a hand-
written label out. "Wow! This is more like it!" she exclaimed,
reading the cover. She bent over, and put the tape in to the
player. I felt my fanny twitch as her skirt rode up over her
tight bum, exposing the gusset of her skimpy knickers. She
started the player, and came back to sit down next to me. By now,
the drink had got rid of out inhibitions, and I was looking
forward to giving my cunt a good grope.

The video started, and it was obvious from the start that it was
real hardcore porn. The opening shot was of two women in bed
together, with a huge double dildo which they were fucking each
other with. After a while of this steamy action, a guy arrived
with the biggest dong I've ever seen, and started fucking each
of them. I was getting pretty horny with all this, and started
to finger myself through my panties. My lips were full and wet,
and I could feel my clit throbbing as I rubbed it. I looked at
Jackie, who was staring intently at the screen, and had her hand
inside her blouse and was stroking her breasts. With my free
hand, I groped up her skirt and pulled her gusset to one side so
I could stroke her lips. She was even wetter than me, and I felt
her fanny juices well up as I pushed my fingers inside her.

Climbing off the sofa and kneeling on the floor in front of
Jackie between her legs, I started to pull down her knickers. She
arched her back to make it easier, and slid herself forwards so
her fanny was at the edge of the sofa. I couldn't wait any longer
and I buried my face in her muff, licking furiously at her with
my long pointy tongue, sticking it inside her and stimulating her
clit. "Oh, don't stop!" she moaned, "Stick it inside me!". I
carried on licking her, and before long she shuddered and arched
her back off the sofa as she came.

All this lust had got me pretty turned on, and I could feel my
knickers getting damp with the juices flowing out of my honeypot.
I sat down again, fingering myself while Jackie recovered. After
a while she got up, saying "I'm just off to the loo. Back in a
sec." and disappeared upstairs. She seemed to be gone for an
awful long time, and I was beginning to think that the cow was
going to leave me to rub myself off, instead of giving me the
good sucking I was after. Then her face popped round the door.
"Close your eyes, Sandi. I've got a surprise for you.".
Intrigued, I did as I was told, and felt Jackie pull my soaking
panties down, leaving my cunt bare. Then she knelt on the sofa
between my thighs, so her tits dangled in my face, making me
realise that she was stark naked. I still couldn't work out what
was happening, until I felt something hard and warm nudge the
entrance to my cunt. Slowly it worked its way in, and I could
feel Jackie moving and shoving whatever it was further into me.
It started to dawn on me what was going on, and I opened my eyes
and looked down to see the most enormous dildo being thrust up
my cunt, spreading me wider than I'd ever been before. On a
second glance, I realised that it was a double dildo, and that
one half was already buried inside Jackie's cunt. It was angled
in the middle, allowing it to penetrate straight inside both of
us just like a real prick, only I had never had a real prick
inside me that was this stiff and thick!

Once Jackie had worked the false prick into me, she started to
thrust her hips backwards and forwards, fucking my wet cunt and
driving me into a frenzy of lust. I felt a new sensation and
looking down saw that at the centre of the dildo was a finger
that was rubbing against my clit and Jackie's every time she
thrusted into me. My cunt was stretched as wide as it would go,
and Jackie was moaning and crying out with lust as she fucked me.
Her thrusts were growing more and more strong and urgent, then
suddenly she forced the dildo into me as hard as it would go,
moaning "Oh my God its so good!" as she came. The stimulation my
clit was getting made me come as well, and as I writhed under her
with the dildo inside me, her cunt got another good fucking,
setting her off all over again.

We were both so engrossed in our lust session that neither of us
heard the door open or realised that Anne had returned. "I see
you found the special videos, then" she said, standing by the
door. Both Jackie and me jumped with shock. What a sight we must
have looked, Jackie's naked teenage body crouched over me with
my tight snatch bare for all to see, and the huge dildo buried
inside both of us! "Hmm, so you obviously had a look in the
bathroom cabinet as well." she continued. We were both so
embarrassed, we didn't know what to do. "Still," she said, "it's
nice to see you enjoyed yourselves. I don't suppose the baby was
any trouble?". She had started smiling, and I didn't know what
was going to happen. Was she going to kick us out, or forget the
whole thing and not pay us? After all, we *had* babysat for her.
Jackie started to climb off me, then Anne said, "No, don't do
that. I've got a better idea." Then, reaching down beside the
sofa, she picked up a camera. "Let's get a nice picture of you
two looking horny", she said. There was a flash as she took the
photo, then she walked round beside us to take a picture of the
dildo buried in our muffs. "Well," she said, "I might as well
join in the party, eh? It's a long time since I enjoyed some
teenage muff.". With that, she slipped off her dress, and started
to remove her undies.

When she had undressed, she stood bare in front of us, her
nipples stiff. She had shaved her quim, leaving a pair of soft
lips peeking from between her thighs, and I could just see the
folds of flesh which covered her clit protruding between them.
"You two have had a bit of a head start on me from the look of
things," she said, "Who's going to help me catch up?" Jackie
climbed off me, leaving the double dildo sticking out of me like
a huge erect cock, and knelt at Anne's feet and, parting her
thighs, started to lick her out. It didn't take Anne long to
start moaning with pleasure at the licking Jackie was giving her.
Watching this was turning me on again, and with one hand I
started to thrust the dildo in and out of me, while I rubbed at
my folds with the other. I heard Anne say, "Hold on, Jackie,
let's get a bit more comfortable.", then she eased Jackie onto
her back and crouched down over her so that her juicy snatch was
positioned directly over Jackie's mouth and she could lick and
suck at Jackie's tight pussy. From where I was sitting, I could
clearly see Jackie, giving Anne's cunt a good tonguing, while
Anne was clearly getting a good faceful of Jackie's snatch. They
were both obviously enjoying themselves, which didn't surprise
me - I know what Jackie's cunt juice tastes like, and I've
experienced her tongue in my most private places more times than
I can count!

Watching them sucking and licking each other out, I felt a bit
left out, then I realised that I didn't have to be. With the huge
dildo sticking out of me, I could still get some of the action!
I came up behind Anne, whose cunt was wet and exposed, with
Jackie probing the folds covering her clit and her clit itself
with her tongue. Jackie saw what I was up to, and with a wicked
little grin, spread Anne's cunt wide, exposing her hole which
glistened with juice. I slipped the end of the dildo into her,
then thrust forwards with my hips to impale her on it. A wave of
pleasure shot through me as the dildo moved inside my cunt, and
I heard Anne gasp with pleasure. I started to thrust my arse
backwards and forwards, fucking her big cunt with her own dildo.
She had obviously had plenty of thick cocks inside her - her cunt
was wide, but she obviously had good strong cunt myclenched it
round the dildo as I shoved it into her, making it slurp in and
out of my cunt, too. I could feel myself about to come, and I
started to thrust into Anne harder, making the plastic cock rub
against my clit even more. She started to pant as her climax
began, and Jackie started moaning softly, being brought closer
and closer to her orgasm with Anne's licking. We all came at the
same time, thrashing around in ecstasy, before I pulled out of
Anne and lay beside them, licking juices out of Jackie's cunt
then turning round to caress Anne's with my tongue.

We ended up staying all night, and had a few more sex sessions
on Anne's huge double bed, before going home in the morning. And
she paid us for the babysitting!
