Archive-name: Amazon/teentina.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Tina


It was the first Saturday in weeks that the weather had been this
good, so the beach was crowded with teenagers.  All up and down the
wide stretch of sand, groups of kids were stretched out on blankets
soaking up the sun or laughing and fooling around with each other. 
Some were in swimming , but since the surf wasn't up, most of them
were crowded on the beach.

Tina Connelly picked her way slowly through the spread-out blankets,
all the while scanning the crowd carefully, obviously looking for
someone.  As used to watching cute girls by the hundreds prancing
along in their little bikinis as the boys were, still heads turned
and admiring glances followed Tina. The fifteen year old girl's
tiny orange bikini scarcely covered her, much to the delight of the
watching boys.  She had a full luscious figure and the slightest
hint of rippling muscle here and there gave her body an athletic
well-conditioned look.  In contrast, her dimples and turned-up nose
gave her beautiful face an almost child like appearance.  The sun
glistened off her long blond hair as she turned her head this way
and that, her green eyes searching - hunting for someone.  Suddenly
her eyes hardened as she spotted a boy and girl lying on a blanket
down the beach a way.  Picking up her step, the lithe blond made a
bee-line for the couple.

"Uh oh, look who's coming our way", the pretty red head said to the
boy lying next to her.  "Looks like little brother must have gone
home and blabbed to his big sister."

The boy glanced towards her, just as Tina walked up, an angry look
now flashing in her eyes.

"Well, if it isn't Mr. Toughguy himself", the blond spat.

The boy, a dark-haired teenager named Carl Otis propped himself up
on his elbows, and grinning at his redheaded girlfriend, Flo,
challenged Tina.

"Something bugging you, Tina?"

"You're darn right, there is something bugging me, you creep!"
Tina shouted.  Your beating up my little brother is bugging me
plenty, and you're not going to get away with it!"

Flo, who was kneeling next to Carl on the blanket, lookup up and
smirked, "Why don't you 'skip it', baby."

"I'll 'skip it' alright", Tina shouted, losing her temper.  Flo,
kneeling up straight in front of the blond, her buxom figure clad
in a skimpy green bikini, was completely unprepared for what
happened next.  Tina's hand lashed out, her fingers digging into
the red hair, while at the same time with the other hand she tore
part of her skimpy bikini.  The amazed girl let out a howl as Tina
twisted and yanked her hair.  As Flo's mouth opened to scream,
Tina stuffed a towel into her mouth like a gag.  I'll 'skip it'
alright!  You fat slob!"

The confused Flo next found her head being yanked down and her face
jammed into the sand.  A couple of girls lying nearby who knew and
didn't particularly like Flo broke out laughing at the buxom girl,
choking and sputtering, tried to pull the towel from her mouth and
wipe the sand out of her eyes all at the same time.  Meanwhile,
Tina turned to face Carl who watched, too astonished to move.

"What the heck ya think your doin', " Carl whined clammering to his
feet.  "You can't do that to my girl."

"No?  You think you're big enough to do anything about it?" Tina
snarled.  "Of course I'm not smaller that you like my little
brother was, so maybe you're chicken."

"I.....I'm not chicken....but I can't fight with a girl....it
wouldn't be fair."

"Well, somebody is going to answer for beating up my brother, now
either you fight me or ......."  Tina said reaching down and
giving the now whimpering Flo's hair a quick pull".....I'm going to
mop up the beach with this slut."

A crowd of teenagers had gathered around hoping to see some
excitement, and they began to throw remarks.

"Go on Carl...unless yer chicken"...."Aw, Carl'd probably
lose"......Come on Carl, she's askin' ya, take her on......."

Carl looked from the eager crowd to the defiant blond - then down
to Flo who was still wiping sand off her face.  "Beat her!  Beat
her good, Carl," Flo said furiously.

The crowd of teenagers had formed a circle around Carl, Flo and
Tina were taunting Carl and urging him to fight.

"Alright," Carl told the eager crowd, "but don't blame me for what
happens.  She's askin' for a beatin' and she's gonna get one."  A
cheer went up from the crowd as Carl and Tina faced each other and
slowly started to circle.  Flo backed off to the side, hoping to
see Tina get the beating of her life.  Then, with a rush, Carl
charged at the skimpily clad blond, reaching out for her.  But
Tina was too fast for him and as his outstretched arms groped in
the air, she dropped low, grabbed the back of his knees and drove
herself forward.  Tina hit Carl in the stomach and he let out a
grunt as he found himself landing heavily on his back in the sand,
the wind almost knocked out of him.  Grabbing the startled boy's
ankle, Tina leapt to her feet and stepping across his leg applied
a toe hold, twisting down on the bare toes as hard as she could. 
Carl let out a shreik and kicked his free leg wildly as the angry
girl continued to grind and twist.  In desperation, Carl pushed
Tina with his free foot heaving her backwards onto the sand; at
the same time pulling his foot free.  The two young rivals both
rolled quickly to their feet and once more faced each other.

As the delighted crowd of watchers yelled for more action, Carl, a
mean look now in his eyes, muttered, "You caught me off guard that
time."  Then, as the two of them closed again, his fist shot out
and hit her in the stomach.  She reeled backwards, gasping for air. 
Care bore in on her and wrapping his arms around her waist before
she could defend herself, tightened his grip.  Then putting on the
pressure, he squeezed Tina's body against him and began to
throttle her in a punishing bear hug.

Grinning now, he looked into Tina's pain-contorted face, now only
a few inches from his own.  "Come on, baby, don't be shy, gimme a
hug", he taunted, increasing the pressure and bending the blond
backwards as he did.  The crowd hushed as they watches Tina's
suffering.  The blond, gritting her teeth against the pain, tried
vainly to squirm free.  Unable to break the hold, she did the only
thing she could think of...with both of her hands open she brought
them crashing against Carl's ears.  The dark boy released his grip
as his hands shot to his head and he staggered backwards feeling
like someone had hit him with a two-by-four.  As he shook his head,
his ears ringing terribly, and Tina stood breathing in great gulps
of air, the crowd watched expectantly, wondering what would happen
next.  They didn't have to wait long as Carl suddenly charged
again, this time leaping at the blond cursing her wildly.  Tina
who had been waiting for his next move, side stepped just in time,
and he crashed into the sand on his face.  The blond leapt astride
him before Carl could even roll over, landing heavily on the small
of his back.  Reaching back she pulled one of his kicking legs, at
the same time grabbing a handful of his long hair and yanking back
on his head.  Carl let out a howl as he found himself being bent
backwards like a taut bow.  He felt as if his back were about to
break as the furious teenage girl throttled his head and pulled up
more and more on the painful gold.  Then to add to the torture of
the hold, Tina began to slam her pretty round bottom into the
small of his back, putting all her weight behind it.  Carl squirmed
on the sand, and it Tina's grip on his ankle hadn't slipped loose
that might have been the end of the fight.  But as Carl kicked his
leg loose he rolled over upsetting the blond.  In a rage over the
humiliating way he was being beaten by a girl, he swarmed atop
Tina who had landed on her back on the sand.  He groped for the
top of her bikini, but slamming her knee up she caught him with a
low kick.  With a grunt Carl rolled over on his back, his legs
doubled up in agony.  Before he could get out of her range, Tina's
long shapely legs shot out and dragging the boy by his hair, pulled
him up and a head scissors between her thighs.  Clamping down on
the hold with her strong legs, Tina began to squeeze harder.  The
groggy dark-haired boy kicked out time after time, trying to pull
his head free but his pounding head was stuck firmly between her
legs.  He felt as if two bands of steel were crushing his skull. 
The crowd watched excitedly as his kicks became more and more
feeble.  All except Flo who was watching her boyfriend being beaten
and humiliated by this girl she hated.
Carl tried weakly to reach up and punch Tina.  As a reward for his
efforts, she grabbed his wrist and, still holding his head between
her gorgeous legs, held his arm down and began to hit him in the
stomach like a hammer.  His body twitched spasmodically as the hard
little fist slammed into him, and his eyes rolled back in his head
in misery.

Unable to stand anymore, Flo suddenly rushed at Tina screaming
that she was going to kill her.  Tina, releasing her hold, rolled
to her knees to meet the charging Flo.  The screaming redhead ran
into a fist that Tina slammed into her belly.  Flo dropped with a
wail of pain.

Tina, deciding to end the fight right then and there, grabbed Flo
by the hair and dragged her over to Carl.  Then, grabbing a handful
of his dark hair, lifted his head from the sand.  Holding them far
apart, she slammed their heads together.  The crowd grasped as
their heads banged into each other.  Carl and Flo sunk to the sand
in a heap, both of them out cold.  Getting up Tina marched off the
cheers of the teenage crowd who had loved every minute of the
battle.

--
