TEENAGE6

My name's Sandi and I expect that you've probably heard all about
me and my adventures by now! My last story was about my holiday
in Majorca that I went on after my exams, and I thought you might
like to hear a bit more about the fun that me and my friend
Jackie had while we were out there.

After a day or two, we had got used to the bright sunshine, and
we started getting down to getting ourselves nicely tanned. Every
afternoon we'd go off and find ourselves a nice quiet secluded
spot, and strip off for an afternoon of nude sunbathing - there's
nothing I like more than the feeling of warm sun on my pussy!
What with the warm sun and the all-night partying in the bar, we
were too sleepy in the afternoons to be getting up to anything,
so we'd just lie there and soak up the sun, getting up every now
and then for a quick dip and to rub suntan oil over each other.

I was lying there dozing on about the fourth afternoon, when
something woke me up, and I looked across to where Jackie had
been lying, but she had gone, leaving all her things, including
her bikini top. I got up and looked around to see whether she had
gone for a swim, but there was no sign of her anywhere. Then I
heard voices coming from behind a dune and I ran over and
scrambled up to see who it was. There was Jackie, with her bikini
pulled down round her ankles, being shafted by a bloke I had
never seen before. Standing in front of her was another guy who
had his prick in her mouth enjoying being sucked off by my
friend. I wasn't used to watching Jackie in action from the
sidelines, and I just lay there on the dune, looking over the
brow as she moaned and gasped with the fucking she was getting
at both ends.

The guy behind her had an enormous cock, which was so thick it
was obviously stretching her cunt to the limit, and when he
pulled it out to thrust it back inside her, I gasped as I saw how
long it was - no wonder she was enjoying it so much! As I
watched, I saw him start to come, and his thrusting became faster
and more urgent. Then, grunting with each stroke, he started to
pump his spunk into Jackie's eager snatch before pulling his
thick shaft out of her, still pumping his hot come as his cock
slid out of her in a rush of juices, and I watched his cock shoot
a last few spurts over her bum cheeks. Even from where I was
watching, I could see that his cock was covered in slippery
juices, and my mouth watered at the thought of sucking that huge
tool back to stiffness, but something made me stay and watch as
Jackie reached round behind her and rubbed the sticky come all
over her arse.

Meanwhile, Jackie had been really sucking on the other guy's
prick, sliding it in and out of her mouth, licking and nibbling
his shaft, and tickling his helmet with the tip of her tongue.
But before he could come, Jackie slid him out of her mouth and
turned round, lying her face on the warm sand, poking her bum in
the air and spreading her cunt lips as wide as she could with
both hands. "Fuck my cunt," I could hear her say, "Stick your
cock up me, I want you to come inside me.". He quickly obliged
and his prick slid easily into her soaking gash before he started
to pump away at her. She looked up and I just heard her say to
the other guy "Come here, and let me taste your come." He stood
in front of her, holding his still limp prick in his hand, and
she took it into her mouth and started to suck on it. The guy
fucking her from behind was thrusting so hard that with each
stroke her face pushed forwards into the other guy's groin, and
I could see the guy's cock harden as she carried on licking and
slurping it. Before too long, he'd had more than he could take,
and he started to spurt into Jackie's mouth. She had her lips
around the head of his cock as he came, sucking every last drop
of come from him and swallowing every drop.

Watching all this horny action had started to make my own cunt
extremely aroused, and I slipped a hand down the front of my
bikini bottom and started to frig myself. As my juices started
to flow, I slipped a finger inside my love hole, teasing the
entrance with it, then I licked my juices off my finger. That
only made me more horny, and I pulled my bikini bottoms off
before kneeling up just far enough down the dune that they
couldn't see me. Taking my weight on one elbow, I started
fingering my snatch as I watched Jackie still being fucked. Then
I decided that there was no way I was going to miss out when
there was hot cock on offer, and I scambled round the dune so I
was behind them and crept up behind the guy who was shafting my
friend and lay down on my back between his feet.

What with all the noise Jackie was making, neither of them nor
the other guy who was still recovering on the sand in front of
Jackie realised I was there. I carefully slid between the guy's
legs until I could see his thick cock plunging in and out of
Jackie's tight teenage snatch and I lay there for a moment,
enjoying the sight. Then I stuck my tongue out, making it into
a little point then I lifted my head up and gently started to
tickle Jackie's clit with it. Perhaps it was because she had been
fucked for nearly half an hour without climaxing, or maybe it was
just surprise, but she stiffened and gasped as I lapped at her
little bud. I could see her cunt start to clench around the shaft
that was pumping in and out of her, but the guy was so intent on
the shafting he was giving Jackie, he still hadn't realised I was
there, so I started licking further and further down Jackie's
damp slit until my tongue was half on Jackie's cunt lips and half
on his shaft, which rubbed against my tongue as it slid in and
out of Jackie. Then he must have realised what was going on,
because he paused for a moment, before he started thrusting into
Jackie again.

Each time he pulled out, I could see his helmet almost come right
out of her snatch, and I suddenly had an idea. The next time he
pulled out, I grabbed his prick and pulled it down. It plopped
out of Jackie's cunt, but he had thrust forwards again before he
realised what was happening, and I put my mouth against it and
pushed it up against Jackie's slit so it slid along her,
lubricated by her juices, while I tongued the underside, and
cupped his balls in my hand. He only thrusted for a couple more
strokes before I heard Jackie start to cry, "God, I'm coming, put
that cock inside me, oh God!" Just before she came, I pushed the
guy's cock back up so it was positioned at her hole as he thrust
and it slid back into her while I returned to tonguing her clit.
I watched as she pumped her arse backwards, thrusting the big
cock that was shafting her deeper into her juicy cunt. Then she
came, covering my face in her come and rubbing her clit
frantically against my tongue and lips, and wriggling to push the
prick deeper inside her.

Then it was my turn to be surprised - I felt someone grasp my
legs just below the knees, then spread them wide. Then I felt my
legs being hooked over someone's shoulders, and something started
to push up against my wet and waiting cunt. With a start, I
realised that the guy who had been lying on the sand recovering
from Jackie's blow job must have crept round and now that cock
that I had watched penetrating Jackie's little pussy was now
pushing its way into mine. It was so big that I felt myself being
stretched wider and wider as the head forced its way inside me.
Even though my slit was covered in juices, the cock was so big
that the guy fucking me was having to ease it into me a little
at a time. I felt him start to finger my clit then all of a
sudden, my cunt opened up and his prick slid smoothly into me.
It was huge, at least as big as my favourite vibrator, only this
one was warm and throbbing, and I felt completely filled up by
it - my cunt was stretched as wide as it would go. I felt
completely at his mercy: with my legs over his shoulders, my cunt
was completely exposed and there was nothing I could have done
to stop him fucking me, even if I had wanted to.

By the time he had got his cock up me and was starting to thrust
into my snatch, Jackie's climax had just about finished, and I
started to lick her gash again, tasting her musky juices and
stimulating her clit back into stiffness. Then I realised that
although Jackie had come, the guy fucking her hadn't, so I gently
pulled Jackie's hips forwards and eased his cock out of her hole,
then I took his length in my mouth, and started to suck on him.
This got him pumping again, and I let his cock slide out of my
mouth and held it against Jackie's slit again, so that the head
slid along her clit with each thrust. I positioned my head so
that every time he thrust, I could lick his helmet and before too
long I felt his thrusts become irregular as his come welled up
from his balls and his cock stiffened even more as he got closer
to coming.

Meanwhile, the guy fucking me was pumping away for all he was
worth, and with every thrust I felt his huge balls bump against
the backs of my thighs. He was starting to pant as well, and the
thought of that gigantic cock pumping its load into me as well
as the fingering my clit was getting started to get me going.
Jackie's cunt wasn't missing out either, as the other guy carried
on pumping away at her slit, and I wondered who was going to come
first. I didn't have to wait long to find out! The guy fucking
me suddenly cried out and I felt him slam his cock right into me
then it just started pumping come into my overfilled pussy. That
was it for me, and my hips bucked towards him and I started to
come as well, trying to hold my head still so I could carry on
licking Jackie and the other guy but it was all too much and I
was moaning and shouting as each spurt of his thick come sprayed
into me and I was rubbing my mouth up and down Jackie's pussy,
setting her off. Then the other guy started to spurt his load,
which shot all over my face, and I started sucking his helmet to
get as much of his come into my mouth as I could while Jackie
rubbed her cunt against my face to bring herself off again.


As we all finished, Jackie climbed off me and turned round to
lick the come off my face, where it had been sprayed in thick
white strands. Then the guy fucking me pulled out, and I felt the
come he had injected up me start to dribble out. It wasn't long
before Jackie realised what she was missing out on, and she was
straight in there, lapping up every last drop.

Well, after that lot we were too exhausted to do anything for the
rest of the day, so after a quick dip to wash off any come we'd
missed on each other, we went and lay down to continue our
interrupted sunbathing.
