Christmas vacation had been lame thus far.  I'd spent most of my time 
sitting around the house with very little to do aside from watching 
television and wacking-off.  As Christmas day was still a week off, my 
parents were still working regular hours, leaving the house at 7:00 am 
and not returning until 6:00 pm.  I pretty well had the entire house to 
myself that week.  

After waking at 10 am on Tuesday morning, I hopped in the shower to clean 
up.  Just as I was stepping out of the shower I heard the doorbell ring 
downstairs.  Throwing a bath towel around my waist I ran down the stairs 
fearing that the person might have been ringing while I was still in the 
shower.  Opening the door I saw this burly guy in full blue coveralls, 
with work boots and heavy utility gloves.

"I'm from Bell telephone.  I'm here to put in the second line."

Shit, I thought to myself as I peered out from behind the door, 
concealing the fact that I was dressed solely in a towel.  I didn't know 
that my folks were having a second line put in.  

"Come on in.  You'll have to excuse my appearance . . . I just hopped out 
of the shower."

Although he looked a little uncomfortable, he responded, "No worries.  
Where's the second line going?"

Knowing that Dad had plans to get a fax machine for the house, I assumed 
they wanted the second line for the den.  "Just up here," I said as I led 
him up to the office.  I'm sure he must have felt even more uncomfortable 
at this point.  In front of him on the stairs was a near naked, 21 year old 
guy, 6'and 170 lbs,in great form from both weight lifting and competitive 
swimming.  

"Its just in here."  I led him into the den and pointed out where the 
phone jack should probably be located.  Leaving him to his work, I went 
to my room to throw on some clothes.  As I was about to drop the towel, 
horny thoughts flooded my mind.  It would be a couple of weeks before I 
would be in a situation to get laid (back at college).  Maybe I should 
take a second look at this guy.  Re-fastening the towel, I walked back 
over to the entrance to the den.  By now he was down on all fours with 
his head buried beneath the desk.  Looking at his body I figured he had 
to be about 210 lbs, on a 6'2 frame.  While he wasn't exactly muscle 
bound, he seemed to be relatively well developed.  Though it was 
difficult to determine his exact shape beneath the coveralls.  His 
position allowed me a good look at his big butt.  It was very round and 
full, slightly larger than the average bubble butt.   Just the way I 
liked them.  

As my hornyness further reduced my inhibitions, I walked into to the room 
and approached his side.  "So what is it you have to do?" I asked as I 
stared down at his back.  

Startled by my presence, he turned to look.  "I've got to run a line 
through the adjacent bedroom into this room to connect the new incoming 
line to."

Sure whatever, I thought to myself.  Like a really gave a fuck what the 
hell he had to do with the telephone line.  "So where does the jack go in 
this room?" 

"Uh . . just down here."  He pointed under the desk to where he had been 
working.   

Faining an active interest I got down on all fours and stuck my head 
under the desk.  He withdrew his head from beneath the desk as I looked 
for the new jack.  Hoping that I had caught him with my purile little 
plot, I repositioned so as to loosen my towel against the underside of 
the desk.  To my surprise (or maybe not) my towel fell clear from my 
body.  Kneeling behind me he had full vision of my bare ass not to 
mention my growing dick and balls hanging between my thighs.  "Oh man" 
was all I heard before I felt a hand on my butt.  The next thing I knew 
there was a bearded face buried beneath my hairless butt cheeks and a 
tongue flirting with my hole.  As his large hands spread my cheeks apart, 
his tongue lapped up and down my crack.  Man it felt good.  So good that 
I had to have a try.  With that, I pulled out from under the desk and 
stood up.  Standing beside me I reached into his partially openned 
coveralls a pulled them off his shoulders.  After the top had dropped 
around his waist I lifted his t-shirt from his body.  His chest was 
really furry and well formed.  His pecs, though not hard, were well 
defined as were his shoulders and arms.  Without further adieu, I bent to 
take his little hard nipples into my mouth.  Moving back and forth, I 
toyed with his nipples using my teeth and tongue.  Meanwhile, my hands 
were massaging his soft butt, kneading the fleshy globes.  Unable to 
control myself, I reached down and unbuckled his belt, letting his 
coveralls fall to his feet.  An 8 inch boner sprung from his boxers, 
striking me in the chest.  As I knelt before him, he stepped out of the 
coveralls, leaving his work boots on.  

Hardly uncomfortable now, he grabbed the back of my head and impaled my 
face on his engorged dick.  While it wasn't the longest dick I've ever 
sucked on, it was without question the thickest.  I nearly gagged on its 
width as he slammed it in and out of my mouth.  Closing my wet lips 
around it, I swallowed his hard tool again and again.  My tongue lapped 
at the underside of his swollen rod as he pounded my face relentlessly.  

"Mmmmmm, man, eat my dick.  Yeah, thats it, take me down your throat."

Fearing that he would reach climax too quickly, I pulled my mouth off of 
his cock.  "Your not going to cum until I get a piece of your juicy ass," 
I said as I turned him around.  What a sight it was.  This burly guy 
standing naked before me, save his workboots and wool socks.  His big 
butt was slightly furry on the cheeks, yet hairless in the crack and 
crotch.  Kneeling again, I reached around, grabbing his thighs and 
pulled him back to my awaiting mouth.  Nestling my face in his crotch, I 
licked and sucked between his legs.  Placing a hand on either cheek, I 
pulled them apart to expose his moist crack.  Gently lapping my wet 
tongue against his butt, I worked my way up and down his crack.  When I 
finally reached my target, I didn't hesitate.  Thrusting my tongue up his 
hole, I heard him groan in pleasure.  "Oh baby, thats it.  Eat my ass, 
man.  Shove your tongue up my ass."  After a few minutes of tongue 
fucking this guy, I stood up and proceeded to sit on the edge of the desk.

"Suck my cock you faggot," I demanded.  Without haste, he knelt before me 
and spread my legs with his strong hands.  Beginning with my balls, he 
traced his tongue along the underside of my rock hard boner.  When he 
reached the head, he gently licked around it, driving me wild.  Then in 
one swift movement, he swallowed the entire length of my 7.5 inch dick.  
As he bobbed up and down on my rod, I felt my climax nearing.  Not 
wanting to be alone in my orgasm, I suggested that we 69.  As I lay 
back on the length of the desk, he positioned himself over me with his 
hard cock pointing directly at my mouth.  Placing my hands on his lower 
back, I raised my mouth to his hardened tool.  Simealtaneously, he 
lowered his hot and wet mouth onto my upright pole.  In an almost rythmic 
motion, he pumped by dick as I swallowed his.   Before long his movements 
became more disjointed and abrupt.  Sensing that he was nearing climax, I 
thrust my pelvis upwards, forcing my cock down his throat.  Just as I 
felt myself release, warm globs of his cum splashed against the back of 
my throat.  His load seemed to be endless, eventually spilling out of my 
mouth onto my face.  Meanwhile, he swallowed my exploding fuck juice, 
licking my cock clean.  

Checking my watch, I was pleased to see that my parents weren't due to 
arrive home for another 5 hours.  Jerry, the telephone guy, called in 
sick for the afternoon.  We spent the rest of the afternoon fucking and 
sucking each other to our hearts content.
