                        The Telephone Repairmen                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                    
        I was very happy to learn that I had obtained a job working at
the Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Company (C&P).  You don't know how
happy I was since I have not been working for awhile.  My financial
situation affected my whole life.  Even my sexual life.  I can't
remember the last time I had a good fuck.  The first thing I will buy
when I get paid is HONCHO and JOCK.  I have not seen one of those in a
long time.  Let me stop fantasizing about how I am going to spend money
I don't even have yet.  I wonder what they will have me doing.
                                                                                                                                    
        It turned out that I will be working with someone repairing and
replacing damaged cables underground.  It turned out to be a dirty job.
Fortunately most of the work was done in underground tunnels or vaults.
I enjoyed working with Mike.  You should have seen him.  He was about 6
feet tall.  He had dark brown hair and brown eyes.  He had a mustache
and a beautiful smile.  Everytime I saw him I just wanted to kiss him on
those luscious red lips of his.  I look at him and I would just drift
into a fantasy.  I loved the way he wore those tight work pants.  I
prayed that I would give anything just to squeeze those buns of his.  I
was one of the happiest person on Earth.  At times it got kind of
difficult when I realized that nothing could happen between us.
                                                                                                                                    
        Mike never talked much about a family.  I figured he must not
have been married or had been divorced.  Sometimes we talked and
sometimes we didn't.  I noticed that there was some type of tension
between us.  I could not figure out what was wrong.  Everytime I got
depressed about the whole situation I took it out on him.  Working with
him in the winter turned out to be ok.  Time flew by so quick.  Mike
told me that the job would start to get rough now since summer was
approaching.  I never imagined that it could get so hot underground.  It
all started....
                                                                                                                                    
        Mike and I had to do this major job in this tunnel one day.  I
knew we were going to be down there all day.  These days I was able to
see Mike work in his tee shirt.  I enjoyed looking at his strong square
shoulders and his strong chest.  I imagined what it would be like to
nibble on his nipples.  Sometimes I had to catch myself from staring at
the hairs on his body.  Mike got me real hot whenever I saw him stoop
down. I could see the crack of his ass and wish that I could slide my
tongue down that wonderful crevice.
                                                                                                                                    
        Well, anyway, things were getting pretty hot as the day
progressed. Our work area was not one of the best places in the world to
be.  It was cramped down there.  It was pretty well lighted with the
lights we brought down there.  The problem was, besides the heat, that
we could not walk freely pass each other.  Whenever something had to be
done on the other side of the tunnel he had to squeeze pass me.  How
would you feel if the man you are infatuated with rubs the front of his
body up against your ass. I freaked everytime he did it.  I was
beginning to get hard.  It took me awhile before I noticed that he was
doing it just a little too much.  I thought that this just may be my
chance.  I started concentrating on how his dick felt in his pants as he
walked past me.  I could definitely tell it was getting rigid.

                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                    
        I could have been imagining it.  I glanced over at him after he
had just walked by me.  He smiled at me and took off his tee shirt
exposing that chest that I have longed for.  I just smiled back.  I
decided that the next time he walked by that I would be bold.  He
started towards me and I turned around to face him as he proceeded to
try to pass me.  Our eyes met as our hard cocks were pressed firmly
against one another.  The next thing I know our lips were locked
together in one of the most passionate kisses I ever had.  My tongue was
searching for his and his for mines.  We turned as our lips stayed
locked so that we caress each other as we kissed.  I squeezed and
fingered his nipples.  His hair on his chest felt so soft.  He proceeded
to pull my shirt over my head.  Then I felt his hand on my chest.  I was
in heaven.  We stopped kissing to breathe and parted.  We looked at each
other and broke out laughing.  He started to undo his belt and pull down
his pants along with his underwear.  I was astonished to see that long
pull hanging from between his legs.
                                                                                                                                    
        I dropped to the ground and took his cock into my hand and
started stroking up and down the length of it.  I looked up at him as I
ran the tip of my tongue across the head of his cock.  He smiled and
groaned.  I continued to get his cock real wet.  I licked all over his
cock.  I ran my fingers thru his pubic hair as I sucked the head of his
cock into my mouth.  I moved my other hand to massage those hairy balls.
I took 1 inch then 2 down my hot throat.  I was so relaxed that soon I
had all 8 inches stuffed in my mouth. Mike was rocking back in forth
against my head.  I grabbed his ass and pulled him closer so that I
could have every inch in my mouth.  All of a sudden Mike pulled his pole
out of my mouth.  I tried to get it back down my throat but he wrapped
his hand around it preventing me from doing so.  I licked his fingers
and wherever his cock was exposed from his large hands.  I gave up
trying to suck on it some more and started licking his balls.  They
looked wonderful tight against his body.  I licked them.  Then I sucked
each one into my mouth.  Mike was just moaning and caressing my head as
I licked. It seemed like we been going at it for hours.
                                                                                                                                    
        This time Mike pulled away and spoke for the first time since
all of this started.  "I want to fuck you up your ass David."
                                                                                                                                    
        I stood up and he came closer to me with a gleam in his eye.  He
reached for my pants and undid them.  They easily slid down my legs.  My
cock sprang free since I do not wear any underwear since I started
working with Mike.  Mike grabbed my cock and wrapped his hands around it
and started fucking it.  I thought I was going to die when my balls
tightened up and I started shooting cum into his hand and onto his body.
He kissed me while I was still shooting.  When I finished he brought his
hand up between our mouths and together we licked the dripping cum off.
Mike bent down and took my limp cock into his hot moist mouth.  I was
panting and going crazy with passion.  He licked my balls and my thighs.
He continued licking up further.  His tongue found my navel and stayed
there a good ten minutes. Soon he was nibbling on my hard nipples.
                                                                                                                                    
        Mike slid back down and said, "Face the wall."  I did as he
directed. The next thing I know his tongue was flicking at my asshole.
If I was ready I could have shot another load right then and there.  His
hands just caressed and spreaded the cheeks of my ass apart.  My hole
was beginning to open up to his searching tongue.  I felt one finger
easily slide into my body.  Then he slid another finger in while he
sucked on the cheeks of my ass.  He pulled his fingers out and ran his
tongue up and down the crack of my ass.  Mike then started running his
cock up from the crack of my ass up to my back.  As he rose I could feel
his pulsing cock rub against my legs and then my ass. He started kissing
and sucking on my shoulders.  He sucked on the back on my neck as he
whispered, "I love you David, and I want you."  I wanted that hard cock
that was pressing against my ass up inside of me.  He pushed the head of
his cock up against my asshole.  It opened up and started swallowing him
whole. He slid in further and further.  It seemed like he would never
stop.
                                                                                                                                    
        Being that it was a tight squeeze with us standing up, Mike was
deep inside of me most of the time during our fuck.  I rotated my ass
against him as he shoved in and out of me.  That long pole felt so good
up inside of me. I never wanted him to take it out.  At the rate of our
fucking it could have laster an hour.  "I'm getting ready to shoot my
load up inside of you."
                                                                                                                                    
        Mike shoved every possible centimeter up my asshole.  He grabbed
my thighs and pulled me close to him as he began to shoot his load into
me. I thought he would never stop.  I felt my cock pulsate as it shot
cum against the tunnel wall.  Mike moaned as my spasm caused my hole to
grip his shooting cock.  I could feel his cum running down the insides
of my legs.  I felt so good.  I never felt anything like it in my life.
                                                                                                                                    
        You may think this is the end but it is not.  This was the
beginning of a wonderful career as a telephone repairman and a wonderful
love life with Michael J. Anderson.
                                                                                                                                    
