Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy

Not many people requested this one which is a shame since it has to be one
of my favorite cheating wife stories I've written.  You've  picked a story
that isn't getting much attention but is well worth the read (I hope). Let
me know what you think. Rate the story on a scale of 1-4 with 4 being the
best and let me know what you liked and what you could have lived without.

Beyond Temptation

	Rachel hit 103 on the straight and narrow highway out of town.  "Shit!"
she cursed herself. "Shit! SHIT! SHIT!!!"
	As the lights of the city slowly got further away in her rear view mirror
Rachel slowed the car and pulled over to the side of the road.  Slamming
the car into park before it was even at a complete stop, the corvette
locked it's wheels and kicked up dust as it skidded to a halt.
	"Damnit!" she said as she flicked her long black hair out of her eyes with
a flick of her wrist.  Rachel looked down at her well developed body and
stared at the open cleavage pushing out from the top of her dress.  Her
breasts were large, very large and men adored them.
	"It's just not fair," she argued to herself as she cupped both of her
large boosms in each hand and gave them a gentle squeeze.  "It's just not
fair that I can't share these with other men."
	Rachel thought about her husband's best friend Steve and what he had said
just before she pulled out of the driveway.  "When you're ready for a man
who can REALLY appreciate you're great body, you just let me know."  Then
with a seductive wink he added, "I'll show you what it feels like to be a
woman."
	Rachel knew Steve could do exactly that.  Steve was a gorgeous hunk of a
man who never found himself without a girlfriend.  Though his women changed
nearly once a week it wasn't because they found any flaw in him but rather
because Steve didn't want to "waste himself on just one woman".  Rachel
remembered well the night she and her husband dropped by unexpectedly at
Steve's place and heard his current girlfriend screaming through the walls
in pleasure.  Rachel wondered what it would be like to have a man so good
it made her scream.  She wanted to know more than anything.
	Rachel's husband was a good man, well established in his business and a
great father to their two sons but he lacked one thing - a dick.  Darren
was what Rachel would call below average, way below average.  At first it
was exciting having a man who adored her so much, who constantly told her
how it was a miracle she loved him, who would take his time in bed and do
everything to please her.  But soon that excitement died as the lovemaking
became routine and the tools to do the job remained inadequate.
 Rachel needed more, in every department.  
	Rachel had been raised a good Christian girl and was taught the ideal of
marrying only once, for life.  As she pulled down the top of her dress and
uncovered her well rounded breasts to the moonlight she sighed, "Why
couldn't I have married someone with a great big cock?"
	Rachel unsnapped her bra and uncovered her hard brown nipples.  With her
fingers she rubbed her nipples and played with them, making them stiffer.
	"What would Steve do with these?" she asked herself as she made little
circles around each nipple with her fingertips.  "Would he squirt his cum
on them?"
	The thought of Steve pumping hot thick jizz on her tits made her shudder.
Darren would never do things like that.  He believed it degraded a woman,
made her nothing more than a cheap slut.  But Rachel wanted to be treated
like a slut sometimes.  She imagined what it would be like to beg for it,
to plead for a big stiff cock and then to have that man jerk his thick load
all over her face and hair and discard her like yesterday's trash.  She
wanted that!  She wanted that from Steve!
	Rachel rubbed her sore breasts and thought about calling her husbands best
friend.  Fortunately she did not have to think long as the cell phone in
the car rang loud.
	Rachel stared at the phone in nervous shock as it rang a second and then a
third time.  She looked at her smooth pale breasts and then picked up the
phone reluctantly.
	"Hello?" she said softly.
	"Why'd you tear out of there so fast?" came Steve's voice on the other
end.
	Damnit, Rachel said to herself.  Why is he calling?
	"Did I piss you off by what I said?" Steve asked.
	"No," Rachel said as she began rubbing her breasts again.
	"Good, 'cause I meant every word of it."
	"Steve don't do this," Rachel half whispered as she pinched her still hard
nipple and tugged on it.
	"All you have to do is come on over," Steve said.  "I'll even kick Sarah
out so it'll just be you and me."
	"Steve," was all Rachel could say as her hand slipped between her legs and
pulled up her skirt.
	"Don't you want to suck my cock?" Steve said huskily.
	"ooo," Rachel moaned as her fingers found her wet pussy.
	"Come over right now and I'll let you give me head."
	You arrogant S.O.B. Rachel thought as she rubbed her aching pussy.  You'll
LET me give you head?  He knew!  He knew she wanted this!
	"Steve I'm married," Rachel said weakly, knowing it would do no good.
	"I want to put my big cock right in your hot little mouth and watch you
suck it," Steve purred.
	"You want to watch your best friends wife give you head?" Rachel moaned as
she thought about it.
	"Oh ya," Steve laughed.  "I'll be thinking all about him when I cum in his
wife's mouth."
	"Oh God," Rachel said unexpectedly.  Darren never let her taste his cum. 
One night she had fingered herself after he came inside her and sucked her
finger just to see what it tasted like but it was mixed with her own juices
then.  She had fantasized for years about having a mouthful of a man's hot
salty cum.
	"That's right," Steve said sensing her eagerness.  "I'll fill your mouth
so full of cum you won't be able to swallow it all.  Stay the night and
that wont be the only thing I'll fill with cum."
	"I can't stay the night," Rachel argued as she slipped her fingers up
inside her pussy and began working them in and out quickly.
	"Ok," Steve said.  "But that's the only way you're going to ever get 12
hard inches of cock inside you."
	"TWEL….!" Rachel choked.
	"That's right sister.  "Twelve inches long and 4 inches thick. But maybe
it's better you don't stay.  Hell, half of my girlfriends wont even try."
	Rachel instinctively spread her tight pussy open as if measuring if
something 4 inches wide could fit.
	"That's ok though," Steve said.  "Most girls just get off sucking
something that big."
	"I don't know if I could even…" Rachel's voice trailed as she imagined
kneeling in the nude in Steve's livingroom, sucking that enormous pole.
	"Suck it?" Steve finished.  "Of course you can suck it.  Come over and
I'll prove it to ya."
	"I might come over for a little bit," Rachel gave in as she pulled her
hand out from between her legs and put her bra back on.
	"That's fine," Steve said with a audible smile.  "If you don't want to
stay and see what it feels like to get fucked by a real man, I understand."
	"I'll be right over," Rachel said as she hung up the phone and hit the
accelerator.

	Rachel arrived within the next half hour and nervously knocked on the
door.
	"Oh come in," Steve said with a smile when he answered the door.  "Sarah
and I were just starting to watch a movie.  Want to join us?"
	Rachel didn't know what to say but before she could say no a cute young
blonde waved from inside the livingroom and called her in.  Rachel looked
quizzically at Steve and stepped inside.
	"Hello," she said congenially.  "Nice to meet you."
	"Go ahead and take a chair," Steve said with a wave of his hand as he sat
back on the couch next to his young girlfriend and put his arm around her.
	Rachel couldn't explain why but she found herself sitting down to watch a
movie even though every part of her told her she shouldn't be there.
	A quarter of the way through the movie she heard the young girl giggle and
Rachel stole a glance over at the couch to see what was going on.  The
pretty young blonde had her hand planted squarely in Steve's crotch and was
rubbing his hard maleness though his jeans as she smiled at him.  Steve
ignored her, watching the movie but by the massive lump in his pants I
could tell he was enjoying the attention.
	I pretended not to notice all the whispering and giggling beside me as the
young girl played with Steve relentlessly.
	"It's cold in here," the girl announced after whispering something in
Steve's ear.  "I'm going to get a blanket.  Would you like one?"
	"No thanks," Rachel snapped as she glared at Steve for reasons she was not
sure.  Steve just shrugged like he had no idea what the girl needed a
blanket for.
	As expected the young girl spread her blanket over both of them, sneakily
covering Steve's crotch beneath the covers.  Again Rachel pretended not to
notice as the girl obviously unzipped Steve's pants and took out his
monstrous pole.  Rachel fumed in anger as she thought about that young slut
playing with Steve's big cock.  SHE was supposed to be doing that.  Steve
said he was going to make Sarah go home!
Rachel brooded angrily through the movie as she watched the young girls
hand move up and down under the blanket, stroking Steve's hard pole.
	The movie ended shortly after and Rachel looked at her watch.  She had
been here for an hour and 45 minutes.  And for what?  That little slut was
playing with Steve's prick right under those covers.
	"Look I gotta go," Rachel snapped at last as she stood up to leave.
	"No stay," Steve ordered with a commanding voice.  "Sarah was just
leaving."
	"I was not," Sarah demanded with a scowl.
	"Yes you WERE," Steve glowered at her.  "Rachel and I have things to talk
about.  I'll see you tomorrow."
	"Bullshit!" Sarah snapped.  "What do you need to talk to HER about?"
	"It's none of your business," Steve corrected her.  "It's personal stuff."
	"I know EXACTLY what you're going to talk to her about!" Sarah fumed as
she stood up and put her hands on her hips defiantly.
	"No you don't," Steve smiled.  "Calm you're horses.  I'll see you
tomorrow."
	"You're going to fuck her!" Sarah shouted.  "Aren't you???"
	"Of course not," Steve laughed.  "She's married…to my best friend even."
	Rachel lifted her hand to show the young girl her wedding ring for proof
and smiled.
	Sarah stared at Rachel for a long moment as if sizing up her competition
and smiled weakly, "She better be."
	"Of course she is," Steve said. "Now I'll call you tomorrow."

	Rachel watched the young girl reluctantly leave and waited till she had
pulled out of the driveway before saying a word.
	"Did you two have fun?" Rachel said sarcastically.
	"Why? Were you jealous?"
	"Of course not," Rachel guffawed.  "I just saw what she was doing under
that blanket."
	"What was she doing?" Steve asked.  "Come over here and show me."
	"I've been gone too long already," Rachel said.  "Darren's going to wonder
where I am."
	"Ok," Steve said regally.  "I guess you better get home then."
	"Damn you!" Rachel shouted angrily.  "You said she'd be gone."
	"She is gone," Steve smiled. "And now it's just me and you here to do
whatever our little hearts desire."
	"My husband will suspect something," Rachel argued.
	"If you want to go, go…"
	"I don't want to go," Rachel snapped.
	"What do you want to do then?" Steve asked.
	Rachel glared at Steve angrily her face reddening with frustration.
	"Well?" Steve asked as he sat there under the blanket all smug like.
	"I want to give you head," Rachel said defeatedly.
	"Fantastic!" Steve smiled.  "I want you to give me head too."
	"But my husband," Rachel said.
	"You can go home to what Darren has for you," Steve said as he pulled the
blanket off of his lap and dropped it to the floor.  "Or you can stay here
and have this."
	Rachel's eyes widened as she saw the biggest cock she had ever seen in her
entire life.  Steve's twelve inch long 4 inch thick prick laid against his
stomach like a mammoth salami.
	"Jesus Christ it's so big," Rachel gasped.
	"So what's it going to be," Steve asked as she stroked his foot long prick
suggestively.
	"I can give it a little suck," Rachel said as she dropped to her knees in
the livingroom and started toward her husband's best friend.
	"Ut, ut," Steven tisked.  "Not unless you take off all your clothes
first."
	"What?" Rachel asked shocked.  "Who's doing who the favor here?"
	"I never let a woman give me head unless she's naked," Steve insisted. 
"Now take off all your clothes or you don't get to suck it."
	"You're kidding me," Rachel blushed bright red.
	"I'm absolutely serious."
	Rachel thought briefly about leaving.  She had never felt so humiliated in
her life and yet at the same time she couldn't help herself.
	"You make ALL the girls do this?" Rachel asked as she unzipped her dress
in back and tugged her top down.
	Steve stared at his best friends' wife and admired her massive breasts as
she pulled her dress down to her hips and wiggled out of them.
	"That's right," Steve said as he himself began pulling down his own pants.
 "Take it all the way off."
	"I am," Rachel insisted as she sat back on her ass and slid her dress off
her long legs.  "How many girls have done this before me?"
	"Maybe a hundred," Steve said as he kicked off his jeans and sat legs
spread on the couch stroking his monster cock.  "Take your stockings off
too, and your panties.  And don't forget your bra."
	"I can't believe I'm doing this," Rachel frowned as she pealed off her
stockings and tossed them on the floor next to her dress.
	"Nice ass," Steve noticed with a smile as she raised her legs up in the
air to remove the stockings.
	"Thank you," Rachel blushed as she hooked her thumbs into her panties and
hesitated.
	"Go ahead," Steve motioned with a wave of his hand.  "Take 'em off.  Let
me see what you've got for me."
	Rachel couldn't believe how cheap she felt letting Steve boss her around
like this and she loved it.  Tugging her panties up over her curvy ass,
Rachel let Steve see her dark hared treasure between her legs.
	"Spread those legs," Steve ordered.  "Let me see that pussy."
	Rachel laid on her back and spread her knees as she rubbed her pussy with
her hands and parted her wet sticky lips.
	"Oh your a tight little bitch aren't you?" Steve groaned as he stroked
himself.  "It's going to take some work to get this in you isn't it?"
	Rachel moaned at the thought, "I can't," she said.  "My husband would
know."
	"We can talk about all that AFTER you suck my cock," Steve said.  "Now
take off your bra. I want to see those big tits."
	Rachel felt like a whore as she held her legs open for her husbands best
friend and unsnapped her bra.  Carefully she pulled off her top and laid it
beside her.  Rachel's fat breasts lay against her chest as she lay on her
back and swelled at both sides.
	"those tits are incredible," Steve commented.  "Get over her and wrap
those babies around my big cock."
	Rachel couldn't believe her ears!  Everything Steve was making her do she
had fantasized about before.  She had often fingered herself to orgasm
while imagining some man fucking his cock in between her fleshy pillows.
	Rachel got to her knees and fixed her gaze on Steve's colossal cock as she
crawled up between his legs.  Even though she had never gotten the chance
to do this type of thing it came natural to her to grab her big right
breast and rub her hard nipple over the tip of Steve's fat cock.
	"Oh ya that feels great," Steve moaned as he leaned back and looked at the
ceiling.
	Rachel moved her left breast over and rubbed that nipple across Steve's
head too, rubbing her nub right between the cleft of his piss hole.  Rachel
felt her pussy literally drip as she grabbed Steve's enormous pole and
pulled it in between her breasts.  With her hands Rachel pressed her big
melons around Steve's pole and slid herself up and down slowly enjoying the
feel of his enormous cock pumping between her tits.
	"Oh ya!" Steve groaned as he looked down into Rachel's eyes and then to
her big tits.  "I bet Darren loves it when you do this, huh?"
	"Darren doesn't do this," Rachel looked up at him as she rubbed her tits
up and down his pole slowly.
	"Why not?" Steve moaned.  "Is he stupid?"
	"He just doesn't," Rachel insisted. "Besides…"
	"Besides what," Steve said as she grabbed a handful of Rachel's dark hair
and pulled on it to make her tilt her head back.
	"He couldn't," Rachel said painfully as he pulled her hair back.
	"Why not?" Steve asked as he watched his big pole slide up and down
between Rachel's big breasts.
	"He's too small," Rachel moaned as she enjoyed the feel of her hair being
pulled now.
	"Really?" Steve smiled as he wadded up a hand full of hair and pulled her
back off of him now.
	"OW!" Rachel cried out as Steve sat up off the couch still holding her in
his fist.
	"So I've got a bigger cock?" Steve asked as he held it in her face.
	"Yes," Rachel said as she winced in pain.
	"Do you want to suck it?" Steve asked as he pushed the head of his cock
against Rachel's lips for a second and then pulled back.
	"yes," Rachel gasped as she opened her mouth wide.
	"Are you sure?" Steve teased as he wiggled his head back and forth above
Rachel's outstretched tongue.
	"Please," Rachel shocked herself by begging.  "Please put your big cock in
my mouth."
	With one hand still firmly entwined with hair and the other on the base of
his enormous cock Steve guided his pole between Rachel's open lips and felt
her tongue curl around his bulbous head.
	"That's it," Steve moaned as he held her head still. "Just nibble on the
head a little."
	"More," Rachel slurped as she licked up and down the slit of Steve's cock
and all around the head of it.  "I want more."
	"Oh ya!" Steve moaned as he pushed a few inches into his best friend's
wife's mouth.  "Give me head bitch!"
	Rachel found herself sucking her cheeks around the enormous cock now
filling her mouth as Steve loosed the grip on her hair and let her take
more into her mouth.	
	"Lick my balls!" Steve ordered as he watched Rachel suck him.  Rachel
obediently slid her mouth off his big pole and grabbed it in her hand. 
Pushing it up against his stomach Rachel stuck out her tongue and rolled it
all over Steve's big hairy balls.
	"Oh ya!" Steve groaned.  "That's good.  Very good."
	Rachel sucked on Steve's fat balls, pulling them into her mouth one at a
time before pulling his big cock down and putting it in her mouth again.
	"I wish you're husband could see this," Steve groaned as Rachel plunged
half of his pole down her throat.  She could take all her husbands prick in
her mouth and have room to spare but this one was enormous!
	"Oh that feels so good!" Steve said as he watched her intently.  "Does
your husband know you give head this good?"
	Rachel felt her pussy juices running down the inside of her leg as she
sucked Steve's gigantic pole. 
	"No," Rachel moaned in answer to Steve's question.  "I don't even give him
head any more."
	"WHY?" Steve grunted in pleasure.  "You're so fucking good at it!"
	"He won't cum in my mouth," Rachel said as she sucked him all the way back
in her mouth.
	"Well were going to fix that," Steve groaned.  "I'm going to cum in your
mouth. I promise you!"
	"OH GOD!" Rachel said frantically as she began jerking Steve's enormous
pole and sucking at the same time.
	"WHOA GIRL!" Steve moaned as he pulled on Rachel's hair hard to pull her
back.
	"UH!!" Rachel cried as he dragged her head back by the hair.
	"I'll cum in your mouth, don't worry," Steve said.  "But slow down.  I'm
enjoying this too much."
	Rachel was shocked to find herself still sucking Steve's huge cock 15
minutes later with no breaks.  How could this man go so long??? Was she
doing something wrong?  Her jaws were beginning to ache badly as she sucked
and sucked as best she could.
	"OH GOD!" Steve groaned suddenly.  "Keep suckin! I'm going to cum!"
	Rachel felt her body tense as she prepared for the flood.  Suddenly it
came, hot salty cum erupting in her mouth, shooting to the back of her
throat where she eagerly swallowed it.
	"Oh it tastes so good!" Rachel cried as she opened her mouth wide and
flicked her tongue back and forth under the spurting stream.
	"Catch it!" Steve groaned as he watched his cum squirt onto Rachel's
tongue. "YA!"
	Rachel rolled puddles of thick cum around in her mouth as Steve jerked the
last ounces onto her tongue and then let go of her hair.
	"Now that's what I call good head!" Steve groaned as she sat down on the
couch and watched Rachel swallow more of his jizz.
	With a substantial amount of cum still in her mouth Rachel lowered her
head and spit a big glob onto her right breast and watched the cum slide
down over her nipple.  Rubbing the sticky salty cum over her lobe she
smiled and said "thank you."
	"Don't thank me yet sister," Steve said as he stroked his still hard cock.
 "I'm not done with you."
	"What…."Rachel began to ask.
	"Bend over the arm of the couch and put you ass up high," Steve ordered as
he got down off the couch onto his knees.
	"No," Rachel said even as she climbed over the edge of the couch and did
as he said.  "Don't do this."
	"Oh I'm going to do it all right," Steve said as he pulled Rachel's tight
ass wide open and looked at her wet pussy.
	"My husband will be able to tell," Rachel pleaded.  "You'll stretch me
out."
	"Oh you're probably right," Steve said as he climbed up behind her and
laid his enormous cock on her ass.  "You won't be the first woman of his
I've fucked.  He knew even before he married you that I was going to fuck
you."
	"What??? HOW???" Rachel asked in shock.
	"Let's just say I've had a habit of fucking every single one of his
girlfriends," Steve smiled as he rubbed his fingers up and down Rachel's
wet slit.  "I told him if he got married it wasn't going to change."
	"But…" Rachel protested.
	"Don't worry," Steve said as he grabbed his big cock and prepared to enter
her.  "He already knows."
	With that Steve pushed the head of his gigantic cock between Rachel's wet
lips and began working it up inside her.
	"OOOHHH GODDDDD!!!!!" Rachel screamed out loud as the thickness of Steve's
cock stretched her painfully wide.  "OHHH JESUS!!!!"
	"Darren would love to hear you scream like that!" Steve groaned as he
grabbed her hips and worked himself in and out a little to get lubricated. 
Once his cock was sufficiently lubricated Steve grabbed Rachel's hips and
buried himself all the way inside her.
	"FUUUUUCKKKKK!!!" Rachel screamed out loud.
	"Darren told me to fuck you so you wouldn't leave him," Steve groaned as
he felt her pussy grip him like  vise.
	"WHA??? WHAT???" Rachel gasped trying to adjust to the feel of 12 inches
of cock inside her.
	"He knew he didn't have enough to please you," Steve said as he began to
fuck himself in and out of her slowly.  "So he asked me to fuck you.  He
thought if he gave you love and I gave you sex then you would have
everything you need."
	"UH! UH!!! Bullshit!" Rachel gasped as the thick cock inside her worked in
and out of her tight pussy.
	"I swear to god," Steve groaned as he began fucking her harder and faster.
	"OH GOD! OH GOD!!! OH GODD!!!" Rachel screamed as she Steve bounced her
off his enormous cock.
	"Cum bitch! CUM!" Steve barked.  "YA!!!"
	Rachel put her head down and watched Steve's big balls and enormous shaft
fuck in and out of her wet pussy.
	"I'm going to cum!" Rachel cried. "OH GOD I'M CUMMING!!!"
	"Take that!" Steve growled as he slammed her against the couch.  "CUM!
CUM!!!"
	Rachel had never experienced anything like this in her life and she cried
tears of joy as her orgasm carried her away covering Steve's huge cock in
her own sticky thick cum.
	"Come on," Steve growled as he pulled his cock out of her and turned her
over.  "Lay on the couch."
	"UH huh!" Rachel nodded as she climbed up on the couch and lay on her
back.
	"Let's get this cock back where it belongs," Steve said as he climbed on
top of her and pushed his enormous shaft between her legs.
	Rachel reached down and helped guide his huge pole inside her once again.
	"OH GODD!" she moaned as Steve sank himself deep inside her once again.
	"I'm so glad he married a woman with big tits," Steve said as he squeezed
one of Rachel's breasts while he fucked her.
	"Oh God it feels so good!" Rachel moaned as she wrapped her legs around
Steve and hooked her ankles together.  "FUCK ME!!!!"
	Steve pounded his cock in and out of Rachel furiously until she came
again.
	"OH JESUS!!" Rachel cried. "I'm CUMMING!!! UHHHH!!!!"
	By now Steve was dripping sweat from all the exertion and he slowly pulled
himself off of Rachel and sat down at the foot of the couch.
	"You get to fuck me till I cum now," Steve ordered her to get up.
	"Yes!" Rachel agreed as she climbed up on top of Steve and grabbed his big
cock between her legs.  Carefully she opened her pussy with one hand and
eased herself down onto it as she sat down.
	Rachel gasped for air again as she felt her pussy fill with a foot of hard
cock.
	Slowly she began to raise up and down, watching Steve's fat shaft slide in
and out between her legs.
	"Make me cum bitch!" Steve demanded as he pulled her hair again and felt
up her big tits with the other hand.
	"I wanna make you cum," Rachel moaned as she rocked her hips back and
forth as well as up and down to feel the whole thing moving around inside
her.
	"Faster!" Steve ordered.
	"Oh God I wanna make you cum!" Rachel groaned as she worked her hips up
and down faster.
	"FASTER DAMNIT!" Steve yelled. "FASTER"
	"I wanna make you cum! I WANNA MAKE YOU CUM!" Rachel screamed as she
bounced up and down on the enormous cock inside her.  "I wanna make you
CUUUUMMMMMM!!!"
	A third orgasm hit Rachel then and she bucked and squirmed on the pole
inside her like a fish out of water.
	"OH YA!" Steve shouted as he lifted Rachel off of his cock effortlessly
and smashed her against him as he grabbed his cock.
	Cum shot up Rachel's back like a geyser and she cried out in pleasure as
her own orgasm continued.  Spurt after hot spurt of cum splashed over
Rachel's ass and between her legs, soaking her already wet pussy.
	"Cum all over me!" Rachel cried.  "OH GOD CUM ON ME!!!!"
	Steve laid his big cock against Rachel's ass and squirted more cum up her
back before he took her head in his hands and kissed her deeply.
	"Oh god thank you," Rachel purred as she sucked on Steve's tongue.  "THANK
YOU!!"
	"Now we've got to tell your husband," Steve smiled contentedly.
	"WHAT?" Rachel snapped.  "YOU CANT!"
	"I told you, he already knows.  He just wanted me to call when it was
official."
	With that Steve reached over beside the couch and grabbed the cordless
phone.
	"DONT!" Rachel begged as she grabbed his wrist and tried to keep it away
from his face.
	"You see," Steve smiled. "This is exactly why he let me do this.  He knew
you'd still love him."
	"He'll hate me forever," Rachel whined as she lost the contest of strength
and resigned herself to letting him make the call.
	Steve dialed the number of his best friend quickly and smiled, "trust me."
	

	Darren answered the phone with a tinge of nervousness in his voice, "Did
you do it?"
	"Yep," Steve said cooly. "She was great."
	"Did she like it?"
	"Oh I'd say that's a safe bet," Steve said as he grabbed one of Rachel's
slippery ass cheeks and squeezed.
	"Did she cum?"
	"Three times.  But I'm not through with her of course."
	"Three times?" Darren asked with more than apparent shock.  "That's
amazing."
	"By the way, you're wife gives great head," Steve winked at Rachel who
till this point wasn't positive this wasn't some sick joke.
	"Oh my god," Rachel gasped.  "I can't believe you said that." She had
watched Steve dial her number and had heard a man's voice on the other end
so she knew her husband was on the phone.	"Can I talk to her?" Darren said
shakily.
	"Sure," Steve said handing the phone to Rachel.  "It's your husband."
	"Hello?" Rachel said shaking like a leaf.
	"Hi honey," she heard her husband say sweetly.  "How are you?"
	"O..ok…" Rachel stammered.  "And you?"
	"I'm fine honey," Darren said.  "I just want you to know that I'm not mad
at all. In fact, I'm greatful.  I owe Steve a great deal for doing this."
	"For doing what?" Rachel asked. She had to make sure he was talking about
the same thing she thought he was.
	"For making you cum," Darren said.  "What was it? Three times?"
	"Uh…" Rachel said, her pretty head swimming.  "Yes."
	"God I wish I could have seen that," Darren mused.  "Did you scream?"
	"Uh, I think so," Rachel blushed.  "I really don't remember."
	"It must have felt great, huh?"
	"Yes," Rachel said as she felt her nipples getting harder.  She couldn't
believe her husband not only didn't care but was happy she had fucked
another man.
	"Do you like Steve's big cock?" Darren asked his wife as he unzipped his
pants and imagined his wife fucking his best friend.
	"Yes," Rachel said shyly.
	"Do you like to suck it?" Darren asked.
	"Yes," Rachel admited as she smiled at Steve beamingly.
	"Would you suck it now for me?" Darren asked. "Put the phone down there
and let me hear you sucking his big cock."
	"Ok," Rachel said as she handed the phone to Steve and slid her naked body
down his legs to kneel on the floor. "Darren want's to hear me sucking your
cock."
	"Great buddy!" Steve said into the phone.  "You're wife's getting on her
knees right now.  She's grabbing my cock and….OHH….Ya!!!"
	"let me hear," Darren rasped. "Put the phone down there."
	"Here you go pal," Steve said as he put the phone down my Rachel's face.
"Suck it nice and loud baby."
	"MMmmmm," Rachel moaned with her mouth full of hard cock.  "Mmm, mum,
mmmm."
	Rachel purposefully made loud sucking noises with her mouth and slurped
periodically for extra measure.
	"Suck it baby!" she heard her husband shout though the phone.  "Suck
Steve's big cock."
	"I love his cock," Rachel purred as she sucked on it's head now.  "I love
this big cock!"
	"That's right honey," Darren shouted.  "Tell me how you want it."
	"I want his cock inside me," Rachel gasped.  "I want your best friends
cock in my pussy again!"
	"Beg him baby!" Darren groaned as he jerked off on the other end.  "Beg
him to fuck you."
	"I need your cock Steve," Rachel moaned as she jerked his slippery pole up
and down.  "Please fuck me!"

TO BE CONTINUED??????










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....