		       TEMPTING AMANDA

		      by Julie Woodcock

		  
     There was something in the room with me.
     I couldn't see it, but somehow, in a way I can't explain, I
could feel it.  Could sense its intelligence, its age.  Its
hunger.
     Hunger for me.
     I should have been terrified, but I wasn't.  A little
frightened, yes, a tingling sort of fear that danced along my
nerves.  But even as I quivered, my nipples hardened.  There was
something so erotic about the presence, about the way I could
feel it looking at me as I lay in the tangled sheets of my bed. 
I knew, knew it was staring at my breasts through the lace of my
cream teddy, at the dark shadow of my pussy between my spread
legs.
     I wanted to see it, see who it was, watch it watching me, so
I tried to sit up--and found I couldn't.  My body wouldn't
respond at all, just lay frozen on the cool sheets.  I couldn't
even lift my head.  Growing frantic, I rolled my eyes toward the
foot of the bed, sensing...
     There.  A shadowed triangular head with pointed ears and a
long muzzle, rearing just over the foot of my bed.  It pulled its
lips back, and long teeth shone.  The mattress gave with its
weight as it leaped between my spread legs.  And I saw what it
was.
     A wolf.
     I tried to scream as its furry head lowered toward my belly,
but I couldn't make a sound, couldn't move at all.  Breath gusted
against my crotch, a tongue swiping a single sampling lick.  As I
watched in helpless panic, the wolf hunkerd down and began to
lick at the silk covering my cunt.  Long, slow licks.  Something
gleamed at me--ice white wolf eyes watching me watch him,
watching as if he knew my fear ... and enjoyed it.  
     "Those aren't an animal's eyes."  I don't know where the
thought came from, but it was true.  There was something almost
human in the expression of the wolf's eyes, something intelligent
and aware; not the flat stare of an animal at all.
     Then his outline blurred.  At first I thought my fear was
making me see things, but a moment later I realized the wolf's
silhouette really was wavering, beginning to change.  Forelegs
turning into long, muscled arms, muzzle shrinking into a human
nose above a human mouth.  And he was a man.
     But the eyes were no different.
     The muscled blond continued to lick my pussy through my
teddy, though the silk was soaked now from his mouth.  The
sensation of his tongue tracing the line of my lips through the
slick material began to make my nerves burn.  The terror I'd felt
when I'd first seen the wolf receded into lust with each long
swipe of that glorious tongue.
     Abruptly he pulled away to drop to his knees on the floor, 
and I felt him wrap his fingers into the crotch of my teddy. 
A powerful twist of his wrist ripped it as his free hand seized
me by the thigh and dragged me to the edge of the bed.
     Then, brutally, he drove one finger up my cunt, spearing me
with heated pleasure and a hint of pain.  I came halfway off the
bed with a gasp.  His hand pumped, reaming me, as he reached with
the other one to seized a breast, rolling its nipple with the
perfect pressure to send delight flaming into my cunt.  He kept
on and on, and the pain went away and it was nothing but
pleasure, pleasure to kill for.  Pleasure to die for.  
     Gradually I realized that he was no longer eating me, just
finger-fucking me as he watched me writhe.  His eyes excited me
as much as his hands.  His eyes, looking at my long, curving
legs, looking at my breasts, pretty breasts, round and big,
nipples pointed in lust, his eyes looking at me like that, I was
going to come as he watched, I was going to...
     He looked into my eyes and smiled, long fangs shining as he
pulled his lips back. 
     A wolf's fangs...
     I snapped upright on the bed with a strangled scream, but he
was gone.  My hair whipped my cheeks as I jerked my head wildly,
looking for him, but I couldn't see anything at all in the
darkness.  I groped across the width of my bed for the lamp on
the night stand and clawed at it until I managed to flip on the
light.  
     With the burst of illumination, I could see the familiar
bulk of pine colonial furniture, the rose bedspread bunched at my
feet.  And the cream lace teddy, tenting over my hard nipples. 
Its crotch still covered my cunt.  Nobody had ripped it open.
     It had all been a dream...
     A damn lucky dream.  The solution to my problem.
     I rolled out of bed and headed for my office, stumbling
across the apartment's narrow hallway to the tiny room that held
my computer.  The room where I was supposed to write the sequel
to my vampire bestseller, SHADOWMASTER.  The room where I hadn't
been able to do a damn thing in weeks.  Writer's block, they call
it.  But now the block was gone, because I knew what was missing,
what it would take to make the story work.
     I flipped on the computer and sat down, my fingers itching
to start pounding those keys.  My vampire villain didn't just
overpower his victims.
     He seduced them.
			     ***

     He was back.
     My eyes snapped open.  He loomed over me, moonlight from the
window falling across the edged planes of his face, glinting
almost white on the blond hair curling down across his eyes.  He
was holding my wrists pinned over my head.  I knew the game; I
started to struggle.  His mouth took on a playfully sadistic
curve, and he bent his head to bite a bare nipple.
     I'd been dressed when I went to bed, but I was naked
now.
     He licked me, very slowly, until my nipples burned and I
felt cream start trickling through my cunt.  His nostrils
twitched, smelling my heat, and he ran his free hand down the
length of my arching body to part my pussy and finger my clit. 
Lifting his head, he smiled.  "You like this."
     Well, yeah, but it was my dream.  I could enjoy my own...  
Then his fingers began sliding in and out, and I groaned. Through
a pleasure haze, I felt him shift, moving over me, spreading my
legs to form a cradle for his hips.  Yessss, I thought, and heard
my mouth say it too as he rose to all fours.  Looking down, I saw
his cock, a thick silhouette pointing at my pussy.  I watched
hungrily as he thrust forward, finding the wet opening and
sliding through its clamping muscles.  It had been months since
I'd felt a man's prick, and his was huge, stretching me open
deliciously.  I arched, drawing breath  to scream in pleasure.
     But as I threw my head back, I saw him bare his teeth in a
parody of a grin.  His incisors were white, sharp -- and fully an
inch long.
     Oh no.  No way.  I forgot all about thick pumping shafts and
started worrying about dying.  Shoving up against his chest, I
tried to force him off.  He held on easily, not even exerting any
force, but I still couldn't break his grip, couldn't free my
hands from his fist.  
     And the sonofabitch was grinning--savoring his strength and
my helplessness.
     Then, taking his time about it, he lowered his head.  I
shrank back into the pillow, fighting even harder to jerk my
wrists out of his hands, but I still couldn't get loose.  As,
with exquisite slowness, he sank his teeth into my throat.
     I screamed.
     Lost control completely, in fact, shrieking and bucking.
That's why it took me so long to realize that I didn't feel any
pain from the bite, just a sense of pressure, of pulling.  While
his cock slid in and out of my pussy as he fucked me with long,
hard strokes.  He growled in delight against my jaw.
     I can't explain it, but I started sharing his pleasure.  The
delicate tugging sensation at my throat began sending hot
messages along my nerves just as his driving thrusts rammed
ecstasy into my pussy. It couldn't be, but it was, and I was
coming, I was coming...
     Until I woke up. 
     "Why do I always have to miss the good part?"  I groaned at
the lace canopy over my bed. 
     If this kept on, I was going to lose my mind. 

				 ***
     "Bottoms Up" was crowded, smoky from a hundred cigarettes
and loud with rock from the bar's amplifiers.  The clientele was
a college bunch, blue jeaned and t-shirted and rowdy.  And horny,
I hoped.  God knew I was.  I'd been dreaming of my vampire every
night this week, and I was so randy I'd considered buying a
vibrator.  Instead I'd come here.
     There hadn't been much choice, really.  I was getting close
to my deadline, and I still didn't have the damn novel finished. 
I'd made a lot of headway that first few days, yeah, but the last
two all I'd been able to think about were cocks and hands and
mouths.  And teeth.  I'd finally decided that I had to find a
real lover tonight, or I was never going to get anything done.
     So I'd gone out and bought the trashiest red dress I could
find--thin silk, neckline cut to an inch of my nipples and
hemline an inch from my ass.  And I was not wearing anything
under it.
     I swiveled on my bar stool to look over the crowd.  There
was a promising blond a few feet away, sitting alone at a table
no bigger than a diner plate.  Broad shoulders and long legs and
big hands that looked like they'd know how to put out a fire. 
Thing was, I wasn't really sure how to go about picking him up. 
I'd never done anything like that before--guys usually picked me
up.  I was starting to remember why I hated bars.  "Maybe," I
thought dryly, "I should just stand over him until the scent of
wet pussy gets his attention..." 
     "That would do it," a voice agreed, as if reading my mind. 
I grinned at the coincidence, then turned. 
     To look directly into the vampire's eyes.
     He was dressed in black, but not in the standard vampire
tuxedo.  No, he wore black blue jeans and a black cotton shirt, a
black stetson down low over his eyes.  He smiled just enough to
show the tips of his fangs. "I do love that dress, Amanda."
     "Mother always said I was crazy," I muttered.
     "You're not crazy.  Hot, wet and tempting, yes, but not
crazy."  He smiled again, a little more broadly, and as I
watched, his fangs lengthened like cocks coming erect.
     "No," I said, more to myself than the man I believed wasn't
even there. 
     "Had any good wet dreams lately, Amanda?  I certainly hope
so--I put a lot of effort into them.  The one with the wolf,
though--that was inspired, if I do say so myself.  And you loved
it."  There were those fangs again.  "Foreplay is the best part. 
Well, maybe not the best part..."  
     "Foreplay my ass," I said, snapping out of my moment of
fear. "That was my subconscious, dreaming up a way out of a case
of writer's block.  You aren't real."  Dreaming again.  That was
it, I was dreaming again.  
     "Let's go back to your apartment and I'll show you real."
     I was starting to have a horrible thought.  I threw a quick
glimpse over my shoulder at the long mirror behind the bar.  But
I could see his reflection.  "You're pulling my leg."
     "Oh, come on--you don't really buy all those old vampire
myths?  Look, no matter what Bram Stoker said, I do cast a
reflection and I don't sleep in coffins."  His smile was
seductive.  "Beds are so much nicer."
     "Somebody put you up to this," I said, ignoring the smile,
"and I don't think it's very funny." 
     "Ah. Somebody who knows about your kinky dreams found
somebody who looks just like your kinky vampire, and talked this
perfect stranger into..."
     I moaned.  Because he was right.  Because I hadn't told
anybody.  Because I didn't really think I was crazy, and I knew I
wasn't dreaming again.  
     Because I was starting to believe I was sitting in a bar
talking to a vampire.
     While I slumped there feeling numb, he said, "I read your
book.  SHADOWMASTER.  What a name." He shook his head.  "And that
vampire of yours.  What an idiot.  Of course a trail of drained
corpses would tip everybody off, and of course somebody would
hunt him down and pop him while he was sleeping.  No real vampire
would be that stupid..."
     He's so chatty, I thought in distant amazement.  Who would
have guessed a vampire would be chatty...
     But then I noticed something.  His eyes didn't match what
was coming out of that sensuous mouth.  The eyes were flicking,
glancing over my breasts, the sweep of my legs under the short
skirt, the pulse I could feel pumping in my throat.  And I
realized suddenly that the words were all protective coloration
for his hunger.  Like a wolf in a lambswool suit. 
     "Taking a woman by force is too easy," he was saying, the
eyes on my breasts again.  "Telling her exactly what you're going
to do to her, then tempting her into surrendering anyway--now,
that's a challenge."  He leaned in close, his ice white eyes
inches from mine.  I slid back.  "I'm going to teach you all
about temptation..." 
     That woke me up.  "No!" I exploded.  "Get AWAY from me, you
bastard, I'm going to the cops..."
     "To tell them what?"
     My mouth closed with a snap.  I started to edge off the bar
stool, slanting a glance toward the exit.  Maybe I could make a
run for it before he...
    "Don't worry, you're safe.  I've decided I'm going to fuck
you in the comfort of your own apartment.  And there's one
vampire myth that is true -- we can't go where we're not
invited."  
     "I'm not inviting you anywhere," I snapped.  "If you think
I'm some horny little twit who'd take a toothy Mr. Goodbar to
bed..."  Being angry is so much better than being scared.
     "Ah, you've got the idea I'm going to drain you like a shot
glass.  That's another one of those myths, sweetheart, it just
doesn't work that way.  Too messy for one thing, draws too much
attention.  It's so much better to swap six or seven orgasms for
a pint or two.  How about it, Amanda?  Does that sound like a
fair trade?"  He put out a hand and brushed his palm across the
bust of my red silk dress.  I felt my nipples pop to attention.
     I looked down at them, then up into his eyes. There was a
lot of arrogance in there, as if he knew he had me and was simply
waiting for me to admit it.
     There was really no point in fighting him...
     "No!"   I ran.  Lunged off the bar stool and just ran,
forcing my way through the startled, drunken crowd, hardly
hearing all the curses and objections.  I never once looked back. 
I was too afraid of what I might see.  
     I was too afraid I might go back.
	
			     ***
     I went kind of crazy for a while there; I don't even
remember driving back to my apartment.  I do recall wondering if
this was the time of year when the sun never sets in parts of
Russia. Sounded like a great spot to hide out from a vampire.
     I was planning to book plane tickets when I fell asleep on
the couch...
     Somebody picked me up and dropped me. I woke up with a jolt,
yelping as the padded arm of the couch drove into my belly. I
grabbed at it automatically.  Big hands reached around and caught
my wrists and jerked them behind me. 
     "Hello, Amanda," the vampire said into my ear as he wrapped
a fist in the back of my dress.  I felt a tug, heard the sound of
ripping silk, and winced. 
     "I thought you couldn't go where you aren't invited,"  I
gasped.
     "I lied."  He reached up under my body and caught one bare
breast in his hand.  Began to knead it, to pinch and roll its
nipple until I shivered.  His touch, he knew just the way to...
     "You know why I find you so tempting, Amanda?  Other than
the centerfold tits, I mean."  He squeezed and kneaded, and I
closed my eyes.  "You're so obsessed with your writing career
that you've isolated yourself.  No friends.  No lovers.  Nobody
to keep me away."  He let go of my tit and slid a hand back to
press into the bulge of my pussy.  His fingers slid in easily. 
"So you can't resist me."
     "No! Let me go, you sonofabitch."  But my voice sounded 
awfully weak.
     He pumped the fingers in and out a few times as I sprawled
there.  I tried not to, I really did, but finally I couldn't keep
from thrusting my hips back at those delicious fingers. 
     He locked a hand in my long hair, pulled me to my feet, and
spun me around.  I started to snarl something appropriate, then
forgot about it as I realized he was naked, gorgeous and hard.
His fangs, like his cock, were fully extended.  He bent to press
a kiss into my mouth.  His teeth nicked my lips. I flinched.
     He lifted his head again.  I knew he was looking at the
blood I could feel beading on my lips; his eyes were raw hunger. 
He quickly leaned down to suck my mouth, his tongue licking the
thin cuts.  When he pulled away, he was breathing hard.
     Then he shoved me back down on the couch again, forcing me
to bend over.  "Bastard!" I screamed as I felt him kneel behind 
me.  He grabbed my hips and speared my cunt in a rush of stiff
cock. I called him a motherfucker, but it still felt good.  
     He began to pound his long shaft into me even as he wormed a
thick thumb up my ass.  I whined in pleasure; the finger made his
cock feel even bigger, made me feel totally stuffed and fucked.
     "Your hair.  Move it."
     He'd gotten me so hot and crazy I obeyed without even
thinking, sweeping my hair off to one side, baring my neck to
him.  A little voice started telling me I was stupid.  I didn't
care.  He was pounding against my hips, in and out, long wet
strokes, screwing my asshole to make the feeling even more
intense.  I'd been so hot for so long, and it felt so good!  
But...but not as good as before, in the dream.  Something was
missing.  The sharp pleasure of his bite, the pull, the pound of
my blood as he drank.  And I needed that.  Hell, I had to have
it, I didn't care about the cost.
     But he wasn't giving it to me.
     He just kept fucking me, ramming his hips into mine, his
shaft rushing in and out with a pleasure that should have been
enough--but wasn't.  I found myself twisting my head back in
invitation.  But still he didn't thrust into that final place.
     "Vampire..." I moaned.
     "Hungry, Amanda?" he growled in my ear.
     "Hmmmm."  God, his cock, his thumb, sliding, bringing me so
close, I just needed one more thing.  "Please..."
     He licked my throat, tracing his tongue along the curve,
but still he held back.
     "Damnit, don't tease me."  Another agonizing minute went by
as he licked and fucked me.  Finally I couldn't stand it anymore.
"Please.  Bite m..."
     Without lifting his head, he bit deep.
     I heard myself scream, a long cry of overwhelming lust and
ecstasy.
     He was fucking me so hard now that my belly kept slapping
into the couch.  I felt a climax building...
     And woke up.
     I sat up on the couch and shook, my mouth dry, my nipples
hard, my cunt richly wet.  Wanting to scream.
     Goddamnit, Amanda, I thought, trying to kill my passion,
trying for some sense.  He's a vampire.  He could kill you. 
Yeah, he says he won't, but why should you believe that?  He just
wants...He just wants...
     The thought trailed off in my mind as I thought about what
he wanted.  About what I wanted.  About how my hunger and his
hunger had somehow gotten too strong for me.  Then I got up off
the couch to walk to the door, and I opened it.
     He was standing there, just as I'd known he would be,
smiling that charming smile under his old and hungry eyes.
     And I said, "Come in."
	
	
			       END

Copyright J. Woodcock 1991


	 

	
 
	
 

		
	
    
	   
   


