The Young Temptress

Part One:  The Older Sister Impaled

	She was tall and slender, and the golden length of her 
hair fell down to the petite shape of her waist-line. Her eyes 
were a deeply enchanting hazel  and they could penetrate in 
one look the souls of a thousand men.
	But she was just that slight bit out of proportion. The 
kind of girl that catches your eye by the attraction of a part of 
her body rather than her overall appearance. Not to say that she 
didn't turn the heads of many eligible bachelors, but she 
wouldn't attract the cameras of magazines. She had potential, 
but alas her completeness was not there.
	James was an impressionable chap. Although he tended 
to take first impressions very seriously, he sometimes gave 
himself room for second thoughts if a relationship did not hold 
for him the high expectations that he maintained.
	But he wasn't one to toy with emotions. If he knew that 
he could damage a girl with a brief romance then he knew that 
he should not take the chance. This happened on not altogether 
rare occasions but invariably involved girls of an age much 
less than his own.
	Being 19 he knew that younger girls tended to take a 
broken heart a little more serious than those of a more mature 
age.
	Justine was her name. She was the picture of his very 
dreams. The tall, blonde intelligent look of a girl that knew what 
she wanted and wasn't prepared to muck around. Although not 
altogether forward, she knew how to make a first approach.
	The music had not as yet built to the expected heights of 
volume and intensity that would accompany the latter hours of 
the nightclub, and conversation was a welcome relief from 
approaching boredom.
	"I suppose you come here often?"
	He was startled out of the thought of him coming 
crashing out of a sharp turn on his jet ski earlier in the day to 
see the smile on her face. Having stood behind this female in 
the queue to get in, he had not expected his 'mate to mate' 
conversation to have impressed her at all. In fact, he had 
expected the opposite sentiment. 
	But the sight wasn't exactly painful, and he was actually 
delighted to have been approached. Perhaps the approach was 
a little too obvious, but being male the selection was not 
necessarily his to make.
	"No, not too often actually, but when I get a chance......"
	She blushed a smile, pretending to concentrate on the 
stirring of her drink. "It's just that I haven't made the trip into 
town lately since all the new nightclubs sprung up after the 
earthquake. "
	"No, " being quick to continue the conversation, " nor 
have I. But it's great to see, isn't it."
	Again the imitation stir, "Yeah, I agree. It's just that I've 
been away from the city in the meantime and don't really 
remember where everything is. I mean, I haven't even been into 
the city for 3 years...."
	He recognised the bait. His first impulse was of course 
the following question, but he gave himself some time to think 
by lifting the beer and taking a hearty mouthful. By the time he 
swallowed, the casual sentence emerged as the victor of the 
war to gain priority in his thoughts
" I'd be happy to show you around if you like."
	Instantly the smile. She fancied this guy. He had 
seemed to purposely ignore her most of the night, so that she 
could take a long a decisive glance at the muscular formation of 
his lower torso and his back. It was enough to have impressed 
her and carry her this far across the room.
	She turned to face back across the room to see her 
friends, and gave them a confirming wink.
	"Just let me finish my beer first."
	Typical Aussie, she almost mumbled aloud. She knew 
what she really wanted, and undoubtedly so did he, but a beer 
is a beer and a bloke is a bloke. She smiled and nodded, lifting 
her own glass and tilting it towards his. 
	Of course, he was first to finish, but soon she was 
stirring ice and making gurgling noises with the last drop of fluid 
up the straw, and she looked up happily, gently placing the 
glass on the counter.
	They both stood, casually dropping hands together, and 
turned to make for the door. Of course, the club admission had 
branded their wrists upon entry, so the slight tinge of guilt he 
felt at wasting money was relieved by the fact that he could 
return later at will. Little did he suspect that these feelings were 
not mutual - plans had been made and juices were already 
starting to flow.
	The clip of her heeled shoes down the footpath attracted 
his attention. "I see by those shoes that you either didn't plan to 
walk too far  tonight or were prepared to wear out the soles of 
your stockings." 
	He stifled a glance down to her feet and took in the 
length of her figure. The dark mini dress was stretching between 
her legs with each step, her dark tanned and almost perfectly 
smooth legs almost glistening in the fresh night. He took the 
time to measure her apparently firm little bum and saw the 
curved lines blend to a thin waist and a perfectly taught 
stomach. The need for a belt to keep her stomach in line was 
obviously not considered appropriate.
	She had the dark skin of a girl that attended the beach 
regularly, and also the supple smoothness that proved she 
wasn't a complete beach bum - she took care of her skin and it 
showed. He eyed carefully the low cut line of the top of her 
dress and noted no tan marks across her cleavage. Her breasts 
seemed squashed in their garment and therefore bulged a little 
out of the top edge. But the bulge of skin was small and tapered 
away quickly, giving credit to the firmness of each breast and 
the shape they were determined to maintain. Her neck was 
slender and looked delicate, with no sign of veins that belied 
age or stress. She looked the same age as he, and by the time 
he found rest at looking her in the face, he found her staring at 
him. The long transition from shoe to face had been made 
totally unaware of her looking back.
	Each of the parts of her figure seemed to slot into place 
perfectly, but there was something amiss - something about her 
shape. It wasn't quite perfect - at least not on 'supermodel' 
status - although she proved quite a feast for the eyes. Her face, 
too, although quite beautiful, missed a little in places and just 
seemed to be a little below the 'perfect beauty' threshold.
	He was more than aroused by her appearance, and he 
continued to stare at her.
	"Well, one way or the other, I don't plan to waste my 
night." She smiled back mischievously, looking him in the eye. 
Even though her tall slender figure measured quite a height, the 
length of his own well trained figure out  stretched hers by some 
five centimetres.
	She withdrew her right hand from his, and wrapped her 
arm around his waist, reaching out with her left hand to encircle 
him.
	"My goodness," he gasped at the satisfaction it gave 
him, "I didn't expect that."
	"No, neither did I. "
	He now a little confused but nonetheless happy, they 
both continued on into the next club.
	With plenty of money, neither complained about the 
entry ticket price, but rather entered with lots of high 
expectations.
	The tempo had built at this location, the music was 
turned up loud and people were already enjoying themselves 
on the dance floor. One couple in particular were dancing 
separate from the rest, enjoying themselves in one corner. But 
their dancing was different, almost on the verge of erotic.
	James was resting with his back against the wall as 
Justine returned with the drinks. Despite his plea for wanting the 
first shout, she insisted on the grounds of first approach and 
promptly trotted off to the bar.
	She placed both drinks on one of the hundreds of drink 
supports scattered around the room in front of him, and turned 
to back towards him, resting gently back. His arms naturally 
surrounded her, gripping together just below her belly. The heat 
was already emanating from her, and she rested for a moment 
enjoying the intimacy. But a drink was a drink, and she knew the 
side effects of having placed them on the table. She carefully 
unlocked the embrace, and bent forward at the hips, pushing her 
rounded figure into what was now quickly becoming the focus of 
her attention. She took one sip of her own drink, feeling the slow 
throbbing of pumping blood behind her mini skirt, and then 
reached out further to grab his beer. The last reach forward had 
forced her to increase the pressure behind her, and he let out a 
small whimper.
	Despite the pleasure such pressure can bring for a 
male, too much can bring discomfort. He knew his arousal was 
unavoidable, what with such an inviting picture of almost perfect 
beauty stretching out in front of him, but the last stretch forward 
had the words 'painful crush' rather than 'gentle pressure' 
attached to it.
	She passed the beer over her should and he gladly took 
it with his right hand. At first, though, with his attention so 
distracted, he placed the beer on the table directly to his right 
and waited for her to settle into position.
	As she leaned back he gently moved his left hand into 
position on her smooth lower belly and moved her ever so 
slightly. His length fell into the cleavage of her rear and she 
was now centralised in front of him. With his gonads in comfort 
once again, he reached for his beer and took the first mouthful, 
replacing it on the table once his upper lip had been sufficiently 
covered in froth.
	The two on the dance floor again caught his attention. 
They were gyrating wildly in the corner, one backing towards the 
wall, the other backing in unison at a rough maximum 
separation of no more than 2 millimetres. The male in behind, 
the female in front, it was almost as if they were having sex on 
the floor. His concentration absorbed, he didn't realise that his 
hand fell into place over her quickly moistening heat source.
	His eyes firmly locked on the two out on the floor, he 
reached out for his beer and took another 2 mouths full, again 
replacing it carefully with only a momentary glance to locate the 
bench.
	She began to breath a little heavier. At first the gentle 
brush of his hand so close to her pussy had excited her and 
given her a shrill, but when his hand moved into position right 
over her she took a breath and held it. He didn't seem to know 
that he was pleasing her, but then he moved to tickle her 
clittoris ever so enchantingly. The slurp of beer over her 
shoulder seemed to belie his extreme non-chalant attittude to 
displays of sex. This, too, excited her to no end. She had not 
exactly expected such an obvious foreplay, but the thrill of 
being in the open turned her on. So far about three people had 
noticed the position of his hand and she almost enjoyed the 
display they were giving.
	But all this time he failed to notice her increase in 
breathing. Not really anything resembling a pant, the thrusts of 
her chest were becoming slower and elongated, and she closed 
her eyes once or twice to savour the feeling.
	The two dancing on the floor moved in behind the corner, 
and when they emerged they were separated, the guy smiling 
and sliding both his hands down the side of his companion. It 
was only obvious now that they had actually been making love 
together a few seconds before, and James was startled at how 
obvious the display had been.
	Justine had failed to notice, being lost in her own world 
of increasing excitement. She knew know that she would have to 
take things into her own hands to go any further, but she was 
willing to wait. She lifted her left hand and placed it gently on 
his neck, brushing it ever so lightly against his skin, passing it 
across his mouth.
	He was enjoying the hand, ever so delicate. It was so 
smooth and slender. He kissed it briefly as it passed his lips, 
and trailed down his shoulder. She lightly risked brushing her 
hand down his opposite arm, over her head, and down her side 
until  she came across his hands.
	Immediately he knew where his hand was placed and 
was starting to withdraw it when she held it in place. He noticed 
for the first time her heat and her breathing, and looked down 
over her shoulder to see her firm chest moving in and out. Her 
head was tilted back slightly and her eyes were closed, and he 
gained a considerable amount of satisfaction  knowing that she 
was 'getting off' so easily. 
	He moved one finger in towards her slightly, touching 
the small hard skin of her clitoris, now  sticking out in her 
excitement. It was incredible just how easily she had become 
aroused - and he hadn't even meant to touch her!
	Being almost the same height, when she turned and 
placed her hands firmly on his neck, with elbows out to each 
side, their lips were almost perfectly in position for the first 
kiss. The initial second of dry lips together faded away quickly 
as they licked tongue upon tongue and began the first probe of 
each other's internals. He lightly rippled his fingers  up and 
down her sides, sending shrills down her spin. Her arousal was 
building rapidly and the tickle under her armpits had almost 
sent her over the edge. Climax had come so close so quick she 
almost could not believe that she was not dreaming.
	She pulled back after two or three minutes and looked 
mischievously in his eyes. She carefully took him out of the 
mid-light into the darkness. They could still be seen, of course, 
but in the darkness their visibility to the rest of the crowd was 
made more difficult by the spotlight that shone back out into the 
crowd from above their heads.
	She lowered her right hand down the side of his arm, 
running back up his ribs. She lowered her left to meet her right 
at his chest, and rubbed it firmly but gently. Slowly making 
circles with her hands, she then lifted one of her hands and 
gently drew one finger along his chin.
	Once he closed his eyes, which was her main aim, she 
made the move.
	She pulled her pelvis away from his just enough to allow 
her right hand to pass between the two, and she slowly slid his 
zipper down. His eyes opened with a start and he looked around 
to see if anyone was looking, but being under the glare there 
weren't too many eyes that would try to brave the light.
	The open zipper gave way to hard cotton, and she ran a 
finger up and down the length. He smiled again and then once 
more closed his eyes. Although he would like to be in control it 
was a magnificent feeling to be jumped by this woman.
	She then squashed her centre finger up under the top of 
the zip and pulled down the cotton, exposing raw skin. Now 
requiring two hands to be careful, she curled one finger around 
the back of his dick and pulled, while ensuring that none of the 
skin caught on the hard edge of the zipper.
	Finally, the not-too-small but not-too-large throbber was 
squeezed between the two of them, and she moved her hands 
up again to his neck, pointing out her elbows, and kissed him 
feverishly for another few minutes.
	His erection grew at the thought of her suddenly leaving 
and exposing him to the view of everyone else, and he almost 
began to panic as the intensity of her kissing grew.
	Then her left hand moved away and back down to his 
exposed dick and trickled past it, just barely tickling the furry 
balls hanging below. She then pushed her finger down just to 
the edge of the front of her skirt and pulled it up over the top of 
his length.
	From there he had expected a struggle with underpants 
but immediately he found warmth and comfort. He had not really 
believed the stories of girls going to nightlclubs in miniskrts 
with no undies, but obviously by this display it was true. He 
almost cursed himself that he hadn't taken the time to try and 
look on other women before, to try and see if anything gave 
away this secret. Besides the obvious perversion, he guessed 
it didn't really matter anyways. But it really made him wonder 
how many of the girls in the room had undies and how many 
didn't. 
	She began to stand on her toes, and her mound seemed 
to slide slowly up his length. But that was not enough - she was 
caught about two thirds of the way up and was at the limit of her 
toes. He would have to do the rest.
	She wrapped both arms around his neck and held him as 
tight as she could, whispering in his ear. "You know what I want. 
Please, lower yourself to my sweetness. The tender moment is 
so close."
	He slowly bent his knees, enduring the encasing feel of 
her outer lips as they aligned with the top of his circumcision. 
He felt the warmth and smoothness emanating from her, and 
she tugged gently at him, wanting him to stand again.
	The penetration at first was barely perceptible. The outer 
lips were already parted and the final chasm was about to be 
entered. But he felt a restriction - something seemed to hold him 
back.
	He pushed a little harder, standing a little straighter, and 
felt the first sign of give.
	She closed her eyes, holding him tight. The first entry 
was always the one to savour, and she was not ready to lower 
herself onto him. He rose slightly, creating pressure. She had 
not known that his was so thick. The length had not been that 
great upon extraction from his jeans, but now she realised that 
his length was not of major concern.
	She felt the pleasure of the stretch as he pushed a little 
harder. The head of his cock had only just begun to enter - there 
were thicker parts still to come. She moaned ever so slightly at 
the wonderful feel, even now rising to what would be an early 
climax. Her inner lips were feeling like they would stretch to 
their limit today, and she began to wonder if she could endure 
the slight tinge of pain.
	He was contemplating an all and out ram when finally 
his maximum diameter came to the point of entry. At least, he 
knew, he could fit from here. He had never before known a girl to 
be so tight, and his sudden climactic urge was only quenched 
by the thought of the fat girl that sat on a seat across the other 
side of the room.
	Now at least half penetrated, he was standing flat and 
wanted ever so dearly to stand on his toes, but already he could 
feel her lowering onto him.
	It was now obvious that their height difference had been 
concentrated in their legs. Without coming down to rest on her 
heels, she was already at his base, and the coldness of his 
zipper excited her suddenly.
	Together they sat for minutes, enjoying each others 
warmth, trying to crawl their way back down from the almost 
instantaneous climax that both of them had. She stood on her 
toes again and dropped on him suddenly, crushing her outer 
lips on the zip teeth. The pain led instantly to pleasure and she 
exhaled suddenly.
	"Ohhhh, that was incredible." she uttered, and then as 
an afterthought, she opened her eyes. "Can you, um, stand on 
your toes? "
	He looked at her with a smile, but seriously doubted that 
he could support the weight. He  looked at the longing in her 
eyes and moved his hands to her waste. He clasped her thin 
figure and lifted slightly, the feeling of her pussy clasping 
around him forcing him to close his eyes in pleasure.
	"Oh, you aren't that heavy after all."
	She smiled. "I am kicking off my heels now, I hope you 
don't mind."
	Before he could let her down her heels were off to the 
floor, and as he lowered her he began to realise that if he didn't 
bend his knees she would impale herself.  To make matters 
worse, she bent her legs at the knee - now he was left with no 
way to support her but his hands and his cock.
	But her absolute feather lightness led him to believe that 
perhaps he could support her at only one point, and he began to 
experiment. 
	He lifted her again with his hands, her muscles closing 
in around him, and stood up straight, almost high on his toes. 
Then he let her down quickly to judge the pain that he would 
have to endure.
	Surprisingly, the pain was not to be. He actually enjoyed 
the sensation. He lifted her again, once more the muscles 
closing, this time with more strength.
	She knew he was testing out his ability. He had not as 
yet let go of her waist, but she was just waiting for him to build 
the confidence. In this lift she tightened herself around him as 
hard as she could, flexing muscles that she had tried to build 
since the beginning of puberty.
	He let her down quickly again, but this time released 
pressure on her waist. She was supported solely by the 
strength of his member, and this she admired greatly. Not a 
single man had endured up to this point. His was obviously a 
tower of strength.
	Again he lifted her and watched her face as her eyes 
opened. She strained to grip him with her vagina has he lifted 
her up and right to the tip of  his dick. She still had her legs bent 
back at the knees, and he gave her a comforting smile.
	Without warning, he let her go, and she dropped on him. 
The impact at first caused him pain but it quickly built to 
pleasure as she giggled with delightful  ecstacy. He moved his 
hands to her side again, and started to enjoy the moment. The 
music was filling  his head, there was heaps of other people in 
the room - any of which could be watching him through the 
smoky haze - and a beautiful girl was impaled on him. 
	He began to swing his hips with the rhythm, swinging 
her with him. The temptation to get onto the dance floor was 
almost irresistible. But whilst they were covered by the brilliant 
spot light, he felt no desire to become too much of a display. He 
turned to his right on a suspicion, and caught the glances of two 
girls as they quickly looked away. Whether or not it was of 
shame for observing, or disgust on the part of his partner or 
jealousy on his part he could not guess.
	And frankly he couldn't give a damn.
	He swung a little more wildly and then jumped up and 
down a few times. Then, on the spur of the moment, he twirled a 
full circle. The pain of it was enough to stop him from falling 
over the edge and pump into her, but his partner was 
experiencing nothing but bliss.
	She hugged him hard, having just come to the edge of 
an orgasm, and then put her hands in his. She lifted them up 
into the air until they supported themselves, and then lifted 
herself on his hands, scrunching her face in trying to hold her 
muscles as tight as possible around him.
	She lifted herslef all the way up and he fell out of her. 
She was hanging too close to him and he almost penetrated her 
ass. That would not have been altogether bad, but she had 
never tried that sort of thing before and the thought of it actually 
scared her. She lowered her legs and pushed against him in 
order to find him again. The head touched again on her inner 
lips, and the pressure began to build. She lifted her legs from 
the knees again and, knowing that sudden pressure around him 
and a fall to the very base of his cock would follow, she let 
herself go.
	She squeezed onto him as tightly as before and dropped 
down bloody hard, letting out a small yelp as she began to 
come. She tightened around him, let her hands fall back over 
her head, and  jerked a spasm or two as she excreted a 
ridiculous amount of fluid.
	He felt the incredible heat as the wave of her juices 
surge passed him and in that moment he too was forced onto a 
higher level. In the noise of her and the crowd, he looked to the 
right to see a guy looking straight at him. All he heard was "Are 
...finished........."
	He looked to the right of that guy again to see the girls 
smiling at him and licking their lips, almost laughing. At that 
moment he came, and the look on his face as he tried to conceal 
the fact showed both pain and discomfort. In the midst of the 
burst he managed a rather uneven "Pardon me?"
	The guy stepped closer, eyeing the female with legs off 
the ground  supported by nothing that immediately registered to 
the eye. His initial moment of confusion led to a slight 
embarrassment, but he persisted.
	"I said, have you finished with these glasses?"
	Five glasses were position on a bench - none of which 
were theirs.  Their own glasses had been left  a small way back 
up the wall.
	"Yeah, sure, take them."
	The guy quickly stacked, looking at the junction of the 
two out of the corner of his eye. He could just see the base of 
balls and the wetness of her spread lips as he bent down with 
the stack of glasses in his arm to pick up a glass that had fallen 
on the floor. His own member suddenly grew hard at the thought 
of screwing this beautiful woman as Justine turned to face him. 
He blushed, knowing he was caught, and turned and hurried 
away. Several guys in behind the bar would soon know what 
was going on and god knows what would happen then. Perhaps 
even a spotlight might be turned on them just to embarrass 
them. He began to panic, his heartbeat rushing wildly, as he 
pumped the last of his cum into her.
	She was coming down from her incredible orgasm and 
only just realised that the glass collector had spoken. She 
noticed the girls too and quickly wrapped her arms around Jim's 
neck. She kissed him feverishly, almost a thank you for the 
level she had just attained, and stayed in place as the strength 
died out of her support.
	Her legs wrapped around his and she hung to him, 
kissing and hanging and rubbing almost violently now. As he 
shrunk inside her, little did he know that his movements were 
building another crescendo inside her. She squeezed harder 
and harder to get him to strengthen, but to no avail. The 
tightness of her clenches popped him out, and in that last 
movement she shuddered to a brief but explosive orgasm. In 
his ear, she whispered as she proceeded 
"Myyyygggoooooooddddd,  I'm coming
again."
	The smell of the juices from her wafted up to him, almost 
perfume in their fragrance. She smelled so sweet he had the 
instantaneous urge to want to eat her out. But in such an 
obvious position, there wasn't much he could do but appear to 
support her by her buttocks, whilst reaching around and rubbing 
her slightly. He knew she was capable of yet another ascent to 
the incredible levels of ecstasy and rapture that they had just 
experienced,  but he had been exhausted. Perhaps without the 
glass collector he could have managed quite a few more times, 
but his spirit had left.
	She lowered herself from him and, before separating, 
took the time to replace his member inside his jeans, lifting the 
cotton undergarment into place before lifting the zipper. 
Experience with pubic hair and zippers, she reminded herself, 
led to an unhappy ending.
	His first action was to lick the five fingers of the hand 
that had entered her, and the taste was incredible. Like a musty 
flower the scent he smelled transformed into a taste that 
transfixed him. The combination of both their juices had seemed 
to make a cocktail of pure perfection. 
	He gave her a taste and she smiled, her lips encircling 
his fingers emulating the erotic oral intercourse he so 
desparately wanted to undergo. The look in her eyes as her 
tongue flitted about his fingernail almost re-invigorated his 
spirit. But this was no place for a romance, they would have to 
find another time or place.
	She released a stealthy sound from her lips, holding him 
closer and looking him in the eye. "Your place or mine."
