                        TEN SHARE

                            by Neceros

In his office the news editor of KYDK TV  was ranting.

"Listen folks, we lost a half  a  point  to  our competitors last week. They got
some really juicy shots at that fire down at the hotel."

"Look at this". He took a video tape out  of his desk and shoved into the VCR in
his office. The image came up on the big screen. 
Scene was that of a bunch of fire  engines in the street. Camera pans up and
we see a large building.  Smoke  and  flames  pour from the upper floors. Camera
focus on reporter.

"This is Roger Smith reporting. The firemen tell me pretty much everybody is out
of the hotel, but there maybe  people  trapped  on  the top tenth floor since it
began on the ninth. Its supposed a few people are left in the building."

He turns away for a second. Sounds off screen. 
"We are going to move to the south side of the building where something is going
on."

Next scene is of the camera panning up the side of the building. 

About five floors up is a woman on  a ledge. She is a handsome mature woman with
an angular face and long hair She  looks  down at the crowd her face filled with
fear. A sophisticated professional  woman  wearing  a  business suit with a tan
suit, jacket, white shirt , tie and long wide skirt.

The ledge is so narrow the  toes  of  her  high  heels stick over the ledge, she
presses her back , arms and hands flat against the wall of the building.
There is a strong updraft of  warm  air  from  the fire which dithers hem of her
straight skirt.

Soon the skirt takes to whipping  about  her shapely knees. A sigh of lascivious
anticipation escapes  the  crowd  watching  below.  Slowly  ,  but  enviably the
turbulent hot air works the  hems  of  the  skirt  and  a frothy slip higher and
higher. In her distress she is oblivious to the leg show.

The skirt and slip cluster way above her waist , caught above her lingerie. 
>From the camera angle below there is  a  clear  view from her ankles to a garter
belt peeking above a pair  of  thin  white bikini panties. Her beautifully toned
legs flash in the harsh  light  from  below.  Light  glancing off the buckles on
garter straps that cross an expanse  of bare thigh before disappearing under her
panties. She is a lovely picture  of  full fashion hosiery , high heels lingerie
and frightful distress.

"Look at that", the editor says. "Ever  since  the FCC finally let us get nudity
into the news those guys at the  other station have been beating our butts. This
is only leg show, but its a beautiful lady."

"I love the thin high hipped tight panties ... hum translucent too, can just see
a  patch  of  strawberry  blond  pubic  hair",  says  Laurie.  "  And  with that
conservative business suit she is wearing... nice contrast."
The editor looks at her and smiles.

The camera zooms on the  woman.  High  cheekbones  and beautiful brown eyes, her
face is a mask of terror.

There is a intercut of the crowd looking up, a kind of salacious cheer goes up.
The crowd is caught up in the mix of distress and eroticism.

There is the sound of a muffled explosion. The building rocks. 
The lady is pitched forward. Losing her balance she falls.

The camera follows her in slow motion. " Those dogs", whispers the manager.

The doomed woman is a symphony of  risque  tragedy. Swirling skirt and slip , way
over the top of her panties and  garter belt. Stocking covered legs churning the
air. Smooth naked inner thigh to  perfect  calf rippling air, an airborne doomed
dancer.

The woman hits a brick planter  at  the  bottom  of the building. It catches her
right in the small her back.  The impact kills her.

The camera cuts from the dead woman to  the crowd ogling her dead body then back
to the woman. She is arched on the brick planter her skirt and slip twisted in a
bandanna under her  armpits.  Shapely  legs,  lacy  garter  belt  and tight white
panties fully on display.  Her eyes are open in a death stare a small trickle of
blood out the side of her mouth.

The manager switches off  the  video.  "Such  a  handsome sophisticated lady ...
giving us a great look at her  legs  ... and more! Sex and Death mixed together,
thats what we need for the news at this station."

"Clear out of here and get some good stuff."
The group of reporters in the room file out of the room.
"Laurie Miller", the editor called, " just a minute."

The youngest reporter at the station came back in the room.
He looked at her. Twenty five years  old  with her blond hair cut short. She was
tall with long slender legs. She cut  a great figure in her white business suit.
Her high heels almost made her over six feet tall.
She had an exquisite angular face and deep blue eyes.

"Listen, I just wanted to say  you  did  a  great job on that out-of-control car
that ran down that girls drill team at the parade."

"Thanks Mr. Hinson". She had  the  refined  voice  of an upper class family that
matched her fancy journalism degree.

"Sorry we had to pull your  cameraman  but  he was needed elsewhere. We will get
you another one soon."


She gave him a cold stare. He  admired  a ruthless glint in her eyes. She should
be a good one he thought.

She left the room.

Laurie made her way back to her office.

A technician was there just finishing up work on her computer.
"That word processor you ordered finally came  in ", he said," just installed it
on your hard disk."

"Well it took you assholes long enough", she fired back.

The guy looked irritated but did not say anything. He left.

George, her office mate was used  to  her  snotty treatment of people so did not
mention her ill posed thanks. "How was the meeting?"

"That jerk editor still has not got me a another camera man."
She was fuming,"I, know I could beat  the  pants off these son of bitches around
here if they gave me a chance."

George did not say anything, he  thought  she  was  a  bitch but did not want to
antagonize her. Anyway he liked having a beautiful woman as an office mate.

She sat down at her machine and  began  pounding away at the keyboard, with more
force than was needed. She brought up the word processor software and started on
some copy for the evening news.  After  a  few paragraphs she got irritated with
what she was writing. She erased it. Then out of the blue she typed in , I WOULD
SELL MY SOUL FOR A CAMERAMAN.

There was a beep and message came on the screen.
THAT CAN BE ARRANGED.
ANSWER THE QUESTIONNAIRE.

What the fuck!, she  thought.  That  tech  must  have  left some novelty program
running in the background.    Well...  what  the  hell,  she  was ready for some
amusement. She keyed in the  answers  to the question. Nothing special, physical
description and social security number. She hit return. 
Nothing. No funny pictures or tune. Screen went blank.

She picked up the phone and called  the tech area. "Listen, fuckhead get up here
and take your stupid program off this machine." She slammed down the phone. 

George looked at her.  She frowned.
"Claimed he put nothing there, the wimp."

Phone rang again. She picked it up. "That right", she exclaimed.
"Bout time I got another one. Be right down."

"How about that George, got a bank robbery to cover and they got me a new camera
man."

He looked after her as she briskly left the room.

She looked at the guy at the landing where the equipment truck was.

He was new. A swarthy slim  guy  with  lizard  eyes.  His hair was jet black and
slicked back and he wore a black leather jacket. To Laurie he looked European.

"Never seen you before".
"Yeah, well this is my  first  day."  He  spoke  with  a  slight lisp and in the
background a very strange unidentifiable accent.
Somehow to Laurie he looked like he had a lot of experience.

Laurie climbed into the right  seat  of  the  truck.  "  Lets get our asses over
there. Whats your name."

"Hertibise, but just call me Hertie."

They started up. She looked out the window.
Weird, she thought.

The bank was not far away but it was already cordoned off. 
The officer in charge was unimpressed with Laurie's press credentials.
She made it worse by abusing him verbally.
Hertie called the cop aside and said something to him.
"We can go up front ",  he  said.  She  gave  Hertie a puzzled look , started to
complain that she could do her own asking, but took off without saying anything.
They stationed themselves behind the  police  car  parked  in front of the bank.
This is great position Laurie thought.

A police captain there seemed friendly enough.
"They have hostages and have asked for  a  helicopter to land in the parking lot
over there. They will be coming out soon."
He motioned with his walky talky.
"But you see they have this long wide steep flight of stairs negotiate."

He nodded to the roof of the building across the street. "The sharpshooters will
be able to pick off the robbers at the  top of the stairs, there are only two of
them."

Laurie looked around her. A crowd had  gathered back behind them were the police
were trying to keep them back. She thought, this had better amount to something.

Everything to now had been a blur. She finally noticed where  she was. 
Damn, its my bank she thought, ...well what the hell.

Something was happening.

The big door to the  bank  opened  and  four  figures emerged. Above they walked
across an expanse to the top of the  stairs. At the sight a lascivious sigh went
up from the crowd. 

In front were two women and behind them two men in dark clothes and ski masks. 

Laurie had to smile at the  crowd  reaction.  These guys were trying to punch up
the surprise she thought.

The ladies were almost nude.

She recognized both of them. One was a  vice president of the bank and the other
was a loan officer. 

She always admired vice president  Helen  Longly  because at 41 she still looked
like she was thirty. She might have a  few wrinkles around the eyes but she  had
a great figure which she  now  displayed.  She  was  only wearing a half corset,
gartered beige hosiery, and  high  heels.  No  panties  but  a beautiful head of
coiffured auburn hair. The top of the corset was pushed down so her firm breasts
were exposed to the cold air.

The other lady was a senior  loan  officer, she recognized her too. Carol Rippy.
She was in her late twenties.  A  tall brunette with magnificent green eyes high
cheekbones and flawless skin which  was  amply  displayed  now since all she was
wearing was white garter belt, full fashion hosiery, a pair of high heeled pumps
, her watch, a silver necklace and matching earrings.

Obviously , Laurie thought, the guys were trying to shock the SWAT team. Make em
hesitate. Buy some time while  they  ogled  nearly naked women wearing exquisite
coiffeurs and little else .

The guy with Carol walked behind her  holding  her close an arm around her waist
and a wicked looking hunting knife at  her throat. Carol to shivered in the cool
air, her beautifully proportioned  breast  shook  a little ,red nipples standing
hard.

Helen walked a little funny ,  kind  of  stiff legged, muscles rippling along an
expanse of long thigh. Now Laurie could see why. The guy behind her had the long
barrel of a small caliber revolver  jammed  up  her ass. It made walking awkward
and painful.

They made slow progress across the  expanse  from  the  top of the stairs to the
first step. Laurie was loving it, all  that great looking lady flesh exposed for
the crowed, who were aghast at  the  nudity and humiliation. She wondered if the
robbers had a hard-ons from being that close to attractive naked women.

The thieves ploy did not work.  Right  as  they  were stepping from the top step
shots  rang  out  from  the  roof   of  the  building  across  the  street.  The
sharpshooters were good, the guy with Hellen  caught a bullet right in the head.
But it did not freeze his nerve endings because as death gripped him there was a
muffled pop. 

Helen stood up on her  tiptoes,  a  mass  of painful well toned musculature. Her
face a mask of surprise  and  pain.  The  bullet  from  the robber's gun did not
emerge but cut a swathe from  asshole  to  the  top of her lungs lodging high up
inside her.

The guy with Carol took a short  step  back  as he was hit. A marksman took this
chance to put another round into him.  This was a mistake. The bullet struck the

guy in the shoulder spinning him 360  degrees. Quite by chance the knife held in
his death grip was  driven  with  great  force  right under Carol's shapely left
breast, into her heart.

Helen was clutching at her breasts and looking as if trying to breathe.
Her jaw was set in grimace,  eyes  filled  with distress. A small drool of blood
escaped the corner of her mouth.

Carol was holding the hilt of the knife between her hands, her teeth clinched in
anguish, her eyes wide in disbelief.

Almost simultaneously  the  two  nearly  naked  women  pitched  head forward and
started to roll down the stairs. They fell into each other and now were a tangle
of jiggling breasts and long legs , high heels and lingerie. 
They came to a rest right in front  of where Laurie was standing just behind the
police tape line. Helen laying face  up  parallel  to the bottom step. Carol her
head on Helen's stomach her legs turned up the steps, her high heels resting on
several stairs up. 

Carol was already staring in  death.  But  Helen was sustaining small expiration
convulsions . As she died her face was turned towards Laurie her exquisite brown
eyes becoming fixed in death.

This is great! thought Laurie,  it  was  that  mix  of sex and violence she knew
would get her a big share tonight. She  looked at Herti. She hoped he had gotten
all with good angles. 

Back at the station they fixed up the action. They slowed down the murder of the
two lovely ladies so a audience would  get a good essay of their death paroxysms
and fall down the steeps.

They ran an ad for a line of full fashion hosiery right after the news spot,
the advertiser was pleased.

That night the late news got an 8 share the first it had ever gotten. 
The news editor was pleased.

The next day in her office Laurie got a call.
A sexy contralto on the other end of the  line said, " This is Dr. Rose Hogan of
BIOMARS, if you would like an exclusive  story,  meet  me here a 8 pm tonight. I
can't tell you anything more over the phone."

Before Laurie could say anything there was a click.

Laurie was intrigued,  BIOMARS,  that  was  that  biological warfare corporation
outside of town. Hmm maybe something she thought.

She called Hertie and they picked up a truck. 
Drove about an hour out of town. BIOMARS  was a large modern building on the top
of hill. The pretty security guard at the  front door had to call Dr. Hogan, but
they were given badges and waved on in.

They met  Dr. Hogan in here office. She was a woman about 30 with pale blue eyes
and reddish blonde hair. She  had  exquisite patrician features. Her horn rimmed
glasses only seemed to enhance her  beauty.  She  spoke in an educated voice and
had an almost military bearing. Laurie  noticed  that  Rose had a great figure ,
all in all an exquisite woman.

"Call me Rose ", she wore an open  white lab coat over her white blouse, sweater
sweater vest, and straight plaid skirt. "Lets go to the lab."

They walked down long  hallways  past  empty  offices.  "  Nobody but us and the
guards here right now", she observed.

The passed through what seemed to  be  an  airlock, a huge hinged door that Rose
carefully closed and locked. They were in a high bay area with some consoles and
lab benches. Off in the far corner on  the  room was what appeared to be a large
cylindrical water tank about 30 feet tall.

" Since there is no surveillance equipment  in here we cannot be seen or heard",
she said to them.

Laurie was looking around impressed with the equipment.
"Its just one of our projects here", said Rose.

"Ever heard of Joseph Mengle?" 

Laurie looked at her ," Was'nt  he  the  Angel  of Death at the Nazi Death Camps
during world war two?"

"Thats right, well ... we have something of his here. Come I will show you."

She guided them over to the massive water  tank  at the end of the room. As they
walked around the cylinder they found  out  that  it was half window on the side
away from the door. Transparent from the floor to the top of the tank. Inside it
looked like a giant aquarium. There  was  various water fauna and the bottom was
like that of a mud lake.

As Laurie peered closer she noticed strange forms in the water.
"What the hell are those ", she said.

"Supposed to have been biological killing machines for the nazi navy."
Rose rapped on the thick window. A creature stirred.
It was about 3 feet  long,  squat,  humanoid  but with large scales covering the
body. It had a small round  head  with  a circular mouth that showed needle-like
teeth. It had what Laurie though of as  a frog-fish head. The body was squat and
powerful looking. The hands and feet were webbed and had sharp needle like claws
on them.

Laurie thought they kind of looked  like  compact  versions of a monster she had
seen in an old black and white horror movie, The Creature from the Black Lagoon.
Except that each had external male  genitals which looked like someone nightmare
vision of a dildo.

"After Mengle escaped," Rose continued," he  went  to Paraguay were he founded a
small town in  the  jungle  and  along  with  a  crew  of former Nazi scientists
continued genetic research. These creatures  you  see here are actually children
from the Nazi death camp."

Laurie was disbelieving. " Look they would have  to be sixty or so years old and
anyway they don't look human."

"We don't know how he did it  but  he somehow took about 20 children to Paraguay
and biologically altered them. When they grew into adults this is what resulted.
The records show he and  his  fellow  researchers  had been working with strange
drugs derived from fresh water amphibians  ,  beyond that we don't know what was
done."

Laurie looked into the tank. " They all seem to be stirring."

"Yes they are interested in you and me but not him", Rose motioned to Hertie.

"Mengle was also experimenting with  chemicals  derived  from body fluids of the
most vicious sex criminals they  could  find.  Feeling  that they could create a
more fierce killing being."

"Mengle succeeded, except that  these  monsters  are  only interested in killing
women, well men too  if  they  stood  in  their  way,   which limited half their
effectiveness as instruments of  warfare.  It  even  caused  the downfall of his
installation at the lake
"Some catastrophe happened there in  about  1960  and these creatures  wiped out
the place."

"Anyway, the DOD found out about the incident and had us recover these creatures
which were still living in  the  lake.  Thought  they  might be of use for maybe
naval warfare."

Laurie regarded Rose, " So why are you telling us this?"

Anger flashed in  Rose's  handsome  blue  eyes,"  the  assholes  have closed the
project. I have had a long fight with  them and now I'm going to bust this whole
thing wide open."

"You want to expose their hypocrisy in dealing with all this NAZI stuff?"

"Fuck that", Rose bit off, " I just want to screw them."

Laurie smiled, she liked that.

Lauie looked into the tank. " Well, ok.  Wish we could get them to moving around
a little more, they just sit there staring at us."

"O you want to see something, come here."  She led Laurie to the ladder that ran
to the top of the tank. We go  up,  you stay here," she motioned to Hertie," get
better pictures and they are not interested in you anyway."

"Follow me." Rose mounted the ladder, climbing was not easy in her high heels 
but she made her way.

Laurie began to climb to. She  looked  down  ,  Hertie  was at the bottom of the
ladder taking video straight up. She  looked  up. She was glad Rose's suit skirt
was a full one because in the bright lights of she could see right up her dress.
The hem of her skirt and wide  nylon  slip flared out. Rose wore tautly gartered
light tan hosiery and a tight pair of thin white panties. She had a good-looking
pair of legs .
Hertie was getting it all down on video.

That was not all Hertie was getting. Laurie wore a business suit too with a wide
skirt too and she was giving him a  grand view of her athletic legs. Except that
her garter belt and bone white  hosiery    she  was showing off plenty since she
wore no underwear. She took the  rungs  slowly  to  show off the thatch of straw
colored pubic hair and her cute tight pussy.
Well, maybe, she thought, edit it out later.

A catwalk ran around the top. The spacing in the grill was close enough that the
high heels of the ladies did not get  caught,  but for the beasts below it was a
grand leg show.

"They are getting agitated now", Rose said.

"I am not sure I like those freaks looking up my dress."

Rose ignored her. " Come over here by  the drop ladder, there is less railing to
obstruct the view." She led the way to an access platform with a ladder that was
retracted out of the water."

"Look at them  now,  they  are  getting  erections."  Rose  peered down into the
water." You should see the  sex  organs  on  these  things.  They are about a 18
inches long when erect, but  the  texture  is  like hard rubber. They have these
indentations on the side which  will  activate  and  things like rose thorns are
extruded. We know they  do  that  during  the  sex  act  to engaged and hold the
females of their species. We  have  some  of  those too. Keep them separate, the
males don't do violence to them, just human females."

Hertie counted five of the monsters in  the  tank. Only three of them were fully
active right now. They darted about their huge pricks hard and evil looking.

"Can they live out of the water", Laurie asked.

"They are amphibians, and they are dangerous in and out of the water."

"Look at their little bug eyes," Rose bent down on the platform to point out the
three creatures near the surface," they would just love to get at us."

What the fuck!, Laurie thought, time for some excitement. With a well aimed kick
she shoved the woman scientist into the tank. The water cut off her yelp.

Rose called for help.
 
Laurie just smiled at her.

The creatures were startled but now from  their  point of view a graceful pair a
stockinged legs appeared before them. Rose's lab coat floated behind her and the
suit skirt and a white slip floated in a cloud about her hips.

She quickly swam to the side  of  the  tank.  Laurie was amazed when she saw the
woman lunge up to grasp the bottom run of the retracted access ladder.
At the same time scaly claws clutched  after her. All the creature could catch
hold of was the top of Rose's panties.  These ripped right off her legs and over
her high heels.

She started to pull her self up on the ladder but Laurie was ready. She jabbed a
high heel into Rose's slim fingers. She cried out in pain and fell back into the
water.

This time a strong claw closed on her ankle pulling her down. 
Underwater Rose did the best she could to contend with the creatures.
The high heels she wore had a strap  across the ankle so she could not kick them
off.

The three beasts were alive with blood rage. 
The two others woke up.
One yanked her down by her skirt,  she  unzipped  it and it pulled away. But she
was free for only a second when another caught her slip, it tore off leaving her
nude from the waist down except for  her  heels, tan hose and white garter belt.
This seemed to excite them even more.

They wrested open her white blouse.  A  claw reached up and pulling forward with
great force split her bra.  The  garment  was  shoved underneath her breasts. Two
fine mounds bobbed into view, topped by  perfect brown nipples, stiff now in the
cold water.

The tatters of her ripped up sweater, blouse, and lab coat billowed around her. 
The creatures made to attempt to tear away this frayed clothing.
She shook her head her thick  hair  swishing in the water. Implausibly she still
wore her glasses.

One of the creature was on her back.  Her eyes widened in panic as his huge male
member penetrated her asshole. His dork was  so  big it was an effort for him to
thrust it into  her.  Rose's  face  contorted  in  pain.  Underwater he rode her
doggish fashion.
Rose was beginning to loose consciousness.  The monster sensing this brought her
to the surface where she could catch her breath.

Mean little buggers ,  Laurie  observed,  they  aren't making Rose's death easy.
Laurie liked that.

Laurie looked over the side to check  to  see if Hertie was getting all of this.
He was.

Rose was in agony. Being butt fucked by  one of the monsters was bad enough, but
he drove the needles on  the  side  of  his  obscene dick into her insides. From
behind he grasped her shapely breasts  driving  his needle talons into the fair

flesh. He sank needle teeth  into  the  back  of  her  neck griping her hard and
pulling her body into a distortion of agony.
The other creatures just  watched  their  big  male  organs  stiff as steel with
sexual excitement.

She screamed underwater. 

The creature tired of his game. After the forth time he did not bring her to the
surface. Rose began to  convulse  uncontrollably  her mouth open bubbles rushing
upward. The creature screwing her  became  excited  by  her death throes. As she
expired in jerks and spasms he  came.  Her  mouth open trying to draw a useless
breath, Rose stared in a wide  eyed  mask  of  pain and death. A cloud of seamen
inscribed her thighs.

Jez, Laurie thought, that little guy must have let out a quart of cum.

Active now, the two remaining  creatures  joined their friends. They played with
Rose's dead body tossing it like a toy between themselves. 

Two of the monsters swam to  the  surface  to watch Laurie, longingly looking up
here dress.
Laurie felt a kind of dangerous libidinous excitement.

Below Hertie had stopped taping, he was looking at a switch on the side of the
tank. He looked up a Laurie and smiled, then hit the switch.

The retractable ladder dropped into the tank.

Laurie looked down at him, " Hertie you son of bitch."

Scaly obscene beings began to scramble up the ladder. 

Laurie got quickly on the outside ladder and shimmied down.

She ignored Hertie and made for the door. 
She noticed now that the  massive  thing  did  not  have  a handle on it and she
remembered Rose had put the  keys  in  the  pocket  of  her lab coat. Shit , she
thought, those were at the bottom of the tank now.

She turned around. The creatures were lumbering across the floor there big dicks
straight out front their bodies in anticipation of mayhem.
. She was hoping it would be more awkward out of the water.
She ran around the consoles. She  beaned  the  first of the little monsters with
her sound recorder. This seemed to stun it.

There was Hertie with his camera taking it all in. "Come on Hertie, if you don't
help me the things are going to kill me." He just smiled.

Finally one of the creatures  got  a  good  grip  on  hem  of her tan skirt. She
whirled away. The material split with  a  ripping sound. Another clutched at her
torn slip but she got away.

They got her in a corner. She fought like a wildcat. She kicked one in the balls
and he went down. Another raked her  slip off leaving bloody streaks on her trim
thighs. 

She grabbed a fire extinguisher off  the  wall  and punched one of them out with
it. But another catching the bottom of her suit coat jerked that up and over her
head causing her to  drop  the  extinguisher.  Another  little fiend took up the
extinguisher and with a well aimed shot knocked her cold.

The five freaks moved carefully now to pin her arms and legs down. While waiting
for her to revive they  ripped  her  blouse  down the front. Braless her breasts
were impeccable mounds of fair skin. They pinched flawless nipples between scaly
claws reveling in the grimaces on her dazed refined face as she felt the pain.

She finally came around. She screamed  as  they  sank talons into the expanse of
bare flesh above her stocking tops.
She struggled with them hurling her body about in a frenzy.

One of the creatures sat down and motioned to his comrades. The lifted Laurie
and turned her around and sat her  down  on the creature. He guided his big ugly
and spiny prick into her pussy. Lorie screamed in pain.
He began to fuck her.

One of the creatures brought over a wire cable and a metal bar.
While the others held her he fashioned a loop and put it around Laurie's neck.
Slipping the bar into the cable he made a garrote.

He began to strangle her. Very slowly. The creatures watched with throbbing male
members as Laurie struggled twisting her body trying to free herself.
The creature fucking her was pumping her body up and down on his big dick.

It took a long time to kill her. But finally her trachea broke.
The creature unwound the cable and  tossed  it  away, she would never be able to
get air into her lungs again.

Her mouth opened in an ugly twist, and her tongue, swollen and puffed, protruded
as she tried to suck  air  into  her  lungs.  Her  eyes were open and starred in
terror as the last throes of horror  at  the ultimate outrage of death. Her legs
kicked a little, her fingers  clawed  at  her  throat as though there were still
something there she could pull away.

Her eyes glazed and she pitched her  breasts in a wild, uncontrollable effort to
get air into her lungs.
Her eyes finally became transfixed in death and her body stilled.

The creature screwing her was enraged  with sexual exhilaration. He came so hard
his dick popped out of her cunt and his cum geysered hitting the poor dead woman
underneath the chin. When he finished he  let  her body drop with a hard thud to
the concrete floor.

The creatures dragged her body back to the tank and put it with Rose's.
Both dead women floated with their tatter clothes waving about them in an erotic
striptease of defeat and death.

The little monsters linked arms underwater and  made a creepy muted song as they
watched the two dead women drifting in the tank.

The three  who  had  not  satisfied  themselves  now  moved  in  for  a feast of
necrophelic action.

Two of them moved to  Lauries  dead  body,  while  one  got his dick between her
breasts the penetrated her anus. They pumped on the dead woman.

The other moved to Rose. He  guided  his  rock  hard member into her that frozen
scream on the mouth. His prick was so  big the top of scraped against her teeth,
he shivered with joy at the  stimulation.  He  grasped her by the ears and poked
the big dick down her throat.  He  pumped  this way for minutes savoring the way
his balls bounced off the dead woman's chin. Finally he could feet the explosive
surge of his climax and he exploded  his jiz coursing into her mouth. The creamy
stuff streamed from the corners of her mouth.

The two with Laurie came at the  same  time  , wisps of semen drifted all about
the tank.

The creatures rested for about a hour  and then came back and fucked and screwed
the dead women again and again until they got tired and went to sleep.

Hertie taped as much as he could. Then without much effort he magically unlocked
the heavy security door.
He left it open.
He stopped at the security  desk  were  the  pretty little black haired security
guard took his badge. "  Laurie  will  be  along  shortly,  I will be out in the
truck."  She accepted his explanation.  He  looked  at her and wondered what the
creatures would do to  her  when  they  finally  noticed they could escape their
captivity. But he drove on off.

In the morning they found the woman  guard  stripped , raped and dead .. sprawled
across the desk at the security post.  

And the creatures gone.

Back in Laurie office the computer tech was finishing with Laurie's machine.
"Say George here is a tape some guy dropped with the camera pool, he said it was
a newstape from Laurie. They said they have never seen this guy before."

"Ok, I'll take it. Say did you find out what was wrong with Laurie's machine?"

"O, nothing in the hardware. But  this  software  was sold to us with a computer
virus in it. Have you seen Laurie.?"

"Nope, well I'll tell her later, I guess?"

That night the late news got its ten share.