Copyright © 1996 Conure.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





Subject: Tender Cousins by Conure (M/F Cons Inc)


                       Tender Cousins
                          By Conure

     It all started when Mel was sleeping over one night and
my  brother, Mark, was baby-sitting us while my parents were
out.  Mel (my cousin Melissa) and I had come in form playing
outside and asked Mark when we were going to have dinner.
     "Well, Mel and Heidi, I'll make you two a deal.  If you
wear these I'll make you what ever you want."  We looked  at
each  other  and giggle as he held up what looked  like  two
towels.   They  were really two pieced of material  about  6
feet long, 8 inches wide with a hole cut right in the middle
to put your head through.
      I wear one for Mark with nothing under it when ever my
parents  aren't home.  I never new why he asked me  to  wear
it, but he was my brother and I did what he wanted because I
loved him.
     Mel and I grabbed them and started for the bedroom when
Mark  stopped us.  "Ah, you have to put them on in front  of
me though."
      We  turned  our backs to him and took off our  shirts,
pulling the outfit on then removing our bras and the rest of
our clothes.  He made us each turn around slowly in front of
him and then he made dinner for us.
      Mel  was  a  little uncomfortable in the  outfit,  but
didn't  say anything to Mark.  After I told her I  wear  one
all  the  time for him, she seemed to relax.  After  we  ate
dinner  Mark  suggested that Mel and I play Twister  and  he
would spin for us.
      We  agreed.  While we set up the twister, Mark got out
the  camcorder and set it on a the tripod.  Once he  got  it
all  set, he popped in a tape and started recording.  He had
us introduce ourselves to the camera and the game began.
     It started out easy, as it always does, but when we got
on  all fours, our outfits exposed our bodies, and at times,
my  naked  belly would rub against some part of Mel's  naked
body.   At  one point in the game, Mel's knees was  pressing
into my pussy.  It felt great and I rubbed me crotch against
her, trying not to be noticeable.
      Mark said game rules were who ever lost would have  to
go naked for the rest of the night, which made the game more
interesting.  I could see why he would want to do it,  since
Mel  was  really developed for a 13 year old.  On the  other
hand,  at  12, I was thin as a rail and had no  hair  on  my
crotch.  She had budding tits and peach fuzz on her pussy.
      Eventually I fell, losing the game.  I stood in  front
of  the  camcorder  and removed my garment.   I  felt  silly
standing naked in front of my brother and cousin!  I noticed
Mel's face was begging to flush.
     We played cards and watched some TV for the rest of the
evening, all with me naked.  Bedtime rolled around and  Mark
sent us to bed, which of course I had to go to naked.
      While laying in bed naked next to Mel (who was wearing
a  nightshirt), she asked me a question, "Heidi,  you  wanna
try somethin'?"
     "What?" I asked.  Mel fidgeted.
      "Well,  I went to the bathroom late one night and  Mom
and  Dad  left the bedroom door open.  I saw Daddy  touching
Mommy  down there and she was moaning and begging him to  do
more!  Can I try it on you?"
      I  was  still for a second, not knowing what  to  say,
shrugged  my shoulders and said, "Okay, but if it hurts  you
have to stop..."  She said okay in agreement and I felt  her
hand rest on my tummy.
      She slid her hand down to my pussy and started to rub.
It wasn't long before I was getting wet and tingly, I spread
my  legs  open  as  she slid her finger into  my  crack.   I
groaned as her finger played with my clit and hole.  It felt
wonderful.
      The  room started to spin as she rubbed my little  nub
faster  and  faster.   I  grabbed  the  sheets  and  pulled,
thrashing  my head from side to side trying not  to  make  a
sound any louder than my gasping for breath.
      Suddenly  there was an incredible rush,  I  needed  to
scream but it caught in my throat, it was hard to breath and
I  arched my body in an attempt to get air.  My body  jerked
and spasm as she rubbed my nub and hole.  It subsided and  I
dropped to the bed, tired and trembling, panting.
      Mel  leaned over me, her face an inch from mine, "This
what Daddy did after Mommy moaned like you," and placed  her
mouth over mine, parting my lips with her tongue.  We played
tongue  tag, I was getting very excited again, this must  be
soul kissing.
      I  decided  it was my turn to return the favor  to  my
cousin.   I  reached under her nightshirt to  find  she  was
sopping  wet.  I started out just like her, sliding my  hand
down her tummy to her wet spot.  She shivered and let out  a
long  trembling  breath, pushing her pussy hard  against  my
hand.
      It  wasn't  long until she was on her  back  with  her
nightshirt  off,  her tender firm body arched,  gasping  for
air.   She  was so hot sweat was running down  her  body,  I
lowered my head and licked the droplets off her chest.   She
grabbed my head, pushing it to her chest, "Oh... Heidi  suck
me... uh... please..."
      I  once again lowered my head, this time to her  erect
little  nipples  and sucked.  Apparently this  is  what  she
needed  to send her over the edge.  She was so wet  that  my
finger  actually slid inter her hole, she cried out,  biting
her lip to try to be quiet.  Her body quivered and convulsed
like  crazy.  Only her head and feet were touching the  bed,
the  rest  of her was arched and so tensed that I could  see
the  tendons  on her legs from the dim light coming  through
the window.
      She  suddenly collapsed back onto the bed, pulling  my
hand away from her dripping wet pussy.  I moved down the bed
and  decided to kiss her there.  As I kissed down her tummy,
she would jerk every time my lips came into contact with her
flesh.   I  could smell a musky odor coming from her  crack.
It  came  to the time for me to kiss her mound, I placed  my
lips over her crack and inserted my tongue like I was French
kissing it.
      She  spasmed  again, whining, "Please Heidi,  don't...
aahhhh... stop... gooooood...."  I licked away and her  body
went  through another set of arched convulsions,  this  time
she  couldn't control herself when she hit the top, she  let
out a yelp that must have woke the world!!!
     She had just collapsed onto the bed for the second time
when the bedroom door flew open and the light went on.  Mark
was  standing there, I was caught crouched naked between  my
cousins legs with my tongue in her wet pussy.
      "What  in the hell are you two doing?"  Panic hit  Mel
and  she  started  to cry.  I pulled her into  my  arms  and
kissed  her forehead.  Mark walked over to the bed  and  sat
next to us, reaching out trying to console Mel.  "It's okay,
honey..."
      "Please Mark, don't tell on us... I'll do anything for
you...  you  can  even  hurt me  if  you  have  to...  don't
tell...."  He placed his finger over her mouth to hush her.
      "Don't worry Mel, I won't rat on you two, but you WILL
have to do favors for me if you want me to keep it a secret.
Okay?"
     "I promise Mark... anything, anytime." said Mel through
sobs.
     He looked at me, "And you, Sis?"
      I  lowered  my head, not wanting Mom to find  out  and
said, "I'll do anything Mark, please don't tell..."
     He smiled at us both as he stood up.  "Mom and Dad will
be away until Wednesday.  That leaves us almost a week.  The
first rule is neither of you will need clothes unless I give
you permission to wear them.  Now, you two go to sleep."  He
leaned  over  and  tongue kissed each of  us  goodnight  and
walked out of the room with Mel's nightie in hand.
      Mel  and I cuddle together under the blankets and fell
asleep in each others arms.

























--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There......