          Tender Years
          ============
          by Caesar (92)
          
          "Are you sure you want to do this?"
          
          With an unsure voice, "Ya, it's not like were
          lesbians or anything."  A nervous laugh that
          didn't last long.
          
          There was a few seconds of awkward silence
          while the two teenagers looked at each other,
          before Caroline bent forward and pressed her
          firm lips to her best friends.  They pulled
          away and lay back onto the bed looking up at
          the ceiling.
          
          It was Lisa that spoke first, turning her
          head on the pillow facing Caroline's.  "If we
          are going to do it, then we should do it
          right?"  She had a peculiar smile on her
          lips.  Her friend didn't answer, "I
          understand if you don't want too?"
          
          "I want too!"  A little too quickly.  She
          also turned her head facing her pretty
          friend, "OK, I ready."  She looked and felt
          nervous.
          
          Sitting up, "I'll turn off the lights and
          close the blinds."  Lisa did, with a
          quickness and excitement shown by her
          movements, but those signs were missed by her
          friend.
          
          They lay for several long minutes in the
          dark, before Lisa turned onto her stomach
          facing her best friend.  They could just
          barely make out the shape of the others face,
          but could not see any features to tell if the
          other was happy or not.  Inching her way up
          the queen sized bed, Lisa placed her face
          right above the others.  In the dark, her
          friend could not see her barely contained
          excitement or trembling anticipation, but
          could feel the warm breath upon her face. 
          While Caroline bite her bottom lip with
          nervousness, questioning her motives and
          feelings of what she was doing.
          
          Slowly, so not to hit her friend, Lisa bent
          forward and, with beginners luck, placed her
          lips upon the others.  The young girl wanted
          this to be a perfect kiss.  In fact, Lisa
          often fantasized about this very moment and
          would practice what to do with her pillow
          late at night. 
          
          Caroline felt the closeness of her friend
          before she felt the moist soft lips touch
          hers.  At first neither moved.  Then Lisa
          kissed softly and slowly, her mouth opening
          gently and a tongue softly sliding into her
          friends mouth.  It was an expert kiss made
          perfectly by young women who knew how she
          liked to be kissed.  Even Caroline forgot her
          nervousness and massaged her friends tongue
          with her own, and soon even sliding it into
          the mouth of her best friend tasting and
          testing everywhere.  Lisa's head turned
          perpendicular to Caroline's, the perfect
          angle for locking lips. 
          
          Lisa was in heaven, this was better than her
          fantasies, she felt an electricity right down
          to her toes.  While Caroline forgot
          everything and her attention was completely
          focused on her lips. 
          
          They broke apart, neither knowing who did it. 
          Lisa flopped back down onto her side of the
          bed catching her breath. 
          
          It was Caroline that spoke first, "That
          wasn't so  bad?!"  Her voice was uneven,
          nervous, excited. 
          
          "No, it wasn't."  Lisa couldn't control her
          voice properly either.
          
          After a few more awkward moments before
          Caroline spoke up, "Good night Lisa."  She
          turned away, her back towards her friend. 
          
          Lisa didn't reply, she didn't want to go to
          sleep!  In fact her body was trembling with
          desire.  Since they had first met, Lisa had
          been attracted to Caroline.  The attraction
          grew into something more, until the teen
          often thought about her friend when she
          fantasized.  Both had boyfriends, and both
          were still virgins, they told each other
          everything.  But the way Lisa felt was the
          only thing she had kept from her friend. 
          When Caroline first agreed to the kiss, Lisa
          knew she was in love, that she would be the
          happiest girl alive if only her friend
          reciprocated.  The kiss had been originally
          Lisa's idea.
          
          For over half an hour, Caroline could not
          sleep, but lay in a frightful stupor.  The
          question that kept running through her head
          was, "Am I a lesbian?"  If it was just the
          kiss she could be able to answer that
          question, but the most frightening thing for
          the young girl was that she had enjoyed it. 
          Tears almost came to her eyes when she
          realized that she was sexually excited, her
          vagina was extremely wet and was even
          dampening her panties and inner thighs.  That
          scared her more than anything else, and would
          give anything to stop the thoughts and
          feelings running through her head.  Never
          once did she wonder about her best friend's
          motives, but did wonder if Lisa was feeling
          in the same way
          
          Minutes dragged into a full hour, neither
          spoke, nor did they sleep.  Caroline's body
          began to tremble, it felt like it was
          electrified with cold electricity.  Lisa only
          starred at the dark form before her imagining
          with hot desire, fantasies that she wanted to
          come true. 
          
          Though the two teens would never forget what
          they felt, they would surely fall asleep
          eventually.  The tall blond blue-eyed
          teenager may perhaps become a lesbian, or
          just liberal minded about her sexuality. 
          This encounter only enforcing her suspicions
          that she was more attracted to girls than to
          guys.  While Caroline, a short black hair
          petite girl would try to forget the one step
          towards an open sexual relationship with
          another woman.  She would probably marry,
          have kids and be happy.  But late at night
          when she couldn't sleep her mind would wander
          back to her best friend Lisa and the kiss
          they shared.
          
          But the night wasn't over!
          
          The temptations that had pressured Lisa into
          conning her friend to kiss her was also
          moving her towards something more.  Caroline
          felt the hand lay upon the top of her raised
          hip and shivered.  At first she thought it
          was the stray hand of a sleeping partner. 
          She was wrong! 
          
          Lisa may not be able to see the best friend
          in the darkness, but could easily conjure a
          picture in her mind.  When she lay her hand
          upon the other she could "see" it as  if it
          was bright as day.  So in her imagination she
          could see the attractive curve of the small
          body, specifically the hour glass figure
          created by the tiny waist.  Her hand rubbed
          upon the cloth covered skin to the small of
          Caroline's back and then up to the neck and
          head.  She rubbed and massaged back and forth
          feeling every curve and texture of the
          muscular back.
          
          Caroline barely breathed for the five minutes
          that this was happening.  Her body stopped
          trembling, but sexually, she was getting more
          excited than she had even thought possible. 
          She enjoyed the gentle touch of the other
          girl, her body wanting more.  When Lisa
          pulled her hand away, Caroline almost moaned
          in despair.  She turned onto her back, her
          head facing her friend yet again.
          
          The tiny girl wanted to taste her friends
          lips again, and was disappointed when the
          hand returned.  It rubbed along her neck then
          downward to her small pointy breasts.  No one
          had ever touched her their before.  The hand
          cupped and moulded the soft bosom gently,
          bringing a wave of delight to the tiny girl. 
          This time Caroline didn't try to conceal the
          moan she let out or the trembling that began
          again.   The hand left her breast all to
          quickly to rub down her stomach.  Lisa's
          rapid breathing was loud but her friend could
          not hear it because of her own.
          
          Then the hand lay over the damp mound of
          Caroline's sex!
          
          Caroline groaned loudly and spread her legs
          to accommodate her friends hand, which was
          pressing down.  The palm agitated the already
          enlarged clitoris bringing a wave of
          electrified passion through the little dark
          body.  Lisa could feel the heat and moisture
          that coated her hand.  For the first time,
          what she was attempting to do scared her
          young virginal mind and she pulled away from
          her friend.
          
          They just lay their frozen, Caroline excited
          and hungry, while Lisa confused and unsure. 
          This time it was the hyper-excited Caroline
          that took the initiative.  She rolled over
          against Lisa, placed one leg over and between
          the longer ones of her friend, one hand on
          the large breast of the blondes, and her lips
          pressed forward. 
          
          That first intimate touch by Caroline wiped
          away any cobwebs in Lisa's mind, and her body
          reminded her how excited it was.  She could
          feel the heat of the crotch against her bare
          leg, and the moisture covering her skin.  Her
          nipples pointed into the small palm, the
          breast too big for the tiny hand.  The lips
          hungrily kissed her, the tongue forcing
          itself into her mouth.  The small girl was
          truly in an      excited state, her body
          taking over from her mind.  Lisa had control
          of herself, but still wanted the same end. 
          The tall girl began to press her pelvis
          upwards into her friends thigh, and began to
          return the kiss.  Lisa moved her hand down to
          cup Caroline's right buttock, making her hips
          move in time with her own. 
          
          Caroline tried to stop herself, but couldn't. 
          It was as if she was watching herself do
          these things from afar.   Her body responded
          to the maneuver of her best friend and they
          began to rhythmically press their crotches
          against the others thigh.  Both were very
          close to an explosion, which Caroline had
          never felt nor knew much about.  Yet she
          desired!
          
          It was Lisa who wanted to feel her friends
          bare skin, desiring the touch of her naked
          crotch against her own sensitive thigh.  She
          began to moan into the open mouth of
          Caroline's, her tongue spearing around
          Lisa's. 
          
          They were like two animals mating in the
          dirt, striving for an orgasm, using their
          partner to achieve it.  One of the rutting
          beasts was beyond her senses, while the other
          was totally in control of herself.  Yet both
          would look exactly the same if viewed from a
          third person, if anything the small animal on
          top looked like she was in control.  Only
          thing in control of her was her sexual
          hunger!
          
          Caroline achieved an orgasm first.  The spark
          of the explosion started slowly then quickly
          spread outwards to every inch of her body. 
          It took control of her muscles and her mind. 
          Like a thunderbolt shooting through her,
          starting at her aching vagina.  Caroline bite
          into the soft neck of her friend to stop
          herself from shouting out, instead she only
          groaned loudly.  She couldn't tell how long
          it lasted but when it was over she lay over
          her inert friend exhausted and spent.  It was
          her first orgasm with another person, and it
          was the most delicious thing she had ever
          felt!
          
          Lisa felt her friend clench above her just
          before she started to spasm, every muscle
          moving independently.  The realization the
          Caroline was spending put Lisa over the top. 
          Her own orgasm was much less explosive but
          about as satisfying.  Many times did the tall
          blond masturbate to the fantasy of making
          love with Lisa, every orgasm she every had
          was with the image of her best friend on her
          mind.  She held the small dark girl tightly
          until they both stopped jerking with spasms. 
          Lisa bent forward and tenderly kissed
          Caroline's forehead.
          
          Both girls had quivering muscles and sweaty
          bodies.  In fact both of their tops were
          clung to their now sweaty bodies sticking
          them effectively together.  While their
          bottoms were sticky for another reason! 
          
          This time the girls fall asleep, wrapped in
          each others arms!
