On the rack before me were the following tiles:

  STARBES

We were only a few turns into the game, but my wife was already way ahead
(as usual).  Being an avid Scrabble player and a voracious reader, her mind
possessed an incredible vocabulary, including every two- and three-letter
word in the Scrabble Player's Dictionary.  But I enjoyed the game regard-
less of whether I won or lost, and besides it was difficult to feel bad or
discouraged about anything when Teresa was near!

Anyway, it was her turn, and she was busily shuffling her tiles back and
forth, seeking out the elusive "Bingo" word.  I was doing likewise, and
silently cursing the Tile God for the two S's in the rack.  (If one were
an R, I'd have BARTERS; if one were an E, I'd have REBATES; and so on etc.)
Of course it was INEVITABLE that Teresa would play on the open triple word
spot.  And sure enough, her fingers lightly grasped a whole mess of tiles
from her rack, reached across, and plopped MOVERS down on the triple, con-
necting the S to LICE to form SLICE.  Well at least it's not a Bingo, I
thought.  She jotted down her score, turned the board around to face me,
grabbed her new tiles, and got up.  "Got to use the RR, honey -- be right
back!"  I nodded and smiled at her, and my smile grew as she got up.  Some-
thing just below my belt began to grow too.  We'd been married seven years,
but the time had not diminished her beauty and sexiness, nor my incessant
horniness every time I looked at her.  As she moved I could see her large,
firm breasts jiggle slightly beneath her blouse, and her hips (heck, her
whole body!) moved so sexily as she walked away.  My cock was beginning to
really press against my shorts, and I knew right then that I would not be
able to fully concentrate on the game tonight!

But I WANTED to get a Bingo word and bring my score up at least to the
same number of digits as her score.  I looked at my tiles, then at the
board, then back at my tiles, then started shuffling them.

  REBATSS  RESTABS (stabs again?)  BARTESS  STRABES (is that a word?)
  STEARBS  BASTERS  BREASTS

It practically leaped off the rack at me.  I searched the board fran-
tically for a word I could stick an R or S on the end or beginning of,
and found it.  Yay!  I was putting the word on the board just as my wife
reentered the room.  Now it was the Goddess of Coincidences who was
playing games with me, but I sure wasn't complaining.

She was not wearing the same thing she had been when she'd left.  In
fact, she was wearing very little now.  A nearly transparent lace bra
lifted her glorious mounds, the nipples pointing right at me and taunting
me through the fabric.  Very negligable lace panties started way up be-
hind her back and plunged around the front and down between her legs.
She walked slowly up to the table, then sat down.  On her face was that
smile of hers that told me that tonight was to be a long and sleepless
one.  I just stared at her, and below the table my cock stood and saluted.
I was mentally drooling (maybe physically too!) for who knows how long,
until she broke my reverie by giggling and pointing at the board.  I
followed the line of her finger to the word I had just played.  "Oh yeah!"
I said with a big grin, "that's my play!  Let's see, that's uh, hmmm....
sixty-seven points."  She wrote my score on the sheet as I grabbed seven
new tiles, then turned the board toward her.  All the while that smile
never left her face.  As she pondered her play, one of my feet decided to
take matters into its own hands (toes?), and it went out in search of the
wonderful female legs that were under the table somewhere.  At a point
probably right underneath Teri's tile rack, the foot made contact with
one soft smooth thigh.  Teri's smile grew wider, but she continued to
shuffle her tiles and ponder her play like a professional.

The nerve cells covering the surface of my sole sent messages of sheer
pleasure to my brain as my foot rubbed her thigh.  (Sure beats a cold
linoleum floor!)  My toes slid up until they reached a sexy hip, then
my big toe hooked itself under the strap of her panties.  I could feel
her shift slightly, and she looked up at me with her "I'm ready if you
are!" leer.  "Do you have a play?" I asked her.  In response, she lif-
ted some tiles out of her rack and played SEX, with the X landing on a
triple-letter square.  She recorded her 27 points and turned the board
to me.  Only half of my mind was available to ponder my tiles, as the
other was busy keeping tabs on what my toe was doing.

  QOTKCIL

As usual, I had the Q and no U.  No U's on the board that I could
hook to, either.  Darn.  Ponder ponder ponder...  Meanwhile my toe
was pondering ITS next move.  Go up and explore her abdomen and tickle
her naval, or head down the strap to where it went between her legs,
then under there...?  A very difficult choice for a simple toe.  What
the heck, let's take the Great Circle Route.  My other toes followed
my big toe under the strap, my whole foot right behind.  Pretty soon
the strap was around my ankle and my foot was planted on her belly, the
big toe touching the lower fringe of her bra.  The foot began to squirm
and rub, and my toes ticked every square inch of skin within their
reach, including the bottoms of Teri's boobs.  She was giggling now,
surely unable to plan her next play ahead!  The shrinking portion of
my mind still devoted to the game settled on a word, and I played it:
LICK.  Teri looked at it, then at me, and said very softly, "ooooooh."
I told her the score and turned the board around for her and took my
new tiles, then allowed my whole consciousness to focus on the action
under the table.

My foot began to slide down under the crotch of her panties.  My toes
began to slide across hair, and Teri sucked in her breath sharply as
she tried to concentrate on her tiles.  The toes clutched and extended,
pulling on little tufts of hair that felt warmer and warmer as my foot
descended.  Teri's free leg came up, and her foot landed on my leg and
began to explore and caress on its own!  My little toe alighted on the
top of her pussy, and she closed her eyes and licked her lips as her
hands came to her breasts.  Her foot snaked up my leg until her toes
were on the throbbing bulge of my shorts.  Intense horniness was
rapidly consuming me, and I knew I wouldn't be able to just sit there
much longer.  Apparently she felt the same, for she plucked three tiles
off her rack and set them on the board, not bothering to connect the
word to anything.

The word was NOW.

Teri jumped up, laughed, and ran out of the room.  Oh was I HORNY!!!

I got up, grabbed the bowl of popcorn that was sitting next to the Scrabble
board, and headed after her.  "I'M COMING FOR YOU!!!" I yelled.  "I"M GONNA
RIP ALL YOUR CLOTHES OFF AND EAT YOU UP!!!"  I could hear her shout from the
bedroom, "Eeeeek!!  A rapist cannibal!"  My dick was pointing straight out,
leading the way down the hall.  When I entered the bedroom, I saw her knock-
out body lying on the bed.  She'd removed her bra and pulled on one of my
old T-shirts.

"Here I come," I whispered, and made drooling sounds like some sex maniac
who'd broken into the house.  She squirmed and writhed on the bed, saying
"no, please, don't hurt me, don't eat me, I'll do anything, please..."
Her body writhed and undulated, the large breasts jiggling and moving back
and forth underneath the T-shirt.  I set the popcorn bowl on the nightstand
and sat down on the bed next to her.  My hands went out and landed on each
side of her body.  "No please don't hurt me don't eat me I'll do anything
don't kill me" she whispered.  Her boobs continued to wiggle and jiggle
intoxicatingly, and my hands headed that way of their own volition.  They
came to her breasts and squeezed.  "Ooooooh!" she moaned, as her whole body
seemed to spasm in response to the feel of my clutching hands.  That darn
T-shirt was hiding those beautiful boobs, her delicious body, oooh I had
to look at it, feel it, lick it, kiss it...!!!  My hands slid down to the
bottom front of the shirt, and took firm hold.  Muscles flexing, fueled
by intense horniness, my arms pulled my hands away from each other.
RRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIPPPP!  The shirt was torn from the bottom up to about
the midpoint between her luscious mounds.  My tongue and lips dove into
the newly created fault line, licking and sucking and kissing the warm
sweet flesh.  Her hands came up and rested upon the back of my head.  My
tongue darted and danced, around and into her naval, all over, back and
forth, tasting that wonderful squirming undulating flesh!  Then it slid
up to her boobs, and my nose was stopped by the end of the rip.  I had
to have those tits!!  I grabbed the shirt again, right on top of her
breasts, and ripped the shirt all the way up.  The shirt parted, reveal-
ing those heavenly globes I had to have so badly.  My hands and mouth
dove in for the kill!

Teri clutched fiercely at my back as my hands kneaded and squeezed her boobs
and my lips and tongue played with her big hard nipples.  I squeezed and
sucked and licked and rubbed, then I raised my head up and eyed the fabulous
female under me.  She just lay there, her beautiful body waiting eagerly for
whatever maniacal sex act I would dish up next.  I reached up to the night-
stand and grabbed the bowl of popcorn, then tipped it up and poured the pop-
corn all over her body.

"Eeeeeeeee!!!" she squeaked.  "Time to EAT!!!" I grunted, then began to
feast on the popcorn right off her body!  I gobbled up popcorn, my tongue and
lips and teeth going all over her to get at the fluffy kernels.  There was
one lodged in her naval that I had to dig out with my tongue and lips, which
also proved joyously necessary to get them out from between her big boobs!
Teri was giggling hysterically, and I picked up a few kernels and dropped
them in her mouth.

After the popcorn was gobbled up, I continued to go at her breasts with
great fervor.  Then after a while my tongue began its downward slide, down
past her naval, with my fingers just ahead of it to pull her panties down-
ward.  My tongue found pubic hairs and danced lightly in them and twirled
them around.  It brushed the top of her clit and went a bit lower and darted
across her clit again and again, as her hips writhed all around.  Then my
tongue began its descent, wiggling back and forth and up and down as it went.
It danced and pranced and went in and out, and when it went down all the way
my lips tickled and teased her pussy lips.  My happy fingers also were pre-
sent, sliding along the sides of her clit and toying with the lips.  Then I
pulled out and spread her legs for my Incredible Hulk (the name was a joke
between us!).  He was throbbing and ready as I guided him into her hot chan-
nel.  I grabbed her thighs for leverage as the Hulk pistoned in and out of
her, over and over.  Her whole body shook back and forth with the force, and
her breasts swam up and down along her chest.  She grabbed her boobs with her
hands and pulled on the nipples, and her tongue snaked out of her mouth and
licked her lovely lips.  The Hulk shoved and heaved and pushed and pulled,
and then he exploded with hot liquid energy!  After a few more thrusts I
withdrew, and gently lay down on top of her and wrapped my arms around her.
Just having her snuggled against me was the greatest joy of all.

                        --- R.E.E.


