Archive-name: Changes/terrdebb.txt
Archive-author: She Devil
Archive-title: Terry Does Debbie


     I decided that I was not going to let Deborah divorce me. She
had all the money.  What was I going to do after she left?  Get a
job?

     I hadn't worked a day since college.  I had it figured out.
Marry rich and live off the fat of her ass.  Deborah was loaded
with everything.  She was movie star pretty with bags of inherited
money. Best of all, she owned the family business and ran it, so
that more money than we could ever spend rolled in  every year. I
couldn't think of ways to spend it all.

     Hey, don't give me that!  Broads do it.  They meet some rich
guy and stick their tits in his chest and make goo-goo eyes and
suck his dick until smoke comes out the top of his head. And it's
all okay because women are allowed...no,  expected  to  fuck  and
suck their way into a rich guys' bed. Hell, they write songs about
it!

     Deborah was finding herself.  She was defining her limits,
getting in touch with her inner child's need for respect and love.
What a load of crap!  She was getting ready to dust
me off. Sure, we'd start in therapy. Pretty soon, she's got me
painted as the bad guy. The therapist would be another cunt so you
know all this women's lib bullshit would dump on my head.

     I just didn't fucking need it.

     I decided then and there that the bitch had to go. But the
catch, of course, was to eliminate the slut but keep a tight grip
on the cash.  I was at a loss for words and she was getting
impatient.

     My excuses to put off a visit to her ballbreaker shrink were
wearing thin. Then, I read in the newspaper about twin brother and
sister who had won a Halloween contest as each other.

     You see, one of the things that had drawn Deborah to me was
that we looked freakily  alike.  Height, weight, features,
coloring, we were unbelievably similar.  What if I had her
kidnapped and sold her, or something?  Then, I would take her place
and keep her going in the public eye.  When I knew that she was
disposed  of, I could set up an air-tight alibi for my male
identity and Deborah could vanish. Of course, a will that left me
everything would be found with lawyers ready to say they had seen
"Deborah" sign it.

     I started looking for advertisements in the mercenary
magazines but they all struck me as written by crazies.  Then I
tried the sex magazines.  I was getting pretty frustrated and damn
angry.  Deborah had laid out the law to me.  Either we started
therapy next week or I was out of the house.

     I  heard about a woman who offered complete passable
feminization and kinky behavior modification. I wrote to a post box
by priority mail. I was running out of time.  I was sitting by the
pool when the phone rang.

     "Hello?"  I was annoyed that Graciela, the lazy housekeeper,
hadn't answered.

     "Is this Terry?"

     The caller was a woman, a deep husky voice, warm and erotic
but very assured. The Woman?

     "Yeah, it is.

     Who's calling?"

     "I'm responding to your very interesting letter.  The one that
talked about your living as a woman and the involuntary training. 
I take that to mean, your wife."

     "Ah,.. well, let's not get too.."

     Was I being set up?  Was this a cop?

     "Look, ah .. Miss,   Miss..What is your name?"

     "I go by many names.  You can call me She Devil."

     "Gee,  uh..She Devil, why don't you come on over and we can
sit in the pool and discuss the whole thing?"

     "Afraid the call is being tape recorded.

     Shit, she was quicker than I expected. "Smart move.  You're
brighter than I usually see in my line of work."

     "And the pool is a nice touch. Naked, I presume.  No body
wires, no recordings.  You'll have the spa running and no one can
hear a thing."

     Silence.  Was she laughing at me?  I didn't like this nasty
twat one bit.  Too damn uppity for my tastes.

     When this was all over and I was rich as shit, I was going to
bring her ass down a peg or three.

     "I'll be there."  I gave her directions and waited.

                         **************

     "Now I'll say this one last time and you agree with me as I
go.  I just want to make sure I understand."

     I nodded my agreement.

     "You want me to kidnap your wife. I'm to dispose of her anyway
I see fit.  I can kill her if I want as long as I make sure no one
will ever see her again."

     "I have to make you look like her twin and set you up to
impersonate her."

     "And for all of this you pay me $1,000,000 on kidnapping.  And
another million when I come to take you for your follow up
medicals."

     Do I have this straight?"

     That was it exactly.  I told her so and we shook hands. This
She Devil, or whoever she was, was surprisingly strong.

                         **************


We begin with a much changed Terry.
===============================================

     I examined myself in the mirror. I told Deborah that I was
going camping for the week end and that,  on Monday, we would call
the therapist together and make the first appointment.  She gave me
a big happy kissed and said she hoped that I would have a good
time.

     Right!  Fuck off, slut.  Your days are numbered.

     Now I checked myself out head to toe.  I had long tawny hair
and full round breasts.  My hips were well rounded and I had great
legs. One of She Devil's technicians had injected me with dozens of
shots that had changed me outwardly into a girl.  A latex false
vagina concealed my last bit of masculinity trace. I was the
spitting image of Deborah.

     I sat in the van as they carried her out. A wide piece of
medical tape covered her mouth.  Deborah's arms were trapped in a
vicious looking straight jacket.  Roughly, they tossed my wife into
the van and left. I handed She Devil her million in small bills and
she was gone.

     Deborah usually left for the office at 8:00 A.M.  I cruised to
work in an olive silk suit.  The cream, patent leather heels had
taken a bit of practice to manage in, but I was comfortable walking
in them now.  She Devil had me listen to audio tapes under hypnosis
and I found the little gestures that girls make coming to me
naturally.

     I came down the aisle, through the glass doors to the
Executive Suite of TRB, Inc.,  dreading an outcry.  I had never
been here before.  Nice digs!  No one said a word.  I sat behind
"my" desk and opened Deborah's mail.

      "Debbie," a voice came over my intercom. "Get your butt in
here and don't bother to change."

I recognized the voice.  It was Bruno, a neanderthal type Deborah
had hired, all of a sudden, to head up marketing.

     And what was this "Debbie" shit

     She hated to be called "Debbie". I did that once and she tore
my head off.  The bitch said it was a name for bimbos in pick up
"meat market" bars.  And why should I change my clothes?  I was
going to straighten this guy out fast.

     "Okay, Bruno", I answered. "Give me a few minutes and I'll be
right over."

     I finished the mail, downed the last of my coffee and went to
find his office.  When I went in, Bruno was behind the door.
Slowly, he pushed it shut.

     "Why did you keep me waiting, Debbie", Bruno demanded.

     Okay, here goes.  "I don't appreciate being called..."

    The next thing I knew I was over his knee being spanked!  Hard!
My legs flew up and I started to cry. It hurt as bad as anything I
had ever felt.

     Back on my feet, tottering on my heels and rubbing my sore
backside, I stood there.  Bruno came up and hissed in my ear.

     "What makes you think that you get to say anything, you stupid
cunt?"

     I didn't know what Deborah had gotten herself into but this
was very wrong.  Bruno had to be out of his mind.  As soon as I got
out of here, I was calling the cops.

     "Did you forget my dirt file on you, the one with the evidence
in it?  The one that has the proof that you sold defective goods to
the government?  The one that can put you in prison?"

     BLACKMAIL!!

     Deborah was being blackmailed and I had taken her place.  Now,
I saw why Bruno could call her "Debbie" if he wanted to.  If I
didn't go along with him, he'd smell a rat.  Debbie's disappearance
might turn up or he could turn me in for her crimes, collect a big
reward and I'd be a half-sexed male in prison.  Maybe for
kidnapping my wife, or for fraud, or maybe even both.  Either way,
I had no where to turn except to do as I was told.  I would have to
play along! ! !

     "No, Bruno, I didn't forget.  I'm sorry, Bruno..OOWWHH!"  He
smacked me on the ass again.

     "How did I tell you to address me?  As Sir, or Master,  or Mr.
Bruno. And, when I'm using you as my whore, as Honey and Darling,
right, Cunt!

     "Yes, Sir", I stammered.

     "I bought you a new discipline uniform to wear.  I didn't
appreciate your crack the last time we played games that I must
like little boys.  So you put this outfit on and I'll teach you
something new."

     I opened the box up like a bomb was ticking inside.  It was
dark blue velvet and gleaming white satin and lace.   A Little Lord
Fauntleroy suit, this would be humiliating to any woman.  Worse
even than man in such a sissy get up.

     I stripped naked as  Bruno watched and started to get dressed.
There were opaque white hose that attached to a fat gartered belt.
I fought the tiny satin covered buttons on the sissy blouse.  It
was too small across the bustline and my nipples poked out through
the satin, like stiff little thumbs.

     The black velvet shorts were sizes too tight.  I pulled and
tugged.  It seemed to take forever before I got them up to my waist
and then I couldn't get the zipper closed.  Worse, the rear was cut
out to expose my ass, right down to my crotch.  Bruno made me put
my thumbs in my mouth as he used a fine steel hook to zip me shut. 
I felt like  a  vise had clamped me about the hips.

     Next came a little black velvet jacket and a big straw hat. 
I teetered in black patent pumps with six inch heels in front of
the mirror.  My ankles wobbled constantly, I couldn't stop it.  The
heels were too high and Bruno kept rubbing my ass.

     Without warning,  I was being bent over a padded rail.  My
waist was tied down to the padded bar.  My ankles were tied to the
uprights.  I was trapped.  Bruno took my right thumb and put some
kind of rubber doughnut on it.  My thumb,  rubber do-hickey and
all, was shoved in my mouth.  Bruno gave it a sharp squeeze.  I
could feel something break inside the rubber and suddenly my mouth
was filled.  I was gagged, sucking my thumb.

     "Now, I want you to hold onto this lace hankie while I fuck
you in the ass, Debbie.  If you drop it, I'm going to leave you
like this all day with a big dildo rammed up  your poop chute."

     "If it hurts too much, you can wave your hankie like the
little girl you are.  And just think, from now on, I'm going to
make you wear lace hankies to work everyday, just to remind you
that I can fuck you in the ass whenever I feel like it."

     I could feel the pressure as his prick was pressed against my
sphincter.  I didn't go for this fag shit.  I was all MALE, dammit!
I tried to scream but the gag muffled everything.  And I tried to
resist but a few ringing slaps to my head stopped that.

     As the head of his cock forced itself inside the tight ring of
my rear, sweat broke out on my forehead. My arm ached from waving
the lace hankie, anything to get him to stop.  Relentlessly, Bruno
sawed in and out of me.  It never got pleasurable.  It was rape,
pure and simple, and I didn't dare tell a soul.

     Finally, I could feel the hot spurts of his semen jetting into
my bowels.  I tried to shake him off.  I didn't want this last
ultimate invasion.  Amidst all the pain, I hadn't realized that
this was the obvious end of what was happening to me.  After he
pulled out, Bruno walked around in front of me.

     His glistening still erect organ was in my face.  I looked up
to see him smirking down at me.

     "Not bad for a cherry asshole.  After a while, you'll loosen
up and I'll fuck you like a hot iron in butter".  I lay there
quivering.  The hankie fell from my hand!.

     Bruno stooped and picked it up. "You must like getting butt
fucked more than I thought."

     I could feel the cold plastic vibrator filling the space
Bruno's penis had just vacated.  The thing was switched on and my
entire lower belly began to vibrate.  I could feel my penis begin
to swell inside it's tight latex cover.   I was in agony.

     And Bruno left me there the rest of the day.

                         **************


We enter on another day of work for our hero(ine)
================================================

     "Debbie, get in here!"

     "Yes, Sir, Mr. Bruno".  I grabbed a new stick of gum and
popped it into my mouth.  I took a quick glance in the mirror.

     Bruno had me visit a dressmaker.  I hadn't liked the way the
fitter laughed as she took my measurements. My skirt was mid calf
without a vent.  I was totally hobbled in my high heels.  My
matching jacket had big mutton sleeves and a velvet collar. The
artist's blouse sported a big collar and rolled back sleeves that
fostered a Victorian effete look.  And an oversized crimson, laced
hankie draped from my wrist.

     I looked like an overdressed fool.  Or Oscar Wilde's version
of a fag hag.

     "I'm here, Mr. Bruno,"  I panted as I walked in.

     Bruno liked to see me hurry over so quickly that I arrived out
of breath.  It made him seem even more important to the customers.
     "I want you to meet Roger Carasso from Los Angeles.  He's
talking about a joint marketing agreement for Southern California".

     "Oh that would be just super", I squealed.

     Bruno had made it clear.  In front of the customers, I was to
come across like an airhead.  If I showed one ounce of business
sense, I'd have a baseball bat shoved up my rump.  "Rog, Debbie
here is just the sweetest little gal.  Real enthusiastic, you know.
Not too much on the brains but a real entertainer."

     I blushed.  Bruno was always doing this to me.  Telling the
clients that I was stupid but a great fuck.  Like he was humping me
whenever he wanted.  True, he was, but I hated the way he
advertised it.

     "Can I get you some coffee?  Or maybe some tea?"

     I made myself useful as Bruno's "trophy" bimbo until they both
grew bored with me.  Gradually I drifted out and picked up the
phone.  I slipped the annoying chandelier earring from my left ear.

     She Devil answered.

     "Hello, it's Debbie..uh, I mean, Deborah.  How are we doing?
Is she disposed of?"

     If Deborah was gone, I could change back to my masculine self,
get out from under Bruno's thumb and take over.  I leaned back
towards the meeting and listened.  Bruno and the guy from L.A. were
still busy trying to screw each other.

     "The package is nearly tied up but there are still a few loose
ends", she said.  "But I assure you, when I'm done, other than
yourself, no one will ever see Debbie, ah..that is, Deborah,
again."

     "Fine, but can't you move it along?"

     I didn't want to offend my accomplice but I wanted out of
this.

     "I'm in sort of a fix here and I want to get on to Stage Two."

     "Somethings cannot be  hurried, Debbie.  A  place for
everything and everyone in her place."

     What an odd way to put that, I thought.

     "Just keep on being a perfect Debbie and I'll make sure it
turns out the right way."  She Devil sounded almost too amused for
my own good.

     "Debbie, get in here.  Rog wants you to join him for dinner
and I want you to promise him the time of his life."  Shit, they
wanted me back.  I said goodbye and hung up quietly and quickly.

     "I'd love to join you for dinner, Mr. Carasso."  I smiled as
brightly as I knew how.

     "Debbie, my old pal Bruno has told me what a terrific chick
you are and there's something I've always wanted.  Will you do
something for me, something I've dreamed about, just to get my
pecker hard?"

     I sighed internally.  There was no refusing this.  Bruno was
smiling so I already new I was going to hate it.

     "I just have something I want you to wear to dinner," Roger
said, as though it were the most natural thing in the world to
ask.
     "Of course, I will,"  I agreed.  I was always supposed to
agree.

     The vinyl of the chair was cold and clung to my bare ass.  I
was dressed in high heels with white anklets and a pink latex
string bikini.  My hair was teased in a wild pony tail.  And that's
all.

     Eating in a beach front restaurant, they were going to ask me
to leave until the owner saw the crowd of guys ar the bar. 
Instead, he picked up our check for dinner and invited me back, my
bikini clad tits and ass on display of course, any time.

                          *************

     I sat in front of Bruno's desk.  It was littered with legal
papers.  A lawyer sat across from me, next to Bruno.  I was
worried.  What was he up to?

     "Debbie, I want to do something symbolic to demonstrate my
control of you.  Oh, don't worry.  Horace", indicating the
attorney, "knows all about our unusual relationship."

     Even as a man disguised as a woman, I had to blush.

     "Horace has prepared some papers that I want you to sign.  I'm
going to hold most of them for a rainy day but one is going to get
filed in Court."

     "This is a change of name petition, changing your name from
"Deborah Tremaine" to "Debbie".  Not "Debbie Tremaine", just plain
"Debbie".  And that'll happen right away."

     "Then, you sign papers that give me medical and general power
of attorney over your affairs.  I hold them in case you ever get
out of line."

     I looked down at my long legs. I was wearing a black spandex
micro-mini skirt.  Bruno liked to see me sit at the end of my
chair, my knees well apart, offering an unobstructed view of my
g- string covered false pussy.

     "You promise that if I stay in line, you won't use these
papers against me?"

     "Then, you have to agree, Debbie, to have your new name
tattooed on your ass."

     Bruno promised and I signed.  It didn't mean much but I had to
say something before I signed away my life.

     I was tattooed that day and he lied to me.  Bruno had me
tattooed on both asscheeks and my left breast.

                         **************

     "She's   quite    unrecognizable", She Devil assured me.

     "No one, not even you, would be able to pick her out of a
crowd".

     Frankly, I wasn't satisfied.  I squirmed on my seat.  Bruno
had me sitting on a hard wood chair from which towered a fat dildo,
well planted in my rectum.

     It was all part of what he called "staying in shape".

     "Won't she just talk or go to the police or something?" She
Devil didn't reply right away.  I could hear small sounds of
impatience.

     "Give me some credit, please, Debbie."  Everyone called me
that now, it  was  natural.

     "Deep hypnotic conditioning by an expert in the field, Barbara
Lane, based on psychic driving techniques created by the American
intelligence community has blocked her ability to discuss that fact
with anyone but you.  She has been given a radically new identity,
one that has no relationship to who she was."

     "What did you do to her mind", I asked with sick fascination.

     When I did the deal with She Devil, I had never envisioned
brainwashing.   I had figured that they'd ship Deborah to some
foreign country and sell her into some godforsaken  brothel, to be
fucked to death.

     "She is a poorly educated, all brawn and no brain,  white
trash slut.  If you would ask her about her past, she will tell you
that her father raped her for years until she ran away.  She was
arrested as a delinquent and, in jail, the guards raped her. Your
wife would tell you that she has worked as a prostitute and has had
five abortions.  Two times, she had the clap."

     "She looks nothing like she did. She acts nothing like she
did.  For all practical purposes, your wife is dead."

     "Alright, then get me out of here and I'll pay you the second
million."

     The details were worked out. Right after Bruno's dinner party
on Friday night, She Devil would intercept me and take me off for
corrective medical treatment.  And I would be wealthy beyond my
dreams.
                         **************
     I didn't mind the dress, although it was the most demeaning
thing I had ever worn.  My big breasts were left free above the
gleaming satin bodice.  Long glittering chandelier earrings dangled
from my recently pierced nipples.

     My skin tight skirt buttoned up the left side with big
brilliant covered buttons.  I was gloved to the shoulder in white
kid with big white satin bows at my wrists, ankles, neck and, in a
wide sash, at my waist.

     I ignored the stares.  These were all Bruno's friends.  Some
of them had already enjoyed my rear passage.  And more came up to
tell me how much they looked forward to a future tryst. 
Apparently, Bruno was selling an hour of my time for $500.  He had
turned me out as a whore.  Until now, I hadn't known that.  It was
just like Bruno to let me find out for myself.  Somehow it made it
all seem worse.

     I smiled and nodded and agreed that a few hours of being
cornholed by the charming gentleman from New York, and his two
friends from Des Moines, sounded lovely.  At Bruno's suggestion, I
made sure to obviously feel some of the larger erections tenting
the trousers of my admirers.

     What did I care, I was out of here tonight!

     Bruno led me over to a metal frame.  My sash was untied and
then refixed, binding my waist to the frame's crosspiece.  There
were articulated arm sections that were snapped and fitted to my
limbs and tied on with more gleaming satin.  My legs were equally
fitted until even my neck had been bound to the articulated frame.

     Suddenly, I was tilted back to a forty-five degree angle.
Bruno began to adjust my hands until my breasts were firmly cupped
and pushed high on my chest by my gloved, frozen hands.  My neck
was set to look straight ahead and last but not least, from the
crowd a woman walked up carrying a  doctor's bag!

     "Go ahead, Barbara".

     I tried to resist but several injections were made around my
jaw and mouth.  I was growing numb.  I couldn't speak anymore. The
best I could do was a soft mewing sound.

     Barbara Lane stepped back and stood next to  She Devil!  And
Bruno!

     What the hell was going on?

     I started to struggle but the satin ties were too tight.  I
stopped when I saw an Amazonian bitch coming towards me.

     Her arms were thickly muscled and her breasts seemingly had
disappeared in the overdevelopment of  her pectorals.  Her head was
shaved into an extreme mohawk and this dyke had been in a lot of
fights - and lost from the looks of her face.

     Slowly, she began to unbutton my dress.  I tried to kick her
away but I was no match for her.  Soon my legs were free and this
banshee from Hell was lifting my legs into the air, like some tramp
looking to get fucked.

     "Doan' youse kno' meh, Dehr-ree?"

     I looked at her.  It couldn't be!

     A gag was white satin belted into my mouth.  She Devil tied it
off with a big party bow.
     Deborah!


     She Devil was right, I hadn't recognized her until she told
me.  But I'd tell her I was sorry, make her see how it all went
wrong.  Together, we could escape.  She looked strong enough to
kick the shit out of half the room.

     "EBB-BEH, EBB-BEH, led meh guuh!  Ahh ken essplahnn.  EBB-
BEH!!"

     "Whacha' sayin', sweet meat?  Dats right, I used to be yur
wifey, ya kno'.  But like, dey fucked wid my brane  and like I hab
dis baa chile-hood.  I he's raped a lot and fucked an' shit.  So's
now, I hate guys.  Ands I luv's da' girl meat like you."

     She unzipped her tight leather pants.  I hadn't noticed the
enormous bulge caused by the long thick  dildo. How had I missed
that monster?

     I luv ta' fuck a hot cunt like you, Dehb-bee".

     Deborah roughly rammed her false cock into my artificial
vagina.  All during the time Bruno and his friends had been raping
my rear,I had gotten some measure of relief,despite the horrible
embarrassment of what was happening to me, from the fact that any
chance of exposure by them detecting my latex vagina was
eliminated.

     Soon, Deborah was pounding  away.  And harder than Bruno had
ever put it to me.

     Of course, she shuddered through her orgasms while my penis
became more bruised by its entrapped mauling.  My screams of pain
sounded more like cries of pleasure coming from my  drug muted
mouth.

     A video camera was set up, and then another, and a third and
a fourth.  Bruno walked around taking pictures with an expensive
35mm camera.  Helplessly, I played sex doll to Deborah's bizarre
lesbian rape.  In the monitor though, her leather with its cut outs
and jutting cock seemed right in place with my sexy satin, jiggling
tits and splayed legs.

     Any onlooker would think that this was a professional porno
video.

     Finally, Deborah shook herself through her umpteenth orgasm
and pulled  out.  I was stood up and released from the fucking
frame only to have my hands tied behind  my  back and a dog collar
buckled on my neck.


     "Here are the papers you require", Bruno said, handing Barbara
Lane the medical power of attorney.

     She Devil, Bruno and Deborah stood on the front step as we
drove off.  I knelt at Barbara Lane's feet.  She had insisted and
backed up her demand with a hat pin in my right breast.

     First, we'll get rid of that artificial vagina and give you a
real one.  Then, I'll work on correcting your hormone imbalance
with a regime of massive doses of a mutated form of estrogen.  Very
powerful.  And interesting side effects.   I've had lots of
experience doing this, no doubt you'll be happy to know."

     "Have you ever met Erica Katt?  She's been working for me for
a while now and you two have so much in common, I just know you'll
get to be like sisters."

     "But back to these delicious side effects.  Your breasts will
grow.  Sometimes, it's by quite a bit.  Maybe, we'll be lucky and
see something in the DD cup size."

     "And so will your hips, by the way.  Strict corseting will
give you a waspy waist.  I really like that look.  Frankly, I'm
hoping for something of a total look in the 40DD-19-44 range.  And
your hair will really sprout. Easily waist-length."

     "But best of all, you will find your feelings changing. 
You'll find yourself thinking about sex for no reason.  And with
all those female hormones, it will be sex with men.  Rough sex,
nasty sex."

     "You'll crave being spanked, dream of being fucked, cornholed,
and sucking cock. You'll beg strangers to whip your nipples while
you play with yourself.  But deep inside you'll remember who you
are quite clearly.  I have no intention of taking that away. 
Instead, I'll just strip off any chance of you trying to kill your
self, or escaping, or even resisting one little bit."

     "And Bruno has some special modifications he wants."

     MODIFICATIONS!!

     How was I going to get out of this?  How was I going to get at
my money?  I didn't want to be a girl.  I just wanted to be rich 
Where was she taking me?

                            EPILOGUE

     Bruno pushed the buzzer.  The public offering for TRB, Inc.,
had gone well.  He was a paper half-billionaire.  Another push of
the buzzer.  Where was she?

     Debbie wiggled in.  Her 4OFF beasts wobbled wildly in her low
cut dress with every gyrating step she took.  It often occurred to
Bruno that Debbie's tits looked like two ten pound bags of jello on
a trampoline when she walked by.

     It had taken a while but Debbie had mastered the seven inch
heels.  The platform sole looked dated but that only added to the
fun.  So did the Fifties fashions and the big bouffant hairdo.

     "Debbie, I want you to make a reservation for four for dinner
in a private suite at the Plaza".

     "Yes, Sir." Debbie's voice shrilled back nasally.

     The welts Debbie's dyke lover, Rebbie, left on her fat udders
were still fresh. "Is Rebbie available to put on a show?"

     "Yes, Sir.  Rebbie told me that she can be there any time you
like."

     Debbie and Rebbie had been "married" in a video-taped lesbian
ceremony that had been consummated on the spot.  It was a big
seller in the porno market.

     "And tell Rebbie I want to see you hung by your tits." Debbie
paled under her heavy pancake makeup but promptly smiled.  The
cheap jersey of her dress molded itself to her mammoth udders so
clearly that the, four inch thick, chromed rings in her nipples
were clearly outlined.

     "Oh, YESS SIRRH, AND THANK YOU.  I'LL  BE  HAPPY  TO 
ENTERTAIN YOUR GUESTS THAT WAY."  Debbie was compulsive about
keeping Bruno happy now.  If he so much as scowled at her, she
broke into tears.

     Sometimes, Bruno yelled at Debbie just to watch her thick
mascara run.

     Bruno watched Debbie's fat ass wiggle out.  His cock stiffened
a bit thinking about the hard and fast fuck he was going to give
the simple minded bitch after lunch.  The fact that he could see
the suppressed male humiliation in her eyes only made it sweeter
when he shot his load into the submissive slut.

     Bruno picked up the phone and dialed.

     "She Devil?"

     "Yes, Bruno."

     "Just two things.  First, dinner is on and I've lined up some
entertainment.  Debbie and Rebbie with something special.  Could
you let Barbara know?"

     "Certainly, I'd be only too happy to.  It sounds like fun.
What else is on your evil mind?"

     "Well, I've come across a couple who are advertising to meet
a dominant couple.  He's into crossdressing.  She's into whore
fantasies.  The interesting thing is that he holds exclusive
license on some very useful patents for industrial drill bits. 
There's an immediate market for them in Paraguay."

     "Interested?", Bruno asked.

     "When do we start?", She Devil purred.

--
