Terry and Sue were fucking like wild things until they  
both exploded in simultaneous orgasm.  As soon as they had returned 
home from their shopping trip to the New Era Sex Boutique they simply 
could not wait try out their new toys.  And Terry was certainly in for some
pleasant surprises.  This is what had happened.

They had all their purchases in a large carrier bag.  The simple job of
selecting all the items had turned them on immensely. They tumbled
together into the living room and Sue immediately lifted her skir up and 
pulled aside the crocth of her panties revealing her very hairy cunt
with large protruding inner labia.

"Get your tongue right up my cunt. Now!" she barked at Terry.
He did not hesitate.  He knelt in front of her and did as commanded.

"Yeh...get that tongue right in! Can you taste me Terry, can you
smell my juicy fuck hole"

Terry could indeed smell her. A musky mixture of stale piss and lubricating
juices.

Sue deliberately fell backwards to sit on the edge of the sofa.  She held her
legs up and wide apart with her hands grasping around her knees.  

"Get rid of my panties Terry!" They're in the fucking way! I want my
cunt filling now, right up up stinky pussy."

Terry took out his pocket knife and cut through her panties, opening
them fully at the crotch.  

"I want to play with the toys! Get to it Terry!"

He now delved into the bag of goodies.  Out he brought a ten inch, black 
dildo .

"Right," said Sue, "get that monster up my twat"

Terry with one hand pulled open the lips of Sue's cunny.  It was 
an easy task.  It was about ready to gape and was dripping wet.  With the
other hand Terry pushed the head of the dildo against the yielding opening.

"Mmmmmm...yes yes...get the fucking thing up me!"

Terry pushed and twisted on the dildo until it was buried some seven inches
into Sue.

"Pump it now. In and out"

Terry obeyed and Sue moaned with delight.   This continued for at least five 
minutes and by the end of that time the dildo was going in right up to the 
hilt.  Sue's cunt was spread so so wide.

Suddenly Sue lowered her legs and puched Terry away with a foot.  The dildo
was ejected like a missile from a launcher!

"Get your trousers and underpants off Terry ...and make it quick!"

Sue ordered Terry down on all fours and got down behind him.  She grabbed the
dildo and a tube of KY from the bag containing the toys.  She thoroughly
lubricated the dildo with a mixture of her juices retrieved from her dripping
cunny and the KY jelly.  She then similarly lubricsted a finger which she
worked deep into Terry's shit hole.

"I hope you are ready for this my boy!" she exclaimed, as she withdrew her
finger and pressed the dildo head against Terry's hole.  She pushed.  Soon 
Terry's initial  reaction of a tightening arse hole gave way to a relaxing of 
that sphincter to gape, allowing the head of the monstrous dick plastic dick
into his bum.

Sue worked away at the dildo 'til it was half buried in Terry, who was
alternating between squeals of delight and shrieks of pain.

Sue withdrew the dildo and examined it, like she was a forensic scientist
looking for clues.

"You dirty boy.  There is poo on this dildo! And it's all streaked across
your bum.  You need a wash!"

Sue straddled over Terry's raised bum, squatting down so her cunt was over
his shithole.  She parted the lips of her cunt and within two seconds there
was a powerful jet of hot yellow piss splashing against it, washing away the 
traces of shit. Soon Sue was spent of pee intyerogated Terry. 

"I think I have just wasted my piss hacven't I?  You still need to drop 
a shit don't you?  Squeeze out a loaf?"

Terry shame facedly admitted that that was the case.

"Then stick a finger up your own arse and shoe me!"

Terry licked the index finger of his right hand and squatted down while
working his finger up his bum.  Soon he puilled it out, having hookes out a
fair sized lump of crap.  He held out his hand to show it to Sue.

"Very good.  Now lie down on your back."

Terry did so.  Sue positioned herself astride Terry's head, facing his 
feet, crouching down low so that Terry could easily lick Sue's arse hole 
with just the tip of his extended tongue.

"Grrrnnnnnn.....yes yes yes....nnnnnnnnnn!"

Sue was grunting and straining so immediately Terry knew what was to come.
Her back hole started to bulge.  Soon Terry could peer into her shit hole
as it began to gape.  Another grunting heave and the nose of a turd peeked 
out of Sue.

"Suck on it boy!"

Now there was a good four inch length of choccy stick protruding that
Terry took between  his lips. Sue pushed harder and now Terry's  cheek 
began to bulge to accommodate the turd being delivered


Terry and Sue had fallen intio the mad fucking session after Sue
had got up from squatting over Tery, leaving behind in his mouth the
special Gift she had delivered.  Much of it had fallen to the floor now,
but the remainder was smeared across Terry's face by the kissing of Sue.
When they had both come, they went into the bathroom, each pissed the shit
off the other's face in the shower, showered "properly" and collapsed
exhausted into bed.

The next evening Sue and Terry went to have dinner with a couple, David
and Lizzy, who were close friends of theirs.   They were very close friends
and had shared a bed for some fun and games on more than one occcasion.
Hoever, both Terry and Sue had never dared to even mention the toilet
games they loved playing.

After eating and drinking well the four friends were relaxing and chatting
about this and that. They were all more than a little drunk and the topic
of conversation shifted to sex.  In paricular pornography.

"Well I've seen a lot of porn, but none as good as the photos I took
of my lovely Lizzy", announced David.

"Oh do let's see them Lizzy!" begged Sue.

Lizzy concented and went to a drawer and brought back quite a pile  of
ten by eight colour prints.  She handed the pile to Sue who was sitting
next to Terry on the sofa while David and Lizzy stood behind the sofa
looking over at the photos.

The first picture showed Lizzy on her back on the kitchen floor, wearing
split crotch black panties, skirt pulled up around her midrif, legs way up 
high over her shoulders with a cucumber inserted deeply into
her cunt.

"Oh that's lovely Lizzy!" said Sue.

There wer several more variations on the cucumber theme.  Then something of
a surprise.  A picture of Lizzy, naked except for a pair of white lacey
stockings, squatting over the toilet, feet on the seat.  There was a great
gush of yellow piss coming from her cunt, held open by her hands.

"Oh David...not that one...how embarrassing. Give me the rest of the 
pictures!"

But it was too late and Suee had moved on to the next picture.  Again,
Lizzy on the toilet as before, but now a grimace on her face and  six inches
of a fat turd hanging down from her bum.  The next picture was a close up
of the fat turd emeging from from Lizzy and the next showed her with her
own finger sharing the space of her rectum with the shit which was squelched
out around the finger.

Lizzy went bright scarlet.  But that soon faded as she noticed that 
Terry had unzipped his pants and his stiff eight inch cock was sticking out.
He wanked at it slowly.  Soon Lizzy was kneeling in front of him, taking his
full length into her mouth.  Sue had lifted her skirt and was rubbing and
fingering her pussy through the cotton of her panties.  

"Well well well!" said David, "this looks fun...and I need a piss. Who
is going to help".  Sue immediately stripped naked and went and kneeled in 
front of David and opened her mouth wide.  Removed his trousers and 
underpants  and directed a strong stream of piss into Sue's mouth.  
Sue swallowed what she coud and  the remainder ran over her cheeks.

Meanwhile Lizzy was bringing Terry to a climax, which exploded into
Lizzy's mouth.  Lizzy swallowed greedily.

Sue wiped her mouth on on the back of her hand. "Right everybody, get naked."  
The other three obeyed.  "Ok Lizzy... how about a re-enactment of that photo  
session?"

"Well ok!", said Lizzy, "I am pretty well ready for a poop.  let's go to
the bathroom!"

"No Lizzy", said  David... "it's much warmer and more comfortable in here.
I'll get a recepticle!"

David went into the kitchen and returned with a large white plastic
mixing bowl.  He put it on the coffee table.  

Lizzy announced, "Ladies and gentlemen, let the show begin!"  She got on
the table and hunkered down over the bowl, her bum pointing towards the
sofa where the three sat eagerly waiting for the action!

"Grrrnnnnn....nnnnnnnn...". Lizzy pushed and strained, then let loose
a loud fart that had the other three in fits of laughter.

"We want poo! We want poo!" chanted Sue and the guys joined in.

With an extra strong push there was a sudden hissing release of gas and
out coiled a very long snake of dark brown soft shit that coiled up
into the bowl.  It seemed to go on for ever!  It eventually broke free
from Lizzy's bum, leaving behind a substantial glob of shit attached to her.

Lizzy clambered off the table.  

"Right! David, get over here and stick that stiff long cock of yours up
my shit passage!"

Lizz got onto a large armchair, kneeling, with her face pressed against the
back of the chair and her bum facing outwards towards David who was now
standing with the tip of his cock against the shitty hole.

Sue was now sucking on Terry's semi-hard cock, trying to get him back to
full strength!  She had one finger buried full length in his bum hole.

"Oh Terry.. I think you might have to be next for bathroom duties!  There
is certainly something firm and big up here."

Meanwhile David had worked his cock almost full length up Lizzy's rectum.
She fingered her cunt as he started to thrust in and out.  His cock 
shaft, as it emerged, could have belonged to a black guy!  It was totally
covered in Lizzy's brown job.  

Terry and Sue came over and knelt either side of David taking a close up 
view of the action.  Sue put two fingers against Lizzy's filled anus, one
either side of David's sliding cock.  Meanwhile  Terry stood on the armchair,
one leg either side if Lizzy's torso, facing David.  He bent his knees 
slightly  and, grunting, started to push out a huge firm shit loaf, which
dropped onto Lizzy's back. It had, for a while,  formed a solid brown pillar 
linking David's hole and Lizzy's back.

This excited David and he cried out loud as he pumped into Lizzy who loudly 
climaxed at that point. Just as Terry was wanking  himself and spraying his 
cream over Lizzy's back, on which now lay a  good ten inch poo, 
Sue took hold of David,s cock and directed into her mouth.  She let David
fuck her mouth with his shitty shaft until he let loose his cum and she
herself climaxed, frigging her clit with her hand.
