Archive-name: 3plus/tess.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Tess


Tess and Marie rented the motel room and settled in to wait, watching a
rerun of M*A*S*H. Marie, thirty-two but looking younger, wore her golden 
hair in long curls. She lay back on the bed, absent-mindedly smoking a 
menthol cigarette and sipping sherry. She wore skin-tight jeans that 
accentuated her best feature, her round hips and full bottom, and a 
checkered blouse, with two buttons undone, revealing the top of a simple 
white brassiere and the cleavage of her high-set apple-sized breasts. Tess 
sat bolt upright in a chair, visibly tense, and watched the show with 
almost exaggerated concentration, as if trying to shut something out of her 
mind. She was a slight, brown-haired woman in her late twenties, very 
white, with a small, thin mouth, small chin, narrow shoulders, and long, 
delicate hands. She seemed to have almost no breasts at all. A high-
collared white silk blouse and long blue skirt combined with her tightly 
wound bun and conspicuous lack of makeup to give the effect of a Protestant 
upbringing. The contrast between the two was remarkable. Jobs as 
secretaries in the same office was, in fact, about all that they had in 
common. 
    At about seven Walt and I arrived with a grocery sack. Marie greeted us 
cheerfully, stubbed out the end of her smoke, and bounced over to check out 
the contents of the sack. Tess studiously watched the television. 
    "Oooh, nice!" said Marie, lifting out several short lengths of black 
velvet rope. "These will do nicely. And this," she added, lifting out a 
pink strap-on dildo, "is very nice. Don't you think so, Tess?" 
    Tess actually stole a glance from the corner of her eye, but quickly 
ducked her head, and I could see a bit of a blush around her ear. Marie 
reached for the control box and switched off the TV.
    "Thank you, dear boys, for bringing these along. You are always so
helpful. The reason I asked you to meet us here tonight, is that dear Tess 
here has made a contract which she must fulfill--isn't that right, Tess?" 
    Tess, looking at the floor, gave a slight nod.
    Marie put her arms across my shoulders and laced her finger together. 
"And you are the very men I thought of to help fulfill the contract. Tess, 
here, has been making the office *very* unhappy with her stuck-up ways, 
and we all think she needs a little retraining. But there's been no 
opportunity till now; and *now* she owes a very large sum for some 
financial assistance we in the pool gave her with her poor wayward brother, 
and we all agreed to forego repayment if she'd agree to a little --umm-- 
humiliation." 
    Tess crossed her arms and looked up at me for the first time. Her brown 
eyes looked like those of a frightened deer. I found this very attractive, 
and I felt a warm stirring in my crotch.
    Marie looked down at Tess understandingly. "They're all right, Tess. 
Clean and gentlemanly, not too much into pain and never leave marks. You 
all know the rules. No one talks but me, and we all do exactly whatever I 
say."
    Marie leaned across to Walt, and I felt the pressure of her breasts 
against my chest. She turned her pale, slightly freckled face up to his, 
which was the deep, almost purplish brown of a proud and unmixed African 
heritage, and put her hand on the back of his head, pulling him into a 
deep, tongue-tasting kiss. The throbbing bump in the front of my trousers 
was pressed against her lower belly, and she did a slow grind with her hips 
that made me think I might come in my pants. I wrapped my arms around her 
back, snuggling her body in close against mine, and we all fell across the 
bed, with Marie on top of me. Marie raised herself up with her hands on the 
bed on either side of me, and I reached up to touch the curve of her right 
breast. Walt did the same with her left, squeezing gently. She laughed and 
backed away, standing up. "Slow down, dear boys, I'm not even the main 
course. Make yourselves comfortable right there." 
    I sat up and settled back against the headboard with a couple of 
pillows behind me, wondering what would happen next. Marie poured a glass 
of sherry and handed it to me. I sipped, and watched as she poured another 
glass for Walt.
    "Tess here is *so* religious. Doesn't smoke, doesn't drink, doesn't 
chase boys -- or girls -- votes pro-life, goes to church all the time -- 
not that she's a virgin, mind you. Her straight-laced little husband would 
*die* if he knew she were here. Quite the deacon, that one. Only knows one 
position, and they barely ever touch each other, right, Tessie?"
    Tess, who was sitting facing the blank television screen with her hands 
demurely folded in her lap, looked up at Marie almost angrily. Then, as 
though resigning herself to her fate, slowly swept her quiet eyes over Walt 
and me, and nodded. 
    Marie stepped back over to the bed. "Well, gentlemen, why don't you 
both stand up and I'll help you out of your clothes, and you can show Miss 
Priss here what a white knight and a black knight look like with their 
pricks standing straight out in front of them, hmm?"
    We needed no further urging. Walt and I stood in front of the now wide-
eyed Tess and Marie busied herself about us, removing shirts, pants, jockey 
shorts, and the like, making a neat pile which she carried over to one 
corner. Tess's eyes went to Walt, and I must confess mine did as well. Walt 
is tall and wide-shouldered, with a salt-and pepper goatee, extremely dark 
skin, as I said before, and has kindly but penetrating eyes. His hips are 
narrow for his build, but his penis is disproportionately large--not in 
width, but in length, like a black snake. Unlike mine, his is not 
circumcised, and it hung at a downward angle, like a naked tail with 
puckered skin at the tip, ten inches at least. Walt's one affectation is 
shaving his crotch, and no hair at all impeded our view of his deep sac, 
with one testicle hanging unbelievably lower than the other. Tess had 
clearly never seen anything like it, and seemed visibly shaken. She crossed 
her arms and seemed to hug herself apprehensively. 
    My own rather run-of-the-mill prong was thumping away, veins engorged,
and I ached for relief--but knew that Marie's ideas ran to long, 
excruciating foreplay, and that I would have to wait--and that the wait 
would probably be worth every minute. Tess now looked me over, and I could 
see in her eyes what I already knew: I am a balding, slightly pudgy and 
pale middle-aged bureaucrat of middle height and strength, nowhere as 
interesting as Walt, but I'm told, by Marie and others like her, that I 
have redeeming qualities, especially in the clit-tongueing department. This 
gives me a certain confidence, and I could see that Tess was woman enough 
to sense it. Whatever it was these two females had in mind, we were 
probably the right men for the job.
    Marie returned and picked up the velvet ropes. "Now, gentlemen, we will 
tie up Miss Priss here in a vulnerable position. Walt, please get one of 
those pillows here, and put it on the floor here--Tess, stand up. Bud, turn 
the chair around, please. Now, Tess, kick off your shoes and kneel on the 
pillow. That's right, just put your feet back under the chair; Bud, push 
the chair back up against Tess's back, gently. Good, now, Walt, tie this 
around her right wrist, and pass it around the chair and Bud will do her 
left wrist, and I'll go around and tie her ankles to the chair legs. Put 
your arms back, Tess."
    Tess meekly did as she was told, and was soon securely trussed in an 
upright kneeling posture. Marie knelt on the chair and deftly removed the 
pins from Tess's bun; the hair caught the light as it fell, a rich brown. 
With a couple of hair ties Marie quickly did up the hair into a pony tail 
to keep it out of Tess's face.
    All this while Walt and I stood around in front of Tess, who was 
eyeball-to-balls with our straining dongs and unable to move away, if 
that's what she would have done. She was mouth-breathing in little panicky 
gasps, and her slight bosom rose and fell with her rapid, shallow breaths.
Marie, still playing with the ponytail, leaned over her shoulder and 
checked her out. "Oh dear, Miss Priss is getting nervous. She needs a drink 
to calm down. Bud, can you get her a glass of something?"
    I stepped over to the table and found a bottle of sherry, a bottle of 
amaretto brandy, and a six-pack of beer. I chose the amaretto, poured a 
fairly large amount into a wine glass, and walked over to Tess. 
   Marie stepped around and sat on the bed, and began unbuttoning her 
blouse. She continued to give out orders, and now her voice began to get 
husky. "Since you gentlemen are making her nervous, why don't you both get 
down on her level for awhile." We knelt in front of the slim Tess. "Now, 
Bud, give her the drink, and make sure she gets most of it." I held the 
glass to Tess's lips. She would have backed her head away, but the chair 
back was right behind it; she considered turning her head, but a glance at 
Marie made her changed her mind. She inclined her head and tried to sip a 
little from the glass, but I kept tipping it up, and to keep the brandy 
from escaping round the corners of her mouth and ruining her blouse, she 
began to swallow the amaretto as fast as she could manage. My hand began to 
tremble, and I raised the glass faster, watching in fascination as the 
richly-colored amaretto ran down her small chin and dripped onto the white 
lace-trimmed front of her blouse, just above the slight bumps made by her 
breasts. Tess flinched, but kept drinking till the glass was empty. As I 
took it away, she gasped for air, and seemed to hang almost limply in her 
bonds.
    I turned to look at Marie. She had shucked her checkered blouse and 
raised her arms to flounce her hair, and Walt, who leaned on her knee, was 
caressing her belly and cupping her breasts, which were still in the bra.
Marie shook out her hair and reached down to briefly run her hands over 
Walt's large frame, then reached back to unhook her bra. She slipped it off 
her shoulders, and leaned forward, offering Walt a nipple to suck, which he 
took greedily. Then, pulling back just in time to control herself (and us), 
Marie issued new orders.
    "Could someone get me my cigarettes?" Walt stood up and stepped over to 
the night table. He returned with the pack of smokes and lighter, tapped 
out a cigarette and handed it to Marie, who mouthed it and waited for Walt 
to hold the lighter for her. She took a long drag and blew the smoke toward 
Tess. Tess tried to keep a straight face, but quickly gave it up and turned 
her head away.
    Marie leaned forward. "No, no, my dear, a contract is a contract. Walt, 
give the lady a smoke, that's my good man." Walt tapped out another 
cigarette and held it out to Tess's face. She gingerly took it in her mouth 
and held it there, making a strange picture of defenselessness, kneeling on 
the pillow, twisting her wrists in the velvet ropes along the chair arms. I 
took the lighter from Walt and struck it alight with one hand, turning 
Tess's chin toward it with the other, till the end of the cigarette met the 
flame. She closed her eyes. 
    "Drag on it a little, Miss Priss," said Marie. Don't keep the poor 
gentleman waiting." The end of the cigarette glowed, and Tess immediately 
coughed. I took the cigarette from her mouth, and when she had caught her 
breath, offered it to her again. She made a game try this time, sipping 
enough smoke into her mouth, and expelling it again, to smoke without 
choking. I took it from her and tapped it into the nearby ashtray, and 
gave it to her again. When about half the cigarette was gone, Marie, who 
had been fooling about with Walt, put out hers, and allowed Tess's to be 
ground out in the ashtray. The room was almost blue with smoke. 
    Marie stepped over to the table and wriggled out of her jeans. She 
slipped her panties down over her wide, curvy hips, and dropped them to the 
floor. Walt stepped up behind her and reached around both sides of her 
torso, beneath her arms, and gently lifted her white breasts in his large 
black hands for Tess and me to admire. Marie picked up the strap-on dildo 
and began expertly to put it on, with Walt making adjustments at the back. 
She looked like a hermaphrodite with a permanent erection.
    "Now we gotta get serious," she said. "Bud, check out Miss Priss's bra 
and see if she's got any tits." I turned to Tess, who was now obviously 
blushing, and tremblingly fumbled at the brooch that clasped the high 
collar of her blouse at her throat. The brooch was hard to unclasp, and 
made trouble, but I soon laid it aside and went to work at the buttons down 
her front. Pulling the blouse open to the sides, I found a simple white A-
cup brassiere with a front hook hidden in a lace rosette. Almost faint with 
desire, I undid the hook, and two small but clearly very adult breasts 
popped into my hands. I felt the nipples harden in my sweating palms, and 
Tess's rapidly pounding pulse seemed to hammer away in the soft flesh that 
just filled my cupping hands.
    Marie stepped up and knelt beside me. "Now, Bud, don't hog them, we 
have to share." She held her right hand, palm up, in front of Tess's mouth. 
"Spit. Spit lots." Tess obeyed, and, pursing up her lips, spat a tiny 
puddle of clear liquid into Marie's hand. A string of spittle ran down her 
chin. Marie cupped the spit-lubricated palm over Tess's left breast, and 
gently caressed her nipple. I held my left hand under Marie's mouth, and 
she smiled and spat in it, and I reached across and caressed Tess's right 
breast in the same way. Walt knelt behind Marie, and massaged Marie's more 
ample breasts from behind. Tess, all this while, tried to hold completely 
still and unresponsive, but we could all see that somewhere deep inside, a 
knotted-up pleasure center was coming undone. 
    "Well Walt," said Marie huskily, "It's time to begin." She disentangled 
herself and went around behind Tess, kneeling on the chair. She steadied 
herself with one hand and took a firm grip at the base of Tess's ponytail 
with the other. I sat on the bed in the spot with the best possible view. 
Walt stood before Tess's face in all his live-snake-with-balls glory, and, 
taking hold of his penis at the base, raised it before her now wide-open 
and somewhat dismayed eyes. Pulling his fingers back down the base of the 
shaft, he exposed the head of his glans, and gave her a few moments to 
savor the unique smell. At this moment Marie pulled back the ponytail 
sharply, causing Tess to gasp -- and Walt slipped comfortably into her 
small mouth in that unguarded moment. 
    "Now, Miss Priss," said Marie, leaning down till her breasts brushed 
the back of Tess's head, "Do just like I told you back in the car. Don't 
try to suck or anything you've heard about; just stay loose and wet and let 
the man do his work, hmm?" Tess managed a tiny bit of a nod, even with her 
hair held tight and the long black penis planted three inches into her 
face.
    Walt began to slowly roll his hips. Putting his hands behind his back, 
he leaned back and moved his pelvis forward, so that the now-glistening 
shaft of his rod eased deeper into Tess's mouth. Her lips were tight around 
him, but I could see that she was holding her teeth out of the way, letting 
him ride on her tongue and on the saliva that must now be pouring into her 
full mouth. Walt pumped very slowly, but with a steady rhythm, never going 
too deep, so as not to choke the totally inexperienced little Baptist, but 
never slipping all the way out, either. This went on for what seemed like a 
very long time, and my eyes began to rove. Marie's face was flushed, her 
lips parted, and her nipples, which dangled just above Tess's head, were 
distended and full. Sweat beaded across Walt's shoulders and ran down, 
pool in the small of his back. Tess's cheeks alternately puffed and 
hollowed as the black rod slid in and out through her lips. Sometimes she 
closed her eyes, and sometimes she looked up at Walt. When she did this it 
seemed to energize him, and his movements became more rapid. I leaned 
forward for a closer look, and at this moment Walt, with a grunt, pulled 
back and his penis, the reddish-brown end of which rested against Tess's 
cheek, seemed to explode. White goop, the consistency of heavy carpenter's 
glue, erupted onto her cheek and ran slowly down. Shaking all over, like a 
thoroughbred at the end of a race, but still in control, Walt aimed at her 
half-open (and probably numb) mouth, and erupted a second shot into it, and 
onto her nose and chin as well. A third spurt missed her face and plopped 
wetly onto her throat, running down between her heaving little breasts, and 
a fourth hit her in the forehead, and oozed down onto the bridge of her 
nose. He now pointed back at her small cum-smeared mouth, and gently but 
insistently wedged back in between her lips, going in about three inches, 
and stood, with his balls still leaping, the pulsating black shaft 
apparently still unloading semen inside Tess's head. A movement of her 
throat confirmed this, as she was clearly swallowing. After a long, still 
moment, Walt slid his saliva-and-semen-slicked meat out of Tess's mouth and 
used it to smear gobs of come around on her cheeks.
    Marie let go of the ponytail and stepped round in front of Tess, and 
knelt in front of Walt. Caressing his long penis with her right hand, she 
guided it to her own wide mouth, and took it inside for a few moments, then 
pulled back her head. Walt's now somewhat limper organ made a wet plopping 
sound as it popped out. Marie smiled.
    "Well, boys," she said, almost in a whisper, "That was fun to watch but 
I feel left out of things. Bud, you lie belly down on the bed here where 
Miss Priss can see your bottom. Walt, you can rest a bit, but we'll want 
you ready to get back in action real soon now. Oh, could you pass me the 
Vaseline there on the nightstand?"
    I craned my head around to look at Marie with a raised eyebrow. She 
raised her arms to flounce her hair, a gesture that made her breasts 
especially pert, and laughed. "Now, now, Mr. Bud! Next Wednesday you get to 
be Master, and I'll do just as *you* wish. But fair is fair." She dipped 
her fingers in the jar. "After all, *you've* been in *my* behind, and you 
seemed to be really enjoying yourself there." She seemed to be masturbating 
the dildo, and I knew she was lubricating it for a specific purpose. 
    "Now, Mr. Bud, please turn your head. I embarrass easily when I'm 
trying something new. Spread your feet a bit, please. Now reach back and 
spread your cheeks, too, that's a good lad." I suddenly felt her cool 
fingers, liberally laced with the petroleum jelly, between my buttocks, 
exploring the entrance to my rectum. Marie carefully inserted her middle 
finger, wiggled it about, and withdrew. I then felt the tip of her 
lubricated rubber cock nosing its way into my --I'll admit it-- virgin ass.
Marie may not have done this before, but she seemed to have some idea--from 
watching videos? of how to go about it. The dildo eased its way up into me, 
not too painfully, giving me a rather full and not unpleasurable sensation, 
until I could feel Marie's hips against my buttocks. She began to bump and 
grind, and I could feel the shaft of the dildo sliding in and out through 
my distended anus. 
    I stole a glance at Tess. She hung in harness from the chair, still 
kneeling on the pillow, staring in mixed revulsion and fascination at the 
reversed-sex doggie sex proceeding right in front of her eyes. Her blouse 
had been shoved back, exposing her shoulders and long neck, and her bra 
straps hung over her upper arms. her chest and belly were fully exposed, 
and drying semen glittered on her forehead, nose, cheeks, lips, chin, 
throat, in the valley between her breasts, and in one spot to the right of 
her navel. The sight of her watching me being butt-raped by Marie made my 
dong, which had shrunk when I learned Marie's intentions, stand to full 
attention again, and I began to think I might come right there on the 
bedclothes. 
    At this moment Marie let up her movements and withdrew. "Now, Mr. Bud 
and Mr. Walt, come over here and let's have a look at Miss Priss." Marie 
turned around and the not-exactly-clean dildo hovered in front of Tess's 
face. "Sniff this, my dear," said Marie, huskily. Tess seemed shocked, but 
when she looked imploringly up at Marie, she saw there was no recourse--a 
contract is a contract. She tilted her head--the come had dried and its 
crinkly surface glittered on her right cheek--and twitched her nose above 
the offered dildo. Knowing what was expected of her, she opened her mouth, 
and Marie slipped the pink, glistening shaft between her waiting lips into 
her head. Rotating her hips, Marie worked the rubber penis rhythmically in 
Tess's mouth. I stood behind Marie, feeling her soft behind with my hands. 
She reached up her arms and flounced her hair, and I moved my hands around 
to her front, feeling the delightful heaviness of her breasts and the 
harder, perky texture of her nipples in my palms. My penis throbbed almost 
painfully against the cheeks of her round ass. 
    Walt got himself a beer and stepped around behind the chair and knelt 
on it, resting his chin on the chair back beside Tess's left ear. he 
reached down on either side of her and played gently with her nipples, and 
his tongue darted in her ear. All this while Marie kept the dildo moving in 
Tess's mouth, and moaned softly to the rhythm of her own movements and the 
music of my busy hands. 
    At length Marie backed the dildo out of Tess's face, and a long string 
of saliva went with it, breaking and dripping down onto Tess's belly. Marie 
turned her head and gave me a short, but wet kiss, and, leading me like a 
dancer, swapped places with me. I found myself standing, engorged cock at 
the ready, in front of Tess. 
    I looked down at Tess's fine china-doll features and small mouth, and 
Walt's hands massaging her almost childlike breasts. The flushed red head 
of my penis wavered not two inches in front of her lips. I felt that, if I 
so much as touched her now, my come would spurt instantly. Something told 
me not to do anything just yet--this was, after all, Marie's show. 
    Marie stepped away for a moment, and came back. I could smell the 
sickly sweetness of scented massage oil. I felt one cool, long-fingered 
hand, the one with the wedding band, envelop my aching balls and gently 
stroke and squeeze them. I became disoriented, lost in pleasurable space--
and then realized with a small shock that the dildo was working its way 
into my rectum again. She eased it into me to its full length--this took 
longer to achieve in our standing posture--then reached around me with her 
free hand, which glistened with oil, and wrapped it around the shaft of my 
now absolutely delirious cock. Pointing it at Tess's face, she began to 
handle me with excruciating slowness.
    "Open wide, Tess," said Marie in almost a low growl. "No, not that 
wide, just halfway--and close your eyes, and feel those big hands squeezing 
your little tits--tighter, Walt! Pinch her nipples hard, Walt! and wait, 
Miss Priss, for what's *coming* your way." I stared down at Tess's long 
eyelashes fluttering shut, her lips stretched, her tongue quivering in her 
half open mouth, and Marie's manicured, gleaming fingers moving with 
glacial slowness up and down the shaft of my eight-inch rod, just one inch 
away from Tess's face. The load of come seemed to rumble from far away in 
my balls, and began to fill the underside of my penis. Marie felt it 
coming, and pinched down at the base of my cock for several seconds, long 
enough for my balls to jerk three or four times, then let go, though still 
holding the shaft aimed at Tess. The pressured burst of semen shot across 
and plopped into Tess's mouth, lying on her tongue like a spoonful of white 
jelly. Surprised, Tess closed her mouth, and the second shot hit her across 
the lips and dribbled down, like sweetened condensed milk, onto her upper 
chest. Walt gathered this and smeared on her breasts with his cupped hands.
Marie thrust forward at this moment with the dildo in my bottom, and my 
penis, almost sore but happy as a puppy, forced its way into Tess's warm 
and very wet and sticky mouth, and stayed there for what seemed like a long 
time, feeling the gentleness of her suckings and swallowings. Marie slowly
withdrew from my ass, shucked off the dildo, and lit herself a cigarette. 
Walt stood up and went to wash his hands. I stood for a few more minutes 
with my penis inside Tess's head, while Marie took pictures of this 
domestic scene with an instant camera. Eventually, feeling that my knees 
were going to buckle, I plopped my shrinking dong out of Tess's lips and 
sat heavily on the bed. 
    "Hey!" exclaimed Marie. "Don't sit on the pictures! Walt, could you go 
over please and fuck Miss Priss's face a little bit more? I didn't get any 
of you."
    Walt obligingly stood before Tess's head and fed his long meat to her 
with one hand, while rocking her head up and down with the other. Marie 
snapped away till she ran out of film. "Okay, that's enough for now. I want 
you boys to have something left over for me after your sweetie there goes 
home. Untie her, please." I knelt on Tess's left, and Walt did the same on 
her right, and we removed the velvet ropes from her wrists and ankles. Tess 
tried to stand up, but Marie was not yet done with her. "Uh-unh-unh! 
Remember the contract. Gentlemen, please dress this slut as presentably as 
you can." Walt lifted the straps of Tess's bra over her shoulders, and 
pulling the cups of her bra round to the front, covered her come-coated 
little breasts with them and fastened the hook. I lifted her blouse onto 
her shoulders, and buttoned up her front. Walt gently pinned the brooch at 
her throat. Marie walked around behind her, and, taking the hair ties off, 
undid Tess's ponytail and re-pinned her bun as best she could. Tess bore 
all this as patiently as possible, sitting on her heels with her hands in 
her lap. 
    Marie stood back to inspect our handiwork. Satisfied, she said, 
grandly, "Well Prissy, you may go now. Don't want you to miss choir, after 
all."
    Tess didn't move. "Is--is that all?" she asked, speaking for the first 
time. Her voice was high and girlish, small but musical.
    Marie raised her eyebrows. "Well, sure."
    "But...you said a contract is a contract." Tess looked round at Walt 
and me, and back to Marie. "That wasn't everything we agreed on."
    "Oh, my," said Marie. "Boys, she's absolutely right. Tessie, open up 
your blouse again. Walt, stand close on the right; Bud, move up on the left 
there."
    We complied, and Tess, leaving her brooch in place, opened the second, 
third and fourth buttons of her blouse, and pulled it open enough to expose 
the valley of her breasts--wide, not narrow like Marie's, with the A-cup 
separation. Walt and I weren't sure what was expected of us.
    Marie broke the moment of hesitation. "You can speak for yourself, 
little miss."
    In a voice as small as a whisper, but unmistakably as husky as Marie's 
had been in the heat of the action, Tess made her request. "I...I want you 
to--umm--pee on me. Please?" She tilted back her head, and the dried semen 
on her face and throat shone in the light from the bedside lamp.
    Walt was at a disadvantage, for he had by this time recovered an 
immense hard-on, but his beer and my wine were equally pressing by this 
time. We aimed, and fired, and two streams, one clear, the other somewhat 
yellower, cascaded onto her throat and chest. The salty fluids ran down and 
soaked her bra, and poured between her breasts down her belly, dampening 
her blouse around her waist and staining her blue skirt. I leaned over her 
face and squeezed out the last drops, which fell on her left cheek and ran 
down to her ear. She leaned forward and kissed the tip of my still-
dribbling prick, and turned and kissed Walt's, and held out her hands for 
us to help her up. 
    Walt, Marie, and I collapsed on the bed in a heap, the smoke from 
Marie's cigarette rising toward the ceiling. Tess rapidly re-buttoned her 
drenched blouse, stepped into her shoes, picked up her purse, and walked 
rather primly toward the door. As she put her hand on the doorknob, she 
turned.
    "I...I heard something about next Wednesday. Umm--the choir can do 
without me. Can I...can I come too?"
    Marie sat up, looking for once almost at a loss for words. "Ah, sure, 
Tessie. Uh, we'll talk about it tomorrow, huh?"
    Tess smiled for the first time. "Okay!"
    As Tess departed, Marie lay back bemused, between us on the bed. 
"Whew!" was all she could say. 

                                 --FINIS.--
