Archive-name: Bestial/texassex.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Texas


        I had looked forward to the trip for a year!  It was going to be just
my wife, Susan, and I, and we were going to rekindle our passions and
fantasies.  Married for 10 years, we never thought of our sex life as dull
(certainly not!), but the "sparkle" was missing.  We were into kinky things,
and always tried what ever we thought was fun (all of it was!).  But the
thought of a change of scenery was exciting and we were sure that we could have
more adventures.  Did we ever!!
        Susan looked luscious, 28 and as trim as ever, with those huge blue
eyes and long blond hair and a body a monk would kill for.  She has never once
questioned a fantasy I wanted to fulfill, and gladly played into it.  I am no
different when it comes to her fantasies, and boy does she have an imagination!!
        Texas has some small towns, and during our trip we stopped in one
northwest of Dallas and got our motel room.  The room was very spacious and
extra nice.  We then decided to play out one of our favorite fantasies: I was
going to watch Susan fuck another guy!
        The town had a very nice bar (one of several), and Susan went in first,
as planned.  I held back a few minutes then entered the rather dimly lit room
myself.  It came as no surprise to me that she had already drawn two men to her
barstool.  Both were hitting on her pretty heavily, and I just passed her by
and took a seat at a table.  These men were huge, fully six foot eight, and a
solid 250 pounds easy.  I wondered almost out loud which one she would choose
take back to the room.
        We had been in the bar about an hour, sipping drinks, and me watching
the two men grab at my wife, when Susan gave me the secret sign that she was
headed back to the room.  I paid the bar tab and left, going to the room and
secreting myself in the roomy closet, sitting on a chair.  With the door barely
open,I could see almost the entire room.  I heard Susan's voice outside the
door, high pitched and giddy as she gets when she is drinking, then heard the
key in the door.  I knew then it was too late to back out now, and I was sure
that I didn't want to.  I wondered again which one of the two men she had
picked, when the door swung open and the answer became apparent: she chose BOTH
of them!
        The door closed with a loud thud, (my imagination??) and both men were
on her like stink on shit.  One of the guys, Bart, seemed to be the leader, and
Jeff followed every command.  Bart told susan to perform a strip tease for them
(and me!) and turned on the radio to give her something to dance to.  My wife
performed marvelously, and I was proud of her.  She stole glances in my
direction, and winked when she could get away with it.  I knew she was enjoying
herself, as I was surely enjoying myself, and I wanted her to have fun with
this fantasy.  Bart and Jeff were obviously enjoying themselves, as they
cheered Susan on. She had dressed for the occasion, and now was down to her
stockings, garter, and high heels.
        Bart told Jeff to fix them some drinks, which he did, and then Bart
went after my wife.  He held her tightly, and the contrast in their sizes, not
to mention their tans, made Susan look more vulnerable.  She then slid to her
knees, her face right in front of Bart's crotch. She pulled down the zipper,
and squealed out loud at the massive dick that sprang out.  Susan has a dildo
back home that looks like a foot long, but only measures 10 inches.  The dick
before her MUST have been a foot long!  With both hands gripping the thing,
there was still more than I could ever muster remaining in the breeze.  Susan
began to pay that thing oral homage, laving it with long strokes with her
tongue, and attempts to take a token portion into her mouth.  Bart grabbed her
head with both hands and tried to force several inches down her throat, and she
rolled with the blows to keep the thing from poking out the back of her head.
Jeff returned with the drinks and the blow-job was interrupted to down them.
        The two guys took off their clothes, and then placed Susan on the
bed, then laid beside her.  They began to suck her wonderful tits, and I could
tell by the way she moved that she really enjoyed the way they were doing it.
Meanwhile, their hands were not idle.  They slid up and down her legs, and
finally joined forces at her pussy.  She spread her legs wider, allowing them
better access, and me a better view.  They, of course, thought it was because
she wanted them to continue their actions in earnest, and they readily
complied.  She was so wet, that the squishy sounds could be heard over the
radio!  She pulled Jeff on top of her, and he put her legs over his shoulders.
I couldn't have TOLD Jeff of a better position to place her in to give me such
a good view!
        She reached between them and guided Jeff's massive cock to her slick
and slippery pussy.  He began a slow plunge into her, and she began to pull him
in with her hands on his hips, urging him in. She began breathing hard while he
was only half- way in, and moaning loudly as he approached full penetration.
When he was balls deep in her, she tossed her head back and forth on the
pillow, and told me later that she was most worried then about Bart's dick.
Jeff began to pick up the pace and soon had a quick rhythm going. He threw back
his head, let out a yell that you would expect to hear in a cowboy movie, and
came in torrents, so much so that I was able to see his cum squirting back from
around his dick as he shoved it again and again into Susans pussy.
        He fell on top of her, and Bart pulled him off to allow his access to
Susan. He picked her up with one powerful arm, and turned her over, setting her
up on all fours.  He then brought his massive dick to her well soaked and lubed
hole, and began to inch forward.  Susan later said that it was like being
fucked by a telephone pole, only smoother.  She gasped.  She wiggled.  She
fought to escape, but bart was holding her and there WAS no escape.  Finally
Bart was balls deep in her and told her so. She wanted him to just allow her to
get use to the feeling of being so full, but he began to plow away. The pain
was incredible, she would say later, but finally began to feel comfortable,
then very good, and ultimately fantastic.  I have never seen her cum so many
times in a month, much less in only one fuck!!
        Bart then groaned out his cum, bucketsful, then collapsed on the bed.
Susan rubbed her pussy, and felt the sodden mess the three of them had
produced.  Jeff had recovered by now and was anxious to have Susan suck him
off.  She would have accommodated him immediately, if she had not just been
through the three-minute mile.  But Jeff thought he was going to be left out,
and said he would be right back, pulling on his trousers. No one moved when he
opened the door, and thankfully this was a very secluded part of town, because
he left the door wide open. When he returned, he had several long lengths of
rope with him. He began to tie one end to Susan's right wrist. I debated long
and hard about stepping in and stopping this, and decided that Jeff was just
big and mad enough to really make trouble, and besides, I enjoyed bondage
movies, and rape scenes, and was about to be presented with one in real life.
I decided that it could go as long as Susan was in no life threatening
situations. Later, Susan said she could have stopped it herself, but when she
saw the ropes she thought I might like a bondage scene.
        Jeff drug Susan over to the luggage stand (that little frame with the
straps across it), and laid her over it.  He tied her right wrist to the left
frame leg, and crossed her left arm over to the right frame leg.  Then he
pulled her legs up and tied her knees to the front and rear bars respectively.
Susan looked very much like a frog, tied that way.
        Then Jeff took up a position in front of Susan, and, holding her head
up, fed her his cock. She was in a good position to take more of his dick, and
he gladly gave her as much as he had.  She choked at first, but Jeff worked
with her, and they soon established a rhythm.  Susan said she felt that because
he DID work with her, that he was gentle enough to not hurt her.
        Bart had recovered, and seeing the new scene before him, had an idea.
He called someone on the phone, and I heard him say, "Bring the boys over".  I
was sure that Susan was in for a good old gang bang.  He hung up, then knelt
down behind Susan, and brought his now fully-rejuvenated dick to her
well-fucked pussy, and this time she couldn't wiggle to establish a comfortable
fit.  But just the same, she enjoyed the contact once again.  After about
fifteen minutes, a knock on the door distracted the actors in this, my personal
play, and Bart opened the door.  In bounded two huge Labrador Retrievers and a
woman holding the leashes.
        The dogs strained at the restraint, pulling almost furiously toward
Susan.  The smell of sex hung heavily in the air and it was a good bet the dogs
were picking up on it.  The woman holding the dogs tethered looked quite
refined, though strong enough to hold these two dogs back.  She allowed the
dogs to pull up to my wife's cunt, and both of them began licking her pussy in
long, though speedy licks.  Susan couldn't do anything but moan around the cock
of Jeff, who still had not cum in her mouth.  The woman told the dogs to sit,
and they did immediately.  No question that these dogs belonged to her, and
they knew who was boss.  She then began to take off her clothes, and soon was
standing in nothing but her stockings, garter, and high heels. A bit older,
perhaps, than Susan but every bit as impressive with her body.  She then told
Bart to come over to her and began to suck his cock.  She took more of him than
Susan had, and didn't seem to mind the strain.  Maybe she was used to it.
Anyway, while on her knees sucking the tremendous dick of Bart, she snapped her
fingers twice and one of the dogs got up and took a position behind her, and
began licking her cunt and ass.  The other dog looked at his "master" and when
she nodded, got up and headed for Susan.  Now both women were getting licked
stem to stern and obviously enjoying it.  Jeff began to speed up his pumping,
and loudly moaned out his cum.  Susan couldn't keep it all in her mouth, and
large globs began to run down her cheek. Jeff pulled away, and I thought that
with her mouth now free we would hear about how sick these people were.  But
instead, she encouraged the dog to lick faster!  She was headed toward another
cum (how many tonight?) and was being taken there by a dog, and at her
insistence!!  That dispelled any thoughts of breaking this up.
        The other woman was also getting hot and wet, if the way the dog was
licking her was any indication.  She was wiggling her hips, and the dog was
keeping up with her.  But just as it appeared that she was about to cum, the
dog backed off and just sniffed.  Then the dog at Susan's cunt did the same
thing.  These dogs had been trained!!  When the women calmed down a little, the
dogs again attacked their respective pussies.  What precision!! What a scene!!
I wanted to jerk myself off, but was afraid that I might get carried away and
make a sound, or otherwise make it obvious that I was hiding in the closet.
        When the woman who had brought the dogs had calmed down for the third
(fourth?) time, she concentrated on Bart's cock, and brought him to a screaming
climax.  The dog on Susan walked around to the front of her and began to lick
the left-over of Jeff's sperm from her cheek, and she could not even pull away,
so tightly bound was she.  Then the dog jumped up and started feeding Susan his
dog dick, and what was even more amazing, she was opening her mouth to take
it!!  The dog stood there with his front paws on Susan's back, pumping his dick
into her mouth. This action was copied by the other dog and his "mate".  These
dogs were unquestionably a team, trained in this ritual and were probably tops
in their class.
        The dogs were building to their own climax, speeding up their haunches,
when almost as though on cue they jumped back, walked around to the rear of
their women, began licking till the women were hot and wet, and climbed aboard.
 They had no problem acquiring penetration.  Susan let out a squeal that said
she enjoyed the entry, and both dogs settled into a steady, almost furious
pace.  I had seen movies like this before, and thought that the dogs would
scratch the women, but that probably had been trained out of them also.
        Bart and Jeff were just sitting, taking in the erotic scene, cheering
the dogs on.  Jeff needed another blow job, and stepped in front of the woman
whose name we never did find out. She went at his cock with a vengeance!  The
dog had his paws in the middle of her back, pumping with his hind quarters, and
was licking Jeff on the belly.  Jeff quickly came this time, and sat back down,
but the dogs never missed a beat.  The woman moved over to where Susan was tied
(I knew this would come), and while her dog pumped her and her other dog fucked
Susan, she reached under Susan and stroked her clit.  Susan almost passed out
with this added stimulus, and came again in the longest cum I had EVER seen her
have.  As she came her dog also came, and from the position I was in, I could
see the dogs dick bulge out into a large knot, causing his dick to become
bigger around than my two fists held together!  As the dog finished cumming, he
stayed in place.  Had he just pulled out, I doubt that he would not have taken
some insides with him.  The other woman's dog was not too far behind, and they
came (explosively) together.
        The dogs slowly withdrew, and dog cum ran down Susan's leg.  I could
not see the other woman's pussy from where I was hidden, but I was sure it,
too, was dripping dog cum.  The dogs then switched partners, and licked each
others cum from the women's cunts.
        One of the dogs seemed to sense that something was wrong, and began to
look around, leaving Susan alone, the first time she was alone since she got
here.  The dog nosed-open the door behind which I was hiding, and Bart jumped
up like he had seen a ghost! But quickly recovering his senses, he ran over to
me, grabbed my arm and jerked me into the room.  Everyone began at once asking
what the hell was going on, and I told them the story.  Well, Bart and Jeff
said they enjoyed fucking my wife, but didn't like the idea of being spied on
and were going to teach me a lesson. They took some rope, and tied me across a
chair in much the same fashion that Susan was tied.  The woman motioned to her
dogs and they went into action.  They worked on me just as though the script
was started again, and I was sure it would be played out the same way.  I was
not disappointed; they proceeded as expected and soon dog cum was running down
MY leg.  The pain was momentary and fleeting.  The animal strength was
difficult to deny, and really an erotic experience, though one that I would
only want to go through once.
        The two guys left, and took the woman and her dogs with them.  They
said that they were going back to the bar, and tell everyone about the
experience, and where to find us, so that we should expect company soon.  We
were still tied, and in the dark, as they turned off the lights to make it more
difficult to escape our bonds.  It took what seemed like several hours for me
to untie myself, and when I did, I took advantage of the way Susan was tied to
fuck her from the rear, her favorite position.  I guess that I was stalling,
hoping that our "company" would arrive soon to continue the fantasy, but they
never arrived. I suppose no one believed the guys when the told them the story.
I'm sorry they didn't.  Still, I fucked like never before, as I had not cum all
day.  When I finally did cum, it felt like the end of my dick tore open and my
balls were shot through the end of it.
        I untied Susan, hugged her, let her know that I was happy that all of
this had happened, that my every fantasy was realized and then some, and that I
hoped that she was happy about it, too. That's when she told me that the whole
thing had been arranged for my benefit.  Then she kissed me.  But it was far
from the end of our fantasy-chasing!   But that, as they say, is another story!

--
