TS Fantasy
author unknown

*****

I go to my regular watering hole , waiting for a sexy friend of mine 
called Annie. I like to call her little Anal Annie, but that's another 
story. 

As I am waiting for her, I meet this nice Brunette with long long hair
called Thomasina ("T" for short). Spanish I tell myself, how nice. 
We talk about this and that, and for some reason I just cant take my eyes
off of her. I compliment her on her sexy tight dress and she thanks me 
with a kiss on the cheek (actually I was enjoying her deep cleavage).

Annie finally comes along and I introduce her to Thomasina. 
Annie has a flash in her eyes and I know she is definitely interested.
Here I am between two sexy chics in a bar and I can think only of 
leaving...  We talk about different things, but I always end up on sex 
naturally.

Finally after I have complimented Thomasina beyond belief , she invites
Annie and me over to her apartment, "for a surprise," she says.

We have a few drinks, and the talk quickly turns to lingerie and how it 
arouses all of us and makes sex so much better. Just that discussion 
causes me to get a huge hard -on. The discussion goes to half cup bras, 
and I tell them both how much I would like to see their beautiful pairs 
to decide which one I prefer. You see Annie is 105lbs, 5.5, blonde and 
38B-24-36. So a guy like me would like nothing more than to have a Blonde 
-Brunette comparison!!

Make those nipples hard I say. And they  both start sucking on each others
nipples. That really makes my dick want to come out of my pants. We all 
decide to go to the bedrom to be more comfortable.

I tell the girls how much of a turn on it would be for me to wear some
sexy garter pantihose. Just saying that they see my dick grow. Naturally 
they agree and help me out of my clothes. They can hardly take my 
bikini shorts off, cause my dick is too big..

T finds me a nice pair of white garter pantihose, the ones with all the
holes in the right places .. Having two sexy chics put those on me, 
arouses me so much, I get all light headed from all the blood rushing to 
my throbing cock. That hose feels so deliciously smooth its incredible. 

Now I'm ready for some hard action. Playing with me and seeing how 
excited I get from lingerie, has made the nipples on my two friends real 
hard too.

I start to kiss Thomasina's lovely breasts. Annie plays with her
nipple rings while I kiss and caress T's  tits. They're so lovely and 
firm I could kiss them for hours.  I turn to Annie and pull on one of her
rings with my teeth. She just purrs and starts to twist her body. "Let
me help you" I say , as I quickly help her out of her miniskirt. You see,
the girls have an advantage as they are still partly dressed..
Annie never wears any underwear, so we get a glimpse of her succulent
pussy immediately. As i watch her undress  I get more excited, cock
pointing straight in the air like a missile. "it's your turn" says
Annie looking at Thomasina. Annie loves pussy, so she is all wet in
anticipation. She caresses T's breasts as I remove her skirt. I kiss
T's belly and thighs and start to slowly pull down her sexy panties.
T just says" there more than you bargained for".

I am bewildered as her panties fall to the floor, I see a small but
super beautiful penis right in front of me!!! " Check this out" I tell
Annie, as we lay Thomasina on her back on the bed. "Yummy" is Annie's 
only answer. 

Naturally I get first lick as Annie kisses T's balls.  For me this is a 
dream come true, I can't believe it.. My dick is so big and throbing that 
T can't resist it. I lay on my side with my hard cock close to her mouth. 
She grabs my shaft and starts sucking it hard. This just causes me to 
suck harder as Annie feels her balls get harder. The feeling of a good 
cock in T's mouth quickly get the circulation going and her small cock 
gets real hard.

Annie just loves a good ass fucking and I let her have first turn at that
pleasure stick. T is on her back and Annie just squats down and lets her
ashole swallow T's tool. I get over T and fuck her tits with my
cock as the pprecum oozes generously out of me. The feeling of me in 
panti-hose siting atop her and rubbing the smooth hose against her body 
is an incredible turn on. We soon get a rythm, and Annie rides T's dick 
like a cowboy.  I give T's tits good long thrusts and every time I get 
close she sucks the tip of my cock. This could last for hours. Except 
that Annie has been pulling on her clit ring. This makes her come in a 
violent orgasm making her squeeze her ass muscles and that sucks all the 
jism out of T's balls. 

The sexual tension is too high and I just have to get relief too. I  
come, a la volcano, in T's mouth and all over her tits. Then we're all like 
cats after hot milk, wanting to suck every drop of my cum. As T licks her 
lips, Annie and I lick her tits clean of my cum, and then exchange a long 
wet French kiss to share the milk in our mouths...

We rest a few minutes enjoying a good drink...

But soon my cock craves for a good fuck. I have always dreamed of being
ass fucked by a TS while I make love to a lady. I ask Annie to comeover 
and I start licking her pussy and clit. Not wanting to be left out she 
goes for T's cock and starts sucking it hard, giving it a new life. 
"Annie" I say," I just gotta fuck your hot pussy".

Annie comes over immediately and places heself on all fours. My cock
is so super sensitive now it feels like an electic rod, thingling all
over. I'm on my knees too and just ease myself deep into her wet
slippery puss. At every thrust, my legs feel the silkyness of Annies body
through the panti-hose I wear. T wants a good fuck too and lubricates 
her hard dick with a generous amoutn of gelly.
 
It feels so good to have her fuck my ass.  I have to hold back as I 
nearly come on the spot. She holds on to my chest and I feel her large 
tits squashed against my back.  Her legs also rub against mine as she 
plunges into me...  Thefeeling is so utterly incredible I feel like I died 
and went to heaven.

An unbelievable elctrical pathway is created from T's dick, going
though my ass, across my dick and into Annie's hot pussy.
We have become one in a sexual transe that feels like Nirvana..
I can sense her cock in me and the pleasure that gives Thomasina.
This increases the pleasure and makes my cock so much bigger and more
sensitive. Annie can feel me bigger inside of her as my shaft throbs
every time Iam fucked deeper. I in turn plunge harder and deeper into
Annie's palace. I know Annie is pulling on her rings to make that
pleasur triple...

After what feels like an eternity of joy, we all come crying out as we
orgasm, and then fall exhausted to the bed.

That's one of my Transexual fantasies...

FIN
