From - Mon Feb 10 12:47:14 1997
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!mr.net!newsfeeds.sol.net!europa.clark.net!newsfeed.internetmci.com!uunet!in3.uu.net!198.168.54.138!rcogate.rco.qc.ca!altitude!usenet
From: "Longshanwk" <pgalipo@cam.org>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.incest,alt.sex.pedophilia,alt.sex.pre-teens,alt.sex.stories.incest,alt.stories.incest
Subject: RE: TFTFA01.TXT 15K - (Teens,  Mf, Cons, Rape?, Preg?)
Date: 9 Feb 1997 00:33:58 GMT
Organization: Communications Accessibles Montreal, Quebec Canada
Lines: 345
Message-ID: <01bc1620$a11b0b80$f37797cd@pgalipo.hip.cam.org>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dynamicppp-243.hip.cam.org
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Internet News 4.70.1157
Xref: nntp.earthlink.net alt.sex.incest:51739 alt.sex.pedophilia:69728 alt.sex.pre-teens:20826 alt.sex.stories.incest:14728 alt.stories.incest:2771

***********************************************************************
LONGSHANK DISCLAIMER :

The following story contains SEXUAL MATERIALS AND implicit LANGUAGE that
may not be suitable to all viewer. Viewer  discretion is advised.

LONGSHANK is not the author, but is the poster.

***********************************************************************

The First Time For All Collection - PART 1

Every one remembers there first kiss or the first time they saw a naked
teen. Alex certainly remembers.

Through the exploration of are young body and flesh, we learn the pleasures
that are body bring us. But when someone else explores your body and flesh,
the pleasure increases ten times.

Alex First Time

Hey, my name is Alex and this is my story. But let me begin. I was educated
in a catholic environment were sex as I know today was a taboo subject in
my family. Never the lest I started to masturbate at the age of 11, or
rather that is when I became aware of the pleasures of masturbating.

I was also being interested in girls. One thing that my Parents though me
was to respect girls in there in entireties. So kissing them on their
cheeks was O.K. but nothing else. That's until a summer day when I was 16.

That day I was getting prepared for summer camp with the Air cadets. Prior
to the summer I meet Julie in my cadet unit. She was 14 at the time. Brown
eyes, long brown hair. She was slender and tall. I was not paying attention
to her body, there was nothing to see under that khaki uniform, but we
talked a lot.

Getting back to my summer camp preparations Julie came to my house. And ask
me if I wanted to go to the park. "Alex don't be to long you haven't finish
preparing and I'm not done do all the preparation for you. Tomorrow you're
leaving for cadet camp." That's was my mother  yelling from my room. "O.K.
mom. I'll be back in two or three hours." I responded to my mother. Looking
back at Julie, we then proceeded to the park on your bikes.

Going to the park, I notice Julie's ass going left and right will pedaling
on her bike. But I didn't make anything of it at the time. Only that I
though that she has a cute ass.

At the park we started to play and foul around with the swings and slides
for a wild. That's when I really started to notice Julie's body. All of her
clothes were  tight, showing her 14 year old body curves.. Her halter top
was letting me  see the curves of her small breasts, and the tight short
was covering  her cute little ass. I was mesmerize by her slender body. I
think she saw the way I looked at her. She started to look around the park
to see if we were alone.

"Alex, do you know a place where we can be alone?"
"Ugh, why?"
"I want to show you a new game, but we need to be alone."
"Well we're all alone there is no one in the park now."
"I know but what if somebody comes?"
"Gee, what's the mystery about!"
I started to look around to find a private corner but my eyes were getting
back on Julie's body. At the end of the park I saw a shack where the city
stores their tools.

"Will that place do the thing?"
"Yes, come, let's go in there."

The door of the shack was locked but the door of the basement was half
open. So we took our bikes lock them and proceeded into the shack basement
The basement was half dark, some light was getting trough the door and some
basement windows.

"O.K., what's the game you want to show me?"

As Julie got closer to me. She then ask me a question.

"Are you afraid of marriage?"
"What? I don't want to be married."
"Just  answer yes or no Alex."
"Yes, what kind of stupid games is this?"
"Well should be answering no."
"Why?"
"Just answer no and you'll see."

Julie put her hands on my shoulders.

"Are you afraid of marriage?"
"No."

Julie lowered one hand onto my torso

"Are you afraid of marriage?"
"No."

I was beginning to think that it was a dumb game But Julie got closer to me
and started to kiss me. Putting her tongue into my mouth.

"Are you afraid of marriage?"
"No."

Our voices were muffled by our tongues were mangling together. Julie
proceeded by lowering her hand from my torso and slipped  under the waist
band of my shorts and my under pants. She then started to gently rub my
cock. I jump and pushed her a way, surprised by the move she as done.

"What the fuck?"
"That is the game, usually you should do the same thing to me."
"You mean that you'll allow me to touch you?"
"Yes, I would if you are willing to do it."
"Where did you learn that game?"
"A friend toll me how."
"O.K., so we just touch and play with each other?"
"Ugh, yes. You still interested in the game?"
"Well O.K., but let's skip the marriage's question.."

 So she went on, putting her hand inside my short and under pants. She
started to gently rub my dick. that was getting  bigger on each stroke she
was doing, has I lowered down my hands, they slide over her budding
breasts. Julie moaned letting me know that I was doing the right thing. My
hands then went under her halter top and over her bikini top pressing her
tiny tits against my fingers. I was surprised when gently rubbing her
little breasts and nipples, they became hard  and erect. I wanted to see
more, so I  raised my hand thus removing the halter top from her chest. By
doing so Julie let go of my dick and raised her harms in the air to help
remove her halter top.

As she removed my T-shirt, I continued to slide softly on her breasts. Her
erect tits and  little nipples where pushing against the fabric of her
bikini top. I could resist the urge to place my hands over those two small
mounds and begin gently rubbing  and squeezing them against the fabric.
Julie seemed to like this as she closes her eyes, pushed her chest forward
and started to moan. For several minutes I played  with her little tits,
until she took one of hands and slid down over her soft trembling belly. So
then I knew she wanted to be touch between the legs. Slowly  removing my
other hand from her tits. I  kneel down,  took her white little shorts by
the waste bands and  slowly broth them down below her knees.

Getting back up my right hand  gently  rub her inner thighs up to her
crotch over the bikini pants. As I touch her between her legs, Julie jumped
and moan as a bolt of electricity rush to her head. Fooling around her
pussy I felt her pubic hear under the fabric of her bikini. Her bikini was
getting damp from the touches of my hand. As I slid down my fingers in her
bikini Julie  move closer to me and spread her legs as open as she could.
My fingers quickly found her warm damp pussy. As I slowly began rubbing her
pussy, my index finger slid between her soft pussy lips, and into her hot
wet vagina. Julie  pressed her body against mine letting me feel her erect
tits over my skin. She then thrust forward her small hips and slightly 
closed her legs together making my index finger rubbing more tense. This
seemed to drive her will as her moaning grown louder and her breath
shorten.

All too soon, Julie's legs started to tremble then suddenly  her whole body
stiffed and then gave out with a long low moan. She slid down onto her
knees. My fingers popped out of her pussy and my hand slid out of her
bikini as she collapsed. I wasn't sure  of what just happened. Many
thoughts crossed my mind. My penis had stiffened and I couldn't think
clearly. Looking down at Julie  I thought that She was hurt.  Slowly she
open her eyes, then let out one last moan and looked at me with a grin.

My penis was so hard that my shorts was letting her see a huge bulge.

"Julie! Are you O.K.?"
"Uhuh, I'm O.K.. It's a first for me too you know."
"What, nobody ever did that to you?"
"No. you're the first one ."
"So you still a virgin then?"
"Hugh, I'm still am, and You."
"Well..."

I  didn't have the time to finish, when I felt the hands of Julie gripping
the waist bands on my shorts.

Julie slowly pulled  my shorts down and let my stiff penis pop into view.
"Wow, it's big..." Came out of her mouth as she raped her fingers around
it. At that moment I was surprised, and wanted her to stop. But then I
couldn't care and she made sure of it as she proceeded to kiss the tip of
my penis. As her wet and damp lips made contact, my penis stiffened even
more until it  was pointing straight out My legs twitched  and my breath
shorten upon that soft touch of her lips.

"Hoooo, Julie stop, I.... I...."
"Let me try something out...."

She continued to kiss its hard rounded head, then preceded down to my balls
sliding her wet lip on my hard penis and back up to the tip of it. Then she
opened her mouth and slowly and softly sucking  the tip in. By know I felt
a hot flash of pure pleasure rushing trough my body as I closed my eyes.
Boy, was I surprised  when I look down and saw most of my penis in Julie's
hot mouth. With her lips puckered tightly around my penis, Julie began
sliding her wet tongue around and along its length. I must have gone out of
my mind, letting her do this, but I must admit that it was so good even
better than jacking it of in my room. As Julie  began moving her head back
and fourth so that my penis was sliding in and out of her damp and hot
mouth, I grabbed her by her hair and began pumping with her.

"Hoooooo shittttt"

My body was ready to exploded as it's stiffed, as my penis started spitting
my teen sperm down Julie's throat. As Julie drained every drop of my fluid,
 I began to be aware of the time. It lasted and hour and we still have an
other hour to go. Julie lean back on the ground and wiped her lips with her
tongue to clean remove the rest of my stuff.

"Wow Julie, that my first...."
"Blowjob?"
"Ho, is that what you call it.."
"Yes, I saw my mother do that once to my father and he liked it."

By now my penis was back to it normal size, as Julie stood up.

"What time is it?"
"Ho, we still have another hour to go."

At that moment I wanted her and her body to me, I wanted to play more of
that game with her before leaving to cadet camp.

Julie turn her back to pick up her halter top on the floor. When she stood
back up, I moved closer to her and put my harm around her belly. She fought
for a will as I thrust her back to my body. My left hand went on her left
breast and gently started to caress it. 

"Alex, stop I don't want to get pregnant."

She was trying to get a way from me, by removing my right harm from her
belly and my left hand from her small tits.

"Please Alex, we'll do this another time."

I couldn't care less, the time for was now and all I can think about was
having her, her body and her virginity. So I held her firmly to my body.

"Please...."

She moan  without finish her words,  As I proceeded to kiss her on the neck
behind the ears. Then she stop fighting and let her harms go beside her
half naked body as my right hand slide back down in her bikini pants and
gently rubbing her pussy with my index finger.
On each stroke on her love button Julie's tight ass pressed against my
penis that was getting bigger every time.

As my mouth was untying her laced bikini top and that the fabric loosen
from her breasts to reveal two tiny pink nipples poking straight out, she
let go of halter top hand put her right hand on my mine. Then her left harm
went up and grab the back of my head. And with a soft moan her body started
to shiver.
"Ho please Alex.... Make me...."

My penis was so hard that it began to press against bikini pants therefore
pressing  thither my right hand on to her pussy. Locking around to sit
Julie down because her legs where giving up, my eyes crossed a work bench..
I let go of Julie, took her by the harms pit, lift her up on it, She was
sitting straight up as I look at her breasts and tiny pink nipples. 

I stick my tongue out as I kissed her. Slowly I move my lips down on her
breasts and lock them around her left nipple. Julie seemed to like this as
she  pushed her chest forward. As my tongue wiggle around and on the nipple
Julie closed her eyes. and her head  went back as she lets go a long steady
moan. As my hands were busy untying the laces of her bikini pants, my mouth
was changing breasts from left to right and right to left. Julie's spread
her legs to let me get closer. As moved closer to kiss her on her lips,
Julie's emit a small squeal. The tip of my penis was poking and pushing the
fabric of her bikini pants on her pussy. Will still untying the laces
Julie's hands took my penis and wiggle it  on crotch..

When the laces finally gave up, I move my mouth down on her belly will she
lean on her back and let go of my penis. As I move  the last part of her
bikini from her crotch, my eyes got wide open. I couldn't believe it, here
lead down  a beautiful, totally naked body of a girls. Never in a million
years I would have thought that at 16 years old I'll be having sex with a
14 year old girl.

I took my two hands and gently spread pussy lips open. There was wet pink
tiny pussy. As I lean my head between her legs and slowly put my mouth on
her pussy I stuck my tongue out to reach her love button, then I let go of
her pussy lips and put my hands on her breasts.

"Ohhh, Uhhhhh"

Julie's reaction to tongue poking and liking her damp and wet pussy, was
thrusting her small hips upward and with her hand shoving my head further
in her crotch. I was driving her crazy has my tongue move all over her
pussy. And every time her sweet pussy was getting swollen and from damp to
wet. As she was ready to climax, I stood up, put the tip of my penis on the
edges of her pussy. As  I slowly push  part of  it in, her pussy lips move
apart and give way to the head of my penis.

"Ohhhhh, Shitttttttt you're fucking me......"
"Why? you want me to stop?"
"Well I don't know.... You're hurting me."

My penis was half way in when I encounter resistance. So I pull back to the
edge of her pussy. Julie squealed and moan as I made my penis go back and
forth in her belly and making sure that I don't brake her cherry.

"Don't brake my cherry Alex... Be careful..."

I was extra careful not to break the cherry but suddenly Julie's body began
to  trembling as my movement was going faster and faster inside her, and
then it happened Julie lost control over her body. As my penis was going
back in her pussy, Julie's belly violently thrust upward again and this
time the cherry that was no longer offering resistance to my penis as felt
it going all the way in.

"Oh, Ohhhhhhhhh Godddddd......."
"I'm sorry Julie I didn't mean to......"
"Oh, shittttttt, It hurts..."

For a few minutes pain invaded her pussy and body. But with the movement of
my hips going back and forth, pain quickly gave way to pleasure as Julie
stop crying and start moaning. Her tight pussy was  getting tighter around
my penis. Her breasts harden even more as her nipples got more and more
erect. On every stroke in her pussy, her moan were louder and her breath
was shorter. Out side her pussy she was wet.

"Ohhhhhh Alexxxx, fuck....... Ahhhhhh uhhhhhhh"

All of that action was get it toll on me too. My breaths shorten and I
started to moan too.

"Alllexxxxx don't, don't come inside me.... Pleassssseeeee"

That last part was to late. Julie screamed, squealed and let out a long low
moan while all the muscles in her body stiffed and gave out as she grabs
the working bench with her hands. At that time her pussy tighten around my
penis and my body also stiffen as I squirt loads after loads of my white
teenage juice, filling so much her vagina that the white juice was coming
out and I felt my balls were going in.. As I removed my penis some white
juice came out. But then Julie took my hips and thrust me back in and
pushed me out of her.

"Shitttt Alex I told you not cum in me...."
"Sorry.... I couldn't control it...."
"NA.... never mind... I'll ask my sister for some pills..."
"Ya well I think you shouldn't wait."
"You fuck me pretty good Alex, my pussy is numb."
"Ah shit I have to go my mom will kill me.... I'm late."
"Wait...."

Julie got of the work bench kneel down and start licking my penis and
sucking the rest and what was left of my juice.




