
ÿÿ                          "THANKS-3"


  Within thirty minutes both Helen and I saw a white car pull up and
stop in our driveway.  A woman got out of the car removing a small
overnite case from her car trunk.  I ducked into the bedroom and hid
like a voyeur behind the bedroom door.  Tiger Lady walked up our front
sidewalk as she approached the door and rang the bell.

  As Helen opened the door the woman said, "Hi, Deary... by the way...
what's your real name," Tiger Lady asked.  "Oh, I'm Helen... pleased
to meet you... come in and sit down and make yourself comfortable,"
Helen told her.   Both women walked into the living room as they sat
down for a moment.

  "And your real name is...," Helen asked as she sat down.

  "I'm Gina... Ohh... well you know...Tiger Lady" she said.

  I could see out through the crack in the bedroom door that Gina was
indeed very well endowed. She was about 30 years old with jet black
hair.  Gina came in and sat right down beside Helen.   A few minutes or
so of loose chit-chat and small-talk and Helen offered her a glass of
wine.  Both women sat side-by-side next to each other on the sofa and
continued drinking the wine which started to loosen their inhibitions.
After half-an-hour or so both women were getting totally inebriated,
telling each other dirty rotten jokes which were starting to get more
raunchier by the minute.

  "Thanks Helen, I'd love to have some more wine, I'm so bored. My damn
husband's is always out of town," she said,  "the only fun thing I have
to amuse myself these days with sex at all is when I'm on the computer,
getting into those hot chatting sessions with some of the other ladies."
"You know like we did the other NIGHT!" as Gina's looked directly into
Helen's eyes as she slipped her tongue from her mouth moistening her
lips with the last word in the sentence as she looked over at Helen.
Gina took her finger and slipped it in her mouth as she made some gross
gestures by licking her tongue all over her finger as she withdrew it
from her mouth.  Gina was pretending to lick a man's penis by the way
she was expertly sucking and licking her own finger in the process.

  Helen sat opposite Gina on a chair as she slowly flaunted open her
robe so Gina could get a better look at her full ripe figure.  Helen was
dressed in all of her of sexy lingerie for Gina'a perusal.  She wore her
half-bra which supported her breasts with the under-wired cups exposing
the fullness of her large titties.  Her matching black garter belt and
her long-seamed stockings topped off her black spikes.  Then I saw a
10" long dildo drooping out from between her cunt lips.  When Helen's
kimono parted, Gina's eyeballs nearly popped out of her head with sheer
excitement as she peered over at the thick ramrod as it hung... fat...
and thick... protruding out from between Helen's thighs.

  "OHhhhh... my.. HELEN...You BITCH!" Gina shrieked, "WHAT have you
GOT IN THERE... deep in your wet CRACK?,"  Now Helen hands moved down
down to the rubbery  'cock'  as she playfully waived the cock teasing
Gina a bit.  Gina's started to rub and massage her own pussy after she
saw the dildo buried so deeply in Helen's snatch. "You're... getting...
me... all... HOT and WET..," Gina blushed.  "I've got myself ready for
YOU... I'm creaming in my pantyhose," Gina gulped.  Gina jumped up and
dashed away not even turning her head as she made for the door of the
bathroom, along with her vanity case tucked neatly beneath her arm.
Of course, all this time I was hiding behind the door and enjoying the
whole show.  During my voyerism I grew hotter as I saw how Helen got
Gina so sexually stimulated with crude behavior.

  Helen reclined on the sofa slowly pumping the long dildo in and out
of her pussy as she looked over to me in the doorway.  She was making
obscene gestures back at me.  She stopped, relaxing with her big pussy
poker still drooping out of the lips of her vagina as she stretched out
and rested a bit.  She put both of her arms up over her head as she
hotly anticipated Gina's return.  The dildo was still shoved deep in
Helen's cunt as she waited...for Gina.

  A few minutes later Gina reappeared with a blue robe and sauted over
to where Helen was laying on the sofa.  She whipped open her robe. In
doing so, she placed her hands brazenly on both her gorgeous hips as she
spread her garment wide-open at the waist.  I must say Gina's breasts
were large and ripe.  I would say she was a good size 38D. I could feel
my love muscle rising harder to the occasion.  Gina's dark areolas were
puffed out like little cream puffs with big hard nips that protruded out
from the peepholes in her bra.  She was wearing a tight halter bra that
held her knockers in a clamped bodice.  The cute little cutouts in the
tips of her bra exposed the full diameter of her nipples as she bulged
out from those cleverly designed cups.  Gina also had on the tiniest
pair of patent leather  'fuckme'  style pumps I'd ever seen.

  "Ohhh, Gina, your titties look so delicious, I going to enjoy running
my hot tongue over those nipples for you....." Helen said.  Gina moved
back grabbing herself underneath each of her bra cups and running her
fingers down over her areolas pinching each one of her nipples outwardly
to Helen.  It was almost as if she was flaunting herself; daring for
them to be sucked.  Gina toyed with the nubs of her nipples getting
them all tweaked to perfection... and all the harder right in front of
Helen's lusty eyes.

  Helen now examined the rest of Gina's kinky attire.  Hanging low on
Gina's waist and strapped to her hairy crotch was a stiff 8" dildo.
The latex boner had a definite bend in it about half-way up the shaft
as Gina inched over closer to Helen.  She made some final adjustments to
the V-triangle that held the cock erect in it's harness as she strutted
over by Helen's face.  "I save this special TOY for only for my best
lady friends, Helen," Gina said, "why don't you feel the hardness of
the thick shaft; wrap your fingers tightly around the base and run the
foreskin up and down over the cockhead for me."  Helen was eager to
feel the erect male penis in her hand, remarking "It's so fucking BIG,
it's almost like the real thing Gina!" Helen gulped in astonishment.

  As she obliged, Gina moved closer and the dyke bobbed freely up and
down. "Move over HERE, Gina...," Helen cooed.  As Helen grabbed the
shaft in her right hand, pressing it against her belly as the ladies
kissed passionately.  "MMmm... you sure are SIZZLING tonight... Gina,"
Helen told her.  Helen ran her hands up and squeezed Gina's marvelous
tits.  By now Gina's nips were fully engorged.  The two women caressed
their breasts together and rubbing their nipples back and forth all over
each other.  They continued French kissing and running their tongues
deep into each other's mouths.  Helen bent down and drew one of Gina's
delicious cream puffs fully into her mouth with loud slurping sounds.
I repositioned my hands on the doorway as I continued to watch, brushing
the front of my trousers.  As for myself, I had grown as hard as a rock
as I continued to watch their stellar performance.  DAMN, I wish I had
set up my video camera and taped this whole thing!

  "OOOhhh, Helen," Gina gasped, "you are really beautiful, your Damn
husband should be jealous... such a voluptuous and shapely woman all
alone like you needs some extra special loving."  Helen motioned over
to the partially closed bedroom door were I was hiding.  "Let's go
into the bedroom and lay on the bed," as Helen lead Gina by the hand
towards the door.  Helen reached around and unfastened Gina's bra and
let her breasts fall unbridled as they came arm-in-arm towards the
bedroom door.  Needless to say, I moved rather fast to hide in the
walk-in closet, closing the bi-fold doors in front of me from the
inside. I peeked out through the small slats in the doors to see what
would happen next.

  Gina was laying on the bed so that the dildo was perched straight up
on her belly.  Helen slid atop her and grabbed the end of the cockshaft
bringing it up to her ruby lips.  "SO Gina," Helen said, "is this what
you wanted all along."  Helen took the big cockhead in her red lips as
she slipped it in her mouth, making some "MMMMmmmm" sounds.  "That's
GOOD... Helen... that's so good, now take the shaft and use the tip of
the  'cock'  and rub it all over your nipples so they get harder!"

  As I stood concealed in the closet I unbuckled my belt letting my
trousers fall to the floor.  I quietly slipped off the rest of my
clothes as I stood naked.  My ramrod arched straight up.  My prick
throbbed as I watched the two of them make love.  Then I saw Helen take
the entire length of the rubber shaft in her mouth.  She played with
the latex member as Gina reached around for Helen's legs so she could
draw her into a favorable 69-position.  Gina dragged Helen atop her
spreading her legs as wide apart as she could get them.  She buried
her head between Helen's legs and was lapping up her pussy for her.

  "Oh, Helen... let me suck on your VULVA and CLIT for you."  Gina
panted.  By now, Helen was out of it, and Gina was flicking her tongue
all over Helen's clitoral area doing fast figure-8's all over shaved
pussy and cupping and massaging her breasts for her.  As I peeked out
through the louvers of the doors I saw Helen pull off the V-crotch and
straps from Gina's legs as she turned the fake cock around and inserted
the 'toy' into Gina's hairy snatch.  "OOOhhh, Helen that feels so good,
keep shoving it in my pussy deeper!" Gina moaned.  I could hear Gina's
mouth making loud sucking sounds as she tried to engulf as much of
Helen's hot vulva in her mouth as possible. "MMMmmmm," Gina slurped.

  My own cock was standing at full attention and pulsating.  I couldn't
take too much more of their entertainment. I wondered when I was going
to get my chance to make my grand entrance, or if I was going to end
up just holding a stiff pecker all night.

  Helen slid off Gina and removed the dildo and slipped the stra