
ÿÿ                          "THANKS-2"

  "Well, my husband's out of town on business and I'm alone again for
a few days until we can both play computer again," I sighed to myself.
I sat down to watch TV as I quickly got bored with all the sitcoms and
re-runs on that night.  I decided to take a hot shower and get ready
for bed.  As I grabbed my teddy off the hook I saw my nipples were
standing up hard and erect.  I wished Jeff was here and we could both
both read all the hot E-mail together.  I sighed a breath of relief as
as I slipped the thin pink chemise down over my body.

  I thought again, "Oh, I wish I could see some of those SEXY posts."
Well, why NOT what the Hell!!  I knew how to use the dumb computer.
"Why, couldn't I get it on myself... but I'd probably get myself all
**HOT** and bothered.  I didn't give a SHIT!  This would serve Jeff
right anyway for not being here to enjoy the computer with me!

  I dialed the number through the modem and logged on as I located the
first message area and started reading all the new messages.  First,
there were a few guys drooling out their hearts to a couple of the
ladies drooling out their inner feelings for them.  Later, a few of the
messages from guys were described the size and circumference of their
penises for the gals in such vivid detail and how they would eat the
ladies pussies and lick their big titties all up for them. Some of them
described the nipples and clitoral areas in such explicit detail that
my own pussy grew wetter with anticipation from all of the exquisite
language contained in the posts.

  I could tell I was really beginning to get hotter as my hand rested
between my legs and I would gently rub own my clit as the messages kept
scrolling off the monitor.  I brushed my finger through my hairless
triangle.  It was warm and growing wetter by the minute.  My own juices
were flowing and starting to oozing freely out from between the lips
my vagina.

Then, all of a sudden and without any warning...

--------------------------------
CHAT MODE entered by: Tiger Lady

TG->Hi Deary: What are you doing?

  I was shocked!  Oh, that's the horny lady I chatted with the other
night when Jeff was eating my pussy for me and I gave her the explicit
details of how he was performing oral sex on me!

Not much TG, just reading the mail.

TG->Oh, what's your husband doing...now Deary?

Oh, he's out of town... I'm here all by my lonesome.

TG->Good, I bet you feel a little horny tonight...don't U?

  I didn't know what to tell her! I was getting hornier by the minute,
now that she mentioned it.  But, I didn't want to let on and let her
know that I was an easy turn-on just because Jeff wasn't available.

Not much...I think I'm going to turn this damn thing off and go to bed.

TG->...I'll get you a bit horny if you want???

  I thought for a minute, not knowing what to say to her.  Then I
pressed the keys down as I responded.

ok go ahead

TG-> Well then, just relax and let me tell you a little bedtime story.
TG-> BTW, my dear take off your clothes. I want you to sit in front
TG-> of the monitor so you're completely undressed. Then you can enjoy
TG-> my story.

    The thought of it alone made my pussy cream even more. It didn't
take me two seconds to slip off my teddy as I sat naked in front of
the monitor screen watching and waiting for her next message.

TG-> Good, now that you're more comfortable we can continue...
TG-> Move your hand up to your breast and cup the fullness of it in
TG-> your hand.  Knead the soft flesh of your breast... Now the other.
TG-> That's, right! I want you to lift your breast up and down with
TG-> your hand.   Fondle it!   Make the blood flow into the areola.
TG-> Squeeze it, so the nipple expands outward and starts to get hard.
TG-> Now run your forefinger all over your areola and around the nipple
TG-> area so that your nipple becomes firm and erect!  Push the nipple
TG-> in with your thumb and then gently grab it between your forefinger
TG-> and your thumb and roll it around!  Tweak it between both of your
TG-> fingers and pull on it.. Pull on it harder!!!

  By now, both my nipples had perked straight out and were standing up
at full attention. I could see my nips swelling up on their own and turning
a dark-brownish color... as Tiger Lady continued.

yes

TG-> Good! That's right my Dear. Rub them harder so they feel better..

  They were feeling good now. I watched each message reply on the screen
as she kept me enthralled in her Bi-sexual foreplay.  I want to say
something back to her but I was hypnotized.    I just kept watching the
screen and waiting for the next message.  All the while, I was getting
very hot and hornier by the minute.  DAMN that Jeff!

TG-> BTW, do you have a dildo or vibrator handy... Deary?

Yes in the next room

  I almost creamed myself right there from her last message.  I was
going to enjoy myself even if Jeff wasn't here.

TG-> Go and get it. I'll wait...

  I left the chair and went into the drawer where I hid all my toys from
Jeff.  Both dildos were made of soft pliable latex.  Each of them had
huge bulging veins which ran up and down the length of the cockshaft.
I returned and laid both dildos next to me by the computer.

o.k I'm back

TG-> Good! Turn on the vibrator and bring it up to one of your nipples
TG-> and let it vibrate along the side of your breast and then bring it
TG-> around and run it over your titty softly. Just let the tip of the
TG-> vibrator prod the tip of your nipple.

  I touched the vibrator to my areola and it was sheer magic!  My nips
grew even harder now as the batteries in the vibrator took over and gave
my nipples a numbing and throbbing sensation.  I could feel my nipples
growing harder and the buzzing sound of the vibrator started to make my
nipples feel even more pointed.

TG-> Feels GOOD doesn't it Deary?

yes

TG-> That's right!  Just think If I was there to run my *HOT* juicy
TG-> tongue all over them for you. I would suck each one until they
TG-> were deliciously hard and pointed. Can you visualize that?

yes

TG-> I would swirl my hot tongue all over your hot full breasts and
TG-> both nipples!  You would squirm around under my tender direction
TG-> and beg me for mercy.  Wouldn't you?

yes

TG-> Now I want you to get one of those dildos in your hand!

yes

TG-> Now move it down to your pussy and move the tip up against the
TG-> lips of your vagina.  Do you have it in place yet, Deary?

yes

  The dildo had a medium sized cockhead on the tip similar to that of
Jeff's penis.  DAMN that Jeff, I wish he was here for me now!!

TG-> Now I want you to take the tip of the dildo, bring it up to your
TG-> lips and moisten the end of the dildo with your tongue for me.
TG-> Get it all wet for me so it will slide real easy in your pussy!
TG-> Run your tongue all around the cockhead and lick the tip all over
TG-> really good!  Now run your tongue just round the tip!  Now put it
TG-> deeper into your mouth, gradually feeding it in a little at a time
TG-> for me!

no

TG-> Oh, come on! Don't be a prude. Just make off I'm him and we are
TG-> reading the SEXY messages just like the two of you always do.
TG-> Put it in your mouth.  Slip it in... like it was his cock!

ok

TG-> Good, now take it out and move it down to your pussy and start
TG-> to twist and push it in and make off it's was his cock filling
TG-> your pussy up!  Keep pushing on the shaft so it goes in!

ok

TG-> You should have it in your pussy almost an inch or so now!

yes

TG-> Start to push it in harder now and think about how he fucks you
TG-> harder and harder when both of you are reading all these HOT
TG-> creamy messages together.

I am

TG-> Grab the end of the shaft and start to slowly remove the shaft
TG-> out from your pussy and then start to slowly push it again so
TG-> it slides in a little further.  Work it in and out like a cock!

ok ok

TG-> Now start to make the strokes with your hand a little longer and
TG-> a little deeper as you ram it more and more into your cunt. C'mon
TG-> Dearie let yourself go a little!  FUCK yourself with it HARDER!

i'm doing it

  I could feel the hard thick veins on the shaft as I rammed the length
of it deeper and harder into my pussy.  The feeling was sheer ecstasy.

TG-> That's right think of his prick all rigid and hard ramming in and
TG-> out of your pussy as if he was right here doing it for you.

  I could tell I couldn't take too much more of this. The Bitch had me
almost creaming now during our little Chat session.  I knew I had to
quickly give myself an orgasm to relieve myself of all this tension.

TG-> I bet you're going to cum..... real soon, huh?

yes

TG-> Now you should have that dildo PRICK in you to the hilt!

yes

TG-> Good!

  I didn't hear the door open when Jeff came in earlier. He was standing
in the background watching me getting turned on with my pussy 'toy' as
I kept prodding myself with the length of the vibrator in my cunt.

TG-> Are you F-U-C-K-I-N-G yourself with it REALLY hard now!

yes

  I guess I must have been reading her messages out loud.  I must have
been saying my responses too and I could only restrain myself from her
holding back the next message.

TG-> Well!

yes, i am....i'm so hot...

  I turned my head to the left and I saw Jeff's hard cock standing out
not 2" inches from my mouth.  Without hesitation, I bent my head forward
and sucked his penis deeply into my mouth as I continued ramming the
length of the dildo harder and harder in and out of my own pussy.

TG-> Feel... as good as your husband, Deary?

  Jeff motioned with his finger against his lips to say nothing about
his early return and univited entrance during our Chat.

yes

TG-> Good! Let yourself come now!

i love prick

TG-> I know. Now take the other rubber dildo and suck on it for me.

  I could only press on the "mmmmmmm" key as I sucked off Jeff's cock
for him.  He was starting to thrust himself violently now in and out
of my mouth.  His strokes