
ÿÿ                          "THANKS-1"


ÿÿI've got to thank everyone for posting these all of those sexy
messages here.  Especially to some of the hot ladies out there.

  This BBS has been so great for my sex life!

  When I started to read all these hot messages my wife would wander
in next to me peering curiously over my shoulder. She became more and
more obsessed with the explicit content and erotic replies to each of
the messages as we both read them together.  I can see she's getting
hotter by the message...(I mean by the minute) as we let them scroll
on the monitor screen from one conference to the next.  By, now she
would usually excuse herself and leave the room.  In a few minutes,
she'll return all decked out in her sexy black lace garter belt, her
nylon stockings and spikes. When we resume reading the messages again,
we do so in a more relaxed and comfortable position with her sitting
on my lap. BTW...this if our favorite best copulating position.
She'd move over and sit on my lap and straddle my legs with her
eyes glued to the keyboard.  Right now she's just standing beside
me here now as were both reading the posts left by other people.

  I can usually tell when she's starting to get sensuous.  She'll
usually reach her hand over and start to squeeze my pecker through
my pants and start to bring me up to full hardness.  A few more
messages and she's fumbling now for the zipper on my pants and she
utters a soft moan as she pulls my pants over my knees pulling them
to the floor.  By this time, my prick is very rigid and I am totally
hard.  My cock is standing straight up at attention right now!  All
of the veins on my shaft have swelled and are a deep purple. My
cock is bent backwards and pressing up against my belly.  A few
more hot messages and I'm oozing semen out from the tip.  This is
really starting to drive her up the WALL!!!

  Last week, she sank my hot prick in her mouth and I could hear her
garbled moaning for me to continue reading the posts out loud while
she's down there slurping my cock. Sometimes I'd tease her when she's
down there and when I reach a good story...I'll go very SLOWLY!  She
doesn't like that and she she'll usually squeeze my balls for me real
hard. She likes when I just continue reading and she's working on me.
When I resume reading again she continues to perform fellatio on me
with very slow methodical strokes.  When she knows I'm about ready to
come she'll swirl her tongue around the frenum on the tip of my cock
until I'm squirting all over her tits.  Sometimes she'll even take me
all the way into the back of her throat and I really enjoy that. It's
all part of the little game we play while reviewing the messages!!!

  Today, she's moved over to my lap where we can both read and begin
fondling each other's private parts.  I've removed her bra and she's
working my cock so that as we go on reading she has me clamped tight
in a vise-like grip between her legs.  She's reaching down now to
grab my cock and squeezing the shaft for me; or she'll pull on each
one of my testicles or bobble each ball with her fingers.  All this
time were hugging and kissing and we let our tongues entwine and slip
into each other's mouths.  When I French her I pretend my tongue is a
hard cock and her mouth is a pussy.  Oh, boy does she love that!!!
Especially when she has her tongue out of her red lips and I run my
tongue slowly along either side before I bury it deeper in her mouth.

  She gets so turned on by all of the E-mail here!  After about ten
minutes of HOT messages or stories... she's really dripping and ready
for action.  I know...because I let my fingers wander down along her
slit and her bump is real hard.  Gradually, I'll let my finger start
to penetrate her vaginal lips and pretty soon I'm finger-fucking her
with three of my fingers or my whole hand.  When she's like that I
can hardly stop her from gyrating her ass and moving all around.
BTW... all this time she's SQUEEZING my thick shaft tightly between
her thighs.

  This gets me thoroughly aroused and horny as HELL when she's got my
cock tightly clamped in a between her legs. It gets my juices flowing
me as horny as HELL when she's starting to squirm all over my lap. By
now, I'm roughly kneading her breasts for her and she's making soft
purring sounds out of her throat.  Her nipples are pointy and hard.
I'm tweaking them a little more with my fingers as I try to bring
her nips up to a fuller hardness.   Her areolas are a dark brown
and with red nubs. Sometimes she'll arch her head backwards so I can
lick my tongue deliciously over each of her luscious nipples slightly
biting her nub; or she'll want me to suck each of her titties fully
into my mouth like a vacuum cleaner.

  WOW! As I play with each of her tits (while we continue... reading)
she also rubs and massages her pussy with the head of my penis.  She
likes to rub the tip of my cockhead up against her hard clitoris. She
loves holding my boner while running her hand up and down the length
and the skin comes up and over my cock.  Often, she masturbates so
hard I'm near ejaculation.  I admit she sometimes gets too carried
away with some of these stories. These stories get erotic in their
graphical detail.  When I feel this... that I'm climbing too quickly
...near my peak I must stop her hand before I come all over her. BTW,
yesterday she got so hot and carried away that she just kept jacking
me off until I started to unload my come.  When my cock starting to
pulsate. She quickly bent her head down and took it full in her mouth.
She sucked and took every drop of jism down her throat as fast as I
could unload it.  She gave me one of her best blowjobs ever!

  Naturally, when she finished I had to reciprocate by getting down
and eating her pussy for her. I love to have her long legs and nylons
wrapped tightly around my neck as I tease her labia with slow, quick
laps from my tongue.  She likes when I let her read the messages all
by herself while I'm lapping her clit hard for her with my tongue.
I could tell she was reading a really HOT story because she paused to
grab my head and pull me into her. Her hips were undulating furiously
and she was shaking all over!  I sucked all of her in my mouth. I ran
my tongue over her swollen clit.  She then had one 'hellava orgasm!
Later that night, she told me that while she was reading some of the
messages another hot woman started in chat mode and she got wild!
She told me the other woman and her were chatting about the merits of
cock surveys and good Cocksucking. She told me she chatted with the
other woman  while I was licking and eating her pussy for her at that
same moment.  Now I can see why see got all hot and bothered by that
other woman.  Funny, but she didn't even tell me her handle.

  Just as our time expires, we'll try to match our climax together as
she shoves my cock into her throbbing pussy and we both come together
at the same second.   Of course by now, she's oblivious and I'm also
squeezing her tits really hard!!!  I'm having a difficult time trying
read the monitor.  I'll  just make up a story as we go along as I'm
bending my head back ramming my prick hard in and out of her cunt.
I'm fucking her real hard now with long rhythmic strokes. Ohhh, I'm..
trying to to lift her up....get deeper into her....as I'm commmming.
Now she bouncing up and down on me as I'm ramming my cock into her.
Now... OOOOhhhhh that's soooo... GOOD!...I'm commmmming!!!!  Our hot
juices just ran all over and down both our legs.

pppause.......

  Well, luckily, I always have a lot of tissues handy to clean off
my fingers before I touch the keys again on the computer and sign-off
until tomorrow night.

Thanks for improving my S-E-X life!!!  -Jerry Travis-

[If you like this series, let me know and I'll Come...tinue]
