http://204.248.170.93/ The Nets Hottest All Free XXX Uncensored Hard Core Porn Site!!!
http://204.248.170.93/ No Other Site Has This Much Porn All FREE!!!!!!!
http://204.248.170.93/ Free Live VideoSex, Movies, Pics, Stories, Games & More!!!
The Best Just Got Even Better!! Now We'll Tell You How to Get Laid, and Get Paid!! All Safe All Legal!!

    

                           THE TRAIN RIDE

    Quickly Becky paid the taxi driver knowing that every second
  counted. Her whole life seemed like a hurry up about to be late type of 
  living. This was one time she could not be late. Turning from the taxi with
  luggage in hand, Becky was about to begin her two week vacation that she
  desperately needed. The past years stress of work had taken a toll on her
  mental being and she was ready for rejuvenation with a trip to see her 
  friends in Houston Texas. Becky's husband Wayne once took a trip by train
  before they were married and convinced her that it was a very relaxing way
  to travel. She was still upset that Wayne could not come with her on 
  vacation because of work. Since he could not go to, she decided that it 
  would be a good opportunity to visit her college girlfriends and catch up
  on all the latest gossip about people they knew.
    The entrance to the Los Angelas train station was immense. The two story
  arched entrance was decorated with white marble that was showing
  signs of many years of pollution and neglect. Passing into the main room,
  Becky was awed by the stations vast size. She estimated the ceiling to be
  four stories high and was painted with different shapes and colors. Hugh
  wooden columns arched their way from the tile floor to the utmost heights
  of the spectacular ceiling. There were a myriad of seats in neat and 
  evenly spaced rows. The coverings were worn and patched with plain
  duck tape. Becky thought that in the grand days of train travel, this must
  have been one of the most beautiful sights in Los Angelas. 
    Looking to her left she saw the ticket windows and hurried over to 
  purchase the ticket she had reserved two weeks earlier. The lifeless person
  behind the booth handed her the ticket and told her to proceed to the far
  end of the lobby. Becky grabbed her luggage and walked the entire length
  of the lobby to were a sign on the wall indicated that the train entrance
  was through the main glass doors. Passing the doors, Becky observed that 
  she was in a dimly lite tunnel. Down the tunnel she saw different 
  openings and signs hanging from the ceiling indicating which turn she 
  should make to her train. After turning to the right, the hall was flooded
  with sunlight. Becky passed through the hall and out onto the main platform
  where she could see numerous trains being loaded with people and luggage.
  Becky found her train and was surprised by how big it was. The train was
  twelve cars long and each of the cars was two stories high. Becky had never
  heard of train cars this tall and was eager to enter and explore her home
  for the next two days.
    Upon entering the car that was hers, she discovered that the bottom floor
  consisted of areas to store luggage and at one end there were three doors.
  I large gentlemen in a blue uniform greeted her with a warm smile and 
  explained to her that his name was Jim and that he was the attendant on 
  this car. If there was anything she needed, Becky was to contact him. Jim
  explained the layout of the train car and that where she saw the three 
  doors, they were the bathrooms for the people who did not have the deluxe
  accommodations. Jim then led her to the middle of the car where Becky saw
  a stair way. Becky saw that on the second level, on one end there was
  a narrow hall that ran along the side and at the other end, the hall ran
  down the middle of the train car. Jim explained that the deluxe rooms were
  where the hall was on the side and that these rooms had their own bathroom
  and full size beds. He directed her the other direction where her room was
  going to be. Walking down the narrow hall, Becky saw that these room were
  very tiny and consisted of two large cushioned seats that faced each other.
  Becky's room was the last one on the car. The rooms were so small that 
  Becky had to stand in the hall while he explained everything. He showed her
  that the bed was folded up against the wall above the seats and if she did
  not want to sleep there, the two seats would fold down into a comfortable
  bed. Jim showed her a button she could push if she ever needed anything and
  that everynight, he would come around to make her bed for her. Jim wished
  her a good trip and hurried off to greet people as they boarded.
    Becky stepped inside and sat down and discovered that the seats were very
  comfortable. Looking at the door, she noticed that they were made of sliding
  glass and for privacy, one had to pull a thick curtain accross it. She could
  see why Jim had stored her large luggage downstairs because there was no
  room to store it except for the one that she would need with her personal
  things for the trip. Going back into the hall, Becky looked out the window
  at the end of the car and noticed she was on the end car and could see back
  along the tracks where the train had been. Since the hall was in the middle,
  Becky observed that there were rooms exactly alike on both side. The room
  across from hers was empty and wondered how crowded the train would be. She
  closed and locked her door and decided to explore before the trip began.
    She passed the stairway and veered right as she entered the hall along the
  side. One of the door was open to the deluxe rooms and Becky saw that it was
  quite large with one bed and two more that could fold down. Since there was
  a small hallway into the room, Becky figured behind that wall was the 
  bathroom. At the end of the car, she could see through the window into the
  next car. Becky pushed a bar on the door and it automatically opened to the
  space between the cars. Crossing this opening and pushing the next bar, she
  entered a car that had windows for a ceiling and seats lining the sides. 
  This was the observation car where you could sit and watch things pass and 
  not have to sit in your room all day. In the middle was a stairway and on 
  the lower level was a snack bar with tables to sit at. Since the train was
  in the station, it was not open and the workers were busy restocking supples
  from a door next to the kitchen.
    Back on the upper level, Becky moved to the next two cars which were ones
  just like hers. But the next car was the restaurant. There were many rows of
  seats and in the middle she could tell that the lower section was the 
  kitchen. The smell let her know that even now they were preparing meals for
  that night. Becky did not enter the next car when she noticed through the 
  window that it consisted of only seats like in a bus. She figured this is
  where people sat who did not have far to go and did not want to spend the
  money for the private rooms. Retracing her path, Becky saw that many people
  had boarded and decided to stay in her room until they left.
    The room across the hall was empty when she began to explore the train but
  upon her return, there was a young couple trying to get settled in their
  cramped room. 
    "Hi, my name is Jennifer." the young girl said to her.
    "This is my husband Rick."
    Becky greeted them both with a friendly hello. She noticed that Rick was
  a very handsome man and his wife Jennifer could have been a model except for 
  for the matter that she had the biggest breasts she had ever seen. They 
  were around 38DD and her waist and hips were way out of proportion to them
  Becky caught herself starring at Jennifer's breasts when Rick asked her 
  where she was going. Becky explained that she was on her way to Houstong to
  visit her college friends since her husband Wayne could not get off work.
  They told Becky that they were on their way to Houston also. Jennifer told
  how they had gotten married two months earliar but this was the first chance
  they had to get away for their honeymoon. From Houston they were going to 
  catch a ship that was headed for Mexico. They thought a train ride would be
  romantic. But Rick exclaimed that he had no idea that the rooms would be so
  small but figured that they could manage for two days. Becky thought to 
  herself that the rooms were plenty big for sitting and sleeping unless you
  had something else in mind. She smiled to herself as she sat down and closed
  the glass door and curtain to her room. Becky figured she would relax while 
  the trip go started.
    Becky woke suddenly from her nap when the train started with a jerk. She
  looked out the window and watched as the train station was left behind. For 
  the next thirty minutes, the train ran along the major roads in the area.
  After riding for thirty minutes, Becky saw how the traffic was getting 
  lighter and the densely populated area was opening up to fields and fruit
  orchards. Becky was able to see the mountains that surround Los Angelas as
  the air pollution became lighter.
    Becky stood and opened her door planing to look around. She noticed that 
  all the doors to the rooms except for the one across from hers were open. 
  Passing the other doors showed her that besides her, the young married 
  couple were the only people on this end on the train car. When she looked
  down the hall to the larger private rooms, she discovered that they too 
  were empty. Upon returning to her room, Becky noticed movement to the 
  young couples room from a crack left in their curtain. Upon looking closer,
  Becky could see that Rick and Jennifer were in the same seat kissing
  passionately. Becky could not take her eyes off the opening she was spying
  through. She could see that Rick had his hand inside of Jennifers blouse and
  was rubbing her breasts. Between the clacking noise the train made on the
  steel rails, Becky could hear Jennifer moaning loudly as Rick was obviously
  pinching her large nipples. Becky knew she should not be doing this but she
  could not tear herself away from her peeping. She watched as Rick quickly
  unbuttoned Jennifer's blouse and peeled it away from her humongeous bra. 
  Becky bet that she had to have all her bras speial made. After getting her
  blouse off, Rick concentrated his mouth on Jennifers nipples through the
  bra. Becky realized that she was becomming horny and slipped her right hand
  inside her skirt and began to rub her pussy. The more Becky watched, the
  harder she would rub her pussy. 
    Rick now reached around behind Jennifer and opened the clasp to her bra.
  After pulling Jennifer's bra off, he returned his mouth to her nipples. 
  Becky had never seen such large nipples. They must have stood out an inch
  from her breasts Becky observed. Becky suddenly stood up and looked around
  thinking that if someone saw her, she could get in trouble. She walked down 
  the hall and looked around to make sure no one was around or any kids that
  were out exploring the train.
    Returning to her door, Becky crouched down in the hall so she could have
  a better view through the opening in the curtain. By now, Rick had taken all
  of Jennifer's clothes off and she could not see his head from being buried
  between her legs. Becky stood up and rushed into her room and quickly closed
  the door. She was wearing pants and quickly removed them and her silk 
  panties. Becky replaced these with her tight, short, black leather mini. 
  Standing up she removed her blouse and bra that was encasing her 36C 
  breasts. Becky looked in her bags and decided the mood she was in, her loose
  fitting halter would do just fine. When Becky was especially horny, she 
  always went without underwear.
    Opening her door, Becky looked to make sure no one was around and returned
  to her peeping. Crouched down like this made Becky's mini ride up her thighs
  and expose her naked pussy to anyone who was around. Looking back through 
  the opening in the curtain, Becky could see Rick sitting completely naked 
  and Jennifer was sitting in his lap with her back to him. She could not see
  Rick's dick, but she could tell by his facial expression that he was buried
  deep inside of Jennifer's pussy. Rick was reaching around and squeezing
  Jennifer's 38DD breasts. He kept pulling her nipples outward and Jennifer
  seemed to enjoy it from the moans that Becky could hear. Rick released
  Jennifer's breasts and moved his hands into a position where he could help
  her move on his dick with greater speed. Becky kept staring at Jennifers's
  breasts. They were so big and with her bouncing up and down so hard, 
  Jennifer's breast were moving with great force on her chest. Becky watched
  her long nipples with great interest wondering what they would feel like
  between her lips. Becky realized that her right hand was between her legs
  and she was rubbing her clit. The faster Becky rubbed her clit, the
  faster her breathing became and she knew it would not be long before she
  would experience her orgasm. Concentrating on the curtain again, Becky saw
  that Jennifer was now standing on her feet and bent over so Rick had free
  access to her pussy from behind. She watched as Rick grabbed her hips and
  quickly buried his dick deeply in Jennifer's pussy. Becky watched as
  Jennifer's breast swayed back and forth and saw that her nipples would 
  graze the seat cover with each passing. Jennifer was also pushing back
  to meet each of Rick's thrusts. This was too much for Becky and her orgasm
  suddenly ran through her body. Her shaking caused her to loose her balance
  and she accidently bumped into the glass door. Becky saw Jennifer look over
  her shoulder and when their eyes made contact, Becky could see a grin form
  on Jennifer's lips as she was moaning. Embarrased, Becky quickly stood and
  rushed into her room. Closing and locking the door, Becky made sure the 
  curtain over the window was tightly closed. She sat down still shaking
  from her orgasm and was thinking what she should do now since she had been
  discovered. What would they do or say and could she look at them in the face
  the next time she saw them. With this on her mind, Becky dropped off to 
  sleep with her hand resting between her legs.
    When Becky awoke from her nap, she noticed that the sun was beginning to 
  set. The feeling in her stomach reminded her that it was time for dinner.
  Peeking around the curtain covering her door, Becky noticed that the young
  couple were not in her room. She opened the door and decided that she would
  have dinner and worry about what to say when she ran into the Rick and
  Jennifer. It did not take long to find them because they were sitting in the
  observation car. Becky thought that if she passed them quickly they would
  not see her because they were kissing and did not seem to notice anything
  going on around them. Just as Becky was passing them, she felt someone pat
  her on the ass. She kept walking but when she looked behind her, she saw
  Rick looking at her over Jennifer's shoulder. He winked at her and by the 
  time she reached the end of the car, Jennifer had turned around and was 
  smiling at Becky. Clumsily she opened the door and hurried to the dining
  car. 
    Although she was enjoying dinner, she kept looking up to see if Rick and
  Jennifer would be joining her and the other passengers for dinner. After 
  eating and paying for dinner, Becky was going back to her room when she saw
  Rick and Jennifer enter the dinner car. As she approached them she kept her
  eyes to the floor to embarrased to look at them. 
    "Hi Becky, how is the food in this place?" Becky heard Jennifer ask when 
  they were next to each other.
    "It is quite good." Becky replied as she finally looked up to Rick's 
  smiling face.
     In this area the room was quite limited and Becky found herself only 
  inches from Rick and Jennifer. Jennifer was standing in a way that made it
  impossible for Becky to pass. After some small talk, Jennifer moved enough
  for Becky to pass. But just when she was passing, Becky felt to sets of 
  hands rubbing her mini clad ass. One of the hands worked under the hem of
  her skirt and she could feel a hand rubbing her bare ass.
    "Oh I like the feel of that." Rick exclaimed.
    Suddenly Becky could feel her pussy juices begin to flow as Rick became
  bolder and now was running a finger through the slit of Becky's pussy.
    "Maybe we will see you later before you go to sleep?" Jennifer said to
  Becky as she also ran her hand across Becky's bare ass.
    "Maybe." is all Becky could get out of her mouth as she continued to the
  end of the dinner car and back to her room.
    Returning to her room, Becky realized that there was a porter on the car
  because someone had entered her room and made her bed from where it had been
  folded above the seats earlier. It made Becky nervous because she had 
  forgotten about him and what would have happen if he had seen her earliar.
  She decided that she must be more careful if the incident were to happen
  again. She could just imagine what her husband Wayne would say if he had
  gotten a call from the police to come pick his wife up in some town who 
  knows where because she had been arrested for being a peeping Tom. Becky
  entered her room and closed the door and curtain for privacy. She than 
  picked out one of the books she had brought with her and settled down in
  her seat to read. 
    Becky heard Jennifer and Rick comming down the hall from the noise they 
  were making and she turned her light off so they would think that she had
  gone to bed. She looked at her watch from the dim light coming in through
  the window and saw that she had been reading for two hours. Rick and
  Jennifer were standing outside her door and were talking quietly enough
  for her not able to understand what they were saying. They stood outside in
  the hall for a long time before they went into their room and closed the 
  door. Becky stood by the door and looked around the corner of her curtain
  and noticed that they had closed their curtain but the lights were still on.
  Becky sat down again and leaned her head against the window as she watched
  lights in the distance go by. She knew by now that they should be someplace
  close to the Arizona, California border. She had passed this way by car many
  times and did not need the sunlight to know what the scenery was like. 
  Mainly desert with mountains off in the distance was the best way to 
  describe this part of California.
    Becky turned on the light over her seat to see her watch and saw that it
  was eleven and she was wide awake. Turning the light back off, Becky looked
  around the curtain and noticed that the lights to Rick and Jennifer's room
  were still room. Becky could not stand sitting there any longer and quietly
  opened her door and entered the hallway. The hall was dimly lighted enough
  for one to see where they were walking. Before walking down the hall toward
  the observation car, she looked at their door and noticed that the same
  crack in the curtain was still there. Becky fought back the temptation and
  headed down the hall. Upon entering the observation car, Becky noticed that
  it to was dimly lighted around the floor so one could see where they were
  walking and nothing else. She walked part way through the car and sat down
  in one of the seats that lined the wall. After sitting for a few minutes, 
  she realized that there was someone else sitting at the end of the car. She
  could only make out in the darkness that there were two people sitting
  closely together and she could distinguish their voices sometimes. As she 
  sat, a light by a house went by and lighted the car enough for Becky to see
  that the couple with her was Rick and Jennifer. Back into the darkness Becky 
  watched them and could tell that they were kissing but could not see where
  their hands were placed. Shortly another light went by and when Becky looked
  at them, Becky could see that Jennifer's skirt was up around her waste and
  Rick had his hand buried between Jennifer's legs. Becky strained to hear any
  noise besides what the train made and realized she could barely hear moaning
  coming from their direction. Becky began to stare at them and could tell 
  that Jennifer's head was leaning back. She suddenly heard a loud moan and
  guessed that she had just had an orgasm. Becky had never been exposed to 
  people like them who enjoyed having sex at anytime and anyplace. Becky kept
  watching and could only distinguish one head and when the next light went 
  by, Becky realized that Jennifer was on the floor with Rick's dick deep 
  inside her mouth. This was more than Becky could stand and she quickly 
  pulled her mini up and began to run her fingers through her pussy slit. 
  Being unaware of things around her, Becky opened her eyes when she heard
  talking and saw Rick and Jennifer standing next to her making comments about
  how much Becky seemed to be enjoying herself. Becky quickly tried to pull 
  her mini skirt down but Jennifer quickly knelt in front of her and grabbed 
  the hem of her skirt and pulled up. While Jennifer was doing this, Rick was
  on his knees pulling Becky's legs apart. At first Becky resisted but when 
  she felt Rick's tongue run up her slit and come in contact with her clit, 
  she just leaned back in her seat and just enjoyed it.
    As Rick was running his tongue between her legs, Jennifer was untying
  Becky's halter top and pulling it down past her breasts. 
    "Oh they are so nice and hard." Becky heard Jennifer say as she rubbed and
  squeezed Becky's breasts.
    Becky watched as Jennifer brought her mouth to her breasts and softly took
  her nipples between her teeth and lightly ran them between her teeth.
    "That feels so good." Becky told Jennifer as she took more of her breasts
  into her mouth.
    Becky reached down and pulled Rick's head against her pussy wanting him to
  put as much force as he could against her clit.
    "Maybe we should go back to our room before we get caught." Becky said out
  loud for fear of being caught.
    It did not seem to matter to them because they did not stop what they were
  doing. Suddenly Becky tensed all over as she experienced an orgasm. 
    "I love the taste of you pussy." Rick said to Becky as he lifted his head
  from between her legs.
    Becky could not say anything because Jennifer had released her breasts and
  was now kissing Becky roughly on the lips. Becky had never kissed another
  woman before but discovered she enjoyed it especially while reaching out and
  taking Jennifer's hugh breasts in her hands. Becky wanted to explore every
  inch of Jennifer's breasts thinking that surely anything this big could not
  be for real. But discovering how soft and warm they were, Becky knew that 
  they were for real and she could not wait to put one of her nipples in her
  mouth. Becky pushed Jennifer back and moved from her seat to the floor so 
  her mouth was at the same level of her breasts. Becky ran her tongue around
  each of Jennifer's nipples wanting to experience the feel of another womans
  nipples. She enjoyed how rough they felt next to the smooth skin of her 
  breasts. Becky was kneeling on her knees as she licked Jennifer's breasts 
  and could feel that Rick had his hard dick out and was running it through
  the slit of her pussy. Each time the tip of his dick ran across her clit
  caused her to bite down on Jennifer's breasts. Never had Becky experienced
  feeling like this and she was loving every minute of it. If someone had 
  walked in and found them like this now, Becky would just tell them to get
  down her and join us.
    "Lay on your back." Becky told Jennifer. She was ready now to taste her
  first pussy.
    Becky could see Jennifer easily from the dim lights that ran along the 
  wall. Becky watched Jennifer's breasts spread out over her chest as gravity
  took over. Jennifer helped Becky out by pulling her skirt up around her 
  waist and spreading her legs for easy access. Just as Becky tasted 
  Jennifer's juices, Rick slipped the entire length of his 10" dick up Becky's
  soaked pussy. Becky let out a loud moan as she felt Rick's dick reach the
  deepest part of her pussy. Becky again lowered her head between Jennifer's
  legs and began to explore her first pussy. She loved how slick her slit was
  between her pussy hole and her clit. Up and down Becky ran her tongue while
  listening to Jennifer tell her what parts of her pussy she wanted touched 
  with her tongue. Becky could tell by the speed of Rick's thrusts that he was
  close to having an orgasm. She enjoyed how he held firmly onto the front of
  her legs and pulled her back as he pushed deeply. Becky was running her 
  tongue in tight circles around Jennifer's clit when she heard Rick yell out
  and unload his full load deep into her pussy. Rick kept thrusting with each
  spasm of his strong orgasm. Becky was now concentrating completely on 
  Jennifer's clit as she loved the way her hard clit stuck out like a little
  dick. She never knew that a woman could have a clit that would stick out
  that much. She sucked all of it into her mouth and quickly ran her tongue
  across it until she felt Jennifer tighten and moan from her orgasm.
    Rick pulled Becky away from Jennifer and turned her over on her back. 
  Rick lowered his head between her legs and began to run his tongue through
  Becky's pussy. Becky knew that he was tasting his own cum. With all the
  partners Becky had before she was married, she had never met a man that
  would lick up his own cum. With this thought in her mind, Becky experienced
  the stongest orgasm she ever had in her life.
    After the three of them had caught their breath, Becky noticed that it was
  1 o'clock in the morning. They all decided that it had better end for now so
  they could get some sleep. As they walked back to their rooms, they were
  discussing where they could try and fuck and suck tomorrow. Rick and 
  Jennifer had Becky hooked on the idea of having sex in public. Just the 
  thought of being caught made Becky horny as they walked slowly down the hall
  of their train car. At their doors, they kissed and hugged each other  and
  quickly closed their doors. While laying in bed, Becky kept thinking of what
  had just happened as she ran her finger through her pussy. Suddenly Becky
  tensed all over and had another orgasm. Just before Becky fell asleep, she
  kept thinking of what the three of them could do tomorrow. Becky was glad
  that Rick and Jennifer were going as far as Houston.
    Becky woke the next morning from the sound of someone knocking oh her 
  door.
    "Who is it?" Becky called out.
    "It's me Jennifer." Becky heard her say.
    Becky climbed off the bed and dressed in only her black silk panties, 
  Becky opened the door not caring who saw her. Jennifer's eyes became big
  when she saw how Becky was dressed. She reached out and lifted one of 
  Becky's breasts with the palm of her hand.
    "We are getting dressed to eat breakfast and thought you might like to
  join us." Jennifer asked her.
    Becky looked past Jennifer and could see Rick standing in their doorway
  smiling while looking at her.
    "Sure, give me a couple of minutes." Becky told Jennifer.
    As Jennifer returned to her room, Becky closed her door so she could get
  ready to face the public properly. Looking in her bag, Becky decided that
  today she would wear her tight fitting red mini. She had only two mini
  skirts with her and she figured by the end of the day, they would both be
  filthy by the time she got to Houston. Before Becky put it on, she took her
  panties off. After squeezing into her mini, Becky decided that the snug
  white top would be the best way to go because one could easily see her
  nipples sticking out when hard. Happy with the way she was dressed, Becky
  opened her door and with approving smiles from Rick and Jennifer, they all
  headed for the dining car for a much needed meal.
    As the three were walking toward the dining car, Becky saw the porter 
  coming toward them.
    "Where are we?" Becky heard Rick ask the porter.
    "We will be in Phoenix in about an hour." The porter replied.
    After the porter was out of hearing range, Becky heard Jennifer saying to
  Rick that maybe in Phoenix there will be some more interesting people 
  boarding. Hearing this, Becky saw Jennifer reach around Rick's waist and
  rub the front of his pants. Becky realized that the rest of this trip could
  be filled with some interesting moments. With this thought, Becky realized
  that her pussy juices were once again beginning to flow.   
    The three of them had to wait for thirty minutes before a table opened for 
  them to sit at. With their car being so deserted, Becky forgot that there 
  were still scores of people on the rest of the train. By the time they were
  finished eating, they could see the outline of Phoenix's downtown area in
  the distance. After discussing the situation, they decided to sit in the
  observation car so they could watch who would board. Becky thought to 
  herself that Rick and Jennifer were treating this moment like being at
  the grocery store picking out that nights dinner. As Rick and Jennifer were
  leaving, Becky stay seated wondering if things were beginning to get out
  of hand. 
    "Well what are you waiting for?" Becky heard Jennifer ask her.
    When Becky looked up, Jennifer was standing next to her. Becky thought
  for a moment and stood to join them in the observation car.
    They picked the side of the car that was facing the train station as they
  pulled in. There was nothing fancy about this station compared to the one
  in Los Angelas. It was two stories and the second floor looked like there
  was nothing but offices. After looking the entire area over Becky could tell
  that this station was mainly used for shipping freight and passenger service
  was only a side line. She than remembered that when she learned about the
  trip, it ran past this area only twice a week. Becky was sitting next to
  Jennifer and every few seconds, Jennifer would reach over and pat Becky on
  the knee. Becky could tell that they were getting excited watching as people
  approached the train that had now come to a stop. Becky looked down and saw
  their porter standing on the platform greeting the new arrivals and by the
  way he was using his hands, she could tell he was giving verbal directions
  on where they were to go. Becky began watching as people would line up with
  their tickets ready to hand to the porter.
    "Oh look at that one." Becky heard Jennifer exclaim.
    Becky looked to where she was pointing. She could see a young man 
  approaching with another young girl and what she guessed were their parents.
  Becky guessed the young man was 16 or 17 and the young girl looked to be
  around 14 but from the size of her breast, she could have been older.
    "I think you can forget them." Becky told Jennifer.
    "It looks like you would have to get past their parents first." Becky
  observed.
    "Never say never." Jennifer told Becky.
    "Yea, those kids parents may be fucking maniacs." Rick added.
    Becky was more interested in the parents. The man was very handsome and it
  was obvious from his snug shirt that he worked out. The woman let Becky know
  that the young girl had some more size to add to her breasts. This lady was
  beautiful with long straight black hair and very shapely figure. As Becky 
  watched them, she came to the conclusion that the whole family was into 
  fitness. The young man also was physically fit like his dad and she could 
  see that the girl's legs were muscular where they appeared from under her
  tight mini skirt. 
    "Well it looks like you are not the only one around here who enjoys 
  wearing mini skirts." Jennifer said to Becky.
    The whole time the three of them were watching this family, Becky could
  hear Rick and Jennifer making comments to each other about what they would
  like to do sexually to each member of that family. As the rest of the new
  passengers were boarding their respective train cars, none of them really
  caught Becky's eye. Jennifer made the same comment about all the passengers
  also. Becky thought to herself that this family of four had not better turn
  their backs to Rick and Jennifer for what could happen to them. After the
  last of the passengers boarded, Becky watched as the porter went to talk to
  someone at the station. As he returned to the train he was saying something
  on a walkie talkie and immediately the train learched to a start. Becky 
  looked down as the porter jumped on and she could hear the main door being
  slamed shut. Rick and Jennifer stood and said they were going to scope out
  the new passengers but Becky declined to join them saying she was still not
  awake and wanted to sit and watch Phoenix as the train passed through. Becky
  observed that the train seemed to pass through the poorer parts of town 
  because of all the tall and shinny buildings off in the distance. She could
  also see many large houses going up the side of a mountain that bordered the
  town. As time passed the house began to disappear and were once again 
  replaced with open desert. Becky decided it was time to return to her room
  and see whey Rick and Jennifer were doing to their new victims they had
  picked out.
    While walking down the hall by the large rooms, Becky saw that people had
  moved into three of the larger rooms. She took a quick glance into each room
  that was occupied and did not see the family that boarded their train car.
  Passing the stairway and entering the hall that lead to her room, Becky saw
  Rick and Jennifer talking to the family that had just boarded. When Jennifer
  saw Becky approaching, she quickly took her by the arm and introduced her to
  the family they were talking to. The family consisted of Bob, Jane, Richard,
  and Heather. Becky saw that Richard, the son, was staring at her breasts and
  this caused her nipples to stand out. Jennifer told Becky that these four 
  were the only one to move into this section of the train. When Becky looked
  at Jennifer, she was smiling and gave Becky a wink.
    Bob and Jane were the parents of Richard who was 16 and Heather who had
  just turned 14. Becky observed that if Heather was this cute at 14, by the
  time she turned 18 she would be gorgeous. She asked Richard is he played
  football because of how well developed his muscles were.
    "Yes I do." Richard replied.
    Turning to Bob and Jane, Becky could tell that Richard took after his
  dad Bob because of how built he was. Jane had a models body and looks.
  She was perfectly proportioned for every part of her body. She could tell
  that Jennifer and Rick were thinking the same thing the way they were 
  staring at Jane. Jennifer told Becky that Bob and Jane's room was two doors
  down from theirs and Richard was next to them and Heather's room was next
  to Becky's. Bob explained that it was cheaper getting four small rooms
  instead of a large room for them and Heather and one small room for Richard
  to stay in. After somemore small talk, Becky passed the group and went and
  sat down in her room to read. She did not want to appear unfriendly so she
  left her door open in case anyone wanted to visit with her. 
    As Becky was reading, she put her feet up on the seat across from her and
  did not realize that the hem of her mini was riding high up her thigh. She 
  discovered this when Richard came by to ask her what she was reading and 
  when she looked up, Richard's eyes were not looking at her face but at her
  waist. When Becky looked down, she realized that at the right angle, one 
  could see her pussy hairs and Richard was standing in the right place. Becky
  became excited know this 16 year old was looking at her bare pussy and she
  did nothing to cover it up. She told Richard what she was reading but could
  tell that he did not hear anything she was saying. When she looked pass
  Richard, she could see Rick looking at them and smiling knowing that Richard
  could see her pussy. Richard would probably never have moved except for his
  mom calling to him for help with something in their room. Becky knew at that
  moment that she had Richard hooked and could get him to do anything she 
  wanted if she dared with his parents so close.
    "I thought Richard was jump on you right then." Becky heard Rick say 
  across the hall while he was sitting with his door open.
    Becky smiled and asked if he thought there was any chance of getting into
  Heather's panties. Rick told her that while they were talking to her parents
  he was standing behind her and everytime the train rocked hard enough, he 
  would rub against her. He also told Becky that after a few minutes of this,
  he took a chance and used his hand to rub her ass. Becky asked what she did
  about it and Rick smiled and said she would lean back into his hand and move
  her ass around. Jennifer added that their mother said they were going to 
  Houston also. Jennifer made the comment that they had just under two days
  to get into Richard and Heather's pants. When Becky asked about their 
  parents, Jennifer said she was not sure yet. As they talked, Heather passed
  by so she could look out the back window of the train. As Heather stood and
  looked, Rick was leaning out into the hall so he could get a good look at
  her nicely shaped ass. Becky leaned out to look also and noticed that 
  Heather was looking back at Rick and moving her ass seductively back and
  forth. Becky was close enough to Rick to her him make a comment how he 
  would like to rub his hard dick in the crack of her ass.
    Becky watched as Rick stood just inside the door to his room so Heather's
  parents could not see him. He stood there rubbing the front of his pants and
  Becky was not sure if Heather could see what he was doing. To get things 
  started, Becky said something softly to Heather. Heather moved closer so she
  could hear what Becky said and doing this brought her close enough that she
  could see Rick rubbing his dick through his pants. Heather stood and stared
  at Rick and did not seem to be in any hurry to rush off. Becky watched as
  Jennifer, who was behind Rick, reach around his waist and slowly unzip his
  pants. The three of them watched Heather to see what her reaction would be.
  With Heather staring at Ricks pants, Jennifer reached inside of his pants 
  and pulled his hard dick out so Heather could watch as Jennifer ran her 
  hand up and down his shaft. 
    "What do you think about that?" Becky asked Heather.
    "I love it." Heathr replied quickly.
    Hearing this, Jennifer pulled Rick farther into the room and while Becky 
  watched out for her parents, Jennifer knelt on her knees and slowly took 
  every inch of his hard dick into her mouth. Becky wondered if this is the
  first time Heather watched someone get a blow job. 
    "Come sit down so your parents won't see you." Becky told Heather.
    Heather hurriedly rushed into Becky's room and sat down so she could watch
  Rick and Jennifer. 
    "Have you ever seen anybody do that before?" Becky asked Heather.
    "Sure, I give my brother Richards blow jobs all the time." she told Becky.
    Becky could not believe what she heard. Here was a fourteen year old that
  was giving people blow jobs. Becky never gave anybody a blow job until she 
  was married and gave Wayne her first attempt. Heather told Becky that she 
  had been fucking Richard for over a year now. She told her how sex was 
  always on her mind and figured she would sneak into Richard's room tonight
  until she felt Rick's hand on her ass earliar. Heather told Becky how she
  thought first it was an accident but when he started squeezing her ass when
  she leaned back, she knew that Rick was enjoying the feel of her ass. While
  they talked, Heather's eyes never moved from Jennifer and Rick. Becky looked
  down the hall to make sure no one was coming. Becky felt Heather's hand 
  touching her knee and the harder her breathing became, the higher her hand
  moved up Becky's thigh. To help her out, Becky pulled her mini higher and
  spread her legs hoping that Heather would not stop. The closer Heather's 
  hand got to her pussy the harder her breathing became. When Becky looked 
  over at Jennifer, she saw Rick's balls lying against her chin. Heather's 
  hand reached under Becky's hem and when her finger made contact with her
  pussy, Becky relaxed and layed back into her seat. Suddenly Heather left
  her seat and moved her head between Becky's legs. When Becky looked at the
  door, Jennifer was standing there watching them with parts of Rick's cum
  still running down her chin. 
    "Go ahead and taste it. It's delicious." Jennifer told Heather as her 
  mouth and tongue made contact with Becky's pussy.
    Becky closed her eyes and spread her legs fully so Heather would have
  plenty of room. Heather wasted no time at going straight to Becky's hard
  clit with her tongue. Becky could feel Heather's teeth slowly run across
  her clit. Becky reached up with her hands and began to manipulate her 
  nipples as Heather's tongue ran quickly across Becky's clit. It took only
  three minutes and Becky was cumming. 
    "Oh that feels fantastic." Becky said out loud.
    Wanting to get all she could from this orgasm, Becky reached down with her
  hands and pulled Heather's mouth firmly against her clit. After her orgasm
  had slowed down, Becky opened her eyes and saw Jennifer, Rick, and Richard
  watching. When she looked down, Becky realized that Jennifer had Richard's
  dick in her hand. All of them turned and watched as Jennifer masturbated 
  Richard until he shoot his load of cum onto the floor.
    "Where the hell are your parents?" Becky said.
    "Oh they are walking around seeing what this train has to offer." Richard
  replied as he replaced his now soft dick in his pants and zipped them up.
    "Quick, cover up." Rick said softly. "Their parents just came around the
  corner."
    Everyone quickly straightened their clothes and when Bob and Jane reached
  them and asked what they were all doing, everything looked fine when 
  Jennifer told them they were just asking their kids about school and what
  grades they were in. After Richard and Heather's parents walked off, they 
  all agreed that they should cool off until that night when Bob and Jane had
  gone to bed. With this, Becky settled back in her seat and began to read
  her book again with a great sense of satisfaction between her legs.
    After reading for a period of time, Becky noticed that they were pulling
  into Tucson. She had been there only once and thought that it would be a
  nice place to live. The town looked clean and Becky loved dry air as 
  compared to the humidity in Los Angelas. After a brief stop and only three
  people boarding another car, they proceed Southeast toward Texas. Becky 
  left her room and noticed that all the doors were closed and wondered what
  everyone was doing. She thouht about knocking on Richard's door but thought
  better of it and moved on toward the observation car. 
    Becky knew immediately that an encore performance of the night before 
  would probably be impossible because of the amount of people that were now
  on the train. By this time it was lunch time and when Becky reached the 
  stairs at the middle of the car, she went downstairs where the snack bar
  was located. With only two other people eating, Becky went where the kitchen
  was and ordered a hamburger and Coke. She found an empty table and sat down 
  to eat. After ten minutes passed, Becky saw Bob and Jane enter the room. 
  While Bob ordered for the two of them, Jane came and sat down with Becky
  and started a conversation of small talk. Becky was wearing her revealing
  halter top and she noticed that Bob kept turning around and looking at her
  while waiting for their order. Momentarily Bob joined them and he joined in
  on the conversation that Becky could not really remember. She was too busy
  looking Bob over thinking what a sexy man he was and wondering how much Jane
  enjoyed have his hard dick between her legs. Ten minutes passed when Becky 
  first felt someone's foot begin to run up her leg. From the position Bob and
  Jane were sitting, she could not tell which one was doing it but figured it
  was Bob. Becky dropped her napkin on purpose and when she bent down to pick
  it up, she was surprised to see Jane's foot against the side of her knee. 
  After sitting up, Becky looked at Jane who had a sexy smile on her face as
  she looked into Becky's eyes. Upon this discovery, Becky finished her meal
  and excused herself. Just as Becky started up the stairs she turned around 
  and saw Bob smiling at her as Jane was leaning toward him saying something
  softly in his ear. Becky could only wonder what she was saying and what all
  of this meant. Once again Becky could feel her pussy juices begin to flow.
    Becky found an empty seat in the observation level and sat down to watch
  the desert and the mountains pass by. Becky could not believe that there 
  were no signs of trees on the mountains in this part of Arizona. Looking up
  she saw the porter passing through and was wondering where he usually stays
  because he seldom showed up but everytime she went back to her room, she 
  could tell he had been there to either straighten the room or make her bed
  at night. Soon Becky saw Bob and Jane appear at the top of the stairs and
  come toward her. With one on each side of where she was sitting, they made
  comments about the scenery passing in front of them. While they talked, 
  Becky could feel Bob's hand on her shoulder lightly squeezing it with his
  powerful hand. Slowly she could feel his hand slide downward toward her
  excited nipples. He placed his hand squarely over her nipple but quickly
  pulled it away when someone entered the car from the opposite end. 
    "How would you like to come to our room where we can really get to know
  each other?" Bob asked her.
    Becky looked up at Jane who winked at her and knew that she could not say
  no. Becky stood up and followed Bob and Jane back to their room. Bob opened
  the door and let Becky and Jane in and then he walked down the hall to where
  their kids stayed. Becky could hear Bob telling Richard that the two of them
  were tired and going to lay down for an hour. He also gave Richard enought
  money for him and Heather to eat lunch and then returned to the room. Bob 
  closed the door and made certain that the curtain was closed tightly. Becky
  looked at Bob and Jane who were both looking at her while Bob was quickly
  unbuttoning his shirt.
    Jane knelt in front of Becky and helped her take off her mini. Jane was
  quite happy to find that Becky was not wearing any panties. Still with 
  her halter top on, Jane turned Becky around so her back was to Bob and
  Jane. Still kneeling, Jane ran her tongue from Becky's ass hole down to
  her pussy. Becky bent forward and placed her hands on the wall so Jane
  would have full access to her pussy and clit. Becky shook when Jane's 
  tongue ran accross her clit. Bob, who was now naked, stood next to Becky
  holding his hard cock. He reached out with the other hand and began to
  feel Becky's now sensitive nipples. 
    "The pussy juices are really starting to flow." Jane told Bob. Bob leaned
  over so he could see what Jane was talking about.
    "I think she gets wetter than you." Bob told Jane.
    The harder Jane ran her tongue along Becky's slit, the harder Becky kept
  trying to push back. A thought ran through her mind wondering what her 
  husband Wayne would think if he could see her now. Bob was alternating from
  one nipple to the other as Becky began to moan from the feeling. Jane now
  was concentrating on her pussy trying to get as much of her tongue up 
  Becky's hole as she could. Becky looked down between her outstreched arms
  to watch Bob masturbate. Suddenly Becky was experiencing her first orgasm
  and Jane grabbed her legs and pulled her back into her face to get her
  tongue as deep as possible. Bob released Becky's nipples and sat down on
  the seat that Becky was leaning over. Becky could see her breasts hanging
  down right in front of Bob's face. He gave each one a good tongue bath. Jane
  helped Becky stand up and turn around so now her back was to Bob. Bob helped
  Becky sit down on his lap with his hard dick being buried completely up her
  pussy. Becky sat on Bob's dick without moving while she watched Jane stand
  and take her clothes. Bob began to thrust his hips upward and Becky began to
  push her hips downward. Jane knelt in front of them where she could see 
  Bob's dick slide in and out of Becky's pussy.
    "How does her pussy feel?" Jane asked Bob.
    "It is so deep and tight." Bob replied.
    Jane moved closer and reached out with her hand and began to rub and 
  squeeze Bob's balls. Jane loved how hard his balls became just before he had
  an orgasm. Jane alternated between Bob's balls and Becky's clit with her 
  hands. Becky was holding her head back from complete enjoyment of the 
  feeling. Becky listened as Bob began breathing very fast. He tensed all over
  and Becky could feel the first of his cum began to pour into her pussy. Bob
  kept tensing and releasing one load after another into Becky. Jane watched 
  as Becky's pussy took all it could. When the first signs of cum overflowing
  out of Becky's pussy, Jane leaned forward and used her tongue to catch any
  that was running down Bob's now softning dick. Becky stood up and moved over
  to the seat across from Bob and watched as Jane was taking all of Bob's dick
  into her mouth. It did not take Jane long to get Bob's dick hard again. 
  Becky looked out the window and realized the train was running along next 
  to an interstate road and wondered if anybody could see them since the 
  curtains were not closed. Becky felt so wicked that she got in the chair 
  with her knees and pressed her breasts against the window. She loved the way
  her breasts spread out on the glass the harder she pushed. She kept 
  wondering if anybody could see what she was doing from their car. Her head
  was too high for her to see out and asked Jane to look. When Jane looked she
  said that some truck driver kept looking their way and must be able to see
  her. Jane jumped up on the other seat with her feet between Bob's legs and
  pushed her bare ass against the window. Bob watched the driver for them and
  said that he was waving at them. Becky and Jane were laughing so hard that
  Jane lost her balance and feel into Bob's lap. About that time the road 
  veered away from the train and Becky moved down so she could see out the 
  window and wave at the driver before they could not see him anymore. When
  Becky sat down in the seat, she saw that Bob had his dick buried in Jane's 
  pussy. This excited Becky enough that while she watched them, she 
  masturbated. Becky timed her orgasm perfectly because as Jane and Bob both
  began to cum, Becky had a strong orgasm watching them. The three of them sat
  there for a few minutes before Becky stood up and put her clothes back on.
  Opening the door to the room, Becky peeked out to see if anybody was 
  standing in the hall. With no one being there, Becky turned to Bob and Jane
  and told them she would see them later and left closing the door behind her.
    Walking to her room, Becky looked at her watch and realized she had been
  in their room for over an hour. Never before would she have done all this
  before this trip. Becky figured there was some deep desire that had shown
  itself since boarding the train. Wayne sure would be surprised is all she
  could think. Passing down the hall, Becky saw that Richard and Heather 
  were not in their rooms and Rick and Jennifer's door was shut and she did
  not feel like finding out if they were there. Becky quietly closed her 
  door and jumped up into her bed over the seats to take a nap. She kept 
  thinking she was going to be exhausted and not rested by the time she got
  to Houston. 
    When Becky awoke, it was dark outside and realized that she had been
  asleep for four hours. Getting down from her bed she looked outside and
  could see city lights off in the distance. Going out into the hall, Becky
  saw the porter and went over to ask him what city she saw.
    "El Paso will be our next stop." the porter informed Becky. He told Becky
  that they would be there for one hour while the train refueled and took on
  supplies and passengers.
    Becky decided to wait about dinner until they arrived in El Paso and get
  something at the station and not wait in line in the dining car. Becky 
  headed to the observation car and sat down watching the lights of El Paso
  approach. It took about thrity minutes before the first of the city lights
  began to pass in front of them. By this time there was enough light for 
  Becky to see everybody in the observation car. She looked around and did
  not recognize any of the people and wondered where everyone was from her
  train car. As Becky felt the train begin to slow down she went back to her
  room to get her purse. Within minutes the train pulled into the station that
  consisted of a large two story tall brick building. Hurring down the stairs
  and past all the luggage, Becky stepped outside into the warm night air.
    There were many people walking around and many vendors were set up next
  to the train selling hotdogs, hamburgers and other foods like that. Instead
  of going to the station, Becky decided to just get a hotdog and eat out in
  the night air. She bought her hotdog and drink and found a place to sit and
  eat. She kept watching the train but never saw any of her new friends get
  off. After eating she found a vendor selling ice cream and decided that it
  would taste great at this moment. Becky kept observing people boarding the
  train loaded down with luggage and did not see anybody from her end of the
  train getting off. Having thirty minutes left, she walked to length of the
  train until she was standing in front of the engine. One could not have a
  conversation from all the noise the engine produced. By the time Becky had
  slowly walked back to her car, it was time for the train to leave. She felt
  better and had awoke from her nap finally as she felt the first jolt of the
  train begin to pull away from the station. After climbing the stairs, Becky
  noticed that two more of the rooms had new passengers in them. Walking back
  to her room Becky saw that both rooms had older couples in them getting 
  settled for their trip. 
    Passing Richard's room she noticed the door was not completely closed but
  the curtain was closed. Just as she passed his room, she felt someones come
  out of the opening and grab her ass. When Becky turned, she saw Richard in
  his doorway with a large grin on his face and his hand on her ass.
    "Do you need something?" Becky asked Richard with a grin on her face.
    "Why don't you come on inside." Richard replied.
    "Not now Richard I need to freshen up some." Becky told him as she removed
  his hand from her ass. Upon entering her room she closed and locked the door
  so she would not get any surprise visitors before she was ready.
    Looking out her window, Becky could tell not many people lived outside of
  El Paso because of how dark it was. Only occasionally could she see a light
  out in the distance. Becky picked up her bag and headed downstairs where the
  restrooms were located so she could freshen up after the past days events.
  On the bottom floor, Becky could see that out of the three restrooms, only
  one door was open. Going inside, Becky closed and locked the door. The 
  restroom consisted of toilet, sink, and a small shower that had a sign on
  it for everyone to please conserve water. Thinking a shower would feel great
  Becky removed her clothes and stepped under the stream of warm water. Becky
  enjoyed how relaxing it felt and did not want to get out. Upon leaving the
  shower, Becky dried off and kept thinking that she could her some noise by
  the wall next to the door. Still without clothes on, Becky went to the wall
  and leaned close to hear what the noise was. At this distance, Becky heard
  the distinct sounds of two people having sex. She kept listening trying to
  figure out who it was. Suddenly she heard the female yell out, "Oh yes, push
  it in deeper Richard." Becky recognized the voice to be Heather and realized
  that her brother Richard was fucking her. Just the thought of this made
  Becky's pussy juices began to flow again. The longer she listened the 
  hornier she became. Becky quickly got dressed and walked out into the hall
  so she could hear better from the restroom door that the two of them were
  behind. Seeing that no one else was around, Becky leaned next to the door
  and listened as Heather was telling Richard how she wanted his dick as deep
  as he could bury it. Still wearing her mini, Becky let her hand run under
  her hem and began to rub her wet pussy. The louder the moans became the 
  harder Becky masturbated. Becky could tell from Heather's moaning that she
  was about to cum. Just as Heather yelled out anouncing her orgasm, Becky 
  also was shaking from her orgasm. With a strong orgasm running throught her
  body, Becky lost her balance and feel against the door only to discover
  that it was not locked as she feel through the door and onto the floor at
  the feet of a naked Richard and Heather. The two of them jumped for their
  clothes to cover up before they realized who it was that fell in on them.
    "How long have you been standing out there?" Richard asked Becky.
    "Long enough." was all Becky could say.
    Richard helped Becky off the floor and took freedom of squeezing her hard
  nipples. 
    "Well did you enjoy what you heard?" Heather quezzed Becky.]
    "Yes but I would rather have seen it." Becky answered.
    Richard walked over and closed and locked the door. Heather in the mean
  time turned the shower on and climbed in. Richard quickly joined her and
  asked Becky if she needed a shower to. Becky informed them that she would
  sit and wait because she had just had a shower. Richard pointed toward
  Becky's thighs and mentioned that maybe she needed another shower. Looking
  down, Becky saw that her juices were running down the insides of her thighs
  and decided that maybe she should have another shower. Taking off her 
  clothes, Becky joined them under the warm water. Becky was facing Heather
  and Richard, standing behind Becky, reached around with soapy hands and 
  began to was Becky's breasts for her. In the meantime, Heather lowered her
  hand and began to wash Becky's pussy. Becky closed her eyes and enjoyed the
  feelings she was having from this shower. Becky could feel Richard's hard
  dick bumping into her ass. Becky bent over, reached behind her, and guided
  Richard's dick into her pussy.
    "That looks fantastic." was all Heather could say from where she was 
  located.
    Becky loved the feeling of a dick up her pussy and warm water pouring down
  her body. Heather bent over and took one of Becky's nipples in her mouth and
  began to suck as much of her breast into her mouth. It took only five 
  minutes of this action for Becky and Richard experienced an orgasm at the 
  same time. Heather got down on her knees and when Richard's spent dick came
  out of Becky's pussy, Heather took it into her mouth to finish any cum that
  was left over. Turning off the water, the three of them took turns drying 
  each other off. Getting dressed, they headed back upstairs to their rooms.
  On the way up, they ran into the porter again. Becky thought how funny it
  was that no one every saw him until just after one of their encounters. 
  Becky kept wondering where he always was.
    Back in her room, Becky was wondering what the chances were of ever having
  a trip like this the next time she went of vacation with Wayne. Since it had
  never happened to her before, she decided to enjoy every minute of it 
  knowing this would probably never happen again. She thought about going out
  and walking around but knew that eveytime she left her room, she ended up
  have sex and was wondering if she could last the next few hours until they
  arrived in Houston. Being the last night on the train, she decided to go
  out and have the time of her life.
   Becky decided to change her well worn mini and decided on a sun dress she 
  had brought but first she put on her red corset that always made her feel
  sexy. She loved the way it lifted her breasts and it was low enough that
  her nipples were in plain sight about the support. She also put on her
  matching garters with no panties. She always loved it when Wayne screwed
  her from behind while she wore her garters and corset. Happy with the way
  she was dressed, Becky left her room to see what she could get into to. 
  Rick and Jennifer were not in their room and decided to go find them. She
  was dying to show her underwear off to someone. In the observation car, 
  Becky discovered Rick, Jennifer, Bob, and Jane all sitting and talking to
  each other. When Becky approached, the four of them became quiet.
    "Whats everybody talking about?" Becky asked them.
    "We have been talking about you." Rick bravely spook out. 
    Rick informed Becky that they were discussing what a good fuck she was and
  were wondering if she had any underwear on under her dress. Bob added that
  they had a five dollar bet on if she did or didn't. Becky looked around and
  saw no one else on the car and quickly reached down and pulled her dress up
  around her head to show everyone her corset and garter.
    "Well who wins?" Becky asked them.
    Becky watched as Rick handed Bob five dollars. Before she pulled her dress
  back down, she felt Jennifer's hand run across the front of her corset. 
    "I just love those things but have not found one I could wear with these
  tits of mine." Jennifer mentioned.
    Becky than felt Jane's hand running across her bare ass that was framed
  by her sexy garters.
    "Bob just loves women who wear garters." Jane added.
    Four people staring at her body was more than Becky could stand. Standing
  in front of them, she reached down and slowly ran her finger through her 
  pussy as Bob stood up and helped her hold her dress up. They all watched 
  Becky's fingers when she brought them up and showed all of them how wet
  they were. Bob looked around to see if anybody had entered and bent over
  and licked the top of Becky's bare breasts. 
    "I love the way that thing pushes you breasts up while still showing all
  of your nipples." Bob told her. 
    Becky let her hands fall to her sides as she felt four sets of hands begin
  to rub all parts of her body. Becky thought this had to be the bigges turn 
  on she had ever experienced in her life. There was not a part of her body 
  that was being neglected. It became hard for Becky to stand so Jennifer 
  helped her sit between them making sure her dress stayed up around her neck.
  Rick moved in a position so he could lower his face between her legs and
  attack her soaked pussy. Becky moaning loudly now leaned back into the chair
  and closed her eyes. She decided she would leave it up to them to warn her
  if anyone were to walk in and if they wanted to show her to everyone on the
  train, that would be fine with her with how good she felt at this moment.
  As Rick ran his tongue across her clit, Bob was chewing lightly on her 
  nipples. She could feel Jane and Jennifer's hands rubbing the inside of her
  legs. Becky quickly had an orgasm and clamped her legs tightly around Rick's
  head. When she opened her eyes, Richard and Heather had joined them and were
  watching all that was happening. Jane looked up and asked them what they 
  thought about what they were doing. Heather replied by reaching down and 
  pulling her shorts down and running her fingers through her pussy. Jennifer
  turned around and watched as Heather was masturbating. She reached out with
  her hand to help Heather rub her pussy until she shook from a strong orgasm.
    Suddenly the car grew quiet as each person looked at one another with lust
  in their eyes. After a short discussion they all agreed that they should go
  someplace that was safer than the observation car. Richard started laughting
  and mentioned that he love observing and thought this car was named 
  appropriately. Heather and Richard were the first to retreat from the car 
  Becky watched as they disappeared with each one having their arm around the
  others waist. Becky talked to Jane about their kids saying she was not aware
  that Bob and Jane were aware of their childrens love for each other. Jane 
  told Becky that she caught them playing with each other two years ago and
  after discussing it with Bob, they decided to let them continue as long as
  Richard and Heather did not hide their events and would be open about asking
  questions about anything they may wonder about. Jane said that many times 
  she has wanted to join her children in bed but decided not to. With this,
  everyone else stood and headed for the sleeping car with Becky wondering 
  where all of them were going to end up. Bob stood at the door as each passed
  and felt him pat her on the ass when it was her time to pass. Becky saw a
  definite look of excitement in his eyes when she looked back.
    Upon entering the hall where the rooms were located, Becky saw the two
  older couples standing in their way talking to each other. As the other four
  passed the couples, Becky called out to them to go ahead and she would join
  them shortly. The hunger in Becky's stomach made her realize she was more in
  the mood for food instead of sex. Turning around she headed for the 
  observation car and the snack bar on the lower floor. When she entered the
  room, Becky observed six people sitting and eating besides the attendants
  working behind the counter. After getting her food, Becky found an empty
  table to sit at. Sitting next to her was a couple she estimated in their
  fifties. The gentleman introduced themselves to her as Jack and Nancy. They
  informed her that they lived in Houston and were on their way home from a
  vacation in California. They invited Becky to sit with them while she ate
  which she accepted. Sitting next to Nancy, they exchange small talk about
  vacations and Becky told them how she went to college in Texas and she was
  on her way to visit her roomates since her husband could not go. 
    Becky thought that Jack was a handsome man who obviously kept himself in
  good shape and she loved how his hair was solid silver color. Nancy was a
  quiet person who also was in good shape especially her breasts. Becky kept
  looking down at the clevage in Nancy's dress wondering if it was her hugh
  breasts that attracted Jack to her so many years ago. Not to look obvious,
  Becky returned to eating and talking. Jack informed Becky that the train
  would reach San Antonio in about five hours. From there they would stop for
  about thirty minutes while some of the cars were dropped off that would be
  headed north to Dallas. Becky was upset when Jack told her that they would
  arrive in San Antonio about 3 o'clock in the morning so it would not be 
  worth getting off the train because nothing would be open. After that, Jack
  said they would arrive in Houston at 7 o'clock that morning. When Becky 
  asked him how he knew all this, Jack told her that they always ride the 
  train when on vacation and he is getting the routine down pretty good by 
  now.
    While talking Becky kept feeling Nancy's leg rub against hers but just
  figured it was an accident and never thought anything about it. But when
  she felt the first touch of Nancy's hand on her thigh, Becky looked out
  of the corner of her eye at Nancy. Nancy was still looking straight ahead
  at her husband Jack. Looking at Jack, Becky saw a smile on his face while
  staring at Becky. She was not sure what she was going to do about this but
  as Nancy's hand moved higher, Becky's pussy began to get wet. Becky thought
  that all it took was a touch of the hand and she was ready to spread her
  legs. Never before had she experienced these type of reactions before she
  boarded the train. With all the other people sitting around them, Becky 
  tried not to show any reaction. Jack informed Becky that him and Nancy were
  standing behind the connecting door to the observation car before they came
  downstairs. Excitement flowed through her body knowing someone had been 
  watching what had been going on up stairs a little while ago. 
    "Did you enjoy the show?" Becky asked.
    Jack told her that while he watched, Nancy got so hot that she dropped to
  her knees and gave him a blow job. He said it was the first one she had 
  given him in almost two years. So he thanked Becky for making his wife 
  become so hot. When Becky looked over at Nancy, she was looking back with
  a smile and her hand on Becky's thighs. Suddenly Nancy slid her hand up
  until it was over Becky's pussy. When Nancy pushed down with her hand, she
  told Jack that she was still wearing her garters. Jack asked her if she also
  had her corset on and Becky answered him by reaching up and pulling down the
  top of her dress just far enough for Jack to she her breasts being held up
  by her corset. Becky pulled it up quickly when she realized that one of the
  men behind the counter saw what she was doing and informed two others next
  to him to look. When the three turned and looked, Becky told Jack and 
  suggested they leave. 
    "After the show up stairs, I thought you like showing your body to anybody
  that would look?" Jack replied to Becky.
    Becky saw that Nancy was not moving her hand so she just relaxed and 
  decided to relax and accept what was about to happen. Relaxing meant 
  spreading her legs so Nancy could move her hand deeper between her legs.
  Becky knew it was getting late and noticed that all the people were headed
  for the stairs and to places unknown. Closing her eyes, she heard herself
  moan as Nancy's hand began to rub her clit through her dress. When she 
  opened her eyes again, Jack obviously was masturbating from the movement
  of his hand and the men behind the counter were watching and making soft
  comments to each other. Jack mentioned to Nancy that all the other people
  had left. With this information, Nancy pulled Becky's dress up until her
  garters and pussy were exposed those left. Jack could not see so he got up
  and moved around the table and made a comment about how lovely Becky was
  when he saw her pussy. Jack had his dick in hand and Becky told him to move
  next to her. Jack was happy to do as she said and let out a loud moan when
  his dick entered Becky's wet mouth. Becky took every inch of his seven 
  inches. Becky looked sideways and saw that the three workers had come out
  from behind the counter and were all masturbating as they moved closer to
  get a closer look. By the time they had moved in front of the table, Jack
  was beginning to thrust quickly as his orgasm built. Becky observed the
  three new cocks in front of her and could not help but notice that one of
  them had to be 12" long and extremely thick. Suddenly Jack tensed and Becky
  could feel the first of his cum splash against the back of her throat. 
    Pulling out, some of his cum was running down her chin and Nancy leaned 
  over and cleaned her chin with her tongue while one of her fingers was
  sliding in and out of her pussy. Jack walked off with his soft cock still
  hanging out of his pants and saw him move two of the clean tables together.
  He than came back and helped Becky to her feet. With the workers watching 
  and rubbing, Jack lifted Becky's dress up over her head so her corset and
  garters were in clear view for all to see. Becky knew the workers must
  approve because of how they picked up the speed of their hands. Jack led
  her over to the table and helped her lay down. Becky watched the workers
  and motioned for the one with the largest cock to approach. When he was
  standing by her feet, Becky spread her legs to let him know what she wanted
  him to do. Climbing on the table quickly, he moved upward on his knees 
  until his cock was inches from her soaked pussy. Becky reached up and took
  his twelve inches in her hand. Grabbing his cock firmly, Becky guided his
  cock forward until she felt the mushroom tip of his cock slowly enter her
  pussy. As each inch slid into her deeply, Becky motioned for the other two 
  workers to come stand by her head. 
    Becky moaned as she was able to take all twelve inches into her now very
  tight pussy. While the first worker slowly pulled in and out, Becky took
  a cock in one hand and had the other worker bury his cock deep into her 
  mouth. Becky was going crazy from the excitement of taking on three men at
  the same time. Becky could feel the first workers balls slapping against
  her ass hole with great force by now. The other two were pinching and 
  pulling her nipples forcefully. Usually that much force on her nipples would
  create great pain but this time it felt fantastic. Becky saw Nancy standing
  beside her waist and all she could see of Jack was the back of his head as
  he obviously had his mouth buried between Nancy's legs. Becky could feel the
  cock in her mouth begin to grow harder and knew he was about to cum. Becky
  lightly used her teeth on his cock which put him over the edge as he began
  to pump his full load into her mouth. This time Becky was able to take the
  complete load without letting any escape. Letting that workers softening
  cock out of her mouth, Becky turned her head just in time to have a full
  load of cum splash against her face. Becky finished him off by squeezing the
  tip of his cock which caused him to shake from the feel. These two workers
  moved back as Nancy moved forward with Jack's mouth between her legs. She
  leaned forward and again used her tongue to clean up Becky's face. When she
  finished, Nancy moved down and began sucking Becky's breast and rubbing her
  stomach through the tight corset. The worker with the big cock was now 
  beginning to fuck Becky roughly with each thrust. Becky watched as he looked
  up toward the feeling as the first of his orgasm overtook his body. Suddenly
  Becky spasmed from her own orgasm that was running through her body. After
  the worker pulled out of Becky's pussy leaving a trail of cum that was 
  running down her thigh. Nancy saw this and left Jack's mouth so she could 
  stand between Becky's legs and move her mouth to her pussy. In this position
  Nancy was slightly bent over so Jack stood up and moved behind her so he
  could now drive his once again hard cock into her pussy. The only sound in 
  the car now was that of Nancy, Jack, and Becky moaning loudly. Timing was
  in their favor because the three of them experienced an orgasm at the same
  time as the three workers stood and watched.
    After Jack backed out of Nancy, she was able to remove her mouth from 
  Becky's well fucked pussy. The two of them helped Becky up off the table
  and Nancy gave her breasts one last kiss as Jack helped Becky put her 
  dress back on. Looking at the workers, they thanked her and moved back
  behind the counter so they could close up for the night. Jack and Becky 
  stood for a few minutes talking while Nancy went to the restroom. When
  Jack informed Becky that they would be getting to San Antonio in about
  half hour, Becky realized that this last experience had been going on for
  three hours. No wonder her pussy had begun to get sore. Kissing Jack on the
  cheek and waving to the three workers, Becky headed up the stairs and to her
  room. Passing everyones room, she could not hear anything and figured they
  had already started and finished without her. Going into her room, Becky
  shut and locked the door knowing that her pussy could not take anymore 
  action for a few hours. Looking up at her bed, Becky knew the porter had 
  been here because her bed was made up for sleep. She was wondering where
  he was everytime she had been fucked or sucked the past two days. Taking
  all her clothes off, Becky climbed into the bed and feel into a much
  needed sleep.
   Becky slept so soundly that she never felt the train jerk around while
  they were in San Antonio and three of the cars were removed and replaced
  with three others head to Houston from Dallas. In fact Becky did not wake
  up until she heard a knocking at the door. When she called out to whom it
  was, the porter told her that they would be in Houston in thirty minutes
  and she might want to be getting ready. Jumping down from her bed, Becky
  quickly got dressed and by the time she had finished packing, she could
  see the train pulling into the Houston train station. She decided not to
  open her door until the train had come to a stop. 
    With a hard jerk, the train stopped and Becky could see her girlfriends
  standing on the platform waiting for her. Becky stood and opened the door
  and when she entered the hall, she saw all her new friends standing around
  telling each other good bye. Becky walked over to them and decided to tell
  them where she disappeard to last night but Bob stopped her explaining that
  Rick went to find her and when he saw what was going on, he decided not to
  disturb us. As Becky squeezed past each of them, Becky could feel each one
  of them give her ass one last feel. Standing next to the stairs, Becky
  turned around to them and pulled her dress up giving all of them one last
  look at her well fucked pussy. 
    Going down the stairs, Becky retrieved the rest of her luggage and as
  she approached the door she saw the porter standing there to tell everyone
  good bye. As Becky was standing next to him and getting ready to step 
  outside, the porter hoped she had a very good time. When Becky looked up
  at him, the porter had a big grin on his face and she saw him wink at her.
  Out onto the platform where the morning was shinning brightly, Becky thought
  to herself that maybe the porter had been watching them all along. Hearing
  her name being called, Becky saw her friends approach and after many hugs
  and kisses on the cheeks, they left the station with Becky wondering if the
  return trip would be as much fun.

                              THE END
                     


