                             - The Three of us -

I was bored sitting all alone on a friday night, my roomate doris was out on a
date, and I just broke up with my boyfriend.  Doris shares an apartment near
Rutgers University with me.  It's a small place, 2 bedroom, one bath,
living/dining/kitchen.  It was furnished with the simple things, a wood coffee
table, sofabed and matching loveseat(which might I add I haven't used for love
in a long while).  I was sitting around watching Tv when I heard some noises
from the apartment nextdoor.  They were the distinguished sounds of passionate
lovemaking.  Just hearing them brought back some wonderful memories, that when
I remembered the tapes me and one of my boyfriends Tim had made a when we were
going out.  "well," I thought to myself "if I not going to do anything
tonight, might as well watch me when I did."  I dug out the tapes from under
my bed, damm they were dusty, and poped one in the VCR.  There was snow on the
screen for a few seconds, then I saw my bedroom from when I lived with my
parnets(only a year agao).  Tim was laying on the bed and I could see him
watching something, that's when I cam onto the screen.  I was wearing a silk
robe.  I did a little walking around, sexily swaying my hips, and slowly
allowing the robe to move down my shoulders.  I could see the thin straps of
one of my teddies on my shoulders as I exposed more and more of my outfit.
That's when I remembered the outfit was still in my closet.  I hit the stop
on the VCR and went to try it on.  It still fit perfectly.  It is red silk
with black lace around the top of my breasts, laced down the front with a black
string, and black lace went around the bottom.  It has matching panties, black
lace, with a red silk crotch which ran all the way from the top, underneeth,
and to the back and it just covers my pubic hair on my pussy.  I put on my
black fishnet stockings and attatch them to the garter.  Now I was dressed
exactly like I was in the video, and I might add that I still have my firm 38,
22, 34 body. I went back out the tv and restarted the tape.  I watched myself
do my strip routine and I saw his cock getting really hard.  I began to tease
him by moving into arms length of him and my soaking crotch. Whenever he would
reach out to touch me I would back away.  I could see how wet my panties were
getting as I rubbed and teased him so I pulled them aside to allow him to get a
look at my pussy, and damm I was saoking, I watched a bead of my juice run down
the inside of my leg.  I realized then that by watching this old video I was
getting excited, I began to rub my cunnie through my panties just like I was on
the tape.  I watched the tape for a few more minutes, and then it was over.  I
was really worked up by watching it, and I began to rub myself a bit harder.  I
saw how I was soaking through my panties and the change in color of the silk as
it was getting wetter.  I put my hand down the front and began playing in my
pubic hair, pulling it lightly and massiging it, ummmmm it felt so good.  I
moved my finger down to my clit and began to massage it, pushing the tender
flesh from it and exposing it to my direct touch.  I began rubing it faster and
faster, and began pushing a finger inside, my other had was playing with my
breast, pulling and kneeding on the nipple, my breathing was labored and
faster, I felt the tension of orgasm building inside of me, I pushed two
fingers into me oooooohhhhhh.... ahhhh.... I began cumming fast and hard. 
finally when my body calmed down I heard clapping.  I got up and turned around
to see my roomate doris and her boyfriend standing stripped down their
underwear. I felt my face heat up as I began to blush.  Doris's boyfriend
Jayson came over to me and said "what a show that was.  I would love to see
what you do for an onchour."  Doris came over to me and hugged me.  "that was
wondeful." she said, and then jayson began  to rub my pussy through my panties
.I so was worked up that I spread my legs as far as I could while standing up
for him.  Doris finished getting undressed and came over.   She stood behind me
and reached her hands around me and began fondling my tits, she untied the
string in the front of my teddie and my teddie fell to the floor.  She then
proceeded to massage my breasts. pulling each nipple out for jayson to lick and
suck on.  Jayson's constant pressure on my cunt was keeping me on the brink of
orgasm. doris began pressing her body against mine and I could the heat her
pussy was making on my ass, her breasts were moving up and down my back, I
could feel her hard nipples pressing against me.  I was so overwhelemed by the
feelings I could do nothing to either help them or stop them(not that I wanted
to stop them). Jayson unclipped my stockings from my garter and pulled my
panties off of me. He took them in his hand brought them up to his nose and
sniffed. "you smell delicious to me" he said, my response was a low moaned
"uhhhhhhh." He finished his stripping and I could see he had a cock that was
about 6" long and extreamly thick.  They lead me to doris's bedroom and lay me
down on the bed with jayson laying beside me.  he insinuated a finger into me
and began moving it in a circulator motion..."uuuhhhhhhhh  that feels so good..
don't stop... ummmmmmmm...... oohhhh....ahhaahhahahaha..... ummmm....don't
stop, make me cum..." I was begging him.  I was almost there, just about to cum
when he stopped and doris came into my view.  She was holding in her hand a
large double sided dildo and vibrator, I've know doris to use the vibrator
onherslef on occasion, but that double sided dildo was new to me.  She started
to insert onside into me getting it in a few inches and pulling it out, doing
that over and over.  I cam almost instantly, but Doris didn't stop.  Once the
dildo was quite well lubricated on one side she began to start sucking on the
other as if she was giving a blow job.  When she was satisified that it was
indeed slick she straddled me, and began to insert the other side into her
hungry pussy.  It slid into her quite easily and she began pumping as if she
were a guy, or as if I were a guy, the dildo sliding in and out of both of us. 
It was incredible, the look of pure unadultrated lust in her eyes and I began
to push back at her.  I saw jayson get behind her and using the still wet
fingers he used on me began to finger doris in her ass and doris began moaing
"ohhhh ohhhhh ohhhh god yes, fuck me both of you, fuck me harder"  I began to
push harder at her and so did jay. Doris came and came she was never so loud as
she was then with her amost screaming "Yes!  YES that's it! I'm cumming, I'm
fuckin cumming."  She was like a woman possesed, thrashing left and right as if
she was riding a wild bull.  I began to cum again too, and we both exploded at
the same time.  doris collapsing ontop of me, but never removing the dildo from
either of us. after a few minutes doris rolled off me and pulled the dildo from
my cunt.  I sat up, and looked over at jay, his rock hard dick really needed
some attending to and after what just happened I was ready for anything.  he
bent me forward over the side of the bed and spread my pussy lips with his
fingers, I reached back to hold myself open for him and he slid gently into me
and began fucking me with slow even stroks.   doris, after regaining her
composure went behind jay dildo still deep in her and spread jays ass cheeks. 
She then took the dildo out of her pussy and using the end that was in her,
began pushing it up jay's ass,  Jay was sandwiched between the two us, each
time he moved forward he slid into me and off the dildo, and when he went back
he moved onto it, and out of me.  Doris began using the vibrator on her ass
again and she was panting like a dog in heat "Oh yes, take my fake cock in your
ass, that's it, make me cum in your ass aaawwwwwww" jay was making some pretty
loud grunting noises too.  I felt his cock begin to jump in me and suddendly he
exploded inside of me his cum dripping out around his cock.  doris was working
fevorishly at jay's hole, and her own,  and before you knew it she was cumming
again and again.  he orgasm seemed to last to have lasted for atleast 15
minutes, but inreality it couldn't have been more then 3.  we collapsed on the
bed together, and doris moved between my legs and began to lick jay's cum from
my twat.  Jay got hard again from watching doris licking and sucking my twat,
circling my clit, sucking it into her hot mouth.  jay moved over towards me and
put his cock in my face.  I took it into my mouth and he began fucking my
mouth.  I wanted to taste his cum, swallow it all.  I watched Doris finger
herself in the mirror over the dresser, I watched her fingers in and out of her
glistening slit, he face contorting with passion. ummmm...doris's moans were
muffeled my pussy and mine with jay's cock, I was the first to cum, my juices
splashing over doris's face, and doris was quick to lick up all my juices. 
Doris began to cum now, her body began to quiver jump until she collapsed into
a heap.  Jay pulled his cock out of my mouth and began pulling on it hard, he
shot his cum all over my chest and my pubic hairs, doris jumped quickly at the
chance and began to lick jay's cum off my body.

We all layed down on the bed and slept and didn't get up till the next
afternoon and did it all again.
