                      THE GANG

                   by V.P. Viddler



     All four of the chicks that we Bastards captured from that 
uptown gang had an attitude problem--at first. But it got lost 
damn quickly. As soon as they saw what we did with the fifth one. 
Who wasn't in condition to come along with us. Maybe she's still 
hanging around up there. Hanging by her wrists.

     That's how Judy was hanging.

     Not right away though.

     Anyway, four uptown chicks in our clubhouse. Trying to tough 
it out. Not for long.

     My favorite was a redhead. April. Kind of skinny but not 
skinny in the bosom. Crazy hips. April was first. Dash put her 
out in the middle of the floor and told her to strip. Just like 
that. All of us sitting around, standing around. Guys and girls 
both. Told April to strip. April didn't look too good, I could 
tell how scared she was, but she just stood still. Didn't do 
anything. So Dash grins and asks what her name is and she says 
April and Dash says, "April, you can go two ways. You can strip 
or you can scream. All night long. I'd like to hear you screaming 
all night long. What do you say?" April stripped. Crying all the 
while. And Dash said, "Anybody want this skinny broad?" And I 
said I did. So Dash said, "Do it to her. Right now. Lay down, 
April." April was crying, but she did it, and I got naked and did 
it to her, and it was damn good.

     The brown-haired chick was Dawn, that's what she said, and 
Dawn wasn't about to cry. But still she was afraid. Dash didn't 
tell Dawn to strip. He said she had a sexy mouth. And that was 
damn right, it was a pouty kind of round, soft mouth with full 
lips. Dash said Dawn could probably suck like a bitch. Dawn said, 
"No way." But she was sort of shaking. Dash was grinning again, 
and he took his dick out, all big and hard and stiff, and Dawn 
said, "Christ," and Dash said, "Suck this." Dawn looked around, 
and this chick was in like no man's land, a goddam captive, and 
nothing and nobody could or would do anything to help her. Dash 
was just waiting, waiting and grinning at her, and Dawn had to be 
thinking about that girl uptown and thinking how it could be her, 
and all of us waiting and Dawn said, "Oh god, oh Jesus god," and 
slowly sank down onto her knees. And Dawn thought she was going 
to say something, but Dash said, "Do it," and Dawn did it. Dash 
had her sucking him for about half an hour, but still he didn't 
come, and at last he told her to stop. And then Dash told her to 
make the rounds. Which meant Dawn had to crawl all around that 
room and suck every damn guy in the place. Still with all her 
clothes on, she was crawling on all fours from guy to guy and 
sucking all of them off.

     As Dawn was doing this Dash was torturing the third girl, 
Abigail. Abigail was a luscious blonde with a curvy body and a 
short skirt that turned us all on, and Dash said, "What's your 
name, Blondie," and she said, "Abigail," and Dash said, "Okay, 
Abigail, sorry about that, but I'm gonna have to hurt you." And 
Abigail said, "Why?" and Dash said, "Because you look so damn 
sexy that I can't help it. I just have to watch you in pain. It's 
going to turn me on. It turns me on just thinking about it. 
Watching you in agony. Listening to you scream. I'll bet you can 
scream good and hard. Right, Abigail?" "Oh Christ," Abigail said, 
and her voice was shaking. And so was her body. "Look, please, 
you don't have to do that, I'll do what you want, I will, I'll do 
it all." "You bitch," Dash said. "What a cowardly bitch. I want 
to hurt you so bad I can't wait." "No," Abigail said, "no please, 
I'll, look I'll," and Abigail began unbuttoning her shirt. 
"Anything," Abigail said, gasping. "Anything at all, please, 
I'll--"

     And that's when Judy did it.

     Judy was the fourth girl. And Judy was a goddamn knockout. 
Judy had long dark hair and long lusciously curving legs and firm 
taut breasts and a body that didn't quit. And also a face that 
was so pretty I just wanted to kiss and kiss her. Judy had this 
black dress with buttons all down its front and anyway she did 
what she did so I didn't get to fuck her and I wish to Christ I 
had, just once anyway, right into that damn--

     Anyhow, okay, Judy just came forward right into that room 
and did it. She said to Abigail, "Don't, for Christ sake, don't 
grovel to this son of a bitch, it's not going to do any good, 
they're going to do what the want to do, and that's it. Don't 
give in to him, the fucking bastard."

     And old Dash didn't know what the fuck was going on. "Who 
the goddamn hell is this?" Dash says. And Dash looks Judy up and 
down, and Judy spits at him. Just like that.

     That did it. Judy was dead right at that point. I knew it 
right away. I was already thinking, one less girl for us tonight. 
Originally four uptown captives for us to have fun with all night 
long, now only three. Old April, who was still naked and still 
crying, cringing in a corner; Dawn, of the sexy lips, still 
crawling from guy to guy; and Abigail, if she was still usable 
after Dash was through hurting her.

     Ordinarily, Dash would have strung Abigail up, or spread her 
out, and spent hours just torturing her, making her howl in agony 
and watching her squirm and twist and beg in vain for him to 
stop. And if she was conscious after that it could be loads of 
fun to fuck her as she moaned and shrieked continuously with all 
that pain. But now Abigail might get out of it because now Dash 
was staring at Judy, and he wasn't grinning this time.

     Dash got up to stand in front of her. "All right, you 
fucking cunt," Dash said. "What's your damn name?"

     Judy says, "It's Judith. So what, you creep?"

     "Judith, huh," Dash says. "Well, now, Judy, you know what I 
think I'm--"

     And this girl says, "Not Judy. It's Judith."

     "What?" Dash says, not believing this.

     "I said it's Judith," she says. "Not Judy. Judith. You got 
that? Or is it too damn complicated for you?"

     "You dirty little bitch," Dash says. "You know what I'm 
gonna do with you, Judy? I'm gonna make you my personal slave. 
That's right, Judy/Judith, I'm making you my own personal 
property, my slave and servant and toy and plaything. I'm gonna 
lay back and make you do all the shitty things I can think of. 
And baby, I can think of a fuck of a lot. You'll wish you'd kept 
your fucking mouth shut for good. You can start by stripping the 
fuck out of that dress. Right now."

     And Judy said, "Go fuck yourself."

     And that was that.

     That's how come Judy was hanging by her wrists. From that 
beam in the ceiling. Dangling at the end of a rope around her 
wrists. Stark naked.

     But that was nothing special. I'd seen that lots of times. 
Chicks hanging so Dash could whip the shit out of them. Or burn 
their bodies with his cigars and stuff. All kinds of things Dash 
could think of to do to a girl, and he did it for hours.

     But this was special all right. Because Dash was looking to 
kill Judy. Slowly. And agonizingly. That's why Judy's legs didn't 
hang down, kicking and thrashing the way Dash liked to watch. 
That's why Judy's legs were bent up in back of her, almost 
doubled up. That's why Judy's ankles were tied together tightly 
with rope, a long rope, and that's why the other end of that rope 
was tied around Judy's neck. In a slip knot. So that Judy had to 
hold her lower legs just as they were, tight up behind her, to 
avoid choking herself. That was a taut rope too. And it dug into 
Judy's neck, and if Judy didn't hold those curvy calves up high 
in back of her, she was about to strangle. But those calves were 
straining as it was, and it was obvious that pretty soon Judy's 
leg muscles would get tired. And if that happened--and it had to 
happen. I knew that. Dash knew that.

     And Judy knew that.

     Dash was watching, just sitting and watching. Judy was 
biting at her lip, trying to stay strong, trying to hold her legs 
high, trying to control her gasping, panting breath. I was 
watching that body. Straining tautly, with arms pulled up high, 
all fucking naked. Judy's breasts. Judy's stomach. Judy's long 
shapely thighs. Going to waste. Dash just sitting and watching. 
Judy's gasps so loud now. Judy's calves trembling. Trying to 
relax.

     "All right," Judy said at last. "All right. I'll do what you 
want. Let me down."

     "Why should I," Dash said. "I want to watch this."

     "Please," Judy said finally. "I can't--please."

     "No," Dash said.

     Judy's body was shaking.

     "I don't want to die," Judy said.

     "What's your name?" Dash said.

     "Judith," Judy said.

     "Too bad," Dash said.

     "I--it's Judy," she said.

     "What?" Dash said.

     "Judy. Judy. It's Judy."

     "No," Dash said. "It's Judy Cock-sucker. Say that."

     "Judy--Judy Cock-sucker," Judy said, gasping.

     "Say it again," Dash said.

     "Judy Cock-sucker," Judy said. "My name is Judy Cock-
sucker."

     "Right," Dash said. "You want to suck my cock, Judy Cock-
sucker?"

     "Yes," Judy said.

     "Say it," Dash said.

     "I want to suck your cock," Judy said. "Please let me down, 
I can't--"

     "Okay," Dash said. "But you gotta suck my cock, Judy. And 
you better make it the best damn cock-sucking anybody ever had in 
all of history. Okay?"

     "Yes," Judy said, frantic now. "I will, I will, I'll do it, 
I will please--"

     "All right," Dash says, and so two guys brought Judy down, 
but only enough so she was touching the floor with her knees, 
arms still tightly pulled up, but at least Judy could relax her 
calves a little, gasping and groaning with that bit of relief. 
But not too much.

     "Okay," Dash said. "Do it. Suck me off."

     And Judy was trying, trying hard, but couldn't reach him, 
that rope didn't give enough slack, and though Judy tried 
frantically, she was only strangling with the effort.

     So Dash said, "Shit, Judy, that's no good. Back up."

     And they took her up again and Judy began to scream and 
scream, but not for long, for she had to have air to try 
breathing, and Judy's legs couldn't take that strain now and she 
was choking and now Judy began to beg Dash as hard as she could, 
begging and strangling and choking and pleading. Judy said she 
would be his slave, she said she would be his slave for life, all 
of her life, and would do anything Dash told her, anything at 
all, and she said she was his toy and his plaything, just as he'd 
said, and would only live to serve him and give him pleasure and 
Dash would own her body and soul, own all of her, and Dash could 
use her, hurt her, do anything to her and please, Judy said, god 
please I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, please, anything you 
want, always, anything...

     Judy's muscles wouldn't work any more, her calves were 
sagging, Judy was gasping for breath. And Dash told April to go 
to him and suck him off. April was on hands and knees in front of 
him and took his dick in her mouth and Dash sat and had April 
slowly suck him, sucking him slowly, slowly, as Judy was 
strangling, and just as Judy made a last final horrible gurgling 
sound, Dash shoot all he had down April's throat, and Dash took 
April's soft hair in his hands and held April as she was until he 
was through and April had to swallow it all down.

     Judy hung that way all night and April and Dawn and Abigail 
unwillingly contributed their soft bodies and mouths and vaginas 
and assholes to our lustful pleasures. All night long...
