		THE STAR
		By Ann Douglas

	Kevin paced with anticipation as he waited in the long
hall leading up to her dressing room.  He couldn't really 
believe that he would actually get the chance to meet her, to 
talk to her.
	It had only been a month ago that he'd managed to work
up the courage to write her a letter.  He'd told her how he'd
seen one of her old movies on AMC a few months back and had
instantly been captivated by her.  Since then,  Kevin had found 
a copy of everyone of her films. No easy feat since even the most
recent was 25 years old, a full seven years before Kevin had
even been born.  His bookcase back home carried three books
on her life, including her autobiography.  He had fallen in 
love with her words as easily as he had her celluloid image.
	The most he had hoped for when he mailed that letter
was an personally autographed photograph.  When he opened it
and found a front row ticket to her current Broadway show and
an invitation to come backstage and meet her after the show,
the 18 year old nearly fainted.  Using money from his
graduation, Kevin had taken a Greyhound bus to New York
City in search of a dream.
	Kevin gulped as the door opened and the wardrobe lady
stepped out.  She shifted the costume in her arms and gave him
an indifferent look, quickly moving past him.
	Kevin took another deep breath and stepped forward. . 
Gathering his courage he knocked on the wooden  door.
	It quickly swung open and he was met by a large black
woman.  
	"Can I help you?"  She said, not a little annoyed.
	"I ...  I'm here to see Miss Thomas."  He managed to
stammer out.
	"Miss Thomas doesn't see people in her dressing room,"
the woman said.   "If you'd caller her office....."
	"But she invited me...."  Kevin quickly exclaimed.  "She
sent me a ticket to the show and said I should come backstage
afterward."
	"Yeah, right..."  she answered as she moved to  close
the door.
	"Is there a problem, Katie?"  came a voice from within
the room.  A voice that was like music to Kevin's ears.
	"Just some kid, claims you invited him."  Katie said
laughingly.  "I was just getting rid of him."
	"Oh Lord!" the voice yelled.  "I'd forgotten all about it, I
did send him a ticket to the show.
	At that, Katie stopped the door in mid-motion and
reopened it.  She then stepped aside to let Kevin enter.  As he
walked by her, she shook her head in disbelief.
	Once inside the dressing room, Kevin took in his
surrounding.  The room was large, as befitting someone of her
status.  On the walls were photos of her in her many roles, 
both in film and on the stage.  A small kitchenette occupied one
corner, and a pullout couch in another. It resembled more a
small apartment than a dressing room.
	"I'm so sorry for the misunderstanding," came the voice
from behind a changing partition.  "I totally forgot about
sending that invitation."
	"Will you be needing anything else, Miss Thomas?" 
Katie said.
	""No, I'm done for the evening, thank you, Katie."
	With that the black woman turned and left, leaving
Kevin a strong stare as she exited.
	"All right, he I come, ready or not,"  said the voice
behind the barrier.
	Kevin felt his heart skip a beat as she stepped into view. 
In his mind he knew that Cynthia Thomas was a little over 
fifty, but his eyes couldn't believe she was more than 
middle-thirties.  Short dark hair rested atop a  blue silk dressing 
robe.  From what he could see of her body, it was obvious that she took
serious care of  it.  Her smile was infectious, exactly as it 
had been in the first film he had seem - made so many years before.
	"Can I offer you something to drink?"  She asked.
"Juice, soda, or maybe something a little stronger?"
	"Err...soda would be fine."
	"Coming right up."  Cynthia said as she moved to the
small wet bar.  "You must forgive Katie," she said as she
poured a soda for Kevin and a scotch for herself.  "I'm not in
the habit of receiving visitors after a show."
	"That's ok, "  Kevin said as he accepted the drink. "I still
can't believe you invited me here."
	"Well....."  Cynthia said as she sat down in a large chair
and motioned for Kevin to take a seat on the couch.  "It's been
a long time since I've gotten a letter like yours - in fact 
what fan mail I do get these days is usually from "old" men.  I was
intrigued by your letter - seven pages no less."
	"I really didn't mean for it to go on and on like that Miss
Thomas,"  Kevin said, a little embarrassed.  "But once I 
started, it was hard to stop."
	"Hold on now...."  Cynthia said as she held up her hand,
"This "Miss Thomas" stuff ends right here, you make me sound
old enough to be your mother.  My friends call me
Cynthia......and if you really must....Cindy."
	Kevin's face beamed at this granting of intimacy. Never
mind that Cynthia Thomas was only four years younger than his
grandmother, never mind his mother.
	"So tell me a little more about yourself Kevin."
	
	For over an hour they sat and talked. Kevin had quickly
covered his entire life in under ten minutes.  Cynthia spent 
the rest of the time telling him a version of her life not found in 
any book. Of life in Hollywood and of loves and adventures as a
young starlet.  Kevin was fascinated by the stories, causing 
the actress to reveal more and more details of her life.
	"You must thing be terribly wicked."  She said as she
paused after telling of another big name lover.  "Normally I
never talk about those days, but there's something about you
that just makes me want to open up.  I hope you're not too
embarrassed?"
	"Oh not at all, I could sit and listen to you for hours." 
Kevin replied.
	"Watch what you wish for..."  Cynthia said with a grin.
"You might just regret that."   
	"Never..." Kevin interjected.
	"Very well....now where was I....oh yes....it was back in
'73......"
	
	As Cynthia continued with yet another tale of sexual
conquest among Hollywood's elite, Kevin became more and
more away of her sexuality.  Her loose fitting gown had become
even looser, giving him ample view of her breasts as he imaged
the star of her current tale fondling them.  As he'd done in
countless wet dreams.
	"Maybe I'd better stop....."  Cynthia said as she took
note of  the bulge that had filled Kevin's pants.  "It seems 
that my little tales are having some effect on you."
	"I didn't mean..... "  Kevin said as his face grew red.
	"Dear boy, there so need to get so flush.  I consider that
the finest compliment I can get at my age."
	"You're still as beautiful as when you made O'Brien's
Crossing...."  Kevin blurted out.  "Anyone can see that."
	"That's so kind of you to say that, even if it is a lie." 
Cynthia said.  "The eyes of youth....you look at me and see the
image on the screen, not the reality of today."
	"I still say you're beautiful!"
	"You do believe that, my darling Kevin."  she replied
beaming, "Well you deserve a look at the whole package
then...."


	With that she stood and pulled on the sash of her robe. 
With a flourish she dropped in to the floor, revealing her to 
be nude beneath it.  
	Kevin's mouth dropped open, confronted by a set of
beautiful 36c breasts which only sagged a little.  He had 
masturbated a thousand times imagining them, now they were
only a foot away. 
	"I hope your still looking with those eyes of youth." 
Cynthia said as she struck a pose.  "Do you like what you see?"
	"You're more beautiful than I could've imaged."  came
his reply.      
	"I love you Kevin....I hardly know you but I love you."
	With that she pulled him up from the couch and kissed
him.  Softly at first, then Kevin felt her tongue slip into his
mouth and she pressed against him.  Before he realized it, she
had slipped her hand down his pants and embraced his hard
cock. 
	"I really shouldn't be doing this,"  Cynthia whispered
between kisses as she stroked his cock. "But I have always had
such a weakness for handsome young men."
	Kevin's only reply was a soft moan.
	"Do you want me to stop?"  she asked.
	"Oh no......please don't stop..."  he panted.
	
	A wicked smile crossed Cynthia's lips as she drew his
mouth down to her breasts, pushing her nipple inside it.
	"Suck me...my pretty boy.." Cynthia purred.  "Suck
Cindy's tits."
	Kevin was only too eager to comply as he drew her
nipple inside his mouth and worked his tongue around it.  He
could feel the pressure in his balls, already he wanted to cum.
	Cynthia could also feel the heat in his balls, but her tight
experienced grip assured that he wouldn't cum before she was
ready.  She had plans for all that beautiful boy-juice.
	"Mmmmm."  Kevin moaned as she replaced one breast
in his mouth with the other.  
	"Oh yes, baby..thats it....suck those beautiful tits."  she
said as she pulled open his pants, relieving some on the 
pressure on his cock.  "Get those nipples nice and hard."
	For over ten minutes, Kevin devoured Cynthia's breasts,
covering them with kisses.  His shirt had soon followed his
pants to the floor and he was soon as naked as the actress.  
She continued her hold on his cock, letting it grow just soft 
enough so that he was no longer in danger of shooting too soon.
	"Lean back lover,"  Cynthia said as she eased him back
onto the couch.  "Mama's gonna make you feel real nice."
	The older woman dropped to her knees before the
young man and took his cock into her mouth.  As the wetness
of her lips engulfed him, Kevin fell into a pit of desire.  
With care strokes of her tongue she brought him again and again to
the point of release, then suddenly stopped short of orgasm.  
It wasn't Kevin's fist blowjob, be he'd never had one that felt so
good.
	Don't stop,"  he said as he drifted in estacy, "Don't ever
stop."
	Cynthia deep throated him again, taking all seven inches
into her mouth.  He was as hard as he could be, and soon even
her practiced hand wouldn't be able to keep him from
exploding.
	"Have you ever fucked a woman, Kevin?"  she asked in
a deep sexy voice.  "Have you ever filled a woman with this big
beautiful cock?"
	"Errr...sure, "  Kevin murmured, thinking it a crime to
compare the few hometown girls he'd been with to this woman
on her knees before him.
	"Well, Cindy's going to teach you something new...." 
she said as she stood, pulling him to a standing position as 
she held onto his cock.  "Something  I'm sure they don't teach back
in your hometown."
	

	Leading him over to her dressing table, Cynthia popped
the lid off a large jar of Vaseline and scooped up a generous
portion of it with her fingers.  First she smeared it  over the
head of his cock, then the base.  That done, she slid a gel
covered finger into her anus, then a second, moving them in and
out.  Satisfied with both the level of lubrication and 
tightness,
she bent over the arm of the couch and spread her legs.  A 
little unsure of what exactly to do, Kevin moved behind her aimed
his hard cock at her  veteran pussy.
	"No, not there....."  Cynthia said as she reached back
and again took hold of him, guiding him to her smaller tighter
hole.  "Here..."  she said as she eased the head of his cock
against her pucker hole.
	Pushing forward, his cockhead slid inside her, her ass
wrapping itself around the gel covered cock.  Kevin couldn't
believe the tightness of her ass, or how good it felt around 
his cock.  He slid back a little, drawing it out about and inch, 
then two......then he thrusted forward and buried his shaft deep
inside her.
	"Fuck  yes!!!!"  Cynthia yelled as she felt the pain/
pleasure combination  rip into her.  "Fuck my ass, fill it with
that big beautiful cock!"
	As her hole relaxed more, Kevin began to develop a
rhythm, thrusting harder with each stroke. Cynthia followed the
rhythm, pushing her ass back to meet each new thrust, until his
now engorged balls slapped against her ass.  Her frenzy
increased with each new penetration, until she could no longer
speak, only utter a grunting noise. 
	As one hand balanced her against the couch arm, the
other had found it's way to her clit and she frigged  herself
incessantly, adding to the torrids raging within her.  Feeling
Kevin begin to tense behind her, she managed through sheer
effort to again find her voice.
	"Fuck me...."  she panted in gasps.  "Fill my ass with
that beautiful cum."
	A few seconds  later, Kevin fulfilled her request as he
experienced the most explosive orgasm of his young life. 
Cynthia's sphincter seemed to tighten around the base of his
cock as a fountain of boycum rushed into her.  Each additional
thrust brought more, until he was finally drained completely. 
Then in exhaustion he collapsed on top of her, his cock still
inside her as if, even drained ,she was unwilling to get him 
go.
	
	It was nearly ten minutes before either of them spoke. 
Cynthia gently stroked his now limp cock and kissed him gently.
  She knew that this wouldn't be a one time thing. First thing 
in the morning she would have Kevin move in with her.   She
would find him a job, after all he was good looking enough to
be on the stage -  she didn't think many actresses would mind
having a man opposite them for a change instead of another
fairy.  And of course she would be happy to share him - that
was the nature of show business.  She could well afford to be
generous.  After all - she was Cynthia Thomas  - and she had an
image to maintain.


END
