                      THE TAPE

                   by V.P. Viddler



     On the tape Gloria said: "You fat, stupid bastard, I don't 
want to talk to you any more. I can't stand the sight of you. 
I'll have nothing to do with you, so stop sniffing around. You're 
nothing but a fat dumb shit and you can't afford to touch the 
bottom of my foot. So forget it, buddy. You'll never touch me. 
You got that? You will never lay a hand on me. You got that? You 
will never touch this body."

     That tape ran on and on as I looked down at Gloria's tautly 
stretched, tightly bound body. At Gloria's wild glaring eyes. At 
Gloria's dark, rolling head. Listening to the throaty, desperate 
sounds Gloria was making through the gag in her mouth.

     As I cut all her clothing off.

     As I ran my hands over that wildly twisting body.

     And as I lay down on top of Gloria and smiled at her and 
stuck my cock up into Gloria's squirming cunt.

     "This is my favorite part, Gloria," I said. "And right about 
here I put it into a loop, so you can hear it again and again and 
again. As I fuck you. Listen."

     Gloria snarled at me helplessly, and said on tape, "You will 
never lay a hand on me. You got that? You will never touch this 
body!"

     As she said that last part, I thrust up into her as hard and 
as far as I could.

     Gloria began to cry.

     "Listen, Gloria," I said.

     "You will never touch this body!" the tape said.

     I thrust again.

     "You will never touch this body!"

     I thrust again.

     "You will never touch this body!"

     I thrust again.

     It went on and on, and each time Gloria's voice said I would 
never touch her, I thrust. Hard. Hard. Again and again and again. 
And again. And again. Until Gloria was howling into the gag, 
howling and sobbing with shame and humiliation and pain and 
hatred.

     "I'm fat," I said, and I thrust. "I'm dumb," I said, and 
thrust. "I'm a dirty shit, and I'll never touch you." Again. 
"Right, Gloria?" I said, thrusting hard. "Right? But what am I 
doing, Gloria? What is this that I'm doing to you? Hmmm?" And I 
slammed at her body, and then I slapped her face.

     "Bitch," I said. "Bitch. I love fucking you. I love having 
you this way. But you don't like it much, do you, Gloria? Tough, 
Gloria. I'm not about to stop. No way. I'm going to fuck you all 
day long. All day and all night, Gloria. I'll fuck you in all 
your holes, Gloria."

     On tape Gloria said I would never touch her body. I took 
hold of Gloria's pink nipples and I smiled into her rolling eyes 
as I pinched them hard in my fingers. Gloria made whining, agony-
filled sounds through her gag.

     "Want me to stop, Gloria?" I said. "Want me to stop hurting 
you?" I clamped hard and Gloria's head nodded swiftly. "I will," 
I said. "I will if. If. If I ungag you and you say you love me."

     Gloria snarled. I pinched. Gloria nodded.

     I took out the gag and still twisted one nipple until Gloria 
said, "I love you."

     "And you want me to put my cock in your mouth."

     "You will never touch this body," Gloria said on tape.

     "Put your cock in my mouth," Gloria said. "I'll suck it. 
I'll do anything."

     "You will never touch this body."

     "Fuck my mouth. Do it all to me."

     "You will never touch this body."

     "Tell me I can touch your body all I want," I said to 
Gloria.

     "You can touch my body all you want," Gloria said.

     "Put my hands on your body," I said.

     "I can't. I'm tied," Gloria sobbed.

     I unbound one wrist, just one.

     "You will never touch this body."

     Gloria took my hand and lay it on her breast.

     "You will never touch this body."

     I moved up and put my dick into Gloria's mouth. I fucked her 
face, I fucked her mouth, and the tape ran and ran, and as Gloria 
told me I would never touch that body, I slammed my prick into 
her throat. Gloria gagged and choked and I grabbed her long hair 
and jammed her face against me and listened to the tape and 
Gloria's gasps as I shot and shot down her throat...
