THE MALL               -           Written by:  Marc / Sysop
--------                             Christopher Street BBS
(201) 992-5660 Dedicated to *Star-Finder*

It was a bright, warm summer day and I had some compensation time off from
work.  I had a date that day, but it was    cancelled and I was left alone and
bored.  I had nothing to do and decided to go over to the mall and walk around
for a while to try to pick up my spirits.  I got in the car and started for the
mall.  On my way, I saw a lot of cute young boys enjoying their summer
vacation.  Every once in a while I would pass one, or a group of them, wearing
nothing but shorts and playing football or just horsing around.  I  wished that
I could join them.  The thought of being with these young guys, just to play,
really turned me on.

When I got to the mall, I parked my car pretty far away from the entrance
because I wanted it to be under a tree.  I  always hated coming out and having
my legs scorched by the hot car seat.  I got out and began to walk towards the
door of a one of the department stores.  I was a beautiful day and I was
wearing a pair of nylon running shorts and only half a tee-shirt, which showed
off all of the ripples in my 22 year old stomach.  I had worked long and hard
to loose all those pounds and get myself down to 135 lbs.  The hours I spent in
the gym had all paid off, and now I wanted to show it off a little.  I reached
the door and walked through the department store out into the main concourse of
the mall.

I walked back and forth along the lower level of the mall.  I had been there so
many times before that I really didn't find anything to hold my interest.
Every once in a while I would notice one of the old "queens" staring at the
bulge in my shorts or the ripples in my stomach, but they wouldn't know what to
do with it if they had it and I just laughed.  I decided to go into "Stan
Goodies" record store and see what was topping the charts this week.  I walked
in and started looking through the record "stacks".  I looked up and saw a kid,
about 17, that I had seen earlier out in the mall with his mother.  I had
noticed that he was cute, but really didn't look twice since he was with his
mother.  I looked around to see where she was but didn't see her in the store.
I decided I would walk over near him to get a better look.  As I got closer, I
saw that he was wearing a pair of those new "parachute pants".  They were white
and you could see right through to the outline of his jockey shorts.  The
fabric really clung to his body and you could see every curve and bulge.  He
was also wearing one of those tee- shirts with all the holes in it and I could
see his chest.  It was hairless and well defined.  His arms were in proportion
and his legs too.  All-in-all he was a gorgeous blonde package.

He must have noticed me walking in his direction because he looked at me.  I
hoped he hadn't seen that my cock was hard, but in a way I also hoped that he
had.  I started to look through the records right next to him, and kept
glancing at him out of the corner of my eye.  Every time I looked over, his
eyes darted away, but I could tell that he was watching me too.  I mustered up
all the courage I could manage and said, "Hi, I don't mean to be forward, but
you're really hot looking".  His face turned red and he seemed a little
shocked, but he said "Thanks".  I told him that I had noticed him before with
his mother and I asked him where she was now.  He said that she had went into
some ladies shops and told him to meet her in an hour.  I asked him if he would
like to take a walk out to my car with me for a while.  He seemed a little
hesitant, but said as long as he would be back in time to meet his mother, it
would be OK.  We left the record store and began to walk back to my car.

I was glad I had parked the car under a tree because it was pretty cool inside,
as well as pretty secluded from view.  I rolled down the windows and put on the
radio.  As he sat in the passenger seat, he seemed a little nervous and didn't
say anything.  I started to tell him how good he looked in those parachute
pants and asked him where he bought them. As he was telling me about it, I
reached over and touched his leg as if I was feeling the fabric.  He flinched a
little but didn't retreat.  I started to rub my hand up and down his leg until
I reached his crotch.  I cupped my hand over his bulge and felt his cock
getting hard. I rubbed his cock for a while and then I pulled him toward me and
kissed him.  I sensed that he had never kissed another guy before, so I was
gentle at first.  After a few minutes, I slid my toungue into his mouth and we
began to French kiss.

I told him to pull the lever on the side of his seat and it lowered all the way
back so that he was laying almost flat on his back.  I lowered my seat most of
the way, but stayed a little above him so that I could get some real work done.
I asked him if he would take his clothes off, but he was too nervous that
someone would come along.  I was also worried about that, but in some way, it
added to the exitement and the thought of someone catching us only made me
hornier.   After some coaxing, he agreed to take off his shirt.  He had a
hairless chest and some small muscles in his stomach.  I began to caress his
chest and arms as I kissed him.  I licked his neck and worked my way down his
chest, then to his naval.

I could see the front of his pants beginning to get moist at the tip of the
bulge and new the time was right.  I opened the button on his pants and pulled
down the zipper.  I expected him to object, but he didn't.  I pulled his pants
down around his ankles, but didn't remove them.  His underwear was wet and you
could almost see his cock through it.  I ran my fingers underneath the leg
holes of his shorts and touched his balls.  He squirmed and giggled and seemed
to really like it.  Then, I lowered his underwear to his ankles as well.  His
cock sprang out, hard and ready.  I began to suck it.  The pre-cum juices
really tasted good combined with the scent of his young cock.  After a few
minutes he moaned and squirmed and I knew he was about to cum.  I wasn't ready
to finish this so fast, so I told him to flip over on his belly for a while.
He did and I massaged his shoulders and back.  I lowered my hands and massaged
his firm buns.  I was really turned on by his ass and moved my mouth to it.  I
let my toungue slip in and out of his ass as I had done with his mouth before.

Every so often, he had asked me what time it was and I could tell he didn't
want to miss the meeting with his mother.  I knew that the hour was almost gone
and I wanted to have his cum before he went.  I asked him to turn back over and
again went to work on his cock.  It was very hard, so I assumed he really
enjoyed the work I had done on his rear.  No sooner had I put it in my mouth
then he started to breath very heavy.  I knew it would happen soon.  I started
to suck very slowly in long hard movements.  He was practically hyper-
ventilating by the time he shot his load.  I didn't swallow his sweet cum until
I knew that I had taken every drop into my mouth.  I helped him to get dressed
and we both moved our seats back into the upright position.  I kissed him some
more and he said he had to go or he would have to do some explaining to his
mother.  I asked him for his phone number, but he wouldn't give it to me, so I
said that I hoped I would see him again some time in the mall.  He said he
hoped so too, and that he had really enjoyed today and would like to do it
again sometime.

We walked seperatly back to the mall so that his mother would not chance to see
us together.  When I got inside I walked around a little and saw him with his
mother again.  We smiled at each other and I winked.  I really hadn't had much
of a chance to look at the records earlier, so I went back into the record
store.  Standing next to me was another beautiful high school boy.  I went over
to him and said, "Hi.  I hope I'm not being to forward, but you're really hot
looking". . . . . .
