                            The Dare


"Bet I'm not!" she said defiantly.

"Bet you are!" he said confidently.

They were watching television and he had fallen asleep (or so she
thought) when he caught her trying to change the channel.  He
decided to get even by jabbing her in both ribs with his fingers
to which she had no reaction.  He then tried the thigh-grip...but
still no reaction.

"I told you I'm not ticklish!" she grinned devilishly.

She didn't even bat an eye when he suggested she lie down on her
back and he'll see about that.  She quickly stretched out on the
couch and looked at him.  "You won't find a ticklish spot on my
body." she daringly declared as she raised her arms over her
head.

She was a tanned, petite, 23 year old athletic-built brunette
with the kind of smile that would launch a thousand ships and he
had been trying for this evening together for quite some time. 
She wore tight jeans and a yellow halter-top with frilly yellow
socks to match.  On her feet were plain loafers.  With arms
raised, her slender ribs and stomach were fully exposed.

He took the opportunity to stroke her tummy with his fingers. 
She just cooed as if enjoying it.  As he changed direction and
wandered his wiggling fingers up her ribs, she gave a little
sigh.  "That's nice, I could use a massage" she said.

He tried many techniques.  Both ribs simultaneously, wiggling
extra fast, stroking extra lightly.  At one point, she jumped and
quickly relaxed.  He took note of this area...just above the
waist and slightly around the back.

"I have an idea, If you're not ticklish, you wouldn't mind being
tied up while I try.  I've heard that if you're helpless, it can
make a difference."

She really didn't have any way to argue this one, after daring
him and all.  "Go ahead, but no funny stuff."  She giggled at her
own pun.

He left for a second and returned with thick clothesline.  It
didn't take him long to place each arm over her head and lash
them together with about a dozen turns.  "Too tight?"  "Fine."
she replied.  "I've never done this before." she remarked in a
no-so-sure way.  Her smirking attitude had taken a bit of a
change.  He then routed the rope over the end of the couch.

He then went to the other end and crossed her legs at the ankles. 
This caused her left foot to stick up above the right one and
looked like the best position for the legs.  He then wrapped
several turns up the calves, carefully leaving her shoes and
socks outside of the bonds.  She watched this action with
interest which caused him to wander if she was worried about her
feet, which he hadn't tried yet.  He carefully pulled the rope
over the end of the couch which stretched her taught.  "OK?"  "No
problem..." she answered.

Her voice was a little shaky as she asked: "How long you gonna
take?  I have a test in the morning...."

"Getting worried?" to which she quickly snapped: "No...just that
it's getting late!"

"We'll see if we can hurry a little!" as he started swirling his
wiggling fingers around her ribs and tummy.  She no longer seemed
to enjoy it as much.  In fact, she was fighting the urge to
respond.

"Now, the good part." as he went for the low-rib area towards the
back on both sides he had discovered earlier.  She arched as she
threw her head back and let out the 'giggle' he had hoped for. 
He continued to wiggle his fingers on her sides, up into her
halter-top, around the back then to the front.  "OK, OK, <giggle>
you found <giggle> it!" as she had a little trouble speaking.

He continued the pace and noticed her responses now came from all
over.  It was as if once ignited, she was ticklish everywhere!

After a few minutes, he changed to the thighs - just above the
knees.  He squeezed here and there and to his delight - she was
now responding with giggles and belly-laughs to each attempt. 
"OK, <giggle> you can <IEEE!> stop now!"  She was writhing pretty
good and couldn't stop the attacks.  "You've haAAd <giggle> your
f-f-un!"  Laughter rolled constantly now as he just kept going
for several minutes.

"Now for the dessert."  and he moved toward her shoes.  "No,
please, I have to...Oh! No!"  as he removed the left loafer and
glared at the sole of her yellow sock - now made vulnerable
thanks to his clever rope-work.  He then removed the other shoe
and stood back to admire them.

"The socks have to go!" as he slowly, carefully removed the right
sock.  She was kind of hysterical as she declared: "That's it,
It's too late to continue with this..." but he just smiled and
dropped the sock and proceeded to the other.  "Don't, please.."
as he quickly jerked off the right sock.

Before him was a very hysterical gal, indeed.  And looking right
at him was her two beautiful bare feet, just waiting to be
attempted.  She tried every trick she could think of: "I might
pee on your couch...the neighbors will think you're beating
me..." but he just smiled at her.

He wasn't going to touch her feet until he was ready...he seemed
to delight in her attempts to head off this inevitable event. 
She jumped as he reached in the direction of her toes, but did
not touch them.  "You're REALLY worried now, aren't you?...and
you said you weren't ticklish!"  "I'm not ticklish...just
surprised by your...AAAAAAHAHAHA" as he stroked a finger from her
heel to toes of the one foot.

"Still won't admit it, huh." as he swirled one finger around her
wiggling left foot.  "AHHAHA--HA-HA-HA-AH-AH" as she tried to
answer.  He then joined in with the right foot...swirling the
fingers in each hand as he now had both feet at the same time. 
She couldn't say a thing as she threw her head back and just
gasped in a long continuous fit of laughter.

He kept it up, not letting her relax for about 30 seconds. 
During this time, he stimulated every area of both her
feet...under and around each toe.  The toes flexed and grabbed
like they were trying to catch his fingers...anything to delay
the tickling.  Her continuous laughter had blossomed into almost
no sound at all...just a whimper with no chance to talk.

He let up and let her catch her breath.  She took a while to
recover.  She was just about able to talk...AHHHEHEHE-HE-HE-HE-
he started again.  "Not ticklish, huh.  Tell me again that you're
not ticklish...what's the problem..."  but she couldn't answer as
he stroked long and hard, up and down, back and forth across both
foot-bottoms at the same time.

Her toes were now clenched tightly.  "Can't protect those
toes..." he then grabbed the top foot by the big and little
digits and spread her foot open for his most dastardly deed. 
With her toes separated using both hands, he used his tongue as
the torture implement.  Her ribs now thrust into deep laughter as
she experienced the feeling of the smooth but wet tongue darting
between the toes on her left foot.

She tried to pull her foot away but couldn't overcome his grasp
on the toes.  Her right foot was trying to push over to the area
to help out but was too tightly tied and far away to be
effective.  Her whole body now trembled into a spasm of laughter,
not before heard...kind of a settled, stable reaction as she must
have realized that she couldn't do anything about the
excruciating tickle sensations centered between the toes of her
left foot.

Suddenly, he let up.  "I'm a benevolent tickler, just want you to
know...catch your breath."  As she did, she seemed locked into
that smile that could launch a thousand ships.

"AHHHHH AHHHH AHHH AH ahh ah <sigh>"....it seemed like a long
time for her to recover but she eventually did.

"That was...stimulating!" she said as he untied her bonds.  "I
have never..."

"Are you...stimulated?" he asked.

"Oh YES!" she replied.  "I've never wanted to...on a first date,
but..."

"Say no more...." as he held her tightly.

He was pleased, VERY pleased indeed!

                             The End


