Copyright © 1997,  Baron Darkside.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


(1)  Disclaimer One:  This Is A Work Of Fiction; It Is Not True!
While Some Characters Who Appear In This Story May Be Under The Age Of
Eighteen, They Are Not Abused And No Abuse Is Intended Or Implied (If
You Disagree With My Definition Of Abuse, I'm Sorry).

(2) Disclaimer Two:   If You Are Underage (Under The Age Of Eighteen
(18)), Or In Locations That By Law,  Preclude You From Reading Sexual
Material, You Should Stop Reading This Material Now!!

(3)  Disclaimer Three:  If You Are, Now Or Have Ever Been,  Offended
By Sex, Incest Or Any Other Subject Of A Sexual Nature, Please Avoid
This Story.  (I Would Also Suggest You Seek The Services Of A
Psychologist.

(4)  Disclaimer Four:  This Is For Adults, And Contains Adult Oriented
Material.  If You Are Not An Adult, Either Chronologically, Mentally
Or Sexually, Please Do Not Read Any Further Or You Will Be Offended
(Probably).

(5)  Disclaimer Five:  The Author Of This Story Wishes To Remain
Anonymous, However I Retain All Copy Rights.


Mothers and Sons Series (Story Three)
The Fog

Kathy and Larry Kinslow were sitting around the pool with their son,
Ray and his friend, John.  It was a hot, sultry Saturday afternoon and
Kathy's ineffectual bikini left little to the imagination.  Its
brevity displayed her lovely body beautifully.  She had large, round,
perfectly shaped breasts while the rest of her body was enough to make
a man drool.  She was a perfect charmer for her thirty eight years,
from her billowing mane of auburn hair down to her dainty little toes
decorated with soft pink nail polish. 

The sides of the bikini bottom were highcut revealing almost all of
her tawny thighs while the front bulged out provocatively hinting at
the abundant growth of pubic hair underneath.  As she lay sunning
herself in the scorching afternoon sun, she noticed, somewhat proudly
that her son's friend couldn't keep from staring at her partially
covered mammaries.  The tiny bikini top did little to conceal her
bulging breasts from the boy's roaming eyes as it only covered the
big, dusky areola.  The big nipple bulged out brazenly obvious. 
Her son, Ray was a freshman in college and had invited his friend down
for the weekend.  John was a year or two ahead of Ray in college, and
seemed much more mature.  She wondered if John had an erection, but
she couldn't see because he was floating around the pool, face down on
a rubber dragon.

Around four O'clock, Kathy sat up sending her big, firm breasts into
convulsions of movement much to the boy's delight.  Smiling
mischievously, she stood up and stepped over to where her husband lay.
"Honey, I think I'm going to go upstairs for a while," she told him,
"would you like to join me?"

"Sure thing," he replied, sitting up, "its getting too hot out here."
She could feel the boy's eyes on her ass as she strolled across the
patio.  She clenched her round, firm ass making it quiver enticingly
with each step she took.  She knew that her long legs were the envy of
many women in the neighborhood. 

"Do we have any marijuana left?" She smiled, letting her hand brush
the bulge in her husbands bathing trunks, "I feel like a smoke and a
poke."

"Sure," he grinned at her, fondling her round ass as they walked up
the stairs, "but what about the boys?"

"They'll just have to get their own," she laughed, reaching behind her
and untying her bikini top.

"Whatever you say," he said, watching her big, perfect breasts spill
out into the open, bobbling and wiggling as she walked, "God, you have
the most beautiful breasts in the world."

"You really think so," she smiled coyly.

Closing the door, Kathy sauntered over to the couch while Larry got
the marijuana and joined her.  They sat on the couch, kissing and
smoking, passing the smokes back and forth until they were blitzed. 
As they lit up the fifth toke, they heard the door open.  

Kathy turned and saw her son and his friend staring at her with silly
grins on their faces.

"What do you two boys want?" she finally grinned back at them,
oblivious to the fact that she no longer wore her bikini top and her
bare breasts were prominently exposed for their pleasure. 

Her son's friend, John was openly staring at her for some reason and
her son, Ray was staring at her with a confused expression on his
face.  

"We just cme dwn to see wht you wr dn," Ray stammered, not moving from
the doorway.

"Well come on in and join ush," she muttered, patting the couch beside
her, sending her gorgeous breasts into convulsions of wiggling flesh.
Seizing the opportunity, John hurriedly stepped around Ray and rushed
over to the couch.  Flouncing down beside her, he openly ogled her
big, swollen breasts.

Turning to look at John, Kathy realized that something was wrong, but
still couldn't figure it out. She almost felt like an animal in a zoo,
being stared at by all of them.  Fuzzy headed from the marijuana, she
realized that she was surrounded by the three males.  The marijuana
had transported them back to a primitive time.  Back to a time that
was without society's mores and ethics.  Her head spun as she tried to
figure out what was happening in the hallucinatory world where she had
ended up.  As if in a fog, she turned and looked over at the biggest
male sitting beside her.  He had a funny grin on his face as he
reached down and slipped his hand inside of  the thing she wore around
her woman-place.  Confused at what was happening, she turned to the
younger male sitting by her.  He was leering at her hungrily.  Then,
she felt the big male ease his finger into her woman-thing.

Suddenly, she felt sexually excited by the presence of the males.  The
room seemed to reek of the primal smell of sex.  Then she felt the big
male nipping at her ear and her woman-place started to leak out its
readiness.  Now the aroma of her sex became overpowering.  She closed
her eyes for a moment to enjoy the feel of his finger sliding in and
out of her as he nibbled on her ear.  Slowly opening her eyes, she
turned back around to the younger male who was sitting beside her.
Looking down at his lap, she saw that his manthing was sticking up
under the thing he wore around his waist.  A feeling of unreality and
excitement washed over her.  She knew that the male with his finger
inside her was her mate, but who was the smaller male?   Secretly, she
admired the young male and admitted that his arousal was exciting to
her.  She could feel her oesterus grow as the big male started sliding
his finger in and out of her hot, wet woman-place faster and faster.
Turning back around to her mate,  she reached down and pulled the
cloth thing he wore down off his big manthing.  Her mates large, fat
mancock now jutted up out of his hairy groin, hard and stiff as she
wrapped her hand around it and began stroking it roughly.  As she ran
her hand up and down on his man-penis, she saw movement out of the
corner of her eye.  Turning around, she saw that the third male had
joined them and was now sitting on the floor in front of her.  The
younger males' eyes were watching her stroke her mate's male-thing.
Somewhere, deep in the recesses of her mind, she thought that the
smaller male sitting in front of her was somehow related to her, but
she couldn't remember how he was related.  Still befuddled by the
effects of the smoke, she smiled down at him and watched as he offered
her another  piece of burning limb they had been smoking.  Taking it,
she watched him put another one in his mouth and suck on it.
Mirroring his action, she smoked hers just like he did.  She kept
smoking until the  room began to swirl around her again.  There was so
much smoke in the air now she didn't even have to use the weed.
Inhaling deeply, she drifted farther and farther back in time. After a
while, the littlest male took the burning stick from her hand.  Dizzy,
she leaned back and felt her mate lean over her.  Pushing his mouth
down onto hers, he kissed her long and hard.  The kiss fanned the
glowing embers in her woman-place hotter and hotter as her mate's
tongue probed the inside of her mouth and his finger assaulted her
secret place.  Then out of the fog of boiling about inside of her
head, she felt a hand on her breast.  The hand was too small for her
mate, so she knew it had to be one of the smaller males.  Her face
still mashed against her mates', she blindly reached out to find out
who it was.  She found that the young male sitting beside her, the one
not related to her, had taken her breast in his hands and was lovingly
squeezing and playing with it.  Not able to decide whether to repulse
his advances or not, she let him fondle her breast, gently flicking
her big, hard nipple back and forth with his fingers.  What would her
mate think if he caught the little male doing this to her, she
wondered.

She was growing more and more aroused as she stroked her mate's huge
hardness faster and faster.  As she did, she felt her mate's finger
digging into her harder and harder while the other male squeezed and
fondled her more and more insistently.  Then suddenly she felt someone
slowly easing her loin cloth down her legs.  Glancing down, she saw
that the small male at her feet had pulled her loin cloth down.  This
exposed her mate's hand moving up and down as he finger-fucked her.
Softly the hands kept pulling the tiny strip of cloth down until it
slipped off over her dainty feet and she sat on the couch as naked as
the animal she had become.  She could hear her mate panting excitedly
as she continued to stroke his thick, jutting hardness.  She knew that
she could easily make him cum anytime she wanted.  Slowing the
movement of her hand on him, she prolonged his pleasure.  As she
slowly stroked her mate, she secretly reached over to the male sitting
beside her and found the bulge in the young male's lap.  She heard him
wheeze ashtmatically as her hand found his boy thing through the
cloth.  Then as she groped and grappled the smaller male's boy thing,
she felt his loin cloth slip down and the boy's manthing jump into her
hand.  Looking down, she saw that the other smaller sitting at her
feet had undressed the other young male.  With her hand wrapped around
the smaller boy-cock, she began stroking it roughly.  Now holding both
of the males cocks in her hands, she stroked them.  Then she felt her
mate's loincloth being pulled down off his jutting hardness.  His
giant cock was now free of its tight constraints.  She didn't even
have to look to see who had done it as she slid her hands up and down
the bloated cylinders of man-meat.

Still stroking both of the male's stiff, hard cocks, she slowly bent
down over the big male's cock and  licked the huge purple penis-head.
Kissing and licking it for several seconds, she finally sucked the
bulging cockhead into her mouth. Gently nipping and biting on the
golf-ball sized penis-head, she sucked and pulled on it as her hand
began to slide up and down it faster and harder.  As she jacked him
off, she felt him lean back on the couch, his breathing rapidly
becoming fast and irregular.  Sucking harder and harder, she raked her
tongue over the little spot just below the head of his cock, sending
him headlong into a gigantic orgasm.  As she shucked her hand up and
down his pulsating cock, she felt his cock jump and jerk as it began
to spew its seed laden cream into her sucking mouth.  Spurt after
spurt, his dick spit its sticky white hotness into her mouth as she
swallowed and swallowed its creamy discharge.  Still her hand flew up
and down the giant slab of meat as it continued disgorge its virulent
load into her mouth.

At last, it finally it stopped shooting off and she let it slip out of
her mouth.  Looking up at her mate, she saw that he had fallen back on
the couch and looked like he had passed out.

Ignoring her mate's dilemma, she now turned to the younger male
sitting beside her.  Her hand still held his boy thing and she quickly
began to jerk it up and down.  The male was breathing with difficulty
and his face was turning red as she pounded her fist up and down on
him.  Suddenly, she bent down over the young male's distended
man-weapon.  She heard his gasp in anticipation.  Opening her mouth,
she gently sucked almost half of the boy's eight inches penis into her
mouth in one swift plunge.  Quickly closing her mouth down over him,
she began to suck on him as hard as she could as her hand wandered
down to his dangling balls.  Lifting and playing with the tight
spheres within their fleshy sac, she hungrily sucked and slurped on
his bulging cock as she felt his body tighten in a pre-eruption spasm
of unadulterated pleasure.  As she sucked on him, she could hear his
breathing become more and more ragged as he rapidly lost control of
his ejaculation mechanism.  Then suddenly, she heard him bellow out in
exultation as his big boy-cock bucked and began to spurt his young,
immature cream into her mouth.  Sucking as hard as she could, she
still couldn't keep up with his gushing cock. Soon his cock was coated
with the overflow of his semen as it flowed out of her mouth and down
onto the shaft of the boy's cock.  Still it came, gusher after gusher
of thick, pearly cream until at last, with one feeble little lurch, it
stopped.  As it stopped, she felt his whole body go limp and he
slumped back onto the couch.  Slowly lifting her dripping mouth from
his rapidly shrinking boy-cock, she saw that both of the males on the
couch had passes out.

She suddenly realized that her woman-thing was on fire and she needed
a manthing to put out the fire.

Turning away from the younger male, she found the other young male
still sitting on the floor in front of her. He was offering her
another burning stick.  She remembered that she had gotten
light-headed when she smoked the burning stick earlier. Now as she
stared down at him, she remembered that this smaller male was her own
offspring.  Her son.  Her first born male offspring.  Not wanting to
rebuff him, she took the smoking stick from him and leaned back to
smoke it.  She watched him staring at her adoringly as she smoked the
stick.  It took several moments for her to comprehend that he was
naked too.  Then she saw that he was gently stroking himself as he
gazed up at her longingly.  She sat smoking and watching him slide his
hand up and down his manthing for several moments before it registered
how big his boy-thing was.  She coughed, choking on the smoke from
stick as she gawked at her son's gigantic penis.  She couldn't believe
the size of the monstrous penis jutting up out of her son's almost
hairless groin.  Her mate's penis was huge, she thought, but the penis
sticking out of her son's belly was gigantic.  Thinking that the
marijuana had distorted her vision, she drunkenly turned and stared at
the other boys dormant cock and then back to her son's enormity.  Her
son's penis was more than twice the size of the other boy's normal
sized cock.   As she stared at her offspring's towering maleness, she
knew that it must be more than a foot long.  She nearly dropped the
burning stick as her fingers became numb.  Sensing her surprise, her
son reached up and took the stick from her hand before she burned
herself.  Snuffing it out, he waited.  They stared at each other for
several moments, seemingly incapable of movement.  

She knew that she must be in a state of shock.  The adrenaline from
the shock seemed to clear her mind just a little.  As it did, she was
transported forward in time, back to future.  Shaking her head, she
realized that she had just sucked off her husband and her son's best
friend right in front of him.  Now both of them were sitting in front
of each other without a stitch of clothes on.  

While she sat staring at him, he continued to slowly stroke himself.
She watched his eyes as they moved from one of her breasts to the
other and then down to the furry mound of kinky auburn hair that hid
her woman-place from him.  

She sat motionless, not knowing what to do.  She knew that her
woman-place was on fire and aching for a manthing.  Her son's manthing
was hers for the taking, but that was incest.  While she had performed
an obscene sex act in front of him, she still hadn't committed the
most forbidden of sex acts.  She hadn't committed incest with her son.
Mothers and sons weren't supposed to make love to each other, she told
herself.  Still she couldn't keep from staring  at her son's
magnificent penis.  It was beautiful and at the same time, wickedly
evil.  She watched with fascination as he slowly moved his hand away
from it.  It jutted up, erect and rigid, gently pulsing back and forth
with each heart beat.  She still couldn't believe how large it was as
she let her eyes lovingly caress the forbidden monster.  

As she gawked at his maleness, she felt her hand lift of its own
accord.  As if it belonged to another person, she watched it float out
toward her son's pulsing colossus pulling her toward him as it did.
Closer and closer it went until at last it timidly touched the soft
firmness of its purple capped mushroom.  The instant her finger
touched him, her son gradually rose up on his knees, forcing his
gigantic boy-cock into her hand.  Now, standing on his knees in front
of his mother, he once again waited. Responding to his suggestive
move, she delicately traced the outline of his penis with her finger.
Her finger slowly circled around the firm, purple cap of maleness and
then crept down one side of the ribbed pink shaft that bristled with
many, throbbing, pulsing blood vessels.  The finger continued,
dropping down to his great, dangling testicles and the back up the
other side to the bloated purple cockhead.  Feeling the pulsing blood
vessels that kept blood pumping into the monster and kept it from
toppling under its own weight, she let her finger wander back down to
its furry base.

Lifting her hand, she let the finger retrace its path back up until it
rested on his bulging purple cockhead.  Now that she had touched her
son, she still didn't know if she dared do more.  Time seemed to stop
as she let her hand drop away from his bounding cock.  Then almost
imperceptibly, she leaned forward toward the boy's jutting manhood
inch by inch.  Drawn toward it by a powerful magnetism, she leaned
forward, her soft, full lips moving closer and closer to him.  Her son
seemed to stop breathing as he watched her draw closer and closer to
his maleness.  Then, just as she reached him, they were both startled
by a loud groan from Larry. 

Kathy fell back from her son's thrusting cock as if she had been
knocked back by some unseen force. Her son reacted similarly and
nearly falling over backward as he recoiled away from her.  Turning,
they both glared over at Larry only to find he had only groaned in his
sleep.

Without saying a word, Kathy scooted forward on the couch and woozily
wobbled to her feet.  Standing above her son, she turned and looked at
both of the other men lying on the couch to make sure that they were
still unconscious. Satisfied that they were, she extended her hand
down to her son.  Helping him up, she took him in her arms and looked
deeply into his eyes as if asking him if they should continue.  What
she saw affirmed what she already knew in her heart of hearts.  There
was no stopping it now that they had gone this far.  Turning quietly,
they stole out of the room.

Silently padding down the hallway, hand in hand, they tottered past
the master bedroom as she pulled him down to his room.  Opening the
door, Kathy led her son inside. Stopping for a moment to look back out
into the hallway, she softly closed the door behind them and slowly
walked over to his bed.  He followed her and watched her crawl into
his bed.  

Easing down onto his bed, she gracefully rolled over onto her back.
Slowly, seductively, she began to deliberately spread her legs apart,
inch by inch.  Her son stood watching her slowly spread her legs apart
as he waited.  His eyes were focused on her soft underbelly as she
opened herself  for him wider and wider.  She was highly aroused.  Her
soft inner thighs were now coated with her love-nectar.  Then, like a
delicate, beautiful pink rose blooming, her most secret of places
unfolded, revealing itself to him.  Reaching down, she gently spread
the soft, silken lips of her womanhood gradually exposing the deep,
wet mystical core of her very being.  Wider and wider, she spread
herself, opening her inner sanctum wider and wider.  Finally she had
spread her legs wide open.  She now lay waiting for her son to make
the final move.  She knew that she had led him to this point and for
what they were about to do, they would share the blame together.  She
knew that within moments, the mother-son bond would be torn asunder.
Or it would be fused together so tightly no one would ever be able to
separate it.  Looking up at him as he stood at her feet, she could
almost feel his uncertainty.  Even though she was his mother, he
seemed to be in command of the situation.  Yet he still seemed
incapable of taking the final, momentous step.  She knew that he must
be torn between desire for her and respect for her.  He seemed
paralyzed and unable to take the final step.  

At last, realizing that he was incapable of acting on his own, she
reached up to his bobbing cock and gently took hold of it.  Looking
into his eyes, she could see the love flowing between them.  Then, she
gently tugged on his manthing, coaxing him to crawl up between her
outstretched legs.  

At last he moved, staring down at the frothy slash between her legs as
she guided his throbbing manhood down toward it.  Both of them were
frightful of what the next few moments would bring.  But, neither of
them would stop it.  It must happen.  They must be fused together in
passionate love and quiet the raging storm inside their brains.  Then,
she felt his great cockhead touch the fragile softness of the opening
to her seething caldron of delight.  She lurched back, feeling like
she had been touched by a current of electricity.  Her velvety soft
skin was so hot, she hoped it wouldn't burn his sensitive cockhead as
he gradually eased it down into the boiling vat of her vagina.
"OH, MY GOD!" he gasped as his cockhead was immersed in the steaming
heat of her wet vagina.

"UNNNHHHHHHHHHHHNNNN," she groaned in answer as she felt his huge
cockhead slide deeper and deeper into her agonizingly tender
womanhood.

He was huge.  She had never felt so full as her son continued to slide
his cock down into her accommodating pussy.  Would she be able to take
all of his gigantic penis?  Trying to relax as much as she could, she
could still feel the tight ring of muscles encircling her cunt being
stretched to their very limit.

Still, his immense penis intruded deeper and deeper into his mother's
secretiveness, forcing the walls of her vagina to expand more and more
as it plowed through the mushy heat of her vagina.  Looking down at
where their bodies became one, she saw that more than half of his
thick, heavy cock had been swallowed up by her ravenous cunt and it
continued to slip into her. 

"More, More, Baby, More, More," she cried out, urging him to keep on
pushing his cock into her.

She was determined to take every inch of his majestic penis.  Deeper
and deeper it slithered.  Groaning and grunting, both of them coaxed
the other to complete the dirty deed.  

At last, his belly ground down into hers and she knew that she had
taken all fourteen inches of his cock inside her burning womanhood. 
The realization that he had his whole cock buried inside of his
mother's deep, wonderfully wet and hot pussy proved to be too much for
him.  His cock immediately began lurching and spurted out a gigantic
geyser of his burning hot cum into her.  

"OH, FUCKING JESUS," she grunted as she felt the lining of her vagina
being drenched by the incandescent stream of her son's thick, creamy
cum.

The shock of his white-hot sperm spilling out into her burning vagina
sent her plunging down into the deepest abyss of womanly gratification
she had ever felt.  It was like being thrust down into a bottomless
pit of pure animalistic pleasure.  Every pore of her body seemed to be
afire with the stabbing pangs of joy as she plummeted deeper and
deeper into the vortex of her orgasm.  

The instant his cock had jerked and erupted inside of her, she had
clamped her meaty pussy down around his cock pulling him deeper into
his own orgasm.  As they climaxed simultaneously, her pussy squeezed
and milked his penis as he shot volley after volley of his virulent
boy cream into her.  Again and again, his cock recharged itself and
squirted its life's juices into her accepting womanhood until finally
it could produce no more and stopped.  As his cock stopped spurting
inside of her, she slowly loosened her pussy's tight grip on his cock.
Luxuriating in the warm, drunken afterglow of their lovemaking, they
waited for his cock to begin to shrink and retreat from the hot,
clutching sheath of her vagina.  Waiting, she gently caressed his cock
with her vaginal muscles and was surprised when his cock didn't
shrink.  Amazed by his stamina, she felt her ardor quickly revived.
"Oh, MY Baby," she purred, running her hands down his back and cupping
the cheeks of his ass, pulling him into her deeper, "Fuck me with your
wonderful, huge cock."

As he heard the perversion spill from his mother's mouth, he felt his
cock lurch inside of her.  Wanting to please her, he slowly withdrew
his long, dripping love-sword from the overflowing gash of her
femininity before roughly driving it back inside her.  Backing out of
her again, he quickly rammed his full fourteen inches back into the
hot, cum-coated sheath of her vagina with such force, she grunted.  In
no time Ray was sawing his heavy, thickness in and out of the weeping
slit of her vagina with a vengeance.  Both of them relished the feel
of his young, virulent cock plowing in and out of her embracing
womanhood.  She had never had so much man inside of her before.  The
fact that the man was a boy and the boy was her boy sent perverse
chills of wickedness rushing up and down her spine.  She loved the way
he buried himself all the way to the hilt with every thrust.  Kathy
felt like her son's enormous cock was impaling her so deeply it was
forcing the air out of her lungs every time he drove it home into her.

"Oh, Anhhhh, You're, Anhhhhh, So, Anhhhhh, Fucking, Anhhhhhh, Big,"
she groaned between his thrusts.

"I'm, Unhhhhh, Not Hurting, Unhhhhh, You, Unhhhhhh, Am I?" he grunted
in between each penetrating stab of his cock.

"Oh, Anhhhhh, God, Anhhhhhh, NO, Anhhhhhh, I, Anhhhhhhh, LOVE,
Anhhhhhh, IT." she blurted out emphatically as he continued hammering
his cock into her hot, willing, grabbing tunnel of love.

She was so wet and slippery, she could hear his giant cock slurping in
and out of her as he fucked her mercilessly.  She could even feel his
great dangling balls slapping her upturned ass every time he buried
himself into her.  She was squirting out so much stuff, it was
splattering all over the place by his slapping balls.  Time seemed to
dissolve into a fog of ecstasy as they fucked and fucked.  Neither of
them knew how long they had been fucking and neither of them cared.
The only thing on their minds was the pure, unadulterated sexual
pleasure that was pouring from where their bodies became one.

"Oh,Baby,Anhh,I,Anhh,Love,Anhh,the,Anhh,way,Anhh,You,Anhh,Fuck,Anhh,ME,"
she wailed as he proceeded to drive his huge manhood in and out of her
sodden hole.

Without pausing a beat, her son gently reached down and hooked his
arms under her legs and lifted them higher and higher until her
femininity was totally vulnerable to his assault.  Now with her legs
pressing against her breasts, her bruised and battered womanhood was
totally at his mercy.  He could drive his horrendous python even
deeper into sodden depths of her drooling love-wound.

"Anmhhh,I'm,Ahnnnnn,GOING,Ahnhhhh,TO,AhFUck,CUM,Ahmmmmm,Sooooon," she
gushed out as her son's cock tore into at a furious pace.
He was fucking her so hard and she was spewing out so much juice,
musky froth was flying everywhere.  Thick gobs of fuck cream dripped
from her son's brick hard stomach as he slapped himself into her.  In
and out, in and out, like a runaway freight train, he fucked his
mother like there would never be another chance.

Suddenly, Kathy felt her son rip his cock into her so hard, it shook
her teeth and she felt every muscle in his body lock into such
rigidity, she feared for his life.  Holding himself mashed against her
with his elephantine penis thrust as deeply into her vagina as
possible, she waited for him to ejaculate inside of her.  Then she
felt it.  His already huge cock, swelled inside of her, stretching the
already overstretched walls of her stuffed vagina to the point of
pain, for just a moment before she felt him explode inside of her.
The force and volume of her son's expulsion of cum were so great that
she felt like someone had kicked her in the pussy as the spout of
boiling syrup shot out into her.

This suddenly triggered another orgasm of her own as she thrust
herself against him, wanting to take all of  him and more.  Clenching
and grabbing at his cock with the powerful muscles surrounding her
cunt, she milked and pulled on his cock mercilessly.  Swelling up and
lurching every four or five seconds, her son's mighty love-weapon shot
load after load of his thick, white cream into her until her pussy was
so full the creamy mess came pouring out of her like a river.  Still
the boy's giant engine spurted more and more of his thick, potent
semen into his mother.

"Oh, God, my balls are on fire," he gasped as his gonads cramped and
stopped delivering cum to his cock.  

Still he kept thrusting himself down into her as the muscles in her
vagina relaxed and she came drifting back down from her own orgasmic
flight.

This time, she felt the boy's giant slowly begin to deflate and
retreat back down the battered channel of her pussy.  Ever so slowly,
the thick, round tube of boy-flesh withered inside of her and slipped
down her slippery tunnel of love.

Gradually withdrawing from his mother, Ray gently let her legs down
onto the bed.  Still backing away from her, he let his shrunken
boy-thing slowly slip out of her foamy slit.

"Oh, My, Fucking God," Kathy murmured, reaching down and tentatively
probing her dripping slit, "I love your rich, sweet cream.  It is so
hot and creamy."

"I've never came that much all at once," Ray blushed snuggling up
against his mother and gently kissing one big, rubbery nipple.  "I
felt like I never wanted to stop cumming inside of you.  It just so
good I couldn't make it stop."

"I know lover," she smiled at him, "but, as potent and powerful as
your beautiful sweet cream is, I can't let it stay inside of me or
I'll have your baby.  We surely can't have that."

"Oh, Okay," Ray muttered, surprised at his mother's sudden lucidity.
"Do you have any more marijuana?" she asked him as she rolled over to
the edge of his bed and sitting up.  

"Sure," he yawned, pointing to his nightstand, "there's some in
there."

"Do you mind if I have one," she asked him, leaning over and easing
open the drawer.

"Of Course not," he said, idly watching the way her big, lovely tits
wiggled and shook as she reached into the drawer, "take as many as you
want."

"Thank You, Lover," she smiled at him, taking a couple of the tokes.
"I'll repay you some day."

"That'll be nice," he yawned again, hardly able to keep his eyes open.
Lighting one of the tokes, Kathy took a long, deep drag on the
cigarette.  Holding it in her lungs, she struggled to her feet and
tried to stand up.  She had to hold onto the bed as she tried to gain
her balance.  The effects of the marijuana and the aftermath of her
remarkable orgasm had left her weak and shaky.

At last she was able to cautiously walk to his bathroom.  Her knees
were wobbly and threatened to give way at any second, but she finally
made it.  Still smoking her toke, she sat down on his toilet and began
to urinate, washing away some of her son's thick, gooey cum.  She knew
that she needed to get to her bidet if she was going to rid herself of
the gargantuan deposit of cum that he had left inside of her.

Finishing her cigarette and already feeling the soft, blissful fog
moving back into her brain, she carefully stood up and stumbled back
out into his bedroom.  Shuffling over to his bed, she saw that he was
already asleep.  Without waiting, she continued to lurch across his
room and on down to her bedroom.  Making it over to her nightstand,
she lit her other toke and tottered into her bathroom.  Sitting down
on her bidet, she quickly washed the last of her son's pearly thick
cream from her pussy. 

Reeling from the effects of the marijuana, she made it back to her
bed.  Falling on it, she leaned over and snuffed out the butt of her
second marijuana cigarette.  Lying on the bed, naked, she suddenly
felt herself falling asleep.

As she slept, she dreamed of her son and his great, long cock.  She
could almost feel his wonderful thick manthing inside of her as she
dreamed, but it seemed to be smaller.  Still enjoying the feel of his
cock slithering in and out of her woman-thing, she felt herself slowly
waking again.  As she gradually woke, she found that the cock she had
been feeling wasn't a figment of her dream and it wasn't her son's.
As she opened her eyes, she saw the face of her son's friend, John
poised directly above hers.  Raising her head a little, she looked
down between them to see his boy-cock sliding in and out of her pussy
as he smoothly fucked her.  Waking to the feel of a cock sliding in
and out of her pussy was a pleasant experience she thought as she
began to respond to him.  Reaching up, she ran her fingernails down
his back, goading him to fuck her harder as she thrust up into him
every time he plunged his cock into her deep, hot wetness.  She could
feel his hardness roughly pounding into her softness as he fucked her
with quick, vigorous strokes.  She felt herself rising toward another
climax as the boy hammered his cock into her responsive femininity
faster and faster.  His breathing was quickly becoming ragged and
irregular as he sawed his cock in and out of her dripping slash.
Lifting her long, luscious legs, she dug her heels into his ass,
urging him to fuck her faster and deeper. 

Even as he drove his impressive cock into her as hard and deep as he
could, she now felt an itch so deep inside of her pussy, his cock
couldn't reach it.  She knew that it could only be satisfied by  the
deep, penetrating hugeness of her son's giant cock.  How perverse, she
thought, as she kept urging John to fuck her harder and harder, that
she had only been fucked by her son minutes before and now she already
needed him again.  It had been her own fault, she berated herself.
Still, the simple act of thinking about her son and their evil
coupling sent her skittering to the edge of another incredible orgasm.
Just remembering the first wonderful time made her all excited.  It
had taken him almost a minute just to ease all of his huge penis into
her.  The remembrance made her melt inside and she was suddenly
consumed by another fantastic orgasm.  Her whole body began to shake
and quiver as her pussy locked down on John's pistoning cock causing
it to let loose its creamy load into her.

Even though her mind soared above them, she could still feel the boy's
erupting cock spurting blast after blast of white-hot cum into her
cunt as they groveled and ground their bodies together obscenely.
Like two animals copulating, they ground their groins together and
pulled and prodded each other as animal like sounds came from their
mouths.  Finally, after at least a whole minute of grappling together,
John groaned and rolled off her, abruptly jerking his shrinking cock
from her foaming slit.  She didn't look, but she could feel some of
the boy's abundant stuff trickling out her pussy as she felt the need
for another weed.  

Rolling over, she moved over to her nightstand and opened it.  Rifling
through the drawer, she finally found her little bag of smokes.
Taking one out, she lit it and lay back down, blowing the smoke up
into the air.  In a few moments, the sharp wickedness of the night
slowly began to be dulled by the sensual thickness of the marijuana
induced fog she was creating.  

Looking over at John, she saw that he had fallen to sleep again.  She
couldn't believe that this was actually happening.  Maybe it was a
dream after all and she would wake up and it would be all over.
Taking another drag off her weed, she heard the door to the bedroom
open.  Turning and looking toward it, she saw her husband standing in
the door with his cock in his hand.  It was obvious that he was
searching for her as his cock jutted out hard and supremely confident.
Staring at her husband's ten inch cock, she found herself wickedly
comparing it to her son's colossal prick.  It was bizarre that she had
been fucked by her husband's big cock countless times but now it
seemed unfamiliar as her mind raced back to her incestuous encounter
with her son.  Larry's cock was thicker and fatter than Ray's but it
was at least four or five inches shorter that the boy's.  As she
thought about Ray and the way he had made love to her, she felt
herself growing hot inside.  A wicked, drunken  smile on her face,
she snuffed out her cigarette and struggled up to her hands and knees.
Still smiling at her husband lewdly, she turned around until her
beautiful, round derriere was facing him.  She could feel a stream of
John's spent cum trickling down her soft inner thighs, but it only
made her feel sexier as she waggled her butt from side to side
seductively.

"Is this what you're looking for?" she asked him brazenly, watching
him over her shoulder as he quickly strode toward the bed with his
cock slashing back and forth like a sword in a sword fight.  
He didn't answer as he scrambled up behind her.  Grabbing her thigh
with one hand, he held her steady as he guided his bulbous, purple
cockhead up at her waiting womanhood with the other hand.  Feeling him
find her hot, wet slit, she winced as he inserted his cockhead into
the slippery chute of her vagina.  Easing his cock up into the hot,
wet socket, he jerked his hand away and sent the rest of his cock
plunging into her as hard as he could.

"UnHhhhhhhh," she grunted as his huge column of meat sliced into her
cunt.

Driving his cock into her all the way to the hilt, he stopped, holding
himself inside of her.  Luxuriating in the feel of his wife's hot,
dank cunt wrapped around his distended cock, he leaned forward over
her.  Reaching underneath to her heavy, dangling breasts, he gently
squeezed and fondled the drooping mountains of mammary flesh.  Slowly
rotating his hips, he rotated his cock round inside the soft, mushy
insides of her overheated cunt as he toyed and teased her throbbing
nipples.  

Spreading her long legs apart as wide as she could, she thrust herself
back on him, impaling herself as deeply as she could on his hugeness.
Still, try as hard as she could, she couldn't get his cock to the spot
that her son had found earlier in the night.  She could feel her
husband's giant cockhead near it, but stopped just short of it.
Still, he was so big, he pulled her clitoris down and inside of her
cunt, letting it rub up against the ribbed shaft of his cock.
Grinding her ass up against his belly, she still enjoyed the feel of
his thick cock inside of her achingly sensitive cunt as he fiddled
with her big, hard nipples.  Finally needing to feel his rigid cock
rasping over her clitoris, she leaned forward letting his cock
withdraw down the slippery channel of her cunt.  Letting go of her
nipples, he quickly took hold of her thighs with both hands as she
leaned away from him.  Waiting until only the great purple cockhead
remained inside, he jerked her back onto him.  At the same instant, he
thrust into her burying his cock all the way to the hilt inside of the
spongy, sopping core of her pussy.

"Unhhhhhhh," she grunted as the force of the blow momentarily knocked
the breath from her lungs.

Still gripping her hips in his hands, he powerfully shoved her away
from him and abruptly jerked her back onto him again.  Once again he
buried his cock all the way to its limit inside her drooling pussy as
she moaned her approval.  Quickly he began to fuck her from behind
with long, hard, deep strokes sinking his entire cock into her every
time.  Looking down between her swinging breasts, she watched his
thick, pink manhood slash up into her cunt over and over again as she
reveled in the pleasure of it. The ferocity of his thrusts sent his
cock almost to the spot that her son had discovered deep inside of her
pussy.  Hunching back onto him every time he sent his cock ripping
into her cunt, she could almost feel the head of his cock brush
against the tingling sore spot.  Faster and faster, they fucked as
they rushed down the tumultuous road toward another climax.  The
agitated state of her vagina only heightened its sensitivity and her
husband was rapidly stroking her into an orgasm.  Their bodies crashed
together like battling rams as they fucked.  The violence of their
colliding bodies sent splatters of their love jelly flying everywhere
even as far away as the unconscious body of John.  Faster and faster
they fucked, panting and gasping for air as they  hammered their
bodies together until at last sparks seemed to arc from the steaming
point where their bodies were connected.

Groaning in ecstasy, Kathy felt her whole body shaking and quivering
as she felt yet another heart-stopping climax tear into her heart.
Holding her pussy stubbornly plastered against his belly, she felt
Larry's firehose suddenly erupt inside of her, spewing out its potent
gusher of seeds in torrent after torrent of thick, foamy cum.  Jumping
every time she felt his cock spurt another sizzling gusher of his
semen into her, she was catapulted higher and higher on a tidal wave
of climatic pleasure.  They sounded like two cats growling and meowing
as they finished together and finally came floating back down to
earth.

"Oh, My, Fucking God," Larry groaned as he leaned backward and slipped
to the floor, vulgarly jerking his still hard cock from her dripping
cunt and sending drops of cum flying everywhere.

Hearing her husband fall to the floor, Kathy quickly turned around to
help him.  Looking down at him, she saw that he had his eyes closed
and didn't appear to be breathing.  Scrambling down off the bed, she
felt his pulse and found it strong and steady.  He had just passed out
from pure pleasure for the second time tonight.  

Standing above her husband, she once again found her pussy
overflowing.  Reaching down to her nightstand, she picked up another
weed and lit it on her way to the bathroom.  Sitting on the bidet,
smoking her weed, she let the fog of the marijuana slowly drift over
her mind once again, once again dulling the wickedness of the night.
Finally, her vagina cleansed once again and her cigarette down to a
nub, she stood up.  Tossing the butt down into the john, she looked at
her watch and found that it was almost five o'clock in the morning.
Shocked that she had spent the whole night fucking, she stole back to
her nightstand and lit another toke.  This would be her last one of
the day, night, or whatever, she thought as she softly padded out of
the room.  Stopping at the door, she looked back and wondered what
John and Larry would think when they woke up next to each other.
Well, she thought, they started it so they would just have to deal
with it.  

Walking down the hall to the recreation room where it had all started,
she stepped over to the patio door and quietly opened the curtain.
Outside, the sun was just about to come up as she watched the darkness
slowly fade away.  

As she watched, she suddenly felt someone walk up behind her and
gently take her into his arms.  Leaning back against the man, she felt
him tenderly lift her big, pendulous breasts, lovingly fondling the
soft, pliant flesh.  Reaching down, she searched for the man's penis
to find out who it was.  Quickly she found the man's waiting manhood
and knew immediately that she was being held by her son.  Feeling her
son's gigantic penis, she found it hard and ready.  As she softly
stroked his rigid manliness, she felt a perverse twitter inside of her
pussy knowing that is would soon be full of his great cock again.
Then she felt her son grasp his penis and force it between her legs.
She spread her legs apart and felt him guide the great, round cockhead
up into the waiting heat of her cunt.  Spreading her legs even wider,
she felt him slowly ease the entire length of his monstrous cock back
up inside her.  When he had his cock totally buried inside of her, he
stopped and they stood unmoving as he held her in his arms.  Finally,
after several moments, he gently withdrew his cock and spun her around
to face him.   She smashed her lips down onto his, stabbing her tongue
into his mouth.  He pulled her against him roughly, delighting in the
feel of her big, hot breasts smashed against his chest as she ran her
hand up and down his wet, throbbing cock.  

Finally, breaking her lip-lock on him, he scooped his mother up and
carried her over to the couch where the debauchery had begun.  Softly
setting her down on the back of the couch, they happily found that her
pussy was at the same level as his jutting cock.  Quickly, he lifted
his mother's long, beautiful legs up as she held onto his shoulders.
She reached down to the swollen head of his bounding cock and
hurriedly pulled it to her slavering cunt.  Feeling it find the
opening of her hot, sultry cunt, he hunched his hips forward sending
his cock rushing into the tight confines of her cunt.  

"Oh, Fucking, God, You, Found, It, Again," she moaned as she felt
herself blasting away on another climax as her son's cockhead pounded
into her secret place and igniting her again.

She couldn't believe that she was having an orgasm.  He had just put
his cock into her and she had rocketed off again.  How could such a
thing happen?
Seeing that she had tripped off into another climax, Ray rapidly began
to fuck her with deep, hard strokes, filling her to the brim with
every lunge.  In and out, in and out his cock went, faster and faster
not even giving her time to come down from her climatic high.  She was
still climaxing as he fucked her and the pleasure was growing greater
the more he fucked her.  Suddenly, without warning, she heard Ray
groan and send his cock into her as deep and hard as he could.  She
could feel his cock lurch and send a fountain of his cum spurting into
her just as she felt herself losing consciousness.  The last thing she
felt was falling toward her son as he held her impaled on his spewing
cock. 

The sun glaring into her eyes woke her.  Afraid to open her eyes, she
waited,  trying to piece together what had happened last night.  She
could remember bits and pieces, like how she had masturbated and
sucked off her husband and Ray's friend, John at the same time while
Ray watched.  How would she be able to look her son in the eye again?
Finally she slowly opened her eyes.  Looking around, she saw that she
was in bed with her husband, Larry.  The bed had been turned down and
they were under the covers like nothing had happened.  Searching the
room, she found nothing amiss that would even hint at the revelry that
had taken place.  Seeing that her husband was still asleep, she
quietly slipped out of bed.  Her pussy still ached so she knew that
something had happened, but maybe she had dreamed most of it.
Slipping into a gown, she silently crept out of the bedroom and walked
down to the recreation room.  Peeking inside, she once again saw no
evidence of anything out of the ordinary.  Stealing across the room,
she walked up to the couch where she had thought she had been fucked
by her son.  She could see no evidence of it happening until she
looked closely.  Even then she could only find a slight dampness where
someone had gone to great pains to remove any evidence.

Turning and walking back down the hallway, she slipped up to Ray's
door and peeked into her son's room.  She saw that he was asleep on
the bed and his friend was asleep in his sleeping bag on the other
side of the bed.  Seeing that they were both asleep, she tiptoed over
to the bed and looked down at her son.  Could it all have been a
dream, she wondered as she watched the even rise and fall of his
chest.  She couldn't stop her eyes from wandering down to her son's
groin as she searched for evidence to prove or disprove her dream.
Seeing the outline of her son's large cock, she realized that it must
have happened.  How else could she know how big he was?  Wanting to be
totally certain, she reached down and slowly lifted the sheet up away
from her son's hidden warrior.  The instant his cock was uncovered,
there was no doubt in her mind.  It hadn't been a dream.  He was huge,
just like he remembered.  As she stood staring at his gigantic
manhood, she suddenly felt a hand on her leg, creeping up under her
gown.  

Looking up, she saw that he was awake and was running his hand up
toward her womanhood.  Confused, she didn't know what to do as she
felt his hand find her secret grotto and gently explore it.  Still
holding the sheet up, she didn't move until she felt her son ease a
finger up into her burning womanhood.  Feeling her knees grow weak
with desire, she spread her legs apart as he eased a second finger
into her and began to finger fuck her wet, dripping slit.  Not able to
stop herself, she reached down to his giant cock and roughly stroked
it as her son drove his fingers in and out of her quickly.  The sheer
wickedness of their actions drove her to a climax within seconds.
Dropping the sheet, she covered her mouth with her hands to keep from
waking John as her body shook and jerked with pleasure.  Her pussy had
locked down on her son's fingers and tightly squeezed them as her body
was wracked with wave after wave of intense gratification.  Finally,
she felt her climax ending and she gently pushed her son's hand away
from her sopping pussy.  She could feel her excitement running down
her legs as she bent down and kissed her son on the mouth, lovingly.
"I'll be here for you tonight," she whispered, taking his wet hand in
hers and squeezing it, "Okay?"

"I'll try to wait that long," he returned reaching up and fondling one
of her drooping breasts.

"It will be wonderful," she smiled softly, standing up and slowly
slipping out of his room.

The End (?)

Happy Reading from Baron DArkside...:)
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
