        Sir John sat reading in his armchair, a large book in his lap. It 
is a beautifully illustrated colection of some of his favorite bondage tales.
It was in the early evening and he had changed into a robe and 
slippers.

        "Here is your brandy, Sir John...Oops!" said Marie, the maid. As
she bent to set his drink on the table next to him, the glass slipped 
from her hand and spilled across his lap.

        "That's the last time that I let your bumbling go unpunished!" 
shouted John. "Such ineptitude is inexecusable. I have half a mind to 
throttle you senseless."

        Then he takes her, yanks up her skirt, spanks her over his lap 
as he had always been meaning to do. Marie wears no panties tonight.
she squirms and kicks. He feels her hot pussy. She is turned on and 
oozing. He pulls her to feet, takes a short cord and ties her wrists 
together behind her back. He takes the sash belt from around the 
waist of his robe and quickly fashions a noose in one end. "You don't 
comprehend the seriousness of your predicament, my dear!" he says. 
"I'm going to make you do a little dance. Perhaps a good hanging 
will give you something to think about!" He holds her fast while she 
protests, and he slips the noose over her head, lifts her long hair up 
and through the loop, and then snugs the cord around her neck. He 
grabs her by the hips and lifts her up onto a footstool that he has slid 
underneath the edge of a balcony that looks out onto the library. 
"Now, a moment to fix the cord before you take flight, my careless 
girl!" He steps up onto the stool next to her, and passed the cord 
around one of the balcony rails. He pulls it until all the slack is gone 
and the noose is tugging at her neck, then he ties the cord with a slip 
knot. 

        He steps down to admire his work. His robe falls slightly open 
to reveal his hard prick throbbing. He steps forward and grabs her 
firmly on the ass. She looks down at him full of fear and with wide 
eyes. He holds her butt tightly with one hand and slides his hand up 
her thigh. Then in one move he tugs her skirt and panties down her 
legs. They fall at her feet on the stool. Her blouse he unbuttons with 
nimble fingers. he pushes it down around her pinioned arms. Her bra 
fastens in the front, so it is quickly unfastened and joins her blouse. 
Her breasts slip free and sag slightly downward. He squeezes each of 
her nipples gently until it stands erect. "Sir John, please!"

        He strokes her pussy lips lightly with his finger tips. She is wet 
and feels a nasty excitement. She is scared by what she thinks he 
wants to do, yet she is also somehow excited by her fear. He slips a 
finger between her lips and strokes her cunt.

        She squirms about trying to stand upright, yet wanting to
crouch down and spread her legs. The noose tugs at her throat. "Oh, 
please sir, Let me down!" she moans. "Please, you don't mean to hang 
me, do you? Certainly, it is a jest of yours, sir." 

        He adds another finger to his insistent prodding, and strokes
her inner walls with more vigor. "Why certainly I will let you down, 
Marie, but only after you've had some time to stretch that pretty 
slender neck of yours. Are you ready for your hanging, my sweet? 
The moment is at hand!" He slid his fingers from her, and slowly 
pushed the rolling footstool behind her. She was force to take a small 
step across the top of the stool and then her final step. As she 
realised that there was nothing for her to step onto, she whimpered 
in fright. She stepped into space and hung by her neck. The noose 
pulled much tighter about her throat and choked off her whimpers 
into faint gurgles. Her shoes slip from her feet and fall to the floor 
beneath her. Her toes point down and wave vainly back and forth in 
an attempt to reach some footing. As she twisted slowly about on the 
end of the rope, she lifts one leg, then the other, thinking to step 
back onto the footstool. As she does so, she opens her thighs to reveal 
her puffy excited pussy lips and the hard throbbing clit they frame.

        She feels her face reddening and her pulse pounding. Her arms 
struggle and her breasts wobble back and forth with her efforts. Her 
clit feels like it is swelling larger. Sir John stands next to her, 
watching her increasingly frantic contortions. His prick stands out 
from his waist, jerking with each of his heartbeats. She starts to kick 
now, becoming more desparate as she strangles. Her kicking tightens 
the noose further, choking her gurgles into silence. Now her struggle 
is more frantic and rapid. She gives spastic little kicks and her arms 
are tightly straining at the bonds. She feels her pussy clenching 
strongly at nothing, squeezing down rythmically. The throbbing 
grows and as her vision starts to go red she feels the orgasm coming. 
Her body arches stiffly taut, her toes curl up tight, and then she 
shakes with the unexpected release. Her body twitches and jerks 
helplessly as she cums. 

        Sir John tugs the slip knot and catchs the half unconscious girl 
as she falls. He loosens the noose and carries her over to the sofa 
where he props her up. She gasps for breath, and shudders as she 
feels a pins-and-needles sensation across her body. John rapidly 
kneels before her, lifts up her legs, and sinks his rock hard cock into 
her juicy tight cunt. A few hard strokes are all that are required to 
send him over the brink. He groans loudly and his prick jumps and 
spurts copiously into her cunt. 
