                               THE BANK

        Walking into the bank, he was still nervous about his new 
found powers of mind control.  He never thought in his wildest 
dreams that life could be so easy, or so decadent.  As he pretended to 
fill out a deposit slip, he scanned the various tellers to see who would 
be worthy of his attentions.  But first a test.  He never tried anything 
himself without a test.  Since his experience on the subway, he had 
learned to be wary of the rare person who was somehow immune to 
his influence.
        He threw the mental 'control net' over the whole bank to alter 
the mental states of all who were there and all who would enter.  No 
one was to take notice of anything that was to happen.  He scanned 
carefully and decided upon two people, a middle aged brunette and 
the security guard.  The woman was around 40 but VERY attractive.  
You could tell that she took pride in her appearance.  She wore a 
yellow business suit, black stockings and high heels.  Her hips were 
rounded with a small waist.  He hesitated to mess up her make up, 
but then he saw that the security guard was an older man, around 
60.  He probably hadn't had anything exciting in a while.  That was to 
change.
        The woman's name was Ms. Hyde, as indicated by the name 
plate on her counter.  *Ms. Hyde, close your window and walk to...... 
Bill, the security guard*.  Very casually she did so, and walked 
through the buzzer door and across the bank tile floor, ass swaying 
gently, her heels clicking the way high heels do.  Upon reaching Bill 
standing next to the bank front doors, she stopped and simply stood 
expressionless about one foot from Bill.
        *Drop slowly to your knees, unzip his pants and take his cock 
out*  She did so in only the way a woman of experience could.  Ms. 
Hyde slowly sank to her knees and unzipped his navy blue polyester 
pants.  She reached gently into the open fly and.... started to have a 
bit of trouble.  At first he thought that the instructions were 
muddled.  Maybe she was trying to do something else until, she 
succeeded.  My, my, Bill!  Officer Bill was hung like a fucking horse.  
Ms. Hyde was trying to retrieve all of Bill's cock, and all of it she got.  
It hung a good ten inches, with big veins all around it.  There is NO 
way this guy is gonna get this up, he thought.  But still, we'll find out.
        Ms. Hyde knelt in front of Bill staring at his huge cock.  *Start 
stroking it, slowly, on the fifth stroke start sucking on the head*  Ms. 
Hyde did so, taking her somewhat petite hand and stroking Officer 
Bill.  Not much happened until she started to suck on the head.  Bill's 
face suddenly became flushed. *Stroke and suck as much of it as you 
can, make slurping sounds and enjoy it*  Ms. Hyde immediately 
began to suck in earnest, giving Bill probably one of the best blow 
jobs of his life.  The sight of this executive looking woman sucking 
the cock of a security guard she probably never thought twice about 
was a real turn on.
        He scanned the bank.  No one was taking any notice.  Fine.  
Let's finish this test.  *Bill, you're about to cum big*  Immediately the 
veins in Bill's neck stood out.  Ms. Hyde's moans were muffled by the 
wet, deep blow job she was giving.  *Ms. Hyde, you'll suck him deep 
into your throat, swallow the first jet of cum, but keep the rest in 
your mouth and when he's done, dribble it out of your mouth and 
down your chin*  Bill became rigid as he shot his first load into Ms. 
Hydes mouth.  Immediately his cock disappeared into Ms. Hydes 
mouth up to his balls.  Her adams apple bobbed as she swallowed the 
first load, with some enthusiasm.  Bill musta shot three more times 
before letting out a gasp.  His cock made a popping noise as it was 
freed from Ms. Hydes wet mouth.
        Slowly cum began to dribble out of Ms Hyde's mouth, the thick 
goo flowing down her chin and spilling on her white silk blouse.  
Very nice.  everything had gone well.  Now it was his turn.  His 
attention was drawn to Ms. Makawa, a very pretty, petite Japanese 
teller, around twenty three.  Perfect.  Ben climbed over the teller 
counter and inspected her as she continued to count money, stamp 
checks, and scribble on papers.  He glanced over to the door and 
realized he had left Ms. Hyde with raw knees.  *Ms.  Hyde, get up and 
walk back to your teller window.  DON'T wipe your mouth.  Continue 
to do business as usual*  Ms. Hyde did so, continuing to help 
customers, her lips and chin shiny with Bill's fresh cum.
        *Ms. Makawa, get off your chair and stand while you do 
business*  As she did so, he realized what a nice tight ass she had.  
She was only about five feet tall with shoulder length jet black hair.  
*Do you do aerobics?*  'Yes' she answered aloud, 'three times a week'.  
Figured.  She was wearing a flowery dress with a wide black belt 
around her small waist.  Black high heels and black panty hose, a 
welcome sight.  *Ms. Makawa, lean forward with your elbows on the 
counter and spread your legs a bit*  As she did so immediately, the 
sight of her small round ass gave him a huge hard on.  He lifted the 
hem of her dress and pushed it around her waist.  NO UNDERWEAR!  
Just the pantyhose.  He stuck his fingers under waistband and pulled 
them slowly down to her knees.  God she looked good.  Her pussy 
was small with just a wisp of hair.  *Tell the old lady you're helping 
to please excuse you while you get fucked from behind*
        'Would you please excuse me a second Mrs. Wasser, I'm going 
to be fucked from behind'  Mrs. Wasser looked quizzically for a 
second and just said 'Oh that's fine dear'.
        *Think of the last good orgasm you had Ms. Makawa.... by the 
way, what's your first name?*  'Cyndy'  *Ah then Cyndy, remember 
the last orgasm you had, let it make your pussy sopping wet*  Just 
then Cyndy closed her eyes and let out a slight moan.  Ben dropped 
his pants and shoved his eight inches into her right then and there.  
Seeing Ms. Hydes sperm soaked lips and Cyndy's glistening pussy 
was too much.  Ben fucked her for all he was worth.  Cyndy moaned 
loudly, her breathing quickening.  Ben grabbed a handful of dress 
with one hand and pulled her hair back with the other.
        He was pumping away furiously, feeling her cervix with every 
sharp push.  She was tight, really tight.  He let go of her hair and 
rubbed his hand over her back and ended up at her face.  *Suck my 
fingers*  She immediately began to suck his fingertips, slowly and 
first then with more enthusiasm.  Sucking his middle finger all the 
way into her throat.  That was more than he could stand.  *Cum 
now!*  She let out a low scream as he began to shoot load upon load 
of sperm into her pussy.  He pushed deep, very deep and shot his 
last load.  God this was great, he thought.....  *Continue your business 
with the lady*  'Thank you for waiting Mrs. Wasser, I'm finished 
being fucked from behind now'.
        *Pull up your pantyhose, fix your dress, kiss me, and say 'thank 
you for fucking me so hard and good'*
        Cyndy fixed her clothes, pulled me tight, and kissed me 
sloppily, thrusting her tongue in my mouth.  'Thank you for fucking 
me so hard and good' she said in an almost girlish voice.
        Ben then zipped himself, went to back, grabbed the 
surveillance video tape and proceeded out front door.  He smiled, 
stuck his head back in the door and projected *you can zip yourself 
up now Bill.  Everybody resume*.  Ben looked at Ms. Hyde and saw 
her lick her lips with surprise.  Quickly she wiped her lips and chin 
with her finger.... and stuck it in her mouth, smiling slightly.  'I knew 
it' he thought to himself.  Smiling he walked out, his finger still wet 
with Cyndy's saliva.  Cyndy herself noticing the smell of cum 
eminating from the crotch of her pantyhose.  She spread her legs a 
bit and enjoyed the warm wetness.  The front door closed and Ben 
was gone.

