                                   The Rape

        In the back of her mind I think she knew she deserved it. The
        way she left me, the way she hurt my feelings, she should have
        known that I had something in store for her when she agreed to
        come home with me that night when I met her in the bar. She was
        standing there all alone, so I just walked up to her and asked
        if she would like to come home with me and have sex. She said it
        had been months since she had a good lay, so home we went. I had
        never let on how hurt I had been that we broke up, and we had
        always had a pretty normal sex life. nothing really kinky,
        nothing really out of the norm. But tonight I had plans for this
        little bitch, something she would never forget. It all started
        off pretty normally. We started with petting and kissing. slowly
        we warmed up removing each others clothing piece by piece. soon
        we were both naked. She loves having her pussy licked, so that's
        were I started. I nicely asked her to get in a doggy position
        and spread her pussy lips open wide so I could tongue fuck her
        to orgasm. as soon as hand were spreading her cheeks I slapped
        the cuffs on her. she looked at me kind of amazed b ut thought
        nothing of it at first. Not till I started ye t her about how
        much of a bitch she was and how hurt I was did she finally start
        begging me not to hurt her. I grabbed her by the hair and stood
        her up, half dragging her to the basement, and the room where I
        had planned to do my evil deeds. she was shaking with fear by
        now as I threw her onto the hard wood table. she was begging me
        now, telling me how much she loved me, how she would do anything
        for me, and begging me not to hurt her. I ordered her to her
        knees, but she wasn't fast enough for my satisfaction, I slapped
        her face hard, drawing blood from her lip, and tell ing her that
        she had better do exact tell her, when I tell her, or she was in
        danger of loosing her life. as she kneeled in front of me I took
        out my cock, which wasn't hard, but was beginning to become
        aroused, I wiped the blood from her lips with it and ordered her
        to lick it off, which she promptly did. once again I grabbed her
        by the hair and stood her up in front of me. I had made a little
        torture device in which I placed her head and wrists into,
        closed it and locked it... this left her on her knees and
        totally helpless. she began crying, and started screaming, so I
        had to gag her. I walked around in front of her and I watched
        the tears stream down her face I had to laugh. As I got out my
        toys her eyes began to widen and  I could see horror in her
        face. the first toy was a riding crop. this crop had been
        modifie d and no longer had the square piece of leather on th it
        was more like a leather switch.  I quickly used this on her ass
        and upper thighs, raising large welts and drawing some blood.
        next I took out a set of adjustable tit clamps. I attached them
        to her nipples and started tightening them until I was satisfied
        with the amount of pain they seemed to be exerting. the next toy
        was a 12" strap on vibrating, gyrating, pulsating dildo, and a
        jar of Vaseline. I went around to her backside and appli ed the
        Vaseline liberally to her asshole. then I inserted two fingers
        and pumped away at her. I then shoved the 12" of dildo up her
        tight ass until it was buried all the way inside her, and then
        strapped it to he waist and turned it on. I could hear her moans
        of agony as the toy start moving inside her, and could see her
        muscles straining to force it out of her, but to no avail. you
        better start liking this, I screamed, or its going to get even
        worse for you. she started crying and screaming even more, so I
        took the Vaseline and started lubing up my hand, showing her how
        nice and slippery it was, all the way to my elbow. now bitch,
        now your going to get the fucking of your life. you sorry cunt
        will never be the same when im done with you, and that's not
        gonna be for a long fucking time, I screamed. I walked to her
        backside, and gave her a couple of very hard slaps on her ass,
        tightened the tit clamps a couple of more turns, and started
        fingering her wet cunt. finger after finger I inserted until I
        had my four forefingers inside of her. her pussy was tight, and
        I could tell she hadn't been fucked in a while, but id bet she
        hadn't thought it was gonna be like this. I pulled my fingers
        out quickly and made a fist. I could see her cunt stretchi ng
        and straining as I applied pressure to her cunt wit st. she
        wasn't relaxing, and was fighting my insertion, so with a punch,
        I jammed my fist inside her. she screamed, and passed out. i
        thought to my self for a second, pulled my hand out of her, and
        went upstairs and got the smelling salts, then I woke her back
        up. I want you awake bitch. I then went back to her cunt and
        started fucking it with my fist again. puling all the way out
        with each stroke and all the way back inside. her cunt was
        bright red, and felt very hot to the touch. I could feel the
        dildo through the thin pussy wall. I had built up a rhythm now,
        f ucking her harder and faster with each stroke, her breathing
        became c, and heavy, and didn't seem to be crying anymore. her
        hips started moving to my fisted strokes, and soon I could feel
        the orgasmic spazims of her cunt, with each spasm I would drive
        even harder and deeper inside her. i now have a slave who lives
        in my basement, she never leaves, and I have now gotten her to
        the point of taking a hand in the ass and one up her cunt. she
        fucks with the fury of a horse in heat, and cant ever seem to
        get enough. I guess that must be torture..... eh???

	
