The Pill
author unknown

******

        "Where are my fishing boots!?," screamed Don Applebee. "You
are just useless Mona, I can't wait to get away from here."

        Don Applebee was your average domineering husband, and Mona
Applebee was his average submissive wife. But Don's pushy ways had
left Mona at the end of her rope. She was tired of being yelled at and
belittled by her husband. After Don left for his fishing trip, the
postman arrived with a package she had sent for. It contained a drug
from Sweden that supposedly would allow the user to completely control
the mind of those taking the pills.

        Mona wanted to use this drug on her husband, but she thought
she would try it out first. The mailman seemed like a good guinea pig.

        "You look thirsty," said Mona, "Why don't you come in for a
quick drink."

        "Well, I'm running a bit behind,"  said the mailman, "But,
what the hell, I am thirsty."

        "Sit down here in the living room, and I'll fix you some fresh
squeezed lemonade," said Mona.

        Mona took her package into the kitchen and opened it. She made
the lemonade, and dissolved one of the pills into the drink.

        "Here you go," said Mona.

        "Bottoms up," said the mailman.

        "How is it," said Mona

        "Good," said the mailman, "but I wish I was done with the
mail, I sure could use a nap."

        Seconds later, the mailman was fast asleep on the living room
couch. Now, Mona would find out if the drug had accomplished the
desired effect.

        "Now, according to the directions, you will do anything I tell
you to do, either while you're in the trance, or after based on post-
hypnotic suggestions," said Mona. "Let's try it out. When you wake up,
you will have an uncontrollable urge to worship my feet, and suck my
toes. You'll do ANYTHING I ask if I'll let you worship my feet.
Otherwise, you won't remember any of this. Just to keep you in line,
anytime I say the word `kumquat' you'll immediately fall back into a
trance. Now when I snap my fingers, wake up, and remember what I told
you."

        When Mona snapped her fingers, the mailman jumped to his feet.

        "I must have dozed off, it's been a long day," said the
mailman. "I better go and finish my route now."

        "What do you think of my feet?," asked Mona.

        "They're beautiful, in fact, you might think this sounds
funny, but I would love to suck your toes," said the mailman.

        "You would, would you," laughed Mona. "Well, maybe I will let
you, if you do something for me first."


        "Anything," panted the mailman.

        "Why don't you take your cock out of your pants and masturbate
for me, " said Mona.

        Without questioning Mona's order, the mailman took his penis
out of his pants and began stroking it.

        Mona took off her shoes and said, "If you want to worship my
feet, I want you to cum on them."

        Seconds later, the mailman gasped and cum shot all over Mona's
feet.

        "Now, I want you to lick the cum off my feet," said Mona.

        The mailman knelt down at Mona's feet and systematically
slurped the cum off her feet.

        "Good boy, " said Mona. "Now, get back to your job."

        "Have a nice day, " said the mailman, treating the episode
like it wasn't even a bit strange.

        After the mailman left, Mona lay back and contemplated her
experiment.  It had been a complete success. Now she couldn't wait
until Don returned.

        When he came back, he was his usual dominineering self.

        "Get me a drink now, Mona," he snarled.

        "Yes, dear," said Mona, as she slipped the pills into his
martini.

        Soon Don was in never-never land on his chair. Mona smiled as
she approached her husband. Now she would show him who was boss.

                               II 

        "Don, things are going to change around here, " she said.
"First, whenever I say the word `mongrel' you will lapse into a
trance.  When you are in these trances, you will obey all of my
orders, including any post-hypnotic suggestions I make.  From now on,
I am going to wear the pants around here, quite literally. When you
awake, you will no longer wear pants around the house, instead you
will want to wear a skirt. For now, when you leave the house, you'll
still wear pants, but otherwise, it's a lady's skirt for you from now
on."

        Mona went into the bedroom and came out with a skirt that was
several sizes too big for her. It reminded her about her weight
problem before she started her exercise regimen.

        "I knew that this skirt that I still had from my `fat' days
would come in handy someday," said Mona, "Take off your pants and put
on this skirt."

        Don stood up and meekly obeyed Mona's order. Mona's spine
tingled as she realized that the drug was having its desired effect.

        "Tsk, tsk," said Mona, "We can't have all that hair showing on
your legs, can we? Go take a shower, and shave your legs, in fact, I
want you to shave off all your body hair, from you chest to your
toes."

        About a half hour later, Don returned, wearing the skirt. His
arms, legs, and chest were shaved.

        "When I count to ten, you'll awake," said Mona. "You won't
remember being in this trance, but will continue to want to wear your
cute little skirt. By, the way, don't forget the word `mongrel'."

        Don snapped to attention at the count of ten. Although he felt
vaguely strange about it, he felt good in his new skirt.

        "It's six o'clock already! Where's my dinner?," Don demanded.

        "You want your dinner sweetie?," said Mona, "Well, I'm going
to make you the best dinner you've ever had."

        "Be quick about it, I'm hungry," snarled Don.

        About an hour later, Mona returned with a chicken dish in a
cream sauce.

        Don looked at the dish, and said, "What's this crap, you know
I hate chicken."

        "Please try this dish, I think you'll really like it...
mongrel."  said Mona.

        At Mona's last word, Don lapsed into a trance.

        "You're really going to like this dinner Don," laughed Mona.
"But, before we eat, I want you to add one final ingredient to your
plate. Pull down your skirt and panties and masturbate onto your
plate."

        Don pulled down his skirt and started to stroke his cock. Soon
a load of creamy cum shot onto Don's plate.

        "Now mix it in good, Don," said Mona. "Now when I snap my
fingers, you will awaken, and you'll eat what you think is the best
meal of your life."

        After awaking from the trance, Don happily ate his chicken and
cum dinner.

        "Not bad, for chicken," said Don.

                               III 

        Over the next week, Mona adjusted Don to fit his new,
submissive lifestyle.  At work, he has his usual self.  In fact, Mona
had told him hypnotically to be confident and successful.  But as soon
as he got home he rushed to change into the feminine wardrobe that
Mona had bought for him.  First the corset went on.  It was heavily
boned, pinching his waist and emphasizing his hips.  A pair of
silicone breast forms filled out the cups.  Then he attached stockings
to the corset's garters, to show off his shaved legs, and pulled a
pair of panties up over the garters.  Then he put on whatever outfit
his wife had selected for him.  Tonight it was a blouse and a loose
skirt, with low-heeled pumps on his feet.  Some other nights, she made
him put on a French maid's outfit, with a ruffled skirt that barely
reached his thighs and five-inch heels.  Make-up, jewelry and a wig
completed his ensemble, and he left the bedroom to properly greet his
wife.

        Mona had also adjusted to Don's new lifestyle.  Her live-in
servant had taken over the housekeeping duties, so Mona could spend
all her time making herself attractive and doing...  whatever she
wanted.  This morning had been typical.  Don had put her hair into a
bun and applied her makeup before he left for work.  She had decided
to put on a fire-engine red silk blouse, and, true to her word, was
wearing slacks in black wool.

        She had invited the mailman in again this afternoon.  He had
begged her desperately to let him suck on her toes, but Mona had
refused, not wanting to take off her stockings.  Instead, she had had
him masturbate directly onto her pumps (they had tongues extending up
her foot, so her nylons would stay clean).  Within seconds the mailman
was spurting cum across the black patent leather.  Like before, she
had him lick up his cum.  She also had him dry the shoes off -- the
insteps had a bit of gold ornamentation that she didn't want
tarnished.

        Then she had dropped her slacks and ordered the mailman to eat
her pussy.  Like her husband, she was wearing panties over stockings
and garters, which gave the mailman easy access to her private places.
Mona had come twice before she ordered the mailman to forget
everything that happened and get back to his route.  But not before he
had dropped off his package.

        When Don reached the living room, Mona was stretched out on
the couch, reading a book.  She had several pillows behind her, and a
blanket covering her from her waist to her ankles.  "Ah, there you
are, Don," she said, looking up from her book.  "It took you long
enough to get changed."

        Don stared sheepishly at the floor and mumbled "I'm sorry,
Mona."

        "Anyway," Mona continued, "now that you're here, we can begin
tonight's activities, mongrel...  "

        Hearing this word, Don slipped back into his hypnotic trance.
Mona set down her book and stood in front of Don.

        The fly on her slacks was unzipped, and sticking out of it was
a huge dildo.  According to the advertisement, it was 25 centimeters
long and 3 centimeters thick.  It was made out of a glossy black
plastic, almost matching her shoes, and the tip had been molded into a
circumcised head.

        "Now that I'm wearing the pants," Mona told her husband, "I
thought I should have a cock to go with it.  It's a strap-on, of
course, but it just will have to do.  I hope you like it; it just
arrived in the mail.  Now, you won't find anything strange about me
wearing it, although you won't mention it to anyone, just as with your
home clothes.  In fact, you love my gorgeous cock.  When you're not at
work, you can't stop thinking about it.  It gets you incredibly turned
on.  If you could, you would go down on it, and suck it all day and
all night.  But the idea is really embarrassing.  What kind of man
wants to go down on his wife's cock?  So you don't dare let on that
it's the only thing you can think about.  Now wake up and cook
dinner."

        Don had been cooking, under his wife's supervision, for the
past week.  He had always hated the idea of cooking; he thought it was
women's work.  But now that he was actually doing it, he found that he
loved it.  It gave him the same sense of satisfaction that he got
while cleaning the house.  This evening, though, it seemed like he
couldn't do anything right.  His wife was constantly reminding him
about the correct measurements, and he was spilling ingredients all
over the place.  Without his apron, he would have ruined his blouse
several times.  And his face was also unnaturally pale.

        Mona was having tremendous fun.  She made sure to position
herself so Don could see the dildo out of the corner of his eye, and
if she stroked it idly, she could get Don to completely lose his train
of thought.  "Don, you've got to...  Don!  Pay attention!" she cried.
She moved a step closer to her husband, making sure the side of her
dildo pressed against his leg.  "You have to mix the baking powder
into the flour, not the liquids."

        "Uh, yeah, you're right," Don mumbled.

        "Are you alright?" she asked.

        "I'm fine!  Really."  Don licked his lips and bent back to his
task.

        Dinner itself went a bit more smoothly.  The table kept Mona's
dildo out of sight, so Don could eat without major distractions.  Once
the pair had finished, Don went back to the kitchen to clean, while
Mona sat down on the couch to continue her book.

        Half an hour later, Don finished in the kitchen and returned
to the living room.  Mona motioned him over to the couch and lifted
her right leg.  "Don, I've had a rough day.  Be a dear and give me a
foot massage."

        "Yes, Mona," he said.  He pulled a hassock over, sat on it,
pulled off her shoe and began rubbing her stockinged foot between his
hands.  Mona made appreciative noises, leaning back and setting her
book down on the end table.  Mona noticed that while his head was bent
down over her foot, his eyes kept on stealing glances at her dildo,
which stretched proudly into the air.

        "Oh, that's wonderful, Don," she breathed.  "Now scoot forward
a little bit and do my other foot, would you?"

        Once Don had begun massaging on her other foot, she stuck her
first foot under Don's skirt, slid down his panties, and began rubbing
the sole of her foot up and down against his cock.  She also started
running her fingers up and down her dildo.  Between the feel of the
nylon stocking against his cock and the sight of Mona's own cock, Don
had become fully aroused.  His face had turned slightly pink, and Mona
could have sworn he was hiding a rock under his skirt.

        "That's enough, Don," Mona said, pulling her feet away.  "Now
put my shoes back on.  I want you to clean them with your tongue.  The
fronts are already clean, so you need to clean the sides and the
heels.  Oh, yes.  Mongrel."

        Don froze in place as he waited for more commands.

        "The smell of my feet and the shoe leather is a real turn on.
So is the taste.  You'll beg to clean them every night.  Now wake up
and go to work."

        As Don began licking, Mona could tell he was having a good
time.  His eyes were closed and his face was completely relaxed as he
ran his tongue up and down the sides of the shoes.  From what she
could see, he was also breathing heavily, to get as much of the scent
as possible.  Aside from adjusting the position of her feet and moving
him from one to the other, she let him work without interruptions,
giving him a full ten minutes before she told him to get a towel and
dry them off.  Once he had finished, she stood up and moved directly
in front of him.  In Don's sitting position, the dildo was staring him
in the face.  He couldn't take his eyes off of it.

        "My cock needs to be cleaned too," she purred.  "Lick it clean
with your tongue."

        Don looked up at her in shock, his eyes wide open and his face
as white as a sheet.  "But...  but I can't do THAT!  I'm your husband,
Mona!  I can't do...  that sort of thing!"

        "Of course you can, honey," Mona replied, stroking her hand
against his cheek.  "You cleaned my shoes, didn't you?  Just lick it
off like you did to them."  With this, she pushed the dildo up against
Don's mouth.  Don let out a deep breath, parted his lips, and stuck
out his tongue, licking it against the tip of the dildo.

        Once he touched the dildo, Don lost all self-control.  He
plunged it deep into his mouth and sucked, licking it all over with
his tongue.  In and out and in and out it went.  The dildo was much
too long for him to swallow completely, so he also ran his tongue up
and down the sides of the shaft.  Soon its whole length was glistening
with saliva, and Mona decided it was time to stop.  She had to push
Don's head away to get him to stop sucking on it.

        "There, Don, see?" Mona asked.  She shifted her pelvis
slightly, making the dildo wave in front of his face.  "That wasn't so
bad, was it?" From the look in Don's eyes, he was just a hair away
from making love to it with his mouth once again.  "Now go get ready
for bed.  You have to go to work tomorrow.  Don!" she shouted.  He
tore his eyes away from the dildo to meet hers.  "Go get ready for
bed!"

        "Yes, Mona," he said, standing up and walking into the
bedroom.  Mona followed.  The pair were soon in their nightgowns, and
since Mona had kept the dildo on, they each had a very prominent cock.
"Honey," Mona asked in a very sweet voice, "do you think you could
clean my cock a bit more?"

        "Well, I don't...  I mean I certainly didn't mind helping you
out, earlier," Don said, embarrassed, "but do you think it would be,
well...  proper...  if...  "

        "Please?" Mona continued, batting her eyelashes.

        "Um, okay, I'll do it, but only because you're asking me," he
growled.  Saying that, he started moving towards her.

        Mona raised a hand to stop him.  "Not here, honey.  Get into
bed." The couple crawled under the covers.  Mona fiddled beneath the
blankets for a moment, then put a hand on top of Don's head and pushed
him completely underneath.  There Don found Mona's nightgown up around
her waist and her cock waiting to be loved.  As Mona turned off the
lights, Don put his lips around it and suckled like a baby.

                                  IV

        Late the next morning, well after Don had left for work, Mona
went into the living room and inserted an audio cassette into the
stereo.  She wanted to try the hypnotic pills on herself, just to
satisfy her curiosity, and had come up with a way to do it.  She
pressed the PLAY button, sat down on the couch, and quickly took a
tablet with a glass of water.  A minute later, when her own voice came
out of the speakers, she was already asleep.

        "Mona, you are now in a hypnotic trance.  Whenever you hear
your own recorded voice telling you to fall into a trance, you will
re-enter the state you are in now."  There was a short pause, and her
voice continued.  "Yesterday you received a strap-on dildo in the
mail.  From now on, when you put on the dildo, it will become part of
you.  Your pussy will disappear and all you will feel is your new
cock.  Whenever someone touches the head, it will feel like someone
touching your clit, only better.  Whenever someone touches the shaft,
it will feel like someone touching your pussy lips, only better.  In
fact, your new cock will produce the best orgasms you have ever
experienced.  And your new cock is even better than your husband's
cock because it is always hard.  You can come again and again with it,
as often as you want.  Now wake up."

        Mona came to with a start.  She hit the STOP button, then for
safety she rewound the tape and recorded a blank over her voice.  No
need for Don to stumble over it by accident.  Mona had stored her
hypnotic pills in an old birth control pill container for the same
reason.  Once she was sure she the tape was clean, she rushed to the
bedroom and strapped on her dildo.

        The effect was astounding.  Mona was sure she could feel her
hand stroking the plastic.  It sent electric shivers up and down her
spine.  She finally stretched out on the bed and just stroked it for
at least fifteen minutes, savoring the feeling.  She could understand
how the pills had affected Don and the mailman so strongly.  The dildo
felt like a real cock, growing out of her own body.

        When she tried applying a bit of petroleum jelly to the dildo,
she was sure she must have died and gone to heaven.  She orgasmed
within seconds, bucking on the bed in ecstacy and thrusting her cock
harder between her hands.  Mona finally collapsed against the
mattress, her hands falling against her sides as she stared at her new
plaything.  The black plastic glistened with its lubricant and the
shaft sprouted proudly from the folds of her robe.  Mona reached out
her hand and gave her cock another stroke.  It felt just as good as
before.  Within seconds she was jerking off again.

        She lost track of the number of orgasms she had that day.  It
was only the sound of her husband's car pulling up in the driveway
that brought her back to reality.

        She stayed on the bed as Don came into the bedroom and gave
her a kiss.  Her cock was still quite visible, and she noticed that
Don had to work hard so as not to stare at it.  She watched patiently
as Don changed into his home clothes, directing him to wear a tea
dress for the evening.  When Don finished, Mona called him over to
her.

        "Don," she asked, "what are your chores for this evening?"

        "I'm going to cook dinner right now," he replied.  "Then I was
planning to clean the living room."

        Mona nodded in approval.  "Very good.  Do you think you can
handle dinner by yourself?  You had a bit of a problem last night."

        "Yes, I... I can do it.  It's my favorite chicken dish," Don
said proudly.

        "Wonderful.  Go get to work, then."  Mona waited, but Don
didn't move.  "Is something wrong?"

        "Um, I was also hoping to clean your shoes for you," Don said
hesitantly.  "Please?  Like I did last night?"

        "Oh, yes.  Well as you see, I didn't wear my shoes today, so
they don't need to be cleaned."  Upon hearing this, Don looked
crestfallen, so Mona added, "Still, if you want to clean them again, I
can't see any reason why you shouldn't.  Do it after you've finished
cleaning the living room."

        Don looked at his wife gratefully.  "Thank you, Mona.  I'll
get started on dinner."

        "You do that," she replied.  As Don was leaving the bedroom,
she took another look at her cock.  The petroleum jelly had gotten
rather dirty over the course of the day, and she decided she should go
to the bathroom and clean it.  This involved a certain amount of
scrubbing, but Mona didn't mind, especially when she realized that the
wet soap was another lubricant.  She came another five times in the
bathroom before her husband called her out to dinner.

        After she had eaten, she headed right back to the bedroom to
play with herself some more.  She didn't want to bother with the
petroleum jelly just then, so she tried out several different
masturbation aides, finally settling on her husband's pillow.  By
wrapping it around her cock she could get all the soft pressure that
she wanted, the cotton pillowcase sliding smoothly over her cock's
plastic surface.  She came again and again, only stopping when she
heard her husband enter the room.

        Mona quickly put the pillow aside and called out to her
husband.  "Um, honey, could you come over here and clean my cock for
me?"

        "Well, okay," he hesitated.  "If you'd like."  He quickly sat
down next to her in bed and started sucking and licking it.  Mona was
amazed by the sensation.  Even though she knew it was all in her mind,
she could have sworn she was actually feeling her husband suck her
cock, that it was a part of her.  For his part, Don was in heaven.  He
had been thinking of nothing except his wife's beautiful cock since he
had walked through the door, and had been desperate for any excuse to
stick it in his mouth.

        An hour -- and many orgasms -- later, Mona realized that it
was time to sleep.  Don was disappointed when he heard he had to stop
sucking his wife's cock, but he brightened considerably when she
reminded him he still needed to clean her shoes.  As Don walked over
to the closet to do his work, Mona crawled beneath the blankets,
completely exhausted from the day's activities.  She reflected, as she
drifted off, that it was time to get Don's virgin asshole accustomed
to her new cock.

        The next morning, she awoke to find the bedroom light still
on, and Don asleep in front of the closet, curled lovingly around her
shoes.  He had obviously fallen asleep during a very long cleaning.

        Over the next several weeks, Mona trained her husband for anal
sex.  For cleanliness, Mona required Don to give himself an enema
every morning before work.  She also had him buy plenty of lubricant
until he could get used to her enormous girth.  But after a lot of
practice, Don was able to take all of her hardest thrusts.  It was a
good thing, too, because with her special cock, Mona could fuck him
for hours on end.  She enjoyed doing him in the kitchen as he washed
dishes.  She would walk up behind him at the sink, lift up his skirt,
pull down his panties, and shove her cock into his butt.  He would
have to stand at the sink, gasping in pleasure as she rammed it up his
ass.  The pair usually continued until the dishwater turned cold.

        Mona had also given him hypnotic instructions to adore the
anal sex, even though that fact embarrassed him greatly.  The way he
received her cock in his mouth and his ass, she wouldn't have been
surprised if he secretly worshipped the thing.  She did make sure that
he dreamt about it when not at work.  One weekend she had Don regress
to a childlike state and draw a picture of himself and his family with
crayons.  Don drew himself in a skirt with long hair.  The other
person was taller, wore pants, and had an enormous penis drawn in
black crayon that stuck up and out, almost reaching his -- her? --
breasts.  When asked, he replied that that was his wife Mona.

        Despite his constant state of arousal, Don never had an orgasm
during that time.  Mona had given him strict hypnotic instructions
that he could never orgasm unless she allowed him to, and it took her
a while to think of a suitable release for him.

        The answer finally came one evening as she lay in bed,
stroking herself.  Don was in his nightgown next to the closet, where
he had just finished licking Mona's shoes clean.  As he towelled them
dry, Mona called out, "Don, when you're finished, bring one of my
shoes over here, would you?"

        "Yes, Mona," he replied.

        "Also, get one of my knee-high stockings from the dresser."

        "Yes, Mona."

        Once he had collected the two items, Mona sat up on the side
of the bed and had her husband stand in front of her.  "Lift up your
nightgown," she instructed.  Don did so, revealing a very stiff
erection.  Mona then took the stocking and slid it down over Don's
cock, letting the extra length gather around his balls.  Don shuddered
in pleasure at the sensation, but after a stern comment from Mona, he
stood still once again.

        Then Mona took her shoe and slid that over Don's cock as well.
Don was looking at it wide-eyed, but didn't say a word.  Mona put one
hand in front of the heel, and the other around the front of the shoe.
There was more than enough leather on the front of the shoe to get a
good grip, and Mona could easily feel Don's cock in the toe.  Once she
was satisfied, she began to slowly stroke the shoe up and down Don's
cock.

        Don's breathing grew ragged.  It was obvious that he was
enjoying the treatment.  "Do you like this, honey?" she asked coyly.

        "Oh, yes," Don gasped.  "Please don't stop, Mona."

        "Okay, but you have to tell me when you're about to come.  I
can't have you getting the inside of my shoe all sticky.  I want to
wear it myself, too.  So tell me when you're about to come, okay?  If
you don't, we can't do this again."  Mona looked up at her husband.

        Don had his eyes closed and his face tilted towards the
ceiling.  "Yes, I'll tell you," he replied.  "Anything."  The pair
continued in near-silence for another minute when Don shouted, "Oh,
God!  Get ready!"

        Mona pulled the shoe away and swallowed Don's cock in her
mouth, sucking hard.  In a moment, streams of cum burst out of his
cock and shot through the thin nylon of the stocking.  By licking the
underside of the head with her tongue, she found she could coax even
more out.  Mona swallowed it all, enjoying the taste for the first
time.  Now she was swallowing it on her terms.

        When she finally let Don's cock fall out of her mouth, it was
a mess.  The toe of the stocking was sticky and wet from Don's semen,
and his cock had gone flaccid, letting the rest of the stocking slide
down into the stains.  "Don," Mona said, "go into the bathroom and
wash out your stocking.  Hang it to dry over the bathtub.  Then clean
off your cock and come to bed."

        "Yes, Mona," he said as he went about his task.  While he was
in the bathroom, Mona crawled under the covers and savored the
remnants of his cum.  Mona was quite pleased with the experiment, and
decided to stay with it for the future.  When Don climbed into bed
later, she decided it was time to give him more instructions.

        "Mongrel.  Don, that is the ONLY way you can orgasm.  You have
to be wearing a stocking and one of the shoes, and I have to be
stroking you.  You will always tell me before you are about to orgasm,
and you will always be responsible for cleaning up after yourself."
Mona thought to herself for a moment.  "Putting on a stocking and the
shoe without me feels almost as good, but it is very naughty and I
will punish you if I find out you have done it.  However, sometimes
when I go out you just have to,  you'll put them on secretly and wear
them until I get back.  You'll usually be able to put everything away
in time, but sometimes you simply won't notice me until it's too late.
Now wake up."

        "Thank you, Mona," Don said.  "That was incredible."

        "I'm glad you enjoyed it," Mona told him.  "Do you think you
could do me a little favor and clean off my cock?"

        "Well... sure, honey."  Don crawled down to Mona's crotch and,
lifting her nightgown, began sucking as usual.  Mona took enough time
to turn out the light before giving in to the sensation and fucking
Don's mouth.

FIN
