Copyright ©  1996 Conure.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.



Subject: The Bet by basket kase (M/F Teen Incest Cons)

                              
                           The Bet
                       by basket kase
                              
                              
                              
     My father left us when I was ten.  He was a nasty fuck,
so while it was tough financially (which I didn't understand
then),  it was for the best.  My Mom worked long hard hours,
and  I  brought in an extra twenty or thirty  bucks  a  week
doing odd jobs with my friend Sal.
      Anyway, when I was thirteen my Mom met this guy Chris,
who  was pretty cool.  He had a son named Jason.  Jason  was
two years younger than me and was a real pain in the ass.  A
year later they were married and Jason moved in.
      I used to kick the shit out of him.  All the time.   I
was  mean, aren't all big sisters??  When they weren't  home
I'd  make strip him and make him do things around the house.
I  actually got excited sometimes watching his scrawny  pre-
teen nakedness wander around cleaning (I loved to dump water
on  the kitchen floor and watch him on him scrub it naked on
his hands and knees).
      Why  didn't he tell on me?  Because he was  always  in
real  deep shit, and what I did to him was nothing  compared
to  how his father handled his actions.  So Jason was always
willing  to  do as I wished.  By the time I was sixteen,  he
had learned to eat me, and he kept his entire body shaved.
      It  was  the  summer of my seventeenth  birthday  that
things turned around.  Jason met a girl and suddenly started
to  behave  himself a little more.  I only got  to  use  him
maybe  once  or  twice  every  couple  months.   Anyway,   I
eventually  turned  eighteen and moved  away  from  home  to
college.
      My Mom called often and told me that Jason was back to
his  old antics and they had thrown him out.  He even called
me  and  we got into a blowout of a fight which led  to  the
bet.   I told him he was a uselss peice of shit and that  he
was never going to amount to anything.
      This really pissed him off.  He bet me he could get  a
job, any job, and keep it for six months.  I laughed at him,
saying "Yeah, I fuckin' bet."
      He  called me on it.  "I'll bet you that I can  get  a
job, and a place, and keep the job."
     "Ha!  For how long?"
     "I dunno... tell me."
      "Six  months.  I'll believe that you turned  your  act
around  if  you can get a job and keep it for at  least  six
months.   But  if you lose, it just proves your the  useless
piece of shit that you are."
     He grunted, "Yeah, and what do I get if I win?"
     There was silence for a few minutes.  A heavy silence.
     "What do you want?" I asked.
      His  voice changed, "I want you for one day.  You will
have to do whatever I want."
     "Okay," laughing, "if you do it, I'll be your slave for
a  day.   Fair?"  It sure sounded that way to me,  this  guy
never kept a job over three days!!
     "Deal."
      "Deal," and I hung up the phone.  I hadn't heard  from
him again until the last week of the following April.  I got
a  package  in the mail.  I opened it.  There was  a  letter
with  a bundle of paper banded together.  I lifted the  note
and  looked at the bundle.  It was xerox copies of  tons  of
paychecks.  With Jason's name on them.
     I flipped back to the letter.
          
          Lisa,
          
              Here's  the  proof.  Six  months  of
          paychecks and a copy of my lease.   I'll
          see you at my place on the 14th.  8 a.m.
          Wear only pants, sneakers  and a jacket.
          
          
          Jason
          
      I  couldn't  believe it.  Shit!  I went through  every
check, and even checked out the lease.  It was him.  All  of
it.   Wow!   Somehow, the thought of being at his mercy  was
strangly exciting.  And the 16th, that was this Saturday!
      That Friday, I finished my classes and practically ran
back  to  my  dorm room.  I packed (lightly of  course)  and
headed  home.   Mom and Chris were happy to see  me  and  of
course wanted to know what I was doing home for the weekend.
I told them I missed being there, that seemed to work.
      We had dinner together that night and they told me how
much  Jason  had  turned around.  He  was  responsible,  and
working hard.  'All this for me?' I wondered?  It was almost
flattery!   Would  it  last past Saturday?   For  how  long?
Why?!?
      I  could barely sleep that night.  Mom tried  to  call
Jason,  but he wasn't home (just not answering the  phone  I
guess).
      The next morning, I got up and out of the house before
anyone  was stirring.  Dressed as he wanted.  It was pouring
out.   I  pulled  into  the driveway of  the  place  he  was
staying.  It was a huge victroian house with many apartments
in  it.   I  parked and took a deep breath.  I got  out  and
walked  around to the back door (the one with his  apartment
number on it).
      There  was  a  note  that told me  to  go  to  another
apartment.  I walked back around to the front of  the  house
and  knocked on the door.  I was just getting ready to leave
when  the  door opened.  I was greated by some sixteen  year
old kid in his underwear, his cock hardening as he looked me
up  and down.  His hair was standing up on end and he looked
as if he had had one pretty wild night.
     "Yeah?"
     "I'm here to see Jason.  Is he home?"
      He  shrugged, "I dunno... think he's sleepin' upstairs
in his room."
      He  just stood there and looked at me.  "Well, I'm his
sister.  Can you let me in?"
      He shrugged again, "I don't give a fuck," I started to
walk  in  and  he stopped me.  "Take off your  shoes,  girl.
Don't get the floor all wet."  I wasn't sure what to do, but
I took them off.  I put them next to the matt with about ten
other  pairs of shoes and sneakers.  He stepped out  of  the
way and I went in.
     He pointed down the dark hall, "Up the stairs."
      I  walked down the grungy hall.  From the feel of what
was under my feet, this place hadn't been swept in about ten
years.   I walked down the hall and up the stairs.  I  found
his  door and knocked on it.  There was some banging  inside
and  the  door  finally opened.  He smiled when  he  saw  me
there.
     "Hi," he said sleepily.
     "Hi Jason.  Here I am."
      He  stood in the doorway and looked me over,  "Where's
your shoes?"
     "I had to leave them at the door."
     "Okay.  Get undressed."
      I  looked nervously up and down the hall and did as he
said.   I  unzipped  my coat and took  it  off,  my  nipples
hardening  from  excitement as I dropped it  to  the  floor.
Then  I reached down and unbuttoned my pants, unzipped  them
and  pushed them to my ankles, slowly stepping out of  them.
My pussy was aching and pulsing as I stood naked in front of
him in the hallway.
      He stepped back and motioned me in.  I started to pick
up  my  stuff but he stopped me, "No, leave it  there.   You
won't need your clothes in here."
      I  went in and he closed the door.  "Go stand  in  the
middle  of the room, hands behind your head."  I did  as  he
said.  He walked up behind me and kicked my feet apart.   He
stood in front of me and I watched as he took off his shirt,
sneakers and socks, stripping down to his cutoffs.  He still
had  a  great build.  Five-four and rock solid.  I was amuse
to  find that his body was still shaved (or at least what  I
could see of it).
     He knelt on the floor behind me, "You know," he said as
he  placed his hands around my ankles, "I've waited for this
for  a  long time."  His hands slowly moved up and  down  my
legs  as he talked, moving closer to my aching vagina.  "The
day  when I'd own you."  His hands moved to my inner thighs,
occasionally  palming my mons and gently squeezing.   I  was
panting,  the excitement of what he was going to do  getting
the best of me.
      He was driving me nuts!  I was so hot that I thought I
was  going  to  cum  just from having my  thighs  and  pussy
rubbed!!!   He must have sensed how close I was  because  he
stopped  and  got up.  He walked over to a closet  and  took
something out.  My jaw dropped when I saw what he came  back
with.   It was a paddle that I used to beat his bare ass  in
front of a friend of mine.
      Smiling he said, "Bend over and hold your ankles."   I
did  as he said and he started on me.  I yelped and he  told
me  to  shut up.  The pain was searing, but he would hit  me
two  or three times and then rub my ass, legs and pussy,  my
excitement numbing me.  He would get me to where I was  just
ready to cum and then whack me again.
      He only hit me about twenty times and then told me  to
kneel.   I  did as he said and was my ass hot!!   I  put  my
hands behind my head agian, just like I used to make him do.
He walked over to the couch and sat down.
      "Come  here."  I got onto hands and knees  and  walked
over to him, kneeling at the spot he pointed to between  his
legs.   He  took his barefoot and started to slowly  run  it
down  my  chest,  stomach, and then to my  pussy,  his  toes
slipping between my lips.  I trembled and bit my bottom lip,
closing my eyes as he wiggled his toes.
     He stopped, "You a little horny?"
     I nodded.
     "Hmmm... I bet you are."  He took his foot off me and I
groaned.   Jason  stretched out and smiled at  me,  "Satisfy
me,"  was  all  he said, his hand pointing  at  the  swollen
crotch of his shorts.  I leaned forward and undid his pants.
His  huge cock sprung out and bounced in front of my  mouth.
I was so fucking horny I couldn't stand it.
      I took his cock in my hand and opened my mouth to take
him  in.  I felt his hand on the back of my head as I gently
closed  my  lips around him and started to suck, his  strong
hand  urging me to take him deeper.  He entwined his fingers
in my long hair and worked my head up and down his cock as I
stroked with my hand.
      I  didn't  think it possible, but his cock  was  still
getting harder, not really longer, but harder and harder.

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....