THE COACH 
---------
 Written and donated by
 $DEF of CHRISTOPHER STREET
 BBS (201) 992-5660

When I was a freshman in high school, I had all the ass and cock
I wanted.  It all started when I was asked by my gymteacher to be
a locker room guard for during games, so that no ones stuff would
get stolen.

I had just loved to be in a locker room, since when I first went
to the "Y" on Saturdays and had cock sucking sessions at there. 
It was a cold day and all the cute jocks had just gotten done
showering and had left except for one, David.  David was a
sophmore wrestler with a hairless chest.  He always like to be in
the nude.  In fact, David would never have his clothes on in the
locker room until he had to leave.

His ass was always silk and very soft, and his cock grew from
half an inch limp to a full 8 1/2 inches when hard.  I just loved
watching him and knew he always watched me.

That same day, I decided that I just couldn't take it anymore.  I
was talking to David in the nude and I had just started telling
him about the jocks party that was being held.  I had also told
him that I had always liked the way he had played like a fair
jock, and how beautiful his ass was. 

Just then he said, "Do you have to leave now or do you want to
fool around?"

I said "Fool around, lets go!!" 

We had both laid across the locker room benches and my cock was
in his mouth and my face was in his cute little ass before I knew
it.  As he pumped my dick down his throat, I stuck my toungue up
his virgin asshole, to prepare it for my cock to enter.  Dave was
moaning and sucking and I started to scream "I'm going to
cummmm!" I shot one hell of a load into is mouth, so much that he
couldn't swallow every bit of it.

We switched positions and I took the 8 and a half inches all the
way down my throat.  He then started to ram his middle finger
into my asshole, and kept ramming it in there.  He finally
started to shake and quiver.  He bit my asshole when he shot his
load of sweet cum juice in my mouth.  I turned him on his
stomach, greased up my massive tool and gave it to his asshole. 
I was jumping up and down and soon shot another load up his
virgin ass.  I lay there totally9spent.

David was tired out too.  Then we heard a noise.  The coach9had
come back to the school to get something.  He saw the two9of us
there naked with hardons.

He said "What the hell are you two doing?!?  FUCKING!!!!!  Are
you guys crazy doing it here in the locker room??"

We were scared shit.  We admitted what we were doing and the
coach was furious at us both!!!

He said "Both of you lay there naked and make your assholes
ready!"

I said to Dave "That mother fucker has a 12 inch cock and is 4
inches around!  He'll tear our assholes apart!"

We wanted to leave but we couldn't.  He soon came out fully
naked, with a giant hardon, and shouted a command. 

"Dave Williams, get that virgin asshole over here!"  Dave said
quietly, "ok".  The coach said "You mean OK, SIR, ASSHOLE!!!"

He then lay David on the shower floor and began to grease up his
asshole.  He took his 12 inches and stuffed it in Dave's mouth.

"SUCK IT ASSHOLE!!", he said.

Dave began to suck and the coach whipped his dick out and said, 

"You don't know how to suck, so lets get your asshole open
wide!!!!" 

Dave practically shit when the coach took his cock and rammed it
up the hole.  Soon the coach was pumping vigorously.  Dave's
asshole was bleeding as the coach pressed harder.  Finally the
coach let out a load and released David.  He layed on top of Dave
with his cock up his asshole, and David practically crying.  He
kissed David, and took a wet rag and wiped his asshole clean. 
David then kissed the coach for the best fuck ever.

He said, "Coach Lombardi, your fuck tool may be big, but you sure
fuck good!"

The coach said "OK, Liteman, your fucking turn!"

The coach had put me on the shower floor.  He took all 12 inches
of his still hard cock and shoved it down my throat. He was
practically gagging me, but his cock tasted so good in my mouth. 
Soon he began fucking my throat harder and harder.  Soon, he shot
a load that was so massive that I couldn't catch it all. 

The coach took both of us to the whrilpool and gave both of us a
bath.  It was 11 O'clock at night when we had finally left the
school.  The next morning I arrived at school and smiled at the
coach.  Later that afternoon, the janitor asked me to please tell
the jocks not to cum on the benches.

That night was a repeat.  All the way till the summer, we had a
mandatory suck and fuck session...  every night...  with the
coach!!
