From - Thu Jan 16 21:23:08 1997
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!news-out.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news.sprintlink.net!news-peer.sprintlink.net!news.bbnplanet.com!cpk-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!supernews.com!news.netpics.com!news.onramp.net!newshost.cyberramp.net!uunet!in1.uu.net!199.170.133.5!misery.millcomm.com!Dial-07
From: mccoyf@millcomm.com (Frank McCoy)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.incest,alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.stories.incest
Subject: REPOST: GOODDEED.TXT 11K "The Good Deed" (mf, cons, incest, teen, preg?)
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
Date: Thu, 16 Jan 97 00:21:40 GMT
Organization: Millennium Communications, Inc.
Lines: 305
Distribution: world
Message-ID: <5bjsfe$kt1@misery.millcomm.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dial-07.mpls.millcomm.com
X-Newsreader: News Xpress Version 1.0 Beta #1
Xref: nntp.earthlink.net alt.sex.incest:44353 alt.sex.stories:171565 alt.sex.stories.incest:12804


                          The Good Deed
                         An Erotic Story

     Sometimes you can do something nice for people, with almost
no effort on your part.  For example:  Today I was passing by my
daughter's bedroom, when I heard a loud protest.
     "Michael, No!" Said Misty.
     Now usually, I don't go eavesdropping on my children. . .
Especially, when they have the door firmly shut.  Around our
house, a closed door is a sign you want privacy, and my wife and
I try to be as observant of this as we expect our children to be.
The only door inside the house with a lock is the bathroom, and
that's because the house came that way.  Normally I would no more
think of spying on my son or daughter when they had their doors
closed, than I would think of spying on them in the bathroom.  I
mean children need their privacy, just like adults do. . . Maybe
even more.
     Only if I thought that either of the kids were doing
something seriously wrong or illegal, would I check up on them.
And no, I don't consider things like jacking-off wrong, like some
perverts do.  A boy, (or a girl for that matter) needs some
sexual relief, if only masturbation, or the tension will build
up,until someone gets so horny that somebody ends up pregnant.
As the conversation I was about to listen in on, so eloquently
pointed out.
     It was only because Misty objected so loudly to whatever her
little brother wanted, that I stopped to listen in the first
place.  I wasn't intending to spy, just to make sure the two
siblings didn't get into an actual fight, or get so loud that
their mother had to get involved.  So I put my head a little
closer to the door, and tried not to feel like a Peeping-Tom.  If
everything was OK, then I'd just ignore whatever I heard, and
never let on that I had even noticed.

     "Please, Misty?"
     <Silence.>

     I could tell I was missing something, so I put my head right
up to the thinly paneled door, so I could listen better.  It was
unusually quiet outside, so once my ear was to the door, I could
hear almost everything, as the thin plywood of the door acted
like a sounding-board, so It was almost as if I was inside the
room with my two children, if I closed my eyes and listened.

     <Slurp.>  <Slurp.>
     "Please Misty, just for a minute?"
     <Slurp.>  <Plop.>
     "I told you no!"
     "But I only want to do it for just a minute."
     "Yeah, just a minute, my foot.  You want to stick that nasty
old thing up inside me, and squirt your cum in me, don't you?"
     "Only once, just to know how it feels.  Please?"
     "We shouldn't be doing even this much. . . Do you want me to
stop?"
     <Silence.>


                                1


     "So if you don't stop bugging me, I'll have to stop sucking
you off every night.  Then where would you be?"
     "Horny; just like you.  You'd miss me sucking on you, just
as much as I would."
     "I suppose.  Still, I am NOT letting my little brother stick
his cock up inside me, no matter HOW much I would like it."
     "Why not?  I only want to do it just once. . . Just to see
what it feels like."
     "Yeah, sure.  Just like we both only wanted try sucking each
other off, 'Just to feel what it's like.'"
     <Giggle>  <Snort.>
     "Well, OK.  So what?  You might like this, just as much."
     "No!"
     "Why not?  Even you admit that you might like it.  And if
not, then you only have to do it once, just so I can feel what
it's like to really cum inside a girl, instead of just in her
mouth."
     "Mike, you know why."
     <Mumble.>
     "What was that?"
     "I said, 'No I don't,' at least, not really."
     "Mike, I'm only going to say this one more time, so listen
closely."
     <Mumble.>
     "If I let you put your prick inside me, you'd probably cum
in me too.  In the first place, you probably couldn't help it.
In the second, that's what you want to feel anyway.  Now let me
finish, damnit!  Even if you promised to pull out, which I'm sure
you would TRY to do, If I got you to promise, you couldn't be
sure you wouldn't accidentally get some inside me anyway.  I
should know, after those times you 'tried' to pull out of my
mouth before you came."
     "I'm sorry.  Besides, you LIKE me to cum in your mouth now."
     "Uhuh.  But only after you 'accidentally' squirted in me
three or four times."
     "You might like feeling me squirt inside you too.  In fact,
I've heard that most girls do. . . Even more than they like
sucking cock."
     "Uhuh.  So let's say I do let you cum inside me, either by
accident, or because I do like it.  Then what happens?"
     "We keep on doing it, just like we do things now. . . Only
we'd have more fun."
     "Fun for you, maybe; not for me."
     "Huh?"
     "Mike, you dumbbell, If you even once came inside me, even
if only by accident, I could get pregnant!"
     "Get pregnant?"
     "Pregnant. . . Knocked-up. . . in a family-way, whatever.
Mike, you dummy, I could have a baby."
     "Oh. . . I suppose."
     "You suppose. . . Boy you're dumb.  If you squirted inside
me just once, even by accident, I could get pregnant, and then
what happens?"
     "I dunno. . . I suppose you have a baby."



                                2


     "Uhuh.  And when Momma or Dad see me with my stomach
sticking out to 'here', what do you think will happen?"
     "Uh. . . They'll be mad?"
     "Wow! . . . Look at the super-genius!  Got it after only 10
minutes of prompting!  Then guess what happens?"
     "I dunno, I suppose they might paddle us."
     "Brilliant, Sherlock. . . Not.  They might, or they might
not.  For sure, they aren't going to let us go on making little
babies together; and the only way they can be sure of that, is to
separate us.  You'd probably go off to one of those military
schools you hear about, while they'd probably put me in a
convent, or something.  No more big sister to suck you off for
you, and no more little brother to suck my horny little clit for
me.  How would you like THEM apples, little brother?"
     <Silence.>
     "I thought not.  Now, talking bout horny little clits, don't
you think it's time you did YOUR part in out little deal?  I
mean, six times in one night is pretty good, even for a guy as
horny as you are.  But don't you think I deserve a little fun
too?"
     "You always have fun, whichever one of us is doing the
sucking, Sis."
     "As do you, little brother; as do you.  Or do you deny that
you like sucking my horny little twat, just as much as I like
sucking you off?"
     <Silence.>
     "Oooh, that's good.  You're a GOOD little brother."
     <Silence.>
     "Oh.  Oooh!  Oh!  Don't stop. . . Do.o.o.n't sto.o.op."
     <Slurp.>
     <Silence.>
     "Aaauuugh.  Oh. Oowooh!  Thanks little brother, I needed
that."
     <Silence.>
     "I could tell. . . I liked it too, as you can see."
     "Oh my, my little brother's got another stiffie, just from
licking his sister.  Well, what are we going to do about this
now?"
     ". . . I still wish I could put it up inside you."
     "Well, you can't.  Now come here, and Big Sister'll get you
off.  But this'll have to be our last time tonight, then you'll
have to go to your own bedroom.  We don't want Momma catching us,
like she almost did last night.  OK?"
     "OK, I guess.  Would you let me put it in you, if Momma and
Dad wouldn't find out?"
     <Slurp.>  "I suppose. . . But I could still get pregnant,
and how'd they miss it then?"
     "What if they didn't mind?"
     "What do you think?  OK, by some stretch of the imagination,
I can imagine Daddy not being too upset by finding out we're
having sex.  But can you imagine our parents' faces, if they
found out we were not only fucking, but  I was pregnant with my
own brother's baby?  Daddy would have a fit!  And as for
Momma. . ."



                                3


     <Slurp.>
     "Oh, that feels good.  Thanks, Sis.  I'm gonna cum pretty
quick just thinking about this.  So it's only because Daddy might
find out, that you won't let me fuck you?"
     <Slurp.>  <Pwwwept!>
     "Uhuh.  If it wasn't for that, I'd be on my back right now,
sucking the sperm out of my little brother's cute little prick
the right way, right now. . . With my horny little snatch sucking
his thick sticky baby juice right up inside my tummy where it
belongs.  You wouldn't be able to keep me away, Little Brother."
     "You mean it, Misty?"
     "What do YOU think, Little Brother?"   <Sluuuuuurp!>
     "I think you like the idea almost as much as I do."
     "Uhuh.  And what do you think of THIS?"
     "Oh. . . Aaugh.  Ungh.  Oh!  Oh that feels good."
     "Tastes good, too.  God, you're still hard."

     That was my cue.  Mike's groan was loud enough that I could
have heard it by accident, just in passing.  And I hadn't wanted
to interrupt the two of them while either one was almost ready to
cum; knowing how it felt to be interrupted in the middle of
having sex.  I knocked on the door.

     <Silence.>
     "Misty?" I said, "Are you OK?"
     "I'm fine, Dad."

     "Good," I said, "I'm glad to hear that.  Remember, you and
Mike have to go to school tomorrow, so I don't want you fucking
your brother all night long, like you did the other night.  You
both need your rest.  Anyway, It's hard for your mother and I to
sleep, knowing you two are still going at it."

     <DEAD silence, from within the girl's bedroom.>  I grinned
to myself.

     "And besides," I added, "Your mother says it's easier for a
girl to get pregnant, if you don't do it TOO often. . . So maybe
you two would have a better chance, if you and Mike cut it down
to only two or three times a day. . . OK?"

     It was VERY faint, but I couldn't miss it. . . "OK, Daddy."

     I walked away, knowing I had done MY good deed for the day,
just as I heard the satisfied sigh of a little girl being filled
for the first time with her own brother's thick cock.
     It's amazing what pleasure you can bring some people, just
by a few well-chosen words.  NOW, I had to figure out the right
words to use, to let my unsuspecting wife know just how lucky WE
were going to be in about another nine months or so.  Knowing my
wife and HER siblings like our children never suspected; I didn't
think that was going to be very hard.





                                4


     Damn!  For once, I wished that I didn't believe in privacy
so much, so I could actually SEE my little boy squirting his seed
in his own big sister's tight little slit for the first time.
Still, now that they both knew we didn't object, I was fairly
sure that both kids wouldn't be so secretive, from now on. . .
Especially, if their mother and I were a little more open
ourselves, whenever WE had sex.  From now on, our bedroom door
would remain open, and we wouldn't do it under the covers,
either.
     Yes, it's just amazing how much you can do for someone you
love, with the right words at the right time.














































                                5


    _____
     /  '               /
  ,-/-, __  __.  ____  /_
 (_/   / (_(_/|_/ / <_/ <_
