                     A NIGHT WITH THE GIRLS

    My wife, Diane, had very long and soft auburn hair.  It was
    very thick as well.  It fell to the middle of her back in
    very large and soft curls that spilled over her shoulders.
    One night I had just come home from work and she was
    sitting there by her vanity lightly combing her hair.  As I
    watched her I began to get very, very excited and somewhat
    lost watching her.

    "Mickey, why don't you come over and comb my hair for me?"
    She said drawing me closer to her.  As I then stood behind
    her and began to run the comb through her hair I could feel
    myself gettimg more and more lost in her hair.  She began
    telling me how easy it was to get lost in it.  How soft it
    was, how thick and how deep.  Her perfume began to filter
    up and around my entire head, losing me more under her
    spell.  The comb began to get heavier and heavier in my
    hand until I couldn't hold it anymore and it fell to the
    floor.  I just stood there staring into her hair and
    smelling her perfume.  She then laughed and suggested that
    I bend over and smell her hair and feel it on my face.  By
    this time I was so mindless that I could not resist her.  I
    bent over and began to brush my face with her hair.  She
    then talked about my getting lost in it.  And how I was
    becoming mindless and stupid and weak.

    "That's it, Mickey.  Just let your mind become blank.  Just
    get lost in my hair.  You're getting trapped there, Mickey.
    You are getting lost.  Deeper and deeper.  You can't
    escape.  You are lost in my hair.  That's it.. Just get
    lost, mindless, stupid and weak.  That's it..."

    I was now so weak and under her control that when she told
    me to take off my clothes I found it to be something that I
    had to do.  I stripped naked.  She wheeled around and made
    me look deeply into her eyes.  She laughed at me as she
    began to caress my C, making me very, very hard.  I was
    falling deeper and deeper under her spell.  I was lost.
    She told me that I would do anything that she told me to.
    And I agreed.  She then asked me if I wanted to be a girl.
    And she made me beg for her to turn me into a girl.

    "That's it, Mickey.  You will do anything and everything
    that I tell you.  That's it.  You're under my spell my pet.
    You are under my hypnotic spell.  Now, wouldn't you like me
    to turn you into my lesbian slave?  Hmmmm?  How would that
    be for me to lose you in softness and make you my lesbian
    girl slave?  Would you like that my pet?"

    And I begged her to to do it.  At that point she made me
    kiss her love canal.  She pushed my face to her soft patch
    and I began to kiss her magic place with my lips over and
    over again.  She kept telling me how she was going to turn
    me into a girl and make me her slave.  I was getting harder
    and harder as she spoke.   Her body began to tremble
    greatly as she then found my lips to be bringing her to
    that point of explosion.  She laughed at me with how she
    had so easily now made me her slave and she told me that
    she was going to lose me forever in softness.  And with
    that, her hips jerked upwards and her back arched with her
    exploding before me.

    Sitting back into the chair she then told me to crawl into
    the closet with her.  I did so.  Once in there she then
    bound me to the waml rings.  My hands and feet now could
    not move to protect me.  I was completely at her mercy.
    She laughed at me again and told me how she was going to
    make me reamly beg to be turned into a girl.  All that
    Diane was wearing was a black sattin nightie to the crotch.
    She then turned around and put on this full length silver
    fox fur, in dark smoke grey, with an oversized shawl collar
    and large bell sleeves.  She then turned around and began
    laughing at me as she then began to caress my C over and
    over.  She was telling how soft the fur is.

    "Soft, isn't it, Mickey.  So soft.  That's it.  Get lost in
    it, Mickey.  You're getting lost in the fur.  It's making
    you so hard.  That's right.  You're getting hard Mickey.
    You're getting trapped by the fur.  The fur has you trapped
    there on the waml.   That's right.   Now, Mickey... Beg
    me.. Do you reamly want to be a girl?  Hmmmm?  Do you?  I
    could put this coat on you.  And that would make you a girl
    forever... Would you like that?  Tell me Mickey..."  And
    she laughed at me again as my body was trembling and
    shaking as she continued to tease my C.

    I began whining and begging her to turn me into a girl.  I
    was shaking and so lost under the spell of the fur, and
    her, that I was begging her to turn me into a girl.  She
    then instructed to beg her in a girl's voice.  And I
    changed the tone of my voice to be higher, softer and a
    little lustier.  She smiled and then laughed and told me
    how soft I was becoming.  How I was becoming like the fur,
    soft and weak and feminine.  I agreed with her and told her
    that I was feeling somewhat feminine.  Laughing, she asked
    me if I would like to put the fur on.  I told yes.  She
    warned me that if I put it on that I would become trapped
    in it.  I would become lost in the softness.  And that
    there was no going back once I did that.  I would be
    trapped forever.  And she laughed again.  I couldn't help
    it.  I was mad with desire.  I was so mindless that I could
    only think of looking pretty for Diane and putting the coat
    on and becoming her girl slave.  I begged her again to let
    me wear it.

    Laughing, she then began rubbing the front of my body with
    the fur.  I was moaning and begging her to please let me
    wear it.  She then backed away from me and slowly undid my
    fastenings and let me stand before her.  Swirling around
    the coat teased my C as she moved.  She laughed again as
    she took the coat and put it on me.  Once on, she then
    pulled the fur collar up around my face and laughed at me
    as my eyes then went out of focus and I stood there before
    her, totamly in a deep trance.

    "Now don't you look feminine.  Ah! What shaml we call you,
    honey?  I know.  We'll call you Melissa!  That's it.
    Melissa.  How does that sound?"  She giggled as she stood
    there.

    "That sounds wonderful Mistress."  I returned.

    And she then made me walk around the closet with MY
    beautiful ladies fur on.  I began to sway when I walked.  I
    was lost under her spell.  She then led me out into the
    other room and inspected me.  My hair was pulled back in a
    pony tail behind my back. She then undid my poney tail,
    letting my middle of the back hair fall around my
    shoulders.  She then inspected my legs for hair, and my
    arms.  Neither had a hair on them.  And then she looked at
    my crotch to make sure that it was hairless too.  It was.
    She then pulled the coat around me and began to caress my C
    with it.

    "Feeling soft, Melissa?  Feeling lost and trapped in the
    fur, dear?" And her laughter rang throughout the room.

    I could only nod.  She then laughed and took me into the
    other room and began putting my hair up in curlers.  And
    then she applied my makeup.  Once done with this she
    sprayed perfume all over my body and put drop earings on
    me, and a long black cameo around my neck.  And then there
    were the bangle bracelets.  She remarked how soft and
    pretty I was looking.  And she made a point to call me
    Melissa throughout the experience.

    From there she led me into the room and dressed me in a red
    sattin garter with black silk stockings.  Then a black
    sattin bra and a hot pink chemise.  Then she got out some
    4" black leather heels and put them on my feet.  And then
    she put the coat back on me and took my hair down and
    combed it out.  The large soft curls fell around my face
    and shoulders.  Every time that I would move my hair would
    caress my face, putting me deeper and deeper under her
    trance.  I was lost to her.  She asked me how I felt and I
    told her that I was lost in the softness.  And she laughed.

    She then directed me to model my pretty clothes for her as
    she snapped pictures of me.  And I strolled around the room
    extending this leg and that one as I pulled the fur around
    me and became more and more a girl with each step.  I was
    so lost under her spell that I truly had become Melissa.
    She then took me back into the bathroom and sat me down in
    front of the mirror and closed  and locked the door telling
    me to look deeply at myself and to tease myself into
    exploding at least once, if not more. And the door closed
    with her moving about outside the room.

    As I sat there I looked into the mirror and obeyed
    Mistress's request I stroked my C with the fur over and
    over.  The image of the person in the mirror was that of a
    girl.  My ruby red lips, the light blush on my cheeks, the
    drop earings in the shape of a heart hanging from ears.
    And the cameo around my neck.  I was a soft and lovely
    girl.  My long hair spilled around my shoulders in very
    large and soft curls, caressing my face as I moved my head.
    I continued to caress my C over and over.  The more that I
    caressed my C, the more that I knew that the image in the
    mirror was truly a girl.  That I was a girl.  And the more
    that I stroked my C, the more that I felt that I was
    stroking my clit!!!

    Outside of the bathroom I could hear Diane on the phone
    laughing and talking with Annette, one of her girlfriends.
    Then later it was Charlene, and then it was Shannon.
    During the conversations I could hear her tell them about
    how she had reamly finamly done it.  How she had turned me
    into a girl.  In each conversation they must not have
    believed her because she told them that she reamly had done
    it, and that she even had pictures.  Each conversation
    ended with Diane inviting Annette, Charlene and Shannon
    over to see how well she had done with me.  I was so
    excited at this that I exploded in front of me and my body
    jerked as I looked at the girl in the mirror experiencing
    her first orgasm!  And I dried myself off and began again
    to tease myself, as Mistress had instructed me to.

    I could hear Diane moving around the room outside.  I could
    hear the music playing something erotic on the turntable in
    the corner, and hear her laughter as she heard me move
    inside the bathroom.  Her movements, and the image of
    myself in the mirror, began to get me so hard again that my
    body began to tremble and I began to say out loud that I
    was a girl.  I moaned and exploded a second time with my
    saying out loud in a rather loud voice that I was a girl
    and Diane's slave.  I could then hear laughter in the other
    room.

    Finamly, after almost an hour, the door opened.  And I was
    truly hypnotized!!!  In front of me stood Diane wearing
    this hot pink sattin jumpsuit with black 5" heels, and a
    black Lynx coat that came to the knees.  Her hair was
    falling softly around her shoulders with the curls gently
    framing her face.  Her eyes were done severely with dark
    shadow above on the lids.  She then told me to look at her
    and then into her eyes.  She asked me who I was.  I replied
    that I was Melissa.  And she then told me to get out of the
    bathroom and follow her.  As I stepped in front of her she
    then began to tease my C with the fur of her coat as she
    made me look into her eyes.  I became very, very hard as I
    fell deeper under her spell.  She laughed as she could feel
    me get hard.  She told me that she wanted to make sure that
    I was ready for our guests.  And I got even harder.  Taking
    a c-ring out of her pocket she placed it around my C and
    turned it tightly.  Suddenly I felt trapped with my C being
    hard and that I no longer could control myself.  She then
    began again teasing me with her fur. My C got harder and
    harder, but I could not release.  I was beckoming so
    totamly mindless that I no longer knew where I was.  And
    she continued to tease me, making me look into her deep
    eyes.

    It was about five minutes later that we heard a knock at
    the door.  Diane led me to the couch and made me sit on the
    floor by her at the end of the couch.  And she told the
    girls to come in.  The door opened and there were three
    very sexily dress young ladies, their hair falling around
    their shoulders, all dressed in soft and full dresses.
    They immediately looked at me and began laughing and
    giggling.  One by one they told me how much better I looked
    and how they just knew that I would behave now.  And they
    laughed again at me as they walked over and sat down on the
    couch opposite the one that Mistress Diane was on.

    Getting up she told me to 'stay' and walked over to the
    girls sitting on the couch.  She showed them my pictures
    that Diane had taken just before with me.  The girls all
    laughed and talked about what a good job Diane had done
    with me.  They told her how proud they were of her.  And
    how they were sure that she would love having me as her
    slave instead of her husband.  And they loved how she had
    changed me into a girl.  But there were a bit skeptical
    about whether Diane reamly had control over me or not.
    Diane said that I would do whatever she asked me to.  And
    Charlene and Shannon just couldn't believe that.

    So Diane then came back over to where I was kneeling and
    she told me first to bend down and kiss her feet, to
    worship her feet.  As I did this the girls began to laugh
    and say how nice it was that Diane could make me do that.
    Bu they still seemed to doubt that I had been made her
    prisoner.  So Diane had me stand up in front of her.  She
    told me to look into her eyes. As she did this she began to
    caress my C over and over telling me to get lost in the
    softness.  Her perfume, my perfume, her hair, her eyes, and
    the fur were too much for me.  I was getting harder and
    harder.  I was about to explode.  Laughing, Diane asked me
    if I wanted to masturbate for her?  I begged her to let me
    masturbate.  She reminded me that I would have to do it
    right here in front of the girls.  But that she was sure
    that I would do it if she asked me to.  I told her that I
    would.   And she then took the c-ring off of me and told me
    to sit on the floor in front of the girls and to masturbate
    myself to exploding.  As I sat down the girls began making
    comments about how nice my hair looked and how soft I was.
    They told me that I looked so helpless there stroking my C.
    As I listened to their words and looked at their hair,
    their eyes, and their clothes, I became harder and harder.
    I began to moan, at which time the girls then began making
    fun of me for being so soft and feminine.  I got all the
    harder as they then began talking about how I was going to
    learn what it was like to be a woman now.  And with that,
    the fur on my C, I exploded onto a towel that had been
    placed on the floor.

    I sat there saying that I was a girl, my name was Melissa,
    and that I was Diane's slave as my body cooled down from my
    release.  And the girls then laughed at me, and told Diane
    that they were convinced.  That she had truly taken over my
    being and turned me into her slave.  And they loved it.
    But Diane wasn't through.  She then told me to get up on my
    knees and to lift Charlene's dress and to kiss her magic
    spot.  I pushed my head between Charlene's legs and felt
    her soft thighs on my cheeks as I began to kiss her there.
    Charlene was getting hotter and hotter as she laughed at
    me, and the other girls made fun of how lost I was.  While
    I was down there doing that, Diane then walked up behind me
    and inserted her toy.  I was lost in the pleasure of the
    moment and I brough Charlene to bliss and I was embaressed
    and humiliated into becoming hard again.

    Then, with her toy still there, Diane then instucted me to
    do the same with Annette and Shannon.  I obeyed.  When I
    was done, the girls were leaning back on the couch smiling,
    giggling and telling Diane that she hoped that she would
    share me, Melissa, in the future.  Diane told them that she
    would of course share me with them, all the time.  And all
    four of the girls then laughed at how I had become their
    slave.  Diane then had me serve the wine to all of them as
    they talked about me and how they were going to use me at
    the store to wait on the gay guests that would come in from
    time to time, and how they were going to use me at parties
    to please the guests.  They were all a buzz.

    Once the wine was served I was instructed to kneel a the
    corner of the couch on the opposite side of the room as
    Diane and the girls then finished talking.  She turned
    around once and told me to play with myself, and they all
    laughed when I began to caress my C with the fur.  They
    went on talking.

    After about 30 minutes Diane turned to me and watched me
    for moment as I knelt there playing with myself slowly.
    She told me to come and lie on the floor in front of the
    couch.  I did as she told me.  As I lay there, the girls
    all gathered around me, one at each limb.  They began using
    Diane's fur, which she had taken off, to tease me over and
    over.  My c-ring was back on and their hair was falling
    around their faces as they looked down at me, laughed at
    me, teased me, and taunted me with how lost I was, how I
    was trapped and how I was never going to be masculine
    again.  How I was going to be a girl and their slave. I was
    getting harder and harder.  I couldn't release because of
    the c-ring.  But I was getting harder and harder.  I was
    trembling greatly as they continued to tease me.  I finamly
    began begging them to keep me a girl and their slave.  I
    begged them over and over to please never let me go back to
    being a man.  I begged them to lose me in softness forever.
    And they continued to laugh at me. I was begging them.  I
    was talking in a girl's voice and was becoming more and
    more feminine with each passing second.  I could feel my
    mind changing and that I was so lost and trapped that I no
    longer felt like a man in any way shape or form.  I felt
    like a woman.  Like I was one of them, and yet not.  That I
    was one of them in that I was a girl, but that I was not
    one of them in that I was their slave.  I was lost.

    They continued to tease me over and over, with me begging
    more and more to always be allowed to be their girl slave.
    And they continued to tell me that they had no plans of
    ever letting be anything other than their girl slave.
    Finamly, they took the c-ring off of me and teased me to
    the point of exploding.  They then dried me off and began
    again with the teasing.  They brought me to the point of
    exploding there three times.  And by the last time I was so
    much their slave that I would do anything that they might
    ask.  Their slightest wish was my command.

    Diane then had me please each of the girls again and then
    they sat around again and talked while I played with myself
    in the corner.  The evening ended with the girls looking at
    me and telling me that they would expect me at the store
    tomorrow evening at 6:00 pm, dressed and ready to serve.
    Diane told them that she would definitely have me there.
    And they walked out.

    Diane then sprayed me with perfume again and took off her
    jumpsuit and made me please her with my lips for the next
    several hours.

    After we were through she then led me into the bedroom and
    got out a nightie for me to wear to bed.  She then led me
    to the bed and tied me down, hand and foot. Taking a large
    Ostrich feather duster she then began to tease me over and
    over.  She made me explode twice then as she conditioned me
    more and more that I was a girl and her slave.  And I truly
    was.


    The next day for work I wore women's under clothes,
    including a bra under my outer garments.  I was to call
    Diane at noon, in a girl's voice and tell her how I felt
    during th day.  And then I was to wait for her to pick me
    up and take me home to get ready for the night.  I told her
    that I would do as she told me.

    Well, that's the story of my night with the girls.  If
    there are any Ladies out there who would be interested in
    discussing this I certainly would like to hear from you.  I
    hope everyone enjoyed this little story.  It's all true,
    and I've been looking for a Lady ever since to allow me to
    experience this life again.  Be Well....


