                      THE GAME-TWO

It's been a couple of months since I organized the First Game.
The interest on the BBS has been very light from ladies and
couples so its been difficult to get another game going but I was
finally able to do it. Not all the original players were back and
the rules went a bit further this time. Anyone could still leave
at anytime they felt uncomfortable but...I'm getting ahead of
myself.

Bobby, the guy who lied about being married in the first game,
came with his wife. Ann is in her early twenties, dark hair and
eyes with small breasts and a great ass. Mike and Sue, the couple
from the first time, were back. I'm John, and of course I'm back.
That's all of the originals, but there were three new players.
Two ladies, both Flight Attendants. Darla, a very sophisticated
woman in her late forties, played. Darla, a Stew for more than 20
years, is quite tall with a great body (some surgery I think),
and is from New York. And Andrea, a early thirties, 5'6", red
headed Iowa farm girl. The male addition was Paul. Paul is
married but playing without his wife and without her knowledge.
He's an old friend of mine and I asked him to play for one very
good reason. It has to do with HIV.

Safe sex is safe but also dry. And this time the players agreed
to play not just a strip game but a full fledged sex game. All
heterosexual but all the way. Paul had the access we needed to
get an HIV test for all in complete secrecy. So this time we were
four men, four women, and all tested disease free. Now I know all
the shit about incubation period and all that but we all felt
safe and that was that.

I rented a two bedroom suite at one of the best Waikiki hotels.
Both bedrooms had kingsize beds and bathrooms with large tubs.
The livingroom was plenty large for us and the lanai had a
beautiful view of the ocean and leeward coast. Everyone arrived
in time to have cocktails at sunset. We all got to know each
other for a while and by the time it was dark, we were ready to
play.

I dealt seven card stud, all face up, and if you lost... you took
it off. And if you lost five times, you took it all off. Darla
lost the first hand and set the mood. She stood in the center of
the room and removed her dress. The lady had class. There she
stood, in a room full of dressed people, wearing bra, panties,
garter belt, stockings, and high heels. Next, I lost my shirt,
followed by Mike's and Bobby's. Ann's blouse and Andrea's dress.
We were in no hurry. We all knew where it was going. Time out for
drinks. Time to look at the partially clothed bodies. Good fun.

It was almost time for skin. Darla had bra and panties left. So
did Ann. Mike and I in underpants. Paul and Bobby in pants and
underpants. Andrea, only a teddy and Sue with bra and dress. Sue
was the last to lose and had slid her panties off while still in
her dress.

Darla dealt the cards. Ann lost. So Bobby's wife stood in the
center of the room, unhooked the front of her bra, and bared her
breasts for all. She went to sit down but Darla said we all
needed a better look, so she put her arms over her head and
walked up to each of us. We all got a better look. Ann dealt and
off came my underpants. I was pretty hard until then but wilted
with the exposure. I was first to lose it all. And like Ann, I
walked to each player. As I stood before Darla, she cupped my
balls in her hand and I was hard again. Sue yelled foul. No
touching without a penalty. The rest agreed so Darla let go and I
dealt.

Andrea lost her teddy and Sue her dress (only her bra left). Then
Andrea lost again and drew a penalty card. She knelt before each
man for one minute as he got to play with her breasts with hands
only. I went first. First, I weighed them in my
hands...nice...soft...always loved the feel of tit flesh. Sue
kept time and Darla made drinks. By the time we all finished,
Andrea's nipples were hard and erect. I could tell she was
excited because her pussy lips were slightly opened under her red
pussy hair.

I lost again and each woman got to play with my balls and cock
for one minute. Darla went first and she defiantly know her way
around a dick. And so did Andrea. When Sue held me, Mike said he
wasn't going to wait anymore and dropped his draws. Andrea and I
objected. So it was finally decided that those with anything left
could take it off but one at a time and in the center of the
room. Mike put his underpants back on and stood in the center,
then took them off.

Next, Ann showed her pussy. Paul stripped and so did Bobby. Sue
removed her bra and that left Darla in bra and panties. I turned
some music on and Darla stripped to it. For a lady in her late
forties, she had a great body. She had a great body for any age.
Did a really sexy striptease. And there we were. All naked except
for some garter belts and high heels, on the ladies of course.
Fresh drinks all around, some nervous laughter, and talk. After a
bit, I asked if everyone wanted to continue. They all did.

New game. One card, face up. Low card drew a penalty. High card
got the bennies. Darla was low, Mike was high. Darla read her
card then walked to where Mike was sitting. She knelt between his
legs, lowered her head and took his cock in her mouth. Mike's
wife kept time as Darla licked and sucked his dick for two
minutes. Time. Darla dealt and I lost.

I drew a card and read aloud. Blindfolded, I was to eat each
woman's pussy for 30 seconds and identify each one. With the
blindfold in place, I lay on the floor. The first pussy covered
my mouth and I let my tongue explore the lips, clit, and channel.
Easy one. Red hair has a distinctive texture. Andrea. Next was
Darla. I knew by her trim. But I got Sue and Ann wrong. Had I
known what I had to do for a wrong answer, I would have missed
them all.

With my blindfold removed, I went to one of the bedrooms with Ann
and Sue. For the next five minutes, they could have me do
whatever they wanted. First, they put on my back and Ann sat on
my face. As I ate her pussy, she sucked my dick while Sue licked
my balls. Then they changed places. Next, I rimmed Ann's asshole
followed by Sue's. Where did the time go. When we went back to
the livingroom, we saw the others played on without us. Andrea
had the blindfold on and was sucking Paul's dick. She guessed
Mike. And she guessed Mike was Paul. I got into her mouth but she
tasted pussy and got me right. She sucked Bobby just for fun,
because she knew who was left. Andrea took the blindfold off and
read her penalty.

While five of us sat around, Andrea got on hands and knees in the
middle of the room. Paul got behind her and Mike in front. Paul
took his shaft in his hand and wet the head between her pussy
lips as she took Mike's cock in her mouth. Then Paul pushed his
hard dick into her pussy and fucked her. Andrea moaned around
Mike's shaft as they took her from both ends. After a minute, I
called time and they changed ends. At the next change, Andrea was
ready to cum. Darla told Bobby and I to help her climax. I knelt
on her left and took her nipples between thumb and forefinger. I
rolled those hard buds as Bobby moved his hand down her belly to
her hot pussy and fingered her clit. That did it. Andrea came in
seconds.

Darla wanted the same. No cards. No penalty. She got on all
fours. Bobby and I traded off on pussy and mouth. Mike and Paul
were too hot, too close to orgasm. They got tit and clit. I knew
what Darla wanted so the next time I got her pussy, I wet a
finger, wet her asshole, and slipped it in. Darla got off. Then
we went to work on Sue. But this time it was round robin. First I
fucked her pussy while Mike fingered her clit as Paul took her
mouth and Bobby her boobs. Then I fingered her clit, next fuck
her mouth and so on. Sue didn't last long. Ann was faster yet. I
never even got to her face. All the ladies got an orgasm.

I was ready. I mean, I had to get off soon or it was blue balls
time. And I said so. Next thing I knew, I had tits all over me.
They were in my face, in my mouth, in my hands, on my chest,
around my cock, and under my balls. It was heaven. They never
stopped moving. I ate pussy while a pussy road my dick, and
someone licked my balls and asshole. Everywhere I reached, I felt
wet cunt and warm breasts. Not sure which pussy I started to
shoot into but I know Darla's mouth got the rest of my cum. When
I could move, I went for a drink. The four girls were doing Mike.
Saw him start in Ann's pussy and finish in Andrea's mouth. Bobby
got the same except it was Darla's pussy and Sue's mouth. Not
sure who got Paul's. Not sure it matters.

Andrea, Sue, and I showered together. Sue got out and Mike joined
Andrea and I. I left and Ann got in. Went to the other bathroom
to help Paul with Darla. Paul left and Sue got in. I was ready
again. I left the shower, dried off, and mixed a fresh drink.
Darla came to me and we wound up doing side by side 69 in the
livingroom. When I came up for air, I saw three other sets of 69
in the livingroom. I think it was Ann who yelled switch, so Darla
left and Andrea joined me for 69. I got Sue to climax when she
was with me. Ann's pussy was so nice and tight on my fingers as I
ate her. But Darla had the mouth. She got me close. Then I fucked
her doggy until I came again.

We all played until about 1 am. I stayed hard but couldn't get
off again. Finally, we all dressed. Paul left first. Then Mike,
Sue, Bobby, and Ann. Andrea, Darla, and I stripped again and
showered together. I ate them...they ate me. Andrea had the
pussy, Darla had the mouth. I got them both off again with my
fingers and mouth. I fucked Andrea doggy as Darla licked my balls
and asshole. They finally finished me that way.

We slept like spoons. Darla against my back, my arms around
Andrea with her tit in my hand. Sometimes, I'd wake up with
Andrea at my back and my arm over Darla. In the morning, we
showered and played. Ordered breakfast and ate. They tried to get
me off one more time but I had nothing left. Got hard enough to
get into each of their pussys. Their mouths felt great and even
thought I couldn't orgasm again, they did on my tongue. We
dressed and left together. Promised to make the next game.

Maybe next time we should all wear face makeup and shoot a video.
Nice to have to something to remember. As I drove home, I thought
of all the things I worried about before the game. Didn't care if
the women wanted to do bi stuff. They were close to each other
but never did. Nor did the men. Worked out just like I wanted.
Hope it will work again.

End Game Two


