               Open Marriage Chronicles:   "THE GAME"  by Ellen
 
     Although Bill objects to my use of the word, "addicted," that's the best 
term I can think of to describe his attachment to games he learned to play 
in the marines. At the peak of our experiment with open marriage, bi-weekly 
Friday night poker had become a ritual with him his friends, held most often 
at our home. "The game at pier point" was what the players called it, 
referring to our home's wooden pier that stretches out over the lake behind 
our house from the land's edge.  Each evening the pier looks like a walkway to 
the sun that sets across the water. 
 
     Like young boys, they'd nick-named themselves the "nautilus pack" because 
of their mutual membership in a local health club. I usually went to plays, 
concerts, or movies on those nights with a divorced friend, Christine. 
 
     Last May, Christine confided that each of these "pack members" had 
occasional flings, except "of course, for Bill." She had learned this from 
Paul, with whom she was once involved for almost three months. I was a bit 
stunned at her mention of Tom, a one-time seminary student who had been a 
friend of Bill's since their days as Reconnaisance Marines up to 9 years 
before. I couldn't have imagined Tom playing around!
 
     Over the next two weeks I'd find myself awakening after wild dreams with 
faceless men who, I somehow realized, played poker every other Friday.
 
     The day before the next game, I begged off that night out with Chris 
and laid a plan. 
 
     As I helped Bill prepare snacks and drinks, I was dressed in high, red 
heels and a red cotton dress, slit along the side almost to the waist, without 
undergarments or hose; Bill encourages me to dress provocatively and glanced 
at me occasionally, smiling. Because he's a "watcher," he doesn't mind friends 
seeing me in these outfits. 
 
     I'd left my shoulder-length black hair down instead of its usual twist 
and greeted each of the three men who arrived. Each glanced in approval of my 
long, bared leg but of course said nothing about it. 
 
     I served single drinks and snacks in small bowls to make sure my presence 
was frequent; Bill and I took pleasure in noticing their eyes following me to 
and from the kitchen. Finally, I relaxed on the sofa, watching them, my 
stockingless legs crossed and bared by the slit in the dress.
 
     An hour later, Tom pushed from the table and grinned, "I'm out. Sorry 
it was so early, but you guys have been dealing me lousy hands." 
 
     Recognizing my chance, I blurted, "Why don't you use me as your chip?" 
When they asked what I meant, I smiled, playfully, "If he's beaten, the 
winner can go to bed with me." I said it as if a joke, so that Bill could 
give me a disapproving look, in which case I'd back off gracefully, without 
seeming to mean it. 
 
     The men were in a hilarious uproar, with hoots and shouts of "Whoa!" 
and "All right!" 
 
time. I watched Bill carefully; he pursed his lips thoughtfully, then 
smiled, nodding his assent. 
 
     I sobered and told them, "I really mean it. The winner gets ME!"
 
     Assured by Bill that we were serious, the other three men played with 
furious intent, their attitudes changing from playfulness to quiet lust. Now 
and then, they looked toward me as I sat on the couch, my fearful, trembling 
passion rising. I don't know who was the most excited, me or them. 
 
     Bill lost purposely. To hurry the game along, the remaining players drew 
for the highest card. Paul won the draw. All were now breathing heavily, 
leering, as I stood staring at the men in the dimness, the shadow of my figure 
beneath my dress purposely outlined for their pleasure by a table lamp behind 
me. Knowing the danger of not involving them all, I murmured, my voice 
quaking, "I want all of you, but Paul's the winner, and he'll be first." I 
walked up to him, took him by the hand and, blowing a kiss at Bill, turned for 
the stairs to our bedroom. 
 
     My body trembled as Paul closed the door and took me in his arms. "I 
can't really believe this is happening, Ellen," he told me, nervously. Kissing 
me deeply, his hands moved from my back to my soft breasts as I unzipped his 
gray slacks, stroking his stiffening manhood. I was glued to the spot, unable 
to talk; my breasts heaved as he unbuttoned my dress, sliding it to the floor.

    XXXXdelicious sin. I unbuttoned his shirt, then pulled down his slacks as I 
kneeled to worship the long engorged member curving up before me. My hands 
shook as I held his slender hips. My lips trembled, enveloping his velvety, 
purple-veined manhood. As my lips slid up and down his length, my eyes rolled 
up to watch his face. He stared back, chewing his lower lip in excitation as 
his hands gripped my head. Tremoring frightfully, I lay back on our waterbed. 
He hovered above me, spreading my legs, then pushed his cock between my cuntal 
lips as I moaned. I'd wanted to express my passion, but the words caught in my 
throat. My breath huffed in excitation as I stared down at the huge instrument 
sinking into me.
 
     He thrust into me. My cuntal walls smoldered as I mewed with each entry. 
I shut my eyes, then locked my legs around his hips, my body lifting from the 
waterbed with each shuddering withdrawal. Paul's wonderful rod tunneled 
deeper. My mouth formed an "oh" of thrilling ecstasy, my eyes opening widely 
to watch his instrument driving into me. 
 
     The door opened to the room's dimness as Leo and Tom entered, nude, each 
walking to a separate side of our bed. My husband was leaning against the 
doorjam, pumping his cock furiously. 
 
     Paul acknowledged them but continued fucking me as my tremoring hand 
reached to stroke Leo's already hard member. I took Tom's cock into my mouth 
as Leo leaned over to suckle my breast, my screams of pleasure muffled by the 
broad cock fucking in and out of my hungry mouth. I delighted in the sinful 
knowledge that these men were married to my closest friends. 
 
     Paul fucked me with frenzy as I stroked Tom. I took Leo's full length 
between my tremoring lips.
 
     An explosion was building. All were wailing, our eyes glazed. I pumped 
Tom's cock furiously, relishing the feel of his soft outer skin that slipped 
over the hardness beneath. My head rolled in excitation as I felt the 
throbbing of pre-eruption! My hair flailed the air. A firestorm raging through 
me, I thrashed beneath the men like the maiden prize of an ancient conquering 
army. 
 
     Leo's long rubbery cock was sliding through the smoothness of my mouth; 
with each wet entry beyond the back of my throat, I felt the galactic shudders 
of an onrushing orgasm, rolling toward me like an avalanche. As Paul's hips 
gyrated, twisting his cock deep within, my groin irradiated with desire. I was 
whimpering in delight. 
 
     Paul tensed as the breadth of his cock now expanded, inflaming my inner 
coals. "Oh God, yes!" I moaned as I realized he was about to come. I writhed 
in ecstasy as his thrilling tempo increased.
 
     Bill's nostrils flared, his eyes wild as he watched from the doorway. 
Then, he squinted, his lips apart as he gripped his cock. His head snapped 
forward as he groaned, "Oh, Goddddd!" And then, we all were coming in unison! 
I writhed in ecstasy! 3 men! The full galaxy's array of stars were exploding 
in orgasmic super-novas.
 
     Bill and I still re-live that night in the privacy of our bedroom, but 
for reasons I don't have room to repeat here, its history wasn't repeated. The 
rapport and friendship established with these men in a non-sexual way was 
amazing to me. Occasionally in a social situation, a coded remark is dropped 
with a wink, their wives and other friends unaware, but not one of these men 
would dare offend Bill by suggesting to me that we get together on the side. 
 
     Perhaps now you know why I love our lifestyle...or perhaps you can't 
imagine why. I'd like to know your feelings. I'll never try to convince anyone 
to change. I promise.
 
                                   THE END
