GH










                          J  U  N  E

                              by 

                         Karl Schinke












































     
         I never knew her real name,  so I call her June after  the 
     month I first met her. 
         It  was  a hot month,  hot enough to be August,  and I was 
     working at The Lake, repairing the dock.  When the heat got to 
     be too much,  I tossed some beer on the raft and poled out the 
     quarter  mile  to  the rock I call "The Island." It's so small 
     that no one bothers with it, so I enjoy going  there  for  the 
     quiet. 
         I tied the raft to one of the ring of bushes that grows in 
     the  thin soil at waters edge,  got out of my clothes and into 
     the water.  A few refreshing minutes  later,  I  climbed  back 
     out,  grabbed  the  beer and a beachtowel,  and went up on the 
     rock.  I set my stuff down in the shade of  the  island's  one 
     tree,  and  drank  a  can.  Secure in the privacy of my little 
     spot, I dozed off. 
         Shortly,  something woke me,  and  I  opened  my  eyes.  I 
     blinked hard,  thinking I was still dreaming;  for there stood 
     the most magnificent looking woman I had ever seen,  quite  as 
     naked as I,  and apparently totally unconcerned about it.  She 
     was blue-eyed  and  dark  blonde,  stood  about  five-  seven, 
     slender  and  with firm muscles.  Her waist was small,  almost 
     tiny,  with well-rounded hips below a firm flat  stomach.  Her 
     breasts were,  well,  perfect.  Neither large nor small,  firm 
     rounded cones crowned with dark pink jewels just made to kiss. 
         She was  smiling,  and  looking  at  me  very  openly  and 
     frankly.  Then  she said,  in a soft voice with just a hint of 
     some kind of accent,"You are very beautiful." 
         Now.  I'm not ugly,  I admit,  but nobody would mistake me 
     for a movie star, and absolutely no one had ever accused me of 
     being beautiful before!  And to hear those words coming out of 
     such  a  face  and  figure  as  hers!  I'd  like to tell you I 
     replied with something clever, but I was just thunderstruck. 
         "May I join you?" she asked,  seating herself on the beach 
     towel facing me. 
         "Of  course."  I replied.  "Would you like a beer?"
         "Thank you," she said, nodding.  
         I  opened  two  cans  and  passed  her one.  A few moments 
     passed sipping the beer, while I tried to regain my wits. 
         I was getting an erection  despite  the  embarrasment  and 
     despite trying not to. 
         "Oh!  You like my body," she said,  smiling again,  "It is 
     all right. I like yours, too. You have a very nice one." 
         This last she said looking squarely at my by now throbbing 
     manhood.  
         She sipped again from the beer,  then leaned  forward  and 
     left a quick,  brushing kiss on my left nipple.  Her lips were 
     still cool and moist from the drink, and the sensation brought 
     shudders up and down my spine.  I reached out to take her head 
     in my hands to kiss her, but she was up and on her feet in one 
     quick, graceful movement. 
         "I must go now," she said with that smile, and with just a 
     hint of a wiggle of her round, dimpled ass, was off toward the 
     lake side of the Island. 
         "Wait!"  I  called.  "What's  your  name?  Where  are  you 
     staying?" 
         I ran after her,  only to see her climb into a kyack,  and 
     paddle off.  About a hundred feet out she turned and blew me a 
     kiss.  I stood like an idiot and watched the  kyack  until  it 
     passed round a point and disappeared. 
                                         J U N E
         I went to the store, the deli, the gas station, anywhere a 
     person might go, but no one had seen anyone like that. 
         The  man  at  the  deli winked at me and said "Ja,  sure I 
     vatch for dis Blonde of yours. I find out for you." 
         But a week went by, and for all my detective work,  it was 
     as though I had dreamed her. And dream of her I did! 
         Then one late afternoon,  I walked out on the dock,  and I 
     saw a light on the Island,  like a small fire winking  in  the 
     light breeze.  I was on the raft and poling in a flash. 
         I  arrived at the Island,  tied up,  and almost ran up the 
     rock.  She was there,  adding twigs and dry grass  to  a  tiny 
     fire.  I  saw how cleverly the fire had been built in a hollow 
     of the rock- it could only have been seen from  my  direction.  
         She  was  wearing a loose checkered shirt and shorts,  and 
     looked as magnificent as she had that other afternoon. 
         "Hello,"  I  said.  "I've  been looking for you." 
         "I know. Come sit with me." 
         She patted a space on the rock, and pointed behind her. "I 
     brought some things.  I can stay longer this time." 
         I looked where she had pointed,  and saw a blanket  spread 
     on the sun-warmed stone, a picnic basket, a bottle of wine and 
     two glasses standing in the shade.
         We sat close to each other and talked for a while,  though 
     each  time I tried to ask about her - her name,  where she was 
     staying - she would change the subject. 
         At last she smiled her special smile and said,  "All these 
     questions! Come, let us eat and drink." 
         With  that,  she  got  up  with her quick,  graceful fluid 
     motion and walked to the blanket.  Here she opened the  basket 
     and produced a load of bite-size fried things like tempura.  I 
     opened my mouth to say something, and laughing, she popped one 
     in. 
         I joined the fun and stuffed one in her mouth.
         She handed me the wine bottle and corkscrew. 
         It  was  one  of  my  favorites.  I  opened the bottle and 
     ceremoniously poured. She touched glasses and murmered,"To us, 
     and to Now." 
         I sat with my back against the tree, and she slid over and 
     leaned her back against my raised knees,  half facing me.  She 
     pulled the basket closer,  and took another item and put it to 
     my mouth.  I half took it and leaned forward to  offer  her  a 
     share.  She leaned up and bit the offered piece. Our lips met, 
     and lingered a moment before she drew back and chewed. 
         She lifted her hand to my face and drew the outline of  my 
     mouth.  I  siezed  her  lithe fingers with my lips and eagerly 
     kissed and sucked them. 
         With her free hand she began to draw little circles around 
     my nipples and to trace the outline of my ribs.  Even  through 
     the material of my tee-shirt the sensation was delightful! 
         I reached for her chin and drew her to me.  This time  she 
     didn't  draw  away,  but  brought her face to mine with softly 
     parted lips. 
         I traced her lips with my tongue, then gently explored her 
     mouth. It tasted cool and sweet. Then her tongue found its way 
     into my mouth.  I sucked it ever so  gently,  and  she  moaned 
     softly.  
         My left hand played with her soft,  long hair and with her 
     ears,  and  stroked her back,  and eventually found its way to 
                                        Page 3    
                                         J U N E
     her right breast.  The soft cotton of her shirt did little  to 
     hide  the  firm,  yet  yielding  texture  of  that  delightful 
     handful. She began to hum again. 
         I found and opened the  top  buttons  of  her  shirt,  and 
     slowly  began  to  trace  a  line  down  from her neck with my 
     fingers.  She took my hand  in  hers  and  pressed  it  firmly 
     under her shirt. 
         I  can't  describe  the  texture  of  her  skin - the most 
     incredibly delightful feeling.  I gently cupped the object  of 
     my  attention  in  my  hand,  kneading  it,  then squeezed and 
     stroked the jewel that crowned it. 
         While I was busy with that,  her deft hands had pulled  my 
     tee-shirt up under my arms and were stroking my chest and back 
     bringing me goose-flesh and chills. 
         When  finally  we parted from the long kiss,  we were both 
     pumping air like just-surfaced divers. 
         I made to pull my tee-shirt off, but she cried, "Wait! Let 
     me," so I stopped.
         Ever  so slowly and gently,  she pulled it off my arms and 
     over my head, in the process planting  wet  kisses on my chest 
     and neck. 
         She smiled that smile of  hers,  and  I  knew  it  was  an 
     invitation.  So  with  equal  slowness  I  undid the remaining 
     buttons of her shirt,  and very deliberately exposed her  twin 
     delights.
         I lightly kissed the tip of each in turn, then slowly drew 
     the shirt off her shoulders.
         She put her arms around my neck and drew us together until 
     her breasts were brushing my chest, then slowly drew them back 
     and forth against me while I kissed her neck and ears. 
         Then  I kissed my way down her chest to the valley between 
     her perfections, and worked my way up to her now firm nipples. 
     These I  gently  sucked,  licked  and  pulled  with  my  lips, 
     watching them pucker and strain to grow ever more. 
         She was moaning softly again. 
         Then she undid my belt buckle,  and popped the snap of  my 
     jeans.  Ever so slowly she pulled down the zipper, her fingers 
     tracing lightly across my confined manhood. 
         I  could  hardly  contain  my  eagerness,  but  somehow  I 
     equalled  her  deliberateness  in  undoing  her  shorts.  Half 
     seated as we were, the garments would not come off, though, so 
     laughing,  I  got up and removed the remaining clothes from my 
     body, and she hers. 
         "So," she said, "we are as we were when we met."
         The sword of my manhood was standing in full salute to her 
     beauty,  standing an arms length away,  examining me with that 
     frank, open gaze I had first seen that other afternoon. 
         This time it was I who murmured, "You are beautiful!"
         "It is very exciting to see how your body likes mine," she 
     breathed,  and  stepped  toward  me  with  her  sensuous  lips 
     slightly parted, her face lifted for a kiss. 
         I drew her to me,  and lightly brushed her lips with mine. 
     The tips of her perfect breasts touched my chest, and my spear 
     was brushing the inside  of  her  thighs.  She  put  her  arms 
     around  my  waist  and began to brush my back with the tips of 
     her fingers. 
         Gradually the pressure of our  kiss  increased  until  our 
     bodies   were  pressed  together,   and  our  tongues  working 
                                        Page 4    
                                         J U N E
     feverishly at each  other.  Her  hands  grasped  my  buns  and 
     squeezed hard, crushing me against her body. 
         When we parted,  we were gasping for air  once  more,  our 
     inner furnaces in flames.  I licked and kissed my way down her 
     neck,  pausing to nibble her ear.  I continued down her chest, 
     and, cupping her delightful breasts in my hands, squeezed them 
     together until I could lick both nipples at once. 
         Then,  keeping a hold of those wonderful globes,  I kissed 
     my way down to her navel.  Truly the jewel so highly prized in 
     Arabian  writing,  I  thrust my tongue into it,  and sucked it 
     gently.  She worked her fingers through my hair  and  shivered 
     lightly. 
         With my face pressed against her belly,  I became intensly 
     aware of the extremely erotic personal perfume of her arousal. 
     It was intoxicating, and my fires rose to a fever pitch.
         I kissed my way down the softly rounded mound of her belly 
     toward its source,  sliding my hands down her waist  and  hips 
     and around to the delightfully rounded cheeks behind. 
         I nibbled and kissed at her thighs,  her belly, and pulled 
     at  the  curly fur of her love nest with my lips.  So soft!  I 
     blew a gentle stream of air at her down, and she shivered once 
     more, humming a low moaning sound almost like a purr. 
         I looked up at her,  and the light of the setting sun  had 
     turned  her  skin  a  golden  color.  She looked like a bronze 
     statue of a goddess,  perhaps Diana the Huntress,  but  alive, 
     her chest rising and falling with her excited breaths.
         We sank down so that we were kneeling before  each  other, 
     and  we kissed once more,  melting together as though we could 
     become one body through our joined mouths. 
         Her exploring fingers found  their  way  to  my  throbbing 
     stiffness,  and  her  other  hand  cupped under my balls.  She 
     gently played with me, touching,  stroking and squeezing,  her 
     fingers tracing around the crown, teasing out a "teardrop." 
         This  she  wiped  from its "eye" with her fingertip,  then 
     carrying it to her lips, licked it away.     
         Then,  holding each other closely,  we sank  down  on  the 
     blanket.  She continued her playful teasing, while covering my 
     chest  and belly with kisses,  tickling me with her loose hair 
     falling over me.  
         I  turned  my  attention  back  to kissing and teasing her 
     belly.   Her   back   arched  and  her  body  pulsed  with  my 
     attentions.  Finally,  with a small cry,  her hands grasped my 
     head  and drew it between her parted thighs.  I buried my face 
     in the musk of her, the soft parting folds of her.  I explored 
     her with my lips,  probed her with  my  tongue.  I  found  the 
     petals  of  the  rose of her,  and drew them into my mouth.  I 
     discovered the bud of the rose hiding in its  litle  nest  and 
     kissed it, drawing it forth , covering it and circling it with 
     my  tongue.   Her  back  arched  and  writhed,  little   cries 
     bursting from her mouth. I drank of the nectar of the gods.
         I paused a moment to look at her.  Her skin seemed  to  be 
     glowing,  her beauty enriched.  Then she drew up and looked in 
     my eyes with that special smile.  Her face was framed  against 
     the  soft  colors  of  the summer sunset.  Would that I were a 
     painter to capture that moment on canvas! 
         She drew my spear up in her hand then, and with purposeful 
     slowness,  placed a kiss on the point  of  it.  She  drew  her 
     tongue along its length,  around the circle of its crown.  She 
                                        Page 5    
                                         J U N E
     lingered to probe its one  blind  eye  with  the  tip  of  her 
     tongue,  and  then  I  was  engulfed.  I  felt the cool of the 
     evening breeze alternate with  the  warmth  of  her  mouth.  I 
     became  her  ice  cream  cone,  her  toy.  Several times I was 
     brought to the brink, but she skillfully avoided my  eruption.  
     Despite   the   warmth   of   the   evening  I  was  shivering 
     uncontrollably. 
         When I thought I could stand no more,  she drew away,  and 
     lying full length over my body,  covering my face with kisses, 
     she whispered, "I want you inside me!" 
         "Oh, yes?" I asked, playfully.
         "I want you deep in my body," she continued, "I want to be 
     filled with you." 
         As she whispered, almost breathed this last,  she moved up 
     over  me,  straddling  me  like a horseback rider.  Guiding my 
     weapon with her hand,  she rubbed it gently against the  moist 
     entrance  to  her  tunnel  of  love.  Then  she slowly impaled 
     herself, taking first just the head of my weapon,  withdrawing 
     slightly,  then driving in an inch,  withdrawing again, and so 
     on in an inexorable slow  plunge  until  my  proud  sword  had 
     disappeared. 
         Meanwhile, my hands, almost of their own volition, slid up 
     her body, measuring her thin waist, counting her ribs, then up 
     to embrace her twin cones of delight,  and rolled the  berries 
     crowning them between thumb and forefinger.  She slowly arched 
     her back,  pressing her breasts against my hands and deepening 
     my intrusion into her body. 
         So we stayed for  a  long  minute,  coupled,  not  moving, 
     letting our bodies savor each other.  Then my sword,  sheathed 
     in the warmth of her scabbard, pulsed involuntarily. 
         "Mmm," she murmered. "That was nice! Do it again?" 
         I contracted my muscles so that  my  weapon  jumped  again 
     within her,  and her body answered,  squeezing my lance within 
     her. 
         "Uuhh. Can YOU do that again?"
         She  did.   Then  she  smiled,  and  began  slow  rhythmic 
     contractions,  moving on me all inside,  without  any  outward 
     movement.  Never  had  I  felt  anything like this before.  My 
     steel-hard instrument began to pulse in  response,  increasing 
     the internal motion. 
         I raised my head and replaced my hand with my lips on  the 
     hard raisin of her right nipple. 
         "Ohhh," she sighed, "I like when you do that."
         My hands went to her hips,  where they  guided  her  in  a 
     gentle thrusing while my mouth was busy kissing and sucking at 
     the roseate haloed glories which she offered me in alternation. 
         Then she leaned forward,  and kissed my mouth,  her tongue 
     entering me in mimicry of the sword  within  her.  She  slowly 
     moved her tongue in and out. I received it eagerly. 
         Holding me clenched tightly within her,  she extended  her 
     legs,  one at a time,  so she was lying full upon me.  She 
     brought her legs together, clasping me within, and pumped her 
     hips gently.
         Holding  her  tightly with my arms,  I rolled over so that 
     she was now beneath me. 
         Her  hands  began  a  dance on my back,  and her feet slid 
     behind my knees.  I withdrew my weapon almost completely  from 
     her,  and  slowly  teased  at  the  entrance with slow,  short 
                                        Page 6    
                                         J U N E
     thrusts. 
         "Mmmm, mmmm, ooooo," she murmered.
         Then I plunged deeply, burying myself.
         "OOhhhh!"
         I  repeated,  setting up a three - one rhythm.  I began to 
     nibble and lick her earlobe. 
         "Uh...  More...  Ohhh..." she panted.  My own  breath  was 
     labored. 
         Not wanting to bring myself to culmination yet,  I paused, 
     and as I did so, she drew her knees up beside my ribs.  I drew 
     her legs around till her calves were resting on my  shoulders, 
     then  resumed.  My  plunges,  aided by the new position,  were 
     probing new depths. 
         "Ooo...mmm...mmm...MMMM...OH!...OHHHHHHHHHHHH"
         Her   hands   and   feet  began  to  flutter.   Her  belly 
     contracting,  her love tunnel became a  furnace,  heaving  and 
     convulsing. I pressed in deeply, mashing by pubic bone against 
     her lovebud, the point of my spear throbbing deep within her. 
         "NNNNNNG!...MMMMMMM!...OHHHhhhh!...Oh!...Ooh!...H!...H!"
         The depth of her orgasm was incredibly exciting.  Her skin 
     became radiant, almost glowing.  Her eyes glazed.  Her nipples 
     erected so far they seemed to burst. Watching her, I was ready 
     to trigger. 
         "Ohhh...Please...MMMMM...You too", she panted.
         "No.  Not  (mmm)  yet.  I  want  (ahh)  you  to  have (mm) 
     another." 
         A few moments of inactivity. 
         Calmer. My internal fires subsiding slightly, I lifted one 
     of her legs over my head,  and turned her.  Still coupled,  we 
     manouvered so that she was kneeling before me, her magnificant 
     buttocks  raised  toward  me.  I reached around and under her, 
     one hand cupping a breast,  the other finding her love  button 
     and gently stroking it.  I renewed my rhythmic thrusts,  which 
     she answered by rocking back onto me. 
         One of her hands found the sac of  my  scrotum  and  began 
     caressing  my  balls,   gently  squeezing  them,  her  fingers 
     stroking them. 
         I brought my hands to  her  back,  scratching  it  gently.  
     Then  I moved them down,  my fingers tracing her spine down to 
     the valley between the dimpled globes of  her  rump,  then  to 
     feel and squeeze the flesh of them.  
         I watched,  fascinated,  how our organs fit together.  How 
     her  flesh wrapped around me,  clinging to me on withdrawal as 
     though reluctant to let go,  then turning  inward  again.  The 
     sight was too much to bear. 
         My  thumb  strayed  to caress and stroke the soft purplish 
     pucker of her postern gate.  It was wet with the  overflow  of 
     her  passion.  I  played with it,  my fingers dancing lightly.  
     She squirmed and moaned again, driving back onto me. 
         "Yes!...Ohhh...MMmmm"
         A red fire began  somewhere  in  the  small  of  my  back, 
     coursing  down  the  nerve channels,  striking my balls afire.  
     Vaguely,  through the hot red flush overtaking me,  I knew she 
     was cumming again. 
         "OOHHHHH!" she said.
         "Gah!..Nng!...Ohhh!" I replied.
         Again  and  again my cannons fired.  I felt it would never 
     stop.  I was transported.  There  was  no  island,  no  world, 
                                        Page 7    
                                         J U N E
     there were only the two of us, sharing a rapture eternal. 
         Gently,  and  still  coupled,  we  sank  together onto the 
     blanket, both face down,  breathing as though the air had gone 
     elsewhere, leaving us in vacuum. 
         When breath returned,  I kissed the nape of her neck,  her 
     ear.  
        "Mmmm, don't stop." 
         "Not for a hundred years or so!" 
         She pressed  her  legs  together,  trapping  my  softening 
     member within her. 
         "I  didn't  think it could be like that,  first time," she 
     whispered, almost to herself. "It's supposed to take practice, 
     getting to know each other." 
         "That's what they say," I replied. "Perhaps there still is 
     Magic in the world." 
         I kissed her shoulder. She giggled slightly.
         "That's not fair.  I can't kiss you,  lying this way.  But 
     if  we  move,  you will slip out,  and I still want you inside 
     me." 
         "Then be still and let me kiss you."
         "But I can't see you either."
         "It's getting dark, anyway."
         "The moon has risen.  It is nearly full tonight.  It  will 
     be  bright enough to see.  Ah.  See what your moving about has 
     done.  You have fallen out anyway.  Let me turn over." 
         I let her.
         She took my face  in  her  hands  and  kissed  me.  I  was 
     holding myself up on my elbows,  not to crush her, but she put 
     her arms around me and hugged me hard. 
         She reached out and pulled the basket closer.
         "I'm hungry, are you?"
         "Yes, and thirsty. Where's the wine?"
         We ate and drank,  lounging closely together.  I could not 
     keep  my hands from her body.  Her breasts tantalized and drew 
     me to them. She did not object, in fact enjoyed the attention. 
         I wondered how we could be so easily  at  home  with  each 
     other,  our  first  time together,  and hardly knowing a thing 
     about each other. I was astounded how it didn't seem to matter 
     at all.  I was content to be with her, to touch her delightful 
     skin, to hear her voice, and just to be in her presence. 
         "I am filled with you." she said, after a while.  "You are 
     dripping  from  me,  and making a mess!  Do you always make so 
     much?" 
         "No," I laughed. "You have drained me completely. An empty 
     shell sits before you." 
         "Oh, no.  That would be a shame. The night is so young..." 
         "Yes,  'and  you  are  so  beautiful.'  Don't  fret,  I'll 
     recharge!" 
         "Let's  wash  off  in the lake." She sprang up and started 
     for the water. 
         "Hey.  We just ate.  Come over  here,  there's  a  shallow 
     place." 
         We  splashed and played in the water like children,  until 
     the cold numbed our toes,  and we walked back up onto the warm 
     stone, drying in the light breeze. 
         "Have   you   'recharged'  yet?"  she  smiled,   eying  my 
     still-limp manhood. 
         "Doesn't look that way. I told you I was empty."
                                        Page 8    
                                         J U N E
         "Well. Let's see about that."
         She  took  my  soft  stub in her hand,  and began to play, 
     rolling it,  kneading it.  The fires began to stir again in my 
     belly.  She tickled it with her damp hair, drawing the strands 
     across its knob. 
         Then  suddenly,  she  pounced upon it with her mouth,  its 
     softness disappearing completely.  She drew on it, pulling it, 
     stretching it,  pulling her head back.  This time it was I who 
     moaned.  Slowly at first,  then more rapidly,  it responded to 
     her attention. She continued to attend to it. 
         I reached my hand to her  round  rump  and  played  there, 
     gently  touching the folded softness,  stroking the insides of 
     her thighs,  lightly stroking  the  wide  valley  between  her 
     buttocks, lightly pinching the well-muscled globes. 
         "Let me return the favor," I whispered, tugging at her.
         "Mmm,  of course." She moved over me, bringing her musk to 
     my nostrils,  and once again I felt my fires  heat  to  it.  I 
     drew her down to me.  I reached up with my tongue,  searching, 
     exploring.  I nibbled at the  opening  folds,  probed  at  the 
     tunnel they uncovered. 
         She  resumed her activity,  working subtle magic on my now 
     stiff member with her lips and tongue. 
         I teased at her little bud with the tip of my tongue, then 
     circled it with my lips and sucked at it.  Then, flat-tongued, 
     I stroked it.  Each stroke and tease brought  forth  a  little 
     shivering sigh. 
         My  tongue  explored  further,  finding  her  other,  more 
     puckered opening,  and probed at its soft tightness.  I kissed 
     and  sucked  at  it.  When at last the gate opened slightly to 
     admit my wet tongue, a gasp of delight escaped her lips. 
         As my tongue traveled from one delight to the other in the 
     valley of love, she began to make soft,  musical sounds in her 
     throat. 
         She  was  not idle,  either.  Taking first one of my balls 
     into her mouth and gently sucking it,  then  the  other,  then 
     returning  her  attention  to  my  shaft.  Then she did a most 
     remarkable thing- with her teeth she ever so gently  began  to 
     gnaw  on  my  shaft  head.  The  sensation was incredible!  My 
     frenzied heat rose.  
         "Mmngmum," I moaned into the folds of her flesh.  
         I  worked  at  her  feverishly  with  my mouth,  trying to 
     pleasure her everywhere at once.  Then I  brought  my  fingers 
     into play.  Carefully wetting two fingers, I squirmed one into 
     each aperture, burying them to the second knuckle, while using 
     my mouth and tongue on her button. 
         "UmmmMMMmm," she cried, her lips around my spear.
         She carefully wet a finger of her own and probed  into  my 
     rear, gnawing at me all the while. 
         We  both  began to moan and hum,  the vibrations adding to 
     the stimulation.  The fires were rising again,  and I felt the 
     flood  beginning.  She pressed the fingers of her free hand up 
     under my sac,  stemming the tide.  I felt the  explosion  turn 
     inward,  blasting  my  senses  again  and again.  It seemed my 
     skull would explode! 
         At last her body quivered  and  shook  and  with  a  small 
     muffled cry,  she released the dam,  and working my spear with 
     both hands, her lips tight around the corona, she sucked at my 
     reservoirs, swallowing all I produced eagerly.  
                                        Page 9    
                                         J U N E
         My fingers were clamped tightly in her body by the  spasms 
     that  shook  her.  Her  musky  wetness  covered  my face.  Her 
     button danced on my tongue. 
         Once again we had reached the pinnacle together, and I was 
     transported not only by my own pleasure, but by hers as well. 
         When at last she released the grip she held on my  fingers 
     and  my  spear,  leaving  a last kiss on her love-bud,  I slid 
     myself around to face her,  and lying on our  sides,  we  held 
     each other tightly and kissed, our bodies still trembling. 
         "See,  she whispered,  half into my parted lips, "You were 
     not empty after all. And now you will be part of me forever." 
         "And you of me," I replied, sucking my fingers.
         "We seem already part of each other," she said.  "I  still 
     can't  beleive  it's our first time together!  It seems almost 
     that we have been together before, often, long ago, and are at 
     last rejoined." She laughed then and said,  "Perhaps  you  are 
     Apollo and I am Aphrodite." 
         "You  are  at  least  as  beautiful,"  I replied,  my hand 
     cupping her delicate breast once more. 
         "Give me some wine, Apollo"
         I reached around and  poured  a  glass,  and  on  impulse, 
     filled my mouth with it, then kissing her, shared it with her. 
         "What  a sensual creature you are!  And how my body reacts 
     to you!" she murmured. 
         "I was about to say that to you. But who are you?"
         She smiled again, and with a quiet, serious look, replied, 
     "Aphrodite. Here, have some wine." 
         Taking the glass from my fingers,  she  drained  it,  then 
     covering my mouth with hers, shared the wine. 
         "Tell me what you like." I suggested.
         "Oh,   the  trees,  the  lake,  your  body,  this  island, 
     moonlight, touching you, you touching me..." 
         "Yes.  But I mean,  what sort of things might you want  me 
     to  do?  What pleasure can I give you?  Something perhaps that 
     you've dreamed?" 
         "Oh.  But you already  have,  my  Apollo!"  
         "Mmm.  I know.  But maybe there's something more?" 
         "Ah,  well.  I want you to do everything you know  how  to 
     do,  then  do  everything  you can think of to do,  then a few 
     things you've never thought of,  then  when  you  run  out  of 
     those, start all over again!" She laughed. 
         "Hm. Well," I laughed too. "Is there any more wine?"
         "Uh,"  she  twisted  around  to  look,  giving  me  a most 
     delicious view of her back and rump. 
         How beautiful she was in the moonlight,  now quite bright, 
     the moon having climbed the ladder of the sky, hanging big and 
     round  overhead.  Her  skin  seemed to shine silver,  her hair 
     spun white gold. 
         "Yes," she said at length.  "But you will have to open the 
     other bottle. We finished the first." 
         "All right.  You know,  I have several bottles of the same 
     chateau in the cabin ashore.  Shall I get  it?  In  fact,  why 
     don't  we  pack up and go there.  A body so soft and beautiful 
     should not be roughing about on a rock!" I stood up,  ready to 
     do so. 
         "Oh,  no,"  she cried.  "I don't want to go indoors.  Gods 
     like Apollo and Aphrodite  should  never  be  crammed  into  a 
     building." 
                                        Page 10  
                                         J U N E
         "But  even  the gods will get mosquito bites,  and if this 
     breeze stops they will be here by the thousands, and your skin 
     should never be so mistreated!" 
         "No.  Please.  This is now our  island.  It  is  ours  and 
     only  ours.  I  want  to  stay here.  There is nothing here to 
     pollute tonight.  We have another bottle,  and some more food.  
     There is some french bread and cheese." 
         She was lying belly down on the blanket, propped up on her 
     elbows, watching me. 
         I  nodded.  "Yes.  It  IS magical here.  And it's cool and 
     pleasant." 
         "You look so beautiful standing there in the moonlight.  I 
     think you really are Apollo." 
         I sat back down,  and stroked her back,  my hands straying 
     over her delicious dimpled rump. 
         "And  you look like a silver statue come to life.  Hand me 
     the corkscrew?" 
         While she reached out for it, I made a pillow out of extra 
     folds of the blanket for her.  
         "Oh!  Look what just fell from the sky!" she laughed.  She 
     propped herself on the makeshift pillow,  half turning on  her 
     side, and watched me open the bottle. 
         I  poured  out  two glasses.  We sipped quietly,  while my 
     hands returned to their play. 
         "How long will it take for you to 'recharge'  again?"  she 
     suddenly asked. 
         I chuckled.  "You are insatiable!  Honestly, I don't know. 
     You stir things up in me like never before." 
         In fact,  to my amazement,  I was stirring  already.  Just 
     watching her,  the curve of her hip,  the smooth round dimpled 
     globes of her bottocks,  her breasts falling slightly sideways 
     as  she  lay,  her hair cascading over her shoulder,  a strand 
     waving in the light breeze... 
         And  something,   I  didn't   quite   know,   indefinable, 
     beautiful.  
         On sudden impulse I said,  "Lie back,  get comfortable.  I 
     want to give you something." 
         She did. With a confident, trusting look. And then I knew. 
     The something indefinable.
         "You trust me." It was a statement.
         "Why, yes," she answered. "completely. And you trust me." 
         "Yes. I don't know why, I don't care to know why, but that 
     is the way it is, the magic of it, isn't it." 
         She  laughed  again.  "Yes.  Why should the gods fear each 
     other?" 
         I  kissed  her  then.   A  tender,   brushing  kiss   that 
     transmitted  both  tenderness,  and  the  heat  of passion.  I 
     wanted to give her the orgasm of her life. 
         I lifted her legs up,  then raised her hips until she  was 
     in a half- shoulder stand.  I parted her thighs,  and kneeling 
     before her,  I propped  her  up  on  my  legs.  Even  in  this 
     ungainly position, she still looked graceful. 
         Again I marvelled at how beautiful she was.  The valley of 
     love  which  opened  before  me,  filling my nostrils with its 
     heady perfume,  also filled my eyes  with  delight.  The  soft 
     butterfly  folds  partly  concealed between the soft mounds of 
     her outer lips,  the soft curling downy fuzz.  I  stroked  her 
     thighs  with  my  fingertips.  I  kissed  the stretched fleshy 
                                        Page 11  
                                         J U N E
     mounds of her rump, nibbling at them gently. 
         I blew a stream of air across the the slowly parting folds 
     of her, and gently traced a line around them with my fingers. 
         I kissed gently at the soft mound of flesh over her  pubic 
     bone, pulling lightly at the soft curls there. 
         "Mmm. You tease." she sighed.
         I  moved  slowly  downward,  kissing gently at the pouting 
     lips.  I moved back to look at her.  
         "Oh,  don't stop!" 
         "I want to look at you.  You are so incredibly beautiful." 
         I touched my tongue to the crease between the frilly  pink 
     petals and her thighs, tasting the curved hollow on each side. 
         I  watched  the  warm butterfly wings begin to open,  then 
     gently and languorously sucked at the fleshy folds of her, one 
     at time.  I felt their heat increase,  heard her sighs  deepen 
     with my slow attentions. 
         I  drew  back  again  to  gaze  at her,  hypnotized by the 
     delight before me.  I drew my fingertips  across  her  cheeks, 
     along  the moist mounds of her lips,  then gently thumbed them 
     apart, revealing the soft,  smooth,  glistening valley between 
     the  scalloped  inner  lips,  the little bud at their junction 
     pulsing slowly. 
         Then slowly, with my tongue extended, I descended. 
         She sighed,  then moaned with my gentle invasion.  I  drew 
     my  upper  lip  across the nest,  buried my tongue in the soft 
     folds of her tunnel. 
         Extending the blade  of  my  tongue  till  it  ached,  and 
     pressing my mouth tightly against her,  I opened the gates.  I 
     withdrew my tongue,  then extended it again,  tasting the warm 
     moistness of her canal. Then I began circling it within her. 
         The taste of her was driving me wild.  The blood roared in 
     my ears. I felt the veins of my neck throb. 
         I withdrew again,  and traced my tongue upward to the nest 
     of her love bud.  I nuzzled at it, drawing up the inner valley 
     to tease at it again and again. 
         Each touch brought another gasp from her. 
         I began a gentle  tongue-  brushing,  starting  from  just 
     behind  her  rectum,  flicking  up across the soft flesh,  the 
     heated tunnel entrance,  and  ending  with  a  caress  of  her 
     erected button. 
         On  each  trip,  I  felt  the  little  ring of her postern 
     opening press out, then draw back,  felt the superheated folds 
     of her love tunnel seeming to grab for me, her love- button to 
     press at me. 
         I  felt  her  muscles  begin  to  tighten,  and relaxed my 
     rhythm, spending more time, warming her further.  I wanted her 
     to crest more slowly and higher than ever before. 
         Slowly she relaxed,  but her hips had taken up a motion of 
     their  own.  Taking their cue,  I matched the tempo,  pressing 
     into her, sucking at the extended button,  the fleshy,  frilly 
     labia.  I  kissed  at her rearward opening,  it's tight little 
     pulsing ring .  I gently invaded  it  with  the  point  of  my 
     tongue,  my  little  blade  alternately  pressing wetly in and 
     being pressed out. 
         Once  again,  her  muscles  began  to dance,  once again I 
     eased.  Her bud pressed outward, I teased gently at it,tracing 
     the root of it with my lips and tongue.  Her gasps  rose,  her 
     hips rotated, pressed up to me. 
                                        Page 12  
                                         J U N E
         This time I went on.  Her belly heaved, her nubbin danced. 
     But  I  didn't  stop.  I  knew  there  were further depths.  I 
     ground my face into her,  sucked  at  the  nest  of  her  bud, 
     stabbed  at  the little wad,  rolling it between my lips.  Her 
     ecstasy rose ever higher. I knew she had cum, but I went on. 
         "Ohh.  Ohh.  Oh please stop.  No,  don't stop.  Ohh.  Oh." 
     She babbled.  
         My  tongue and lips worked almost by themselves.  I became 
     intoxicated, lost in the heady ecstacy I was inducing, lost in 
     the taste of her.  My mouth  locked  over  her  entire  organ, 
     sucking  it.  My tongue became a fiery blade,  circling within 
     her body. 
         I pounded my tongue into her,  though my jaws  ached,  and 
     the  base  of  my  tongue  stretched  painfully.  My  face was 
     drenched with her  creamy  fluids  and  my  own  spittle.  Her 
     nubbin  ground  at my nose,  my slippery chin pressed into her 
     rear. 
         Her babbling became incoherent,  little cries interspersed 
     with  animal  growls.  Her  hips  bucked violently against me.  
     Her feet came up and her heels began to pound at my shoulders.  
     I continued to gnaw at her.  Her fingers wound  into  my  hair 
     and  pressed  my  face  into  her.  My  aching  hard spear was 
     throbbing tumultuously.  My blood roared in my ears,  my  body 
     was trembling. 
         I  pursed  my  lips  around  her  love button,  sucked it, 
     licking it, drawing the flat of my tongue across its head. 
         I inserted  a  drenched,  soaking  finger  into  the  soft 
     puckered ring of her rear opening. 
         Her  voice  broke into sobbing gasps,  the violence of her 
     hip motions peaked,  her sphincters  clamped  hard.  I  almost 
     came myself. Her motions began to subside, and I sensed it was 
     enough.  I eased my aching tongue, and gently kissed at her. 
         I  looked  up  at her face.  Even in the moonlight I could 
     see how flushed she was.  Gently I let her hips down onto  the 
     blanket, slid down beside her, and stroked her sweat- drenched 
     belly with my fingertips. 
         I kissed her cheek.
         "Ohhh." she sighed. "so long.  It went on for so long.  It 
     seemed it would never end.  I didn't want it to end.  I almost 
     couldn't stand it, but I didn't want it to stop." 
         She  put  her  arms  around my neck and drew me to a long, 
     long kiss. 
         Her body was still trembling.  She smiled, ran her fingers 
     through my hair, and placed wet kisses on my lips. 
         "Mmmm.  That was good," she breathed  into  my  neck.  She 
     reached over me,  her rose-tipped cones brushing my chest, and 
     took up the wine. 
         Pressing her lips to mine, she filled my mouth. 
         I brushed her back and sides with my fingertips.
         "Did you say there was some cheese?" I asked.
         "Um, hum."
         Again she reached over me, her twin peaks brushing me ever 
     so lightly, and,  breaking off a piece of cheddar,  offered it 
     to me with her lips. 
         I took the cheese, sucking her upper lip briefly.
         "This  is  the  best way to take food," she said.  "Lovers 
     should never have a meal any other way!" 
         She broke another piece of cheese,  and again offered  it.  
                                        Page 13  
                                         J U N E
     I took it the same way, and gave half back. 
         She bent and licked up the crumbs from my chest, lingering 
     at  my  nipples.  She  ran  her  hands  up  and down my chest, 
     pressing gently here  and  there.  I  wondered  if  the  Roman 
     emperors had been ministered to as well. 
         We ate quietly for a while, savoring each other as well as 
     the food.  
         After a while, she lay down, cradling her face on her arms.  
         How  beautiful  she was,  I marvelled again!  The curve of 
     her back,  narrowing to her small  waist,  broadening  to  her 
     smooth hips, the firm globes of her cheeks like rounded hills.  
     Her slim but well- muscled legs, so shapely.  Even lying still 
     there was a fluid grace about her. 
         I rose, and squatting over her legs,  began to massage her 
     shoulders  and  back.  I  kneaded at the muscles,  finding and 
     easing the little knots. 
         "Ohh. That feels good." she murmered.
         "For me,  too," I answered,  for it did.  The feel of  her 
     skin, the texture of the flesh beneath, was a sensuous delight 
     in my hands. 
         I worked the muscles across her shoulders, then down along 
     her  spine.  A  little  side trip to the muscles above her hip 
     bones,  then back down over the  kidneys  to  where  the  twin 
     hollows  of her dimples lay.  I trailed my fingers back up her 
     spine to her neck,  massaging the muscles,  then  worked  back 
     down. 
         Next, I turned my attentions to the muscles of her thighs, 
     kneading them alternately, working down to the calves. 
         I  turned  around  and massaged her feet,  gently kneading 
     their bones, rotating the ankle joint,  easing the tensions in 
     the toes.  When I finished,  on impulse,  I sucked her big toe 
     into my mouth. 
         Turning  around  again,   I  worked  the  muscles  of  her 
     buttocks.  What  delights they were!  
         "You make  me  feel  so  relaxed,  I'm  afraid  I'll  fall 
     asleep!" she whispered languorously. 
         "Feel nice?"
         "Mmmm. Good. It's sleepy and sexy at the same time."
         As  I worked at her buttocks and thighs,  her legs parted, 
     and I changed position so that I was  kneeling  between  them.  
     The  sight  and  feel  of  her body was exciting,  and soon my 
     sword, still whetted from my last activities,  was standing in 
     salute, announcing my appreciation of her beauty. 
         I  leaned  forward,  and  began  to apply my tongue to her 
     neck,  kissing and bathing that delightful skin.  I bathed her 
     back,  licking each bump of her spine, tracing the outlines of 
     her shoulder blades. 
         "Ohh. Mmm. Good. But wouldn't you rather I rolled over?"
         "Mmm. Perhaps, but later."
         As I bent over her  back,  applying  my  tongue  to  every 
     delicious  inch  of  her  back,  my spear fell into the valley 
     between her cheeks.  As I moved up and down her  back,  so  it 
     moved up and down that delightful rift. 
         "Mmm,"  she  murmered,  squeezing  her  buttocks  together 
     around it, "That feels good too.  
         "Have you ever...  that is,  would you like  to...  Um,  I 
     mean, make love to me THAT way?" 
         "Yes,"  I  replied,  "I want you that way too." 
                                        Page 14  
                                         J U N E
         "I've  never  done that.  I've always been afraid it would 
     hurt." 
         "Don't be afraid." 
         "I'm  not,  with  you." I bent and turned my tongue to the 
     valley, and to the little ring hidden there.  I wet my tongue, 
     invaded, wet again. 
         "Ummm," she hummed.
         I gently wet my weapon against her,  then placed its point 
     to the little puckered target,  and pushed  gently.  The  door 
     was shut tightly.  I wet my thumb and gently pressed it to the 
     portal,  which  opened  slowly  to  my  insistant pressure.  I 
     returned the point of  my  spear  to  the  portal  and  gently 
     pressed once more.  Suddenly,  with a cry of surprise,  then a 
     sigh, the door opened, allowing the point to enter. 
         "Are you allright?" "Ohh,  yes.  It feels so  big.  It  is 
     very  exciting.  Ohh.  It  doesn't hurt at all,  it just feels 
     big." 
         I entered a bit further, the tight, hot doorway fanning my 
     fires to a white heat. 
         "Mmm. Let me move on you," she said, wiggling.
         I gently withdrew,  sliding back out.  She got up  on  her 
     knees.  Carefully,  I  renewed the fluids,  adding some of her 
     own,  now flowing dampness,  then held the point of my  weapon 
     against its target. 
         This time it was she who pressed, and the door opened more 
     quickly, admitting me easily. 
         I held her still a moment, then gently and slowly entered.
         She  began  to  moan  again,  and she moved back and forth 
     slowly, each rocking motion capturing more of me. 
         "Oh. Mmm. More," she murmered.
         My blood was roaring in my ears,  my heart pounding in  my 
     chest, the exotic intimacy making we wild. I began to groan. 
         I  squeezed  her  cheeks,  then found her drenched lovebud 
     with my fingers, my other hand going to her breast. 
         "Its good," she cried. "Ohh.  Yes, rub me there.  Ohh."
         I rubbed her lovebud,  and entered her love tunnel with  a 
     finger.  
         "I'm going to...  Ohh!  Ohh!" She pressed back against me, 
     my spear throbbing far into her  body,  the  tight,  hot  anal 
     canal surrounding me, squeezing me. 
         "Ohhhhhhhh!"  she  cried,  grinding  my  hand  against her 
     button with one hand.  Her sphincter  pulsed  around  me.  Her 
     hand  released  mine  and sought out my sac,  which she rubbed 
     gently against her wet labia. 
         "Ahhhhhhhh!" The cry burst from my throat as,  despite the 
     depletion of my reservoirs, once more my tired cannons roared.  
         Once again we collapsed together,  my weapon caught in her 
     body. 
         "Ohhh,"  she whispered,  "I had no idea.  Ohh.  Its...  so 
     different. so good." 
         "You get me so hot," I  said.  
         I  gently  moved  my  member  within  her.  
         "Oh!  Please pull out slowly...  Ohh.  Mmm." She giggled," 
     I might not be able to sit for a week!" 
         "I might not be able to walk," I laughed. 
         Once again we embraced and kissed  as  the  fires  banked, 
     and, twined together, we fell asleep. 
         I  woke  once in the night.  It was almost dawn.  Her head 
                                        Page 15  
                                         J U N E
     was nestled on my shoulder,  her legs twined about  mine,  her 
     hand holding my sword. 
         I smiled, and, fondling a breast, went back to sleep.
         When I next woke, the sun was well up the morning sky, and 
     she was gone.  I searched the island, but no sign of her.  The 
     blanket  was still there,  though the basket was gone.  When I 
     went to the pile of my clothes  to  dress,  I  found  that  my 
     tee-shirt  had  been  replaced  with  a  checkered  shirt that 
     buttoned the other way. 
         I found some marks on the stone,  written with  the  burnt 
     end of a stick: "Goodbye, my Apollo.  I love you." 
         Though  I searched the lake and nearby town for months,  I 
     never saw her again. 
         Were it not for a checkered shirt and a blanket,  I  would 
     think I had dreamed it all. 
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
                                        Page 16  
