
BALLS ON THE MAT

        We have seen each other at the gym, the beach and in the locker
room at school. We have never met or talked. We have seen each other
in all states of dress and undress, but we have never touched. We
are attracted each other's muscular builds, the broad shoulders,
large well developed pecs, the bulging biceps, and strong legs. Both
of our baskets contain ample equiptment and we dislay them with pride.
At 6' you are taller then me at 5'10", you weigh 185 pounds to my
165 but are builds are proportional to our relative sizes. We are
also equally handsome, with moustaches and short hair. One night
we are in the same bar, each talking to our own close friends, but
well aware of the other's presence. By chance we both end up at the
bar to order drinks. The crowd closes in, if as by design, we are
pressed tightly together. We smile at each other, but neither speaks.
I notice that you are pleased with our forced meeting and enjoy being
in contact with me.

        I comment, "Boy it sure is crowded in here tonight you can hardly
move!"

        You respond "It sure is, and since it appears that we won't be going
anywhere for a while my name is Bill."

        I smile back and say "I'm Dave, we might as well become better
acquainted." We are both pleased with our successful meeting. Since
we are both quiet and a little shy, neither one of us is really good at cruising

        We wander back to our separate circles of friends but we both keep
a close watch on the other. When most of our friends have drifted
off, I look directly into your eyes and head for the john. Soon I
sense your prescence behind me in line. You wrap your arm around
me and allow it to slip down to my ass. I let my left hand drop,
and it quickly finds your bulging basket. Your balls are huge and
your cock hardens, as I stroke your crotch. As we turn and face each
other, you slip your hand into my levis and grope my stiff dick and
hot hairless balls. While we are waiting for a free urninal, we talk
again and find out that we both like to wrestle, generally no holds
barred but also free style. We agree to get together later that night
for a private match of muscle and .... After we relieve oursevels
of several used beers, we return to our friends and excuse oursevels.
When I find out that you don't have a car, I offer to drive you home.

        In the car we continue to discuss wrestling. When I mention that
I am a member of a local wrestling club and that I have a key to
our private workout room, your eyes light up, and your hand slips
between my legs and cups my basket. I return the grope. We reach
our destination, an old wharehouse in the industrial part of town,
hard and ready. We step out of the car and I unlock the front door.
There is only a night light burning but I know the way to the room
where the mat is by heart. As we climb up the dark stairs, I flip
on the light switch, illuminating the mat with a soft glow. After
we reach the top of the stairs, we step over to the benches and undress
each other. When we are stripped to our jocks we embrace and hold
each other in a bear hug. We walk hand in hand to the center of the
mat.

        We assume the referee's position, I am on the bottom, but that will
soon change. When you slap my gut to signal that you are ready to
wrestle, I sit out and escape. Now we are both standing and facing
each other. We close and lock up, each grabbing the back of the other's
neck, as we search for a opening to excicute a take down. I am handycapped
because of your heigth advantage and your longer arms. I attempt
to take you down with a double leg take down but you block me. You
grab my right biceps, drop to one knee, shove your right arm through
my crotch and throw me with a fireman's carry. I fall on my back.
You land on top of my chest, your arm still buried deep in my crotch,
your biceps flexing against my jock encased balls. As I struggle
to escape your hold, you flex your biceps even more. With each squeeze
my cock grows harder, as you feel it lengthen, you realize that I
really enjoy having my balls worked on. To throw you off of me I
place my hand over your jock pouch, and with a mighty heave toss
you off. Again we are both standing, but our cocks are straining
at the fabric of our jocks, attempting to poke a hole in the mesh
pouches. We lock up again, this time I take you down, but instead
of a fireman's carry I slip my right arm under your left arm pit
and grab your right biceps. I rock you back and forth several times
until you loose your balance then I lift with my right arm and pull
down with my left. Suddenly your feet are off the mat and you are
flying through the air. I drop you on your back and fall across your
chest, you have become the victim of a laterial drop. I snake my
left arm around your neck and lock you in a half nelson, then I manage
to join my hands together and you are locked in a craddle. After
you realized that I have pinned your shoulders to the mat you give
in. We both roll around the mat, just enjoying each other's manly
body and scents. We are both sweating profusely from all the muscle
flexing excerise.

        Playfully you rip my jock off, allowing my cock and balls to hang
free. Immediately I hook my fingers into the bottom of your jock
pouch where the leg bands come together and yank your jock off, the
waist band drags across your stiff dick before it springs free. Again
we are equal, equally naked, hot, hung and horny. Sweat is running
down our foreheads, and the hair on our chests is matted and sweat
soaked. We resume our wrestling match by starting on our knees instead
of standing. But as we grapple with each other our sweatly bodies
will prevent either of us from completing many effective holds. We
are both trying to gain the advantage over the other, but each time
that it appears that one of us will gain the upper hand the other
escapes and we must start all over again. After several hours, we
are finally getting winded. We wrap our arms around each other and
crush our bodies together in mutual bear hugs.

        When I accidently force my thigh against your balls, you let out
a long sigh. When I look puzzled, and appologize for bumping your
balls.

        You reply "Don't stop! I really enjoy it."

        Your balls are much larger than mine and the skin of your sac is
much thicker. You explain that your balls are relatively insensetive
to pain and the fact that you have trouble finding people that understand
this. "The two choices seem to be either some maniac that wants to
castrate me or the other extreem someone who just doesn't understand
HOW to play rough, the results are usually the same, I end up with
sore nuts. But you seem to know what you want and how go get it."

        We start off easy each fondling and caressing the sac that hangs
between our legs. We squeeze and knead each other's balls working
them back and forth in the bag of flesh that contains them. You go
down on my fat stiff dick and take all it in your hot mouth. Your
tounge flicks across the head of my cock stimulating it more as you
attempt to suck the juices from my nuts. Then I twist around and
kiss your balls, running my tounge all over your SAC, tasting and
savoring every part of it before I suck your left nut into my mouth.
Your balls are so big that I cannot get both of them into my mouth
at the same time, so you will just have to let me work on one at
a time. When I stop sucking on your balls and take your rigid pole
into my mouth, you exchange my balls for my cock and suck on them.
I suck in my breath and let out a low moan when you have both of
my balls in your mouth at the same time. When I accidently slap your
balls, you say to me "You can pull, chew or squeeze my balls as much
as you want, but don't hit." I say that I'm sorry, but I have to
find out what your limits are.

        My fingers find your loose sac and I wrap my fingers tightly around
your low hanging nuts, traping your balls. Slowly I begin to squeeze
the two orbs between my fingers, using the steel talon like grip
of my right hand. Thene I begin to twist your sac, pulling and stretching
it to the limit of its elasticity. Your huge balls are straining
for relief from their confinement even while I am trying to compress
them into a smaller mass with each passing second. The pain is approaching
the excruting point, when I suddenly relax my grip and allow your
nuts to spring free, returning them to their original shape and size.
With the sudden release, you almost pass out as the blood surges
into your testicles with the speed and force of an express train.
The blood vessles expand and your balls swell with the pressure,
but your freedom is short lived as my hand clamps shut on your sac,
flattening your nuts again. I pump your balls with my muscular grip,
alternately squeezing and releasing them, like one would use a tennis
ball to develop one's fore arms. With each cycle I increase the pressure,
little by little, until you are begging for me to stop and not bust
your balls. When one hand tires I switch to the other until finally
the fingers in both of my hands starting to cramp from my constant
flexing of the muscles in my fore arms as I ever more brutely massage
your balls. I allow you to regain your breath because your breathing
has become heavyer and heavier with each new squeeze. Then I begin
to use my thigh to press and rub against the thick skin of your abused
scrotum. You become estatic as I force my leg into your crotch and
rock my thigh back and forth against your cock and balls in a sawing
motion, trying to separate your right NUT from the left, while my
thigh grates against your rigid dick. Again as my leg begins to tire
I trade off and use the other, until I bring my right knee up and
begin to dig it into your crotch. I use the hard bony point of my
knee to grind your balls even more as I force it deeper into your
balls much like a miner would drill into soild rock seeking a vein
of gold. I begin to slowly grind your balls against your pubic bone,
again flattening them and forcing them apart. While I have your nuts
separated with my knee, I force them against the soft tissue of your
sac, stretching it further. I continue to test the toughness of your
gonads, stimulating all of the nerves in your scrotum and testicles,
sending rivers of pleasurable pain coursing through your body. Your
balls are churning with excitement and seeking to unload the massive
load of cum that you have generated and saved up for this special
occasion. You are moaning loudly and your body is rolling from side
to side from the intense stimulation I am inflicting on your bulging
basket. Your head is rolling from side to side as I continue to grind
your balls with my knee and rub my hard muscular thigh against the
tender underside of your rigid cock. I am driving you mad with the
intense pressure that I am applying to your leather sac. Your are
nearing the point of orgasimM, your jock is dripping with precum
juices that are flowing in enough quanity to throughly bathe your
cock and balls with the thin slipperly clear fluid. There is enough
to lubericate my thigh and to reduce the coeficient of friction to
near zero, allowing our flesh to slide almost effortlessly. Quickly
I realize that you are about to release that massive load of cum
that is straining to erupt like "OLD FAITHFUL" at Yellow Stone Park.
Your body is spasming with the approaching ultimate relief, when
I suddenly stop administering pleasure to your hard, swollen manhood.
I seize both of your wrists with my hands, locking my fingers tightly
around them. I force your hands away from your joy stick to prevent
you from gaining instant satisfaction, as I slide my body over yours.
I press my hairy, sweaty chest against yours and our nipples grate
against each other, causing them to harden into small vocanoes. As
our sweat slickened bodies slide against each other, our groins meet.
Our stiff dicks come in contact for the first time and the two rigid
prongs work against each other heightening our mutual affection of
each other. Our shaved balls bang together as our hips grind together,
cock to cock, balls to balls, and bush to bush. I slip my rigid cock
lower and lower until I drive it into your scrotum attempting to
spear your balls, to impail them with my rigid tool. Slowly I grind
the tip of my battering ram against your sac, smearing both your
juices and mine over the smooth surface, until your balls are drenched
with the slick sticky fluid. As we both seek to release our loads,
I begin to use my stiff dick as a battering ram, pounding it into
your nuts, first the left then the right, left, right, left, right.
Again and again the head of my cock tries to penetrate your scrotum,
with each thrust I massage your two orbs of pleasure, the quivering
flesh is restrained by the thick layer of skin. Soon your whole body
is quivering with excitement, just waiting for the proper moment.
Ooohs and aughs escape from your lips as your body arches. The tension
is growing stronger and stronger, I release your wrists. You wrap
your large muscular arms around my back and clamp our bodies even
closer together, almost causing the sweat and jucies to squirt from
between them. Then I stop grinding your balls with my cock and replace
it with my thigh. As we continue to rock back and forth, our bodies
sliding effortlessly against each other, I rub my thigh along side
your cock and press it against your balls. Finally we both have reached
the limits of our restraint, we can no longer contain the ultimate
release. Our cocks erupt with a massive flow of cum, filling every
gap between our tight stomachs, mingling with the sweat and hair.
Again and again the waves of thick white fuild issue from the tips
of our cocks. With each new blast, our balls spasm and contract until
they have emptied themsevels and our sacs have schriveled and contracted
tightly against our crotchs. We continue to clutch each other tightly.
Our hands wander aimlessly over each others body, searching for some
part that did not receive its fair share of attention. Our hands
finally slip between our cum drenched bodies, our fingers worm their
way into each others groins. Until they reach the other's spent balls,
with one last heavy squeeze we both fall asleep.
