The misogynist club:

The gavel banged against the oak table twice. The auditorium filled with people became quiet. At the front 
of the room, on the stage, a man in a business suit stood behind a podium, wielding the gavel. But there was 
something wrong -- he was wearing a mask, as were all the men in the audience -- almost 1 hundred of 
them.

The leaders mask was of a white bird, with a golden beak. White feather fanned backward, giving him a 
regal look. The white bird was a sign of purity. The one this club had adopted.

You see, this was the first ever meeting of the misogynist club. The leader, whose code name was bitch-
killer, had over the past few months quietly and carefully assembled all of the men in this room into a club 
dedicated to the advancement of man. Bitch-killer realized, as did his hand-picked friends, that men are 
inherently superior to woman. They all balk at the idea that our society gives woman any freedom at all, 
none-the-less important positions in business and government.

So these men formed a secret organization to promote their views and give each other strength in the long 
twilight struggle against the forces of feminism.

For the first time, bitch-killer addressed all the assembles men: "gentlemen, let me thank you for coming 
here today. I believe, as do you, that it is of utmost importance that we remember woman are just objects, 
to be used and abused at will. As this is the first meeting, we should get some ground rules out of the way.

"first, we are all equals here. This is why we wear the masks. Let none of us ever know who each other are, 
lest someone's betrayal ruin our cause.

"second -- there is almost no need to say this -- any man betraying us, or found in sympathy for a woman -- 
is a traitor, and will be summarily dealt with.

"now, just so all of us are clear on it, let me state out loud the purpose of our group:

"we are assembled here to be the judges and punishers of womankind. It will be a long and arduous 
process, but we shall be victorious in the end. The name of our club says it all -- we hate woman. They must 
suffer, and their suffering will bring us much pleasure..."

Shouts of jubilation and cheers of agreement came up from the assembled group. One man wearing a black 
devil mask with horns, his name tit-masher, shouted, "death to the fucking whores!"

Cunt-burner added to that, "but not until we have our way with all of them!" This caused much laughter.

The leader let the merriment continue for a while, then banged his gavel to get the room quiet.

When the room hushed, he spoke. "and now, our first trial... This one was captured by nipple-biter..."

From the other side of the auditorium, a door opened. A masked man, his mask that of a laughing jester, 
and two more men led a struggling woman into the room. The men gasped in astonishment -- she was 
beautiful. No, not beautiful... Cute like an angel. Her big brown eyes were topped with just the hint of lovely 
arched eyebrows. Her long curly blond hair fell to the middle of her back. Her teeth were shining white, her 
lips juicy red.

She was wearing a thin floral blouse and a white dress. She had white ankle-socks and white running shoes. 
Her peachy complexion contrasted nicely with the virginal white. Bitch-killer explained, "we caught her 
coming home from a dress up dance party. There, she had refused to fuck a man..."

A shocked gasp came from the assembled men. "bitch..." They muttered, "cunt..."

"what's her name!" Asked girl-beater.

"Crissy," said the leader, "Crissy Monica."

By this time, the three men had brought the terrified girl to the front of the room. As they forced her on her 
knees, she babbled, "no... Please... What are you doing... Let me go! Let me go!" She started screaming.

"silence her!" Commanded the leader. Nipple-biter roughly grabbed a hand-full of her golden hair and 
forced a black ball-gag into her complaining mouth. She was reduced to mere grunts now. Someone 
commented, "that's how a girl should be... Gagged and quiet..."

"until of course we have use for her mouth!" Much laughter.

A few bangs of the gavel brought quiet to the room. "Crissy..." The trembling girl looked up, "you are 
hereby charged with refusing a man. If someone wants, he may speak on her behalf..." The room was quiet 
except for a few incredulous giggles.

"very well. You are found guilty and shall be summarily punished!" Crissy started crying, tears staining her 
adorable face.

"the floor is now open to any man to voice an opinion how she should be punished!"

"we can all fuck her..." (leader: "for starters...")

"how bout her tits! I brought some electrical wire. I bet she'd scream real nice if we whipped her tits with 
it?" (leader: "interesting...")

"spank her rear-end until it bleeds!"

"cum on her face..."

"...and hair..."

"...hell, cover her perky body with cum!"

"I like seeing girls with rubber bands mangling their tits!"

"I wanna stick my boot up her ass!"

"burn her!"

After about a half an hour of suggestions, the leader had made up his mind.

"in this court of law, Crissy," she raised her face, terrified by all the things the men wanted to do to her to 
look of the leader, "you have one chance to redeem yourself, if you can come up with a punishment to rival 
all the others here, you will be found sufficiently submissive to be let go."

Nipple-biter removed the gag keeping the bitch quiet. She had a perfect opportunity to be found innocent, 
but all the girl could find to say was... "please don't hurt me, I’ll do anything..."

*slap* *aaahhhhiiii*

A slap from nipple-biter to the girls face, a sneer of disgust on his, followed by a wail of pain from cute 
Crissy.

"stupid whore, " spat the leader, "you truly are worthless. String her up!"

Frightened, Crissy  scrambled away from the hands groping for her and started running to the exit, 
screaming her head off. But one man tripped her and she fell flat on her face with an *umph*. More hands 
clawed at her, firmly seizing her ankles and wrists as she was dragged kicking and yelling by her hair back to 
the stage.

When they let her go, she huddled in the fetal position on the ground. The men surrounding the helpless 
whore laughed as they butted her with their toes.

"cry for us, bitch!" Said several men. Crissy, terrified, complied.

More men grabbed her and forced her to stand up. Her wrists were handcuffed together and lifted above her 
head and placed onto a hook hanging their, which was raised. She was gagged again, this time with hemp 
cord that forced her lips far back into a permanent smile.

Soon, her feet were lifted off the ground. Several men grabbed her kicking legs and roped her ankles 
together and then her knees.

At this point, several men wanted to get her right then, but bitch-killer managed to keep control. He told 
everyone the rules.

"now here, we have a blond bitch hanging for our pleasure. Everyone will get a chance at her. From up a 
line. When your turn comes, you have two options... Remove one article of her clothing or beat her 
exposed flesh with whatever implement you brought. Her face is off-limits: we don't want to ruin her cute 
smile. Oh yes, and each man must do a second thing... He must degrade her verbally. And each man must 
say something different."

Girl-beater asked, "if we whip her, how many strokes do we get?"

"well..." Though bitch-killer, "she's 20 years old, so... 20 sounds good."

"one last thing. As you all know, we here at the misogynist club have a ranking system based on how cruel 
we have proven ourselves to be to the stupid hunks of meat we pleasure ourselves with. For this little tit-
bag, the following points are offered -- 20 for a piece of clothing, 1/2 per whip stroke. Also, you get 1 point 
per tear she sheds under your care. 5 more per scream elicited. If she goes unconscious -- 50 points."

"everyone set? Let's go..."

The first man, ass-fucker came up. He looked up carefully into Crissy's wide eyes, which begged him for 
mercy. "Crissy," he said slowly, "you are a fucking bag of meat and it is my pleasure to be part of the group 
that reduces you to a spineless sniveling whore." 

Since there was no flesh exposed yet to whip, ass-fucker removed one of her shoes and carried it off stage 
with him, where he watched and masturbated as the others came up.

Her other shoe was removed and a sock before any of her creamy skin became exposed for whipping.

"yes!" Uttered Cums-in-hair, as he approached the helpless blond. Crissy was already crying steadily. Wire 
whip in hand, he looked up at her, "Crissy," he said, "I’m going to hurt you now. Why? I need no reason -- 
I want to. And think, cutie... I'm only number four. There are 90 more horny men behind me."

Crissy shook he cute blond head as he lifted up her legs and stroked her bare sole with the wire whip. He 
sneered up at her... "One!"

*snap*

Crissy screamed and jerked in the air, but Cums-in-hair held her still. He waited till she settled down and 
then "Two!" *craaa---ck!!!*

The men behind him cheered him on. "Whip her!" "Hurt the pig!" "Make her squeal real nice!"

"Three!!!"

*snap*

Cums-in-hair racked up the pain points when Crissy let out a caterwaul on the fourth blow. Hearing her 
scream, distorted through the thin gag, he lost control and began whipping her foot with a vengeance. The 
wire whip dragged out red marks into her tender sole.

The men continued to cheer him on till he had delivered all twenty blows to her foot. He smiled "Next!"

Smacks-behind came up next. "Enjoy that, Crissy darling? Can't wait to see your breasts whipped like that."

Smacks reached up and unbuttoned her thin blouse. He had to tear it off, because she was still tied up.

The next man came up. Crissy looked at him with fear in her wide eyes. "As much as I’d love to hurt you 
Crissy, I want to see your ass... Imagine, your honey ass will be bruised and bleeding by the time we're 
done." And he removed her skirt.

She was still wearing bra and blue undies, but the next man wanted to whip her. He took off his belt, double 
it up in one hand, and proceeded to strap her back side.

*smack* went the belt, raising a welt on her tanned backside. "Filthy bitch!" He said. *smack* *smack* 
*smack* Crissy screamed, tossing her blond head as the blows rained down on her. *smack* *smack* 
*smack* *smack* *smack* *smack* The poor twenty year old had never known such pain, and her 
screams proved it.

When he was done, the man looked up into her face and laughed. He mocked her, "Poor little Crissy. Did lil 
ol me hurt you? Shame on me... But you shouldn't be so damn hot!" Laughing he went away.

The next man sneered at her, "Time we see those tits of yours cunt!" And ripped off her bra. Her tits sprang 
free. They were shaped like tear-drops and turned up at the ends into largish nipples.

The next three men enjoyed abusing her fresh tits. The first took solely the underside of her left tit, laughing 
and smiling as he smacked it again and again with a yard-stick. He laughed each time her tit sprang into the 
air, accompanied by a yelp or scream from the poor girl. "Hey Crissy!" He laughed, "this is pretty funny, 
don’t you think." The blond moaned in pain.

The second man wasn't so kind to her. He had a cat-o-nine tails and whipped both of her tits with a fury. He 
racked up the points for screams. The bitch's face was turning blue, she was screaming so much.

It turned out most of the men wanted a shot at her tits, with only a few paying attention to her ass and puffy 
cunt. By the end of the ordeal, her tits were puffy and bleeding in several places. One man had used a meat-
tenderer on her thighs, and they too were horribly mutilated.

Finally, they were done. Crissy, her mind a numbed fog, prayed that her ordeal was over, that they'd let her 
go. They even cut her down, and let her lay prone and naked on the floor. She feebly covered he tortured 
tits with her still handcuffed hands. Bitch-killer removed the rope from her mouth and she felt blood come 
painfully back into her lips. As she gasped for air, she was horrified to hear.

"Ok. That was pretty good. Has this fucking 20 year old cunt felt enough, guys?" A unanimous "No!!!" 
Went up from the assembled men. Crissy groaned. She didn't know if she could take any more.

She tried to close her eyes, but then she felt someone sit on her stomach! Strong hands grasped her 
beautiful hair and forced it painfully up, while more hand forced her eyelids open. The man sitting on her 
was big and fat. He had his cock in his hand and was massaging it to its full length.

"Ready, woman?" He asked, but didn't wait for a reply. He painfully yanked up her swollen tits and placed 
his cock between them. He squeezed her orbs around his shaft and masturbated herself. She tried to look 
away, but the hand wouldn't let go of her hair. Several men were wanking on it. She heard with horror - 
"Hey! Let's play tug-a-war!" - just as a huge glob of cum splashed into her face.

As another man replaced the first, masturbating until he shot a stream of hot sticky cum into her face, 
several men grabbed her hair and began pulling it in different directions. The roots were being pulled 
painfully out. Crissy began to moan, a long high-pitched wail. Several more men cummed at her at once, 
getting it into her eyes and mouth. She spat the slimy fluid out and got smacked hard upside the head. "You 
drink our cum, bitch!!!"

She began again to cry as almost a hundred men crowded around her, all eagerly cumming in her face. After 
the twentieth man colored her glorious face, they strapped her down spread-eagle to the floor. Several men 
held her head still, her scalp bleeding slightly where handfuls of hair had been yanked out. More men came 
on her face, then still more. Slowly, the smelly white cum was drowning her, and the howls of the men's 
laughter made it worse. Still, more men came forward, spurting onto her face until nothing of her flesh 
could be seen. Her eyes stung from where cum leaked in; she swallowed as much as she could until it felt 
like she had swallowed a gallon of cum. The girl, just barely out of her teens, screamed. This made the men 
laugh again and give each other hi-fives.

When poor Crissy’s face was lathered with almost a hundred-men's cum, the leader shouted "Clean her 
off!"

Crissy couldn't see; didn't know what he meant. But then a spray of something hit her face and started 
washing the cum off. She thought it was water, but as several more streams came in and she started to smell 
it past the cum in her nostrils, she realized what it was...

"Piss on the cunt!"

The men all pissed on her. The leader pissed on her several times. Her hair became wet with urine, and her 
bruised and cuts on her tits and thighs and face stung. A hundred men used Crissy’s delicate body as a 
toilet. Soon, while there were still some thirty men to piss on her, the other men got bored. They amused 
themselves by sticking various objects up the captives cunt.

Accompanied by the girls screams, they put glass bottles and sticks and even forced a brick up into it. 
"Round whole ... Square object..." One of the men, a physics teacher, giggled as the brick tore its way into 
her soft pussy.

When the pissing was finally over, and they could see once more their girl's adorable face, Crissy again 
wondered if it was over. But the men weren't done with her yet. The best part was to come.

"Crissy," asked bitch-killer, holding the trembling meat by her hair, "will you ever deny a man again? Have 
you learned..."

A whisper escaped her hoarse throat, "Yes... Anything..."

The leader smiled at her sweetly. "Good, I’m glad," he said, stroking her tits and cunt gently, "then there is 
only one last thing to prove to us you know your place..."

He let her go and handed her a white hot metal brand...

"On your tit, burn out the words, "filthy whore"

Crissy stood their trembling. But the girl who one hour ago wouldn't have let a man see her tits had been 
broken. Her pretty face scrunched up in pain and she screamed louder than ever as she brought the brand 
against he sensitive tit-flesh. It took almost ten minutes and she passed out four times from the pain, but 
finally she'd engraved the words onto her tits.

Crying, she looked at the leader, "now... May I ... Go?"

He smiled, "yes," he said, "your coming home with me. You're my new slave, bitch."

"did you really think we'd let you go free again?" Laughing, he dragged the sobbing girl to his car. If Crissy 
thought her trial had been painful, she was wrong... Her new master new the meaning of pain. He tied her to 
a machine that used her tits like screws. She became used to being used as a bathroom -- bitch-killer refused 
to use a toilet it he had a girl-mouth around. He used her pussy as a bowl to drink boiling-hot soups out of. 
And he raped her almost non-stop. This lasted nine-months, until he got bored with her and let her go. But 
no-one believed the thing that spoke to them was ever a high-class coed, and she lived out her remaining 
years lonely and cold on the streets.

And all because she wouldn't fuck a man who'd asked.
