                             THE NIGHT


     I went down to the hotel bar at about 8 pm.There were 
few people at the bar and lots of empty booths, so I took 
a booth that had a good view of the T.V. This cute waitress
about 24,named Sara came to take my order,she was 5'2" with 
shoulder length black hair.I ordered a beer and watched her 
cute little ass as she walked away.
      I had been there for about an hour and a half,and had 
enough beers to loosen myself up, so the next time she came 
by I struck up a conversation with her.Being that it was slow 
she went and got us both a beer and sat down to talk with me.
She would talked with me for about fifteen minutes then had to 
get back to work,but she made sure to come by every minute or 
so just to see how I was doing.
       Before I knew it it was 11:30,Sara came by to tell me 
that the bar would be closing at 12.She leaned over,giving me 
a peek at her breasts,and told me to meet her by the front desk,
she would be done with closing up at about 12:15.I was stunned 
,sure I had flirted with her a little but this was not what I 
was expecting.I finished my beer and left at 11:50.
       At 12:15 she came out with another waitress, I hadn't
noticed her.She introduced me to Lisa.Lisa looked about 23 and
was taller,about 5'8", with long blond hair.She was wearing a 
short white skirt and a peach 1/2 shirt with no sleeves.Sara had 
changed from her waitress outfit and was wearing some very short 
cut-off jeans and black sleeveless shirt.They offer to take me 
to a good country-western bar that stayed open until 2 am.I'm 
not a big fan of country- western but I couldn't turn down a chance 
a going anywhere with these lovely girls.
       Since I had a 4 door rental car I suggested that we 
take my car.Lisa noted that since I had had a couple of 
beers that she should drive "Besides,"she said,"I know the way." 
We went out to the car and I hopped in the back so that Sara and 
Lisa could sit up front,but Sara hopped in the other side and slide 
over next to me.
     I asked how far it was to the bar and Lisa told me it 
would take about 5 minutes to get there.Sara pulled out a 
joint and fired it up,she inhaled and passed it to me.I took 
a long hit and paased it to Lisa,"Not right now,I'm driving",
she said.Sara and I took turns taking hits until we got to 
the bar.Once we had parked Lisa asked me to pass it to her.We 
let her take most of the rest since Sara and I had already burned 
about 3/4 of it.Lisa finished off the last few hits and said,
"Lets go!"She got out of the car and walked quickly to the entrance.
I started to get out when Sara pulled my arm"Lets stay out here
for a bit",she said in a voice that made my cock hard as a rock.
I climbed back in and locked the doors.She began to softly kiss my 
neck and nibble my ears.I could feel my cock begin to swell and 
gave her a long deep kiss.She leaned her head back against the 
seat and I began to work my way down her neck with soft nibbles 
and little kisses and licks.Sara moaned and I could tell she was
getting HOT, shit I was about to pop out of my pants! She reached
up and began to undo the buttons on my shirt.She had my shirt 
wide open and was gently rubbing my nipples.She pushed me back 
against the seat, straddled me and began to slowly undo her shirt.
When she had all the buttons undone she pulled her shirt open ,
she had no bra on,exposing the fullest tits I had ever seen on 
a girl her size.She leaned forward and I began to suck on each 
one, licking around the nipples until they where 2 little pebbles.
She moaned softly, pulled my head between her breast and began to 
kiss my ears.She was getting very HOT as she started to rock back 
and forth on my lap,I could feel the heat from her crotch as she 
pushed against me.The windows of the car where totally steamed over 
and you could smell the smell of sex in the car.I put my hands on 
her thighs and tried to slip my fingers up her shorts but she pushed 
them away and climbed off my lap.Sara knelt on the seat next to me 
and began to undo my belt and fly.She slid my pants down just enough
to free my cock, and began to lick the head like an ice-cream cone.
I leaned back to enjoy this unbelievable blow-job.Sara gripped the 
base of my cock and began to deep throat the entire 8",I could feel 
her tongue licking around the shaft and base.With her free hand she 
gently squeezed my balls and with every squeeze I felt as though I 
was going to cum.While she sucking my cock I begin to pinch her rock 
hard nipples and stroke each of her tits,this makes her moan and she 
starts sucking my cock like I couldn't believe.Sara could tell right 
when I was going to cum and immeadiatly took my entire cock in her 
mouth,I shot my load and I could feels every contraction of her throat 
as she swallowed the entire load.She then licked my cock down and let 
me get in another good sucking on her fantastic tits.It took about
5 minutes before I had recovered,and we straightened ourselves out
and went into the bar.
      We got a booth towards the back and orderd some drinks,
we hadn't seen Lisa yet but I was more interested in Sara 
right now.We began to make out like teenager in the booth when
I heard Lisa,"What took you guys so long, I've been waiting 
for 30 minute for you two to come in." Lisa sat down with us 
and we all had a beer.I excused my self and went to the bathroom.
As I was waiting in line to get in,Lisa came up behind me and 
put her hands around my waist and whispered into my ear,"Sara 
told me about what what you did in the car,I hope you have 
something for me too!" I turned around and Lisa put her arms 
around my neck and gave me a deep wet kiss.I pushed her back 
against the wall and began kissing her neck.She was breathing 
heavily and said,"Come with me." She took my hand and lead me 
into the woman restroom.Luckily no one was there at the time,
Lisa pulled me into a stall and sat me on the seat.She unbuttoned 
her shirt and sat on my lap facing me,"Unsnap me.",she said.
I reached up and unsnap her bra(god I love front hook bra's)
and her 36 tits fell free.I massaged them softly as Lisa leaned 
back against the stall door.I pulled her up and sucked each 
nipple until she moaned.She leaned back against the door and 
pulled her skirt up revealing the sexiest white lace panties 
I'd ever seen.I could just make out her pink lips thru her 
panties and I could tell she was close cropped.She took my 
hand and put it on her thigh,I started to massage her thighs 
and gently rub her quickly moistening pussy lips.I slid her 
panties to the side and began to rub her clit.She sighed and 
gasped as she started to cum from all this ,her pussy was very 
hot and almost dripping.I began to slowly insert two fingers 
into her pussy and she reponded by spreading her legs and 
rocking on my hand.Lisa tits where bouncing up and down as she 
fucked my hand and she kept moaning and gasping as she came over 
and over again, her pussy juice began to run down onto my pants.
Lisa stood up and turned around,She lifted her skirt up revealing 
her round ass and bent over sticking it right up to my face.
I pulled her panties to the side and began to finger fuck her 
pussy and lick around her ass hole .She moaned louder and began 
to shake as she came again.I stopped for a second,to catch my breath,
she looked back and I heard her moan softly ,"More,Don't stop",
her eyes where almost rolled back in her head and she was 
breathing deeply.She took her hands and spread her cheeks further
apart and I dove back in.I took my middle finger and began to 
finger fuck her now moist ass hole as I ate her pussy.
Lisa was cumming hard now and rocking back to met my finer 
as I workered it in and out of her ass.Finally she let out 
a loud moan and gasped for air ,she was skaking hard from 
her last and largest orgam, and her juices where running 
down her thighs like streams.Lisa turned around and gave 
me another deep wet kiss,then buttoned her self up and opened 
the door and headed out.I had been so busy I had forgotten I 
had to pee,My dick was so hard that it was hard to get it 
aimed down to the bowl.I open the stall door went to the sink 
to wash off Lisa pussy juice from my face,then I headed back 
to the booth.
       Sara was sitting there alone with a smile on her face, 
I could tell Lisa had told her what happen but Lisa was nowhere 
around."I don't think I can take you anywhere",Sara said,"Lisa 
told me I missed your best action,but I think I got a pretty 
good feel of what you can do.Besides the night is young it only 
1:15 ." With that she got up and headed to the dance floor where 
I saw Lisa was already dancing with some guy.He was trying to 
grab her ass as they danced but she kept pushing his hand away 
and giving him an innocent little smile.Sara came up and they 
where dancing in a group,I could tell the girl really loved to 
tease this poor bastard and he was thinking they wanted him.
When the music stopped the girls headed back to the table and 
he started to follow them.They sat down next to me,one on each 
side, as he came up to the table."ANy of you two lovely ladies 
want to dance?",he asked with a wide smile and his country 
accent."FUCK OFF, Billy-Bubba-Bob", both girls said, and he sulked off.
We each had another beer and then decided to leave since it was
almost 2:30,closing time.
        We decided we should go back to the hotel since both 
girls had left their cars there.All of us piled into the front 
of the car,with me stuck in the middle.I had on hand on each 
girls thigh and they both put my hand right on their crotch.
I was glad it was a short trip to the hotel.
       We got to the hotel and went straight to my room.Sara lite
another joint and we passed it around.The girls were pretty stoned,
as was I, and horny so when I pulled out my video camera and my 
portable cd player the girls were up for anything.I put in a 
good cd, mounted my video camera on my tri-pod and jokingly told 
the girls to do a striptease for the camera.With out hesitation 
they started to do their sexiest striptease.I immeadiatly started 
the camera rolling and sat in a chair to watch.Each girl was trying 
to outdo the other,I told them not to hurry.Sara was wearing only 
her shorts and Lisa was in only her panties and bra when I couldn't 
keep my self back any longer.I took off my shirt and walk over 
towards them,I was starting to undo my pants when Lisa got on 
her knees and slowly pulled them down far enough to let my cock 
stick straight out.She looked up at me with a sly smile and began 
to suck my cock, Sara stood on the bed in front of me and slowly 
slid off her shorts exposing that cute little ass I had admire 
in the bar.She pulled my face to her tits and I started to lick 
and suck each nipple and tit.Lisa stood up and the girls pulled 
me down to the bed and pulled my pants completly off. 
Lisa resumed her blow-job and Sara removed her panties and got 
on all four,with her pussy right over my face.Her lips where 
wet and just waiting to be licked.I began to lick and finger 
fuck Sara ripe little cunt and Lisa was deepthroating my entire
 cock.I could hear Sara moan as I fingered her pussy and suck 
her clit."Fuck me.",Sara said,"Fuck me hard!" With that Lisa 
removed my cock from her mouth and said ,"No Fuck me first,
I want you to Fuck me!".I told them both to get on all four 
and whom ever begged the best would get to  be first.They both 
got next to each other with their asses in the air and started 
to beg.I got behind them and started to finger each ones pussy,
"Who wants to be fucked first?",I asked.Sara looked over her 
shoulder and moaned,"Fuck my pussy,I want your cock,fuck me,
fuck me!"She started to push her ass against me hand and slowly 
grin on it as I fingered fucked her.Lisa ached her back exposing 
her entire pussy and ass to me and Groaned "Fuck my pussy,fuck my ass,
fill me with you cum!" These girls were each trying to out nasty 
the other and I was going to love fucking them.I took two fingers 
on each hand and began to finger each girls ass hole,they both 
moaned loudly and I slammed them into each ones ass as hard as 
I could.Lisa's ass easily took my finers and she pushed hard to 
get them as deep as possible,Sara was tighter and I heard her 
give a small yelp of pain as the pushed into her."Who wants to 
be fucked?",I asked.Lisa immeadiately moaned,"Oh fuck me,fuck me!"
Sara on the other hand was slower to respond,she hadn't fully 
recovered from the shock of her first anal penetration.
I slapped Sara ass and began to finger fuck her ass harder,
"Don't you want me to fuck you?",I asked Sara.She could only 
nod her head yes as she held in her wimpers."I can't hear you.",I  said.
 "Yes", came her meager response.With that I climbed off the 
bed and pulled the phone cords off the phone and grabbed my 
pump tube of tooth paste off the bathroom sink.Sara and Lisa 
looked over their shoulders as I came back to the bed,
"Put your heads back down.",I told them,they turned their 
heads back to the front.I got behind Lisa first,"Give me you hands!"
,I demanded,she sat up and put her hands behind her back.
I wrapped her wrist with one phone cord and tied them,
they pushed her down on her stomach.I did the same to Sara,
"Get that ass in the air!", I told then.They got up on their 
knees but kept their heads down on the pillow."Who want to 
get fucked now?",I asked."Fuck me ,fuck me!",they both responded.
I decide that I wanted to fuck Sara's little cunt first,
but since I didn't want to leave Lisa with nothing for now 
I took the tooth paste tube and pushed it against her ass hole.
I slowly inched it into her stretch ass as she moaned.
I left it 3/4 of the way in and got behind Sara.I put the 
tip of my head against her pussy lips and asked her,
"What do you want?"."Oh fuck me hard,fuck me till I cum!",
she moaned.With that I plunged into her tight pussy,
"OOHH GOD,OHH YES,FUCK ME!",she yelled.I gave Sara 5 good 
hard thrust, and with everyone she cried out again and again.
Finally I sunk my cock in to the base and stopped,Sara wriggled 
and squirmed,I reached over to the tube in Lisa ass and said,
"I haven't forgotten you.", and began to work the tube in 
and out of her ass."OOOHHH YESS, OOH YES,HARDER,YESS,FUCK 
MY ASS,FUCK MY ASS!",Lisa was going wild.I switched back 
to pounding Sara tight cunt,I was determined to stretch her 
pussy out and wear her down.Sara kept cumming again and again 
until she just went limp and lay on her stomach.I untied her 
hands and told her to get into the 69 position under Lisa.
"Now suck my balls!",I told her,"And while your there,fuck 
Lisa cunt with this."I pulled the tube out of Lisa ass and 
handed it to Sara, who was licking my balls."Fuck her pussy hard"
,I told Sara.Sara began to thrust the tube in and out of Lisa 
wet cunt and Lisa was loving it,"Yes,Fuck me!"I put the head 
of my cock against her ass hole and said,"What do you want?"
"FUCK MY ASS,YES,FUCK MY ASS!",Lisa moaned.I could feel Sara 
sucking my balls,I gave a hard thrust and sunk my cock full 
into Lisa wet ass,I could feel the toothpaste tube as Sara 
pushed it in and out of Lisa cunt."YES,HARDER,FUCK ME MORE!"
,Lisa yelled out.I fucked her ass hard for about 10 minute,
the entire time Lisa is screaming and moaning uncontrollably.
I took my cock out of Lisa ass and told Sara,"SUCK IT!",
she willingly took my cock into her mouth and sucked.
After sha had sucked it for a while I took it out of her 
mouth and slammed it into Lisa pussy for a few minutes.
I untied Lisa and rolled her onto her back,I pulled Lisa 
until her ass was at the end of the bed,I grabbed her by 
her ankles and spreads her legs as far apart as they would go.
"Lick her pussy!",I told Sara.She straddle Lisa and began 
to eagerly eat Lisa pussy,"Lisa eat Sara pussy too!",I told her.
Lisa began licking and sucking on Saras' cunt.As Sara was 
licking Lisa clit I entered Lisa wet pussy and began fucking 
away.Both girls where cumming like mad and I could tell 
I was about to shoot my load.I pulled out of Lisa cunt and 
Sara grabbed my cock and was going to put in in her mouth,
but before it was to her lips I shoot my wad into her face.
She licked the tip of my cock to get the last drops as they 
oozed out.Cum dripped off her face and onto Lisa cunt and 
Sara licked it up.I was spent ,so I went over turned off 
the camera and climded into bed with both girls.
We all quickly fell asleep.
       The next morning we all had one more quick fuck and 
suck session then the girl got dressed and went home.For the 
rest of my stay we all continued this wild sex feast and 
taped everyone ,often Lisa and Sara would watch the tapes 
and then we would begin another.    
