                *** SUMMER FANTASY ***
                  by Robert C. Smith
 
      The whole thing started one hot summer night as I was trying to make it
home from a business trip in Ohio.  I had been driving for hours on Route 80,
trying to make record time back to the Big Apple, when I noticed that my rented
car was starting to overheat.
 
      I pulled off at the next exit and headed for the closest service station
I could find.  After driving for about 15 minutes, the damn car would go no
further.  Now here I am in the middle of no man's land with no car.  Luckily, I
saw what looked like a large farm house about 1/4 mile down the road.  I walked
down and knocked on the door.  A beautiful young nurse nervously answered the
door; after all it was about 1:30 AM. Her blond hair draped down her shoulder.
She looked so angelic and pure behind the screen door of the house. After I
explained my problem to her, she seemed to relax a little. She introduced
herself and told me her name, Ariel, and then asked me in to make any necessary
phone calls.  I found out I couldn't get another car until tomorrow morning, so
I asked her if she could give me a ride to the nearest motel.  She then told me
she couldn't because she was on duty and had to check in on her patient on the
third floor of the large house.  She then suggested I stay in the guest room
until my car came in the morning.  Since I had no other options this would have
to do.
 
      She then showed me the guest room and where all the incidentals were and
then offered me some drinks in the den.  As we talked I found out that she
spent long lonely weeks caring for this half dead old man.  I drank and drank,
and then decided it was time to hit the sack, so I went my room.
 
      After a quick shower I was in bed. When I was almost asleep, Ariel
quietly entered the room dressed in a sheer black laced gown.  I could see her
tempting breasts through the gown, and her matching panties were held only by
two small strings.
 
      She climbed into the bed next to me and began to caress my cock, first
with one hand and then with both.  She rubbed it gently until it was hard. Then
she whispered into my ear, "I need you tonight...".  Before I could get an
explanation she was kissing and sucking my neck, moving gently down my chest,
still holding my cock in her hand.  When she got to my dick, she began to lick
it with her tongue.  She seemed to enjoy playing with the tip of my cock with
her tongue.  She then began to suck it, harder.... and harder.  It took all the
strength I had not to cum in her mouth.  I moaned, "I can't take it!  I'm gonna
cum!".  She whispered, "Not yet, I need it tonight".
 
      She then sat up and pulled one of her panty strings and the panties fell
off.  Her pussy was shining with wetness, inviting me to action.  She then
grabbed my head as she began to lie on her back and she pulled my head closer
to her wet cunt.  Soon I found my lips deep in her pussy, licking and sucking
out her sweet juices.  With each thrust of my tongue she moaned, as if to ask
for more.  She wrapped her legs around my neck so that she wouldn't miss one
second of the pleasure.  Her pussy began to quiver and her legs began to shake,
I knew then that I had opened her pleasure door.
 
      After what seemed like an eternity, my tongue began to tire.  She must
have realized this, so she rolled me on by back.  She grabbed my throbbing cock
with one hand and slid it into her dripping pussy.  She rode my dick like she
hadn't been fucked in ages.  She moved up and down on my cock, squeezing
slightly when she moved upward, as if to squeeze to juices out of it.  With
each move she moaned and whispered slightly, asking me not to stop.
 
      She then leaned over, and began to kiss and suck my neck as she pumped
her burning pussy onto my throbbing cock, faster...and faster...Until we could
take it no more, and we both came.  We both just laid there until we both fell
asleep.
 
      That next morning I woke up alone, I showered and went down stairs to see
if Ariel was still around.  But to my dismay I was greeted by another nurse,
this one a little old lady, who told me that Ariel was now off duty.  My car
arrived and I was on my way home, but all I could think of was my SUMMER
FANTASY with Ariel.
