The Party

I would dress you in sort of medieval clothestight black satin leggings, tall
boots with slightly raised heels, a flowing shirt with huge sleeves and tight
lace cuffs. A black leather collar with decorative silver studs. Your face would
be whitened with makeup and your eyes rimmed with black. You would be wearing a
wide, heavy black leather belt, to which your wrists would be fastened by fine
chains a few inches long. I would be wearing a long black velvet and lace dress,
very tight at the top, cut low, with a flowing skirt, and I would be carrying my
silver-topped crop, with a short dagger at my waist in a belt sheath. The key to
the locks holding your chains would be on a fine chain around my neck, hanging
between my breasts.

Everyone would admire you, admire both of us. For a while I would sit and talk
with my friends, while you knelt next to me. I would play with your hair and
from time to time I would grasp your face and make you kiss me. Of course, you
would be rather aroused, and eventually I would take my dagger and cut a slit in
your leggings, so that your penis was exposed. I would play with it while I
talked on with my friends, making you very hard. Your erection would show up
strikingly against the black satin. I would open your shirt and play with your
nipples, too. 

Then I would get up and lead you into the room where action takes the place of
conversation. I would unfasten the chains from your wrists and bind you to an
X-shaped cross, and I would rip your shirt and bite at your nipples and around
them, drawing blood, drinking it, then kiss you with your blood on my lips. My
friends would be gathered around, watching, asking for a chance to play with
you. I would nod, and recline on a velvet bench nearby to watch. As I mentioned
before, as I watched I would pull up my skirt and let one of the other boys kiss
and lick my cunt as I played with his hair. But I would keep my eyes on you.

My friends would concentrate on your cock and balls, since I have told them your
mouth, arse, and nipples are my property alone. One of them winds a narrow black
leather thong tightly around the base of your cock and balls, then up between
your balls, forcing them apart, and around your cock almost to the head. You
would be struggling against the restraints at this, since it would be tight and
painful, but pleasurable enough too that you would be lost in an irresistable
desire to wank yourself. But the restraints are metal, and they hold. Then
another one of my friends brings a long, fine needle into play. The needle
probes the taut skin of your cock between the strands of the thong, threatening
to break the skin, and then it does. You scream. One of my friends tears a piece
of lace from your shirt and binds your mouth with it so that your sounds are
muffled. The needle stabs into your cock again, and into your scrotum. Then you
get a surprisethe needle is connected to a small generator, and a small but
sharp electric shock jolt into your cock, the tip of which is now wet with
pre-come. Your eyes beg me to suck you, give you pleasure, make you comeall
sensation is overpowering at this point, with your cock and balls squeezed so
tight by the thong and maddened by the electric shocks and the needle. My
friends back off. Then one of them brings out a small whip of horsehair and
lashes your thighs with it, softly at first and then more intensely. The
sensation at first is like a slight burn, but as it goes on, it builds into a
more and more intense abrasive sensation. The whip moves up toward your cock;
again you struggle to get away. No use. On your straining, sensitized cock each
strand of horsehair feels like a tensile wire, leaving an invisible but burning
line. Yet it is also soothing, and you now arch up to meet itthe brush of the
whip almost brings release, almost makes you come. You want more contact on your
cock, you want it to be held. But aside from the constant frustrating pressure
of the binding thong, there is no relief, only the intermittent stroke of the
whip. Someone hangs a small lead weight on the thong around your balls, dragging
them down, as the whipping continues.

I am ready for you now; I dont want to wait any longer. I rise and move toward
you. My friends again back away. I take the gag out of your mouth and kiss you,
letting your cock brush against my velvet-covered body. I run my hands and
tongue over your face, neck, chest. Then I partly unwrap the thong around your
bleeding, erect cock, leaving the tight wrapping around the base and your balls.
I lean down and lick the blood and pre-come from your cock, making you twist
against the shackles with the intensity of the sensation. 

Then I slip off my dress and lie down on the bench, and my friends take you down
from the X-cross and guide you over to me. You know what is expected of you, and
you lie down on me full-length. I give you permission, and you thrust your cock
into me, and lie there quivering as my friends bind your wrists and ankles to
the corners of the bench. I am effectively trapped beneath you now, bearing your
full weight, with your cock inside me. I begin to thrust upward, fucking you,
and at the same time one of my friends brings down a sharp, stinging cat across
your ass. I hold your face firmly and kiss you, swallowing any sounds that you
make as the whip comes down again and again, making your movements more and more
desperate as you fuck into me and I grind up at you. You lose yourself
completely in the pleasure of your abraded, sensitized cock held tightly in my
hot, wet cunt, and the raw pain of the whip across your ass. Your muscles again
strain against the bonds, and all that karate strength of yours only makes the
struggle more intense and points up its uselessness.

I am getting bruised by the violence of your movements as you fuck me harder
than you have ever fucked anyone in your life, but I like it, I love it, it
makes me suddenly start to come, throwing my arms around you and crying out over
and over. Then youre coming too, screaming. 

As we recover, we find that we are alone; the others have discreetly untied your
wrists and ankles and left the room. We lie together, sweaty on the velvet, our
makeup smeared and running, you covered with welts and bites and bruises, me
with my share of bruises as well. My mouth is bruised and swollen from your
kisses; my cunt is bruised and swollen from the lunging of your cock as you were
being whipped. Tatters of satin, lace, and velvet cling to our sweaty skin. I
lift your hand to my mouth and kiss it, and you put your fingers in my mouth and
I suck them gently.

It is finished for tonight.
-

Here, for your reading pleasure, is my correspondent's response to my
treatment of him at The Party.

-----------
I might have to revolt after it was all over and drag you to the cross and tie
you there. 
 
I would begin by getting one of the others to begin fingering your cunt whilst i
washed the sweat from my skin. I would give them express orders not to make you
come. You would be tied/chained facing the cross so that your cunt could be
reached by pushing between your legs. This would mean that your ass could be
severely whipped. You would not be gagged to begin with so that you could listen
to yourself scream as your ass became more and more sore.When it got to the
point that your ass was red raw i would have them whip your thighs instead and
then your back.

Throughout all of this i would sit in your chair, now positioned so that you can
see me, and sit and watch you whilst having my penis sucked until i was
completely satisfied (again), although i wouldnt come as like you say thats
just between us.

When i thought youd been whipped enough i would come and stand behind you,
lying on you so you could feel my flesh on you and my breath on your neck. I
would push my fingers into your cunt and bite at your neck whilst at the same
time using my other hand to squeeze your breasts and to dig my nails into them.
 
I would then have you turned round so that your back was against the cross, but
so that you were still securely bound. This would be so that I could rub my
penis up and down against your slit, maybe letting the small remaining droplets
of blood drip onto your clit and run down your pubes. Then with no warning I
would push my dick deep into you as fast and as hard as was possible but I would
only pump into you a few times before withdrawing from you. After all this is
meant to be your torture. I would then go back to sitting and get someone else
to suck me whilst you were to then have your cunt pounded with a dildo. This
would have to be someone wearing a strap-on as I wouldnt want to see anyone
elses penis touch you against your will (unless it was my wish!).
 
I would have them fuck you till you were close to coming and then I would have
them unfasten you and bend you over the bench and finger your arse whilst I got
ready to take you. (Maybe theyd whip it some more as well.)
 
Then they would lay you back on the bench and chain you to it. The sensation on
your back would by now be by strong as all your skin from your arse to your
lower back is red.
 
I would climb on top of you and again press my penis hard into you and take up a
violent thrusting rhythm as hard and as fast as I could. I would fuck until your
orgasm was within your reach and then with no warning Id remove and climb off,
disappearing into the next room. Only to return seconds later with the needle ,
still attached to the generator.
 
Id take the needle to your cunt and press it against your labia, press so that
the tip just disappeared into your flesh. Id prick and tease until you thought
that youd either come or die or both. Then Id turn on the generator to let you
know how it felt having a current passed into you.
 
The shocks would bring you closer and closer to climax. Finally after what seems
like an eternity I turn off the generator and and climb back on top of you,
pinning you down. Your hands and wrists are unfastened but you are told not to
move.

Before mounting you for the last? time I would cut my initials into the left
cheek of your bum so that you would know that you were mine.

I summon over one of my newfound friends who are all enjoying the performance
and I get them to hold a knife to your throat. I tell you if you move or make a
noise then your throat will be cut. And i will be left humping a corpse. You
blink in acknowledgement, not daring even to nod and I once more begin to fuck
you. It takes very little time indeed for you to come, and when you do it hits
you like a tidal wave smashing into a small rowing boat. The kind of collision
where the two meet and only one will survive through. You throw back your head
and let out a wild animal scream of ecstasy...
 
Which is suddenly cut short as the knife presses into your throat, drawing a
long thin red line. Suddenly you realise your mistake and clamp shut your mouth
and lock your muscles you stare hard into my eyes begging for me to stop the
knife but Im too occupied as I scream out my orgasm to those around us and let
my semen pump into you. And all you can feel is my spunk, my penis and the
knife. Which is in the hands of someone else and your fate is in doubt as they
look down at you and i drift off with my head on your breasts...
