Archive-name: Violent/theresa1.txt
Archive-author: Dr. Phil
Archive-title: Story of Theresa, The - 1


                           PART I

  "Hello Theresa, how've you been?" 
  "Oh! Fine Jimmy. I haven't seen you in awhile... how's Cindy?"
  Jimmy Webster, twenty years old, well built, and with the most
incredible blue eyes, leaned one arm against the doorjamb and
smiled his best smile back at Theresa Stahl. 
  "I really don't know." He looked down at the ground as he
continued, "Cindy and I broke up about a week ago. It just wasn't
working out. Y'know how things go."
   Theresa was taken aback. She had last spoken to Cindy a little
over a week ago and Cindy didn't give any indication that anything
was wrong. Then again, she probably wouldn't. Although Theresa and
Cindy had grown up together, they were never really `friends'. They
went to the same grammar school and high school but there was never
a closeness between them. Theresa was the smart one. Homework
always done on time, well behaved, Daddy's Little Girl. Cindy was
more of a tomboy, with a little mean streak. She was always getting
into trouble, and usually getting herself out of it one way or
another. She was a bit of a bully and enjoyed picking on shy girls
like Theresa; a habit which only increased in maliciousness as she
grew older.
   "Oh, I'm sorry to hear that. I...I didn't know."
   "Don't be sorry. I'm glad that it happened. I finally wised up
to her nastiness. I know she's been picking on you for a long time,
but I kept figuring she'd grow out of it. I guess I was wrong. I'd
also like to apologize for any part I had in any of her schemes. I
hope you and I can still be friends."
    "Of course Jimmy" Theresa replied. She couldn't believe what
she was hearing! She had often fantasized about Jimmy and her
getting together but she never dared to believe it could actually
happen. It wasn't happening now, she had to remind herself. Just
because Jimmy was free and talking to her didn't mean anything. He
could probably have his pick of any girl in town...
   Jimmy looked up and smiled casually at her while looking her
right in the eyes. "I was wondering if you'd like to have a cup of
coffee, or a coke or something..."
   Theresa had to look away from those intense eyes. Her heart
fluttered a little. This couldn't be happening, could it? She tried
to sound casual but stuttered out "Of course! I mean, sure. Why
not?" Theresa felt a little faint. She was eighteen years old and
very shy. She had never really had a boyfriend before, although she
had had a few dates. Mostly with the nerdy types. Theresa was
fairly attractive but her shyness and good grades gave her a bit of
a nerdy reputation herself. She couldn't believe that Jimmy Webster
was actually asking her to go someplace with him.
   "Terrific!" he smiled back. Let's go over to Smiley's. I'll
drive." 
  As Theresa got into the car she still couldn't believe what was
happening. Things like this never happened to her. This was what
happened to other girls. As they drove over to the diner Jimmy made
small talk and asked her how school was going. Theresa was in her
first year at college, majoring in Mathematics. Cindy didn't apply
to any colleges but got a job right out of high school working in
a department store. She moved into an apartment with three other
girls and was having the time of her life. She always seemed to
have money for nice clothes while Theresa worked part time and
saved every penny she made for tuition to the local State college.
The last time they had spoken Cindy told Theresa about a house
party that was coming up in a couple of weeks. She invited Theresa
to come to it but told her she had to bring a date. Her friends
giggled a little as Theresa blushed and Cindy said "Oh come on!
You've got two weeks to dig up a date. Surely you can manage that,
can't you?" Cindy enjoyed tormenting Theresa this way. She knew
Theresa didn't have a boyfriend and would be too shy to ask someone
to go with her. 
  The past week Theresa had been worrying about what she was going
to do about the party. She could say she had to work, but the girls
would know it was just because she couldn't find a date. A germ of
a thought now began to take shape in her head. Wouldn't it be
something if she went to the party with Jimmy as her date! And then
if Cindy showed up alone... wouldn't that be something! Cindy was
always getting the best of Theresa, ever since they were kids. For
once Theresa would just love to turn the tables and humiliate
Cindy, and right in front of her snotty friends!
   When they got to Smiley's Place Theresa ordered a diet coke and
Jimmy ordered coffee and a donut. As they talked it became more and
more evident that Jimmy was really interested in Theresa. Finally
he asked her outright, "Would you like to go out with me, to a
movie tonight?"
   Theresa was almost shaking now. "Sure! I'd really like that
Jimmy." Jimmy smiled and said he'd pick her up at her parents'
house at 6:00pm. They talked a little more and finally Jimmy drove
her back home and told her he'd see her in a few hours. 
   Jimmy showed up at Theresa's house about ten after six. He
noticed with satisfaction that she was dressed and waiting for him
in the living room. As they got into his car he said "The movie
doesn't start until nine o'clock. How about stopping by my place
first to chat a little and we'll leave in plenty of time to get
seats at the theatre?"
   Theresa hesitated. `His' place... Wait a minute! She wasn't
going to chicken out of this one. No wonder she never had a date,
she was getting downright prudish. Eighteen years old and afraid to
be alone with a boy. Something had to change in her life and it
might as well be now. Besides, if she lost Jimmy now she'd kick
herself for the rest of her life...
   "Ok... sure" Theresa answered, trying to make it sound offhand
and casual. 
  When they arrived at Jimmy's place Theresa was quite impressed.
Jimmy was sharing an apartment with a roommate and, although it
wasn't what she'd call high class, it was relatively neat for two
boys living alone. The apartment was quiet. Jimmy said his roommate
was out on a date and probably wouldn't be back for awhile. He
chuckled a little, like it was some kind of private male-joke.
Jimmy walked into the kitchen and came back with a couple of beers
and a glass, while Theresa sat on the couch and glanced around the
small apartment. Jimmy poured her a beer in the glass and drank his
own straight from the bottle. Although Theresa didn't drink she was
so nervous she felt a beer would probably do her some good. Jimmy
sat down next to her and smiled at her while staring straight into
her eyes. 
   "I've always liked you, Theresa. It used to make me feel real
bad to see Cindy treating you so badly."
   "Oh, it was never THAT bad..." Cindy began to reply.
   "Sure it was!" Tommy quickly countered. "She used to look for
any oppotunity to humiliate you in front of her friends. I think
she's jealous of you and put you down because it made her feel
better about herself. Also, she's just unfeeling sometimes. I'll
bet there were at least a FEW times when you wanted to get back at
her, am I wrong?"
   "Actually, it wasn't so bad but no, you're not wrong. I admit
that a few times I wished I could hurt her as much as she'd hurt
me, but it's just not my nature."
   "I know, Theresa. That's what I like about you." With that he
placed his arm around her shoulder in a friendly hug and smiled
warmly at her. Theresa felt that she was shaking now and hoped that
Jimmy couldn't feel it. The silence in the room was complete. They
sat there and stared at each other for what seemed an eternity and,
finally, Jimmy slowly leaned over and tenderly kissed her full on
the lips. 
   Theresa felt faint. She'd never kissed a boy before... not like
this. She wasn't really sure what to do so she just closed her eyes
and let Jimmy take the lead. Jimmy used the back of one of his
hands to caress her cheek as he held the kiss. By the time he
finally broke off, Theresa was in love.
   "Oh, Jimmy..." she sighed. "If you only knew how much I wanted
you to do that."
   "I hope you like it because now that you're my girl I intend to
do it often!"
   "Your girl!" Theresa asked, surprised. "Oh, yes. I think I'd
like that a lot." Then she smiled back at Jimmy and asked "Now that
I'm your girl. Would you like to take me to Laurie's party next
Saturday?" Theresa felt instantly nervous. She hoped she hadn't
pushed her luck too fast. What if he said no? Oh God, she felt like
a fool for asking him. Why didn't she just keep her big mouth
shut...
   "Sure! I'd love to. I wasn't going to go in case Cindy was
there. Actually, I'd like to see the look on her face when we show
up together! She'll probably die!"
   Yes, thought Theresa. She probably WOULD die! And all of her
friends will be there too! This was working out great. Not only was
she going to get a chance to pay back Cindy but she got Jimmy as a
boyfriend at the same time! She felt like she was on top of the
world. The beer helped her euphoria a bit and she leaned over to
kiss Jimmy on the lips. On her own!
   Jimmy returned the kiss and swung her back so that he was
slightly above her. She yielded as his tongue licked at her lips.
The tickling sensation caused her to part her lips a little and
when she did Jimmy's tongue went right into her mouth... 
   Theresa felt woozy. As Tommy probed her mouth with his tongue he
placed his right hand behind her head. This pinned her head in
place as his tongue became even more insistent. With the fingers of
his left hand he slowly caressed her neck. He concentrated on the
side of her neck where it met her shoulder, and continued kissing
her and licking at her mouth. He licked her lips, then licked her
teeth, caressing her neck the whole time. Theresa began breathing
heavily with her eyes closed. What was happening to her? She began
to feel totally helpless to his kisses and caresses... and she
found that she liked it. She not only liked it, she didn't want it
to stop!
   "Oh Jimmy..." she managed to moan. "What.... mmmmmm...ohhhh..."
Jimmy was relentless. He knew he had her and decided to make his
next move. As he thrust his tongue deep into her mouth he moved his
left hand down and caressed her right breast through her clothes.
She didn't even realize what was happening. The sensations were so
intense it was just another variation. Slowly he undid the top few 
buttons on her blouse, then caressed her though her bra. She was
still writhing to his touch. He quickly used both hands to unclasp
her bra in the front and immediately moved his hand back to her
neck. As he placed his left hand over her bare right nipple he
paused his kissing just a bit to smile at her. As she opened her
eyes and looked at him she said "Jimmy, no..." but before she could
finish he lowered his head to kiss her once again on the lips. He
then turned her head to the side and began nibbling and licking her
ear. At this Theresa moaned and shifted. When Jimmy closed his
fingers and pinched her nipple she stiffened, and then sighed. She
was done for. Jimmy sensed it, and so did Theresa. He now used both
of his strong hands to massage her bare breasts, teasing the
nipples. He lowered his head between her breasts and kissed her.
This caused her to gasp and moan "Oooh Jimmie, oooh Jimmie..."
several times. He moved over her a bit more and positioned his knee
so that it was right against her crotch. As he rubbed his knee and
thigh against her cunt he kept up the relentless attack on her neck
and ears with his mouth and tongue. Theresa was now out of control.
She had never even kissed a boy before and here she was, thrashing
around under him and rubbing herself off against his thigh while he
kneaded her tits. Something seemed to click in her. She had spent
years being a `good girl'. Everybody else was having fun and she
spent her nights masturbating herself to sleep with outrageous
fantasies. Now was her chance. She wanted to be fucked! She wanted
to be fucked good and hard, just like in her fantasies! She wanted
Jimmy to have her, all he wanted. Oh God! What was happening to
her? Just don't let him stop.... please!
   Jimmy kept rubbing her nipples while he looked down at her and
softly said "What's the matter? Are you HOT? Yessss. You look like
a real hot little girl. You like this, don't you.. Yes... I can see
that you do." As he talked to her this way he had unbuttoned her
skirt and was pulling it down over her hips. When it was just above
her knees he grabbed her tit with one hand and began sucking and
licking at the nipple. Theresa twisted and moaned as he used his
other hand to grab the elastic band of her pantyhose and tug them
down too. He pulled hard to get them down around her full hips and
when they were also around her knees he once again placed both
hands on her nipples. He kissed her belly and licked at her navel.
As she squirmed he pinched both of her nipples. "Owww...." she
complained just a bit but he eased up a little and continued
kissing her below the navel and working his way down to her
twisting hips. Theresa was frantic now. She knew what was coming
and she wanted it. For some reason she wasn't afraid. She was so
worked up she couldn't imagine stopping. "Oh, YES Jimmy. You can
have me. I WANT you to have me. unnnggghhhh! oooooooo!" She was
breathing heavily. 
   Jimmy was a little surprised. He expected to be able to fuck
this girl without too much trouble, but he didn't expect how
intense her reaction would be. She really was a hot little bitch!
And her told her so... "My, my, what a hot little girl we have
here! You really want this, don't you?" 
   "YES, oh God, YES" she moaned. 
   "Good... you wouldn't want me to stop now, would you?.. no...
I'm sure you wouldn't. You're a hot little bitch looking for a real
good fucking, aren't you?" 
   "Oooooohhh..." she moaned as she twisted. "Yes, I'm a hot little
bitch! Fuck me, Fuck me....please."
   Theresa started thrashing. Jimmy managed to slip her dress
completely off her, and pulled her shoes off too. She kicked her
feet a little as he continued working her pantyhose down around her
legs. As she twisted to the side he gave her a little slap on her
exposed asscheek and said "Stop kicking! Let me get your pantyhose
down. You wouldn't want me to spank you now would you?" and he
chuckled softly. "Let me get your pantyhose off so I can see all of
you... there... that's a good girl!"
    Theresa was confused. She didn't realize the moment when she
had completely given up her control, but she liked the feeling.
Jimmy was arousing sensations in her that she had never dreamed
could be so intense. When Jimmy threatened to spank her she
shuddered a little. How did he know her fantasy... was he reading
her mind? What would he think if he knew what sort of demons
haunted her masturbation fantasies? She was so ashamed, yet she
felt this was her only chance. If he stopped she'd die. She wanted
him to use her, to gobble her up. She wanted to be made love to by
a man who knew what she needed...
   Theresa made it a point to twist a little more. When she was
rewarded with another slap she sighed audibly. 
   "Well, what do we have here!" gloated Jimmy. "Maybe the hot
little girl wants me to spank her bottom before I fuck her? Is that
right?" He laughed a little. The shame burned Theresa, but she was
in this too far to back down now. Jimmy finally got her pantyhose
off her so she was naked from the waist down. Jimmy rubbed his
fingers over her pussy and slowly began inserting one of his
fingers into her. She was staring up into his eyes now. She was
locked into those blue eyes as he fingered her cunt and gave her
what she needed. 
   Jimmy then removed his fingers and lifted her forward a little
so she could get her blouse completely off. She didn't struggle but
helped as best she could. Jimmy then removed her bra and tossed it
and the blouse to the corner of the room. Theresa felt wicked. She
was completely naked in Jimmy's apartment! Jimmy hadn't removed
anything yet and this contrast, her being naked while he was fully
dressed, added a sensual shame that began to envelop her. Jimmy
held her face in his hands and kissed her. Then he used his hands
to persuade her up on the couch on her hands and knees, while he
stood next her her and, pushing her with his hands, coaxed her into
position. Her forehead was touching the seat cushions as she rested
on her elbows. Her very ample and very white young ass was now up
and on complete display! As he placed one hand on the small of her
back and began rubbing his right hand in firm circles over her ass
he almost chanted to her... "Oh, yes. What a nice ass you have. Oh,
it's beautiful! Nice and round and white..." He rubbed her ass
harder and harder in circles. He used the heel of his hand as he
rubbed her just below the curve of her cheeks where her hairy
little pussy peeked out. "Oh yes! Such a nice ass the little girl
has. And so warm.... and DELICIOUS looking... Yum! I think the
little girl needs a licking, that's what I think. What do you
think? Do you think you need a good licking?" He continued to
torment her while he taunted her. He could see she was getting
hotter and hotter.
   "Ohhhhhh... yesssss. Give it to me..." she begged. 
   "Give what to you?" he taunted. 
   "A...a licking. Give me a licking.. ooohhhh." 
   Man! This was one hot bitch. She was REALLY getting off on this!
It's always the shy ones, isn't it? Jimmy could see some major
long-term fun here...
   Jimmy continued rubbing his palm in circles over Theresa's ass.
Suddenly he drew back and gave her a hard stinging slap on her left
asscheek. The slap made her jump and suck in her breath and also
left a bright pink spot on her ass. Theresa stiffened and then let
out a gasp. The warm tingle went from her burning backside directly
to her cunt! It made her shiver noticeably. She wanted more! She
knew that. In her wildest fantasies she wanted this and now here
she was, getting it, just like she'd always dreamed. Theresa's cunt
was on fire. She began panting and wiggling her ass in a circle.
Jimmie had flipped her switch on and Theresa was flipping out! 
   "Ohhh, no... please stop! Don't spank me. Please don't spank me"
she cried, but her frenetic wiggling gave her lie away. She wanted
it alright. Jimmy continued rubbing her ass. He knelt down next to
the sofa and used one hand to pinch her nipple while he inserted
two fingers into her cunt from behind. It was very wet. Theresa
began sobbing lightly. Jimmy cooed "There there, little Theresa is
all wet! She must be very very hot. I think she LIKES being spanked
like a naughty little girl." He pulled his fingers out and gave her
a few more taps on her rump, then went back to fingering her. He
inserted his thumb into her cunt and let her ride on that for
awhile. "Maybe I should just put you across my knee and spank you,
would you like that? Then I'll fuck you good... real good."
   It was at this moment that Theresa snapped. "Yes! Spank me, fuck
me, use me. Please. Do whatever you want to, just don't stop!" She
was sobbing now. She'd opened up and bared her soul, along with her
ass. She knew she needed this kind of treatment and she'd found a
man who could give it to her. She was so lucky! "Ooooh... Yes!" she
cried. "I want it....."
   Jimmy was hard as a rock. He started slapping Theresa's ass hard
now. He'd slap it a few times, then rub it, then let his fingertips
run up and down her ass crack. Then slap her some more. Theresa was
bucking like a wild horse. Her hips were bouncing up and down.
Suddenly Jimmy stopped and stood up. He lowered his pants and
undershorts and stepped out of them while Theresa watched him with
tears in her eyes. He motioned for her to crawl forward a bit so
that her chin would rest on the arm of the sofa. She jumped to
obey. Jimmy walked in front of her and held his erection up to her
face. "You like this, baby?" 
   Theresa had never seen an erect cock before. She had always been
curious about them but now that she had one sticking right in her
face she licked her lips and opened her mouth like it was an old
friend.
   Jimmy was chuckling "Good! You want it, don't you? Yes, of
COURSE you do." Theresa felt her face flush with shame. What was
she doing? But she knew that she WANTED that cock! She took it into
her mouth and was amazed by the smoothness of it. It was hard, but
the skin was still soft and silky. She began sucking on it and then
moved her head back and forth a little. Jimmy fed it to her and
then began moving it in and out of her mouth in slow strokes.
Theresa was going wild. Suddennly she felt a change in Jimmy's
thrusts. His cock seemed to swell even more and the rhythm slowed.
She had an idea what was happening but she continued sucking. Jimmy
stiffened and thrust his cock forward once and held it. Suddenly
she felt spurts of warm liquid hitting the back of her throat. She
swallowed and continued sucking as she felt several more hard
thrusts and squirts. Jimmy's hands were in her hair, holding her
head motionless as he came. Finally he gave a big sigh and she felt
his muscles relax. He patted her on the head like one would do to
a puppy and slowly withdrew his cock from her mouth. Theresa felt
exhilarated! Although she felt degraded to have been used in such
a manner, she felt a strange sort of pride in having successfully
sucked him off. Her first blowjob! She looked up at Jimmy and
licked her lips. Yes, she liked it alright. She felt like a
different person, and she wanted more. She craved this feeling of
helplessness. She wanted to be treated like a slut, a sex toy. The
erotic humiliation of being used this way made her own pussy itch.
She felt like there were bumblebees flying around deep inside her
cunt and she desperately needed to be fucked. 
   Jimmy knelt down beside her and rubbed the back of her neck
while he said "Very good... that was very, very good. I'll bet
you're hot yourself, aren't you?" Theresa nodded her head and
licked her lips. "I thought so. Theresa, I want you to get down on 
the floor here beside the couch. Sit down with you legs straight
out. Now, I want you to lean back against the sofa... Now pull your
knees up and spread them as wide as you can! I want to see that
beautiful pussy of yours staring right at me... Excellent! And I
can see your little asshole too! How cute!" Theresa followed all of
his orders without thinking. She had already decided to give
herself up to Jimmy. Once the decision was made, it became easy for
her to do these outrageous things. After all, she was only doing
what he told her to do. Her ass was still tingling from the
spanking she had received and it felt warm and good rubbing against
the carpet. Once she had succeeded in attaining the shameful
position he had requested, she felt like her pussy and her asshole
were about ten times their original size and sticking right out at
him... the only parts of her he was looking at. Indeed, right now
she was correct!    
   Jimmy stared at her open crotch and said "Now I want you to rub
yourself off. You know what I mean, rub your cunt until you cum
just like a naughty little girl. I want you to look at me the whole
time. Now do it good, or I'll give you another spanking..."
   His taunting tone and his clear blue eyes made her feel
incredibly sluttish. She was doing things for him that no self-
respecting woman would EVER do for any man. She wanted to be taken
deeper. She wanted to be taken down past the point of no return.
She looked up at Jimmy and began fingering her cunt. Slowly she
started rubbing it. As she saw him start to get hard again she
licked her lips and started wiggling her wide-open hips to show him
even more! This in turn made her even hotter. She began moaning now
and circling her hips. Her little asshole was still visible a 
couple of inches above the rug and just below her rubbing fingers.
Jimmy could see wetness on her fingers and all over her crotch. A
little of it was dripping down and was just above her asshole.
Theresa was moaning now, obviously very close to her own orgasm.
Jimmy knelt down on the floor in front of her and inserted his
index finger right into her anus! He wiggled it a little as he
encouraged her "Come on baby, cream all over the place! I can see
it starting. Nice thick cream oozing out of your cunt. Cum for me!"
He licked his lips as he held her gaze and continued with his
maddening finger movement. Theresa's left hand moved to her tit and
she started pinching and pulling at her own nipple. Finally she
stiffened, held her body firm as a board for about five seconds
while she cried "Oh my God! I'm cummmmming, Oh God, oooooo yes!"
And she began bucking wildly, riding Jimmy's probing finger the
whole time. She was taking big gulping breaths of air and rocking,
but continued staring at Jimmy as if she were transfixed. Finally
her orgasm was over, but Theresa knew that a whole new life was 
just beginning...

--
