Archive-name: Amazon/therapy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Therapy


	The reasons that my wife and I were going to see a 
therapist are not important; except to say that I was not 
expecting the issue to be brought up that my wife brought up. 
And I certainly was not expecting the "therapy" I was to 
receive for this issue. The issue was my obsession with 
physically strong women and my fantasies surrounding these 
thoughts. I always want my wife to wrestle me and scissor my 
head between her thighs making me beg her to stop; and I have 
been trying to get her to knock me out using this hold. She 
would scissor me from time to time; but the knock out was too 
much for her.

	The therapist was a beautiful woman named Dr. Shelia 
Simon. She was about 5'11" tall and had a great body and long 
as hell legs. My wife began to describe my obsession to the 
Dr. and she listened intently. After my wife had told her 
side of the story Dr. Simon asked me to describe things in my 
own words. I told her that I had always been interested in 
women who were physically strong and that I would love for my 
wife to dominate me by using her legs to "convince" me to 
behave in the manner she wanted me to behave. After we had 
both told our story Dr. Simon walked over to my wife and 
whispered something into her ear; after she was through my 
wife nodded in agreement. Then Dr. Simon said she thought she 
had a book that would help us in our discussion. She walked 
over to the book shelf and began to look at the books. She 
suddenly raised up on her toes and her calf muscles leaped 
out into a perfect diamond shape. My eyes almost bugged out 
of my head and my breath caught. She raised up and down 
several times flexing those muscles.

	She said something about not finding the book and sat back 
down. Then she asked my wife to describe what she had just 
seen. My wife described my reaction to her standing on her 
toes. Then Dr. Simon asked me to describe what I had seen. I 
told her that I had seen her looking for a book. " Now, Tom 
that's true; but what else did you see and what were your 
thoughts ?" I admitted that I had seen her calf muscles flex 
into what looked like hard as steel muscle. After a little 
more prompting I admitted that I had wondered what it would 
feel like to have my neck scissored between them. Dr. Simon 
said that she felt we would make better progress if she saw 
us both twice a week separately; then after a few weeks we 
could begin couples therapy again. We both agreed to this.

	I showed up at 5:30 PM for my scheduled appointment. As I 
signed in the receptionist looked at me with a grin and 
without a word she SNAPPED her pencil in half and then began 
to laugh. I got the message loud and clear. Dr. Simon called 
me into her office and once again I saw the flex of those 
long, beautiful legs as she led the way to her office.


	She gestured to the couch and told me to have a seat. She 
sat down in a chair across from me. " Now Tom, let's go back 
to last week when I stood on my toes to look for the book. Do 
you remember that? I can see by the look in your face that 
you do. While I'm thinking about it I told Mary that I don't 
want you two to wrestle or have sex until I tell you you can. 
It will not be a problem on the days you and I meet because 
when I get through with you you'll have enough trouble 
walking out of here. I expect you to obey my directives; and 
I am confident that you will." As she said this she flexed 
her legs and her arms. Even though she had on a jacket and I 
could not see the muscles of her arms openly; I saw the 
fabric tighten as she flexed. "Come here and feel how hard 
these are then we'll get the tape measure out and measure 
your little muscles and I'll let you measure my big, hard, 
strong female muscles." My hand would not fit around her huge 
arm and it was like stone; her thighs were solid and as I 
squeezed with my hand on the top of it there was no give at 
all; I was awed and totally outclassed by this beautiful 
woman. The results of the battle of the tape were 
humiliating: my arms were 12", thighs a soft 25", calves an 
uncut 13", chest 40". Hers were a steel hard 17" arm, rock 
hard 28" thigh, diamond shaped 13" calf, and 40D chest.

	"Last week you said you wondered what it would feel like 
to have your neck crushed by my legs. You are about to feel 
my thighs knock you out. I'll bet you'll be out cold in less 
than 5 seconds. You can lay down and place you neck in 
between my legs or I'll do it for you." I hesitated and 
stared in disbelief as she slowly removed her jacket and 
dress. She had on a bikini that was straining to hold in her 
massive boobs. She walked over to me and snapped my head into 
a headlock. She squeezed for only a second and I was 
submitting to her. Her response was to laugh and then throw 
me to the floor. Before I could move she was on top of me and 
in a flash I felt those man-killer thighs around my neck. 
"Wow, you are a weak little boy aren't you. I think Mary 
could easily kick your ass. My legs are going to eat you 
alive. I want you to count to three and then I'll squeeze a 
little."
	
	I counted to three and WHAM she was going to snap my neck 
like a twig; at least that was my thought as I fell into 
unconsciousness. When I came to her legs were still around my 
neck. " Feel my thighs, little boy. They put you out in three 
seconds. And that was only about 1/3 my power. Had I really 
clamped down your scrawany little neck would have snapped in 
two. How do these long, strong legs feel ? Is Mary as strong 
as I am ? I know you're not in my league. Now, I'm going to 
do the same thing to you with my arms and then we'll just 
play it by ear from there."

--
