Archive-name: 3plus/therapy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Therapy


     We had been having minor martial problems for some time now. 
But lately it has become very serious.  Rather than beat around
the bush about it I will just be blunt and simplistic, I'm horny. 
I have done my darndest to be understanding about it.  Now, I am
not unattractive and have been told exactly that on several
occasions.  As a matter of fact, a friend of mine (who has been a
helpful, but platonic, support lately) has constantly reinforced
my own positive feelings about myself, so that I know the problem
is not me.  

     Anyway, we have talked about it at great length.  I have
been very positive, certainly not ridiculing or accusative about
it.  So we decided to see a therapist.  This took some doing on
my part, but we eventually went.  For several long weeks we
talked about possible problems and solutions, none of which
seemed to be of any help.  Then the therapist started getting
into what I would call the kinky solutions.  One that was
mentioned was observing others making love.  Now I know that in
the past we have both enjoyed watching porn videos and they have
seemed to be a turn-on for both of us, but their "effectiveness"
seemed to have declined lately.  Going home that night we talked
about just that.  My husband, almost in desperation, said that
maybe we should try it, but how.  The therapist hadn't been much
help in that.  

     Then my husband, who up until this time has really not
opened up on this subject, admitted something which really
surprised me (and it must have been hard for him to say, too). 
He said he had a recurring fantasy of me "making it" with someone
else while he was there.  With great soul-searching that evening
and the next day we decided to try it.  Now all we needed was a
third party.  This would be hard as I didn't want an "unknown" or
a "pro" or just anybody.  

     Again my husband came to the "rescue."  He "reminded" me of
a past "incident" where he had mistakenly assumed that passionate
letters and a couple of porno stories written by this friend of
mine were proof of my infidelity.  (It had taken some doing to
convince him otherwise, but, eventually, he did believe me.  This
person and I had never had anything approaching an affair,
although the thought had crossed my mind many times.)  He
suggested, believe it or not, my friend, Jim.  Now, I about fell
out of bed, that's where he said it.  I said I would think about
it.

     Well, I did, constantly for the next three days!  I told my
husband that "it was worth a try."  The next big hurdle was Jim.

     Jim was an enigma, but a nice one.  He was mad, passionately
in love with me, but he refused to go beyond expressing it
verbally, although before we "got caught" he had massaged (not
without passion and feeling) my feet, hands and back (he was
"into that sort of thing").  And we had shared a chaste, but
emotion-filled, hug on several occasions.  He also loved to write
nice porn stories (sometimes using our names in them as my
husband, unfortunately, discovered) that just seemed to possibly
be rooted in reality.  But they were nice gentle stories and I
sure liked to read them.  Anyway, I was just not sure what he
would say.  At first he didn't believe me, thinking it a joke (he
called it cruel).  Then when I finally convinced him of the
genuineness of it he had reservations about the audience.  To
make a long story short, he finally agreed.

     The day of the therapy arrived.  Jim arrived as nervous and
uncomfortable as anyone I have ever seen, but my husband and I
spent an hour or so just talking.  Jim never had gotten to know
my husband, needless to say, so this provided a good opportunity. 
My husband was the one who was going to control the "tempo," so
he suggested that we all change into appropriate attire,
bathrobes.
  
     In the bedroom, I reminded my husband that I needed some
preparation.  Jim suggested that we put on some nice music and
maybe dance a little, even though he said he didn't dance well
and hadn't for years.  My husband agreed and said he would just
go off in the corner and keep quiet.  We should ignore him.

     I guess Jim could, or would, at least, try, as he came over
to me and put his arms around me.  How nice that felt, he had a
gentle touch.  

     As the music played, we just kind of drifted around a small
space, Jim just gazing into my eyes.  I guess he still realized
that my husband was there as every time his back was to him he
whispered that he loved me and other delightful things that just
sent me tingling.  I hadn't felt this way since I was a school
girl and that was a long time ago.

     For what seemed like hours we just floated around with his
blue puppy-dog eyes glued to mine.  On and on we went.  He
stroked my hair as he told me how soft and lovely it was.  And he
told me how deep and blue and lovely my eyes were, how small and
dainty and charming my nose was and how full and sensuous my lips
were.  All of this, and more, he said in very quiet tones that
couldn't be heard beyond my hearing.  I needed only that for the
juices to begin flowing.  My heart was all a twitter.  Passion
was in his voice, as well as his words, as his gaze became even
more intense.  He never once took his eyes off of mine and never
took his gentle and loving hands off of me.

     Then very slowly, in time to the music, he pulled me to him
and we hugged, full length, as we had so longed to do.  And it
was wonderful.  Then I felt him stir.  There was no mistake, his
manhood was rousing.  The first movements were like a gentle
touch on my groin, like a hand gentle feeling for my warm, moist
vagina.  The "hand" pressed harder and my heart quickened in
response.  I could feel his breath catch and his heart beat
faster, too.  

     It was a incredible feeling and glorious time in my life.  I
had never quite felt like this before.  I had never quite felt
that a man wanted me quite like this before, not an object of
lust so much as wanting to share something with me.  And I could
feel my lust, a much fought adversary in my life, was receding in
favor of this new and wonderful feeling of sharing of something
wonderful, something beautiful, sharing Love, "Love" with a
capital "L".  This man really wanted to make Love to me because
he Loved me, not just because I was a desireable woman.  

     This feeling, so new and foreign to me, was almost over
whelming.  My knees nearly buckled with the ecstacy of the
moment.  Jim quickly grabbed me, holding me close in his arms.  

     When I had recovered my balance he gentle held me out at
arms length and mouthed the words very clearly, "I Love you!  No
matter what, I Love you!"

     Then he leaned down and kissed me for the first time.  It
was heavenly.  His kiss was warm, heartfelt and deeply
passionate.  As it lingered, he gentle caressed my lips with his
tongue until I consented and parted them.  For what seemed like
minutes he explored everywhere, beginning with my teeth and, like
someone scouting new territory, didn't miss anything.  But it was
done in such a way that I never felt like he was invading me at
all.  I felt like, "Hey, Jim, this is me.  I want to share me
with you, but take me along."  And he did.  I felt I was with him
the whole time.

     As Jim's tongue satiated its wanderlust, his hands had
discovered its.  Very cautiously they began to ambled around my
back as they still held me close.  From the middle they meandered
to my shoulders, in passing, giving them a few deep massage
strokes that released a lot of built-up tension.  

     Exhausted from our first kiss he found my neck and playfully
kissed and licked it.  Ooooooo.  No one had ever done that to me
before and it felt so good.  But his hands were not done. 
Eventually, almost by accident it seemed, they crept down to my
buttocks.  Slowly and sensuously his warm hands stroked me, not
in a lewd way, more like play.  He didn't seem to miss a contour. 
The feeling aroused even more of me, if that was possible, and I
could feel that Jim was following suit.  Then his hands traced
their way back to my shoulders.

     The music and audience were totally incidental, now, as once
again Jim held me at arms length, gazing into my deep blue eyes,
caressing me with his look and whispered words.  His hands slowly
and cautiously slipped down until then rested on my breasts.  His
eyes never leaving mine and his sweet words never stopping.  For
a few moments they lay there comfortably.  Then he apprehensively
parted my robe and his warm flesh found mine at last.

     As his hands gently cupped my firm breasts like they
belonged there, my already erect nipple found their rightful
place in his kind and sensitive fingers.  With utmost tenderness
they stroked the nipples until they became as hard as his penis
must have been (but, unfortunately, I couldn't see).

     Then those Loving hands delicately parted my robe the rest
of the way and spontaneously, with no effort to moderate his
voice, he said, "My god, I never imagined you were so beautiful!" 
As if star-struck, he just sort of stared with his mouth hanging
open.  His eyes had obviously left mine.  They slowly absorbed
what seemed like my entire being, as I let the robe fall to the
floor.  Again, I never had the feeling of the slightest hint of
lewdness, it was two people sharing themselves.  The feeling of
this man in all honesty telling me what I hoped was true, but was
never quite sure, filled me with love for him.  The tears filled
my eyes.  

     "What have I done," he cried when his eyes again found mine
and he pulled me again close to him.  Although his robe was not
open, his staunch penis could not be contained.  I had not taken
notice of it, strangely enough, but I could feel that it was
substantial.  He was restrained from holding me too closely by
the protuberance.  Now it was my turn.  I quickly pulled his robe
open and parted my legs slightly and pulled him as close as I
could.  

     Now I could feel his manhood and it was good.  The warm
firmness felt heavenly against my moist labia.  Just the
struggling to go from a wonderful embrace to a passionate kiss
caused relative motion between our genitals that nearly brought
my climax.  A deep groan escaped Jim before our lips met.  

     For ages we clutched together like lost children, not
wanting to be separate, fervently yearning to be one.   His fully
erect penis felt comfortable against my perineum.  Very slight
motion from subconscious sources within both of us kept the
sensations tingling.

     When our kiss had run its course, Jim looked me in the eyes
once again, whispering, "I Love you more than life itself.  What
we will do pales in its sight, but it is my only way to express
my Love physically.  We can only be as one in God's eyes with
this feeling I have, He understands that if an action enhances
life, not detracts from it, it is good."

     Not waiting for a superfluous reply to these words, his
hands deftly and gently cupped my buttocks.  He first pulled me
away from himself, then with a rocking of his hips, artfully
guided his magnificently erect manhood towards my awaiting
vagina.  As I made contact with his glans, he paused.  He
carefully rubbed it against my engorged clitoris causing me to
gasp in joy.  My wobbly legs could not hold me up anymore, but
his firm hands held me.  As the ecstatic caressing of my bud
continued to drive me closer to the brink, he whispered, "Knock,
knock, Sweet Heart, may I come in?"  

     He answered his own question, or rather his penis did as it
paused, crept lower and enlodged itself in my ripe labia.  The
secretions had paved the way for an easy entry.  Between the
ministrations of Jim's gentle, but firm hands and the tenacious
probing of his gigantic, throbbing staff, the entry was made. 
Only our patience and the continued urgency of our loins were
needed now to assure complete coupling.  After a few minutes of
delightful gyrations, squeezes, and grunts and groans, he was
nearly completely in me.  The full feeling was delicious.  

     Since Jim was virtually supporting my whole weight anyhow,
it seemed like all that was needed was to close the door.  I
reached up around Jim's neck, kissed him hard on the lips and
pulled myself up until I could wrap my legs around his loins.  As
I clutched him, his splendid penis finally glided home.

     As Jim, with a great, but not unwanted, effort slowly made
his way to the bed, we vaguely became aware of a crooning voice
from the corner saying, "OK, I can take it from here, Jim.... 
OK, Jim, I can do it now.... Stop!... Jim!...Jim!"  But he
finally realized that there are some fires mortal men cannot
extinguish.  Out of the corner of my eye I could see that he was
going to take care of things on his own, however.

     Jim climbed on the bed and with the utmost of tenderness
laid me down.  There we remained locked, totally engaged.  Jim
had never taken his eyes off mine.  We lay linked in ecstacy for
possibly fifteen minutes, who knows, alternating between
delicious deep gazing into each other's very soul and long
luscious kisses.  The passion was dripping everywhere, including
the corner, I presumed.

     With nearly unnoticeable movement we began the Love Dance,
which I hoped would never end.  With relentless strokes Jim made
his way into and nearly out of my warm, dark, moist grotto of
joy.  I felt an integral part of Jim, we moved together as well-
orchestrated partners of Love.

     At one point, he unexpectedly withdraw his splendid shaft to
practically the point of loss of engagement.  My heart skipped a
beat or two, but once again he begin the delightful journey
inside of me, his staff seemingly renewed in energy, expanded and
extended.  The removal was sheer agony, but the return filled me
with utter elation.  The strong thrusting of Jim's loins
encouraged the turgid vein-studded pole in its endeavors on its
long exotic voyage.

     As the gentle rhythms of our convulsing pelvises gradually
increased in intensity, our breathing took on a certain urgency
and our pelvic spasms followed suit.  My purposeful leg clutch-
release was finely tuned to the earnest thrust-lingering
withdrawal of Jim's hips.  His magnificently sturdy and
shimmering penis seemed to grow more turgid with each stroke.

     Once again nature had turned the struggle between two adults
into a cavorting dance created by God as one of the last bastions
of joy in this troubled world.  Jim's superb rock-hard, yet
sensitive penis, had met its passionate equal in the exquisitely
soft and sensitive, gloriously seductive, warm and lusciously
moist Cave of Love.  We were oblivious to everything, but each
other; the amazing activities of our bodies, no longer in our
control.  All we could do was cling to each other in rapture and
let Nature take its course.  Our arms encircling each other,
drawing us closer and closer until we meshed as one.

     The only noises, imperceptible to us, was muted fluid noises
of our combined juices, a slight bed-centered squeak, our
passionate breathing and an almost imperceptible moaning
somewhere off in the distance. 

     Precisely, as if on cue, our breathing became more like
grunts and groans as the heated motion of our bodies became more
spontaneous and impulsive and less restrained.  As our exertion
approached what must have looked like agony to an observer, our
sensuous groans became a constant stream of erotic and carnal
grunts.  I attempted to control our fantastic thrusts, just to
make them linger, but to no avail.  

     Then for one instant Jim withdrew his towering, flaming rod
and then blindly plunged himself to the hilt.  I felt this last
gigantic thrust bring Jim into my previously unassailed inner
sanctum.  Simultaneously, he erupted with a monstrous and
guttural primeval cry.  I fought my urge to scream and did not
succeed.  A shriek of ecstacy bubbled from me.  "Oh, no, God! 
Don't let it be finished!"  But I, too, was finished!  

     Our simultaneous cataclysmic orgasm gushed.  An enormous
mass of hot seminal fluid, seemingly Jim's total life's energy,
spewed forth to penetrate every cranny in me.  As he strove to
extract the last vital drop, I clung to him for dear life.  Our
juices became too much for me to contain, our essential life
fluids mingled and flowed freely over me and the bed. 

     With utter joy, we lay spent in each others arms.

--
