	-SARAH AND SISTER THERESA-
	       By Ann Douglas     
		 -Part One_

  

	".........And thank you so very much for
coming."  Sarah said as she shook hands with Mrs.
Anderson.
	As she closed the classroom door behind the
woman, Sarah let out a sign of relief.  She thought
Mrs. Anderson would never finish.  Saint Francis's
Open House had ended almost a half hour ago, but
Mrs. Anderson had to stay behind and go on and on
about her precious little "kitten" and how Sarah
should be spending more time showcasing her
talents.  It could've been worse, she thought, Jim
Anderson could've come along too. You couldn't get
within five feet of that man without him trying to sell
you a new insurance policy.
	Quickly cleaning up after the departed
parents, Sarah grabbed her coat and began to head
down the corridor.  It had started raining about a half
hour ago and most of the other teachers had already
left.  If she hurried, she could still get home by
10:00.
	"Sarah?"  Called a soft voice from across the
hall.
	Sarah turned around to find Sister Mary
Theresa coming out of one of the adjacent
classrooms.  
	"I thought you left already?"  The Sister
asked.
	"I would have,"  Sarah replied.  "But Mrs.
Anderson managed to corner me before I could go
and......."
	"Say no more..."  Sister Theresa said as she
held up her hand to interrupt her fellow teacher.  "I
had her older girl Betty in my class a few years
ago."
	"Was she as bad back then?"
	"Worse,"  Sister Theresa replied.  "I think
maybe she's mellowing with age."  She added with a
smile.
	Both the smile and the laugh of the young
Philippine Nun was contagious, Sarah couldn't help
but  return it.  When Sister Theresa suggested she
have a cup of tea before she went, Sarah forgot all
about her rush and agreed.
	Sister Theresa had been Sarah's friend since
he first day as a teacher, eight months ago.  Six
years before, she had been Sarah's Math Teacher
during the Nun's own first year at Saint Francis. 
Part of the reason she had landed the plumb
assignment at this prestigious school was  that she
had been an honor graduate.  The fact that she had
graduated with honors was partly due to the help
Sister Theresa had given her that difficult senior
year.
	As they sipped tea in the now empty
Teacher's Lounge, Sarah thoughts drifted back to
that  troubled final year.  A late bloomer, Sarah had
quickly earned the nickname "Plain Jane" McKenna
from her classmates.  Try as she could, she just
couldn't fit in.  Even as a senior, dates had been few
and far in between.  Not  that Sarah really minded. 
She had  never really been all that interested in guys
anyway. They got in the way of her single minded
determination to succeed.
	Still, every girl wants to fit in. And it was
because of such that Sarah took part in what she
would always remember as the great shower peek
show. 
	Sister Theresa was brand new at Saint
Francis then, and having come from the Philippines,
was considered something of a mystery.  The girls
guessed  she  had to have been in her mid twenties ,
but looked about seventeen.  Her Order still wore
the old style habits, so her body was covered from
head to toe.  The obvious question was, what does a
Nun look like under all that heavy clothing.
	It had been Jenny Marinelli who had first
come up with the idea. She'd discovered that  Sister
Theresa was in the habit of using the shower in the
girls locker room  after the last gym class every day.
If they really wanted to sneak a peek, that was their
chance.
	So one Friday afternoon, they had snuck
back into the locker room and done just that.  To
their amazement, Sister Theresa looked like any
other woman naked.  True, she was a little on the
plump side, but after all, who said a Nun had to be
skinny. The crudest comment came from Jenny
herself.
	"Did you see the tits on her?"  She asked the
other girls after they had moved to the safety of the
school yard.  "They had to at least been a 38D. 
What a waste on a Nun."
	The other girls had all agreed.
	To Sarah, however, the experience had
changed her life.  Several time after that she had
found herself back in the locker room at the end of
the day, sneaking another look at her teacher.  Her
naked brown body stirred a strange longing within
her and she began having forbidden dreams about the
Nun.
	As  senior year neared it's end, Sarah
abruptly stopped her late afternoon visits.  In her
mind she was now accepted three certainties.  First,
that she wanted to be a teacher - nothing was as
important as achieving that goal.  The second was
something she was sure that she would keep to
herself  forever.  She was a lesbian, and she was in
love with Sister Theresa.
	"You seem a little distracted?"  Sister
Theresa said as Sarah stared into empty space.
	"Oh, sorry..."  She replied.  "It's just been a
long day."
	"How inconsiderate of me."  Theresa said. 
"If it wasn't for me you'd be home by now.  Sister
Catherine always said once I get to talking I loose
all concept of time."
	"It's all right, really."  Sarah said with a
broad smile.  "I really do enjoy your company.  As
long as you brought her up, how is Sister
Catherine?"
	"She's doing fine," Theresa said as she
cleared the table.  "She's all settled in at her new
school and things are working out fine with her
father."
	Sister Mary Catherine had been Theresa's
mentor since she had first come to Saint Francis.  In
fact,  due to a shortage of rooms in the tiny convent,
they had been roommates for the last six years.  She
had recently been transferred to San Francisco at her
own request to be closer to her ill father.
	"I guess you must miss her."  Sarah said as
she cleared the trash.
	Sister Theresa hesitated for a moment and
seemed to be thinking or something. 
	"Yes I do."  She finally answered.
	
	Sister Theresa was uncharacteristically quiet
as  umbrella's in hand they set off for the parking lot. 
The stocky Nun seemed to be lost in memories, but
had still insisted on seeing Sarah safely to her car.
	  Saint Frances was twenty miles from town,
and at this time of night the parking lots would be 
deserted.
	"Oh no!"  Sarah exclaimed as she reached
her small blue escort and saw  to her dismay, the
front driver's side tire was as flat as a pancake.
"I don't even have a spare."
	"We'll have to call from the office to see if
we can get a  tow truck out here.  "Sister Theresa
said as she bent down to examine the damage. 

	Fifteen minutes later, Sister Theresa emerged
from the Mother Superior's Office to find Sarah still
dripping in the waiting room.
	"I have good news and bad news."  She said
as she walked up to her.
	"Lets have the good new first."  Sarah said as
she shook with a slight chill.
	"Well I talked to Mr. Kelly down at the
garage and he said it would be no problem getting a
truck out here."
	"What's the bad news?"
	"He said it would be no problem first thing
tomorrow."
	"Oh no, what am I going to do."
	"Don't worry,"  Theresa said with a smile. 
"I've already talked with Mother Patricia and she
said it would be no problem putting you up for the
night."
	"That's a relief."  Sarah mused.
	"One small problem with that though." 
Theresa added. "Since Father Kolowski is already
using the guest quarters, you're going to have to use
Sister Catherine's old bed in my room.  I'm afraid I
have one of the worst rooms in the convent, it's all
the way in the west wing behind the storage rooms. 
In fact at one time it was a storage room."	
	"No problem,"  Sarah said in a tired voice.
"Right now I don't care if its a barn, as long as it's
got a bed."
	"Great!"  Theresa said in an animated voice.

	After a quick stop at the laundry to pick up
clean sheets, Sarah followed Sister Theresa through
a long dark corridor past the kitchen and storage
rooms.  Only a few small emergency lights lit the
way.  Once the kitchen was closed for the evening,
the main lights were shut down.
	"You weren't kidding about your room being
way out of the way."  Sarah said as they reached a
large wooden door.  
	"Well until they finally complete the new
wing, we have to make do."  Theresa said as she
opened the door with an old metal key.  "And most
of the other Sisters were more than happy to have
Catherine and I sleeping far away from them."
	"Why is that?" Sarah asked curiously.
	"Catherine snored liked a lumberjack, and I
have a bad habit of talking in my sleep."
	"Well  growing up I shared a room with two
sisters so I'm sure I'll have no problem."  Sarah
retorted.
	
	Dropping the sheets on the single metal
frame bed, Sarah looked about the room.  The walls
were painted a soft blue, with a white lace curtain
hanging aside the far window.  A small desk
occupied a corner, and on it were four framed
photographs.  Three were of Sister Theresa's family
back in Luzon.  The other was a 5x7 of her and
Sister Catherine in front of the school.
	"Be it ever so humble...."  Theresa said as
she began to help Sarah make the bed.
	With the bed finally done, Theresa walked
over to her own bed and began to take off her habit. 
In the six years since the great peep show, the Order
had changed to a more modern look.  Sarah was
caught by surprise as the chubby Nun began to strip.
	"Well you didn't think we slept in them, did
you?"  Theresa said as she began to unhook her habit
from behind.
	"Why no, of course not."  Sarah replied.
	In fact, she had thought just that, as silly as it
sounded.  The only way she had been able to get
over her youthful infatuation with Theresa was to
banish the image of her naked brown body from her
memory.  In had become near impossible for her to
visualize the round woman without the protective
brown habit.
	As the habit joined her headpiece on the
dressing chair, Theresa stood in just a white bra and
panties.  Sarah tried very hard not to stare, but it was
impossible not to.  Then when the white bra topped
the pile, Sarah had to bite her lip to keep her
composure.
	If anything, Theresa's breasts had grown
larger over the years with the extra pounds she had
gained. This was the closest she had ever been to
those dark brown nipples and she couldn't take her
eyes away.  In the cool night air, Theresa's nipples
stood out like small erasures.  Sarah felt a tingling in
her own much smaller breasts.
	Unaware of Sarah's fascination with her
body, Theresa moved to a dresser draw and pulled
out a blue nightshirt.  With a quick motion she
slipped it on, covering her large breasts.
	As she turned and finally noticed the look on
Sarah's face, Theresa assumed it was due to her
attire.
	"I guess you were expecting something made
out of burlap."  Theresa said as she indicated her
garment. "But regular nightwear has been ok for
years.  Even if it has Mickey on the front."  She
added as she pointed to the large mouse figure
draped across her mounds.
	"Now to find something for you."  Theresa
continued as she looked back into the draw.  "What
do you normally wear?"
	"Err....I usually sleep without...."  Sarah said
without thinking.
	"Ok, suit yourself."  Theresa replied as she
closed the dresser and crawled into the bed.
	Sarah quickly stripped down to her bright red
panties and slipped under her sheet.  A smile crossed
her lips as Theresa wished her goodnight.
	"It's a good thing I'm not a guy."  Sarah
thought as she began to drift off to sleep.  "Cause I'd
have the hard on to end all hard ons right now."


	-SARAH AND SR. THERESA-
	     By Ann Douglas
	     - part two-



	Sarah found that she was unable to sleep  more than a half 
hour.  Tired as she had been, she  couldn't get Theresa's naked 
image out of her head. She had been over it years ago, she kept 
repeating to  herself.  She'd had several affairs with other 
women  and had even fallen in love for a time. Why was it so  
hard to put this Nun out of her thoughts.
	"Because she was the first....."  Sarah said to  herself.  
"And she was the one you could never  have."
	Burying her head in the pillow, Sarah once  again tried to 
find elusive sleep.

	About an hour later, Sarah was still trying. Then she heard a 
soft mumbling from across the  room.  Theresa was saying 
something, but she  couldn't make it out.  Was she praying?
	Then Sarah remembered what Theresa had  said earlier about 
sometimes talking in her sleep. Intrigued, she rose silently 
from her bed and moved  a little closer to try and hear better.
	Tiptoeing across the room, Sarah found that  she could now 
hear Theresa clearly.  Understanding  her was another thing 
entirely.  Sister Theresa was  speaking in Tagalogese, her 
native tongue.  She also  seeming to be rocking back and forth 
in her bed,  perhaps she was having a nightmare.  
	Deciding that it would be better not to wake  her, Sarah began 
to return back to her bed when she  heard an English word.  
Theresa was calling Sister  Catherine's name.
	Curiosity renewed, Sarah returned to her  earlier position and 
moved around the bed to get a  better look. Theresa had kicked 
her sheets to the foot  of the bed, giving Sarah a clear view 
of the sleeping  woman.  
	"Omigod!" Sarah whispered in amazement as  she stepped back 
and clamped her hand over her  mouth to keep from calling out.
	She looked again to be sure of what she had  seen, not that 
she had any real doubt.  With her  Mickey Mouse nightshirt 
pulled up around her  waist, Theresa had pulled down her 
panties and was  masturbating with vigor.  Sarah looked again 
to be  sure that she really was asleep.  Then she heard her  
call out Sister Catherine's name again.

	"I can't believe this." Sarah said to herself as  she 
unconsciously dropped her hand to her own  panty covered mound. 
 "Were the two Nuns lovers?"
	Sliding her fingers beneath her waist band,  Sarah ran her 
fingers across her rapidly growing  wetness.  She had heard 
stories that many Nuns  were gay, but was always though them 
stories.  But  then every story had some truth in it.  A 
girlfriend's  sister had become a Nun and once told her that  
during their first few years they were never allowed  to be 
alone with another Sister.  There always had to  be a third Nun 
present.  
	A soft moan from Theresa snapped Sarah  back from her musings. 
 She didn't know about  another Nuns, but she was sure that 
Theresa was as  much a lesbian as she was. It was a shock to 
realize  this and she was torn at what to do.  To suddenly  
discover that her forbidden impossible love was  actually 
possible made her a little light-headed.  The  sensible thing 
she told herself, would be to crawl  back to bed and try to 
sort it all out in the morning.  
	Unfortunately, with all of her long buried  adolescent 
fantasies suddenly exploding in both the  forefront of her mind 
as well as within the growing  fire between her legs, sensible 
was the last thing she  wanted to be.
	A small rational voice deep within her cried  out that she was 
being foolish.  That she could be  throwing away everything she 
had worked for so  long.  But that voice of reason was quickly 
downed  out by a rising chorus of passion.

	With a trembling hand, Sarah reached down  and brushed her 
fingers across the hairy edge of  Sister Theresa's maidenhood.  
Summoning her  courage, she moved it downward and soon reached  
the light pink clitoris nestled between the dark brown  lips.  
Gently stroking it, she sat down on the edge of  the bed.  
	Sarah was debating her next move when
Teresa began to stir.  Sensing the strange touch on  her body, 
she began to open her dark brown eyes.
	"Catherine..?"  She asked sleepily.
	As her eyes fully opened she remembered  Catherine was long 
gone.  It took a moment for her  eyes to focus, then she saw 
Sarah sitting next to her.  
	"Blessed Mary,  Mother of God!"  She
exclaimed as she jumped up in the bed, causing  Sarah to be 
startled.
	Theresa pulled the sheet around her, horrified  that her 
former student had witnessed her shameful  weakness.  All those 
years of hiding her lusts within  these stone walls were now 
exposed.
	"Oh Sarah, please forgive me."  She said in a  rapid tone.  
	"Forgive you?"  Sarah asked. "Forgive you  for what?"
	"For my sinful display of course."  
	"Theresa,  in my mind, the only thing sinful  about what you 
were doing is the fact that you were  doing it alone."  Sarah 
said in a calm understanding  voice.
	"I don't understand?"  Theresa said, a  perplexed expression 
on her face.
	"Correct me if I'm wrong,"  Sarah continued.  "But the way I 
see it, you Sister Mary Theresa are a  bona-fided lesbian and 
I'd bet my last paycheck that  you and Sister Catherine were a 
lot more than  roommates."
	Theresa's brown skin paled with
embarrassment as she listened to Sarah.  All her life  she'd 
had these feelings, even as a little girl in her  village.  Her 
parents, with their strong unbending  catholic upbringings, 
never could understand that she  was different.  When she 
showed no interest in the  young men who approached her father 
about taking  her as a wife, the decision was made to ship her 
off  to the convent school at age 16.  Marriage or the  
Convent, there had been no middle ground.  
	It wasn't until she had come to America that  she found the 
words to describe what she felt.  And  it wasn't until she had 
met Catherine that she came to  grips with those feelings. 
Within these stone walls  they had been able to create a 
private world, safe  from prying eyes.  Until now.
	"I know what you're thinking," Sarah said.  "That the minute 
morning comes, everyone in the  school is going to know what 
you and Catherine  have been doing back here.  But believe me 
when I  say, no one will ever hear anything of the sort. Least  
of all from me."
	"You'll keep my secret?"  Theresa asked.
	"I guess I'd have to, especially after I tell you  that I 
share the same secret. I supposed that makes  us members of a 
different sort of sisterhood."
	"You're a lesbian?"  The Nun asked as she  finally started to 
relax.
	"Since I was 17."  Sarah said. "Since the  days when you used 
to tutor me in math."
	Sarah went on to tell Theresa everything.  About how she had  
discovered her emerging  homosexuality as a teenager.  Of  the 
secret feeling  she had harbored toward Theresa all those 
lonely  days and nights. She even told her all about the great  
shower peek show and of the many afternoons she  had return to 
the shower to watch her.
	"I'm overwhelmed."  Theresa stated.  "I had  no idea.  I was 
so afraid of showing any feelings  outside of this room, it was 
years before I even let  myself have any friends."
	With the specter of discovery banished,  Sarah and Theresa 
returned to the friendly warmness  they had shared in so many 
late night discussions. The only change was that now there were 
no longer  any secrets between them.
	"I have to ask,"  Sarah interrupted.  "Since  they would kick 
you out of the Order if they found  out about you and 
Catherine, and since even  becoming a Nun was your parents idea 
not yours,  what didn't you just leave?".
	"That's a pretty big question."  Sarah said. "And there's no 
easy answer.  There are two main  reasons I guess.  The first 
is that even if I left,  Catherine wouldn't.  She's been in the 
order twenty  five years, and had no wish to start over.  Over 
the  last year she began to become increasingly worried  that 
someone would find out.  When her father  became ill, she 
jumped at the excuse to  request a  transfer and put an end to 
our relationship."
	"But Catherine left three months ago...."
	"The second reason is simply that I'm afraid. This is the only 
life I've know.  How could I survive  outside these walls. Yet 
I know if  I don't come to a  decision soon, I'm going to 
follow the same path as  Catherine.  I don't want to wake up 
one day and find  myself all alone.  I've been so alone these 
last weeks,  I feel so empty.  My life is a lie and I don't 
know  what to do about it."
	Sarah took both Theresa's hands in her own. Looking into her 
dark eyes, she smiled and said.
	"First of all, you're not alone - at least not  anymore.  No 
matter what you eventually decide, I'll  stand with you.  Even 
if I have to stand up and tell  the world who I really am."
	"You'd do that?"  Theresa asked emotionally.  "How could you 
decide to sacrifice everything so  easily?"
	"When I think about all the things you did for  me.  About how 
I wouldn't be where I am if not for  your help.  Then the 
decision isn't all that difficult."
	Theresa gripped her hands tightly, overcome  with affection 
for her former student.  For the first  time in her life, she 
knew the true meaning of love.
	"You said that was the first thing."  Theresa  finally said 
with a beaming smile     "What was the  second?"
	"Something I wish I'd done six years ago...." Sarah said as 
she leaned forward and kissed Theresa  on her mouth. 



	Taken by surprise, Theresa didn't know how  to respond.  Aside 
from the few boys she had dated  back in the Philippines, she 
had never kissed anyone. Her physical relationship with 
Catherine had been  restricted to mutual masturbation.  She had 
never  actually made love to anyone - man or woman.
	She found Sarah's kiss to be soft and
pleasing. When she felt the moist warmth of Sarah's  tongue 
against her mouth she instinctively opened to  admit it.  The 
warmth spread throughout her body, bringing to life long denied 
urges.
	"I love you, Theresa."  Sarah said as she  broke the kiss.  
"I've loved you since I was a student. I want to make love to 
you, if you'll let me."
	The quickness in which she answered yes  surprised Theresa.  
She felt as she had just taken a  giant step in regaining her 
own life.  Whether Sarah  was going to be a part of that life 
was a question for  the future.  For the moment, the world 
beyond this  room no longer existed.  All that mattered was the 
 warmth of Sarah's body pressed against her own,  and the 
triphammer beating of their hearts.
	

	"You don't know how many nights I've
dreamed of these big beautiful breasts."  Sarah  exclaimed as 
she pulled the blue nightshirt up over  Teresa's head.
	  Lifting one of the large breasts with both  hands, she 
lifted it to her mouth.  Teresa's auerole  had to be almost 
threes inches across, dark brown  against a lighter shaded 
skin.  Sarah began to suck  tenderly on the nipple, sending 
ripples of delight  through Teresa's body.  Her tongue began to 
dart  alongside the dark circle, covering it with her hot  
saliva.  Then she would take as much of it as she  could inside 
her mouth,  her tongue playing with the  hard nipples as she 
did.
	While Sarah switched her attention to the  other mammoth 
mound, Teresa reached down and  slid her hand in between 
Sarah's legs.  To her  surprise, Sarah's crotch was hairless, 
giving it a wet,  slippery feeling.  Already well lubricated by 
Sarah's  own earlier attentions, it effortlessly admitted her  
two fingers, followed quickly by a third.  Moving as  fast as 
she could, she began to furiously finger-fuck  her new lover.  
	Sarah responded by continuing to pay with  her melon sized 
tits, alternating between kissing,  sucking or just plain 
squeezing them.  She would  then bury her face between them, 
pulling them tight  against her cheeks as she licked the skin 
in between.
	Bringing her attentions downward, Sarah  soon confronted the 
hairiest pussy she had ever seen. Most of Theresa's body had 
some hair on it, but no  where was it fuller than between her 
legs. Normally  Sarah liked a closely trimmed crotch, or one 
clean  shaven like her own.  But knowing that she was  
approaching virgin territory made the thick shrub all  the more 
exciting.
	Reaching her objective, she used both hands  to pull apart the 
fleshy skin and reveal the pinkness  within.  The fragrant 
aroma of raw womanhood  greeted her nostrils as she reached in 
with her tongue  and licked around her clit.  Then she began to 
 explore inside Teresa, using her talented tongue like  a 
doctor's probe.
	Teresa laid back, eyes closed and waded in  the waves of new 
sensations.  If only she had know  it could be this wonderful.  
Her pussy throbbed with  excitement as Sarah's tongue drew more 
and more  sweet nectar.  The younger woman buried her face  
between her tighs, causing the older woman to erupt  again in a 
burst of girlcum.
	"Mmmmm"  Sarah moaned as she sucked the  fruit of her labors 
into her mouth.
	Teresa was now lost to the world as
succeeding torrids of ecstasy raced through her  body. Her 
fingers had slid out of Sarah's cunt a few  minutes before with 
the onset of orgasm. Not that  Sarah cared.  All she wanted to 
do was drain her  pussy dry.  
	Teresa's body shook twice more, then finally  she could give 
no more.  Never had see felt so  exhausted or satisfied.  Sarah 
just laid there, licking  the spilled juices from her legs.  
When she finally  emerged, her face was covered from cheek to 
cheek  with shiny girlcum.  
	Pulling herself up along side Teresa, she  gave her a long 
penetrating kiss.  The taste of her  own climax filled her 
mouth, sending a new surge of  satisfaction within her.  
Experimenting with her own  tongue, she explored the wetness of 
Sarah's mouth.
	Embracing Sarah she ran her hands across  her much smaller 
pale breasts, playing with the  nipples as she had seen Sarah 
do.  Kissing one after  the other, she was delighted to find 
that Sarah's body  had it's own unique taste.  She couldn't 
wait to  explore the rest of her.
	"Later,"  Sarah said as she kissed her once
more.  "Right now I just want you to hold me."
	With that, Teresa pulled Sarah closer, letting  her rest her 
head upon those huge brown breasts  which had so fascinated her 
before.  For long  minutes they just laid there as Teresa 
pondered her  actions.  Surprisingly she didn't feel the least 
bit of  guilt.  An emotion which had always followed any  
activity with Catherine.  If anything, she felt  contentment.   
	Brushing Sarah's light blonde hair away from  her face, Teresa 
smiled as she realized that her new  love had fallen asleep.  
She kissed her on the  forehead and laid her head against 
Sarah's.  In less  than five minutes, she too was fast asleep.


	Four months later, Sister Mary Teresa
walked into Mother Patricia's office and announced  she was 
giving up her vows.  Before the month was  out, she had 
resettled in New England as the new  assistant principle of an 
exclusive girl's school.
	At the end of the school year, Sarah too  tendered her 
resignation, citing a better job offer. The Penderhouse School 
was more than happy to  welcome her to their staff, especially 
after the  flowing recommendation she had received from their  
new assistant principle.

END
