THE SPELL

     With a sigh, Simon Dulac closed his hotel room door and
collapsed in one of the off-white chairs.  Another exhausting
evening entertaining the audience; thank the Lord that this was
the last evening in LA.  Thank the entire trinity, he thought,
that this is the last stop on the tour.  It had been great fun to
start, all road shows are, but he was tired of new faces, new
cities and (surveying the room around him ruefully) the same
hotel room a thousand times over.  But, he had brought something
back from the end-of-tour party, something with a great deal of
promise for the rest of the evening.
 
     Standing and stretching, he pulled an envelope out of his
jacket pocket.  Gingerly tapping it, he pulled out a single
strand of black hair.  He couldn't entirely remember the name of
the boy it came from: Donald?  Dennis?  Damon, perhaps?  No
matter, he would find out soon enough.  He had met him at the
party.  He was 19, with green eyes, and a trim, slender body. 
They had only spoken for a moment, but he had touched his
shoulder long enough to capture the loose hair... And that was
all that he required to get to know him very well indeed.

     He flung open one of his suitcases, and began to search
through the many cloth-wrapped bundles.  While digging through
the case, he wondered what the audience thought he was actually
doing on stage, what tricks they thought he was using to deceive
them.  It amused him to think that, in a profession full of
deceivers, Simon Dulac ("The Mysterious One", his handbills
proclaimed) was actually just what he appeared to be:  a
magician.  No tricks, no deception; when the coins and flowers
and torches disappeared and reappeared, they passed nowhere in
between.  And his talents could control much more than mere stage
magic.

     Finally, he found what he was looking for:  a ceramic rod
and a deep narrow cup, about seven inches long apiece.  Pulling
them carefully from the wrappings, he sat down and comtemplated
them thoughtfully:  he didn't like using a focus, such as this,
but who knows how far away the black haired boy might be now? 
Simon was an excellent sorcerer, but even he needed a small push
occasionally.  As he wound the stolen hair around the rod, he
slowly cleared his mind and focused his attention on the
enchantment.  With a small smile, and with excitement over the
possibilities of the coming evening, he began to work his spell,
and pushed the rod barely a half inch into the cup.  He wondered
if the boy remembered him; soon he won't be able to forget him.
 
     Across town, David Barrett let out a small gasp.  He had
just gotten home from the party as well; it had been a tiring
evening. As he unbuttoned his 501's, he was completely unprepared
for the sudden wave of erotic excitement which coursed through
his body. He stopped and steadied himself with one hand against
the wall. The wave passed, but left a teasing, tingling sensation
between his legs.  "It must be longer than I thought," he smiled
to himself. But, it had only been a couple of weeks since he had
had sex, he chided himself; hardly long enough to get
uncontrollable urges.  He dropped his Levis to the floor, picked
them up, and draped them over a chair.
 
     Less than a minute later, the next sexual burst hit him,
leaving him clutching the edge of the sink.  In his desire, he
ran a hand under his shorts, and briefly stroked himself before
pulling his hand away.  "This is ridiculous," he thought.  "I
can't get to sleep like this."  For a moment, he pondered what to
do...  Unbidden, an idea formed in his mind.  "I need some fresh,
cold air; a drive around the city will do me some good.  I'm
hardly tired anyway," he said to himself, wondering why his
sleepiness had passed so quickly.
 
     Back in his jeans, in his car, he drove aimlessly about,
wondering what in the world had possessed him to go out again. 
It was almost 10 in the evening, and he had a heavy schedule of
classes ahead of him.  Still, he was feeling lively (and quite
sexy, he noted, as he examined his face in the rear-view mirror),
and somehow this drive seemed the right thing to do.  As he
slowly meandered his way towards downtown, he thought back on the
evening.  The end-of-tour party was pretty boring, all things
considered; he was just the son of a copy editor in the
advertizing agency handling what's-his-name's (Simon, came the
reply in his mind) LA stop.  He knew no one there, and the
conversation wasn't very interesting.  Still, he mused, he had
been introduced to the magician himself, and he seemed very nice.
 Goodlooking, too: blond hair, blue eyes, sharp features; nordic
without the harshness.

     "I wish I had had a chance to talk with him," he thought to
himself.  "I wonder if he's still in town?  I could use someone
to talk to..."  And with that, he started to think about his
college roomate, Jim, and how he wished the two could talk about
personal things.  "I wonder what Simon's like in bed with a
woman; magicians are supposed to have wonderful manual
dexterity."  (What on earth am I talking about?" he thought to
himself in the back of his mind).  As he spoke, he slowly undid
his belt, and opened the top button of his 501's. (And back at
the hotel, Simon slid the rod another inch into the cup).  The
boy's free right hand slid over his crotch and started to massage
his cock and balls.  He tried to think about Cynthia, his girl
friend, as he normally did when he jerked off, but instead his
mind kept flashing on images of Jim, and Simon.  As he turned
right onto a downtown street, one hand on the wheel, he  reached
down into his pants and began stroking his growing cock.
     With a start, he realized that he had stopped in front of a
downtown hotel.  Slowly and reluctantly, he pulled his hand out
from his pants.  "I've got to get some air;  I'll go for a quick
walk here," he said firmly as he parked the car and stepped out. 
But he found himself walking directly in the lobby, and taking
the elevator up.  He was in such a fever pitch of sexual arousal
that he barely noticed stepping off the elevator at the 12th
floor, as if he had been summoned there.
 
     As he walked down the corridor, his thoughts turned back to
Simon.  He felt very submissive and very horny, and somehow felt
that the itch was one only Simon could scratch.  A part of him
was amazed at himself; he had never had feelings like this
before.  But it was overwhelmed by the desire to be near Simon. 
He started to imagine himself and Simon together, in all sorts of
activities; playing football, fixing his old Chevy...  At room
1220, he stopped, and raised his trembling hand to the door.
 
     Simon smiled as a hesitant knock sounded at the door.  He
looked at the rod, slid more than two-thirds into the cup.  Every
time he worked a spell this powerful, that could bring a boy to
him from any distance, he was never entirely sure that it would
work.  But this time, as every time, it did.  He rose,
straightened his clothes by instinct, and stepped over and opened
the door.  He smiled at David, standing outside with a look of
bewilderment on his handsome, triangular face, swaying softly in
the corridor.
 
     "Come in, please," he said in a soft, but firm and
commanding voice.  "I've been expecting you."  In a trance, David
stepped into the room, his eyes not entirely focusing on him or
his surroundings. Simon shut the door quitely behind them, and
led him to the center of the room with a gentle touch on the
hand.
 
     He regarded the lovely boy before him; his green eyes glazed
and his short black hair perfectly matching the tight fitting
black t-shirt and even tighter jeans, his well defined chest
slowly rising and falling with his panting breaths.  He gently
took David in his arms and raised his lips to his; the boy
responded with a warm passionate kiss, his tongue darting out and
fencing with Simon's.  The boy pressed himself to him, letting
out a soft moan of pleasure at their passionate embrace.  As they
kissed, the last of his resistance melted away: he felt
completely docile and obedient.  All he could think to do was to
be with Simon, and do whatever the older man wanted.
 
     Gently, Simon pulled his mouth away, and looked deep into
his soft willing eyes.  "What do you want to do?" Simon asked
him, his voice light and teasing.  His voice heavy with lust, the
boy panted, "I wish to serve you and obey you.  I'll do whatever
you want me to do.  What is your command, Sir?
 
     "Undress, slowly," Simon replied, smiling at the beautiful
boy who was now completely his.

     With a soft sigh, David took hold of the bottom of his
t-shirt, and pulled it up and over his head and off, exposing his
muscled chest and tight stomach, which showed a very new growth
of black hair.  Then he reached in front of him and unbuttoned
his levis.  They  opened and fell down into a bunch on the floor,
revealing his tight white cotton undershorts, and slowly growing
basket.  He slowly moved his hands down to his shorts.  He
grabbed his cock through the fabric, and leaned his head back
with ecstacy as he fondled himself.  As he reached to pull his
shorts off, Simon stopped him.  "Leave them on for now.  Come
here!"  Obediently, the boy stepped into his embrace. They kissed
for a long time, their tongues passionately writhing and fencing
with each other, David's hands running through his hair and
pulling their their mouths even more firmly together.  Finally,
panting, they broke their kiss. Simon was finding it hard to keep
control; his cock was already hard and ready, and he wanted to
bend David over and fuck him now.  But it would be such a waste
if he didn't take full advantage of his new love slave.
 
     Simon returned to the chair and picked up the rod and cup.
He looked at him, standing nude except for his underpants in the
middle of the room.  He pushed the rod the remaining distance
into the cup. David let out a cry of ecstacy as wave after wave
of sexual energy flooded though his body;  the pleasure was
almost more than he could bear. He fell to his knees, panting
with desire.  "Please, Sir, command me!  I am yours, my lips, my
mouth, my tits, my ass,  everything is at your command.  What do
you wish?" he moaned.  "I want to obey you; I am your willing
slave."  As he spoke, his hands frantically masturbated himself
through his shorts.  "Come here, my slave and suck my cock,"
Simon said looking at his aroused lover.
     Slowly, David rose and walked over to Simon, his eyes half
open with lust.  He kneeled before Simon, and ran his hands over
his pants; he loved the firmness, how it felt.  He unzipped
Simon's pants and pulled them down; his 7 inch tool sprang forth.
 He ran him hands up and down, caressing and fondling it. 
Finally with a moan of "Yes, Sir" he lowered his moist, willing
lips to Simon's cock.
 
     His long, wet tongue slowly licked the shaft, running up and
down from the head to the base.  At the swollen top, he wrapped
his lips around it, teasing and probing with his tongue, only to
run his mouth back down to the base.  With a sigh, he licked and
sucked on his balls, pulling one, then the other, into his hot
mouth.  He gave head like an expert, and never had anything given
him so much pleasure as going down on Simon at his command. 
Finally, with a moan, he took Simon's pulsing tool deep into his
mouth, swallowing all 7 inches with ease. In and out, in and out,
he pumped his mouth up and down, taking it deeply into his mouth,
pulling out and sucking and licking the head with erotic abandon.
Small moans and cries of pleasure burst from him as he
deep-throated Simon.
 
     As he bobbed his head up and down, one of his gentle hands
fondled Simon's balls, stroking and cupping them in time to his
frantic sucking.  Simon reached down and began to fondle the
boy's pecs; they felt firm, the nipples erect and hard.  He
caressed them, running his fingers over their stiff points,
pinching them, as his expert lover continued to give him a wet
and wonderful blow job.
 
     Finally, Simon felt his orgasm approach.  He lifted the
eager, active head from his cock.  His eyes, half closed,
revealed nothing but love and devotion; his panting mouth and
expert tongue still ready to please him.  "What do you wish?" He
asked.  "I'll do anything you ask".

     Simon removed the rest of his clothes, as David stood by the
bed, his chest heaving, his body trembling with excitement. Then
Simon pulled the boy's shorts off, finally exposing the boy's
proud 6 inch uncircumsized prick, which was surrounded by short,
black hair.
 
     "Lie down."  David slowly climbed onto the bed, and lay
staring at the ceiling, his eyes glassy.  Simon moved over to
him, and laid down beside him.  "Now, my slave, we are going to
fuck. This will be the most wonderful fuck you have ever had in
your life.  It will not hurt, you will feel nothing but pleasure,
and when I tell you to, you will come.  Do you understand?"

     Oh, yes, Sir!  I want to be fucked by you so badly; I want
to feel your hard cock deep inside of me.  Please fuck me,
please!"
 
     "Lift your legs!" Simon commanded.  He smiled as David
slowly raised his knees to his chest, to reveal his excited ass
hole, ready for his cock.
 
     Quickly sliding between his legs, Simon paused for a moment
to stroke his hair, caress his chest and slowly lower his mouth
to his nipples.  David moaned and writhed under him, his fingers
circling his hard cock and fondling himself.  Simon moved to
penetrate him. With David's fingers guiding him, he thrust into
his love tunnel, shoving his entire length deep into the boy's
rectum.
 
     With a loud gasp, David pulled his lover to him, pressing
his mouth to Simon's in a wet, passionate kiss.  As Simon began
to slowly pump in and out of him, he writhed erotically, bucking
his hips back and forth with pleasure.  Simon matched him stroke
for stroke, thrust for thrust, the boy's long, slender, athletic
legs wrapped around him, pulling Simon deeply into him.  He
started slowly and teasingly,  pulling almost completely out of
him, only to slowly thrust back in again.  Raising himself on his
arms as he continued his firm and slow rhythm, he looked deeply
into David's adoring eyes, a small smile of pure desire on his
beautiful face.
 
     He lowered himself back to him and increased the speed of
his thrusts into him.  He responded passionately, his hands
clutching Simon's ass, pushing him even deeper into him.  He
softly panted, "Oh, it feels so wonderful!  I've never been
fucked by a man before... Oh, yes Sir... yes... oh, yes..." the
boy cried.  His slender neck arched back as Simon felt his strong
ass muscle contract again and again around his dick.  He began to
pump wildly into him, matching his squeezes and continuing his
orgasm to new heights.  The boy's body responded, thrusting back
against him in complete abandon.
 
     As David reached the height of his orgasm, Simon could no
longer hold himself back.  The boy's tremendously talented blow
job and strong, wild ass were driving him to his own climax. 
Abandoning himself, he contimued to pump deeply into David,
driven wild by his moans and sighs of ecstacy.  As he neared his
orgasm, David clutched him close, his lips and tongue teasing his
ear.  "Oh, Sir, come, please, fill my asshole, I want to feel you
come inside of me!" David cried out.  Simon erupted with a
fountain of come inside his willing tunnel.  "Now, slave, I
command you to come now!" he cried out, and as the boy came in
hard gushes between himself and his master, Simon collapsed onto
the boy as he pumped into him, again and again, filling him with
his hot seed.
 
     Together they rested for a long moment before Simon slowly
pulled out of him.  David gasped as his prick slid from his ass. 
Simon lay beside of him, on his back, admiring his latest love
slave.  This was hardly the first time he had brought a boy to
him, enchanted him with the strength of his quite real magic,
made him serve his sexual desires.  But each time was new, fresh;
no two of his submissive captives were the same.
 
     Slowly, David opened his eyes and smiled at his master.
Although the wild sex had drained him, he was still filled with
the desire to serve Simon, to obey his whim, to please him.  He
gently stroked his body, lightly caressed his softening cock.
 
     I'd love to keep him here tonight, Simon thought with
regret, but there's always a risk with spells this strong.  I
don't have the time to make it more lasting.  Sighing, he decided
to release him from his enchantment.
 
     "What is your name, slave?"  Again he looked over his
body... When I'm back in LA, I'll remember this one!
 
     "David, Sir."  He smiled sweetly and looked at him shyly. 
Simon quickly found out his address, phone number and other
details about his life; he answered all of his questions eagerly.
 Finally, he realized it was time to send him away... He was
already beginning to feel the strain it took to maintain the
powerful magic making him docile to his will.
 
     "Now, David, listen to me carefully.  I want you to get
dressed. And return to your apartment.  Go to sleep there.  When
you awake, you will remember none of this."
 
     "Yes, Sir."
 
     His lovely face showed a trace of regret as Simon looked at
his firm body and half-erect cock as he arose and dressed.
 
     Simon stood, and putting on a robe, he saw him to the door. 
With a final passionate kiss, he said goodbye to him.

     "Thank you, Sir,"  he said under his breath as they
embraced.  "I have never had sex like that before; I will come to
you, and serve you, whenever you wish it."  "Yes, indeed you
shall, David," he replied, smiling broadly.  "Good night."

The next morning, David awoke, remembering he had dreamed but
could not remember what it was about.  All that day, he couldn't
keep his mind on his classes.  He kept thinking of Jim, his
roomate, and decided that he'd invite him out for a beer later
that night at the campus pub, to try and get to know him
better...
