THE SALON
by Susan R.

I hurry to open the door when your insistent knock announces your arrival.
 The first sight of you takes my breath away.  You seem to tower over me
and the cut of your black tuxedo seems severe, accentuating the angled
features of your face.  I meet you in a gown of velvet black.  The bodice
encircles my throat from high on my neck to the depth of the cleft between
my breasts.  The sleeves snugly encase my arms, coming to points at my
fingertips.  The skirt of inky satin and lace swirls around the calves of
my black-stockinged legs.  A velvet bow holds my auburn curls firmly at
the nape of my neck.  I stretch on tiptoe to peck your cheek in greeting,
"I'll be ready in just a minute," I say as I slip away to put on the final
touches.

For our celebration you have reserved the private dining suite in an
exclusive all-male club.  Although it was established before the turn of
the century, the club still maintains its Victorian splendor.  The
centerpiece of the cozy salon is a small sofa, its wooden frame ornately
carved and its cushions richly covered in plush, emerald velvet.  The same
heavy fabric covers the walls entirely with intense color.  To one side, a
dining area is set with crisp white linen, gleaming silver, and crystal
goblets that refract the light from the multifaceted teardrops of the
chandelier.  Fragrant blossoms in jade bowls and burning candles on small
end tables fill the room with the dense frangrance of roses and beeswax.

When I return, you brusquely grab my hand and lead me to the limousine. 
I'm late again and your silent manner communicates your displeasure.  Once
inside you instruct the chauffeur to our destination and ominously close
the smoked-glass window.  I know that I am to be punctual and that I will
eventually pay for not respecting your requests.  I still try a futile
attempt to argue with you.  "I'm sorry, sweetheart, for being late but I
just couldn't help it.  My nails weren't dry and..."  You cut me off in a
curt tone, "I have told you for the last time about your tardiness and now
I am going to have to take action."  Before I realize what is happening,
you grasp my wrists and pull me across your lap.  "I know this is an
old-fashioned method, but it is the only way I know of impressing upon you
that I mean what I say."  Your strong hand finds its target as each sharp
smack paddles the seat of my skirt-covered bottom.

The surprise more than the bottom-warming causes me to squeal in protest,
"Oh, you monster, that's enough."  I kick my feet and flail my hands in an
attempt to stop my just-deserved punishment.  Your arms reach out to pin
my arms to the small of my back and to stop my feet before a heel finds
its target.  "I think it is time you learn how to behave properly when you
are with me."  You continue to spank my behind with resounding smacks. 
First to one side and then the other until the heat from my skin can be
felt through the layers of satin and tulle.  "Oh, how dare you!" I shriek,
escaping your clutches to pout in the corner, nursing my pride and
tingling behind.

You ignore me until the car pulls up in front of the club, then you say
coolly, "My pet, you can sulk all that you want but there is only one way
I can tame you and tonight I mean to do a thorough job of it.  You know
that we have an understanding and yet you continue to ignore me.  So, hand
me your wrists, now."  The tone in your voice tells me that I must finally
pay for my delinquency.  Meekly I raise my hands level with my fluttering
heart and from the console you retrieve the leather cuff restraints.  Each
circle of black leather fits snugly around my wrists and you snap them
together with a special clasp.  "I think it is time for you to learn a
hard lesson about our relationship.  I am the master and I will receive
your obedience at all times.  Is that clear?"  Timidly I nod my head,
"I'll try to do better, I promise."  "I'm afraid that is not enough, my
dear.  When I am through with you, you will know your place."  I feel
completely subjugated when you tie a black silk scarf across my eyes,
engulfing my senses in darkness.

You guide me from the car and lead me by the restraints into the club. 
The warm scent of pipe tobacco, old leather and wool suiting rushes over
my senses.  I can feel that men are watching us from the entrance gallery
and I flush at their rumbling voices of approval.  The butler approaches,
"Will you need anything special for your salon this evening, sir?"  "No,
and do not disturb us until I ring for you.  We will be ordering supper
later."  You startle me when I feel your finger trace the neckline of my
bodice and my embarrassment spreads from my imflamed cheeks down across my
breasts.  You whisper in my ear, "You should be embarrassed to know that
you have not pleased me."  Taking my bound wrists, you lead me away from
our audience toward the salon.

Once inside the room we quickly cross the carpeted floor and you sit me
next to you on the sofa.  You remove the blindfold, look into my anxious
eyes, and explain, "You displease me with your tardiness and apparent
disregard of our agreement.  However, I feel it is my responsibility to
teach you to be a good mistress.  No matter how trivial it seems to you,
you must learn how to properly treat your master and obey me in all
things.  I am going to discipline you for your own good and I warn you it
will be severe.  Do you understand and agree to this?"  I whisper a
trembling yes.  "Yes, what?"  "Yes, master."  "I am going to begin now and
I will stop only when I believe that you have really learned your lesson. 
Now, I am going to blindfold you again to remind you that I control the
situation."  You tie the inky silk across my eyes.  "Assume the position,"
you say in a cool and controlled voice.  Taking my bound wrists you guide
me as I lower myself across your knees.  I can feel your hand as it begins
to glide up my thighs and under my skirt.  With one swift movement you
flip the fabric to expose my bare bottom.  I hear the approval in your
voice, "I see, Susan, that you have learned some lessons after all."  You
have instructed me never to cover my sex so that you can have access to me
whenever you want and under my skirt I am wearing only a black garter belt
and seamed stockings.  You begin to caress my smooth skin, tracing the
tops of my stockings, exploring for the center of my sex between my
netherlips.  For only an instant I believe that you have changed your mind.

I cry out in surprise when your hand delivers the first blow.  You rest
one hand on the small of my back while the other lays down a methodical
pattern of smacks on each rounded cheek; at the top of my curve, around to
the fleshing outside, down to the soft crease and finally next to the
cleft of my sex.  You leave mottled imprints of your palm until both
cheeks are radiating a crimson heat.

After perhaps thirty or forty smacks to my exposed bottom, you lift me
into your arms to face you, removing my tear-stained blindfold and
releasing my bound wrists.  "Susan, I'm not finished with you yet. 
Because I have had to go to such extreme measures to make you obey me I
feel I must be assured that you have really learned your lesson.  I cannot
take you word alone any more.  So, you now must do exactly as I say to
prove that you will obey in the future.  Do you understand this?"  I can
only nod my acceptance, knowing in the depths of my being that what is to
come will truly test the limits of my ability to be your mistress.

"Fine.  I want you to kneel on this sofa, with your ass facing me,
completely exposed.  I want access to every opening so that I can use you
for my total pleasure."  Then you help me to stand.  Unzipping my dress,
it slips to the floor in a black halo around my feet.  Guided by your
hand, I step out and you carefully drape it across a nearby chair.  For a
brief moment you allow me to look at my surroundings.  The thick velvet
drapes, which cover even the door, will not allow escape, not even my
cries of pain or pleasure.  You lift the scarf covering the nearby table
and deliberately pick up the riding crop.  I am mesmerized by the sight of
you stroking the leather across the palm of your hand.  Then you lay the
crop back on the table and tie the scarf across my eyes.  "Kneel," you
command and I place myself on the sofa with my torso draped carss the
back.  "Raise that ass more."  In this position I await your eagerly
anticipated use.

You step in front of me and raise me up to meet your lips, grazing my
eyelids through the silk, tracing the edges of my earloabes.  Your kisses
are surprisingly gentle as you bathe my face with your petting.  Your
breath is becoming more urgent in my ear.  Little mews escape my throat as
the tip of your tongue darts behind my ear, flicking little bits of
pleasure on my skin.  You can smell the faint lavender scent of my perfume
mixed with the muskiness of my excited skin.  You grasp the sides of my
face and press your mouth hard against mine, your tongue probing urgently.
 I am breathless in my response to you, trying to meet your tongue with
mine.  "Oh Master, yes, please yes, I want you so much."

The tenderness ends as your hands clutch my breasts, stroking and kneading
the milky flesh.  You manhandle the nipples between your thumb and
fingers, pinching them into hard points.  Then you lower your head to one
breast and then the other...licking, sucking, biting until I can no longer
endure your pleasurable torture.  "Oh god, yes, harder...suck harder," I
moan.  Your powerful hands and masterful mouth send an erotic message to
my smoldering cunt.  Your hands move across my breasts to my shoulders,
caressing down my flanks, stopping at the roundness of my ass.  Firmly you
grab each mound of flesh and pull me closer to place my face before your
cock, straining to be free.

Your enormous, swelling cock is only inches from my darkened eyes. 
"Master, may I please see your cock?"  "No.  Unbuckle my trousers...and be
quick about it." you demand, placing my hands at your waist.  Once undone,
you deliberately pull the belt from the waist of your trousers and double
it in your hand.  "Perhaps I should give you a good strapping with this,"
you say as you trail the leather across the quivering, pearly skin of my
back and haunches.  "Now, unzip me."  Carefully I slide the pull down
across your swelling cock and my hand itch to feel its heat.  You push my
hands away and reach for your cock.  It is very large and pulsing purple
with engorged anticipation.  I am whimpering, "please release it, please
let me taste it."  You grasp it at the base and raise it only a breath
away from my eagerly awaiting mouth.  "Lick the cum from the tip."  My
tongue stretches to meet the droplet glistening there.  You pull away,
making me beg for it, "please, please let me touch you, let me lick every
inch of you.  Please, Master, let me taste your cum.  I want you to fuck
my mouth."  Suddenly you pull my head forward and fill my throat with your
pulsating erection.  Your hands entangle my curls and I mouth-fuck your
cock deeper with each stroke.  I can feel the bulbous head pounding the
back of my throat.  My mouth is so full that saliva dribbles past my lips
and down my chin.  You are frantically fucking my mouth and I am sure any
moment you will shoot your cockjuice down my throat.  Then as abruptly as
you began, you pull your cock from my mouth, spraying thick pearls of your
cum on my face and neck and breasts.  I wipe each drop of precious spunk
from my hot skin and lick my fingers clean.

Next you grasp each wrist in turn, securing them with a snaffle bit at the
side of the divan to the clasp on my restraints.  I am a complete display
of submissiveness to your desires.  My arms are spread, held fast by their
leather bonds, and my breasts are pushed forward over the back of the
ornate carving.  The previous tidiness of my face is now disheveled, lips
bruised from your kisses, tears staining my cheeks beneath the silk scarf,
curls rebelliously escaping their velvet ribbon.  My creamy haunches are
raised, shifting in an erotic dance of anticipation.  The sexy muskiness
of my desire competes with the heavy aroma permeating the room.

Repeating your movements of only a moment earlier, you tie each ankle to
the couch with a silk drapery cord.  Now each cheek of my voluptuous ass
is separate and my cunt is fully exposed, the lips glistening crimson with
my creamy juices.  My passion is reaching a frenzied peak and I hope that
you will fuck me soon.  "Please, Master, please make me cum.  I need you
so badly."  With one swift movement you plunge your middle finger into my
wet hole, sawing back and forth, spreading the wetness down my thighs. 
Smack, smack, smack.  I try to shrink into the couch to escape your hand. 
"LIft that ass higher," you demand.  Three fingers of one hand return to
fuck my cunt hole while your thumb rubs the button of my clit.  I am so
hot that my clit is purple and pulsing like a small cock.  Your other hand
spreads my oily cream on my ass cheeks, causing the next volley of
spanking to sting even more.

"Susan, I want you to know this is the last thing I am going to do before
you may cum.  I want to take you to the next level and I am going to use
the crop on your backside.  Each stroke will be hard and deliberate and I
want you to count each aloud.  When I am finished, I am going to fuck your
gorgeous ass."  Even as you say this, you continue to fuck my pussy with
your hand.  In a whisper I respond, "I am ready, Master."  You withdraw
your hand to pick up the riding crop.

One-the air faintly whistles before I feel the sharp sting of the leather
on my exposed ass cheek.  You reach over and trace the mark that it has
left on my flesh and I shudder with your unexpected touch.  Two-the next
one lands in the middle of the other cheek, marking it also.  My whole
body trembles.  Three-you flick your wrist and the stroke hisses off my
flank.  Four-five-your aim is careful and each lands avove the other on my
left flank.  You reach down to position my cream-soaked thighs. 
Six-seven-you place two quick strokes on the tender flesh of my inner
thigh and the redness is in sharp contrast to the milky whiteness. 
Eight-nine-each stroke lands smartly in the center of each mound of my ass
causing the flesh to quiver.  Ten-eleven-twelve-each counted with my sobs.
 Your experience places each stoke unerringly, never covering a previous
stroke with a new mark.  Thirteen-fourteen-my mind is reeling as I say
each word.  A dizzy sensation flutters in my gut with each blow. 
Fifteen-sixteen-this time each stroke licks my inner thighs and lands
above your previous marks.  Seventeen-eighteen-"You are close now, my pet.
 My god, your cunt is gushing.  Only two mor and that will finish you." 
Nineteen-"Louder, cry louder."  Twenty-the final stroke hits its mark.  I
am cumming, cumming and the animal-like cries pierce the air from the
depths of my soul.  You throw down your instrument of ultimate pleasure
and ferociously grab my hips to impale my ass.

"My god, your ass is on fire.  I'm going to fuck that red-hot ass of
yours."  With one swift movement you spread my inflamed cheeks and rub
your ready cock in my cuntjuice.  Cock in hand, you place the head at the
opening of my tight passage.  I feel your body weight steadily pressing
into my entrance.  I lunge my body back to hasten the inevitable.  "Fuck
me," I growl.  Deliberately and with force you ram your cock in and out of
my back passage.  My blistered ass is before your face to slap at will. 
Each thrust, each slap causes me to cream and it streams down my very wet
thighs to stain the cushions.  "Yes, fuck me, spank me," I hiss in a
hypnotic chant.  The velvety walls swallow my screams and pleadings of
pleasure.  Frantically you are plunging your cock into my ass and each
stroke brings us closer to an exploding climax.  When we cannot take the
intensity any longer, we explode together, your cum spurting against the
walls of my ass and my cuntjuice covering our thighs.

Spent, you withdraw as I collapse against the sofa cushions.  Tenderly you
release my bonds and cradle me in your arms.  "My pet, my pet," you croon
in my ear and kiss away the tears of my pleasure.
