Copyright © 1998,    Bebrack.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.



The Swim
By Bebrack

	The sun bounced its golden rays off the cement surrounding the 
swimming pool.  The hot concrete made getting out of the pool a test of 
courage.  It wasn’t too bad right around the edges of the pool, but as soon as 
you got away from where the water had been splashed, it was hot.  I watched 
as Janie gingerly got out and tippy-toed to the covered patio.  The bikini she 
was wearing couldn’t keep her tits from bouncing as she hippety-hopped on 
one foot, then the other to the shaded seclusion of the covered patio at one 
end of the pool.
	“Where you going?,” I yelled after her.
	“I gotta go pee,” she answered, “besides it’s to damn hot out here right 
now.  I’ll come back out when it cools off this evening.” And with that she 
went into the house.
	I was at Janie and her mom’s house.  We were supposed to be having a 
bar-b-q and a swimming party here later this evening and I had come over to 
help her get things ready.  We had just about finished setting things up when 
she suggested a swim to cool off.  
	After she left, I swam around for a bit then splashed water on the deck 
beside the pool and stretched out to sunbathe for a few minutes.  I hadn’t 
been there long when I heard someone walk up beside me.  I rolled over, 
expecting to see Janie.
	“It doesn’t take you long to pee,” I began to say, then shut up as I realized 
it wasn’t Janie. It was her mom.  “Oh, I’m sorry Mrs. James, I thought you 
were Janie.”
	“It doesn’t take me long, either,” Mrs. James giggled.  “Mind if I join you 
sunbathing?”
	“Not at all,” I said, trying not to stare at her but not succeeding.  She was 
taller than Janie, probably about five foot ten tall and weighed about a 
hundred an  thirty pounds.  All of it in the right places.  She had long blonde 
hair pulled back into a ponytail and was wearing the smallest bikini I had 
ever seen.  Her breasts bulged out the sides of the skimpy halter and her 
nipples were plainly visible as they strained to be free of the thin cloth 
covering them.  There was a long expanse of lovely tanned skin down over a 
softly rounded stomach until the string of her bikini bottom interupted the 
view.  But not for long.  Like I said it was the smallest bikini I had ever seen.  
Small tufts of pubic hair were visible around the sides of the skimpy cloth 
covering her pussy.  Long, tanned legs streched to her feet which were 
wearing a pair of thongs.  I noticed she had painted her toenails.  “I’d 
welcome the company,” I finally stammered out.
	She spread a large, heavy towel down beside me and stretched out along 
side me.
	“If the cement gets to hot, you can lay on the towel with me,” she 
offered, “there’s plenty of room.”
	“Thanks, I will if you don’t mind.  The cements about blistered my 
belly.”  I moved to the towel and lay along side her.
	“Before you get to comfortable,” she said, “would you undo the strings 
on my bikini.  I don’t want to have white lines.”
	“Sure,” I quickly agreed, “It would be terrible to ruin your beautiful tan.”  
I reached over and untied the bow of her bikini top and laid the strings out on 
each side of her.  She had her arms folded under her head and the lovely 
globes of her breasts squashed out from beneath her.  The throbbing in my 
swim trunks let me know that my cock was taking special notice of the 
beauty spread before it.  
	I’d started to lay back down when she said, “The bottoms too.  My buns 
have got to have some sun to.”  She spread her legs slightly as I untied the 
bows on each hip and pulled the bikini down, uncovering the luscious swell 
of her buttocks.  I lay the bikini on the towel between her legs and stretched 
out beside her again.  Only this time I lay on my side, facing her, so I could 
watch as she tanned.  I pushed my truncks down and let my throbbing cock 
escape from its confines.  I slowly, softly stroked it as I let my gaze travel 
over the lovely sight laying beside me
 I was imagining all kinds of wonderful things happening when she said, 
“Rub some of that suntan lotion on me, will you hon.  I don’t want to get 
burned, just tanned.”
	I got to my knees and pushed my trunks completly off, then reached over 
and picked up the suntan lotion.  I poured some lotion on her shoulders and 
started spreading it all over her. Slowly I rubbed it into her shoulders, then 
over her rib cage and down to the swell of her breasts. As I rubbed the lotion 
onto the sides of her tits she squirmed around a little but didn’t object so I 
continued to spread it all over her body.  As I neared the cheeks of her ass I 
decided to do her legs first.  I started with her calves and proceeded to move 
up her legs to her thighs, rubbing the oil into her skin.  When I got to her ass, 
I asked, “Do you want me to do your cheeks to?”
	“If you don’t mind.  I don’t want to get a sunburned ass,” she laughed.
	I straddled her legs and poured the oil all over her cheeks, letting a large 
portion run down the crack of her ass, then began to rub it in.  I slowly 
rubbed the oil all over her ass then over her inner thighs.  She sighed a little 
and spread her legs a littler farther apart so I let my hand slowly rub the oil 
up and down the crack of her ass.  Then I applied the lotion to her pussy, 
letting my finger slide up and down between the lips of her cunt.  She pushed 
back against my hand so I let my finger slip into her slick hot slit.  Her legs 
spread further and she raised her ass a little.  I was kneeling behind her and 
my hands went to her hips as I leaned forward and let my cock slide up and 
down between the cheeks of her ass.  In a moment or two I leaned back, 
pushed my pounding shaft to the entrance of her juicy cunt and gentley but 
firmly pulled her back, sinking about six inches of throbbing meat into her 
velvety, pulsating love tunnel..
	I couldn’t believe this was really happening.  Here we were in broad 
daylight, outside by the pool and I was fucking my girlfriends mother.  And 
she was the one that instigated the whole thing.  It must have been my lucky 
day.   As I pumped my hard cock into her she was meeting my every thrust 
with a twisting, grinding motion of her own.  Her breath was coming in 
short, jerky gasps and as I quickend the pace she began to moan softly.  It 
didn’t take long before I shot a load of hot, creamy cum deep into her 
slippery cunt.	 I relaxed behind her for a moment or two, just letting my 
rapidly diminishing cock soak in our mixed juices.  Finally I pulled my cock 
from her juicy hole and just flopped down beside her on my back.
	She raised herself up on one elbow and reached for my cock with the 
other hand.
	“You’re not getting off that easy,” she said as she started to stroke my 
slippery cum covered cock with soft, quick pumps.  “I haven’t cum and as 
soon as I get this thing hard again I’m going to fuck your nuts off.”
	“Sounds good to me,” I responded, “It won’t take long to get me hard if 
you keep that up.”  She was running her tounge down over my belly into the 
indentation made by my navel then lower, pulling on my pubic hair with her 
teeth.  Her tounge flicked out, teasing the slit it the head of my cock, as she 
slowly enveloped my sticky, cum covered cock with her silky, soft mouth.  
She worked at cleaning the cum off my rapidly recovering shaft, her head 
bobbing mechanically as her hands softly caressed my balls.
	When she was satisfied that my cock was hard enough, she quickly 
straddled my hips and lowered herself onto my glistening cock.
	“Oh, oohhh, aaaahhhh,” she moaned, as six of my eight inches slipped 
into her hot, wet cunt.  She leaned forward, her melon-like breasts swaying 
to the rhythm her hips was creating over my langquid body.  The suction of 
her juicy pussy was making soft slurping sounds as my rigid shaft entered 
then retreated from her hairy hole.   Her breath was coming in short, wheezy 
gasps that sounded like a broken-down steam engine.  Suddenly she caught 
her breath, threw her head back and with a long shuddering moan, collapsed 
on my chest.  Her body convulsed as her orgasm shook her, sending thrill 
after thrill through me as her velvety pussy clasped and released my cock.  I 
grasped her ass and pulled her tight against me as I shot a load of hot, creamy 
sperm deep into her womb.
	“Good Lord,” she finally gasped out, raising on her elbows so her nipples 
were just grazing mine, “I haven’t hit like that for months.”
	“Me too,” I confessed.
	“Well,” she asked, smiling down at me, “Have you been fucking my 
daughter?”
	“Hell no,” I blurted out, “Just her mother.”
	“Yeah,” she replied, “and very well too.  But why haven’t you been 
screwing Janie?”
	“Just never had a good chance I guess,” I answered, “she hasn’t jumped 
my bones like her mother did.”
	“Who jumped who?”, she demanded, pulling away and trying to tickle 
me.
	I held onto her ass and made one complete roll and we landed with a 
splash in the pool.  We came up gasping with her legs locked tight around 
my back and my hands holding her firmly against me
	“Well, maybe a little bit of each of us,” I conceeded
	“Could be,” she smiled, pressing her tits against me and grinding her 
pussy around on my prick which was still buried to the hilt in her gooshey 
hole, “but I didn’t see you running away.”
	“No, and now I’ve got your blessings we’ll see what I can do about Janie.  
I’ve wanted to get in her pants for quite a while but with your help I think it 
can be done,” I replied.
	“With my help,” she exclaimed, “what do you think I can do?”
	“I don’t know, we’ll think of something,” I said, starting to get a gentle 
thrusting motion started.  “We’ll have to think about it.”.
	I carried her to the shallow end of the pool and lifted her to the edge.  
She leaned back, poking her tits right at my face.  Who was I to argue?  I 
bent down and took one lovely nipple between my lips and gave a quick 
tweak.  My hands came up to cup the lovely globes as my tounge swept in 
little circles around her large brown nipples, first one then the other.  Her 
breathing became a little ragged and she moaned as my lips traveled down 
over her stomach to the curly dark hair covering her pussy.  She surely 
wasn’t a natural blonde but who cared?  My tounge traced a line around the 
lips of her cunt, slowly working its way to the dripping slit.  I spread the lips 
and the pink inner flesh of her labia beckoned to me.  My tounge entered her 
pussy with long, strong licks and settled on her clit.  My lips held the little 
man as my tounge massaged it wildly.  She was talking to me non-stop now, 
urging me to finish her off.
	“Oh, come on baby, eat my pussy!.....lick my clit till I cum all over your fuckin’ 
face
....I’m going to drowned you when I cum!!......Oh, ooohhhh, oh baby...eat your 
mommy’s pussy so good.”  Her body shook as wave after wave of sexual 
tension racked her body, then slowly she relaxed and lay panting on the edge 
of the pool, her legs dangling in the water on either side of me.  I ducked 
under the water and rinsed the juices from her dripping cunt off my face.	
	As my head came out of the water I heard Janie call, “Mom, have you seen 
Mark?  He was here a little while ago.  I wonder if he’s gone home?”   She 
walked towards her mom, her eyes taking in the towel, the bikini scattered 
helter-skelter and then back to her mother.  She looked at the red, agitated 
pussy lips with the hair matted and gooey, then up to the nipples that were 
still erect and pointy.  “Got a little carried away with yourself, didn’t you?”, 
she asked.  She straddled her mother, looking down at her, her back to the 
pool,  “You’ve scared him away, haven’t you?”, she demanded.
	“Not so you’d notice,” her mother replied, “if you were a young man would you 
run away from a naked lady?”
	“I guess not,” Janie said, “but I wonder where’s he gone?”
	I quietly surfaced from under the floating lounge where I’d been hiding and 
slowly crept up behind her.  I reached up and grabbed the waistband of her 
bikini and gave a big jerk.  Three things happened.  Janie gave out a 
surprised yell.  She fell backwards into the pool ...and her bikini bottoms 
came off in my hand.  I stood there, holding her bikini and watching as she 
splashed and sputtered as she stood up in the waist deep water.
	“Wha...what...what’re you doing?,” she spluttered, looking from the bikini in my 
hand to her mother lying on the pool edge with her legs spread, down to my 
red, swollen cock.
	“Well, I was sunbathing when your mom came out,” I answered, “then we were 
both sun-bathing, then she asked me to rub some suntan lotion on her.” I was 
slowly walking toward her as we talked, and she was slowly backing away, 
moving into deeper water. “ Then I put my throbbing cock into her slippery 
cunt and fucked the shit out of her.”
	“YOU FUCKED MY MOTHER?,” she screamed, as she turned and swam for 
the end of the pool.  I was right behind her.
	“Yeah,” I shouted back, “ and she loved every minute of it....just like you will.”  
She had reached the end of the pool and was climbing out when I caught up 
to her.  She had her elbows on the edge, ready to climb out when I reached 
out and caught her.  By the string tying her top together.  I gave a yank and 
she splashed back into the pool.  Minus the top.  She fell on top of me and 
we both went under water, arms and legs tangling as we wrestled around.  
Finally, after what seemed like an hour, we surfaced and clung to the edge of 
the pool.  I had one arm around her waist and the other clinging to the pool 
side.  She had both arms wrapped around my neck and her legs wrapped 
around one of mine.  Her tits were squashed tightly against my chest and her 
soft pubic hair was rubbing on my leg.
	“Oh, how could you,” she gasped, “with my mom?”
	“It just kind of happened,” I explained, “I was rubbing the oil all over her and 
just got to turned on to stop.  Besides I was thinking about you in that little 
bikini you used to have on.”
	“Oh...oh,” she stammered, realizing for the first time we were both nude, “ oh, 
let me go. I’ve got to get some clothes on.”  She began twisting and trying to 
get away from me.
	“Why?,” I asked, “I like you just like this.”  I held her tight against me and she 
soon calmed down and began to snuggle against me.
	“But mom’s right there and I feel so funny about it,” she whispered softly to me.
	“I know what we should do,” I grinned at her, “let’s go and rub oil all over the 
front of her. I didn’t get a chance to do that and we wouldn’t want her tits to 
get sunburned, would we?”
	“No, I guess we wouldn’t,” she giggled, “Okay, let swim down there really quiet 
and we’ll gang up on her.”  I let her go and we swam quickly to the shallow 
end of the pool.  Her mother was still laying there, her arms streched out, her 
legs spread, dangling in the water  and her titties pointing at the sky.  We 
climbed out of the pool, one on either side, and splashed water over her 
tummy and onto her tits.
	She started to get up, gasping, “Oh, what do you think....”
	“Shush,” I told her, pushing her back down, “Just lay back and enjoy.  We’re 
going to put some oil on the front of you so you don’t sunburn those lovely 
tits.”
	“We’re?”, she questioned, looking back and forth at us.
	“Yeah,” I answered, “Janie’s going to help.”
	“Good baby,” she sighed, “rub the oil all over me.  On my titties and my belly 
and down on my pussy and everywhere.”  She lay back and closed her eyes, 
stretching luxuruously.  I reached over and picked up the bottle of suntan 
lotion and started making designs on her body with it.   A couple of big loops 
around her breasts with smaller ones encircling her nipples, then a long 
string between her tits, right down to her navel, then further south through 
the matted down pubic hair and between the swollen pouty lips of her well 
fucked pussy.
	Janie looked over at me questioningly, so I said, “you take one tit and I’ll take 
the other, work the oil in good, especially around the nipple, then we’ll work 
our way down.”  She nodded in agreement and started rubbing the oil over 
her mom’s tit.  I took the other one and softly rubbed the oil over her chest, 
down the valley between her tits and up over the swell of her lovely love 
jugs. When I reached the top, where the nipple was erect and just waiting to 
be sucked, I leand down and grasped it between my teeth.  Tugging gently, I 
pulled it into my mouth and ran my tounge over her sensitive nubbin, then 
winked at Janie as her mother gasped with pleasure.  Janie winked back and 
started to give her tit the same treatment.  It wasn’t long before her mom was 
squirming and groaning, hips thrusting upwards in anticipation of what she 
hoped was coming.  We left her tits for a minute, stroking and smoothing the 
oil over her belly, through the shrubbery and down to the vee of her legs.
	“Rub the oil all over the lips of her cunt,” I told Janie, as I was switching 
positions, placing my now throbbing cock within easy reach of Janie’s moms 
mouth, “as your rubbing it in, it wouldn’t hurt to slip a finger or two into her 
slit.”
	Janie was staring at my pulsating cock, now just inches from her moms face, and 
caught her breath as her mom reached out and grasp it with one hand, turned 
her head and flicked her tounge over the tip of my prick.  Janie’s gasp 
matched mine as her mom slowly sucked the head of my cock between her 
parted lips and I slowly began to fuck her silky smooth mouth.  Janie was 
watching and as she looked at my cock sliding in and out of her mother’s 
mouth, she unconsiously began moving her fingers more rapidly.  Soon we 
leaned toward each other as our hands were busy on her mom’s body.  I 
leaned over and softly kissed her full, lovely lips.  Her lips were slightly open 
and I ran my tounge tentatively into her wet, warm mouth.  She responded 
quickly and soon our tounges were lashing and probing, exploring new 
territory.  After a minute, we fell back, gasping.
	“Okay,” I said, slowly withdrawing my cock from her mom’s mouth, “It’s your 
turn, scoot around so your straddling your mom’s head.”
	As soon as she got into position, her mother’s hands reached up and pulled her 
ass down so she could reach the slightly parted lips of her daughters cunt.   A 
low moan escaped from Janie as her mom’s tounge slowly licked the juices 
that were flowing so freely from her yearning slit. 
	 I reached out and pulled her mom’s legs up and said, “Ok Janie, hook your 
elbows behind her knees and see what you have.”  She did and then lowered 
her head to her mom’s pussy.  She began tracing lines around the lips of her 
moms cunt with hertongue, then the length of her slit, gently forcing the lips 
open.  I laid back and watched for a long minute, mom and daughter, eating 
each other out.
	I got up and moved behind Janie, placed a knee on each side of her mom’s head 
and guided my hard hunk of meat into her very wet pussy.  As it slid into her 
very ready tunnel of love, I felt her mom’s tongue travel up my shaft to my 
balls and softly massage them.  I began a slow withdrawl and a quick reentry 
and soon we were all moaning and gasping for air.  It wasn’t very long before 
I felt the slippery walls of Janie’s vagina contract around my prick, grasping 
it in it’s velvety softness and squeezing it with wild abandon.
	I let out a out a low, gasping moan and said, “Oh lord baby, here I come ready or 
not.”
	“Me toooo....,” she groaned, in a high breathless squeal.
	My cock throbbed and jerked as it spit it’s load of hot, gooey cum deep into her 
clasping, grasping pussy.  I collapsed onto her back and could feel her 
mother’s mouth cleaning up the juices that were leaking out from around my 
rapidly wilting shaft.  We lay like that for a few minutes, just catching our 
breath and then I pulled out and stood up.
	“We’d better get cleaned up and dressed,” I said, “People are going to start 
arriving for the bar-b-que in a little while.  We don’t want them to find us 
like this.”
	“I guess not,” Janie and her mom replied in unison, “but you’re going to stay and 
help us clean up afterwards aren’t you?”
	“Sure,” I answered, smiling at them, “ a man’s work is never done.”




	

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....