The Twist

In the rapture of the early morning hours as the summer sun 
beamed its first light through my window my lover took me as 
he usually did in the morning hours of each new day.   His 
muscle  knotted in his shoulders and he used his arms and legs 
to thrust deep inside of me.    I stretched my legs wide for him, 
allowing him to enter me as far as he possible could.   His cock 
was not that long but it was very thick.   He often told me as I 
sucked on him that there was nothing sexier than seeing my 
little mouth stretched wide around his cock as I took him down 
my throat.  His favorite position was to lie me on my back with 
my head hanging over the end of the bed.  From this angel he 
could fuck my face at will and see my throat fill with his 
wonderful cock.   Over time I had managed to control the gag 
reflex I had with Tommy when I first started dating him and I 
know he liked what I could do to him with my mouth and the 
other parts of my body.    I had three openings that begged his 
attention and Tommy was always eager to fill any one of them 
for me.

As he continued to stretch within me we continued to rock the 
bed with our motions.   Tommy grabbed my legs and slung 
them over his shoulders so that he could enter me as far as 
possible.   I was comfortable with his length of 5 inches because 
he was so very thick.   As I felt his cock swelling inside of me I 
too was close to another orgasm and as I felt the rush of his 
warm semen splash against my inner walls, I came with him in 
a rush of pleasure.   Tommy rested on top of me for a moment 
as he caressed me ever so gently, kissing the sweat from my 
forehead and slowly reaching under me and removing the six 
inch vibrator that he had shoved in my ass before he put his 
cock into me.   Tommy knew that I had my most intense 
orgasms when we have anal sex but only treates me to this 
treat on special occasions or when he felt I needed it.

We showered together and dressed and then headed off 
towards work.   Tommis's company was taking him on a 
business get-a-way for the weekend so knowing it would be at 
least a days before he could have me again may have been the 
reason he treated me so well that morning.   As I kissed 
Tommy good-bye he promised me  a special treat when he 
returned and I spent the rest of the morning just basking in the 
afterglow of our morning.

The weekend was mine as I lay there enjoying the warmth of 
the sun as it beat down on me through the window on my 
naked body.   My hands gently ran their length of my body as I 
tried to imagine what I would do on this beautiful sunny day.

I ended up spending most of the day in that window reading 
"The Client" and just enjoying the sun.  The cat was curled up 
on the blanket I had placed over my lower half and like me, 
purring gently in the warmth of the sun.    A phone call broke 
my silence late that night as I realized it was now after 
10:00PM.   Tommy called to say I love you and said that he 
would be back around 3:00PM the next day.   He said that to 
get out early he wondered if it was ok if Bruce and Richard 
could come over for a late lunch to finish thing up for the 
weekend.   I did'nt have a problem with that and told Tommy 
that I would fix a nice lunch for the four of us.   

The next day the men arrived right on time.   All three of them 
were wearing their business suites and I wondered if they were 
roasting in the heat.    Tommy was a jeans and T-shirt kind of 
guy but in his gray double brested suit he looked incredibly 
sexy.   I had told him in the past with a big grin that he would 
get some from me every time he wore it because he looked so 
sexy on him.   Bruce and Richard were in similar suites and all 
of them looked great.    These guys not only worked together 
but hung out as friends and did a lot of macho  shit together 
like working out and sports.   Like Tommy they were in great 
shape and looked great with their shirts off.   There stomachs 
were hard and ripply and there buns were tight.   Bruce and 
Richard would come over in the summer months to use our 
pool and I always loved to watch the boys in their small little 
swim suites.   I had always noticed the large bulge in Richard's 
suit when he was here  and Bruce seemed to have that fuck me 
look most of the time.

I greeted Tommy with a big hug and kiss and gave the guys a 
smooch on the cheek as I took their coats.    They say down at 
the dinner table but the conversation was mostly on sports and 
the old fart that ran the company.    I served the guys a large 
chef salad which seemed appropriate for the heat and joined 
them for a few beers.   The guys were easy to talk to and when 
I suggested that we put the shop talk aside for the day and go 
for a swim they all jumped at the chance.   Tommy had some 
extra suites that the guys put on as I slipped into a little two 
piece that Tommy loved.    Even though I am only 5"4' my 
dimensions were 35-21-34 and this suit showed off all my 
assets.    When I got down to the pool the guys were already in 
the water and the whooped and cooed at me as I headed for the 
water.   I gave them a few poses and strutted like a model on 
Broadway before diving into the cool water.  When I surfaced 
Tommy was there to greet me with open arms and a big kiss.    
He took me in his arms and  gave me a deep probing  kiss.   His 
hands slid down my back to cup by buns as he gave them a 
gentle but firm squeeze.    He looked into my eyes with a big 
grin that told me I was missed as he continued to touch me 
under the water.   My hand glided over his trunks and I could 
feel the bulge in his shorts getting harder.   

"Where is my surprise I asked" as he took me in his arms and 
my hands pulled his shorts of his butt.    He just smiled and 
continued to kiss me.     As I took his cock in my hand and 
began to squeeze him under the water his hands managed to 
spring one of my breasts free from my bikini top.  As he 
caressed my exposed nipple between his thumb and index 
finger  the cool water on my breast felt wonderful.  In no time 
at all my top was floating somewhere in the pool and I was lost 
in the moment.   

As my bottoms started to slide down past my knees I was 
startled for I realized that Tommy's hands were not the ones 
that were undressing me.  As I stepped out from my bottoms 
still locked in a deep kiss with Tommy, I felt two pairs of hand 
on my body and remembered then that Tommy and I were not 
alone in the pool.   Tommy broke our embrace for a moment as 
just said "surprise honey, this is for you"  As I turned Richard 
and Bruce encircled me and began kissing my neck and face 
very softly.  Tommy joined in and as the six hands caressed my 
naked body, my mind just enjoyed the sensations those 33 
wonderful ligaments were bringing me as they danced and 
rubbed over me.   The three of us moved to the shallow end of 
the pool and I helped Richard  out of hit trunks to see the 
biggest cock I had ever seen.   It was almost as thick as 
Tommie's but was at least 3 inches longer and hard as a rock.   
As I took it into my hands I was wondered if something this big 
could fit in my little body.    Tommy had me sit on the side of 
the pool with my legs the water laying back on the towel.   
Richard and Bruce stayed in the water and took turns eating 
me for the next 20 minutes or so as Tommy straddled my chest 
so I could suck his thick  cock.   Tommy put his hands behind 
my head for support as I leaned upwards taking in as much of 
him as I could in this position.   I could feel Tommy cock 
expanding in my mouth and I knew he was ready to come.   
My hands reached behind him and I pulled him into me as he 
shot his wonderful load down my throat.    I soon reach my 
first on many orgasms as Richard buried a finger deep in my 
ass and massaged my clit with the other hand and Bruce's 
tongue worked its magic over the rest of me.

I was delirious with pleasure as I lay there for a moment.   
Bruce and Richard got out of the pools and rolled me over on 
all fours.   Tommy just pulled up a chair to rest for a bit and 
watch as these two men had their way with me.   Richard 
moved in front of me with that enormous cock staring me right 
in the face as Bruce entered me from behind.   His cock slid 
easily into my wet cunt and I stretched my mouth wide and let 
Bruce Fuck my face.   The three of us moved in perfect unison 
as I either sank back on Bruce's cock or forward on the 
monster in my mouth.   The guys then rolled me over on my 
back and resumed there rolls on me.   Tommy asked me if I 
thought  could take all of Richard manhood down my throat.   
As Richard moved in and out of my mouth I could feel my 
throat stretch to take his length.   I had never had a cock this 
deep in my throat before and it felt wonderful.   I put my hand 
on my throat for a minute to feel how deep it was going inside 
of me as Bruce continued to pound into me harder and harder.   
Richard said he wanted to trade places with Bruce so Richard 
lay on his back and I mounted his great pole.   As I eased onto 
his rod I could feel my insides stretch to make it fit.  As inch 
after wonderful inch filled me, I was amazed at just how good 
it felt.   As I bobbed up and down on Richard, Bruce stood in 
front of me and I began to suck his cock still tasting my own 
juices on his shaft.    Again the two men worked in unison on 
me and my body quivered from one orgasm to the next.    As I 
sucked on Bruce's Cock I looked over at Tommy with the most 
sultry smile I could pull and then told him I had one opening 
left for him to fill.   Tommy smiled as he stood next to Bruce 
and I took turns sucking their cocks until Tommy was hard 
again.   Tommy pulled his thick cook out of my mouth and 
grabbed a bottle of baby oil from the picnic table.   I watched 
him as he covered his cock with the oil making it shiny.  It 
gleamed in the sun.   As he moved behind me the cool squirt of 
baby oil down my crack running over my anus and over 
Richard cock rocketed me to another orgasm.    Tommy 
worked the oil over my sensitive little area and I raised up on 
Richard's cock so only the tip was in side of me.   The tip of 
Tommy's cock penetrated the tip of my asshole and then shot 
through as the muscles around him relaxed.   I wondered if my 
little frame had room for both of these guys but more than 
anything I wanted to find out. Taking three men at the same 
time had been one of my deepest and most cherished fantacies 
and now it was happening.   I removed Bruce's cock from my 
mouth as I looked into Tommie's eyes.    He knew my facial 
expressions better then anyone and would know if I was ok.   
Slowly he worked his lubricated cock in and out of me until I 
had all of him inside of me.   I looked into Tommy's eyes and 
sat back slowly on Richard's cock.  The feeling was incredible 
and unique at the same time.  Finally I had both of them deep 
inside of me.  As they began to move independently I could feel 
there cocks rubbing together inside me, separated only by a 
thin layer of skin.  I turned again resumed sucking on Bruce's 
cock.    I looked up at him and as I ran my tongue up his shaft 
I told him I wanted him to come deep in my throat.  He smiled 
and began to fuck my face like there was no tomorrow.  Bruce 
placed his hands on my shoulders and helped push my body 
onto Richard's and Tommie's cocks.  As the three of them 
worked my body  I could feel the next orgasm swell from deep 
within me.   As it slowly overtook my body my muscles in my 
anus and pussy clamped down hard on the cocks within me.   
Bruce moaned as his orgasm neared and his cocks swelled in 
my mouth.   As I clamped down hard on Tommie's cock I 
could feel his cock pulsing inside of me as he neared his own 
climax.  My orgasm was still shooting through me in waves as I 
took all of Bruce's cock down my throat and felt his warm 
semen splash against the walls of my throat.   Tommy also 
came as I felt the warmth of his semen fill the depths of my 
private opening.   Bruce pulled his now limp cock out of my 
mouth and I quivered as I felt Tommie's cock shrink inside me.   
As I used my inner muscles to push him out, Tommy grabbed 
the baby oil again and squirted it under my buns and on 
Richard's Stomach.  Bruce moved in front of me and Tommy 
moved in behind me and together they rocked my body over 
Richard's cock.  If Bruce pulled, Tom pushed as I glided over 
the hard surface of Richard's oil covered stomach.  His giant 
cock crashed against my inner walls and  as he neared his own 
orgasm I could feel his cock swell inside of me even more.  
Tommy and Bruce rocked me even faster over Richard cock as 
he and I both exploded in unison.

My body went limp on top of Richard as he shrank inside of 
me.  I had no energy and could not even move.   Bruce and 
Tommy lifted my limp body and carried be into the pool.   My 
sweat covered body sank into the cool water and I basked in 
the afterglow of the moments before.    Bruce and Richard left 
the pool and the back yard and returned several minutes later 
dresses in their suites.   They told me good-bye and thanked 
Tommy and I for a wonderful afternoon.   Tommy and I just 
floated in the pool for a bit and then showered and  crawled 
onto our waterbed that was nice and cool.   I turned to Tommy 
and thanked him for the wonderful surprise, and told him that 
next time he left it would be my turn to surprise him.   He 
smiled and kissed me ever so softly as our intertwined bodies 
drifted to sleep.

*************************************************************
Fantacy by Lisa
Written from her oral descriptions by her male friend.
Hence the title, the twist, and you thought it was written
a woman.
*************************************************************


