                            The Tape
                            By Arthur
 
 
The scene:
   
A woman kneeling, wearing a black satin chemise, and black silk
panties. By her side are a leather collar, four clothes-pins, a
bowl of ice, several vibrators of various sizes, and a tape
recorder. The woman is young, about twenty-four. She has flowing
red hair and a fair complexion to match. Her figure is compact,
tight, like a dancers. Her breasts are small, but nicely rounded.
Her nipples, when erect, stand out like little fingers. Her hips
are trim and shapely, her legs long and muscular.
 
She eyes the tape recorder with some trepidation, as if trying to
come to a decision. She wants the message that the tape will bring,
but she dreads it. She wonders where inside her this awful, burning
need comes from. She is at once excited, ashamed, nervous and
embarrassed.  She can hardly believe what she's about to do, yet
she painstakingly made the preparations, just as he ordered in his
letter.  She marvels at his ability to take her breath away from
so great a distance.  She reaches for the "Play" button, hesitates
one last time, then takes a deep breath and presses it...
   
"Hello slave girl," his voice so deep, so commanding, sends a
chill down her spine, a tingle of anticipation, "The fact that you
are hearing my voice tells me that you have prepared yourself as
I required and are ready to fulfill you desires. From this moment
forward you are to do nothing, unless commanded by me; you are to
do everything that I command without hesitation. If you are not
capable of following these simple rules you should turn the tape
of now," and then silence.
   
Ten, twenty, thirty seconds passed and just as she thought
to check the tape:
   
"Good, I'm pleased that you're still with me. Raise your hands to
your neck, slave girl. Feel the smooth skin of your throat with
just your fingertips. Imagine the feel of leather encircling your
lovely neck. The collar, my collar, which you will soon be wearing.
Soon, but not yet. You must earn the right to wear my collar.
Inter-weave your fingers behind your neck, then pull back your
elbows. That's right, thrust out your breasts, my breasts, let me
see them. Your nipples are already hard, aren't they, stiff against
the lace that covers them?  You're such a nasty little slut aren't
you? You like it when I tell the truth about you, don't you? You
get excited when I tell the secret that you keep locked deep
inside, that you, the modern, successful woman, are really a wanton
slave slut, slave to your own desire, and my commands. That just
the sound of my voice makes your nipples swell and your pussy wet."
 
She drew in her breath, marveling at how quickly he had gotten her
into the scene, how well he knew her desires. She felt like the
slave slut he described, her nipples were aching for attention and
her panties were starting to dampen.  Her breathing was becoming
ragged and a bead of sweat was forming on her forehead.
 
"Remove your nightie slave girl. That's right, pull it right over
your head. You have such a lovely body, its a shame to keep it
covered so. Ah, that I were there to caress your breasts, to tease
the hard little nubs, to pinch them between my thumb and first
finger, softly first, then harder and harder until you moan. But
that will have to wait. For now, you must be my hands, my lips.
Your hands must be as mine. Caressing where I say, pinching,
slapping, teasing where I say. And never touching anywhere, except
where I say. You're hands will be my hands, slave girl. With your
right hand reach up to your left breast. Run your fingers lightly
around the breast moving closer and closer to the nipple. Now take
the hard nipple between your thumb and finger. Hold tightly now.
Now pull your nipple up gently away from your breast. Feel the
weight of your breast pulling on your nipple. Pull harder now.
Harder. The pain is starting now. Pull you nipple hard, slave. It's
my hand you use. Pull harder. Feel the pain, and pleasure merger.
Feel the way the pain in your nipple makes your little clit stand
up and beg for attention. Hold now. Hold."
 
Her eyes were closed to a squint, and tear was rolling gently down
her cheek, but she  continued to pull on her distended, swollen
nipple.
   
"Now, release the nipple and return your hands to behind your
neck."  She quickly responded to his command, heaving a heavy sigh
as she released her tender nipple. "You look so enticing that way,
on your knees, legs apart, back straight, breasts thrust out. Oooh,
the one nipple seems so swollen and red and the other hasn't had
any attention yet. We'll just have to correct that situation now,
won't we?  Take your right hand now, and caress your left breast,
just as before. That's right, now pull on the nipple, but not so
hard this time. Stop just as you feel the weight of your breast on
your nipple. Good. Now, with your left hand, pick up a clothespin."
 
She hesitated, afraid of what might come.
 
"Do it slut!. Pick up the pin. Its what you want. Its what you
need. Pick it up. That's a  good little slut, pick up the
clothespin. Now open it, and place it on your nipple, just behind
your fingers. Oh, cry out for me  little slave. Does it hurt? Does
the pain arouse you more? You're my little slut, aren't you? Take
your fingers away. Look at the  pinched nipple. Its so nasty to
look at isn't it?  So awfully  naughty. But it turns you on too.
I know it does. It makes your  clit ache in your panties. It makes
your cheeks flush with desire and shame."
   
"Pick up another clothespin, slut, and put it on the other nipple
just as before. Do it. I want to see your nasty little body squirm
with the pain and excitement."
 
Again, unable to resist his commanding voice she did as he
instructed. Her breathing was labored. The pain and the pleasure
were fusing. Her nipples looked so nasty that way. But her pussy
was wet. Dripping. The sexual  tension was becoming overwhelming.
She was unable to hold back the cries and moans of pleasure/pain.
 
"That's right, slave slut, cry for me. Moan, plead, and beg for me
to release you, to let you play with your nasty little pussy and
rub your clit until you come.  That's what you really want, isn't
it?  To give yourself a nice big cum right now. But you won't, will
you?  You won't touch your pussy until I tell you to. And I will,
slave, soon, but not yet.  Have you been wondering about the bowl
of ice slave? Its time to  put the ice to good use. Take a cube in
each hand and rub them over your nipples. That's right, right on
your hard little pinched  nipples. Feel the cold against your
burning flesh, melt the ice with your tits, slave girl. Feel the
cold water run down your  breasts to your belly as the ice melts.
Fire and ice, slave girl,  fire and ice."
 
The sensations were overwhelming her. The pain of the clips, the
cold of the ice. The water mixed with sweat and tears dripping off
of her breasts. She could not believe how excited this all made
her. She felt ready to cum and she hadn't even touched her pussy.
But she mustn't cum. She mustn't. Not until Master commands it, in
that warm liquid voice of his.
 
"Remove your panties, slave girl, and then return to the position.
Your panties are wet aren't they? Smell the wet spot, smell your
arousal. Now put your hands behind your neck again and look down
on your body, my body. Imagine what your friends would think if
they saw you now, nude, on your knees, alone in your bedroom,
nipples clipped, pussy open and wet, your clit poking out like a
dark red cherry, taking orders from a tape from a man you've never
met, but long to serve. You are my slave slut, aren't you. Oh nasty
girl, nasty slut. You've been so good. I thing its time for a
little more direct pleasure than that which comes with the pain.
Pick up the vibrator. You know the one. The black, cock  shaped
monster. Imagine its my cock. It is my cock for now. Kiss it. Just
the head. Now run your tongue around it. That's right, lick my cock
slave girl. Now suck it. Take it all the way to the back of your
throat, like the good little cocksucker you are. Your mouth is so
hot on my cock I may just cum in your mouth.  You'd like that too,
I know it. But that too will have to wait. Now that my cock is all
slicked up for you, take it down to your hot little pussy. Spread
your legs a bit more to make room. Good. Now run the head over your
labia, feel it stroking your tender flesh. Move it up and rub the
knob gently over your clit. That's right. Not too much now. If you
cum before I order it the punishment will be swift and severe. Now,
slowly, insert just the head into your pussy. That's it, just the
head. Now pump it in and out, slowly, feel it stretching your pussy
on every in stroke. Each stroke take more and more of my cock until
the head of it bumps your cervix."
   
She pumped the black cock in and out of her pussy, fucking herself
with it at his command. Her breathing shallower and  shallower as
she fucked herself with the black dildo. Her nipples were now numb
from the pins but her clit was on fire. She longed to rub her
fingers over her it, just for a moment, just long enough to take
her over the edge, but she couldn't do it. Not without  permission.
So she fucked herself and moaned, and cried and listened to his
sweet voice, the voice of her Master, strong and tender.
   
"Fuck yourself slave slut, fuck yourself with my cock. Feel it fill
you, stretch you. Feel it slide in and out between your slick pussy
lips as you fuck yourself thrust it deep now and hold it  there.
Good. Now reach down and turn on the switch, feel it vibrate deep
in your pussy. Feel the vibrations up through the wall of your
pussy to your clit. Feel it slut. Feel it. Good little slut, beg
me now slut, beg me to let you cum, beg me to let you rub your
nasty little pussy until you cum"
   
"Please Master, let your slave girl cum, let your naughty, nasty,
horny slave cum!" she begged, eyes closed, forgetting for the
moment that he was not with her.
 
"Oh I need it so" she whimpered.
 
"Alright slut, I will let you cum, but it will be my way, at my
command.  Take the index finger of your right hand and stroke your
clit lightly, softly, tease it, don't rub it. That's the way, make
your hips gyrate and buck trying to get more attention to the hard
little button, but don't give the attention just yet. Tease
yourself more now, a little harder but don't let yourself cum yet.
Harder now, run your finger round and round your hot little clit.
Feel the cock vibrating deep in your pussy. Feel the clips on your
nipples as they swell even more as you surge towards orgasm. Take
yourself right to the peak, and hold. Don't let yourself cum yet,
slave."
 
She was grinding her hips to her own rhythm now, as her finger flew
round and round on her clit. She heard his voice urging her on and
yet restraining her. She was wild with desire. She had to cum soon.
If he didn't let her cum now, she was sure she would pass out.
   
"Now slave, take your left hand and quickly remove the  clothespins
from your nipples. Feel the pain of the blood rushing back into
them, as the nerves come alive. Feel the rush of pain  from your
nipples straight to your clit. That's right, cum for me now, slave
girl, cum for me."
   
Her body arched at the pain brought on by the release of the
clothespins, and it vaulted her straight into orgasm. Her pussy
clutched at the black invader, her whole body was a trembling,
crying mass of pleasure. Her finger continued to work magic on her
clit, which quickly became the center of her entire existence. Her
hips pumped uncontrollably, her head thrashed from side to side,
her hair whipping back and forth with the force. It seemed like she
was lost in the mystery of orgasm. But gradually it started to
recede. She let out a guttural moan, then drew in a deep breath and
exhaled forcefully as the waves of orgasm started to subside. She
wasn't sure how much time had passed, but the next thing she
remembered was his voice.
   
"I'm pleased that you're still with me, slave girl. You have done
well today. You have earned the right to wear my collar. Pick it
up now, and place it around your neck, as a symbol of your devotion
to me. Wear it now, each night, and remember this evening, the
evening that you gave yourself over fully to your Master.  God
willing, I will be with you soon."
 
And the tape ended with a click. She rose quietly from the floor
and looked into the mirror. She didn't recognize the woman who
looked back. The wanton slave girl, naked but for a black leather
collar.
