	-THE TUTOR-
	       - part one-
		      by Ann Douglas


	"Hey Stevenson!"  Called out the booming  voice of Roger 
Craig, the Captain of the Football  Team.  "Heads up!"
	Scott Stevenson looked up to see a spinning  football hurling 
through the air, heading right for  him.  Dropping his books, 
the sandy haired teenager  attempted to catch the pigskin.  
Only to fall flat on  his face while running for it. Then to 
add injury to  insult, the ball hit him in the head as he laid 
there.
	"I told you Rog,"  Said Bill Mathews as he  picked up the ball 
off the grass.  "Never send a  dweeb to do a man's job."  
	Laughing and tossing the ball into the air,  Mathews 
immediately started walked back to the  practice field.
	"You ok, Scott?"  Roger asked as he helped  the smaller boy to 
his feet.  "You want to go see the  Nurse or anything?"
	"No, I'm fine." Scott said discouragingly as  he readjusted 
his glasses which had fallen off in the  fall.  "I thought I 
had it."
	"Hey no sweat,"  Roger said.  "We all can't  be jocks.  You're 
muscle is all in your brain. To tell  the truth, I'd trade the 
MVP award to get half your  grades." 
	"Yeh, right."  He answered as he picked up  his books.
	"Well, I better get back to the game," Roger  said as he 
turned and began to follow Bill. "You  hang in there."
	Scott just nodded.  All his life he wanted to  be an athlete, 
the center of attention.  The guy who  got the girls. Instead 
what he got was a hundred and  five pound body, nearsighted 
eyes, and a complexion  that on a bad day resembled a pizza.
	There was a plus side to his life.  His straight  A average 
made him the third ranked student in the  Senior Class at 
Robert Kennedy High School.  He  already had a full scholarship 
to MIT lined up with  all the perks that entailed.  Yet he'd 
trade it all just  to have someone look at him as something 
other  than a nerd, just once.
	Watching the Football Squad resume the  game, Scott figured he 
should've been nicer to  Roger.  Of course he had only been 
nice to him  because of all the help he'd given him in 
chemistry  the last semester.  If it weren't for his tutoring,  
Roger would've been kicked off the team.
	Quickly loosing interest in the game, he set  out once again 
for the Library.  Someone had left  him a note asking to meet 
him there to discuss the  possibility of his tutoring them in 
history.  The name  on the note had been all smudged, so he 
wasn't sure  who had left it in his locker.
	Reaching the steps of the Library, Scott  swore under his 
breath. This wasn't his day.  First  the Football Team, now 
them.  Sitting on the top  step were three members of the 
Kennedy
Rocketeers. Four time winners of the State  Cheerleading 
Championships, there was no more  stuck up group in the school. 
 If you were a hunk,  they might take the time to chat with 
you, even if  you weren't on the Football Squad.  Losers like  
Scott Stevenson, they just ignored like they were a  lower form 
of life.
	When he'd been a junior, he had  once
tutored one of  the girls before him.  Jenny Martin  was every 
young man's perfect fantasy.  Long  blonde hair, blue eyes, and 
an incredibly formed  perfect set of breasts.  She was a 5'4" 
Goddess.        
	After four grueling months of keeping her  one step ahead of a 
failing grade in calculus, the  Tutor had made a humiliating 
mistake.  He'd  accepted all the friendliness and interest 
she'd shown  him as real, real enough for him to get the 
courage  to ask her to the Junior Prom.  Worse he had asked  
her in the school cafeteria in front of a table of her  
friends, Rocketteers all.  Immediately she had burst  into 
laughter, asking how he could ever think she  would actually go 
on a date with a geek like him. The laughter was quickly picked 
up by her friends  and then from the surrounding tables.  It 
had been  one of the low point of his young life.
	Stopping at the edge of the last step, he took  a second look 
up at Jenny.  With her were Maria  Diaz and Candy Lewis.  Maria 
was from Puerto  Rico. She had beautiful brown skin and long 
black  hair.  Her figure was nowhere near as good as  Jenny's, 
but you couldn't convince her of that. 
	Standing with her back to him was Candy  Lewis.  One of the 
few back students at the school,  Candy had coal black skin and 
short black hair.  She  always wore bright red lipstick which 
gave her  mouth an incredible erotic look.  If Candy were to  
buy an ice pop, every guy in sight would stop what  they were 
doing to watch her eat it.  Over the last  year her breasts had 
undergone an unusual growth  spurt so that she was now about 
the same size as  Penny.  A fact that Penny preferred to 
ignore.
	Nice as they were to look at, he just couldn't  deal with 
their taunts today.  Whoever was waiting  for a tutor was out 
of luck.  With that he turned and  started to walk away.
	"There goes your old boyfriend, Penny." Maria joked as she saw 
Scott.
	"Fuck you!"  Penny said as she looked over  and saw Scott.  
"Maybe you'd let a freak like that  touch you, I'd sooner turn 
lesbo."
	Both girls laughed.  Candy suddenly excused  herself and 
jotted down the steps. 
	"I'll catch up with you later at practice."  She  called out 
as she disappeared into the small crowd.


	"Might as well head home."  Scott though to  myself.  "This 
day's shot to hell."
	He'd gone another ten feet when he'd heard  someone calling 
his name.  He stopped and turned,  but didn't see anyone who 
could've called.  Candy  Lewis was running across the quad but 
surely it  couldn't have been her.
	"Scott, wait up!"  Candy shouted.
	"What the hell does she want?"  Scott said to  himself.
	"I'm glad I caught up to you."  Candy said as  she skidded to 
a stop.  
	It took a few breaths for her to regain her  composure, giving 
time for Scott to watch as her  chest heaved in and out after 
her exertion.  Bitch she  might be, but she had great tits.
	"What can I do for you, Candy."  Scott  asked.
	"Didn't you get my note?"  The black girl  asked.  "When I saw 
you at the library I  thought......"
	"You sent that note?"  Scott asked, cutting  her off in 
mid-sentence.
	"Of course,  I wanted to talk to you about  helping me with 
the report for Mr. Grogan's class."  She said, flashing him a 
sexy smile.  "I'm on the  verge of failing history, and no 
history grade - no  graduation.  I'm not looking forward to 
spending my  summer in school buried in useless dates and 
boring  facts."
	"If you'd pay more attention, you'd find that  history is like 
a great adventure story."  Scott  retorted.  "It can be 
interesting and fun."
	"Yeh, right."  Candy said in a uninterested  tone.  "But the 
fact remains that I have to pass that  class.  What ever you 
get paid for tutoring, I'll  double it.  Just help me write 
that paper."
	"Help you?"  Scott said in a voice that said  he was getting 
quickly annoyed.  "Don't you mean  write it for you?"
	"Ok, triple then, and a hundred dollar bonus  if it gets me an 
A."  She said, sure that he'd accept.
	"No, thanks."  Scott answered to her dismay.
	"What.......?"  Candy sputtered.  "You're  turning me down?"
	"I've have my fill of tutoring Rocketeers." Scott said and 
started to turn away.  "There are  plenty of guys who'd bend 
over backward to help  you."  He added.
	"None of them can write a really great  history paper."  Candy 
exclaimed.
	"Well then I guess you're out of luck."  Scott  said in a 
voice that told he was now more than a  little annoyed.  
	"Wait!"  Candy cried as she grabbed his arm  and pulled him 
back.
	"Hey!" Scott cried back as he pulled his arm  back.  "Can't 
you Rocketteers take no for an answer,  you certainly can give 
it as one fast enough."
	The young man couldn't remember the last  time he was this 
angry.  Not taking the time to think  about what he was saying, 
he lashed out in anger.
	"I wouldn't write that paper for you if you  offered to drop 
down right here and spread your  legs for me."  He barked.
	Candy didn't immediately react.  In the few  seconds of 
silence that passed, Scott thought about  his angry words and 
felt suddenly guilty. Candy  really hadn't ever done anything 
directly to him.  She  hadn't even been at that lunch table 
last year.  He'd  taken his rage at Penny and the Rocketeers in 
 general out on her for no reason.  He was about to  apologize 
when Candy finally spoke.  
	"All right."  She said.
	"What?"  Scott said, sure he had heard her  wrong.
	"I said all right."  Candy repeated. "If that's  what it 
takes, it'll be worth it to get out of summer  school."
	Scott stood dumbfounded, he couldn't
believe what he'd heard. One of the most desirable  girls in 
the school had offered to fuck him in  exchange for a lousy 
history paper.  A paper he  could write in an hour.  He found 
his heart racing  and his dick getting hard at the thought.
	"Who knows, might be fun popping a guy's  cherry?"  Candy 
remarked. "I never did that before."
	"I'm not a virgin!" Scott shot back.  
	"Well, I guess that doesn't really matter."  Candy said. "So, 
do we have a deal?"
	Scott thought about it real hard.  The press  of his hard cock 
against his jeans made it hard to  think logically.  He kept 
looking at those bright red  lips.  What would it feel like to 
have them wrapped  around his dick.
	It was true he wasn't a virgin.  Yet the fifteen  minutes he'd 
spend with Judy Anders last spring  hadn't been all that 
memorable.  He'd spent about ten  minutes playing with her 
small breasts before putting  his cock  in her, missionary 
style.  Five minutes later  it was all over.  She seemed rather 
bored through it  all and when he'd tried to get a blowjob out 
of her,  she'd called him a pervert.  
	"Well do we have a deal or not?"  Candy  repeated.
	Scott was about to say yes, captivated by  those big lips and 
what they could do.  Then he  remembered how he had been 
tricked before.  How  Penny had been so nice and sweet to him, 
then  turned back into super-bitch the minute her exam  was 
over.
	"On one condition..."  He answered.
	"Condition...?"  Candy asked.
	"That's right."  Scott said as he took a deep  breath.  "I'll 
write the paper, in fact I can have it for  you by tomorrow so 
you can rewrite it in anyway  you want.  But it comes prepaid.  
Not COD, not  charged.  You'll  get your passing grade in 
history, but I'm not going to guarantee an A paper.  That's  
going to depend on the grade I give you."
	Candy thought about it for a few minutes. It  was obvious to 
Scott that she had hoped that she  would  somehow be able to 
trick him out of the  paper.  Now it was take it or leave it.
	"I guess I don't have a lot of choices." Candy said in 
surrender.  "But this has to be  between you and me.  I don't 
want anyone to ever  know about it."
	"Hey who'd believe me?"  Scott said with a  smile.  For the 
first time today he felt like a winner.
	They quickly discussed details and it was  agreed the sooner 
the better.  Scott's parents were  going to be away for the 
weekend, so Saturday night  would be perfect.  Scott could 
hardly wait. 
	As Candy walked away, Scott's blue eyes  were riveted on that 
round black ass as it swayed  from side to side.   A quick 
calculation told him that in just under 52 hrs and ten minutes, 
that black tail  would be his.


	-THE TUTOR-
	   - part two-
	    by Ann Douglas



	Scott slept late on Saturday, not crawling
out of bed until noon.  He'd stayed up late thinking
about tonight.  What he would do.  How nice it was
going to feel.  First he wanted to have her wrap
those hot lips around his cock.  He wanted to cum
just thinking about it.  He tried to imagine what her
pussy looked like, he bet it was real tight, like a
closed fist.  Most of all he wanted to play with that
pretty round ass.  Scott started to wonder if he
could get her to let him fuck her in it.  Three days
ago the 17 yr old was happy just to jerk off two or
three times a day.  Now he was anticipating his first
blow job and whether he would be able to  fuck one
of the most popular girls in the school up her ass.   

	
	Full of expectation, the day passed
exceedingly slow.  Scott quickly produced four
separate versions of the history report.  Actually all
he had to do was print out the three drafts and then
the final copy of a report he'd done last year but
never turned in. Halfway into the term he'd become
interested in the Civil War and decided to do a new
report on the Battle of Gettysburg and how the
South could've won the war.  So he just socked the
old project away on his hard drive in case he ever
needed it. 
	About six he made himself some dinner, but
found he was horny, not hungry. All day long he'd
been fighting the temptation to masturbate. Wait
until you can do it in Candy's mouth he kept telling
himself.  At seven he headed for the shower, Candy
was due at eight.
	By quarter to, he was showered, dressed and
ready.  He'd borrowed his dad's cologne, deciding
his own smelled like something a boy with wear.
He'd shaved carefully, wishing again his beard would
grow.  Peach fuzz was humiliating, but it was all he
had.  
	Finally the grandfather clock in the hallway
chimed eight and Scott's heart began to triphammer.
Racing downstairs, he seated himself in the big
lounge chair in the hallway, so he'd be ready when
the doorbell rang.
	Eight O'clock turned to a quarter after. Then
to eight-thirty.  Scott had become convinced that
he'd been the victim of a another cruel Rocketeer
joke.  Was Candy off with her friends somewhere,
laughing at the poor smuck who really thought she'd
trade her black ass for a lousy history paper.  
	"I am an asshole!" Scott said to himself as
the clock neared quarter to nine.  
	Rising from the chair, he was about to head
back upstairs when the doorbell rang.
	Hesitantly he reached for the knob.  Was this
all part of the joke.  Were they all waiting outside to
watch him make a fool of himself.  If so they were
going to be disappointed.
	

	Flinging the door open, Scott was taken
aback by the image of Candy standing there.  Her
short black hair had been curled into a cute perm. Of
course she was wearing her trademark red lipstick. 
The dress she was wearing, or not wearing
depending on your perspective, was as fiery red as
her lipstick.  Very low cut, giving Scott an ample
view of her breasts, the hem stopped just a few
inches below her crotch, giving an equally great
view of her long dark legs.
	"Are you going to invite me in, or do you
plan to do it right out here on the porch?"  She said
in a deep sultry voice.
	"Excuse me, can I help you?"  Scott asked,
feigning ignorance.  "Let then get their laughs
somewhere else."  He thought.
	"What kind of shit is this?"  Candy snapped.
"Are you going back on our deal?"
	"Deal?  What deal?"  Scott asked in the same
ignorance.
	"I don't believe this, I'm a little late and you
want to throw the whole fucking thing out the
window!"  Candy stamped.  "You know how long I
spent to look like this?"
	"I have to admit, the effect is really
devastating."  Scott said as he tried to speak in a
calm unemotional tone.  Ignoring the fact that he
couldn't keep his eye off her tightly bound tits. "But
I'm afraid you and your friends have the wrong
address, and definitely the wrong person."
	"Wrong address...?"  Candy repeated, "What
friends?"
	Then it dawned on Candy that Scott thought
he had been set up.  Given some of the jokes the
Rocketeers have played on people, Scott included,
she guessed she couldn't blame him.
	"Well I guess I'll have to convince you that
this isn't a joke."  Candy said.
	With that she dropped to her knees in the
open doorway and pulled down the zipper of Scott's
pants.  Pulling the pants open, she reached into his
underwear and pulled out his semi-erect cock.  It
had all happened so fast, Scott hadn't had time to
react.
	Scott opened his mouth to say something but
was suddenly engulfed in a wonderful warm wetness
as Candy popped his cock into her eager waiting
mouth.
	"Oh God."  Scott gasped as he felt the soft
touch of her tongue run beneath the crown of his
manhood.
	Candy pulled down his open pants and ran
her long red fingernails across the base of his ball-
sac.  Then her open mouth and tongue followed,
leaving a trail of warm saliva in it's wake.  
	Scott's cock quickly grew to rock hardness
as he looked down and watched those bright red lips
move up and down his member.  He'd never felt
anything like it.  A giddy dizziness filled his head as
he felt the blood rush down through his body.  He
kept telling himself, this wasn't any wet dream, this
was real.
	Candy's head bobbed up and down as she
took Scott's 7" deep into her throat.  Her now ex-
boyfriend,  Terry, one of the stars of the Football
team had a  8 1/2" cock, so Scott presented no
difficulty.  Surprisingly it felt kind of nice.  Funny,
she never thought a smaller cock could have it's
advantages too.  A drop of pre-cum had already
formed on the tip and she licked it off with a flick of
her darting tongue.  Not bad tasting for a dweeb, she
thought.
	Placing his hands on the back of Candy's
head like he'd once seen in a adult video, Scott
began to pump his pelvis and match the dark
woman's tempo.  Faster and faster he began to thrust
as he could feel the swell of cum rising from his
balls.  Candy could feel it too as she tightened her
grip on the base of his cock and drew it further into
her mouth.  A small splash of salty fluid on the back
of her tongue herald the flood as she began to slide
her ruby lips from the pale white pole.
	Opening her mouth wide, Candy caught the
first bursts of white on her tongue.  Then she let it
splatter across her face, the tiny droplets standing
out against her midnight skin.  Continuing to pump
the erupting cock with her hand, she filled her mouth
and cheeks until small milky lines ran down her chin.
	Finally spent, she ran her cum covered hand
up and down the now softening cock one final time. 
She looked up at Scott with her cum covered face
and smiled widely.
	"Don't you think you should shut the door?" 
She asked.


	A few minutes later, the door safety closed
and locked, Candy stood in front of Scott, wiping
her face with a wet washcloth.
	"Well Mr. Tutor."  She said as she wiped the
last traces of white from her face.  "How would you
rate my performance?"
	"Well......."  Scott said, still in a state of
mini-rapture.  "I would definitely say you jumped
right to the C grade, minimum passing. But your
tardiness drops it down to a D."
	"Looks like I've got my work cut for me
them."  Candy said as she pulled Scott's shirt and
drew him closer.
	The kiss she planted on his lips was intense
from the outset.  As he felt her moist  tongue slip
into his mouth, Scott could help think of the time his
cousin Kathy had done them to him when they were
both twelve.  But Kathy had been a flat chested
tomboy, nothing like the ebony beauty who now had
her hand back on his cock and balls.
	
	
	"Sit down."  She said as she pushed him into
one of the living room's soft padded chairs.
	Taking a few steps back, she flipped open
the small door of the bookcase stereo and slipped a
tape cassette inside.  Hitting the play button, the
room filled with a erotic melody.        
	Candy began to gyrate to the music, running
her hands up and down her body.  She reached up
behind her neck and undid the clip of her dress.  The
soft red material fell forward, releasing her bountiful
bosom.
	Gripping a breast with each hand, Candy
continued to dance, playing with her nipples as she
moved.  Scott stared at the large dark circles atop
each mound, his mouth watering at the thought of
the erect nipples sticking out from them.
	He reached out to touch one as Candy
swung close but came up empty handed when she
pulled away.
	"Not yet, lover boy."  She purred
seductively.
	Turning around, she shook her booty as she
wiggled out of the reminder of the dress.  It dropped
to the floor and she stepped out of it.  Then Candy
leaned forward and  shook her naked backside in the
free air.  Pulling back on each cheek, she have Scott
his first good look at both the pussy and asshole he
had fantasized about earlier in the day.
	Leaning with her back against the wall,
Candy spread her legs and began to run her long
dark fingers across the neatly trimmed bush
surrounding her womanhood.  Extending her index
finger, she ran it up and down the length of her
opening, pressing it deeper with each pass.
	"Strip,"  She told him as she continued to rub
herself.  "Get rid of the rest of those clothes."
	Never taking his eyes off her roving hands,
Scott pulled off his shirt and pants, dropping them
on the floor next to the chair.
	Candy had now worked her finger deep
within herself.  Buried its entire length, her index
finger slowly slid in and out.  A transparent film of
lubricant quickly covered the digit as Candy let out a
soft moan.  Scott was transfixed as she now moved
her finger in and out as fast as she could.  After a
few minutes she closed her eyes and let out a longer,
louder moan.
	Withdrawing her now shiny finger, she
brought it up to her mouth and ran her tongue along
the length of it.  Then she slid the whole finger
between her lips and sucked it clean, very, very
slowly.

	"How'm I doing now, Mr. Tutor Man?"  She
cooed.   
	"Definitely back up to C+."  Scott panted,
his cock now standing straight up.
	"Hmmm, you know, you were right."  She
said as she took short, sexy steps toward him.  "It is
exciting to watch yourself improve your abilities.  I
feel so much better now that I'm back to a passing
grade.  So much hotter...."  She continued as she
straddled the chair and  lowered herself onto Scott's
lap, until they were in a face to face position.
	The feel of Candy's naked ass pressed against
his cock was almost more than Scott could stand. 
With each wiggle of her bottom, he felt himself
grow ever harder.  He wanted to cum so much right
now it hurt.
	"You have to pace yourself, lover."  Candy
whispered in his ear as she ran her tongue along it's
inner wall.  "We still have a long way to go to get to
that A."
	Cupping one of her breasts, Candy lifted it
up to Scott's face.  She took a firm grip and guided
the nipple into his mouth.  Like a baby, Scott
immediately began to suck on the nipple, running his
tongue around the dark circle.  The skin was
rougher than Judy Ander's had been, but  much
firmer.  Candy brought her other breast within reach
and Scott alternated from nipple to nipple.  Then he
would bury his face between them as Candy pulled
him close.  
	As he withdrew from between the twin
globes of chocolate delight, Candy kissed him again. 
Softly, repeatedly, covering his face as she pressed
her ass down hard against his cock.
	"As the baker man says,"  She laughed softly. 
"It's time to make the donuts."


	-THE TUTOR-
	   - part three-
	    by Ann Douglas

	Lifting her ass off his lap, Candy reached
down and took hold of his throbbing cock.  With a
practiced ease, she positioned it at the entrance of
her sugar walls.  Then, gently, oh so slowly, she
lowered her self onto Scott and him into her.  Scott
wanted to cry with delight as the slippery pink walls
of Candy's tunnel wrapped around his probing
manhood.  He could feel the blood running up and
down his member as Candy began a leisurely rise
and fall, alternating the pressure against it.  As she
soon began to pick up the pace, small ripples of
gratification began to radiate from her sexual center.  
As the minutes passed, the ripples became waves,
and her rhythm increased even more.
	"Not bad for a white boy..."  She smiled as
she paused in her motions just long enough to kiss
him again.  "Think we can skip over that B and go
right to an A?"
	"I'm not really in a position to argue...." 
Scott replied as he gripped her dark breasts and
played with them as she bounced.
	"Oh yeh,"  Candy moaned, "This is real
nice."  
	Scott was too wrapped up in the building
eruption in his balls to answer.  He knew that it
would only be another or minute or two.
	"Oh yeh, baby,"  Candy shouted. "Give me
that pretty white cock!  Fuck my black ass!"
	As the mention of her black ass, Scott's eyes
lit up. It was only a moment, but it was enough for
Candy to notice.
	"Scott Stevenson, you horny little boy!" 
Candy laughed as she suddenly stopped in mid-
stroke.  "I'd have never have thought that of you."
	"What's the matter?"  Scott asked as he
realized she had stopped.
	Candy didn't answer, she pulled herself off
him and ran out of the room.  
	"I'll be right back."  She called as she ran
naked out of the room.
	"I can't believe it!"  Scott said to himself as
felt the rising in his loins suddenly drop below the
level of eruption.  "Now. she has to go to the
bathroom!"
	
	Candy returned a few minutes later, a small
glass jar in his hand.  Scott wasn't sure what it was,
but it had obviously come out of the medicine chest.
	"This'll only take a second."  She said as she
scooped a large glob of Vaseline out of the jar and
smeared it all over his still erect cock.  Then she
rubbed what was left over and into her asshole.
	"You know, we already got to the A,
Scott..."  She said as she assumed a doggie position
across the arm of the couch and spread her ass
cheeks.  "So I guess we're going to have to chalk
this up as extra credit."
	Scott laughed as he took hold of her ass and
positioned the head of his cock against her puckered
entrance.  Between the Vaseline and the heavy
coating of girlcream, his cock side in easily. Moving
slowing at first, he eased in until his balls slapped
against her butt.  Then he just as slowly eased back,
letting his cock spread the lubricant within her.  
	"How bout that,"  Scott laughed, "All those
sexual instruction books I read have finally paid off."
	After the third reentry, he began to move
faster, enjoying the tightness against his cock.
	Candy began to pant as his penetrating cock
filled her ass again and again.  What had possessed
her to try a cock up her ass again. The other two
times she had tried it she was sore and bleeding for a
week.  Yet this time it felt astonishingly pleasant. 
Was it Scott's smaller cock, or just that he seemed to
know what he was doing - or both.  After a few
more minutes, she no longer cared.  All she knew
was that it felt  good......real good!
	"Fuck me!"  She screamed.  "Fuck my black
ass.  Give me your cock!"
	Scott needed no further urging, it was his
ultimate fantasy.  With a tight grip on her hips, he
drive his cock deeper and deeper into her tiny hole. 
He couldn't believe how tight it felt.  Or how good.
	"I'm gonna cum!"  He panted as he tried to
quicken his pace.
	Candy, who  had begun frantically rubbing
her clit a little while before, knew she was almost at
a climax herself.  Scott yelled in excitement as he felt
the hot stream leap from within his cock and fill her
ass.  He continued to pump away beyond his last
drop, giving her to time to catch up.
	With her ass still tightly wrapped around
Scott's cock, Candy's orgasm was explosive.  She
screamed so loud that Scott feared the neighbor
would hear and call the police. He reached beneath
her and cupped each of her breasts.  Lifting her
upward until his mouth could reach hers, he kissed
her deeply.  He continued to hold tight against her,
pinning their sweat covered bodies against the wall. 
Even after his cock softened and slipped free of her
ass, he held her, not wanting to let go.  
	"I never knew you could learn so much from
books...."  Candy finally said.
	They both broke into uncontrollable
laughter. 


  
--Epilogue--


	The rest of the weekend passed uneventfully.
Scott though of Candy constantly.  The night hadn't
gone as he thought it would, but it had been fun.  It
was a pity that come Monday morning the world
would be back to normal.  Candy would be back
with the Rocketeers where she belonged and he
would once again be King of the Nerds.  But he had
promised never to tell a soul what had happened. 
And as he has told Candy, who would believe him if
he did?


	"Hey Scott, got a minute."  Roger Craig
called as he ran up to Scott.
	"What can I do you, Rog?"  Scott said
cheerfully.
	"Well I see your in a better mood today." 
Roger observed.  "You must've had a read good
weekend."
	"I just did some tutoring,"  Scott said with a
smile, "Actually learned a few things myself."
	"That's great, Scott.  Actually it was tutoring
that I wanted to talk to you about.  I really hate to
ask, but I was wondering if you could give me a
hand with the physics final.  I'm having a few
problems."
	"You know, Rog,"  Scott said. "I never
really took the time to appreciate what a straight up
guy you've always  been.  How you've always gone
out of the way to boost my ego.  Well now maybe
its time for me to pay you back a little. Besides,
tutoring is what I do best.  Brain-Jock, that's me!"
	"Great!"  Roger said.  "I'll walk you to your
next class, we'll work out the details."



Epilogue II

	Roger and Chris had just passed the
Administration building when the Football Captain
noticed three familiar forms bearing down on them.
	"Heads up, Brain-Jock"  He said,
"Rocketeers at two o'clock."
	Scott turned to see Penny, Maria, and Candy
walking into the quad.  Each wore the bright yellow
cheerleader's jackets, their names over their left
breasts.  His heart began to race as he looked at
Candy. She gave him no sign of recognition, as if
Saturday had never happened. 
	"Maybe it really didn't."  Scott said to
himself as the trio came up to them.  "Maybe I
imagined it all."
	
	"Hanging out with the dweeb now, Roger?" 
Penny said as she gave Scott a sour look.  "I used to
think a lot better of you."
	"Maybe if you'd stop and really looked at
who a person is and not where they stand in your
social order, you'd have a lot more friends, Penny." 
Scott replied.
	"I have all the friends I need, especially if
their the right friends..."  Penny grinned. " Right
girls?"  
	"Absolutely!"  Chimed in Maria.
	Penny took a few steps then realized that
Candy hadn't followed her and Maria.
	"Is there a problem, Candy?"  She asked as
she turned around.
	Candy looked at Penny and Maria, then back
at Scott.  The back to Penny.  
	"Scott?"  She said as she walked up to him.
	"Yes?" He said unemotionally, determined to
honor his word.
	"I was wondering......"  She began.  "Now
that we've taken care of my history class, do you
think that maybe you could tutor me in any other
subjects?"
	Penny stood there open mouthed. She
couldn't believe her friend could have anything to do
with this dork, even something like tutoring.
	"You want me to....."  He stuttered.  "But I
thought you said......"
	Scott didn't have a chance to finish.  Candy
grabbed his tie and pulled him to her in one quick
motion.  
	"Lover, sometimes you think too much....." 
Candy said with a broad smile as she pulled him
closer and planted a long, deep soul kiss on him.
	Maria dropped her books in shock.  She
turned to say something to Penny and was started
not to see the girl who was next to her only a second
before.
	It took her a moment to realize she was
looking in the wrong direction.  Penny had fainted
and was laying by her feet. 
	Candy and Scott still didn't notice the girl
sprawled - they were still kissing...and kissing.... and
kissing.....


END   
