                              The Visit


        When Karen was seated on the sofa with her blouse draped loosely over
her shoulders her mother returned to the kitchen to mop up the mess they
had made. Janet was glad to have these few moments to herself to think
about what had just happened.

        Janet had been taken completely by surprise by the turn of
events. At the moment she was feeling a mixture of guilt and arousal
at the thought that she had inadvertantly managed to not only turn
her daughter on sexually, but had also aided her in bringing her
to orgasm. The fact that she was equally at home sexually with both
men and women had no bearing on the situation.  Karen was her
daughter! And that made it incest, what they had just done.
Nonetherless, Janet was still aroused by the incident.

        As she bent down with a rag in one hand to soak up the mess
on the floor, the feel of her daughter's turgid, squirting
nipple in her mouth and her heavy breast in her hand continued to
excite her in spite of the fact that she knew it was taboo. Swiping
purposefully with the cloth at the wet floor she reached up with
her free hand and grasped her own erect nipple through the fabric
of her blouse and gave it a hard twist. This send an electric bolt
directly to her already swollen clitoris.

        God, I'd just love for her to return the favor right now,
Janet wished, against her will.  If there were only some way I
could continue this without feeling guilty I would. But Janet was
at a loss as to how to approach the subject with her daughter
without possibly risking the loss of their mutual sense of trust,
respect and emotional well-being. On the other hand, she also didn't
understand what had gotten into her daughter; it was so uncharacteristic
of her.  She had always thought Karen was a real straight arrow
when it came to matters as personal as these. She had never once
considered Karen from a sexual point of view. It was clear to her,
however, that she was going to have to do something for herself;
she was so turned on that she couldn't even think straight and
needed relief.

        Common sense prevailing, it occured to Janet that probably
the best thing to do right now would be to make sure her
daughter was OK and reassure her in case she had any misgivings
about their recent contact. Then they could agree to put the incident
behind them and get on with it. She would then simply excuse herself
and go upstairs and masturbate and hope that would relieve the
tremendous arousal she was feeling.

        Feeling a sense of ease at finally having arrived at what
she considered the right course of action to take, Janet finished the
cleanup and got herself in mental and physical order. She then went
back to the living room fully intending to make the situation
comfortable for both of them. After all, they would both be
seeing a lot of each other for the next few months until Karen's
husband returned. At least that was the plan.

        Karen was still seated on the couch leaning back with her
eyes closed.  Sensing her mother's presence, she opened them and
said, "Mother, I want to apologize. I really don't know what got
into me. I'm really so embarrassed, really I am."

        Janet's heart went out to her daughter and as she sat down
on the love seat opposite Karen she said, "Dear, it's perfectly
alright. There's nothing to be embarrassed about. You're a healthy
young woman whose husband has been away for some time and your body
probably just responded to the lack of normal activity.  I don't
want you to give it another thought." It was then that Janet's eyes
settled on Karen's carelessly open blouse, which was simply draped
over her shoulders. The blouse was open enough so that parts of
both her large areolae were visible. For some reason Janet found
herself fascinated with her daughter's breasts and just sat staring
at them wondering what the attraction was.

        Noticing her mother's distraction Karen inquired, "I hope you're OK,
mother. You're not mad at me are you?"

        Returning her attention to Karen, Janet answered, "Of course, I'm
not
mad at you. How could I be?!" And then, without thinking Janet just
blurted out, "OK? Am I OK! No, goddamnit, I'm not OK! I'm horny as hell.
It's been ages since I had any sex and I'm ready to burst. I'm afraid
that what happened in the kitchen just now has really got me going."

        "Oh, mother, I'm so sorry - really I am. I'd do anything if I could
just take that back. I didn't mean to hurt you or upset you. Honest."

        Seeing Karen's sincere concern for her softened Janet and she
replied,
"It's OK dear, it's not your fault and you don't really have anything
much to do with it. It's my problem - not yours."

        "I know, but I feel somehow responsible."

        "Well, you aren't dear. It's just that I'm human, too, and not
immune
to getting aroused by sexual situations - even someone else's."

        At this point Karen, wanting to help but not knowing how,
said, "Mother, don't you ever masturbate?"

        "Masturbate? Of course I do, darling. In fact, I prefer
that these days to screwing, what with all the diseases going around."

        "Well, wouldn't it help right now? I mean, if you masturbated?"

        "Oh, Karen, I'm sick of doing it by myself. It'd be nice
to have someone else around, even if just to watch, but
I'm afraid that being away from home has temporarily removed that
possibility."

        Karen couldn't believe her ears. She sensed that here might
be an opportunity to become involved sexually with her mother, at
least in an indirect way.  Actually, a safer way than she had
thought of. With her heart pounding in her ears she looked over at
her mother and said softly, "I'm here, mother."

        When Janet looked quizically at her daughter without
speaking, Karen repeated, "I said, I'm here - if that would help."

        Janet just looked at her daughter and said, "I'm sorry dear, I don't
quite understand exactly what you mean."

        "Just what I said, mother. I'm here." Karen was starting to get
nervous about having to repeat herself over and over again and was afraid
that her mother would make her have to spell out exactly what she was
getting at. She would really prefer it if her mother would get the hint
and make some kind of overture.

        "I know you're here, Karen, and I appreciate it very much," was all
Janet said.

        Becoming a little exasperated and trying not to sound impatient,
Karen
tried once more. "Well, that's not exactly what I was getting at mother."

        "What then, dear?"

        "What I mean then is, that I'm here. If you just want to be with
someone while you masturbate and you think it would help, well, then I'm
here. OK?"

        Janet couln't have hoped for anything more. But now the battle began
anew. Should she continue by taking advantage of her daughter's offer or
do what she felt was morally right and refuse the offer. Not being able
to overcome her libido she finally replied non-commitally, "That's very
kind of you, Karen."

        "I mean it, mother. I wouldn't mind if you wanted to masturbate in
front of me."

        "Really?" Janet queried.

        "Really. In fact, to be honest, I'd love to watch you do it to
yourself. It'd probably relieve me of feeling bad about having gotten you
in this state in the first place."

        "Oh, Karen, I'd hate to impose on you in this way . . ." and she let
it trail off there, hoping beyond hope, and not knowing Karen felt the
same way, that her daughter wouldn't get frightened and change her mind.

        "You wouldn't be imposing, mother. Honestly, it's alright." And now
Karen was afraid her mother would get cold feet and back out of the
direction this was heading. While this was occuring to her she became
aware of just how badly she wanted to have sex with her mother and made
the instant decision that she would do whatever it took to make sure it
would happen. She was now beyond caring about morals or anything else,
for that matter. She just wanted it to happen.

        Being at a loss for anything to say which she felt could
grease the skids of the situation she came up with an idea and said
to her mother, "In fact, if it would help, I have a vibrating dildo
upstairs that Richard gave me a while back for when he was gone
and I'd be glad to get it for you if you want to use it."

        When her mother looked at her and started to smile, the humor of the
situation struck both of them simultaneously and they both started to
chuckle.

        "That's kind of a real personal thing, dear. Are you sure you
wouldn't
mind me using it?"

        "Are you kidding," Karen retorted, "my tits are kind of my personal
things, too, and you just got done sucking on THEM!"

        Suddenly, Janet got smolderingly serious and looking piercingly at
her
daughter said, "Did it feel good, Karen. Did you like the way I sucked
your nipple, huh?"

        The statement shot right down to Karen's cunt and she could feel
herself starting to secrete again at the thought of her mother sucking on
her breast.

        Still, the slight sarcasm came out in her next statement,
"You didn't happen to notice, by chance, that sucking on my nipple
made me come, did you?" And then Karen instantly regretted the
remark, but saw that her mother had taken it lightly. For lack of
anything better at the moment and to hide her mounting anxiety over
her renewed arousal and embarrassment Karen told her mother that
she would get the dildo and proceded to rise and go upstairs.

        When she came back down a few moments later with the black
object in her hand, it appeared that Janet was still in
the same position in the love seat until she saw that her mother
had one hand inserted in the waistband of her shorts. Confident
now that things would continue, she felt she could risk another
jocular remark so she said, "What's the matter, mother. Are you so
horny you just couldn't wait for me to return?" Janet didn't answer,
but just smiled.

        Rather than go over to her mother with the dildo, Karen
decided to just sit and watch so she lowered herself once
again to her previous position on the couch across from her mother
and laid the instrument on the cushion beside her. The silence grew
quickly heavy as Karen watched her mother remove her hand and start
to unbutton her shorts. Using both hands she pushed them and her
panties down around her ankles and kicked them aside. Then she
scooted herself forward to the edge of the loveseat and sat upright
while spreading her legs.  Karen now had a perfect view of her
mother's pussy and was amazed at the mass of thick, long hair that
covered her triangle. She wondered briefly why she herself didn't
have nearly that much hair.

        When she was in position, Janet looked over at Karen and
asked, "Are you sure this is OK, dear. I mean . . . oh, hell . .
." and she lowered her left hand to her groin and slowly started
to explore herself with her index finger, probing into the mass of
beautiful hair.

        Karen was entranced watching her mother, whose head was
bent down as she gently caressed herself. Karen was becoming
increasinly aroused herself, but she didn't move or say anything
for fear of terminally interrupting the situation.

        Without looking up Janet moaned, "Oh, god, this feels good. So good.

        "Do you ever do it like this, dear - sitting up? This is my favorite
position. I cum better this way than any other." It was already evident
to Karen that her mother's breathing was getting more rapid.

        Ever so softly Karen answered, "Yes - lots of times. I like to do it
sitting on the toilet seat, just like that. Especially after I've
douched. I seem to cum better that way, too."

        Janet then slowly raised her head and looking at her daughter asked,
"Dear, I know this may shock you, but would you do me a favor and open
your blouse so I can look at your breasts again?"

        "I'm not shocked at all, mother," Karen responded as she pulled the
sides of her blouse open and shrugged out of it leaving herself
bare to the waist and completely open to her mother's view.

        "Oh, Karen, you have such beautiful big breasts. I'd kill to have
those, I would."

        "Do you like them, mother? Do they turn you on?" Karen
asked coyly being aware that she was now being somewhat of a tease.

        "Yes, they turn me on. How do you think I got this way this
morning?"

        "You mean you actually enjoyed it when I asked you to suck them?"

        "Of course I enjoyed it, silly. I wouldn't have done it otherwise,
would I? And judging by your violent reaction you enjoyed it too. You
really like to have your breasts sucked, don't you?"

        "Yes, I do," sighed Karen, her own breathing starting to get more
rapid.

        Janet's hand was now moving in a regular manner as she manipulated
her
first two fingers between her thick cunt lips, moving them in a circular
way around her clitoris which was bathed in juice from her excitement. As
her arousal mounted she felt her usual tendency toward earthy language
and asked her daughter, "Has another woman ever sucked your breasts,
darling?"

        Without hesitation Karen answered, "No, mother, you're the
first woman to have ever sucked on my breasts - I'm not gay." Then
thinking about it she added, "Wait, that's if you don't count me
myself."

        "Huh? You mean to tell me that you can suck your own
breasts?" Janet asked, incredulously.

        "My turn to shock you, right. Of course. I do it all the
time when I jerk off. I've been doing it for years, mother. Actually,
that's one reason I think my nipples are so abnormally big." And
then it occured to her that her mother was small breasted enough
that it wouldn't be possible for her to do it and she felt a little
bit ashamed at having been so brazen in her attitude.

        "Oh, god, that's really sexy. Would you mind showing me,
dear, how you do it, would you? I'd just love to see you do it to
yourself."

        "No, I don't mind." Karen moved her hand up and cupped her right
breast in her palm. Lowering her head and chin she pushed up with her
hand, stuck out her tongue and began laving the upper curve of her
swollen tit, making it slick with her saliva.

        "Can you get your nipple in your mouth, Karen," Janet queried in a
low
voice that came out almost as a croak.

        "Uh, huh," Karen mumbled as she placed her thumb on top of
her breast and started to angle the distended nipple toward her
mouth. This motion had the startling effect of causing a stream of
milk to eject from the pressured nipple before she could get it to
her mouth squirting over her entire face and right into her eye.

        "Oh, shit," she exclaimed loudly, and using her free hand grabbed
the
blouse behind her and swabbed at her wet face. "Hmmm, that tastes good.
Let's try that again." Once more she turned her nipple to her mouth, but
at an angle and managed to clamp her mouth over it before milk got all
over.

        "Oh, jeez, Karen - that's so sexy - watching you do that." Janet had
now paused in her ministrations and just sat looking as her daughter fed
herself her breast, sucking hungrily at the nipple. She was still awed by
the fact that Karen was going along with this and comsumed by the intense
eroticism brought forth for her by the pervertedness of being sexual with
her own child. Libido had finally conquered her shame, she mused.

        Although her head was bent, Karen moved her eyes to look at her
mother
and seeing that had stopped playing with herself raised her head and
asked, "Did you cum already, mother?"

        "Not quite, dear. And I don't want to, yet. That's why I
stopped. I'm so sensitive now just watching you that if I touch
myself again I'll shoot off immediately and I don't want this to
end."

        "I don't either, mom." Karen said, but before Karen could
resume nursing herself her mother said, "Dear, could I ask you to
come over here and suck on my nipple? Would you mind?"

        "Oh, mother, really. Would you let me do that?"

        "I want you to do it, darling." And Karen let go of her
own breast and slid to the floor and waddled on her knees to where
her mother sat on the edge of the love seat. As she approaced,
Janet began unbuttoning her blouse rapidly. By the time Karen was
positioned in front of her the blouse was undone and off.  Except
for her tennis shoes and sox, Janet now sat naked in front of
her daughter who was looking at the marvelous breasts and nipples
she had so often fantasized about. Karen was also now aware of the
strong, musky scent of her mother's cunt and found the aroma exciting
even though it seemed to her to differ from her own scent of arousal.

        Concentrating now on the swollen nipple not inches from
her mouth, Karen put her hands on the edge of the cushions on either
side of her mother's naked thighs and, leaning forward, stuck out
her tongue. Janet reached up with a hand and cupped her breast and
squeezing, pushed it out toward her daughter's waiting mouth.  She
softly moved her other hand to the back of Karen's head and gently
pulled it towards her. Karen's wet tongue finally came into contact
with the erect nipple and she resisted any further movement as she
lazily ran her tongue over and around the turgid flesh and then in
wider circles, wetting the areola with her saliva. When her mother's
breast tip was literally dripping Karen then closed her pouty lips
over the nipple and began to rapidly move her tongue sideways over
the hard, thick appendage sticking halfway to her throat.

        When she heard her mother moan, Karen then opened her mouth
as wide as possible and took as much of the breast in as
she could. When she looked down she was amazed to see that she
hadn't been able to get the entire areola into her mouth.

        "Oh, Christ, Karen - you're a natural tit sucker. That feels so
delicious, don't ever stop."

        Karen's head was swimming. She couldn't believe she was
now sucking on her own mother's nipple and feeling her shake in
the throes of passion. She realized now that this is something she
had always wanted to do - from the very night she had seen her
mother with that other woman. The air was thick with sex and it made her
giddy. She considered whether at the moment she would be capable of
touching her mother's pussy or even sucking on her mother's cunt, but
decided she wasn't sure she wanted to go that far or even if her mother
would be prepared for that. Instead, she moved both hands from the seat
cushions and put them on the back of her mother's legs and began to
lightly fondle them. As she did so, she could feel the tension straining
her mother's whole body; it was like a tightly wound rubber band.

        Suddenly Janet pushed her back and away from her, not roughly but
firmly, saying, "Stop, dear . . . please, just stop. I can't take it any
more. Just sit there and watch me while I jack off. It won't take long, I
promise." She lowered her hand to her pussy and stuck two fingers
into her vagina getting them good and lubricated. Once wet she brought
them out and forward and began to rapidly move them up and down along
each side of her engorged clit.

        Karen, obeying her mother's wishes, just leaned back on her hands
and
looked at her mother flailing herself to orgasm. Wanting to spur her on,
Karen said excitedly, "Come on, mother, do it. Make yourself cum. It's
right there isn't it? You really want it bad, don't you. That's it, frig
yourself, frig your wet pussy!" Sensing Janet was close she continued on,
"Mother, look at my breasts. Look at them! Look how swollen the nipples
are. You made them that way, you got my tits so horny sucking on them.
Just think about sucking these big nipples. Come on, do it - cum for me.
Oh, mother, it's heaven watching you masturbate yourself. You look so
hot!"

       Janet was right there and said hoarsely, "I'm gonna cum, Karen. I'm
right there. Just watch me, OK, just look at me. Now. Here it is . . .
oh, shit . . . here it cums . . . ahhhhhh . . ."

        As Janet hit the high point of her orgasm she suddenly
reached up with her free hand and began twisting one of her large
nipples while looking straight into Karen's eyes. The shock was
like having ice cold water thrown on her as Karen realized that
this was an almost exact repeat of that night years ago. She froze
to the spot and stopped breathing as she watch her mother frig
herself through the orgasm while still maintaining eye contact with
her. Janet had that same abandoned, rutted stare from the past and
it made Karen's cunt throb involuntarily.

        When her mother's body began to spasm in time with the
orgasm wracking her, Karen slowly moved forward and put her arms
around her only to get another surprise as Janet glued her mouth
to her daughter's and drove her tongue almost into Karen's throat.

        As the spasms slowly started to subside, Karen disengaged
her mouth from her mother's but continued to hold her closely,
aware of their bodies pressed together, feeling her mother's sweaty
breasts crushed against her own. Eventually, Janet fell back into
the depths of the love seat, pulling Karen with her and they both
just lay there with their legs entwined. As Janet's breathing began
to quieten Karen gently caressed her mother's damp face while
murmuring to her softly.

                              The
                                 End!
