				The Witch

    Sera turned her head away when the guard opened the folds of fabric
at his crotch and allowed his large penis to fall out.  She had never liked
how this guards tool looked.  It was heavily veined and hairy up to the
middle of the shaft.  It shined with a sheen of perspiration and bobbed in
half aroused anticipation.
    The guard advanced on Sera.  She took an involuntary step back and
bumped into the low table behind her, a table she had come to know well in
the past few months.  The strength of the man was unstoppable.  Even among
the guards he was outstanding, while young women like herself could offer 
about as much resistance as a rag doll.  He casually kicked apart her
legs and put his left hand up her simple skirt.
    Sera's face redden slightly with the shame in her treatment, and
also in the fact that the guard had found her to be already damp with
lubrication.  His three middle fingers worked her crotch while his right
hand pulled her blouse down to reveal her ample left breast.  He lowered
his mouth to the nipple and sucked it to attention.  Once the nub stood
firmly out from her breast the guard bit it.
    Sera threw her head back and gasped.  She involuntarily placed her
hand against the mans face and pushed.  Her palm pressed against the man's
left eye, forcing him to pull back from the hand.  He kept the grip on
her nipple and stretched her breast into a painful cone, and then let it
snap back into shape.  The man looked at her, she had not done any actual
damage but he was not pleased.
    "So the pretty girl wants to be a bad girl?  Strip bad girl, and
then get on the table on your hands an knees."  Sera now regretted she had
been unable to suppress her reaction.  "Pleas sir." she begged. "I had not
meant to resist you!"  The guard had retrieved a long switch from the 
corner and was now advancing on her.  "Do it or it will go worse for you."
said the guard more harshly.
    Sera fearfully complied and now waited on the table on hands and
knees.  The guard admired her spectacular body.  Sera was the most beautiful
peasant girl he knew of.  Reasonably fed so she wasn't scrawny, very shapely
with long dark hair and large firm breasts.  He admired the perfect skin
on the smooth round tight ass and wondered where to start decorating.
    The swish of air and the sudden painful crack across her ass 
seemed one in the same in Sera's mind.  Another nine followed the first,
with the last few pulling yelps from Sera's throat.  The guard enjoyed the
sight of the peasant's sweat covered body.  Her heavy breathing caused her
breasts to swell with each breath and her ass was beautifully criss-crossed
by red lines.
    "Say the words." the guard said.  Sera swallowed and replied in a
breathy voice.  "My body is yours to do with as you please, I give it
freely as payment for your kind services."  The guard nodded and then 
kneeled on the table behind her.  "Look on the table below your open legs."
the guard commanded.  She looked briefly and quickly looked away.  There was
a large pool of liquid on the table, connected to her pussy by a strand of
lubricant.  "You call it payment but you actually enjoy it, don't you slut?"
Sera turned red with humiliation.  "And now your final punishment." said
the guard as he kneeled on the table behind her.    
    Sera parted her lips in a round gasp imitating the shape her anus
was stretched into when the guard thrust into her ass.  He pumped steadily
causing her large breasts to sway in rhythm.  The pain pulled grunts from
Sera each time the guards balls slapped her cunt.  Soon the thrusting
became sporadic as he neared his release.  His hands reached forward and
gripped her breasts painfully tight as Sera felt her bowls filled by a
massive quantity of hot fluid.  The final few thrusts by the man each nearly
lifted her off her knees.  Sera herself came close to an orgasm from the 
mans balls slapping her cunt and the rough treatment of her breasts.  But
she was ultimately cheated when the guard stopped to soon to make her come.
    Sera was still on the table panting when the guard had placed his
dick back in his pants and was opening the door.  "Clean up the room before
you leave." was his final comment as he closed the door behind him.  Sera
slowly sat upright and pushed the hair out of her face.  Fluids drooled
out of her anus onto the back of her legs.  Her ass throbbed inside and out.
She carefully traced the welts across her ass to see if there was any blood.
The was none from the whipping, but there was trace amounts of red in the
fluids that leaked from her ass.  She made a concerted effort and expelled
most of the liquid in her bowls.  She decided that there wasn't enough blood
to be concerned and set about dressing herself and cleaning up the mess.
    Sera exited the small guard shack and looked to see the guard that
had just fucked her in the ass nod and then turn back his attention to 
another young girl entering the city with a large sack of candles to sell.
She was plain and a little dumpy, and the guard accepted the small tin
coin as payment for entry into the city.  A payment that the guard had not
accept from Sera when she had tried to enter the city.  Most guards at the
many city wall entrances were not interested in accepting money from her
as payment to enter the city.  They were mostly interested in fucking her.
For Sera was exceptionally beautiful.  As Sera walked home she became more
and more upset.  Her mother lived in the country, and had been sick now
for several months and was unable to go to the market to buy food.  So once
a week she had to take food to here mother.  And most every time she tried
to enter back into the city, the guards would insist that she pay more than
any peasant would own, and would insist on "other" payments since she didn't
have the money.
    She remembered the plain girl paying the tin coin to enter the city
and at that moment wished she was just as plain.  She began to run with
tears in her eyes.  She was angry and frustrated and also confused.  Her
own emotions were torn between her hurt and humiliation and the excitement
it had aroused in her.  For a few moments she would have done anything to
reach her own release, but instead she had been cheated.  And now she
felt humiliated by her own desire and by what she had wanted done to achieve 
her own orgasm.  Soon she found herself in a park and collapsed on a rock
next to a small stream and cried.

****

    Selera threw one white glove, then the other white glove onto the
the ground as she walked briskly from the palace ball.  Hints of tears showed
in her eyes as the cold air brought goose bumps and caused her nipples 
on her small breasts to harden.  Almost in animosity toward her own body
she did not take something to keep her warm as she walked.  She cursed
mother nature for the trick she had played on her.  She had two older sisters
and one younger sister, all three very attractive.  But Selera was down right
plain, and bordering on homely.
    Her father who was the nephew of the king and an ambassador of the
kingdom was very proud of her, for she was an accomplished diplomat 
and politician.  But at every social gathering he always spent the most
time with her sisters, trying to hook them up with this prince or that
noble.  No man was ever interested in her, and tonight drilled that point
home.
    A very handsome prince from a great northern kingdom was the guest
of honor for this nights ball.  And she had found herself talking to him.
He was interested in her work with the eastern tribes and how she had
managed a trade agreement that was going to bring a lot of revenue to the
city and her father.  She was very proud of her accomplishment and was
happily talking about it when her oldest sister cut into the conversation.
    It was like Selera had disappeared.  He was much more interested
in her sisters lustrous hair, full red lips, and most of all her cleavage
than he was in talking to Selera about politics.  In no time the two were
dancing and her father was beaming with delight.  That's when she had to get
out of the palace, before she did something, like try to kill her sister.
    Selera became aware that she was now in a park and that she had
reached a small stream.  She slumped on a rock and threw a stone into 
a pool of water that the stream fed.  The splash and resulting klunk of the
stone hitting the shallow bottom disturbed a still body not six feet from
Selera.
    It was a young woman, around 18, perhaps 19 years of age.  Vary close
to her own age.  The woman blinked and looked around, she had been crying
recently.  "How long have you been here?" asked Selera.  "Hu?" paused the
woman as she oriented on Selera.  "I... I don't know.  I fell asleep. I came
during the day and now its evening."
    Selera now got a good look at the girl, she was dressed in peasant
clothes and had long beautiful dark hair.  In fact the woman was exceptionally
beautiful, even more beautiful than any of her own sisters.  Selera had to
suppress a sudden projection of anger toward the woman, anger based in the
reminder of her own lack of beauty.  
    "So what problems bring you here?" asked Selera, "Problems choosing
between boy friends?" Selera was surprised at the bitterness in her own
voice and regretted the statement immediately.  She looked away from the 
expression on the woman's face and threw another stone into the water.
The woman's face looked like she had just been kicked.  "Sorry." 
murmured Selera "What's your name?"
    "Sera." she said.  "And yours?"
    "Selera.  I'm really sorry, I'm having a bad night."
    "Sorry to hear it, I'm having a bad life."
    Selera heard emotions behind that statement that some how reminded
her of herself.  It had been a kind of statement that was rooted in anger
toward the world in general.  "Bad life eh?" Selera wondered.
    Sera adjusted herself to look across the stream.  "You probably
wouldn't understand, you look like you have plenty of money, if not
connected with the royal family itself.  You probably get pampered all day
and go to parties all night.  And are never harassed by brutish men."
    Selera humfed.  "I hate pampering, I hate parties, I go on trips
to foreign kingdoms where I eat abominable food and sleep on the ground
in bug infested huts, and I wouldn't mind if any man would take an interest
in me."
    Sera humfed.  "You say that, but you don't know what it is to be
beautiful and poor.  You don't know how much I want to be plain like you."
    "And what I wouldn't give to posses your beauty." replied Selera.
    "Isn't this where some spirit shows up and offers to exchange our
virtues for a piece of our soul, or however those tales go." Commented Sera.
    Selera chuckled, "Yea."
    "AT YOUR SERVICE." screeched an old woman's voice.
    The two women were completely startled, neither had seen the old
woman approach.
    "I have been listening to your conversation and believe I can help."
continued the old lady in a more normal voice.
    "Are you.. you a spirit?" mumbled Sera.
    The old woman cackled.  "No, no my dear.  I am just an old woman
that likes to think of herself as a... a... Social Worker! Yes.. yes...
a social worker is what- er... who I am."
    "Your a witch is who you are, I will not give any of my soul no
matter what you offer." Selera said sternly and backed away from the
woman and closer to Sera.
    "Witch, smitch, it doesn't matter what my trade be.  What matters
is that I may be of service to you.  And your souls have no value to me.
No, no... none at all...."
    "What service are you referring to old woman.", asked Sera.
    "The exchange of feminine virtues but of course, silly girl.... is
that not the thing you both desire? Eh? Eh? Eh?"
    "And what is the payment you seek." asked Selera.
    "My payment is but a trivial thing, a little noting.... not much...
I see you don't believe me....  well it is something.  Five years of your
youth.  You can spare it at your tender age."
    Selera and Sera looked very doubtful.
    "It's your lucky day... yes it is... there's a sale on for 
mutual attribute transmogrific interchange spells...  I'll do it for four
years of your youth... Yes...?  No... Three...?"
    "Two years and I'll do it, if its ok with Sera." decided Selera.
    "Only if I get some money out of the deal." decided Sera. "I don't
want to be so poor anymore."
    The old woman looked uncertain.  "Two years each... hum... and more
money eh....  Young lady." the old woman addressed Sera, "would you be
satisfied with your pay doubling in amount at where you work?"
    Sera thought about it and then nodded.
    "Then we are all in agreement?  Ah... very good... very good......
now you two relax, and when I point to you say your names twice."
    The old woman closed her eyes and murmured a moment then pointed.
    The two women said their names twice together.  Each of them felt
a little tingling for a moment and then all was quiet.
    "I shall return to this place in one moon..." trailed the voice of
the old woman as if she was a long way away, and before she could no longer
be heard she broke into a screeching cackle. 
    The two women were alone with only the sound of the stream and the
wind.  Selera blinked and stared at Sera.  "This is to weird, you gota look
at your self."
    "I gota see me?  You otta see you!"
    The two women looked into the pool of water.  They were obviously
themselves but at first they didn't recognize their own reflection.  Selera
saw fine bones and beautiful hair.  She was also uncomfortable in a dress
designed to hold breasts several times smaller than her new size.  And
Sera was amazed at her own plainness.
    "Who would have thought." mumbled Selera.
 
****

    Selera was disappointed at best.  For almost a year she had been
working with the eastern tribes for a trade agreement, and now that the time
has come to finalize the deal, she would not be there.  Selera pushed her
food around, but didn't feel like eating.
    "You should have seen it coming", she said to her self.  In the
past month she had found it increasingly difficult to carry on in a
professional manner.  Even her father has been treating her like glass work.
Several important trips he had not allowed her to make because he had not
been satisfied with the security.  "Security!" humfed Selera.  Places with
security problems now had been just fine last year.  And she was tired
of gossip.  Wild rumors had been spreading about affairs she has supposedly
had.  Many men have begun to outright ignore her.  They wont admit it but
Selera knew that their wives had insisted they have nothing to do with her.
    "Hi Selera!" squeaked Tran.  'Oh God' Selera thought to herself.
Selera was sure this had to be the hundredth time today Tran had found her.
Which would make sevenhundred this week.  "Go away Tran." growled Selera.
    "Now what kind of treatment is that at this time of the night?" 
continued Tran undaunted.  He sat down at the table entirely to close for
Selera's comfort.
    "I'm tired and I'm going to go to bed now, good night Tran.", she 
said as she got up from the table, maybe she could be alone in the library.
    "Late?  It's just right for a twilight walk, or hot tea, or lots
of things, not bed." Suggested Tran.
    "Perhaps I could show you to your room." spoke a deeper voice.
    Selera recognized the voice of the prince from the north kingdom.
He had returned for another diplomatic meeting this week.
    "Wh.. Why thank you my lord." stumbled Selera.
    "Please, use my name." Said the prince.
    "Of course my Lord Dalork." Selera breathed.
    Dalork laughed deeply and chided Selera.  "Just Dalork, no titles.
I am finished with official business this visit and am tired of formalities."
    Selera momentarily realized she was no longer in the kitchen but 
walking along an open path with Dalork toward the guest wing of the castle.
    "I should have planed to spend more time in your city, it truly
is a beautiful place with so many parks and gardens." continued Dalork as
he took Selera's hand and placed it at his elbow in the manner of an 
escorting male.
    To Selera the outside world fuzzed again as she tried to make herself
believe she was not dreaming but actually holding Dalork's arm.
    "I must apologize, for I have been so distracted by you that I have
habitually walked to my quarters.  Would you care to join me in an evening
drink before you part my company for your room?" asked Dalork.
    Selera was curious about how they had arrived at the guest complex
so soon from the kitchen.  Surly they had not traveled the ten minute walk
in so short a time.  Then it hit her as to what Dalork was asking.  She
floundered in her thinking and uttered something which Dalork decided was
a yes.
    The suite that Dalork was using on his visit was one of the more
spacious in the guest complex.  With a total of twelve rooms for the guest,
his personal servants and cooks.  Dalork led Selera into a small entertaining
room where there were comfortable seats and a small selection of bottles
containing different colored drinks.
    Dalork poured two glasses from a bottle he selected and handed one
to Selera.  "It's a mild spice drink from my home country, I hope you like
it." He said.  
    Selera tried a sip and found it delightful.  Dalork continued, "I am
very glad to have a chance to continue our conversation that we were never
able to finish at the ball of my last visit.  You must finish telling me about
the eastern tribes."  Selera brightened and began the conversation eagerly.
    They had been talking for an hour or so when there came an extended
pause in the discussion.  Selera for the first time let her eyes wander from
the prince and scanned the titles of a book shelf, where a particular title
caught her eye.  "That book there," Selera pointed, "where did you get it?"
    In the back of her mind Selera realized that there was something
funny.  She felt fine but the particular book she was bringing attention to
was of a subject matter that normally made her very uncomfortable.  The book
had been in the castles main library until the librarian had seen her reading
it.  The librarian had immediately taken away the book and had severely
chastised her for reading such a volume.  She had never seen that book again,
until now.  
    Dalork arched an eyebrow.  "I found that book when I was a young
boy.  I stole it from a priest who was about to burn it."  Dalork paused
and then asked with a searching look.  "Are you interested in such things?"
    Some corner of Selera's mind was able recognize that something was 
very wrong.  "I.. I should be leaving now." she said as she stood up.
    "I wouldn't like that." said Dalork in a voice that was deeper than
she remembered it to be.
    Selera wavered a moment and then took several steps toward the
door.  Selera fought with all her will and was able to take the last step
to the door, but there she stood and could not go further.  "What have you
done?" Selera asked with a voice that sounded like she was out of breath.
    "Me? nothing!" smiled Dalork.  "The drink... lets just say you don't
need a lot of verbal persuasion to get you to do something."
    "You.. you bastard.  What do you want?"  Selera was gripping the
door frame, looking like she was about to flee from the room, but stayed
quite still.
    "This past week I have been quite taken by your charms, Selera, and
couldn't bring myself to leave this lovely city with out first tasting
some of its fruit."  Dalork then stood up and walked to the bookshelf.  "You
would have been a very easy straight fuck, Selera, but I didn't think you
would have ever consented to how a woman of your beauty should really be 
treated."  Dalork fingered the spine of the book Selera had noticed.  He
felt the relief of the title.  "I'm a little less sure of that now.  But it
doesn't matter."  He smiled.  "This night I am going to enjoy, and perhaps
so shall you.  Please follow."
    Dalork exited the room and after a short moment of intense struggle,
Selera also left the room and followed Dalork.  Just before it was out of
sight she glanced at the title of the book one last time, 'Of Giving and 
Receiving Sensual Pain'.

****

    Sera grudgingly handed over her last tin coin to the guard as she
passed the gate to enter the city.  Tonight she would again not eat.  As she
walked home she passed several stands that sold fruits or bread and remembered
when she could buy five loafs for one tin coin.  Now she couldn't haggle the
store keeper to buy one loaf for a tin.  
    She was earning twice as much money now than she was a month ago
but her living expenses had more than doubled.  Food cost more, the landlord
was becoming particularly non-understanding when it came time to pay rent
where before he had allowed her to pay what she could afford.  She also was
paying a toll fee each week when she brought food to her mother.
    Hints of tears glistened in her eyes from memories triggered by that
thought.  Last week she had not eaten for two days and needed the money
for food.  When it had come time to pay the toll she had pleaded the guard
to let her enter with out paying.  But he had refused.  That was when she
offered herself in lieu of paying.  The guard had laughed, and kept laughing
as he returned to the guard shack, leaving the gate closed and locked.
    Sera had cried, for at that moment she realized that she had wanted
the guard to accept.  Sera felt ashamed that she had asked, and that she
desired to be used as she had been used before.  The humiliation of refusal
suddenly crushed down on her and she began to run.  Sera cried freely now
as she ran, no longer paying attention to where she was going.

***
     
    Dalork led Selera up stairs to the bedroom.  Upon entering Selera
noticed two things right away.  First were the two women in the room, 
second was that neither of them had a shred of clothing on, both
having the dark skin of the northern kingdoms.  The taller of the two was
hanging at the far wall.  Her feet were  spread wide apart by a spreader
bar, her toes just touching the floor.  Her hands were tied behind her back
and attached to a leather belt around her waist.  A single chain feeding from
a winch attached to the wall led up to the ceiling, through a large metal
loop, and down.  Half way to the woman it split into two chains, each 
leading to a ratchet manacle tightly closed about the base of a large breast.
Sweat covered her body as she slowly swayed by her breasts, and a ball gag 
muffled moans and grunts from her throat.  Her hair dangled behind her in a
long braid that reached the base of her ass.
    Kneeling in front of the taller woman was a smaller woman who also
wore her hair in a long braid.  Her build was more petite and she had
smaller breasts.  The nipples were each pierced by three rings in a horizontal
pattern that interlocked the loops.  She wore on the lower portion of her
body a thin leather strap that fitted tightly between her ass cheeks, split
and arched over each hip, then came down and was threaded through four 
piercings in each cunt lip, then rejoined at the anus.  The effect was having
her pussy stretched obscenely wide and exposing a large clitoris to the air.
    The small woman was wielding a pair of tiny pliers and was in the
middle of plucking the taller woman's curly pubic hair from her cunt.  About
half of the job had been done, leaving behind smooth, slightly red skin and
a pile of hair on the floor.  She did not remove the hair with quick plucks,
but grabbed three or four hairs and then slowly pulled.  The taller woman would
be gradually pulled forward and her cunt skin would be stretched from her 
body in a long skinny cone.  She would dangle by her breasts and cunt hairs
in agony like this for several moments, then the pull would become too great
and the hairs would be plucked from her body.  She would then gently swing
back and forth until she could balance herself on the tips of her toes and
ever so slightly relieve some of the pull on her breasts for a moment before
the process started again.
    "These are two of my pets I brought from home."  Dalork said
motioning at the two women.  Selera flushed with a mixture of disgust and 
embarrassment, and though she averted her head she looked out of the corner
of her eyes.  She was compelled to watch by a sense of fascination she had
not felt the likes since childhood with the library book.  It was not quite
the same though, the fascination had matured some with age into other
feelings like desire, and arousal.  Selera was surprised, and confused by
this reaction to the scene before her.  These feelings transmuted into anger,
the only feeling she found comfortable for the moment.
    "You, you bastard!" Selera whispered.  Dalork smiled and chuckled
a bit.
    "You must have me confused with my half brother." Dalork said lightly.
He walked toward the two 'pets' and motioned for Selera to follow.  Selera
fought an internal battle for a moment, which ended in her following Dalork.
    "Lithel here has been neglectful in her chores of late." Dalork said 
as he indicated to the woman hanging by her breasts.  "And now pays for
her laziness."  Dalork smiled and ran his finger from Lithel's elbow down
to her armpit.  The woman shuddered lightly and moaned.  Selera wondered how
long Lithel had been hanging by her breasts, they were a deep red, with
hints of purple indicating that circulation was beginning to suffer.  A
condition that could lead to serious injury if prolonged.
    "Both my pets, Lithel, and Loinia here," Dalork said as he patted
the shorter woman on the head while she continued to pluck hairs from
Lithel's pussy.  "despite their delicate beauty, are very resilient to damage
and have remarkable healing abilities."  It was like Dalork had understood
the expression on Selera's face and answered the unsaid question.
    "They both come from the most northern tribes in my kingdom.  There
the people breed hearty in the harsh frozen hills.  There women, with the
exception of royalty, are possessions owned by men.  They are bred not only
for beauty, but for toughness.  A trait needed to survive how the typical
warrior male enjoys sex.  We acquire some of these women by trade." Dalork
smiled.
    "Barbaric." Selera stated.
    "Perhaps, but they do not hold the culture of many southern tribes
in very high regard themselves.  Your kingdom and the eastern tribes that
border it make up but a small part of the land, its values are not shared
by all.  Do not judge other cultures, or impose your values upon them.  
These women would not think twice of taking arms against any invader
and defending their way of life.  My father has built one of the most
powerful kingdoms by respecting the differences of other cultures."  Dalork 
made a thoughtful face, then added quickly "Except for when they are 
downright incompatible with your own, in which case you wipe them out."
    Dalork paused, then smiled again and continued.  "Anyway I digress,
my intentions are not to give political sermons, but to deal with the 
matter at hand."  Dalork's smile widened.  "And I need you to help me!"
    Dalork led Selera around and behind Lithel as he talked.  "Lithel 
has an itch she can't scratch, and you are going to scratch it for her."
Dalork produced a Cat with nine braided tails and placed it into Selera's
hand.  "This is great for scratching itches, and Lithel's ass really itches." 
    Selera stood motionless and contemplated the whip in her hand.  She
tried but could not make her self drop the whip, or run from the room.
She was inexorably pulled into action by forces more compelling than she
had ever felt before.
    The first stroke was trivial by any standard.  Dalork looked as
though he was going to comment, but said nothing.  Selera felt the wrongness
of the act.  The moment required, demanded, something more, and Selera
let the moment carry her away.
    HissssThwak!
    Selera resonated with the action, her body felt like it was buzzing.
Lithel's moan sent shivers through Selera's body, causing a sensation that
registered barely to her mind as sexual pleasure.  Selera studied the pattern
the whip had left on Lithel's ass.  It looked like it belonged there, it
felt right, but in her mind it was far from complete.
   Selera did not know how many strokes of the whip she had placed
across Lithel's ass, but the end result was quite impressive.  The color
had wholly changed to a nice glowing red, with darker streaks criss-crossing
the perfect globes of her ass.  Lithel's high pitched cries faded into a 
low moan that sounded almost content to Selera's ear.
    "Nice." commented Dalork.  "Now come over here, you have worked hard
and deserve a reward."
    Selera followed Dalork's lead to where Loinia was laying on her back
on the floor.  Selera was unable to focus her mind and could only respond
to Dalork's guidance.
    "Now raise your dress up over your hips and let Loinia clean you
up." Dalork coaxed.
    Indeed as Selera raised her dress, there was a rather abundant
amount of fluid coating her cunt and the sides of her inner thighs.  
Dalork guided Selera down onto Loinia.  The first contact between Selera's
pussy and Loinia's lips caused her to start.  But Dalork insistently eased
Selera back down.
    Loinia proceeded to clean the fluids from Selera's thighs and cunt,
and then began to rhythmically massage and penetrate Selera's pussy with
her tongue.  Selera's breath quickened and she instinctively rubbed her left
breast through the fabric of her dress.  This continued for several minutes
with out progression.
    "Here, take these and coach Loinia into a more satisfactory state."
Said Dalork as he placed several long thin needles about 3.5 inches
long in Selera's hand.
    Selera did not pause, she knew what the needles were for, and did
not pretend ignorance in there use.  She took one into her right hand and
contemplated Loinia's left breast.  Selera lowered the needle's point to
a position at the edge of Loinia's areola and applied pressure to the needle
as she slightly twirled it.
    Loinia made a brief high pitched squeak and quickened her pace on
Selera's cunt while the needle slid through her nipple.  When the needle
exited out the other side of her areola Loinia made another squeak.
    Selera repeated the action with Loinia's right breast.  The
increase in the stimulation of Selera's cunt caused several small orgasms
to form, but they only wet her appetite for more.  She took another needle
and instead of piercing through Loinia's breast, she stabbed the center of
the nub and buried it deep in Loinia's breast.
    Loinia went frantic and ate Selera's pussy with such force that 
Selera now bounced up and down with the rhythm.  A second needle was
buried in Loinia's other breast in the same manner as before, causing
the frenzy to be sustained, and allowing Selera to reach her final orgasm.
    After Selera stopped groaning she stood up, dropping the rest
of the needles on the floor.  Loinia was still panting heavily, causing the
needles in her breasts to quiver.
    "A woman of your beauty and birth should have slaves of her own to
use as she pleases.  You could own male slaves, not just females.  Of course
such things are forbidden in your kingdom, but not mine..." hinted Dalork,
though Selera seemed to miss it. 
    "How... How could you..." Selera began but could not finish.  "You
forced..." Selera tried again but could not complete the sentence with
out stopping for the breath her lungs demanded.
    "Forced?" Dalork asked.  "No one was forced to do anything today, 
unless you count walking up stairs.  My drink influenced you in that way
only a few minutes before it wore off, it does lower ones inhibitions some
for a while afterwards, but thats all.  The rest of the time you were free
to leave this room at any time."
    Selera knew it was true.  In her own mind she had known that the
drink had worn off, but some part of her had wanted to use it as a pretext
to stay, to do what she had done.  The realization was upsetting, confusing,
and at the moment, unacceptable.
    Selera found herself running, out the guest complex, out of the
courtyard, and beyond.  She didn't pay attention, she just ran.
 
****

    Sera and Selera immediately recognized each other by the stream.
They had both arrived at the same time, exactly where they had stood one
moon cycle ago.  Realizing the absurdness of such a coincidence they both
looked to where the witch had been standing... was standing.
    The witch looked much the same as before, but if one looked closely
her complexion was a little paler before, and there had been more gray hair.
    "Ahhhh so we meet again... yes... again... quite fortunate don't you
think?  Well... maybe you wouldn't think so, but fortunate none the less."
came the familiar voice of the witch.
    "You bitch!" exploded Selera. "You knew... you probably set the whole
thing up." Selera finished, losing her momentum.  Selera sat down suddenly 
feeling exhausted.
    "You tricked me." started Sera.  "You made it so I would be poorer,
not richer."  Sera also sat down.
    The witch smiled a slow knowing smile and her speech changed from
its usual drawn out pitch to a more articulate one.  "You tricked yourself, 
little girl." she said to Sera.  "Your perception of the world did not
match the reality of the world.  It's upsetting, and it makes you angry.
You blame me instead of yourself, because that lets you keep some shred
of your illusion.  And its easier to.  Don't feel bad though, it's in the
nature of you humans to create your own illusions, and then fight tooth
and nail to sustain them.  It's your weakness, and sometimes your strength."
The witch cackled.
    "I don't know how Selera feels about it, but I want my beauty back."
said Sera into the ground.
    The witch turned her attention to Selera and studied her with
piercing eyes.  Selera watched the water and said nothing.  "You also
discovered that to different states there are different advantages, and
disadvantages.  This is nothing a boy can't tell you, but the reality
of experience teaches the lesson like no fable can." 
    "My work means the most to me." Said Selera in a slow deliberate
voice.  She sat thoughtfully for a moment, then continued. "I agree to 
trade again." she concluded.
    "Ahhhh... very good.... very good... and now for the fee... half
your soul?" The witch said reverting back to her normal speaking voice.
    Sera gasped and Selera backed away from the witch.
    "I... I thought it would be two years, like the first time." complained
Sera.
    "Well... you know, demand changes, yes... right now there's a run on
soul...  The supernatural market is a fickle thing, yes it is..." the witch
said.
    "You will get none of my soul." Selera stated flatly.  Sera nodded her
head in agreement.
    The witch studied the two intently then proposed, "A fifth of your
soul?  Less than half my original offer, quite a nice deal, yes..."
    The two girls shook there heads sternly.
    "No soul eh?  Oh well... tis a shame, yes... ok, ten years of your
youth."
    Sera gasped again.
    "You can have two years or nothing at all." Selera said flatly.
    The witch stared at the two for a while then frowned.  "Fine, nothing
it is... such a shame... such a shame..." The witch began to turn away.
    "Three years, please?" asked Sera.
    The witch stopped and looked back.  Selera paused then nodded.
    "Ok... ok... I'll do it for three.  Charity work it is...  bloody 
charity work.  You girls know the drill, when I point say your names 
three times.  I should tell you though, the effect of the first spell will
not be entirely reversed.  It's impossible to completely separate the mud 
from the wine once you mix them."  The witch paused then screwed up her face.
"Sorry, wrong example... wrong allusion... oh well never mind."
    The witch mumbled a few moments then pointed.  The girls said their
names three times each.  The familiar tingling sensation returned, then
all was quiet.
    Selera and Sera went to the pool to find their reflections.  Selera
was plain again, and Sera was very beautiful.  But some of the original
trade could be seen.  Selera wasn't so painfully plain, but just ordinary.
Perhaps with some makeup she could actually look pleasant.  And Sera wasn't
so painfully beautiful, but just very lovely.  The two girls thought that
maybe that wasn't such a bad thing.

****

    Selera watched from the wall as Dalork's caravan made its way north
to the horizon.  Even now she felt the pull.  "I could get on a horse and
catch up in an hour." she said to herself.  But she did nothing, like
so many times during the past day, when she wanted to tell him that his
hint had not gone unnoticed.
    But she was too afraid, afraid that Dalork would loose interest
in her now that her beauty had become average.  Perhaps even more
afraid of daring to believing that one could live a fantasy life from your
dreams.
    Selera twirled a long hat pin in her hand and thought of needles.
She sighed and looked again at the ever shrinking caravan, wondering again
how long the ride would be by horse.
    "There you are!  Where have you been the last couple of days?" piped
Tran.
    Selera looked over at him as he walked toward her on the rampart.
"Hi Tran." she said.  Her total aging of five years had not much changed
how she looked, but why people never outright noticed her changes in
beauty was a mystery to her.  Selera figured it must be part of the spell
the witch used.
    "I finally found you alone, where there's no one else to cause you
to forget I even exist." Tran said in light way, but you could tell there
was some feeling behind it.
    Selera winced, she knew how that felt.  "Sorry Tran." she said.
    Tran smiled.  "That's ok, I know I don't hold a flame up to Dalork,
him being a real prince and all.  One can hope though, one can try."
    That caused Selera to look at Tran for a long moment, then slowly
back to the horizon where the low sun reflected off a tiny dust cloud in
the distance.  "Tell you what Tran, we can be friends.  Don't get the wrong
idea, just friends."
    Tran made a disgusted look on his face.  "Gawad, you had to say that,
didn't you?  Make me vomit." But Tran broke into a smile though continued to
shake his head.
    "Come on, I'll treat you to a sandwich in the kitchen." Selera said
pulling on Tran's arm.  "Besides..." she said as they walked.  She handed
him the hat pin and continued, "I have serious doubts that we are even
close to being compatible.  I might have some friends you might like to
meet though."
    Tran held the hat pin in confusion, then it registered what Selera
was talking about.  "Yea? You think so?"
 Selera just smiled.

****

    Sera grunted when the guard managed to push the head of his huge
dick past her sphincter.  With each pump the guard pushed into Sera a little
deeper, pulling grunts and gasps from her throat as her anus was stretched
ever wider.  When the guard had half the length of his penis into Sera's
ass, he had the sudden urge to urinate.  He went with the feeling and
filled Sera's bowls with piss.  Sera, on her hands and knees, looked over
her shoulder as her bowls were filled like a ball.
    The fit of the guard's dick in Sera's ass was so tight that not a
drop of the urine was able to escape.  Feeling better, the guard then 
continued his journey into her.  Sera felt the hot piss work its way deeper
into her bowls, and the guard's dick was a painful impaling with each deep
stroke.
    The guard infront of her slapped her across the face, then grabbed her
by the hair and pushed her face down on his own dick.  "Stop watching your
ass and start sucking." he said.  Sera swallowed the last of the cum from
the first guard who had fucked her in the mouth.  That guard had filled her
mouth to overflowing despite her drinking as fast as she could.  The last
mouthful she had just swallowed was from being told to lick up the spill
off the table.  Selera's grunts were now muffled groans as the guard
filled her mouth and throat with his meat.
    Sera took her left hand and placed her fingers to either side of the
giant dick being shoved into her cunt by the same guard that had came in
her mouth just moments before.  She felt the guard's dick become coated by
her own abundant juices and become slick and slippery.  The two guards
fucking her ass and cunt started to hammer hard, causing her breasts to
slap forward and back.
    On her nipples were clamps, given to her by her husband, screwed down
very tightly.  They were decorated by precious stones and made of precious
metals.  They had been given to her on her wedding night.  With each bounce
of her tits, spikes of pain lanced through her breasts, reminding her fondly
of the honeymoon from which marks still remained on her back, ass, and 
breasts.
    She had married the head guard.  She had grown accustomed, then
fond of the half hairy dick that was so good at mercilessly pounding into
her.  He wasn't a bad man when you got to know him.  Actually he was
a very big hearted man, who shared what he had when he could.  After all,
he was sharing her with three of his buddies right now.  
    Sera smiled, if that was possible with your mouth filled with a 
giant cock, while you tried to scream in masive pain/pleasure orgasims.
