                            Thingies
                        by Virtual Scott

I stared at the nurse and pulled my jacket more tightly about
me, guarding against a chill more mental than physical.

The nurse, Kara according to her nametag, stared back at me. She
was supposed to be watching me, for reasons not quite clear, but
I could tell she was listening to the conversation in the next
room.

I was, too.

"...horrible shock. It surprised all of us, she was such a sweet
girl, and of course we had no idea she would do such a thing.
Tracy took it especially hard -- she and Elizabeth were so
close."

Believe me, mom, you have no idea... I chewed on my lip and
tried to look scared for Kara, which wasn't too hard. Maybe I
could get out of this after all. Sniffles might be good, but
then I wouldn't be able to hear as well.

"I'm very sorry, Mrs. Scott. But why is Tracy so afraid of
doctors? Is there something more that happened? I don't want to
frighten her unnecessarily."

There was an apparent pause, but I could visualize mom's shrug
as clearly as if I were in the next room with them.

"I'm not really sure. She never wants to talk about it, and I
thought it would be better to leave well enough alone. Perhaps
it's resentment that they couldn't save Beth, although God knows
it would have taken a miracle after the burns she had..."

Nurse Kara's expression twisted slightly, and I knew she'd put
the name and the description together. It was an easy thing to
remember, even after a year. Even if we'd been in a bigger town.
Now she was watching me like I was a psycho or something.

Like Beth. Hey, it's not every big sister who locks herself in a
shed, douses herself with gasoline, and lights up. The firemen
and paramedics hadn't been able to do anything for the cooked
near-corpse they'd recovered from the blaze except speed its
final passing.

I'd seen it all, but it wasn't the kind of thing you talk about.
Even to some shrink who gets paid by the hour to listen to you
babble. Even when they say your sister was weak, "must not have
been able to take it," when they don't even know her.

Anyway, the incident was a convenient excuse for remaining
isolated. Well, until now. Damn, if I'd known they were going to
require physicals for the stupid high school ski team I would
never had joined. Now I was stuck. Mom was so psyched about her
loner daughter getting involved in anything that I could never
think up an excuse for backing out now. Telling her the truth
never even crossed my mind.

My stomach cramped slightly at the thought of my predicament and
I squirmed slightly on the stool. Kara's perfume wasn't helping
matters any.

I looked up as Dr. Saunders entered the examination room;
apparently my brief reverie had outlasted the conversation. It
was tough maintaining an even expression while gritting my
teeth.

"Hello, Tracy, I'm Dr. Saunders." Her smile didn't put me at
ease, but it was a nice attempt. "I want you to go ahead and
relax; nothing bad is going to happen to you. Now Kara is going
to prepare you for a simple physical examination and take a few
measurements. Then I'll be back to see you in a few minutes.
Okay?"

Shit. Trapped like a rat. The room felt even smaller, way too
small. My head twitched slightly in what obviously was taken for
a nod. Then she was gone again, closing the door behind her this
time, doubtless to make sure mom signed all the appropriate
paperwork. Small consolation.

Kara smiled brightly, an expression which only barely showed
signs of wear from overuse, and gestured towards the table in
the center of the room.

"Fine! Tracy, you just slide out of your clothes and put on this
gown" -- a generous assessment of the thin, pale blue garment
lying on the table -- "and we'll get started!"

She started puttering with some stuff atop the counter running
along that wall. I cramped up again, worse this time, and
swallowed heavily while trying to disguise my discomfort.

"Um, Kara..." I couldn't think of a graceful way to ask. "Are
you, um, staying?"

I couldn't help taking a step back as she turned towards me. Her
eyes narrowed briefly, then the smile was back. Great, now I'd
aroused her suspicions.

"Of course. Don't be shy, I've seen it all before. And I'll be
assisting with part of the exam, anyway. Just go ahead and don't
mind me."

It didn't look like I had a choice, and my mind seemed to have
left with Dr. Saunders. Well, I'd have to at least begin to
comply and hope something would occur to me.

The closed room seemed stifling and it was almost a relief to
shed my coat, although I felt nervous without its protection.
Kara turned back to her counter. Shoes and socks were an easy
next choice, then my heavy sweatshirt. After a brief hesitation,
the sloppy loose rugby shirt joined the other clothes on the
table.

Kara still seemed to be focusing on other matters. I swallowed
again, several times, then finally had to cough to clear my
throat. The cramping didn't seem to be a problem any longer, but
I felt incredibly tense. The tension seemed to be physical now
rather than mental, my whole body was trembling and I could feel
a pressure in my tummy.

I really didn't want to remove my bra, but it didn't feel safe
to stop. My boobs weren't as nice as Beth's had been, but they
weren't bad. The nipples were really stiff though, and I turned
away hoping Kara hadn't seen them.

Fainting was seeming increasingly attractive, but then I'd be
totally at their mercy. I mastered myself and unfastened my
belt. Still facing away from Kara, I let my jeans fall to the
floor.

That left only my old, baggy cotton underwear. It was soaked, as
I'd known it would be. Despite my best efforts, it happened
whenever I stayed too close to other people for too long. A
powerful incentive to pass by the team sports, if you ask me.
Even if I had been a pretty good volleyball player.

I reached for the gown, but I guess Kara had been watching
closer than I thought.

"Undies, too, Tracy!"

Damn damn damn. I could just feel that I was about to lose it. I
took a step closer to my wall, hoping I could use the jeans for
cover, and slid the briefs carefully down my legs.

Splat!

Ooops. One of the several panty liners I'd stuffed in my crotch
had come loose and fallen flat on the tile floor. I was so wired
I jumped what felt like three feet in the air. Kara couldn't
possibly have missed the sound of it hitting.

And when she whirled to look, as she did, she couldn't possibly
miss the color, which she didn't. A pretty translucent turquoise
color. The splat mark, not the liner, you understand -- the same
as the crotch of my panties.

I was really shaking now, and seriously considering whether I
could make it to the sink before barfing. Not that it mattered
anyway.

"Ohmigod! Tracy! Are you alright?"

Kara, naturally, rushed right over and spun me around for a
look. I'm sure she must have been appalled by the stuff oozing
from pussy and matting my blonde pubes -- it looked kind of like
the stuff in those old "Stretch Armstrong" dolls -- but I didn't
see her expression.

All I felt was the fire of her hand on my shoulder. I'm pretty
sure she started to scream, but it choked off when I barfed on
her. It was more of the blue stuff, which sprayed all over her
face and white dress. It was funny, it didn't taste like when I
was younger and had been sick, and it almost felt good.

Then I was clasping her tightly, and pissing more of the blue
ooze onto her thighs. That felt pretty good, too. I was panting
hard and almost vibrating, the tension was worse than ever, and
I guess neither of us could stand because we collapsed to the
floor.

The first of the thingies came out then, I could feel it
brushing past my clittie and pushing out towards Kara. Then I
guess she could feel it too, brushing her leg below her uniform,
because all of a sudden she stopped struggling and froze like a
deer in headlights.

Hell, I'd put up more of a fight than this when Beth raped me
that night last year. Of course, I wasn't fighting it now, even
though I'd been dreading this moment, and fighting to avoid it,
ever since I'd found the first goo on my tampon last summer.

Another of the thingies was probing her now. I don't really know
what they are; they look sort of like pipe cleaners, with a thin
core and brightly colored bristles all along their length, but
they move more like tentacles. I don't know how long they are,
"as long as it takes" it seems. And they come in different
sizes. Beth's had been vivid shades of blue and green, and it
looked like mine were, too.

A bigger one, about two fingers in diameter, poked out and slid
slowly under Kara's dress up towards her pussy. Its bristles, or
fur, or whatever, teased my clit as it moved and it felt so good
I nearly forgot to keep breathing. It began quivering
impatiently and I gasped at the sensation.

Intellectually I felt sorry for Kara, knew first-hand what she
was experiencing, but that didn't stop me from reaching under
her dress and yanking her pantyhose and undies down to her
thighs. First the little thingies, then the bigger ones, eagerly
pressed into her holes, both of them, giving me a rush of
sensation.

That seemed to prod Kara into considering another scream, but I
bent to her as if we were going to kiss... Another cough and yet
more thingies, glistening with their coating of goo, were
sliding out of my mouth and into hers. I knew she wouldn't bite
them -- I'd thought about it and tried a year ago, but hadn't
been able to do it. I don't know why not.

I pulled her unresisting body closer to mine. I bore down as if
I were shitting, but I knew it was just more thingies coming to
join the fun -- I hadn't had to use a bathroom in nearly a year.
Convenient, but a hassle to remember to pretend, if you know
what I mean.

Finally, all the thingies seemed to start thrusting back and
forth, although not really in unison. It was the most
scrumptious thing, like being tickled and stroked and teased and
masturbated all rolled into one and I wanted it never to end. We
both spazzed on the floor, clutching each other, covered in
sweat and blue goo, and grunted and moaned.

It felt like longer, but I think it was only about five minutes
before I could feel lots and lots of the blue goo stuff leaking
out of Kara's mouth and pussy and rear. I experienced one last
strong series of orgasms as the thingies retreated back into
their hidey holes inside me, then rolled onto my back and tried
to catch my breath.

I could hear Kara panting beside me, but I knew she wouldn't be
any trouble. I think the goo does something else to you too; I
hadn't been able to really move for hours after Beth left me,
and I doubted Kara would be different.

Beth. I could still remember her crying over me, apologizing,
trying to clean my unresisting body afterwards that night. Then
she'd said she couldn't let herself do it again, and she'd left.
The emergency guys had been zipping her into a body bag by the
time I'd been able to follow.

Beth. I knew for sure now she hadn't been weak, or a quitter.
She'd had the strength to turn away from the thingies, to roast
them and herself so she couldn't hurt anybody else.

Me? Well, I wanted to do it again in the worst kind of way.
Yeah, it was wrong, but I'd trade anything for that feeling of
ecstasy... Kara wasn't interesting anymore, I knew she'd have
thingies of her own pretty soon. It would have to be somebody
else.

It wasn't the same, but I started diddling myself anyway. Dr.
Saunders would be back soon. Idly, I wondered if mom would be
with her...
