Archive-name: 3plus/thr-comp.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Three's Company


	(no relation to the TV show)

	PART ONE: THE SET-UP

	Jake and Ed stepped into the nightclub. They blinked a few 
times as their eyes got adjusted to the dim lighting inside, and 
walked over to the cashier's desk. After paying, they walked past the 
dance floor and found a table next to the DJ's booth. Jake sat down 
while Ed went to get a few beers.
	Jake looked around the room; everywhere, people were talking, 
dancing, drinking, laughing, and flirting. It was the flirting that 
Jake was interested in. He had just broken up with his girlfriend a 
month ago--their relationship wasn't too serious, but Jake still felt 
lonely--and Ed persuaded him to come dancing. "C'mon, Jake... we'll go
dancing, and maybe you'll meet a nice woman or two. Maybe you'll get 
your wick dipped; you never know!" Jake hated the way Ed talked about 
sex. Sure, Ed was the ladies' man of the group; it seemed like every 
week he had a new woman on his arm. But Jake had never been able to be 
casual about sex. Sure, he was no virgin--and there were several 
parties at school where he'd brought some sorority girl home for the 
night--but even then, he was never able to just blow the girl off 
afterwards. In fact, some great friendships had developed...
	Ed came back with the beers in one hand, frosted glasses in the 
other. "Hey! You awake?" he teased. Jake looked at him and smiled 
wanly. "Yeah, I'm here."
	Ed rolled his eyes and said, "Aw, c'mon! Don't tell me you're 
_still_ moping about Cassie!" "Nah... I was just...checking the place 
out," Jake replied. Ed looked at Jake for a second, and said, "Okay, 
I'll let it slide this once. But Jake, you've got to get over her. So 
she's found someone else. You've got to do the same!"
	Jake said, "Yeah, I know..." Ed broke in and said, "'Yeah, I 
know' nothing! As of right now, I proclaim that you are over her, and 
are ready for some action!" Jake smiled. "Okay by me!"
	Jake popped the bottle open and poured his beer into the glass. 
As he did, he began checking the room again. There were a lot of women 
tonight; many of them wearing tight skirts, high heels, tight 
shirts...
	Jake stopped as he noticed something out of the corner of his 
eye. He glanced back to see a dark-haired looking back at him. She 
smiled slightly, then turned back to her friend, who was talking and 
apparently didn't notice that her audience was distracted. Jake smiled 
to himself; this _is_ fun, he thought.
	Ed said, "Well, I don't know about you, but I'm going to find 
someone--I mean someTHING--to do..." he stood up, checked to see that 
his shirt was tucked in, then started across the room to the dance 
floor. Jake watched him leave, then turned back to the dark-haired 
woman--only to find she looking at him again. And as before, she 
smiled and turned back to her friend. She said something, and her 
friend looked over at Jake. Jake felt himself turning red--it never 
occurred to him that other people were checking him out!
	He looked over to Ed. Ed was busy talking to some redhead in a 
short black dress, so Jake figured, What the hell, Ed's doing fine. 
Jake got up, and walked over to the table.
	When he got there, the dark-haired woman said, "Your friend 
seems to be busy...care to join us?" Jake said, "Sure." He sat down at 
the table. The dark-haired woman said, "My friend here is Leslie--" 
Leslie smiled "--and my name is Cassie." Jake did a double-take. 
Cassie said, "What's the matter?"
	Jake said, "Uh...nothing...it's just that my girlfriend's name 
is Cassie." Cassie pouted. "Aw. So you're taken, huh?" Jake realized 
what he had said. "Uh, no! I mean, she _was_ my girlfriend... we broke 
up about a month ago."
	Cassie said, "I'm sorry to hear that. You seem like you're 
still hooked on her." Jake said, "Yeah, well... we'd been going out 
for a while..." Leslie smiled, and said, "Well, then what you need is 
a night of some fun to get your mind off of her! You want to dance?" 
Jake said, "Sure..." and got up. Leslie took him by the hand and led 
him out to the dance floor.
	The DJ was playing some rap, hip-hop-type music; Jake never 
paid attention to that kind of thing. As he danced, he watched Leslie. 
She was really getting into the music; her long blonde hair was flying 
around, and her breasts were wiggling inside of the tight T-shirt she 
was wearing. Jake looked at her--she was fairly attractive; a few 
inches shy of Jake's own six-foot stature, she was fairly tall and 
stood out among the rest of the women on the dance floor. Jake started 
to let himself feel the music, and found Leslie teasing him as they 
danced. On some songs, she pressed herself close to him, the tips of 
her breasts lightly brushing against his chest, and her torso grinding 
its way towards him. Jake felt himself starting to respond, and the 
two of them began to come closer together, little by little.
	After a few songs, Jake started to get tired. Leslie noticed 
this, and he steered him back to their table. Cassie looked at them, 
and said, "You two looked like you were having fun..." Leslie said, 
"Yeah, but I think he's getting a little tired." Jake nodded slightly.
	The lights grew dim, and the hip-hop was replaced by something 
with a slower tempo. Cassie said, "This one is all mine...want to 
dance?" Jake thought for a second--he didn't want to give Leslie the 
wrong impression--but Leslie piped up and said, "Go on! You two crazy 
kids have some fun!" Jake sighed, shrugged his jacket off--he was 
still wearing it, which was probably why he tired so quickly--and 
walked with Cassie to the dance floor.
	As he took Cassie in his arms, he said, "Um...I'm not sure how 
to say this...but I think your friend is interested in me." Cassie 
giggled a little, which made Jake say "What? What's so funny?"
	Cassie said, "Nothing...I'll tell you later." She snuggled 
closer to his chest, and her fingernails began playing with the hair 
on the back of his neck. Jake thought, there's something I'm missing 
here...
	When the song ended, Jake looked over to the table where he and 
Ed were sitting. Ed was sitting there with his redhead, and when he 
saw Jake looking at him, he grinned. Jake said, "I need to go talk to 
my friend; I'll be right back." He went over to the table, and Ed 
said, "Hey-HEY, studpuppet! Looks to me like you're doing fine..." 
Jake said, "Yeah, well, there's something strange going on. I've got 
both of them hitting on me, and one of them's named Cassie..."
	Ed interrupted "Yeah, yeah, I'm sure it's all fascinating. 
Here, take your beer and go have some fun." He pushed the bottle and 
glass to Jake. "I'll see you tomorrow morning...maybe..." He smiled at 
the redhead, who winked seductively at Ed. Jake said, "But..." Ed 
said, "Aw, go on! I've got the car, and I don't plan on going home 
directly."
	Jake shrugged, picked up the beer, and went back to the table. 
Cassie and Leslie looked up at him. "Everything okay with your 
friend?" Cassie said. Jake said, "Uh...sure...he'll take the car 
home..." Cassie said, "Excellent! C'mon, let's go dancing! All of us!" 
She got up, and Leslie followed. They hooked their arms in Jake's and 
led him out to the dance floor. The hip-hop had started again, and 
soon all three of them were dancing again.
	Jake looked at the two of them. Cassie's dark curly hair was 
flying, and she was going nuts on the dance floor. She wasn't quite as 
tall as Leslie, but her chest was more developed, and her ass looked 
delicious through the black stretch pants she wore. Neither of them 
was especially drop-dead gorgeous, but he wouldn't kick either of them 
out of bed in the morning... Jake considered that for a second. What 
if both of them wanted to get intense? Who would he choose? He felt 
his pants start to bulge at the thought of going to bed with either of 
them.
	The music slowed again. Cassie and Leslie looked at each other. 
Cassie said, "Well, this one is yours, Leslie." Cassie stepped off of 
the dance floor, and went back to the table. Leslie stepped forward, 
and Jake took her in his arms again. Leslie whispered in his ear, "You 
know, Cassie is quite attracted to you..." Jake's eyes widened. 
"What's going on? Both you and Cassie have been coming on to me." 
Leslie giggled, and said, "Hmmm... that's a secret. One we'll enjoy 
sharing later..."
	Finally, as the night wore on, Jake, Leslie, and Cassie stared 
to get more and more intense. At one point, while Jake and Cassie were 
dancing, Jake felt her hand--which was on his chest--slowly slip down 
and brush against his stiffening cock. At another point, when Leslie 
and Jake were grinding away to some R&B love song, his hands slipped 
down and slowly began squeezing her ass. Leslie cooed softly, and her 
fingernails began tracing intricate designs on his back. At another, 
when all three of them were dancing, Leslie and Cassie sandwiched Jake 
between them, and felt someone's hands--probably belonging to Cassie, 
who was standing behind him--fondling his ass. Jake was getting really 
turned-on by all of this attention--but he was still confused. Which 
one, if either of them, was he going to end up with at the end of the 
night?
	Finally, the bartender announced final call, and the three of 
them were already buzzing from the drinks they had been consuming all 
night. Jake ordered one final beer, while Cassie got a wine spritzer 
and Leslie ordered a Coke. "Got to watch this figure," Leslie teased. 
Jake mumbled something about already watching her figure. "What was 
that?" she said? Jake said, "Uh...nothing..."
	After finishing their drinks--along with another torturous 
round of dancing with Leslie and Cassie--Jake said, "Well, it's about 
closing time. Should be getting ready to leave..." Cassie said, "Was 
that 'I should be getting ready to leave', or 'We should be...'?" 
Leslie chimed in. "Yeah! Do you think you're getting away _that_ 
easily, bucko?"
	Jake sat there for a second. "Listen; all night I've been 
trying to figure out what's been going on. Both of you have been 
coming on to me all night long, and I have to say that I'm really 
confused!"
	Cassie and Leslie stared at each other. "He hasn't figured it 
out!" Jake said, "Hell, no, I haven't figured it out!"
	Leslie said, "Hmmm... I guess we haven't made our intentions 
clear." Cassie said, "Well, I'll tell you what, Jake. We'll drive you 
home, and on the way, we'll explain it to you."
	They left the club, and walked over to the women's car. As they 
drove home, Jake said, "Okay... now what's going on?" Leslie said, 
"No, Jake. Not yet." Every time Jake asked, one or the other rebuffed 
him.
	Finally they pulled up outside Jake's apartment complex. Jake 
got out of the car, and Cassie said, "Well...can we come in?" Jake was 
bewildered. Why the hell not? "Sure...why not..." Cassie parked the 
car, and the two of them got out. They followed Jake around the front, 
and Jake unlocked the door. Sure enough, Ed wasn't home. Jake was used 
to that.
	Leslie asked "So, is your friend here?" Jake said, "No...he's 
probably out with that redhead still..." "Good," Cassie said. Jake 
turned around. He demanded, "All right, will someone PLEASE, for GOD'S 
sake tell me what's going on?!"
	Leslie smiled. "It's very simple. You were right about one 
thing. Both of us were flirting with you." She stepped forward, and 
Cassie took off her coat. Leslie continued.
	"See, we're both fairly attracted to you. But neither of us 
wanted to give up on you. So we decided to let you decide." Jake 
stopped. "Me? What are you talking about?"
	Cassie stepped forward. "Well, we figured whichever of us you 
were more attracted to, would be the one to go home with you. But 
there was only one problem."
	Leslie pulled her coat off as well, and moved closer to Jake. 
"The problem was, you never seemed to favor one of us over the other. 
So we decided, what the hell?"
	Jake was still confused. "What the hell what?"
	Cassie stepped forward, pulled Jake's head forward, and kissed 
him. Jake's eyes widened. Leslie said, "Well, since to don't seem to 
like one of us more than the other, we've decided to share..."

	END OF PART ONE
	COMING SOON: PART TWO - JAKE GETS A CLUE
--
