                               -4-
I stood on the swim platform and looked out over the water,
sparkling brightly in the sun. My mind left what was going in the
cabin and for some reason one of the other few group sex
experiences of my life came back to me.
This seems as good a time as any to recount what had happened in
London some 25 years previously. Judy had a similar figure to
Yvette, that's what probably brought it all back.
Although I had been going out with Sarah quite seriously for well
over a year, I was still seeing, for purely sexual purposes, Karen,
who lived on her own in a bed sit just off the Earl's Court Road.
I would give Karen a ring every four or five weeks and I'd go over
to her place, screw her silly, take her out for a drink and then,
usually go back and screw her again. We really were very good
friends and she was also seeing a very good friend of mine on a
similar basis. It was easy going and very satisfying.
Karen reminds me of a few funny and exciting experiences I had with
her.
My parents were in the habit of spending most weekends down at our
house on the Isle of Wight. There were times when Karen would come
over to my parent's flat, where I was living, and spend the weekend
with me.
One memorable experience with Karen took place, for some reason or
another, in my parent's bedroom and in my Father's bed in
particular.
Karen had a mild thing about feet and she would quite often suck my
toes for quite long periods of time. It was no big thrill for me
but I certainly did not object to her doing this. One Sunday
morning, in my Father's bed, she was down at the end of the bed
sucking my feet. I wasn't really paying too much attention to it
all, as I said, it didn't really do too much for me at all.
The next thing that I was aware of was that Karen had her face
imbedded in the cheeks of my arse and I could feel her literally
sucking my anus and pushing her tongue into it from time to time.
When I got over the initial surprise and, I suppose, shock of this,
I gradually realized just what a fantastic sensation this was.
Karen must have spent twenty or thirty minutes probing my anus with
her tongue and mouth. It was one of the most novel and pleasurable
discoveries I'd made in years! It really felt unbelievably nice.
What an experience that was.
A few week's later one of the funnier experiences occurred. Again
it was a late Sunday morning but this time Karen and I were in my
bed in the flat. I either screwed Karen from behind or with her on
top of me. Karen had a delightful pair of pointed and slightly
conical tits with really nice nipples at their tips. 
They were not huge by any means but they were nice to feel and
watch from below, like when she was being fucked on top of me, as
was the case this morning.
In those days I had the ability to screw away for a good half hour
and more and I quite prided myself on being able to come when it
was mutually required. I had quite considerable control over
myself! 
Karen had been on top of me and my cock had been working it way in
and out of her for about fifteen minutes or so when the phone by my
bed suddenly rang!
It was my Father on the line, phoning from the Isle of Wight. I
said Hello and continued to gently screw Karen, holding the phone
with one hand and kneading her tits with the other. I told my
Father that I was "Fine.." Then he asked me, very specifically it
seemed, what I was doing! I said that I was planning to meet some
friends for a Sunday lunch time drink in a couple of hours. No, he
seemed to want to know what exactly I was doing right then and
there!! He asked me if I was up and dressed and I had to confess
that I wasn't. I suppose I could have said that I was up (Karen)
but no, I wasn't dressed!
By this time Karen had got a good idea as to what the conversation
was all about and why I was obviously having a problem in hiding my
laughter.
To make matters worth she too started to get the giggles,
especially as my cock was still very firmly imbedded inside her and
I was still feeling her tits with my free hand! 
I cannot quite remember exactly how we finished off the telephone
call but I do know it was only by the skin of my teeth that I
didn't burst out laughing. Well, it hardly the funniest thing ever
to have happened, but it was certainly very funny at the time and
I remember it so vividly until this day.
Anyhow, onto the more substantial adventure that Karen and I had in
London all those years ago.
I had been reading various sex contact magazines that had
surreptitiously appeared in London at about that time. 
They made for very erotic reading and I invariably brought myself
off after reading just a few pages of ads. I had written some
rather elaborate and lengthy replies to some of the Ads. I was
answering ads. looking for couples to make up threesomes (with
another girl) or foursomes with another couple. Finally I had a
reply in the form of a phone call from a Frenchman by the name of
Pierre, who lived with his "wife" down in South Kensington.
His ad. had described his wife as having big tits and that she was
French and very sexy. I must admit I'd taken all that with a pinch
of salt. Anyhow, we agreed that I would meet him in a Nearby Pub
and that I'd be carrying a copy of the magazine, Hi-Fi News, so
that he could identify me. Based on that meeting we'd decide
whether or not we'd get together for a foursome.
I was very nervous when I sat down in the Pub, complete with my
copy of Hi-Fi News (it had a yellow cover, as I recall). 
After a while I noticed a shortish fellow come in with a beautiful
girl in tow. She had jet black hair almost down to her waist and
really big, and I mean really big, breasts. She was quite stunning.
All of a sudden, and almost to my horror, I realized that he had
spotted the magazine and they were both headed towards me.
We sat and chatted for quite a while, he Pierre, doing most of the
talking and she, Yvette, saying very little. We agreed that,
together with Karen, we should all try a foursome in a week or two.
I certainly got very excited by this and found it difficult to
think of anything else.
Karen and I duly arrived with, as we had agreed with Pierre, some
booze and our collection of pornography. I had quite a collection
of black and white photos from Soho and Karen had acquired quite a
quantity of color photographs from her MP friend and the notorious
John Bloom of washing machine fame. More about some of Karen's
friends another time.
Yvette was dressed in a low cut black cocktail dress and it looked
as if she'd be wearing stockings and suspender belt. At least
that's what went through my mind as settled down with some drinks
in the lounge of their small upstairs flat. Pierre and I weren't
dressed up particularly. Karen was wearing a white blouse, her see
through bra and a black skirt and tights.
Pierre and Karen sat on a settee while Yvette and I sat on two
chairs that were next to each other. Looking around the coffee
table I noticed that there were a number of editions of a French
"dirty magazine". They looked a few years old, probably late
forties and I actually found them quite erotic even thought they
were not hard core by any means. The girls did not look like models
but they all seemed to have very shapely tits and most were wearing
black stockings, suspenders and not too much else. without
exception they all seemed to have huge amounts of bushy black pubic
hair. Yvette and I spent some time looking through these magazines.
Pierre then asked me if we'd brought any pictures. As I went to get
them so he reached into a bookcase and pulled out some beautifully
bound photo albums, again they looked as if they were quite old.
We divided up our photographs and their albums so that there was an
equal quantity of each with each couple.
Yvette and I started to look through her albums and some of my
photographs, making various comments as we went along about what we
liked in what we saw. They had a collection of turn of the century
photographs which were really very well produced and in excellent
condition.
Many of these photographs featured Pierre's Grandfather, it turned
out. Yvette kept pointing out how very young some of the couples in
Pierre's photographs seemed to be. 
She said that they were no more than 11 or 12 years old, but I
wasn't so sure. She said that the complete lack of pubic hair was
a certain sign that these were just kids. I must admit that some of
the young fellow's pricks seemed to be on the short side and fairly
thin. On the other hand most of the girl's seemed to have fully
developed breasts even if they were, on the whole, pretty hairless.
There were some really beautiful studies in this amazing collection
and I would have given anything to have been able to have something
like that.
There were some pretty bizarre photographs in the old collection
including some male homosexual ones, which although no turn, on
were interesting nevertheless. Old Grandfather must have been
fairly bi-sexual judging by some of the photographs. There was
almost an entire album taken up with very similar poses but with
different people. Except that Grandfather was always in each
photograph, there must have been forty or so in the series, and
doing more or less the same thing in each of them.
They were really strange. In each one he was sodomising a young boy
from behind (I think one or two had very young girls instead). 
In each photograph the young boy would have his face imbedded in
the crotch of a much older woman. This older woman would sometimes
be still semidressed with her skirts pulled right up, legs wide
apart. Most of the women had huge pendulous breasts which were
hanging out of an open blouse and very often the young boy would be
grasping her tits with his outstretched hands.
It seemed to me that Grandfather had spent a small fortune on
arranging for these photographs to be taken. These were probably
some of the strangest, but at the same time most beautifully
produced, pornographic photographs that I have ever seen.
Yvette also showed me a series of black and white photographs that
had been retouched so that it appeared, quite convincingly, that
well known personalities were participating. There was quite a good
one, and prophetic as well, of John Kennedy screwing Marilyn
Monroe.
Karen and Pierre were doing the same thing as Yvette and I were,
jus going through all the pornography that we had between us and
discussing them.
I can't remember the photograph in detail, but at one of them
Yvette remarked that the girls lips were as elongated as her's and
that it was as if "eight men had been sucking on them to make them
bigger". It was an odd remark to say the least. I said that I was
looking forward to seeing for myself and she smiled. I was actually
very nervous about making the first move and was wondering how
things were actually going to get off the ground. Pierre must have
sensed this for he got up and came over and stood behind Yvette
chair.
Murmuring something in her ear in French he proceeded to untie the
straps of her black cocktail dress. 
As he loosened the straps her breasts pulled the dress down to
reveal a considerable amount of cleavage. 
This girl really had a heavy pair of breasts on her, that was for
sure! He quickly scooped up both breasts with his hands and pulled
them up over the top of her dress. She feigned mild embarrassment
as her big breasts were exposed to view.
I glanced over at Karen who was watching intently and who was still
fully dressed, as of course I was and so was Pierre.
They were truly magnificent; large brown nipple areas with quite
prominent nipples sticking out from their centers.
We continued to look at photos for a short while before Yvette
excused herself, saying that she wanted to change.
A few minutes later she appeared wearing a long white negligee,
suspender belt and black stockings. The negligee was very loosely
done up at the front with a cord. her tits and a large black mass
of pubic hair were plainly visible through the material. As she sat
down next to me again the negligee opened up slightly and I had a
clear view of most of her tits and the top of her black mound of
hair between her thighs. This was beginning to be very exciting
indeed.
Over on the other side of the room Pierre had Karen's skirt up
around her waist and was starting to pull her tights down. Before
her tights had got very far his hand was firmly between her legs.
It crossed my mind that there was not much finesse about our friend
Pierre!
Pierre then got up and went across to a cabinet and came back with
a very small whip!! On closer inspection it was hardly a fully
fledged whip. It was a stick about 12 inches long with about half
a dozen foot long lengths of thin string attached to one end. He
was quick to point out that this was more for Karen to use on him
and was not designed to cause anybody any harm or pain. he was
probably right because it didn't look very substantial at all.
Yvette and I watched as Pierre started to get at Karen's shapely
but small tits. Finally he got them out and started kissing them
all over saying that they really were nice etc etc.
Yvette then turned to me and suggested that we went into the
bedroom.
The first thing that I noticed about the bedroom was that there
were huge mirrors above the bed, along one side of the bed as well
as at the head of the bed. I'd never been on a bed surrounded with
mirrors before and I was really looking forward to the experience!
Yvette motioned me to take off my clothes as she slipped out of her
negligee. As I was undressing she started to take her stockings off
but I asked her to keep them on and with a smile she agreed.
The whole situation felt very unnatural and I really didn't have
much of an erection when I got my clothes off. We sat on the bed
and talked for quite a while, mostly about sex and Pierre. I can't
remember too much about the initial conversation at all. As I said,
I really was nervous as hell!
I started to suck her tits and she then said that her left one was
a good deal more sensitive than the other one. 
She wanted them both sucked but said that she'd rather have the
left one worked on when she was ready to come! I do remember in
passing that she said that she didn't like to suck men's cocks and
I was a little bit disappointed to hear that. However she said she
thought that mine was unusually attractive and I then felt that she
might change her mind - which she later did!
I started to push my hand down through her really thick growth of
hair and discovered that she indeed had extremely prominent labial
lips. They really stood out and by this time they were extremely
wet.
We were still talking as this foreplay was starting. I was sucking
her tits and feeling her cunt. She was gently stroking my cock and
my balls.
It sounds silly now, but I did ask her if she was used to a vaginal
or a clitoral orgasm!! She told me that her clitoris was really the
most sensitive part of her body and then came her left breast (the
whole breast as well as the nipple she emphasized). I suggested
that she then probably brought herself off with her fingers in that
case. No, most times apparently Pierre screwed her from behind and
his balls slapping on her clitoris was enough to bring her off. I
said that I liked the feeling of my balls doing that but it needed
to be quite hot for them to hang that low so that they would swing
enough to make the necessary contact! 
Yvette smiled and got and put a fan heater on full blast, it was
actually not that warm in the bedroom. How thoughtful!
After a while I was ready to get inside her. She pulled up a
special pillow which was quite large and firm. She placed under her
bottom so that it lifted her quite a way up from the surface of the
bed. 
This made it quite easy and comfortable to go down on her, which I
did for a few minutes. I then slowly eased my cock into her. As I
did so she gently contracted herself to grip my cock quite tightly.
It really felt good and I was quickly getting over my shyness. With
her on her back her tits spread out quite a bit across her chest
and it was sometimes difficult to get a nipple in my mouth as I was
gently screwing away. I remembered her left breast and started to
give it as much attention as I could. This seemed to be having
results as she started to get quite excited and started to heave
herself a round quite a bit on the pillow. All too soon she gripped
my cock firmly with her inner muscles and I suddenly came into her.
She seemed to come at the same time and we both lay back, relaxed
but not exhausted. We chatted for a bit and I went to the kitchen
to get ourselves a drink.
We talked for ages. Pierre was not her husband at all. he was 47
and a translator at Bush House, working for the BBC Overseas
Service. She was a 23 year old student studying at some college.
She seemed quite critical of Pierre saying that he was always
looking to screw other women at that he kept pestering her fellow
students. 
She claimed that he was very jealous about her doing the same, even
in circumstances such as these! I seemed to remember that we did
make some plans to see each other alone some time. She certainly
wanted to do that. It was clear that she was not altogether
comfortable with this sort of foursome at all.
Pierre and Karen came to look in on us and Pierre was hoping that
we'd be screwing and looked a bit disappointed that we weren't. I
don't think that I could have done a thing with him there and I
certainly didn't want to either. 
They were both naked but it was difficult to see if they'd been up
to much! certainly there were no signs that the little whip had
been used, at least not judging by Karen's bottom.
They left alone again and after a while we started to feel each
other up again. Yvette lay on top of me in a 69 position and
started to take the full length of my cock into her mouth. I
started to lick at her cunt, very slowly and gingerly at first and
then more intently. She had got a full scale erection out of my
cock, even though I'd probably come less than an hour earlier.
I slid out from under her and stood on the floor with her upturned
bottom facing my rigid prick. I started to ram my cock in and out
of her with tremendous energy. She was soon starting to make quite
a noise about and started to move her body in unison with mine.
That used to get me very frustrated as the movement in unison
tended to cancel out my cock's movement. 
The net result was that, all of a sudden, I wasn't really feeling
very much at all. In my efforts to stop her moving I appeared a bit
rough and this seemed to excite her even more. I really was getting
quite angry and finally I slapped her quite hard on her bottom.
"Again, again, encore..." she shrieked! I whacked her bottom quite
a few times and actually found it quite a turn-on, so much so that
I felt just about ready to come. I asked her if she wanted me to
come and she responded by starting to move with my cock again. This
got me annoyed and frustrated again so I gave her quite a few
whacks on the behind and this got her shrieking all over again!
I glanced up at the various mirrors and what a sight that was. 
It gave me a great view of Yvette's contorted face as well as the
spectacular sight of her huge breasts flaying around in all
directions. I noticed that she too was glancing up into the mirrors
every now and then, but she was far too worked up to notice that I
was doing the same thing!
I reached forwards and grabbed her left breast and squeezed her
swollen nipple as hard as I could. She plunged her head deep into
a pillow and let out even more shrieks. She was clearly on the
verge of coming and no sooner had I noticed that then she went into
the most dramatic orgasmic paroxysms that I'd ever seen. I quickly
came myself although I'm not too sure that she even noticed.
Finally we disengaged ourselves and she rolled over onto her back,
covered with sweat, but with a big contented smile on her face.
What a screw, or words to that effect is all that she said.
We were both quite exhausted and dozed off for about half an hour.
When we woke up Yvette went off to fetch some more wine and to wash
herself up a bit. When she was finished in the bathroom I went and
did the same. There seemed to be no sign of life from Karen and
Pierre in the lounge.
We sat on the bed and chatted for what seemed quite a long time. It
was now about 4.30 in the morning, not that it really mattered.
Inevitably, I started to play with her tits again and she started
to stoke my cock back to life. I realized that this wasn't going to
be that energetic and I decided that I'd come again if I could, and
if I couldn't, so what?
Finally, with me lying down on my back, Yvette eased herself onto
my rather limp erection. 
I idly started to knead her tits and she's reach around and feel my
balls from time to time. It was actually very relaxing, if nothing
else!
There was a noise at the door and Pierre came in, carrying his
whip, naked and with virtually no erection at all. He seemed
slightly drunk and came over and started kissing Yvette, who was of
course still on top of me. He kept asking her, in French, whether
or not I was inside her, how far up I was, how good I'd been etc
etc. Now and then he'd fumble around trying to find my cock. I
didn't like this at all and kept myself right inside Yvette. 
This carried on for a bit, with Pierre kissing and muttering away
in Yvette's ear.
I looked up and saw Karen come in, fully dressed. She sat on the
end of the bed and just watched. Pierre went out of the room
briefly and I took the opportunity of withdrawing myself from
Yvette and moving over to Karen's side. When Pierre came back in he
continued standing next to Yvette and reaching down to her tits and
working them over. Then Yvette laid back and while Pierre continued
to caress her breasts, she spread her legs quite a bit.
Karen then perked up and reached forwards and started to caress
Yvette's inner legs and thighs. Yvette seemed to like this as she
opened up her legs even more. Karen then lay down on the bed
between Yvette's legs and started to run her tongue over her feet.
Karen very slowly worked her way up towards Yvette's crotch. This
was becoming very exciting indeed. I knew that Karen wanted to go
with a woman for a long time, and here I was seeing it happen!
Finally Karen got her mouth firmly over Yvette's cunt and was
really going to town on it. 
I must say that neither Yvette nor Pierre really reacted too much
to this latest development.
By this time I found myself with a rigid prick and although I'd
been sitting in such a way that I wasn't exposing myself (to Pierre
that is!) I now felt that I ought to take Karen from the rear.
Karen seemed totally engrossed in Yvette's nether region, kneeling
down in front of her open legs put her bottom in just the right
position for me to move up behind her. 
I quietly shuffled up behind Karen and lifted up her skirt. She
didn't have her tights on, so there was not much between me and
her. I pulled her panties to one side and moved right up behind her
to push my prick quite easily into her. As I started to pump in and
out of her, the edge of her panties was rubbing on the side of my
cock quite hard. It was slightly painful but it didn't really hurt.
It actually gave me an extra sensation which was more than
pleasant.
Within a couple minutes I was off again, thrusting heavily into
Karen's rear end which drove her face even more deeply into Yvette.
Pierre, still not really taking any notice of us, was squeezing
Yvette's tits quite hard and pulling at her nipples. Yvette herself
was watching Karen's head, deep between her thighs and occasionally
she'd grab hold of her and push her head even harder against her.
This was really something!
Within five minutes I had come again and it most certainly was
going to be for the last time.
It was almost six o'clock in the morning when Karen and I got to my
car in the street outside. What an incredible evening it had been.
One which I certainly was not going to forget in a hurry, and I
obviously haven't!

