Archive-name: 3plus/threesum.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Laura


          I've long had a fantasy about seeing my wife have sex
with another, well-hung, man.  Recently, I had the chance to
realize this fantasy.

          My wife, Laura, and I were working out at our gym.  For
about fifteen minutes she and I were the only ones there.  Then,
a young man whom we had never seen there before came in and started
riding one of the exercise bikes while I kept working out at the
bench and Laura went from one Nautilus machine to the other.

          Laura is 29.  She is 5'8", about 120 pounds, brunette.
She has a pretty face with "pouty" lips.  Oh, yes, she is very well
built, measuring 37-23-36.  She was wearing one of those tight
spandex exercise outfits.

          The new member kept glancing at Laura.  I thought his
eyes would pop out of his head when she came to the machine that
works your inner thighs.  This machine was located directly in
front of his stationery bike.  When you use it, you place your
ankles in stirrups that attach to movable platforms.  You then set
the desired weight and open and close your legs as far as you can.
The effect is, to say the least, most inviting when seen from
somebody on the bike!

          The fellow on the bike said nothing, but his cadence
definitely picked up.  This caught my wife's attention.  I don't
think she was aware I could see her because the bench where I was
working out was on the other side of the gym, but in the mirrors
on the wall I saw her cast an appreciative glance in his direction.
This caused me to check him out a little further and I could see
the reason for her admiration.  He was about 23 to 25, about 5'10"
and blonde.  This might have been his first time at this particular
gym, but he was obviously no stranger to others, because he was
very muscular, although slender.

          No one said anything and my wife and I finished our
workouts and headed for our respective locker rooms.  I decided on
a sauna before my shower.  This gave the young man time to finish
his workout and he was getting undressed in the locker room as I
walked back to the locker after my shower.  He introduced himself
as Steve and told me had just moved to the area and this was his
first time at this club.

          In the next moment he did one thing and said another that
nearly blew me off my feet.  First, he removed his jockstrap to
reveal an enormous cock.  His flaccid penis was wider and, at about
8 inches, about three inches longer than mine when I'm erect.
Next, he said, "Did you see that fox working out on the machines?
If all the women who work out here look as good as her, I'm going
to be spending a lot of time here."  Apparently, since we had never
talked while in the gym and since I'm quite a bit older than Laura,
he didn't realize that she was my wife.

          I was only momentarily flustered and for some reason I
realized that this might be the chance to act on my long held
fantasy.  I told him that I knew the woman he was referring to and
that I might be able to give him a memorable welcome to the area.

          Although I had often mentioned my fantasy to my wife, she
had always expressed reluctance to act on it.  However, I could
tell from her reaction to X-rated movies we had watched that she
appreciated a well-built, well-hung stud.  She had often told me
that she would love to have sex with certain porno stars when we
watched those flicks.  Although we would have great sex during and
after the films, I always felt bad that my member was no more that
5" tops although I could get very hard, last forever and make her
climax repeatedly, even though I knew she was probably fantasizing
about her favorite male star from the movie.

          She had also told me that her fantasy was to seduce a
well-built construction worker whom she imagined knocking at our
front door while I was away.  In her fantasy, she told me that he
would be blonde and wearing only tight cut off jeans and a tee-
shirt.

          I told Steve, after recovering from my momentary shock,
that I knew the "fox" he was referring to, that I had had an on
again and off again affair with her and that I was to meet her at
three that afternoon as her husband was out of town and we had
arranged a liaison for then.  I gave Steve our address, told him
I would call and cancel shortly before three and then told him to
arrive at that time.  I told him of Laura's fantasy, advised him
of what to wear and told him the rest would be up to him.

          Laura and I had arrived in separate cars and I told her
when I met her after she came out of the ladies locker that I had
received a call from the office and that an emergency had come up
and I would have to go to work until well after dinner.  She told
me she had some shopping to do and would go home from there.

          Instead of going to the office, I parked my car about a
block from our house, out of view, and beat Laura home.  She and
I have separate walk in closets off of the bedroom and I went into
mine and waited.  Ours is an old house with old style keyholes.
From my closet, I had a great view of the entire bedroom through
the keyhole.

          About 20 minutes later Laura came home.  It was summer
and we have a pool so I guess she decided to do some swimming or
sunbathing after her workout because she took a bikini out of her
bureau.  She had just changed into it and thrown on a light shirt
on top of it when the doorbell rang.  I looked at my watch.  3:00
P.M.!  Could it be Steve?  My heart raced in anticipation as Laura
went down to answer it.  I was surprised to note that my cock was
suddenly throbbing because I didn't know how I would react if my
fantasy were to actually come true.

          In a moment my curiosity was satisfied.  I could tell
from the voice that it was Steve.  He introduced himself and said
he was from the electric company and that he had been sent to check
on some of the wiring on the older houses in the area.

          My wife invited him in.  I of course couldn't see them
but my imagination ran wild as I listened to every word.

          Steve asked, "Say, weren't you at the gym earlier this
afternoon?"

          My wife replied, "Why yes, I noticed you there.  I hadn't
seen you before but I can see you're no stranger to working out."

          I could picture my wife, who like most beautiful women
was not shy, eyeing Steve up and down and pausing at the most
provocative parts.

          Steve replied,  "It looks like you're into exercise
yourself.  It certainly helps you fill out that bathing suit
perfectly.  I'd really like to get to know you better but I'd
better check out the wiring.  Where would you like me to start,
upstairs to down or the other way around?"

          Laura invited him up to the bedroom.  He was dressed as
I had suggested except his tee shirt was cut off to expose the
abdominal muscles.  A nice touch I thought.  The look in her eyes
told me my wife certainly seemed to appreciate it.

          Steve noticed the towel, book, sunglasses and suntan
lotion Laura had left on the bed when she went to answer the door
and he asked if she were going swimming.  My wife said yes and then
said something that made me realize we were both about to realize
our fantasy.

          "Steve," she said, "would you mind helping me with this
lotion before you go to work?"  As she said it she took off the
shirt to reveal the string bikini which was the only thing covering
her gorgeous body.  Her tits left no doubt that she was aroused as
they strained against the bra and the erect nipples clearly showed
through.

          She then lay face down on the bed, unhooked her bra and
asked Steve to apply the lotion to her back.  Steve had his back
to me as he bent over her and eagerly complied with her request.

          As he finished, Steve stood up with his back still toward
my hiding place.  My wife turned over, glanced at Steve's cutoffs
and gasped.  Steve stepped back and I could then see the reason for
my wife's reaction.  Steve's cock was so large and so erect that
it had actually exposed itself by sticking up out of his shorts!
The monster which had caught my attention in the gym was now well
past his navel and was silhouetted against his rippling abdominal
muscles.  None of the studs my wife had admired in those porno
flicks was as well endowed.

          My wife stood, removed her bathing suit, walked over to
Steve, wrapped her arms around him and pressed her eager body
tightly against him, taking care to maximize the pressure of her
tits against his chest.  After a moment of rubbing her head against
his cheek and neck, she pulled her face back slightly while still
maintaining her embrace and said, "Steve, I want you to know I'm
married and I haven't fooled around much on my husband, but without
knowing it you've acted out one of my favorite sexual fantasies and
I'm willing to do anything you want right now if you'll just take
off your clothes."

          It took Steve only seconds to comply.  For the second
time, my wife gasped in admiration as she staggered back a few
steps to take in the entire view.  Erect, Steve must have had 12
inches of cock and it appeared as big around as my wrist.  Unlike
many of the half limp men in porno films, my wife's beautiful body
caused Steve to stand at full rigid attention.  His slender waist
and well-chiseled bodybuilder's physique simply emphasized the
glory of his body for both Laura and myself.  Despite the baring
of my wife's 37" C-cup chest with large areolae and obviously
turned on nipples, I found myself mesmerized and turned on more by
Steve!  I had never had homosexual experiences and few fantasies
in that regard, but I realized that perhaps my voyeuristic fantasy
concerning Laura also concerned unknown longings in myself as well.
In any event, I quietly took out my throbbing cock, but dared not
touch it further knowing that I would come in an instant if I did
so.

          Keeping her promise, Laura sighed, "What do you want me
to do?"

          Steve did not reply verbally.  Instead, he grasped his
hands behind his head in one of those poses bodybuilders use in
competition, flexed his muscles and held that position for a few
seconds.  Then he began extending his pelvis slowly upward and
toward Laura, emphasizing his major asset even more provocatively.
My wife and I stared at this marvel as if hypnotized.

          Then, Steve moved his gaze from Laura down to his cock.
She knew at once what he wanted.  Although my wife rarely engages
in oral sex with my 5 incher, she walked over to Steve and knelt
in front of him.  She grasped his tool by the base (her hand seemed
dwarfed by what it was holding), glanced up at Steve, and said,
"When I said anything, I meant anything."  She then looked
admiringly at the head of his cock for a second before taking the
engorged round red head into her mouth.  Steve's eyes rolled up
into his head as he stood with his hands on his hips and his penis
thrust out being sucked by the sexy creature who had teased him
only hours before in her tights and leotard.

          Laura was inexperienced at oral sex, particularly with
anything of that size, but she knew enough to concentrate on the
head with her tongue rather than try to deep throat a stallion like
this.

          Soon it was clear that Steve was going to climax.  Laura
removed her lips from the giant cock, grasped it with both hands
and rhythmically rubbed up and down on it while staring fixedly at
it only inches from her face.  Her mouth was open in amazement at
what she was seeing and doing and so was mine.  Just as Steve was
about to come, Laura leaned back, thrust out her chest and pointed
her straining boobs straight at the head of the cock of her love
god.  The change in position caught Steve's attention and he
glanced down to see the girl he had fantasized about earlier nude
and in a position of complete submission to him.  Although Steve,
with his assets, had had many women before, none was as beautiful,
sexy and willing to please as Laura.  Although he wanted to hold
out longer, he could not and he shot onto her chest, as she had
desired, in long pulsating arcs of come.

          Now it was Steve's turn to stagger back in admiration.
There was Laura leaning back, sitting on her heels, her legs spread
open revealing her pussy with her eyes closed absentmindedly
rubbing Steve's cream all over her chest as if it were the suntan
lotion he had applied to her back at the time he became aroused.

          Steve spent a few moments catching his breath and then
went over to sit on the bed.  He broke the silence by saying,
"Laura, that was absolutely the best blowjob I've ever had."

          Laura opened her eyes and stood in front of him.  She
leaned over to pick up the towel which still lay on the bed,
dangling her large breasts over him as she did so.  She used the
towel to wipe off the rest of his ejaculant without speaking, but
kept her eyes glued to the limp but still mighty dick in front of
her.  She, of course, had not been satisfied and was still drunk
with desire.

          He finally said, even though he knew of it from his
locker room conversation, "Tell me about that fantasy that I
accidentally fulfilled."

          Laura felt compelled to continue to comply with her offer
to do as he commanded.  "I've often thought of a muscular
construction worker coming to the door while my husband was away
and being seduced by him.  I've even told my husband about it, and
he encouraged me to act it out but I've never had either the nerve
or the opportunity to do it before.  I guess I shouldn't have been
surprised at my husband's encouragement, because he says he wants
to see me do it with another man.  Anyway, when I felt your hands
applying the lotion I started to feel braver and thought I might
do it, but when I saw the power of that cock of yours, I knew I
would have to do it."

          She then surprised me with what she said next.  "Steve,
this is the most unbelievable day of my life.  I've never seen a
cock or a nude body like yours.  If you'll fuck me and if you're
good at it, I'll be yours whenever you want.  I'll be your slave,
I'll do whatever you want.  I'll even procure other women for you
if you want.  If you'd like, I'll act out my husband's fantasy with
you.  Anything, you want, JUST FUCK ME NOW," she shouted.

          The complete surrender and incessant sexiness of my wife
had Steve's prodigious prick at full attention again.  He
positioned himself on his back in the center of the bed and invited
my wife to take him.  She straddled him and took his cock in one
hand, used the other to support herself and rubbed the head of his
dick on her clit and pussy.  In seconds she was coming.  She then
took as much of the giant tool as she wanted into her pussy and she
came in orgasm after orgasm.  Since he had already come, he was
able to last seemingly indefinitely.  I had never seen Laura or any
other woman enjoy sex so much.  She alternately, laughed, cried and
screamed "Yes, Yes" in utter abandon.

          I could stand it no longer.  Prick in hand I burst out
of the hiding place and jerked off to the sight in front of me.
Through eyes half-closed with ultimate lust my wife just looked at
me and continued coming.  She watched me come and then simply
continued with Steve.  Steve was startled to see me, but when he
saw my fist pumping my five incher, he understood at once and
thrust his pelvis in time to Laura.  Finally, the sight and feel
of my wife was too much for him and I watched him climax for the
second time that day.

          Fully satisfied, Laura rolled over next to Steve and
looked up at me.  She was the first of the two on the bed to grasp
that I had set this up.  She grinned at me in realization and asked
if I had seen and heard everything.

          When I told her I had, she turned serious and said,
"Honey, I meant it when I said I would be Steve's sex slave if he
fucked me and I was satisfied.  He did and I was, as you know.  I
want to have him again and again if he'll have me.  I've never seen
or had anything like this.  I know about your fantasy and it looks
as though we've both been fulfilled.  I'll stay with you, but would
you have any objections if I kept my word with this stud?"

          I could hardly believe it was my words coming out of my
mouth when I replied.  "I'll let you do it on these conditions.
First, you did it again now while I watch.  Second, before Steve
comes, I get a chance to suck him.  Third, I also want to be
Steve's slave and get other women for him or do whatever else he
wishes."

          Steve and Laura glanced at each other and readily agreed.
Steve was amazing.  He was hard again in minutes and he took Laura
to the same dizzying heights as before.  However, after she had
climaxed, he ordered her off of him and told me it was my turn to
get condition 2 fulfilled.  For the first time in my life, I took
another man's cock in my hand - and what a cock it was.  Then I
opened my mouth as wide as I could and sucked him as Laura had
before.  He was enjoying this but I glanced up once and saw that
he was enjoying watching my wife masturbate even more.  Seeing he
was more interested in Laura and having satisfied my curiosity, I
stopped sucking and motioned Laura to come and take my place.  She
gladly did so, bringing him to climax in her mouth this time.  Once
again I had to come while watching.

          Spent but still an Adonis, Steve lay back on the bed,
while Laura and I simply caught our breath and stared at this man
who had so transformed our lives in a matter of hours.  Steve
looked at me and said, "That was quite some welcome you gave me.
I'll be glad to have you two as slaves, but I have a condition.
I want you to get other women for me, I don't care who as long as
I find them attractive, and until you do, neither of you can have
me again.  Then, after I have each one, we can have another session
like this which will be it for your having me until you get another
acceptable woman.  How's that?  It is take it or leave it because
as you can guess I can get all the women I want on my own, this
just adds to the sport."  I readily agreed.

          Then he turning toward Laura he said, "Did you really
mean it when you said you'd be my sex slave?"

          "Of course," she replied.

          "Good, because as you can guess, I'm not really a
construction worker.  I make my living from sex and I want to add
you to my stable of prostitutes.  We'll split your earnings fifty-
fifty, which will be quite lucrative for both of us."  Sensing that
this might be upsetting to me, he added, "We'll arrange for a one
way mirror set up so your husband can watch if he wants while
you're doing it with your customers."

          Steve was a sexual genius.  Laura and I agreed to his
conditions and our sex life couldn't be better.

--
