Threesome on the water.
                               -1-
Judy was 39 years old, about five foot six tall (I guess) and,
apart from the size of her breasts, rather slightly built. She was
no raving beauty but there was something about her that was both
sexy and attractive. There was an unmistakable allure about her. 
She'd been married at a very early age and had had a child that had
since been adopted. She got divorced some years ago and had been
enjoying her new found single status ever since then.
It was Pauline who really got to know Judy I realized from quite an
early stage that they really got on very well together. They didn't
really see that much of each other but when they did get together
they really seemed to have a good time. I think they managed to
talk about just all there was to talk about over the few years they
had known each other. 
Of course I too would see Judy when she visited. Quite a few times
we'd all go out together. I always did like her a lot. She was just
a very pleasant and natural person. Even though, for whatever
reason, we didn't talk about her a lot, when we did it was very
warmly. I must admit that I thought she really had a very
attractive pair of breasts and that I'd think about them from time
to time! 
They were not huge, but they were, shall we say prominent and
memorable! Come to think about it, when Pauline and did talk about
Judy it was actually more often than not about her breasts. 


Pauline likes attractive breasts in women a lot and Judy's breasts
fitted the bill very well! We would often start talking about some
mutual acquaintance's breasts and in no time at all the con-
versation would have us both well away! We both have very similar
tastes in breasts!
Pauline had apparently spoken to Judy from time to time about some
broader aspects of sex and, just a few times, very casually, about
threesomes. These conversations led from one thing to another and
I think that Pauline must have suggested outright that she might
like to have sex with the two of us. 
In any event, Pauline announced that Judy wanted to come out in the
boat with us for a weekend and that she seemed quite keen on
having, or at least trying, a threesome. I suggested that it might
be a good idea for Pauline to pin her down on that point so that
there would be no unfortunate misunderstandings once we were all
afloat. Pauline came back with the news that, yes, Judy wanted both
of us!
Judy came on board wearing shorts and a vest through which I
couldn't help noticing that her slightly pendulous breasts were
swinging quite freely. I greeted her with a light kiss, as I
usually did and purposefully gave her quite a hug around her waist,
pulling her towards me ever so slightly. 
It really could have been a perfectly normal greeting to someone I
knew quite well, but there was just that little bit of extra effort
on my part. Judy immediately sensed this and gave me a quick and
very direct look which told me everything I wanted to know! There
didn't seem to be any misunderstanding whatsoever!

The girls went down into the cabin to stow things away and Pauline
was showing her were everything was. I didn't notice any references
being made to the bunk out in the main cabin that guests normally
would use.
As it was just a little bit chilly, Pauline was wearing her striped
shirt which I've always liked. Underneath this shirt she was no
doubt wearing one of those transparent and rather full bras that
she'd bought a few years earlier and which had proved to be an
instant turn on for me on many occasions. 
Pauline's tits really turn me on, even after all these years I find
them as sexy as the very first time I saw them. I don't know quite
what it is about them. They always look the right size and her
nipples are quick to respond to any stimulation. She'd let her
pubic hairs grow over her bikini line, now that summer was almost
gone. 
After a while we were ready to cast off. Pauline handled the ropes
up forward as usual - we'd long since learnt that it was unwise to
let guests "help" during these trying maneuvers. As we passed under
the Key bridge, the sea got somewhat rougher.  
By the time we turned down the Craighall Channel, towards the mouth
of the Magothy, it was really getting quite wet. We took a few
waves over the windshield and we all got quite a drenching. The
water wasn't quite as cold as one would have thought, so there was
no need for anyone to put on any more clothes, and after all, we
were already soaked to skin so we couldn't have got any wetter. I
looked across at Judy and saw that her thin vest was now
transparent and clinging to her tits. As she turned slightly I
could see the outline of her nipple area; I was surprised as to how
large and dark they were, almost two inches in diameter I would
have guessed. Pauline saw me look and took a quick look herself
before turning to me and said "Judy's got quite a pair,,haven't you
Judy?" Judy blushed, just for an instant, and then pulled her top
down slightly and stuck her chest out saying "Yeah,there not a bad
pair of boobs at all" 
Another boat came past us and our attention was diverted! Later
that afternoon I found an anchorage that I knew to be particularly
secluded. Pauline and I did all the various chores that need to be
done soon after anchoring. I did notice that Pauline seemed to
spend quite a long time in the forward cabin and assumed that she
was probably making some suitable arrangements for activities that
were bound to take place in there much later on.
After everything was shipshape we all lazed around in the very hot
afternoon sun. Judy suddenly said "You don't mind if I go topless
do you?". 
I was quick enough to say something before she took her top off -
I really wanted to make the most of seeing her tits for the first
time. I glanced over to Pauline and I could tell that she felt
relieved that I'd stopped Judy in time! I knew that Pauline was as
excited at seeing Judy's tits as I was. I was also looking forward
to seeing these two women playing with each others tits as well. In
actual fact Pauline may have been keener to have her own tits
sucked and massaged as she was in doing the same to Judy, I wasn't
really sure!
"Look Judy ,", I said. "We're both really looking forward to seeing
those breasts of yours and I think we should save it for a while
longer......after all, it's still early!". Judy .smiled knowingly
at both of us and then said. "I just thought I'd like to get some
sun on them". 
I suggested that she went down into the cabin and put on a really
small bra and that then she'd get a tan while still keeping up the
mystery of those great tits of hers. She then suggested that she
borrowed one of Pauline's bikini tops and Pauline said that she
thought one of her smaller bras would be a lot sexier. 
Judy thought about this for a moment or two, during which time I
think that she got a good grasp of the whole idea. "O.K." she said
and disappeared down below. A while later she made her appearance,
and what an appearance it was! She skillfully put on one of Pauline
's white bras (one of her heavy duty ones!) so that they covered
about half of her well oiled breasts by volume, and in such a way
as to create a terrific cleavage. 
I must admit that my first thought was what it would have been like
(although I'd probably find out soon enough!) to push my cock in
and out between those shining and very slippery looking tits. Both
Pauline and I made some very appreciative noises as she came up out
of the cabin. Judy went and sat on the aft bench in the cockpit and
started taking in the sun; face leaning back with her eyes closed.
Pauline and I spent quite a few minutes looking at her before
turning to each other with a knowing smile. 
Judy's breasts were not huge, in fact they were only somewhat
larger than Pauline's, but they certainly had a very full shape
that was very appealing to both of us. I looked at Pauline and
indicated that her's weren't bad either - I think she appreciated
that! A really nice old sailing sloop in the distance diverted our
attention for quite a while. 

When we looked back at Judy she seemed to have gone off to sleep.
Her right hand had slid under the top edge of her bikini pants and
had pulled them down very slightly. Her pants had been pulled down
just enough to reveal a rather prominent tuft of very black and
very thick pubic hair. This was quite a sight! Pauline and looked
at each other and smiled, knowingly, at each other. We then noticed
that Judy's fingers were actually reaching quite far down into her
panties and we could see that her fingers were very slowly
massaging what lay beneath them. 
Judy seemed to be working herself into quite a state in her
semi-awake condition, judging by the contortions appearing on her
face. 
I noticed that the sun tan lotion had soaked into the material of
the bra and that, once again, we were seeing the shadow of her
large nipple area. This time her nipples themselves were beginning
to become more and more prominent. This really was getting very
exciting - for all of us! Judy clearly was off in her own world and
it would have been very interesting to know what fantasies were
going through her mind! 
Suddenly Judy's hand plunged much further down into her pants and
it was quite obvious that she'd put some fingers right up into her
cunt. Just as I was calling out "Hey Judy , you're getting ahead of
us all - slow down!!" Judy suddenly stiffened and let out quite a
load groan. As she did that she seemed to come to and suddenly
realized what she'd been doing with herself and what I'd just said.
She pulled herself together very quickly and said "Hey, you guys,
don't worry, I'm only just getting going!.....God, I haven't felt
so horny in a long time".
Pauline went and got us all a Coke and we sat around for a bit not
saying very much. After a while she suddenly asked "Hey, what do
you guys really want to do with me? Oh, and Pauline, are you really
going to let Chris fuck me?" we didn't answer for a moment and
before we had a chance to she continued. "Hey, why don't you guys
just do what you want to do, but don't hurt me will you, at least
not to much, I don't mind being a bit submissive but there's a
limit". "
I'll let Chris decide if he wants to,..er, well you know". said
Pauline "I think we just all want to have a good time" said I, not
quite knowing what the next move should be. My cock was beginning
to get rather hard and uncomfortable in my shorts. Just as I was
becoming aware of that, Judy spotted the situation and cried out
"Hey Chris, why don't you let it all hang out? Why be
uncomfortable?".I really wasn't too sure how to react to that
suggestion, luckily though Pauline came to the rescue, as she so
often does. "Yes come on, let's see if it's a "real one"" she said.
"Yeah, let's see if you're circumscribed (sic) - no hold on, let me
guess! Stand up so I can see it's outline!". 
I duly stood up and my cock, which was now pointing straight up in
my pants was straining against the material of my shorts - I
thought for a moment that the head of my cock was going to poke up
above the waistband of my shorts!"OK lets have a good look here
now" said Judy as she moved off the aft bench and came and kneeled
on the cockpit(!) floor in front of me.
As she was kneeling in front of me I looked down into the one of
the sexiest cleavages I'd seen for a long time and that just made
my cock strain even harder against the material of my shorts."Well,
I really don't know......" Judy was saying. 
At the same time Pauline had got up and was standing behind Judy
ready do something, but I wasn't sure quite what. "Well,....there's
only one way to find out" Judy said, then turned to Pauline and
asked "Is it OK if I have a look for myself?" 
She very slowly grasped the waistband of my shorts and started to
pull them down , very, very slowly.As Judy was starting to slowly
lower my shorts, so Pauline unclasped Judy's bra and very slowly
let the weight of her breasts pull the bra downwards. Pauline still
kept hold of each clasp of the bra so that Judy's breasts were
still not exposed; this did however change the perspective of her
cleavage quite a bit. 
As my cock was just about to appear over the top of my shorts so
Pauline let go of Judy's bra and I quickly removed it from her
upper body. From where I was I could only see the tops of her
breasts. 
Just then we all became aware of the sound of an approaching
helicopter and it seemed to be flying very low and by the sound of
things it was obviously coming our way! 
Quick as a flash, I pulled my shorts right up while Pauline helped
Judy quickly fasten her bra. It appeared that a small speedboat
nearby, that we'd never even noticed, was in some sort of distress
and had somehow summoned the helicopter. The helicopter hovered
around, quite close to us and the other boat. 
A can of gas the appeared on the end of a rope from the helicopter
and it slowly began being lowered to waiting small boat below. I
reached for the binoculars to watch the proceedings more closely.
On focussing on the small boat I noticed that there was a rather
plump middle aged woman wearing a bikini.
This in itself was quiet unusual, here in the States. Her husband,
or boyfriend seemed quite a bit older and not very agile. They were
both trying to reach for the can of gas, even though it was still
more than twenty feet above them. The woman seemed to be trying to
jump up towards the gas can, in a series of frustrated little hops.

As she was hoping up and down I noticed that she had an enormous
pair of apparently very shapely breasts. Her bra top was
desperately trying to keep pace with her bouncing tits and it
looked as though we'd all see her breasts exposed at any second.
Totally futile as her attempts were, they certainly put a different
perspective on the whole amazing episode that was taking place not
fifty feet from where we were. 
All of a sudden the woman's massive tits burst forth from her
hopelessly out distanced bikini top. As with other heavily built
older women with big breasts, that I'd seen in my lifetime, her
nipples turned out to be uncharacteristically small, even though
they were quite prominent. That did not deter too much from this
amazing sight, however! It took her a couple of seconds to fully
realize exactly what had happened. 
It was then that we realized that these two had been obviously
drinking quite heavily - which explained this rather odd behavior.
The man, on seeing his wife's exposed tits burst out laughing, he
really was beside himself. The woman started to laugh as well and,
totally oblivious of us and the helicopter, reached for the man's
swimming trunks.
She managed to pull them down to below his knees. The older man
staggered around for a few seconds before slowly collapsing onto
the cockpit floor of the boat. 
As he sank out of sight he reached for the woman's bikini bottom
and managed to pull them right down as he disappeared. He exposed
a mass of, what I could see through the binoculars, was totally
bleached pubic hairs. Pauline and Judy were now shrieking with
laughter and I think we'd all forgotten about what we were all up
to when this crazy episode began.
At this time the gas can appeared to be just about over the boat.
the pilot carefully lowered the can into the boat, dropped the line
and roared off back to the shore.
There was no sign of life on board the little boat and it occurred
to me that the couple might be having a quick one on the
floorboards, before refuelling! The boat seemed to be drifting away
from us now and it looked as if this little performance was finally
over.
A while later I noticed that the man was, somewhat unsteadily,
managing to refuel the boat. Shortly after that we heard them start
up and move off. they disappeared in the distance a couple of
minutes later.
Judy went and poured herself a drink and Pauline and I had some
coffee. We spent the time before dinner talking and laughing about
the whole crazy episode. I noted that the sexual connotations of
the whole event were quite appropriate and the two girls agreed.
It was a really unusual dinner. We all sat around the small table
in the cockpit and, as we'd agreed upon a short while earlier,
decided to simply talk about sex. We'd agreed that it would be a
good idea to talk about our various fantasies, likes and dislikes
beforehand as it would make things a lot easier all around.
