                               -5-
A passing speedboat brought me back to the present with a bit of a
jolt. Not that I minded, the present looked like being very
interesting indeed! I turned towards the cabin wondering what I'd
find.
I found Judy and Pauline pretty much as I'd left them and it was
obvious that they'd been deep in conversation about something or
another. Judy was on the bunk resting on one elbow with one breast
hanging out from her negligee and she was idly running a finger
across her nipple. Pauline had taken her bikini top off and was
cradling her breasts in her arms.
I was naked as I came into the cabin and for a moment felt slightly
embarrassed, I can't think why, but still. I sat down between them
and asked them what was on the menu, so to speak. Judy remarked,
rather curtly, that she thought I'd wanted to come on her boobs, as
she called them. How embarrassing; in all my daydreaming I'd
forgotten about that! "And Pauline was going to use the vibrators
on me, weren't you Pauline?". "Yes, of course...."replied Pauline.
Judy got up and reached across to the galley area for something.
Both breasts fell forward out of her negligee and moved around in
the way that only heavy, slightly pendulous breasts can. As she was
leaning across I just marvelled at the sight, it was both beautiful
and highly erotic. 
I could see that Pauline was watching exactly the same thing I was
I sure that she was appreciating the sight as much as I was.

I reached across and, gathering part of Judy's open negligee in the
palm of my hand, rubbed her breasts through the thin  nylon
material. Her fairly erect nipples felt out of this world through
the nylon. She stayed as she was, leaning across to the sink, her
breasts hanging down and swaying slightly with the movement of the
boat.
I glanced across at Pauline and motioned to Judy's bottom,
suggesting that she might like to "give it a feel", so to speak!
She got the message but indicated that she would, but not right
away.
I stood up and moved around so that I could feel both of Judy's
breast through the thin material.
Her breasts were about level with my cock. I moved closer so that
my cock was nuzzling the thin material at the side of  her breasts.
I then took my cock in one hand and started to rub it against the
side of her left breast and Judy seemed to like what she was
feeling. I started to pump my cock against her so that her breast
began to be gently bounced off the head of my cock, still through
the thin nylon of her negligee. Already I was beginning to oooze
some fluid onto the material. It was hot, so my balls were also
moving around quite a bit; this was really beginning to feel good.
"God, I love this, but let's make it a bit more comfortable". 
"Hey, what's happened to you Pauline?" gasped Judy. "Don't worry,
I'm still here" said Pauline.
I moved to the cockpit end of the bunk and Judy kneeled across me
so that her tits were hanging just above my cock. 
She had to support herself by holding onto the wooden handle next
to the cabin entrance, but she seemed comfortable enough.
One of her breasts had swung totally clear of her negligee, the
other was still partially covered. Started to pump my cock against
one breast and then the other, concentrating mainly on the area of
the nipples. I would alternate between just touching her with my
strokes to pummeling her breasts fairly hard.
Suddenly I heard the buzz of a vibrator and looked across to see
Pauline adjusting it to it's lowest speed. "That sounds good!" said
Judy. I saw Pauline aim it, rather gingerly, towards Judy's cunt
which was must have been looking right at her! I felt Judy stiffen
as Pauline entered her with the full length of this rubber cock.
The back end of the vibrator had a sort of curved ridge that was
designed to stimulate the clitoris and I guessed that Pauline was
going to use that part of the device to it's full effect.
At first Pauline slowly moved it slowly in and out and the
gradually built up speed. Every minute or so she'd keep it all the
way in and would press the ridge against Judy's clitoris area. I
could certainly feel the effect that this last little manoeuvre was
having on Judy; she clenched  all her muscles, grabbed at her
breasts, and my cock.
Meanwhile I was still pummeling away at her hanging breasts and
loving every minute of it. 
After some more minutes Judy cried out "What about the other one,
put the other one in as well Pauline!" Pauline duly picked up the
other one, which was very slightly thinner, and started to insert
it in the same orifice as the bigger one. "Oh God" said Judy. 
"I was expecting you to put that one up my ass, but....well, I'll
try both of them up my pussy".
Pauline gently eased the second dildo, for that it what they are
called, into Judy's cunt. She turned up the speed of the first one
to full bore and switched on the second one as well. Judy got
beside herself and started to thrash around even more. She came
twice in quick succession and the second one produced a spurt of
pee that splashed all over Pauline. I saw Pauline rub some of it
over her own breasts, noting that her nipples were protruding a lot
more than I'd seen in a long while. She then moved her hand down to
her lower belly and started to rub herself quite vigorously.
I was close to the point of coming and had to make a conscious
effort not to. I started to think about the fuel situation on the
boat and a few more other mundane things, to try and keep myself
from spurting all over these bouncing tits! I did actually think
that I ought to give my Wife a bit of attention and was thinking
about how best to do that. Clearly Judy was on the last round of
her orgasms and I thought I'd wait for a minute or two before I
made a move. 
Pauline started to pump the teo dildos in and out of Judy with
increased speed and vigour and Judy responded accordingly. With one
almighty wail she launched into her final orgasms, spurting another
gush of pee all over Pauline's wet breasts. With that she collapsed
her torso onto my cock and went all limp. Judy that is, not my
cock!
I slowly extricated myself from under Judy's body and moved over to
Pauline. She crouched on the edge of the bunk and presented her
bottom to my prick. her cunt lips were wide open and I could just
about see right into her. I actually got my cock right into her
without any guidance whatsover, I just poked it straight in and
rammed it all the way up! As I started to thrust away Pauline
clutched at her clitoral area with one hand and begun squeezing one
of her nipples with the other. I noticed some KY jelly on the shelf
and grabbed the tube, took the top off with my teeth and squeezed
a dollop of it on Pauline's anus. I worked a finger and then my
thumb inot her arsehole and I could see that this pleasantly
surprised her.
I had very rarely succeeded in anal sex with Pauline; although in
one of our very early love making sessions I'd put my cock up her
arse without me even knowing that I had!. It went in so easily that
I thought later that she may have been used to regular anal sex
before. Subsequent attempts weren't that easy and I concluded that
she may have got out of practice! Anyway, I thought that, with this
still rock hard erection of mine and Pauline's highly aroused
state, I'd give it a try.
I paced myself so that I'd be able to come after just a few anal
strokes. In the meantime I prepared the way by squirting some KY
jelly right into her and kept working with my thumb. 
The time came when I felt ready and quickly pulled my cock out,
pulled my thumb out and, rather roughly, just rammed my cock as far
as it would go, right up her. She gasped and there was a muffled
shriek. Judy noticed what was happening and slid herself underneath
Pauline breasts and pressed her face hard into them. After about
six strokes or so I shot my load with such a force that I thought
my balls would follow my semen!! Pauline came at just about the
same time; she collapsed onto Judy and I collapsed onto Pauline's
back. 
My cock slid out of Pauline's anus and we were one big hot and wet
human sandwich in that small hot cabin. Wow!
When we all came to, we decided that a wash off th swim platform
would be a good idea. We were moored up a small creek, miles from
anywhere, so we wouldn't be seen - that was for sure.
We all sat on the platform with our feet in the water and soaped
ourselves off. I glanced across at Pauline and saw her soaping her
breasts. I looked at Judy and she was attending to her's as well.
I guess that I wasn't too surprised to feel my prick start to grow.
Large breasts, soap and water seem to have that effect on me!
Both women saw the effect at the same time and both leant over in
turn so that their soapy nipples brushed the end of my cock. They
continued to do this as I slowly started to pump by cock up against
each breast as they swung over in turn.
In about 30 seconds I had come and the girls proceeded to wash off
the semen with soap and water. I never thought that I'd manage to
come again, and I certainly hadn't even planned to try - I guess
that's why I did.




