                               -3-
Pauline had prepared the forward bunk for just about anything that
might happen. She showed me what "supplies" were on hand. I think
that she must have also shown Judy what was available as well.
There was a tube of XY jelly, a bottle of baby oil, a solid dildo
as well as a smaller vibrator (AND spare batteries!!). There was
also a pack of condoms (for safer sex with strangers) and two or
three small towels. The undersheet had a layer of plastic sheeting
under it to protect the bunk mattress. There was also a roll of
rather thick yarn, for anyone tie up anyone who wanted to be tied
up!
After dinner we sat around and talked about this and that; about
the boat and about the bay. It was all very relaxed and gave no
hint as to what had taken place a while earlier nor about what was
doubtless yet to come. It was about ten o'clock when we all seemed
to start yawning at the same time - I guess the time had come for
some more activity! Actually I do really think that we were all
getting a bit tired, it had all been a physical and an emotional
strain, I guess. 
Without too much further ado we all started to undress ourselves
and headed for the forward bunk. Obviously there was no need to ask
Judy if she wanted to loin us in our bed! Neither did she choose to
ask either!
There was the most incredibly relaxed feeling between the three of
us - just a very warm and very relaxed feeling that really felt
very good. 
I sensed that I wasn't the only one that was feeling like this. We
didn't really say very much once we settled down in the forward bunk.
I was sitting with my back to the bow, right up in the vee of the
berth. Judy & Pauline lay on either side of my outstretched legs,
with their heads slightly propped up by pillows. There was a full
moon and it shone through the forward hatch onto the two women; it
really was a very beautiful sight. Pauline had rubbed some cream on
her breasts to ease a slight sun burn and it made her breasts
really glisten in the moonlight. That was quite a sight in itself
and the fact that there were three of us was really a bonus.
Judy 's breasts looked quite swollen and her dark nipples really
seemed to stand out quite prominently. I wondered if perhaps she
was getting herself aroused again. Her left hand was resting on her
lower belly but yet well clear of her very thick and dark bush of
pubic hair that darkened the area between her slightly parted
thighs. I thought that I could detect a couple of swollen lips
protruding from the midst of that thick, wiry hair; I couldn't be
sure.
Pauline , as she often does, had her hand covering her crotch and,
although I couldn't see any movement, I was pretty sure that she
was gently feeling herself. I've always liked seeing Pauline do
that, although I guess that most of the time she is simply resting
her hand in her crotch. I also like her holding her lips apart
while I'm pushing my tongue into her. 
I have often wanted to ask her to put a couple of her fingers up
into her cunt, but for some reason I don't think that I have.
Pauline then idly put her left leg inside mine and started to
gently knead my semi erect prick and balls with her foot. I started
to move my prick by using some obscure muscles down there, it was
a little trick, and on seeing this Judy let out a slight chuckle.
After a while Pauline moved her foot away. Judy then moved her leg
over in between mine and started doing the same thing as Pauline
had been doing. My cock was beginning to rise up and get quite
hard.
I moved each of my feet in between the two women's thighs and
started to gently feel for their lips with my toes. At first I
hardly touched them, merely brushing my toes through their hair. I
could feel that Judy 's pubes were really wiry and I found this to
be quite a turn on. My cock was really getting to be hard as a
rock.
I pushed my big toe quite firmly against Pauline 's clitoris and I
could feel that she was really liking that a lot. I pushed a little
harder and she started to moan quietly with pleasure. The sound
caught Judy 's attention.
"Hey, you seem to be getting hot", she said as she put a hand on
Pauline's shoulder in an innocently and friendly way. She rubbed
her hand on Pauline's shoulder for a minute or so before whispering
to her. 
"Would you like some more oil on you, you don't want that nice tan
to start peeling do you?". Pauline hesitated for a moment and I
said "That's probably a good idea, prevention is better than cure,
that's what I always say!" Pauline then murmured a "yes", of sorts.
Judy then stretched forward, almost to the front part of the vee
bunk, in order to reach the oil. I watched her full and pendulous
breasts swing forward as she leant towards the shelf. God they look
magnificent I thought to myself. Judy seemed to be rummaging around
for the oil for quite a while, her breasts swinging from side to
side as she did so. I lifted my right hand and lightly caught her
nipples against the palm of my hand as they swung back and forth. 
That really felt fantastic and I could feel my cock rise still
further and I stroked it gently with my other hand. I didn't try
and grab her breasts or knead them, or anything, I just kept a very
light touch against first one nipple and then the other.
Judy clenched the side of the shelf very hard with both of her
hands - this was obviously really turning her on. She suddenly
shouted out "Christ...... that feels out of this world!!!... She
may have actually come, at least somewhat...she suddenly relaxed
her grip on the shelf and, bottle of oil in hand, fell back against
her pillow.
"My God, that really felt terrific, my tits haven't set me off like
that for a long time....Thanks!!!"
Judy put a good amount of oil on one hand and started to rub it
onto Pauline's left shoulder. 
She then reached across to start putting some on her right shoulder
and that was even more awkward as she was using her right hand.
"Here, you'd better move your back around towards me so that I
don't get any of this on the bunk." said Judy Without hesitating
Pauline moved around and so did Judy , so that they were just about
lying across the bunk, Judy with her back against the padded shelf
that ran right around the bunk and Pauline with her back resting on
Judy's large breasts.
Judy put some oil on each hand and started to rub it into each of
Pauline's shoulders and on down her arms. She was massaging it in
very slowly and purposefully, taking her time. I could see that P
hunched her shoulder together and forwards and this pushed her
breasts together and made them really noticeable in the moonlight,
which was still as bright as ever. 
In fact the moon seemed to illuminating the cabin very well, I
reckon one could have easily read a newspaper.
Judy obviously noticed this and said "You really have the nicest
boobs I've seen for a long time...., you really have". Then,
turning to me "Hasn't Pauline got the most gorgeous boobs?" I said
that I was certainly aware of that!
Judy the started to knead the oil onto Pauline's breasts, starting
around the nipples and ....., well she pretty much concentrated on
her nipples; now and then she'd make a wider circle with her hands
and once or twice she lift Pauline's tit's right up. 
She put more and more oil on until they really glistened. I could
see that her nipples were really extended, much more than I'd ever
noticed before.
Then I noticed that Pauline was moving her back from side to side
quite a bit and in doing so was massaging Judy's breasts as well.
I could see and hear that they really were making each other feel
pretty good and that neither of them were in the slightest way
embarrassed by what they were doing. This was really nice to watch,
from many points of view.
Pauline then reached down further into her crotch and most of her
fingers seemed to disappear. "Good God," I thought, "she really is
putting her fingers right up inside her!" I watched for quite a
while as Pauline was obviously helping to make herself feel pretty
good. I must admit I didn't find it as exciting as I'd imagined I
would, but that was probably because watching Pauline's breasts
being massaged and watching her squirming against Judy's large tits
was enough of a turn-on for the moment.
Pauline was making no secret of what she was doing to herself, on
the contrary, she started to make some pretty loud sighing noises.
Judy continued to massage with one hand. She managed to stretch
forward enough to put her fingers on Pauline's busy hand. Pauline
paused and withdrew her fingers from herself
By now I felt that it was about time that I started to contribute
a lot more than I had for these last ten minutes or so. 
The two women must have had the same thoughts as they glanced over
and noticed that I was nursing quite a stiff erection with one
hand.
They both moved up the bunk and on either side of me. I suddenly
felt four squashed breasts against my chest and a couple of
different hands around my cock and balls. The breasts were moved
from side to side and my cock was being quite methodically stroked.
Judy then moved down to my cock and took it in her mouth, deep into
her mouth while she gently ran her finger tips down the inside of
my thighs and across my balls.
Pauline thrust one of her breasts up to my lips and I lightly
licked her nipple until I finally took her nipple right into my
mouth and sucked on it.
Judy was doing such a good job that once or twice I thought that I
was going to come into her mouth.
I moved down the bunk and Pauline straddled over my face. I started
to push my tongue deep into Pauline 's cunt and then started to
flick the tip of my tongue over her clitoris. As I did this she was
spreading her lips with one hand and kneading a nipple with the other.
I glanced down my side towards Judy and noticed that she'd shifted
her bottom up towards me, although she was working on my cock as
enthusiastically as ever.
In the bright moonlight I could just make out that her thick pubic
hair extended around to her bottom and I could see wisps of it
between the generous cheeks of her bottom. That was quite a turn
on! 
I reached towards Judy's extended bottom and slipped my fingers
between her slightly spread thighs. Immediately I sensed that Judy
was very wet with very slippery juices that seemed to be oozing out
of her. So I had no difficulty at all in slipping a couple fingers
right into and up her cunt. With my spare fingers I felt her thick
and very wiry pubic hairs. She appeared to have a very prominent
clitoris and she immediately responded to my rubbing it.
I sensed that Pauline was about to come, and she did, all over my
face in what seemed an never ending stream. It ran into my hair and
down the back of my head and neck. I really wondered when she was
going to stop. She paused for a few seconds, massaged her clitoris
vigorously and came all over again, all over me. This was one of
the most dramatic orgasms that I can remember Pauline having, it
really was something!
Judy obviously sensed this and paused from sucking my cock to say
something - I didn't catch what it was.
Pauline, quite exhausted, pulled herself off me, saying,"I think
you'd better look after Judy now". As she leant against the bunk
shelf, obviously not wanting to miss seeing what was going to
happen.

I think that Judy was expecting some attention and from her posture
on the bunk she seemed to be expecting my cock from behind her. In
the moonlight I noticed that the inside of her thighs were
glistening wet. She was kneeling forward, with her head down on the
bunk and her tits hanging, distended from her chest, her thighs
slightly apart
Even though I sensed that it would be the easiest thing in the
world to slide my cock into her soaking wet cunt, I thought I'd
work her up some more before entering her. I found her clitoris to
be swollen to the size of my little finger, or so it seemed. It was
the biggest and hardest clitoris that I'd ever encountered. It
stuck right out from the swollen lips of her cunt. I really thought
that I needed to have a look at this, but decided that it was
something that I could do later, or another time!
I must have given Judy at least two orgasms, in as many minutes,
with my fingers - I was using three finger up her cunt and I was
massaging her clitoris with my thumb!
Finally I positioned my prick so as to plunge it into her. I was
not surprised that it went right in, up to hilt, as a hot knife
through butter. She felt pretty wide open inside and I wondered if
I should ask her to try and tighten herself. Before I had a chance
to suggest anything she contracted the walls of herself to the
point that I thought that I might be squished out of her as easily
as I'd got in; what a grip she had. 
The next thing I knew I was on the point of coming, but luckily I
managed to avoid that happening. I slowly started to fuck Judy with
my hands trying to grip her bottom. After a while I noticed that
her hanging tits were really moving around all over the place. 
Just as I reached down to catch one of them so, Pauline reached
across and grabbed one of them as well.
Judy was kneeling onto her head and saw as well as felt what we'd
both done, almost at the same instant in time. "Lie under me and
suck them, Pauline, suck them really hard!"
Pauline immediately changed her position and lay down under these
large tits that were flapping around. After a few seconds she
raised her hands and drew her mouth onto one of Judy's engorged
nipples. I could see that Pauline really went to town and I was
expecting Judy to cry out at any moment, but she did not, she
really seemed to be enjoying her tits being sucked really hard.
"Try and get your head down between Pauline's thighs", I urged
Judy, shifting her slightly. All three of us shifted our positions
around until Judy had her mouth spread over Pauline's cunt. Pauline
had spread her legs as wide as she could so that Judy could get her
tongue right up inside her. In this position Pauline was lying with
her head under Judy's hips and had a worms eye view of my cock
pumping in and out of her. At the same time she was still
vigorously massaging Judy's breasts as they juggled around in
response to my pounding her from behind.
After a few more minutes I gingerly got Judy to move her knees back
somewhat, this lowered her pubic area down towards Pauline's face.
I wasn't too sure as to how much Pauline wanted to lick Judy's cunt
but there was only one way to find out!
As Judy's cunt was lowered towards Pauline's face Pauline , started
to catch my balls with her tongue. I slowed right down until I
finally just kept my cock pressed up into the upper reaches of
Judy's cunt. 
At that point I felt Pauline raise her head and reached up with her
tongue to just below my anus. This felt out of this world and I
shifted my position so as she could more easily reach my anal
opening with the tip of her tongue. She actually got her tongue
right inside me and I just prevented myself from coming inside
Judy. 
Sensing this Pauline withdrew her tongue and cautiously moved
forwards towards my balls, then my cock and finally in between the
swollen lips of Judy's dripping wet cunt. As Pauline's tongue made
contact with Judy's clitoris, Judy let out a gasp and plunged her
tongue yet further into Pauline I took this as my cue to resume
fucking Judy from behind, as purposefully and as slowly as I could.
This wasn't easy in the circumstances.
I was determined not to even start to come myself until I felt that
both women were just about to have their last orgasms. At this
stage I would have guessed that each of them had come for or five
times and that possibly there weren't very many more to go. 
I must admit that it was very hot and that our frenzied activity
made it feel even hotter in that small cabin. All three of us were
by this time completely bathed in sweat and other fluids.
realistically it was probably time for me to come before I was
overcome with heat exhaustion!
I tried desperately to plan how I was going to come and then
thought better of it. I decided that I'd just come when I came, so
to speak.
I withdrew from Judy rather suddenly and motioned the two woman to
change over positions with each other. They seemed to like that
idea and in within a couple seconds I was slowly thrusting in and
out of Pauline from her rear. 
To begin with Judy was down the bunk far enough where Pauline could
quite easily rest her face in her Judy's breasts. Judy kept her
breast bunched up in Pauline's face by holding the sides of her
tits with her hands.
I soon realized that Judy was busy massaging Pauline's clitoris
with two or three fingers and I'd occasionally feel her finger tips
against the underside of my cock. that was actually a very nice
sensation and added even more to my erection. Then I noticed that
Judy was pulling one of Pauline's hands down onto her pubic mound
and that she was asking Pauline to really rub her hard, really
hard. Pauline obliged and pretty soon I could hear the noise of
Judy's cunt being massaged at a feverish pace. I looked down and
Pauline's fingers were just a blur in the ever strong moonlight.
Now I thought that Judy was really going to wake up everyone on the
Bay. She started to shriek and shout and heave her hips violently
upwards, which of course meant that Pauline's body was now moving
around in all directions.
I decided to try and get us all thrashing around in roughly the
same time. Pretty soon we were all a heaving, shouting mass of
bodies and I for one was just about to come.
I must have shot three loads of semen into Pauline before I slowly
pulled out and let the rest dribble out onto Judy's face and into
her open mouth. What an experience!!
We collapsed in a heap and I think we all three dozed off for a
very short while. Slowly we roused ourselves and Pauline slipped
out of our pile of bodies to get some orange juice for everyone.
That was a great idea.
I think that we were all both mentally and physically exhausted as
we didn't really say very much. We all stayed very close to each
other and I could feel a very warm wave of contentment sweep over
us all. It really had been a delightful evening.
We all went off to sleep pretty quickly. During the night I woke up
a few times. My memories of those fleeting waking minutes are
rather hazy. I remember waking up once with someone's firm fingers
clasped around my semi erect cock. Another time I woke up with one
Pauline's tit's being pressed into my mouth, not by her, but by
Judy
Around dawn I got up for a pee and on returning to the bunk noticed
that Judy had a hand down on Pauline's cunt and that Pauline was
lightly clasping one of Judy's tits. It all looked so nice and
natural!
After that I really slept like a log and by the time I woke up both
of the girls had got up and were out in the cockpit. I looked down
at my cock and saw why it was feeling just a little bit sore.
Despite all the natural lubricants that had been flowing all over
the place it really looked quite red. I wasn't really at all
surprised.
At about noon we all got around to having some breakfast. I had a
pair of shorts on, Pauline had her bikini and Judy had, of all
things, a long and very sheer nightie! She explained that she
didn't want to get too much sun on her body that day!
As we were having breakfast Judy leant across to reach something
from time to time. As she did this she made no attempt to keep her
breasts from swinging out from the top of her nightie and this
certainly made breakfast a special experience for both Pauline and
I. 
Her breasts were quite obviously still swollen from the previous
night's arousal, as they certainly looked a lot heavier than I can
remember. Also the innocent way in which her breasts fell out of
her nightie as she leant across the table had a very powerful
erotic quality about it.
By the time she'd leant across the table a few times her nightie
had opened up so that it was only just about covering her nipples. 
Judy's dark brown nipples were of course quite plainly visible
through the sheer material of this flimsy garment. This was
becoming to be quite a turn on for me and I could feel my cock
start to stiffen in my shorts. I glanced across at Pauline and
could see that she too was mesmerized by these large, partially
exposed breasts in the mid day sun!
Finally I said, "You know Judy , those tits of yours are really
beginning to get us going again!" "Mmmmm.... yes." murmured Pauline
"They really look magnificent"..I continued.
Judy smiled warmly and very slightly pulled the front opening of
her nightie closer together. This pushed her nipples quite firmly
against the thin material and they seemed o stand out even
more."I've been sitting here thinking about last night and that's
beginning to get me going as well." she said.
By this time my prick was rock hard once again and I was beginning
to think of what the next move should be. It was such a beautiful
day and the atmosphere so relaxed that I didn't feel compelled to
try and start doing anything right away, which was a nice feeling.
I tried to re-position my cock in my shorts and in doing so it
slipped out. Nobody noticed as all this was going on under the
table. As I continued to look at Judy's magnificent breasts through
the thin material of her nightie I started to play with my cock. It
felt about ten inches long and hard as rock.
Suddenly Judy said, "Hey, what's going on under the table there -
stand up and let me see if it's what I think it is!". I grinned
somewhat sheepishly and slowly stood up. I think I've got a fairly
good looking cock but it's not something that I usually make much
of an exhibition of. However on this occasion I must admit that I
was pretty proud of what I showed off as I stood up. Pauline was
even quite startled by the length of my erection! Looking at
Pauline I was pretty sure that she had a hand down in her own
bikini bottom and that she was in all likelihood making herself
feel pretty good.
Judy was looking intently at my outstretched member and it looked
as if she was busy thinking about what the most enjoyable course of
action might be. Then she looked up at us both and said "What do
you guys feel like doing?" Pauline hesitated and looked at me. I
wasn't too sure what to suggest but had this urge that I'd like to
ejaculate onto Judy's tits and that I'd probably like to see her
sucking Pauline's cunt and have Pauline gush all over her face as
she did so. I found myself announcing that that was what I'd like
to do, or watch being done - so to speak!.
Judy said that that sounded pretty good but that she'd like
something up her, at least to begin with. "Like what, I don't think
we have any candles", joked Pauline with a laugh. 
Not a candle said Judy but what about those two vibrators that
she'd seen beside the bunk. "Oh, you think you might need them both
do you Judy " said I. "Yes, I think I would", she replied. 
"Oh, that sounds exciting", said Pauline It was now getting pretty
hot in the cockpit and there were some other boats in the near
distance; so we agreed that we might move back into the main cabin.
As soon as we all got into the small main cabin Judy started to
take off her nightie. I managed to stop her, saying that it would
really be, even more, exciting if she kept it on.
We pulled out the bunk extension in the main cabin and put some
large beach towels over it to protect the upholstery. I went and
found the two dildo cum vibrators. I told Judy that she was in good
shape as we had spare batteries. she thought that was pretty funny!
I gave the two vibrators to Pauline telling her that she could
probably use them to greater effect on Judy than I could. She
seemed quite pleased with the task of reaming Judy with these two
rubber objects. I think it was only then that Pauline realized that
she was going to be pushing one of them up the other woman's anus
as well as her cunt. "I'd better put some baby oil on them".
Pauline said. Judy said, with a wry smile, that she thought that
only one of them would need the oil, the other one would go in
quite easily enough. We all agreed that that would probably be the
case!
I excused myself and went out into the cockpit and checked that the
dinghy was tied up as well a few other chores. It seemed to be
quite a good idea to let the two women get started, I was quite
sure that I could easily catch up in a short while.


