
                               -2-
It turned out to be a very matter of fact conversation, with
everyone feeling very relaxed about revealing in some detail,what
exactly turned them and what did not. 
When it came to my turn to describe what I found to be the ultimate
turn on I found that I really couldn't think of anything that I'd
like to do so I thought I'd recount a previous experience or two
instead.
I told them about the time in South Africa when I was having an
affair with a girl called Valerie. She was a very quiet woman, with
a pair of tits that could be best described as big to large. The
nicest thing about her breasts, which sagged rather nicely as a
result of having had two kids, was the really large dark brown
nipples that she had. The other nice thing was profuse and very
thick wiry pubic hair. She also liked to suck my cock a lot and had
a very nice way of doing it. 
Our affair went on for a year or more and consisted mainly of
screwing in the car on a deserted hill top near where she lived,
or, now and then, in her bedroom at home. We didn't seem to talk
about sex very much, we just did it. 
However, one day I got her to tell me what positions or sexual acts
that we'd performed, had turned her on the most! The two she rather
reluctantly admitted to liking and that had been totally new to
her, were really nothing special except that they both appealed to
me immensely.
Quite a lot of my screwing with Valerie seemed to coincide with her
periods but she seemed keen to do whatever we could to make us both
feel good. I must admit that I was never obviously aware of her
orgasms but I'm pretty sure that she had them nevertheless. 
She probably liked to have her nipples squeezed and sucked quite
hard the most. 
I once remember, during one of her periods, that once she really
got worked up and I'd been sucking and squeezing her breasts for
quite a while, that very small drops of a milk like substance
appeared from her nipples. I never said anything about it, nor
asked her what it was, but it was quite a turn on, that's for sure!
Anyhow, quite often during her periods I'd fuck her between her
tits. usually this was when we are in her bedroom as she'd have
access to baby oil, which was really quite essential for this.
Usually she leant on top of me, pressing her breasts together -
probably we both pressed her breasts together, I can't quite
remember. She'd keep her panties on, and even her skirt, because of
her period. We'd put a lot of oil on her breasts and she try and
angle her nipples inward towards my cock. Sometimes her tits were
a little too swollen to be able to do this effectively.
Other times I could feel her nipples rubbing against the head of my
cock as it jerked up and down between her tits. Once or twice I had
to grab hold of my cock to squeeze it hard enough for me to come,
just at the right moment. Most times I came quite easily and
because she was on top of me I'd ejaculate over myself.
As all this was during a period of relatively heavy drinking, on my
part, I'd not always be as potent as I should have been -
nevertheless, this tit fucking technique worked very well. One day
I was feeling particularly fit and well and extremely potent. 
We'd started off with her leaning over me, pressing her tits around
my cock. After a few moments I turned her, rather roughly, over
onto her back. 
She was still wearing a skirt and panties. I pushed a knee up into
her crotch and kept it pressed against her cunt as hard as I could.
I picked up the bottle of baby oil and put a whole lot all over her
breasts, shoulders, tummy and down into her pubes under the
waistband of her skirt.
I then started to thrust my cock in between her tits with a
vengeance, pushing my knee into her crotch as I did so. She grabbed
my hands and started, together with my hands, pressing her tits
together as tightly as she could. I could see from her face that
this was really a terrific success for both us! She had a wild eyed
look on her face that I'd never seen before. Her tits were too
swollen for her to get her nipples to contact the head of my cock.
Instead, I got each nipple between a thumb and index finger and
started to squeeze them really hard.
I squeezed and rolled them around between my fingers. We worked
ourselves into quite a frenzy. Now and then she reach behind and
sink her rather long fingernails into my buttocks and I must admit
that the pain was quite pleasurable! When she did this I'd take
over her tits with both my hands and as her nails dug into my
flesh, so I grasped her tits even harder. 
I realized that this wasn't going to last very long, however hard
I tried to prolong it all. I hadn't come for a day or two so I
realized that this was going to be quite a spectacular ejaculation.

Boy, was I right. Suddenly I came in one huge jet of white liquid,
spurting out from the tip of my bright red cock. The first spurt
shot straight into her hair and stood out against her very dark
hair like a white string of large pearls. The second shot, not
quite as powerful as the first one, but almost, seemed to cover
most of her face and quite a lot of it seemed to go up her nose! 
The third spurt landed mainly on her open mouth and some, I
noticed, on her teeth. 
I don't think I've ever had as strong a climax, either before or
since. I could feel it streaming through my cock as it spurted out.
As this happened she cried out, in pleasure and surprise I suppose.
I quickly plunged my cock into her open mouth and what there was of
the fourth ejaculation all went into her mouth. It really was an
electrifying and surprising experience! I will never forget that
morning in Westville, about 25 miles inland from Durban.
The second experience which Valerie said she liked a lot, and which
I did as well, also took place in her bedroom (as opposed to the
car). I was again feeling pretty strong and had started to fuck her
with her on top. That was always a nice position because of the
size and shape of her breasts. As I was doing this I started to
grasp her buttocks, which were quite big and fleshy. 
This turned me on quite a bit and the more I sunk my fingernails
into them the more Valerie seemed to like it. I started to roll her
over and as she was not too familiar with unusual positions she
resisted somewhat, not knowing what I wanted to do I guess. 
I got slightly frustrated at her reluctance to roll over and
roughly forced her over on her tummy. I then pulled her up so that
her bottom was sticking up in the air. As I started to part her
cheeks she panicked, thinking that I was going to try and screw her
up the arse. I pacified her by telling her that I was going to take
her from behind, not take her behind!
As I spread her buttocks I realized just how much hair she had down
there. I knew that her pubic hair spread over to the tops of her
thighs, from the front anyway. 
I hadn't realized how much black pubic hair she had stretching from
her cunt right around and past her anus and on around towards the
cleft of her buttocks. I'd never really studied her from behind
before and certainly not this intimately, so I never was aware that
she seemed to have as much pubic hair behind her as she had in
front of her! 
The sight of all this hair was quite a turn on in itself and I took
a good look as I slowly positioned my cock at the opening of her,
by now, very wet cunt. Since that time I have always thought that
hair around a woman's anus, and beyond, was rather sexy.
I suppose the sight of this unexpected amount of pubic hair really
got me going as well as the very rounded and full buttocks that
Valerie had. I suddenly felt quite wild, literally! I started to
bang my cock into her for all I was worth. As I did so I could see
her bottom shaking as if it were jelly. It was a particularly hot
day and my balls were hanging very low, so I could feel them
banging against Valerie's clitoris as I banged away. Now and then
I'd slow my wild thrusting down to a purposefully slow pace where
I pushed my rigid cock into her just as far as it would go. 
During these slight lulls I managed to part her buttocks with one
hand and pour some baby oil around her anal area. I'd then run my
fingers around the rim of her anal opening and this seemed to
really drive her wild. I was tempted once or twice to suddenly
withdraw my cock from her cunt and plunge it full length up her
arsehole, but I didn't. 
Once or twice I'd reach around to her belly and run my fingers down
into her thick pubic hair and onto her clitoris, which by now felt
about half an inch long.
Valerie had clearly never been fucked from behind before, nor had
someone played with her anal opening and it was all driving her
quite wild. I finally came into her and, like the time I came all
over her face, I could feel, almost hear, my semen rushing out of
my cock into her.
I think this was probably the first time that Valerie had ever come
like this. she really was quite shaken and it took her quite a
while to clam down. She was never one to comment or talk about sex
too much, but she made it quite plain that this had been a
fantastic exprience for her.

