                           A NIGHT ON THUNDERA
                                    
It had been a pretty boring day in the Cat's Lair, Panthro had to
admit. In fact, he mused, it had been a boring month. Not a single one
of the usual emergencies had come up. No invasions from the Mutants,
not a sound from Mummra. It made him very suspicious, and when he got
suspicious, he got tense. It was the sort of thing that made him wish
for Cheetara.

"How's the watch?" Cheetara asked, answering his wish from the door
behind.

Panthro shifted his massive bulk around in the oversized command chair
and said, "Pretty boring. Nothing exciting happening outside. How was
your survey?"

"Same thing," Cheetara admitted. "I went as far as the Robearburble's
camp. Nothing new happening there." She walked over to him and slowly
began to rub his shoulders. "You're tense," she said in that deep and
husky voice she always used.

"Ah, I get this way. I'm worried."

"What is there to worry about?"

"It's too quiet," Panthro replied.

"Can I help you with your tensions?" Cheetara asked. "Maybe you could
help me with mine."

"What sort of tensions have you got?" Panthro asked.

"All sorts of tensions," Cheetara said.

"Should I call Tigra?" Panthro asked.

"I'd like that," Cheetara replied. "See you in the gymnasium ten past
the hour."

"I'll be there," Panthro replied, feeling less tense already. But more
anxious.


  

"What are we doing here? You know they don't like us to be out after
dark," Wilycat complained as Wilykit led their flyboards over a ridge.

"I want to try something new," Wilykit said. "Something I saw Cheetara
doing."

"What?" Wilycat asked.

"You'll see."


  

"I see you two have started without me," Tigra said in his strong and
confident voice.

"Well, we didn't want to stand around and get bored," Panthro said.

"I see." And see he did. Tigra noted that Panthro had done an
excellent job of tying Cheetara spread-eagled to the upper pair of the
set of uneven bars. She was secure, yet her feet were squarely settled
on the gynasium mat. And this time, he noted, Panthro had removed the
lower bar. The last time they'd tried this, he'd bumped his head on
it. "Shall I start with the usual?"

"Please," Cheetara said, breathless and deep.

Tigra walked up to her and stared her in the eyes. "Maybe I won't." He
smiled. Of all the Thundercats, Tigra was the only one who was really
capable of a menacing smile. And he was good at it.

"Please," Cheetara repeated.

"In good time, my dear Cheetara. How does it feel, fastest of us all,
swiftest on Thundera, to be restrained? To be held hand and foot,
unable to move?"

"Please," Cheetara begged. "The whip, Tigra. Please. I need it. Give
it to me."

Tigra smiled and reached back into his belt for the powerwhip he
carried with him everywhere, his special weapon. She wriggled against
her restraints, and it pleased him to actually see her fighting. He
took a few steps back and cracked the whip in the air, once. "It seems
to be ready," he said. He leaned over to Panthro and said, "Make sure
to watch her closely. One wrong move..."

Panthro nodded. Tigra walked around behind her, where her back was
fully exposed to him. He smiled.


  

"Hey," Wilycat said, "It's our old starship. Why are you bringing us
here?"

"Because," Wilykit said testily, landing her board on the large rock
to the left of the main airlock. She jumped off and walked over to the
door. "Come on."

Wilycat shook his head and said "I don't like this."

"You'll like it," Wilykit replied, turning on her electric torch.
"Trust me." She led him through the corridors to the crew cabins,
shoving aside one of the unpowered doors.

"Hey," Wilycat said, "Why are we in Liono's room?"

"Because he had the biggest bed, silly."

"I still don't know what you're planning."

"Come here," Wilykit said.

"What?"

"And take off your clothes."

"WHAT?" Wilycat complained.

"Oh come on, Wilycat! We never wore clothes until Jagua made us those
armored uniforms. Take them off."

"But that was years ago!" Wilycat exclaimed.

"That's the point," Wilykit said. "I want to see something."

"Okay, but only if you take off yours too."

"That's a deal," Wilykit replied, eagerly stripping off her uniform
and tossing it too the floor. Wilycat was a little slower in removing
his own.

Naked, he looked a little skinny, but then he was only fifteen, and he
was on the same exercise regimen all the Thundercats were. They never
knew when an enemy might strike out at them.

Wilykit, on the other hand, was actually growing quite nicely, her
small breasts budding out only slightly. She smiled at her brother and
said "Come here and sit down."

Wilycat walked nervously over to his sister. He sat down on the old
and dusty bed, and when he did she grabbed him by the shoulders and
threw him down. "Hey!" he shouted again. Wilykit threw her leg over
his supine form, straddling him.

"Now I gotcha!" she said.

"Mummra?" Wilycat's eyes were wild with fear. She had even convinced
him to leave his powerpills over there on the floor!

"No, not Mummra, silly," Wilykit said. "Just me. I wanna try
something."

"Wha...What?" he stammered.

"I saw Cheetara doing this to Tigra, and I wondered why." She slid
down his body slowly, reaching his crotch. His cock was shrivled and
retracted into it's prepuce with fear. She nibbled at it gently with
her lips, sliding along the length she felt within his Thunderan
sheath.

"Wilykit..." Wilycat breathed deeply. "What are you doing?"

"Does it hurt?" She asked, looking up along the length of his body.

"Well, no," he admitted.

"Then let's keep trying."


  

Tigra flexed his arm a couple of times. This wasn't combat, and there
was no reason for him to throw out his shoulder while he was having a
good time. He took careful aim, and with one easy motion brought the
whip down on Cheetara's naked back. She moaned.

The whip, made of an elastic memory-polymer, retracted to its
hand-held size. He watched as Cheetara writhed against her bonds,
burning with her desire. This was how she liked her whippings, one at
a time.

He struck her again. She groaned in pain, fighting the ropes with her
speed. The metal bars of the gym set quivered with her force. She
liked every single slash to burn against her, then fade away, before
he put a new one to her.

He lashed out again. Her groan was louder, more intense, sharper. Over
her shoulder he could see Panthro watching them intently, a small
smile on his face, his huge penis, erect and obvious out of it's
sheath, the purple head almost as fascinating to him as Cheetara's
writhing.

He struck again. She screamed, a soft and silent scream. When the whip
retracted he sniffed at it, checking for blood. The last thing he
wanted to do was draw blood, at least for now. There was none, and he
smiled, watching her writhe before making his decision. He looked down
at her firm and well-rounded ass.

The whip fell again.


  

The Lord of the Thundercats turned restlessly in his bed. Although
Liono knew that Tigra had soundproofed the gymnasium as much as
possible, his Thunderan ears could easily hear the sounds of the
activity downstairs, even through the stone of the Cat's Lair.

"I'm just not going to get any sleep tonight," he said to himself, and
with that he rose and wandered down to the kitchen to pour himself a
tall glass of burblefruit juice. He sat at the kitchen table and put
the glass down in front of him, untouched. He put his head in his
hands and stared at it, feeling depressed.

He heard the door open behind him, and with a little surprise turned
around to see Snarf standing there. "You're up late," Snarf said in
that chiding voice he always used when Liono was doing something
wrong.

"I know, Snarf. I don't care." He turned back to staring at the glass
of juice.

"Liono? What's wrong?"

"Nothing, Snarf."

"Come on, Liono, you can tell ol' Snarf. It's the others, isn't it?"

"I don't understand, Snarf. They go and play like that, and I... I'm
just not interested."

"Awww," Snarf said, jumping up with an assist from his tail. He landed
square on his chair and joined Liono in resting his head in his hands,
only he was staring at his young charge, not the juice. "Come on,
Liono, you're supposed to be a grown-up now."

"I know, Snarf, but it doesn't help that I grew up while I was
asleep." Liono's face grew long and tired. "I never got to learn all
those games. I guess even Wilycat and Wilykit will be playing them
soon."

"Sooner than you think," Snarf agreed.

"Besides," Liono said, "There's really nobody I would want to play
games with, not games like that."

"What about, oh, Mara?" Snarf said, recalling one of the pretty young
females from the Tree People.

"No, nobody there. Nobody I really trust, Snarf."

"Not even ol' Snarf?"

"Well of course I trust you, Snarf."

"Then why don't you play some of them with me?" Snarf asked, tilting
his head to the side.

"You mean, you... and me...?"

"Sure, Liono. Why not?"

"Well, I mean... I never expected... you keep telling me you're
getting too old, Snarf. And I couldn't ask you to..."

Snarf bounded out of his chair and into Liono's lap. Even at 41 kilos,
Snarf's weight was nothing to Liono, the strongest of the Thundercats.
Snarf put his paws to Liono's chest and said, "Your old buddy Snarf
used to have quite a reputation, Liono. Even Thunderans knew they were
no match for ol' Snarf, not even in bed, snarf, snarf, snarf!"

Liono laughed and said, "Okay, Snarf, let's go and see what you can
teach me."


  

Wilycat lay back against the bed and put his hands on his sister's
head, feeling it bob up and down over his cock. He shuddered gently,
the new and incredible sensations washing over him making it
impossible to speak.

Wilykit's mouth felt hot as she licked over him, sometimes down the
furred foreskin to suck on his balls before she worked her way back up
and swallowed his smooth spear in one huge gulp. Wilycat wondered why
she wasn't choking.

Wilykit wondered the same thing. Her brother's cock was pretty big,
but everytime it slid down her throat she actually felt comfortable
with it there. She closed her eyes and concentrated, wondering if he
would scream like Tigra did.

Wilycat felt a tightness in his chest working its way down to his
groin, a strange tightness he couldn't remember ever feeling before.
He worried about it, but it was growing and his sister's mouth felt so
good he couldn't tell her about it. It wound up, like a spring, in his
belly and his balls, and he could feel it building and building and he
knew it was going to explode. And when it did he screamed, his whole
body shaking, trying to force himself deeper into her mouth.

And then it was over. It had felt... He couldn't remember how it had
felt. All he knew was that he wanted to feel it again, soon. Not right
away, but soon.

"Wilykit?" he said, raising his head slowly.

"Yeah?" she asked. He saw that she was licking at her mouth slowly, as
if she had a funny taste there.

"What happened?"

"I don't know. You taste salty when you did that."

"What did you do?"

"I sucked on your thing, like I saw Cheetara doing to Tigra. And you
screamed like he did. Did you like it?"

"Yes!" he said.


  

The whip fell again and again, faster now, although Tigra was still
deliberately pulling his shots, so as not to stress and break
Cheetara's skin. He wanted her to be in good shape, because tonight he
and Panthro were going to queen her, and he didn't want her to be
messy when they did. She was screaming wholeheartedly now, her body
almost a blur in her unconcious, hyperspeed struggle with the ropes.

The whip fell once more.


  

"You could start by taking off your clothes," Snarf said. Liono
blushed a little and slowly removed his costume, putting aside the Eye
of Thundera and the Claw-Sheild. With the years of habit Snarf had
instilled in him he carefully folded his clothes and put them on the
chair. Then he sat down on the bed. "Lie down," Snarf directed,
hopping up on the bed next to Liono.

Snarf looked up along the bed at Liono, assessing him. He was
gorgeous, even for a Thunderan, and Snarf had little trouble finding
the body of his young charge thrilling to look at. But more
importantly, Snarf thought of his task as educational, personal, and,
he admitted to himself, loving.

Snarf walked up the bed on all fours to Liono's shoulders and sat back
on his tail. "Just close your eyes, Liono," he said.

Liono obeyed. "What... what are you going to do?"

"You'll see," Snarf replied. He reached out with a paw and touched
Liono on the neck slowly. "Easy," Snarf said, his voice dropping down
to that deeper tone he got when he was concerned. With slow, easy
strokes he ran his paw along Liono's chest, feeling the mass of
muscles tense as he did so. He almost didn't notice the small "snarfs"
he was humming under his breath as he touched Liono. "Relax."

"It's so hard, Snarf!" Liono protested.

"I know, Liono, but you said you trusted ol' Snarf."

Liono didn't answer as Snarf touched his nipples slowly. Snarf smiled
when he heard Liono's sigh of pleasure. As he worked his way down
further, he had to take small steps along the way to compensate for
having such a small body.

Snarf leaned over and with an easy motion of his head brushed his
soft, thick beard along Liono's belly, turning finally to kiss Liono's
navel. Liono giggled a little at the tickling sensation. Snarf smiled
and moved a little further down, to just where the opening of Liono's
foreskin lay against his belly. Snarf had to admit that even with his
experience, Liono's looked like a formidable penis.

Snarf stroked along the length of Liono's foreskin, slowly and gently
nibbling with his small teeth, and it grew firm quickly. Snarf smiled
as he ran his tongue along the length of it, tasting it. It had been a
long time since he'd had a cock to play with, and he wanted to take
his time with it.

"How does it feel, Liono?"

"I can't say, Snarf. Feels... good. Weird, but good."


  

"Well, I did it for you, so you should do it for me," Wilykit said.

"I don't know," Wilycat said with unsurety in his voice.

"Come on. Please?" Wilykit said, spreading her legs slightly.

"But you don't have anything sticking out that I could suck on."

"Just lick me," Wilykit said, "and we'll see what happens."

Wilycat leaned over, looking at the dark patch of fur between his
sister's legs. He kissed her there, once, gently, not at all sure of
what he was looking for. Wilykit spread her legs a little further, and
the scent of her pussy wafted over his nostrils. It was a funny smell,
but not unpleasant, and he decided it was worth staying for. But when
he pulled back to take a good look, he saw her pussy had opened,
looking pink and wet. He wondered what he should do, but decided to
just try licking her again.

As his tongue slid up into her, she moaned. "Did I hurt you?" he
asked.

"No, Wilycat," she replied. "It felt good. Do it again?"

He replied, licking against her lips, feeling the smooth texture with
his tongue. She tasted really good!

"A little higher, and harder," she said. He followed her directions,
figuring she knew better than he did. Actually, she was acting the way
he thought he had when she was sucking on him. Maybe he could make her
scream, too. And considering how good it had felt, he owed her that.


  

Tigra slid the whip back into his belt. Cheetara hung from her bonds,
exhausted and sweaty. He walked up to her and said, "Well, little
speedster, how do you feel?"

"Wonderful," she said. Panthro stepped in front if her and said "You
put on a good show, Cheetara. Are you ready for us?"

"Ready as I'll ever be," she breathed. "Are you really both going to
do me?"

"That's what we agreed on last time," Tigra said.

"Then I'm ready." Panthro nodded and with a quick swipe of his claws
freed her hands, catching her as she fell forward. Tigra crouched down
and freed her feet as well. Panthro easily carried her to the mat and
laid her down on her back. He pulled out his nunchukau that he always
carried and unhooked them, so that they were two seperate clubs. He
put the blue one aside. "You know that I tinker with these," he said,
"and I found a good use for Thundranium recently." He turned the base
of the red one, and it began to hum quietly. Tigra walked over and
knelt where Cheetara lay and Panthro sat.

Panthro touched the nunchuk to Cheetara's thigh, slowly stroking along
her short fur to her cunt, sliding the cat's-claw image carved into
the end against her mons. She moaned and parted her legs, and Panthro
easily slid the 'chuk against her clitors. Cheetara went berserk; only
her exhaustion kept her from buzzing at speed with the vibrating club.
Panthro slowly eased it against her opening, and it slid into her. He
pressed upwards with it, trying to get both her clit and her hole
involved, but that didn't seem likely, so he slid the 'chuk out and
began teasing her clit with it again. He was so intent he almost
didn't notice Tigra feeding his cock to Cheetara's lips.


  

Snarf looked down at Liono's cock with a measure of satisfaction. It
had grown to it's full length, and he had been right... it was
substantial. He ran his tongue along it's full length, coating it with
his saliva. When he was sure it was wet enough, he carefully walked up
onto Liono's belly and stepped back, placing his feet on Liono's hips.
"Snarf, what?"

"Careful, Liono, you'll push me off and I'll fall, snarf!" Snarf
protested. "Take it easy." Snarf reached down and grabbed Liono's
manhood in his paw, pointing it up and against his ass. With slow
tension he pressed downwards, feeling Liono's cock enter him, open him
up again. It had been so long that Snarf actually felt some pain, and
Liono certainly was bigger than Ocelandro. Or Jagua, for that matter!

But as he felt it enter him the pain faded, replaced with the familiar
and wonderful sensations going on within him. He leaned over and put
his forepaws on Liono's chest, easing himself down until all of
Liono's cock was imbedded within him. And then he slowly began
stroking, back and forth.


  

"A little harder, Wilycat!" Wilykit moaned, her body shaking with
every lick. Wilycat was having fun! It sure was great to make his
sister moan like this.

He licked harder, like she'd asked. He'd found this one little spot at
the very top of her pussy, this little pink and white thing, that made
her go crazy, and it was working like a charm.


  

Panthro lay down on his back, his hard cock lying along his belly.
"Come on, Cheetara," Tigra said, encouraging her.

"I'm ready," she said. She rose and straddled Panthro, looking down at
his broad chest. She put her hands there, teasing his top pair of
nipples. Behind her, she felt Tigra's fingers opening her cunt the way
Panthro's vibrating nunchuk had, and she felt as they trailed back
over her asshole, getting it slick as well. "All clear," he said in a
cheerful voice.

She smiled and reached down, much as Snarf was doing to Liono upstairs
(although these three couldn't know that) and slid down onto Panthro's
cock, feeling it stretch the walls of her vagina the way only it did.
She leaned all the way over, so that her ass was in the air, giving
Tigra a really clear look at Panthro's handsome cock thrusting slowly
in and out of her as he pushed up with his hips.

Tigra knelt down between Panthro's legs and aimed his cock at her
tiny, exposed asshole. It had been weeks since he'd last taken her
dark rear passage and this was the first time he'd invited Panthro
along. He pushed gently, parting it with only a slight force.
"Harder," she breathed.

"I might hurt you," Tigra replied evenly.

"I don't care. I want it now!" Cheetara said.

Tigra smiled and pressed down hard. His cock slid into her, his hips
nearly slamming against her furred buttocks. She groaned in pain, and
he complied with her feelings, fucking her asshole mercilessly from
behind.

"Yes!" Cheetara shouted, "Fuck me, Tigra, fuck me hard!" Inside her,
he could feel the wonderful length of Panthro's dick pressing against
his, seperated by a thin wall of her flesh. The sensation turned him
on, although he envied her the feeling of fulfillement. If only the
could get Liono to join them, maybe someday he could feel two cocks
sliding inside him as well.

Panthro reached up and held her shoulders, holding her so he had more
room to thrust himself. Although Tigra was doing such a good job of
pushing that he didn't have to do any work to receive pleasure. But he
wanted to.


  

"Oh, Snarf," Liono breathed. "I never beleived anything could feel so
good!"

"Feels good to me too, Liono," Snarf said. He smiled gently when he
felt Liono returning the thrusts. The boy was learning. "Let's turn
over. Old Snarf doesn't want to do all the work."

"What do you mean, Snarf?"

Snarf pulled himself off of Liono's thick penis and rolled to the
side, onto his back. He parted his short legs and laid his tail flat
against the bed, pushing his hips up to expose his anus. "Slide it in,
Liono."

Liono looked down at his old nursemaid. "If it's what you want,
Snarf," Liono replied, straddling Snarf's tail and aiming his cock at
the proferred opening. With an easy thrust he slid in, burying himself
to the hilt.

Snarf let out a soft "Rrrrraaawwwhhh..." of pleasure. "That's it,
Liono," he said as Liono began thrusting. "Good boy!"


  

"Don't stop, Wilycat, whatever you do," Wilykit moaned, her voice
becoming even more high pitched, if that was possible. As if he wanted
to stop! This was far too much fun.

He licked at her pussy with enthusiasim, teasing that little spot he
had found, that little place that was driving her into a frenzy. She
was quivering, her fingers on his head and holding him in place.

"Don't stop, don't stop," she breathed, "Harder, please!"

Wilycat wanted to give more, but he was already reaching his limits.
He was giving her all he could, and he hoped it would be enough.

Apparently, it was. Wilykit suddenly stopped all moving, coming to a
frozen pause, and then let out a long and soulful moan, quaking and
bucking against his mouth. "YesYesYesYes!" she screamed. He gave her a
few more licks and then looked up, her juices dripping from his chin.

"Did you like that?" he asked.

"Of course I liked it silly!" she shouted, throwing her arms around
him. Wilycat started to feel a little uncomfortable being this close
to his sister, but eventually she let him go. "We should get back,"
she said. "They'll start to miss us."

Wilycat nodded. He rose from the old bed and recovered his costume.


  

"Harder!" Cheetara begged. Tigra was merciless, slamming into her
tight little butt without pause, ravishing her with all the strength
only a true Thundercat has. Panthro had his huge meaty hands on her
hips, holding her in place as he counterthrusted against her cunt,
filling that hole simultaneously. Cheetara whipped her head back and
forth with feverish intensity. "More!" she begged.

Tigra felt the intensity in his testicles, in his legs and groin. The
feeling of Panthro's dramatically thick cockhead sliding along the
length of his own dick combined with the exquisite satiny tightness of
Cheetara's asshole conspired to drive him over the edge, and it was
doing an excellent job.

With a roar that was pure animal, he jetted loose inside her, pounding
her guts with his piston, filling her with his seed. The sounds of his
climax were enough for Panthro, who let out an equally loud roar of
his own pleasure, his body thrusting upwards into Cheetara with its
own needs.

And the three of them collapsed, Tigra rolling to the right and off of
them, onto the mat with a thud. He began laughing.

"What's so funny?" Cheetara asked.

"Nothing!" Tigra replied. "That was great!"

"So," Panthro asked. "Still tense, or did we loosen your bones for
ya?"

Cheetara looked down at him and hugged him close. "You two always do
good for me."


  

Liono was approaching his own orgasm, his first with someone else, and
Snarf could see it. Because of their size differences, Snarf's head
was close to Liono's chest, and he could just reach up and kiss
Liono's nipples. He gave up after a while, simply enjoying the
enthusiasm the young Lord of the Thundercats gave to his first fuck.

Snarf was in ecstacy. It had been too long since he had been on the
receiving end of a good, long fuck, and this was definitely one of the
best. He was almost surprised at the time it was taking Liono to come,
since inexperienced kids usually came fast. Then again, Liono wasn't a
kid anymore.

"Snarf, I feel strange."

"Don't stop, Liono, let it happen," he encouraged. He wanted to watch
Liono come, to see the body above him shake with pleasure. "That's
m'boy, snarf, snarf, snarf!" he said.

Liono's thrusts became even faster, more urgent. Snarf could see that
the point of no return was behind Liono, that it was only a matter of
time. Liono groaned, panting as his cock pushed into Snarf so hard
that Snarf had to grip the sheets to hold himself in place. Snarf
leaned back and closed his eyes, and with a sudden playful inspiration
bent his tail and slid it down the cleft of Liono's thrusting
buttocks, teasing and just barely threatening Liono's own virgin
asshole. The threat was all Liono needed. A third roar echoed through
the halls of the Lair of the Thundercats as Liono came, thrusting
once, twice more before finally stopping, looking down at his
nursemaid. Snarf looked up at Liono and said, "That was perfect!"

"Did I do well, Snarf?"

"You were perfect, Liono! Snarf!" Snarf rolled over on all fours and
walked up next to Liono, lying down by his shoulder and curling up
next to him. He chuckled gently.

"What's so funny, Snarf?"

"I haven't slept by you since you were five, Liono."

"Do you think you should tonight?"

"Of course I think I should tonight. I want to cuddle with you all
night long."

"I'm glad, Snarf."
