                Tie Me Up!

     She comes in wearing a black slinky teddy, The sheer material
     barely covering her.  Her beautiful 5' 36C, 24, 32 frame accentuated
     by the sleek lingerie has me already panting without even touching
     her body.  She walks over to me and sits on my lap, putting her hand
     on my chest and playing with my nipples.  I reach up and fondle her
     right breast crushing it against her chest.  The feel of the
     silky material sends waves of pleasure through my hand straight to
     my loins.  My cock instantly responds and becomes hard as a rock.
     She sees my uncomfort and reaches down and unzips my jeans and my
     cock springs out with a life of it's own already dripping with
     pre-cum.  She pushes me back onto the bed and tares off my jeans.
     She lowers her head to my cock and sucks it deep into her hot mouth.
     I feel my cock hitting the back of her throat with each down stroke
     and the intense pressure of her sucking on each up stroke.  She
     climbs around straddling my face as she leans over my throbbing
     cock.  "eat my dripping cunt" is all she says before swallowing my
     cock again.  I pull the thin material away from her drenched pussy
     and push a finger inside of her.  I pull my finger out and lick the
     sweet cunt secretions.  I run my tongue all around her pussy,
     lapping up all her juices which dripped out.  I run my tongue over
     her lips and her cunt opens slightly with each pass of my probing
     tongue.

     I feel her throat begin to vibrate around my cock as she begins to
     moan her pleasure.  My tongue darts in and out of her hot hole and
     rub her clit with my fingers.  She releases my cock from her mouth
     and wraps her hand around it as her body begins to buck and thrash
     wildly and she begins to moan out loud "Oh yes, Oh yes, don't stop,
     eat my cunt, burry your face in there oh oh oh oooohhh..." and with
     that her body tense up and then relaxes.  All through her cumming
     she never let go of throbbing cock.  She shoves it back into her
     mouth and sucks with a passion like never before.  In a matter of
     moments my body tense under her and my cock shoots it hot load deep
     down her throat as she swallows quickly to catch every drop.
     She the rolls off of me and we lay together exhausted.

     We then kiss, exchanges each other's tastes with the other and she
     forces her tongue halfway down my throat.  She then kisses each of my
     nipples and smiles.

     "Ready for more yet?"  she asks.

     She stands up and fixes her skimpy teddy.  She moves me to the
     center of the bed and moves to the other side of the room.  She get
     out 4 pices of rope and comes back over to me.  she ties each of my
     hands to the corresponding posts on her bed and then does the same
     with my feet.  I am completely naked and exposed to her, at her
     mercy, just the way she likes me.

     She then reaches into a draw by her bed and pulls out some whipped
     cream and applies it to my chest, over my nipples then around my
     flaccid cock.  She then leans over me and begins to lick up all the
     whipped cream off my nipples, sucking them into her mouth, nibbling
     slightly.  And then makes her way down my stomach to my dick.  She
     licks the cream off making slurping sounds.

     My cock was beginning to stir again under her touch as now she begins
     to suck my balls one by one in and out of her mouth.  She then looks
     at me and smiles, bits of whipped cream on her mouth.  She leans
     over my face and I lick the remanding off of her face.  She then
     straddles my chest and leans down dangling her silk covered breasts
     barely an inch out of the reach of my mouth, her nipples pushing at
     the light material.  She slightly grinds her covered cunt up and
     down my chest, leaving a moisture trail as she arouses herself even
     more.  She then stops and looks into my eyes and asks "do I turn you
     on?"

     "Yes." was all I could muster up in response.

     "Do you like my tits?" she inquires as she begins rubbing them
     through the teddy feeling them, pulling on her nipples and twisting
     trying to crush them against her chest.  She pulls down the top of
     her teddy and plays with her bare breasts, she lifts on her tits up
     and runs her long tongue around her nipple.  Her breathing becomes
     more labored and she squirms her cunt against my chest.

     "I'm getting wetter. " she gasps, "can you tell how turned on I am,
     how much I want to feel something in me?"

     And with that, she pulls aside the crotch of her teddy and begins to
     touch her clit, lightly at first, then more and more frantic.  She
     shoves a finger into her pussy and rams it in and out. Her
     breathing faster and harder then ever.  "Do You like to watch me?"
     she coes and I just nod my head in response.  My eyes are locked on
     her hand moving in and out of her cunt.  She pulls her finger out of
     pussy and licks it clean.  "Ummm.... wonderful" she murmurs,  and
     quickly puts it back into her.  "Oh yes, Oh yes, I'm about to cum"
     she almost screams, and with that she practically jumps onto my face
     and pushes her pussy against my drooling mouth and I suck on her
     clit which sends her over the edge, flooding my mouth with her tasty
     cunt cream.

     After her show, my cock was hard and ready for action, standing
     straight up in the air.  She slithers her way off my face, sliding
     down my body till she climbs off of me.  She then does a seductive
     strip tease running her hands over her tits, down her sides as she
     peels off her teddy.  Her breasts bouncing with each sway of her
     hips, her nipples hard as my dick.  She slides the remainder of the
     teddy off her body.  She then stands over me and feeds me a tit, I
     hungrily suck her nipple into my mouth and run my tongue all around
     it.  I gently nibble on it, and without warning she pulls it out of
     my mouth.  I look at her with a shocked look and she says "the
     other's feeling left out of the fun" and she shoves the other into
     my mouth.  My head was swirling with the feelings of desire burning
     in my loins.

     She climbs on top of me, straddling my waist.  She takes my cock in
     one hand and with the other she parts her pouty cunt lips.  She
     slowly lowers herself on my shaft taking it inch by inch, swallowing
     it all.  She leans forward and begins slowly moving up and down.
     With each up stroke we hear the "slurrrrrrrrrrrp" of our motions.
     She started to move faster and faster, the sounds getting louder,
     her grunts getting louder and more frequent.  I feel her cunt walls
     trying to milk me of my spunk.

     her moans getting louder, my passions are ready to explode.  Before
     long the only sound in the room was our grunts and groans made in
     the throws of passion.  I let out a long "Arrrrrg" as my hot load
     shot into her pussy, which detonated her own orgasm.  Her body
     bounced, and bucked as if possessed, and she screamed  "Oh fucking
     yes!".  She collapsed against me, laying her head against my chest,
     and dozes off. My soften cock still inside of her, our combined
     juices dripping onto the bed.

     After her half hour nap, she finally stirs and wakes up.  She lets
     me out of the ropes which held me down, and kisses me, our tongues
     intertwined and murmurs "Thank you, tomorrow night we do your
     fantasy."
