                                    TIFFANY


      Tiffany had just turned seventeen when I met her.  She was a check out
girl in the small college town where I went to school.  I was 22 and already
accepted to law school.  I guess she really had a crush on me.  Her brother
was a fraternity brother of mine, and he wasn't to pleased with me seeing her.

      She was more sexy than beautiful, the kind of girl you just want to fuck
the hell out of.  She was 5' 7", 125 pounds, blue eyes, and reddish-blonde
hair.  Her skin was smooth and dark.  Her tits were average, about B-cups with
tiny areolas and pert nipples.  Her best features were her long legs and her
ass.  Her body was real firm.

      Now here I was, with this perky bright-eyed highschool girl, who would
do anything for me.  She was so loud and outgoing I figured she had been
fucked quite a few times.  Imagine my surprise when my little brother told me
she was still a virgin.

      From the moment I met her I knew I was going to fuck her.  However, I
didn't want to rush things so I kept it cool.  That didn't stop her.  She
would invite me over to her house when she got home from school.  We would go
downstairs into her room and we would mess around.  Innocent at first, things
gradually got hotter.

      I remember the first time anything serious happened between us.  She
called me from school and asked if I could pick her up after school.  I said I
was busy, and then she told me she was wearing a new mini skirt that was real
short and tight.  I got a hard-on thinking about those long legs exposed
beneath the tight leather hugging her virgin ass.  I told her I would pick her
up.

      I had been fucking since I was 16 and had been with a dozen girls--
nothing to impressive.  Four of them were steady girlfriends that I would bang
five or six times a week.  But there was something about Tiffany that was
irresistible.  As I drove to the highschool, plans for the afternoon, and the
chance of seeing her pussy made me horny.

      I parked in front of the school and soon Tiffany came walking over with
some of her friends.  They all seemed impressed with my Porsche (It was an
older model, but still in good shape).  I imagined fucking the little blond
freshman while Tiffany rubbed her pussy all over my face.  

      "Hi!", she said in her boisterous manner, "What took ya so long?"  She
leaned over and gave me a quick peck on the cheek.  I shifted my weight to
hide my hardening dick.  She waved good-bye to her friends as we pulled away
from the curb.

      The ride to her house seemed like an eternity.  We walked to the front
door and I casually asked if her parents were home.  "Why?...what do you have
in mind?," she cooed softly.  Before I could answer, she was in my arms.  She
nuzzled my neck, giggled and led me to the door.

      Once inside we made small talk and drank some soda pop.  Tiffany said
"Come on" and headed for the stairway leading to the basement.  Her bedroom
was really awesome.  The only room in the basement, it was half the size of
the house.  She had a queen size bed with a white lace bedspread.  I noticed
her teddy bear collection on her dresser.

      She turned on her radio and shut the door.  She then sat down on the
floor and I joined her there.  Before I knew it, we were making out.  She
pressed her tongue into my mouth harder than other girls, probably from her
inexperience.  "Relax" I told her, "just take it easy."  Then she said the
words I had been waiting for--"Why don't you show me what to do?"  That was
all the encouragement I needed.

      I laid her down on her back, and straddled one of her legs.  I let my
thigh rub against the mound of her pussy and she instinctively pushed her cunt
against my leg.  I kissed her--slowly at first, and then with increasing
pressure and passion.  I let my hands massage her small tits through her
blouse and bra.  She moaned softly, embarrassed by her feelings.

      After nibbling on her neck, I tugged her shirt out of her skirt and
gently raised it above her tits.  She was wearing a plain white bra and I
could see her nipples pressed against the padding.  She was bold enough to
unsnap the bra, and I teasingly kissed her stomach working my way to her tits. 
Her tits were the size of tennis balls and were very firm.  While I flicked my
tongue over her nipples, I eased my hand between her thighs.

      With my hand right below the hem of her mini-skirt, I could feel the
warmth from her crotch.  I grasped her thigh and slowly spread her legs.  I
stopped working on her tits and looked up at her.  Her eyes were shut and her
mouth was slightly opened.  When she opened her eyes, I just smiled at her and
asked her if she was having fun.  She smiled back, and then gently pushed me
off her.  She stuck both legs into the air and slipped out of her mini-skirt. 

      Here was a seventeen year old virgin in her satin white panties just
laying on her bedroom floor, just begging for more.  I removed my shirt and
shorts and laid between her legs.

      I began gently biting and licking the inside of her thighs, her tight
butt squirmed more and more the closer I got to her pussy.  With my nose at
her snatch, I grabbed the elastic band of her panties and pulled it aside
revealing the most beautiful pussy I have ever seen.  The lips were smooth and
very close together.  Wisps of reddish-blonde hairs covered her mound, she was
nearly hairless.  My cock jumped in by underwear as I feasted on this sight. 
Wanting to make this last a long time, I inserted a finger into her pussy,
gently working my way past the virginal lips.

      "Oh GOD!", she screamed, as my finger found her wetness.  She was really
getting into it.  Her breathing was short and her ass began to move up and
down in rhythm with my probing.  I spread her lips apart and licked her from
her asshole to her tiny clit.  Her pussy was so fresh, there wasn't any odor. 
I started nibbling her clit as I worked my finger in and out of her tiny hole. 
Her pussy was wrapped tight around my finger and I knew when I fucked her It
was going to be incredible!

      I felt her nearing orgasm but I wanted to tease her a little.  So I
stopped what I was doing and removed the rest of my clothes.  As I pulled my
underwear over my hips my cock sprung to attention.  Her eyes gazed at my
dick.  It is only 7" long, but its really thick.

      I told her to come to me, and she immediately got on her hands and knees
and crawled to my waiting prick.  I looked down at this young girl clad only
in her tight white panties, her tongue and lips inches from my prick.  She
looked up at me with confused eyes.

      I told her, "Just act like it is a popsicle, lick it all over and once
in a while suck it in and out of your mouth."  I pressed forward and she
parted her lips.  Her mouth was real wet and the head of my dick slipped in
easily.  She started licking the tip, and then let it pop out of her mouth. 
She ran her tongue up and down the base, really getting into it. 
Instinctively, she cradled my balls in her left hand and rubbed them gently. 
Then she tried to deep throat me, she kept working up and down on my prick,
trying to take a little more in her tiny mouth.  Aside from an occasional
brush with her teeth, the feeling was incredible--real wet and warm.  I
grabbed the back of her head and showed her the rhythm I liked.  

      I sensed she was getting tired, so I pulled my cock out of her mouth. 
When it popped out she looked up at me with eyes of lust.  She had pre-cum and
saliva around her mouth, she was panting from a shortness of breath.  I got
down on the floor next to her and gave her a wet kiss.

      "That felt so good.", I told her, "Are you ready for more?"  She nodded
her head in approval.  I pushed her back on the floor.  I ran my hand up the
outside of her legs until my fingers were on the waistband to her panties.  I
started to peel the panties off her ass, and Tiffany raised her hips to make
it easier.

      Tiffany was now completely naked, laying on her bedroom floor with her
legs bent at the knee.  I could see the little pink pucker of her asshole
beneath the beautiful cunt.  Drops of moisture and cum were visible on her
pussy lips.

      I got on top of her, resting my prick on top of her mound.  We kissed
passionately while I got her ready to take my cock into her tiny pussy.  I
massaged her tits, rubbing with more pressure than before.  I licked and bit
the nipples as my free hand found her hole.  I pumped my finger faster into
her cunt, and I knew she was ready.  I took a moment to grab the pillow from
her bed and slid it under her ass.  This raised her pussy of the ground to
make entry a little easier.

      I grabbed my dick and rubbed it up and down her slit, picking up some
lubrication to make entry a little easier.  I teasingly rubbed the head
against her clit--she moaned with pleasure.

      She panted, "Come on..Do it to me now...I can't wait any longer...Fuck
me....hard."  Hearing her say those words I almost came all over her cunt. 
Carefully I reached down and spread those virginal lips apart and slipped the
head inside.  I could tell she was surprised at how it stretched her pussy.

      The feeling was incredible, it felt like I was trying to slide my dick
between two bricks.  I told her to rock her hips back on the pillow.  As she
did, I started quick, short thrusts, trying to wedge my cock deeper into her
cunt on every third stroke.  Slowly I eased a couple inches in and I almost
came.  Her pussy was tight to begin with, and I swear she was trying to
tighten it even more.  A little farther and I felt her hymen.

      "Are you ready?" I asked her.

      "Yes, but please be gentle." she answered, uncertain if she was really
ready for this.

      I pushed hard, and went another inch deep, she let out a little "Oh!" as
my cock broke her maiden head.  To make it easier I figured I would put it all
in at once, better than a slow agonizing pain.  So quickly I worked my dick
all the way in.  I looked down and saw our pelvis together--I was all the way
in her cunt.

      She assured me she was okay.  I wanted her to feel as good as I did, so
I started fucking her with slow, careful strokes, trying not to think about
what was happening because I didn't want to cum so soon.

      Her pussy started to loosen a little, and she started to get the hang of
my rhythm.  She was moaning now, really getting into it.  Every stroke into
her pussy was a new sensation of pleasure for me, as if I was breaking new
ground again for the first time.

      "Oh god, Oh my god, It feels so good.  Oh yes, fuck me, fuck me hard,
fuck me harder, oh god, oh yes, ahhh, ahhh...", She was out of control.  She
dug her fingernails dug into my back and her legs were wrapped around the
small of my back.  I picked up the pace and fucked her for all I was worth. 
Her head was thrashing from side to side and I knew she was reaching orgasm. 
I tried to hold off, but couldn't.  Before I knew it I had reached the point
of no return.

      "I'm cumming.", I whispered to her.

      She opened her eyes to watch me as I filled her small snatch with my
load.  It felt like I would never stop cumming.  

      "That was incredible." I told her.  She just hugged me at gave me a
kiss.

      "I love you." she said.  This took me by surprise.

      "I love you too."  I said, not really sure if I meant it.  I figured she
was such a great piece of ass, that I could hang around for awhile to find
out.

      Pulling out of her pussy was as hard as getting it in.  After I was all
the way out, I noticed the frothy white cum dribbling from her hole.  Her lips
were swollen and apart.  I knew over the next couple of months I was going to
teach her things she never imagined were possible.

      I stood up, helped her to her feet, and we got dressed.  We went
upstairs moments before her mom got home from work.  The whole experience was
dangerous, but well worth it.  I will never forget this experience of my first
virgin--Tiffany.


ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
This quality file was downloaded from

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³       14400: 503-775-0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s
