Archive-name: Amazon/tigra.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Marines Have Landed.  Flat On Their Backs, The 


                    [Working Draft - Video] 
CAST

     Jeff and his two cohorts, all former Marines, run a gym in a
small town.  It's a Gold's Gym franchise.  

     Jeff is 5'10", 180 pounds, 40 years old but in excellent
condition.  He is powerfully built and known to be the toughest
man in the town; He thinks so too.  Ex-Marine, black belt in judo
and karate.  Jeff is proud of the fact that he has the only gym
in town and all look to him for fitness and self defense
training.  His gym is well attended by both men and women.

     Cohort No. 1 is 5'11" and 185 lbs.  At 45 years old, he is
getting a little flabby but still appears in good shape.  He is
wearing a white judo outfit held up by a black belt.  He is very
proud of his accomplishments in judo and karate.

     Cohort No. 2 is 22 years old.  Fresh out of the Marines. 
Over 6 feet tall, 192 pounds and muscle bound.  He is in super
shape and very proud of his black belt in judo/karate.  Not very
smart and has an angry streak that sometimes gets him in trouble. 
He too is wearing a full karate uniform.

     TIGRA is 28 year old with blond, medium length har and
striking looks.  She is 5'7" and a very fit 135 pounds.  Her
breasts are large and firm, and she is proud of them.  She has
long legs and knows that they are truly magnificient.  That is
why she wears only the top of half of her judo outfit with 4',
black heels.  She enjoys showing off her strong, shapely legs.
     
     Tigra is aggressive and highly competitive.   She has been
interested in the fighting arts since childhood.  By the time she
was 16 she could consistently beat up her two older brothers and
their friends.  In both highschool and college she dated guys on
the wrestling team.  From them, she learned how to wrestle and
found that wrestling and defeating her boyfriends was more sexual
for her than having sex.  

     Only recently has she taken up the martial arts.  She has
attained the level of brown belt but knows she is ready for her
black belt.  Before leaving Los Angeles, she had a private match
with her Korean instructor which proved she was ready.   She only
has to go back to L.A. to take the final test.

     TIGRA just opened a gym in "Jeff's" town.  If she wants to
keep it open, she'll have to take on the Marines.  She does!


SCENE ONE  (At Jeff's gym) 


                            COHORT 1

"Boss, I just heard that some woman has opened new gym facilities
across town. Said she's going to 'show Jeff's Gym how real
fitness training is supposed to be done.'"

                              JEFF
              (visibly angered, turns to Cohort 1)

"The hell she is!  This is the only gym in town, and no one's
going to change that!  You go over there and tell the bull-dyke
who runs that place to get herself out of my town."

                            COHORT 1

"Right boss." (Turns to leave)

                              JEFF

"Wait.  If you have too, kick her fat butt back to the dyke town
from where she came."

                            COHORT 1

"Be my pleasure boss."


NEXT SCENE (In front of Tigra's gym)

     Cohort 1 arrives at the cross town gym.  The sign across the
door reads: "THE WOMAN WARRIOR GYM".  In smaller letters below
the sign there is; "A Gym For The Competitive Woman".  Cohort 1
enters the gym but stops to read yet another sign attached to an
inside hallway wall: "Warning: Gym Is Open To men But At Their
Own Risk!"    
     
     Cohort 1 continues down the hall to find a woman, Tigra,
sitting at a desk.  Behind her is a large gym mat.  

                            COHORT 1
            (seeing the beautiful Tigra at the desk)

"I want to see the bull-dyke that owns the place. And I want to
see that ugly bitch NOW."


                              Tigra
(slowly stands and moves from behind the desk.  With her heels
she stands eye to eye with the cohort.  Looking at him, with a
sly smirk, she stands in a "ready position"; feet slightly apart,
left hand balled in a fist with right hand open covering her
fisted left.)

"How may I help you?"

                             COHORT 
"I told you, pretty little lady, I want to see the dyke owner of
this place!"

                              Tigra
"I'm the owner.  And how may I help you ... 'little man'"

                             COHORT
                     (a little flabbergast)

"My boss, the one that owns JEFF's GYM across town has a message. 
He says 'Get your fat ass' well er, in your case, your tight
little ass 'out of town!'"

                              Tigra
"Oh he does, does he!  And what if I tell you to tell your boss
that my sexy little ass is staying right here."

                             COHORT
"In that case, I am to kick your sweet little butt out of town
myself.  And I'm going to enjoy doing it.  

                              Tigra
"Oh you will, will you?  And just how you expect to kick my butt
... little man?"  

                             COHORT
                  (pointing to his black belt)

"You're just a brown belt.  Besides, you probably got THAT by
sleeping with your instructor."

                              Tigra
 (Says nothing.  Only motions Cohort to follow her to the mat. 
Both walk to the mat.  Cohort bows and steps onto the mat then
faces Tigra who is still standing before the mat.  Tigra looks at
him and barks out a command!)

"Come back here and take off my heels ... WIMP!"

                             COHORT
  (Instictively, because of his years in the Marines, Cohort 1
starts to obey the command and stoops in front of Tigra. 
Realizing what he's doing, he reels back)

"Wait a minute.  I don't have to do that."  
                              Tigra
"Well, we'll see about that."  (As she takes off her heels)
"We'll just see about that.  When I'm through with you, you'll be
doing alot of things for me."


     Both now on the mat, Tigra loosens her brown karate belt so
her perfectly shaped breasts are revealed.  She's not wearing a
bra.  The cohort is mesmerized by the sight.  Tigra completely
undoes the belt but keeps the uniform on.  Her breasts, muscled
stomach and bikini briefs are fully exposed.  Slowly and
confidently she moves towards the cohort.  Watching him gasp she
says

                              Tigra
""What's a matter loverboy? Never seen a 'bull-dyke' in underwear
before?  Bet you like what you see?  Isn't that right little
man?"

     Suddenly, with cat like speed, Tigra jumps and delivers a
roundhouse kick square to the cohort's chin.  He flys up and
tumbles backwards onto the mat.  Pleased with the move, Tigra
stands with hands on hip and smiles.

                              Tigra
"Oh, this is going to be fun.  By the way, when I'm done with
you, you'll tell your boss that the only place my butt went was
all over your face."

     With that the "fight" begins.  Cohort stands up and moves
towards Tigra with his arms stretched, attempting to grab her and
throw her down with a hip flip.  Instead, Tigra delivers a slash
with the edge of her hand.  The chop hits the Cohort on the mound
of his forearm.  The force with which its delivered instantly
numbs his entire arm.  The message is clear.  The Cohort knows
that Tigra is capable of taking care of herself.  A perfectly
executed snap kick to his shin sends the Cohort to the mat again.

                             COHORT
"Shit!"

     Cohort gets up.  Gains his composure and moves towards
Tigra.  Once again Tigra uses her body to distract the Cohort and
disrupt his concentration.  With her hand in a half fist, Tigra
drives a hammer blow to the nape of his neck.  She wheels around
and gets in back of the Cohort moving slightly to his side.  She
grabs his hair with one hand and places her foot into the back of
his knee.  Once in place, she completes the back takedown by
pulling his captured head back at the same time pushing his knee
forward with her foot.  The Cohort slams to the mat.  Tigra
places her foot on the Cohort's chest, holding him flat on his
back.  Looking down on him...
 
                              Tigra
"You know, I can beat you up fair and square.  But it's so much
more fun this way. (taking her breasts in her hands she starts to
massage them in a sensual manner).  Ohhh, it feels sooo good. 
Too bad you're not man enough to do this yourself."

     Now, in complete control, Tigra pulls the Cohort up by the
hair.  Facing him she delivers a fist blow directly to his
midsection.  With an "uumphh" the Cohort slumps to his knees. 
Looking down at him again...

                              Tigra
"Nightie night ... 'loverboy'."

     With a snap, Tigra's knee comes up and into the Cohort's
chin.  Spread eagled, he flies up and back, flat on his back. 
Out for the count.

                              Tigra
(walking over to him, Tigra sees the Cohort shaking his head
trying to get the cobwebs out.  He can't get up, and she knows
its.  She had won, however, there was never any doubt in her mind
that she would.  She stands over his head facing his feet.)

"Now, as I recall it, your boss wanted my butt somewhere.  Oh
yes.  Now I remember.  My butt is to go all over your face."

     With that, Tigra slowly lowers herself over the Cohort's
face.  She places the crack of her butt over his nose.  Her
cheeks cover the rest of his face and he is completely smothered. 
Reaching over to his midsection, Tigra unties the Cohort's black
belt. 
                              Tigra
"You really don't deserve this anymore, do you?  I have a nice
little white one I can give you, however."

     Tigra continues to taunt and torment the Cohort for little
longer.  When she is satisfied, she gets up, ties her judo jacket
with the Cohort's black belt, and walks to the end and off the
mat.

                              Tigra
"Ok, I'm finished with you.  You may CRAWL off the mat"

     Cohort 1 complies and crawls to and off the mat.  Still on
his knees...

                              Tigra
"Now, I promised that when I was through with you, you would be
doing alot of things for me.  Your first task is to put my heels
back on my feet.  Do it NOW, but do it gently!"
     Cohort 1 complies and places her heels back onto her feet.

                              Tigra
"Tell your boss if he wants a job done he shouldn't send a horny
little wimp like you!.  You may leave."


     Next scene is back at Jeff's gym.  He is angered as he has
been told about the events with Cohort #1.  He is talking to
Cohort #2.

     Cohort No. 2 is just 22 years old.  He is over 6' and muscle
bound.  He's not very smart and has an angry streak.  He too is
wearing a full judo outfit with black belt.

                              JEFF
"You go over there and break her in two.  Teach that little pussy
a lesson.  Don't be gentle.  I want you to bring her here on her
knees begging me for forgiveness.  Then we'll show her what a
pussy is meant for."

                           COHORT NO. 2
"Don't worry boss.  Pussy doesn't effect me like some people
(looking over to Cohort 1 with a sneer)  If she tries to use her
tits on me I'll twist 'em off!" 


Next Scene (At Tigra's gym)

      Cohort No. 2 arrives and sees Tigra is dressed in black
jockey briefs and black muscle shirt.  She's lifting individual
weights.  She sees the next cohort enter.  Putting down the
weights she moves to the center of the mat.  Again, hands on
hips.

                              Tigra
 "And I assume you're her to 'kick my butt' too?"  

                             COHORT
"That's right and no need to pull no tricks.  Pussy don't turn me
on so you don't need to take your clothes off for me.  I'm gonna
tear you in two, bitch!"

     Cohort #2 moves onto the mat and faces her in the center of
the mat.  He is poised in a karate stance.  

                              Tigra
"No (laughing) I already gave my karate lesson for the day.  If
you want one you'll need to sign up for the class.  If you're
anything like your cohort, the beginners starts on Tuesday."

     Cohort No. 2 takes off his judo top.  He ties his black belt
around his loose fitting judo pants.  He walks up to Tigra
stopping only inches from her face.

                             COHORT
"Well then, (he sneers) why don't I give you lesson in greco-
roman wrestling.  In case you don't know, it's a sport developed
by men for men.  Maybe its time we taught it to pussies."


     Without responding, Tigra grabs the Cohort's left arm with
her right hand.  With a closed fist from her left hand, Tigra
smashes the outside elbow of the Cohort's arm, bending it inward. 
Quickly she steps behind her opponent and twists his captured arm
back and up into his spine.  

                              Tigra
"This must be the 'rear bent-arm bar' you no doubt were going to
show me.  Isn't it! (she grabs his head back and pulls up on the
arm.)  Now, here's a little trick I bet you've never seen"

     Still holding his arm back and up towards his neck, Tigra
releases his head held by her other hand.  With that hand she
reaches down between his legs.  She grabs his cock, hard.

                              Tigra
"Hum.  No wonder you don't like pussy.  You got nothing here to
do anything good for one."

     Tigra lets go of the captured arm and at the same time steps
back and jerks the Cohort's captured cock with the other hand. 
In a swift motion, Tigra flips the Cohort completely up and over
and onto his back.

     Dazed, the Cohort gets back up and walks back to Tigra. 
Getting into her face again, he stops and just stares.
      
                              Tigra
"Greco-roman wrestling developed by men for men, huh?  (Smirking)
Why then do YOU know the sport?  Men have cock's, not little
pencil stubs like the one I just felt!"

                             COHORT
"Why you little cunt.  You're going down and I'm going to shove
this COCK of mine so deep into your mouth it's going to come out
your brains."  

     Tigra smiles and grabs his shoulders.  She looks him deep
into his eyes, and suddenly, kicks her knee hard up into his
groin.  The Cohort screams as he hears his balls pop.  Blackness
takes hold and he sinks to his knees.  He opens his eyes and sees
only the black bikini briefs covering Tigra's snatch.  She grabs
the back of his head and forces it forward, into and between her
slightly opened thighs.  His head is pushed through and she
clamps down, holding tight, in a standing head scissor.

                              Tigra
"If you had any, I would squeeze your brains out of your head
right now."  

     With that, Tigra clamps and squeezes.  Her tightly muscled
thighs strain while the Cohort screams in obvious pain.

     Tigra lowers herself onto the mat, keeping the Cohort
tightly between her thighs.

                              Tigra
"Now, in this hold, men teach other men to squeeze as hard as
possible.  To create as much pain as possible and eventually
force the opponent to submit.  However, before I do that to you, 
I am going to show you how a woman uses this hold.  You see, a
woman uses this hold much like nature uses the fragile but firm
shell of an egg to safely hold its yolk.  It's impossible for you
to get out yet you feel safe and secure as I lovingly envelop
your head within my beautiful legs and thighs."

     Grabbing him by the hair, Tigra positions him so he is
wrapped between her legs only a whisper away from her womanhood. 

                              Tigra
"I shall now teach you the difference between a pussy and a cunt. 
A pussy is that warm moist thing which I'm pushing against your
face.  The more I push, the moister it gets and the less you
resist.   As you feel the pussy wrap around your face you cease
to resist, your defenses lax and all your muscles relax."

     Cohort's muscles relax and he slumps into a warm, safe,
womblike euphoria.  He drifts into a complete surrender.

                              Tigra
"When I release the hold, the cold air replaces the warmth of the
pussy (she releases the hold and the Cohort is jolted back to
reality.  He tries to bolt from the mat).  Now the 'cunt' is the
bitch who has the pussy, ME!"

     With that, Tigra's superbly muscled legs, now spread
slightly apart, came thrusting together.  The Cohort's head,
centered between the blow of Tigra's thighs, cracks like the
shell of an egg.  He screams in pain and slumps flat to the mat. 
He is broken and utterly defeated. 

                              Tigra
"Awe, thats too bad.  (mockingly) I was so looking forward to the
wrestling lesson.  Maybe another time."

     Tigra gets up, removes the Cohort's black belt.  She pulls
the Cohort up to his feet.  Cohort turns to leave, shoulders
slumped, and meekly starts walking.

                              Tigra
"Oh by the way, when you first came in, you told me you weren't
turned on by pussy and didn't want me to undress.  The next time
we meet, You will take off my clothes if I so order." 

     Cowed, the cohort leaves.

Next Scene (At Tigra's gym.  Out front by the sign)

     Jeff is chewing out both cohorts who still looked beaten and
humiliated.  

                              JEFF
"So this is the cunt's place.  Take not gentlemen.  I will now
show you what it means to be a Marine."  

     (Jeff stops to read the sign.)

                              JEFF
"'Woman Warrior'.  What a joke.  If she can last three minutes
with me I'll kiss her feet in front of my members."

     Jeff mumbles as he walks past the sign in the hallway.  Once
inside, Jeff and Cohorts stop. [Camera pans to front view of Jeff
and Cohort.  Jeff's look is stern.  The Cohorts' eyes are wide
open in amazement.]

                              JEFF
"Well, Well.  Planning to leave?"

     Camera pans away from Jeff, 90 degrees and shows a view of
the floor.  Camera begins to pan up and we see black stiletto
heels, black pants, hands on hip, black vest, black bra, and
finally Tigra's smirking smile.  She has the two black belts
hanging around her neck.  
                              Tigra
"Why you must be the 'big boss'.  I was just on my way to a
gathering of your gym members.  I'm taking these (pointing to the
Cohort's black belts) for show and tell.  I have a feeling your
gym is going to be a little empty from now on!"

                              JEFF
"Not so fast, missy.  You still have me to get past.  No man has
ever defeated me.  So you know what I can do to little girls."

     Jeff motions to his Cohorts.  One takes off Jeff's judo
jacket.  The other unties his black belt and helps Jeff out of
his pants.  Jeff is standing there in bathing trunks.  He is in
excellent shape.

                              Tigra
"Ohh.  I'm impressed.  Well, I have a few minutes. (Tigra looks
over and points to Cohort #1.)  "Come over here loverboy, and
take off my shoes!".  

     Cohort #1 obeys.  Kneeling to take off her shoes, he is
dismissed once his task is completed.   

                              Tigra
"(Looking at cohort #2, Tigra smirks) Remember what I told you? 
You're turn."  

     Cohort #2 meekly moves to Tigra.  Standing in front of her
with his head lowered, #2 falls to his knees when Tigra snaps her
fingers and points to the ground.  

                              Tigra
"Now 'big man!', take off my pants."

     Cohort #2 raises his hand to pull down the zipper of her
pants.  Tigra knocks his hand away. 

                              Tigra
"Not that way, wimp.  With your teeth!"

     Tigra unsnaps her buckle and Cohort #2 proceeds to pull down
her pants zipper with his teeth.  He then pulls down her pants
using his face.  With his face holding her pants down on the mat,
Tigra steps out of the pants.  She removes the black belts
hanging from her neck.  She takes off her vest and gives it to
#2.  Standing there in black bikini and black bra, she takes the
black karate belts and ties them around her waist.  Looking at
Jeff...

                              Tigra
"Now I'm going to add yours to my collection."

                              JEFF
"Why you little CUNT. I think I am going to have to show you just
who is boss in this town."  

     Tigra steps close to Jeff.  Using her sensuality, she runs
her fingers across his lips. 

                              Tigra
"You see, that's the difference between you and me.  You think
you are going to show me who's boss.  I am GOING to show you that
I'm the boss.  I'm going to show you that it is "SHE who must be
obeyed!"

     Slapping her hand away, Jeff stares into Tigra's eyes. 
Staring back Tigra takes Jeff's hands and they enter into a test
of strength.  Tigra, drawing on her inner strength, begins to
force Jeff slowly to his knees.  As he goes down, Tigra begins to
smirk.  Forcing him fully to his knees, Tigra continues the
pressure forcing Jeff's hands down onto the mat as well.  Jeff is
on all fours.  Tigra lets go of his hands, straightens up and
steps onto his hands with her feet.  Bewildered, Jeff looks up at
Tigra.  His eyes begging her to let him up.

                              Tigra
"Don't beg.  At least not yet." 

     Tigra lifts one foot and places it on his head and forces
his face into the mat.  She looks triumphant with hands on her
hips and foot atop of Jeff's head.  After a long minute, she
releases Jeff and takes a few steps back.

                              Tigra
"Ok, I taught loverboy the womanly art of karate.  Then I gave
the big man a lesson in female power wrestling.  Think I'll teach
you how to box!"

     They put on the gloves.  Tigra is intense, at first.  But as
the match continues and her jabs and powerful rights begin to
connect she senses the victory.  Jeff is always backing up,
defending himself.  When he jabs or tries to to swing at her,
Tigra is seldom there.  Soon, Tigra puts Jeff away with a series
of right-left combinations that leaves him down, dazed and
destroyed.  Jeff tries to get up but his legs won't support him.

                              JEFF
"(On his hands and knees)  Please, no more.  I admit it.  You're
better than me.  The best I've ever faced!"

                              Tigra
"Good.  Now earlier, you called me a cunt.  You're right, I am. 
Now I'm going to prove it to you, 'up close and personal'."  

     With that Tigra pushes Jeff down on his back and slowly
lowers herself onto his face.  Grinding her pussy into his face,
she claims her victory.

     As a final humiliation, Tigra has one of the Cohorts take a
picture as she sits squarely on Jeff's face, her arms raised up
"making a muscle".  

                              Tigra
                    (Looking into the camera)

"I'll get this blown up and frame it for the hallway.  I'll title
it; 'The Marines Have Landed.  Flat On Their Backs!."

Final scene

  Tigra standing looking straight into the camera.  She's in her
karate top and high heels.  In front of her, either on all fours
or kneeling, are Jeff and his cohorts.  Their black belts are
used as leashes, tied around their necks, being held by Tigra.  

                              Tigra
"(Looking into the camera) "Yes, Jeff here kissed my feet in
front of his membership.  Didn't you Jeff (he nods).  Why don't
you show these people how good you've gotten at kissing my feet
(he does).  Good!  

(Tigra still looking straight into the camera) "Now You!, the one
with your cock in your hand.  Come over here.  Now!  You saw what
I did to these wimps.  You know I can do that to you, too.  Don't
you!  Or would you like to try me.  You can find me at my gym. 
The Warrior's gym.  And remember, 'The Woman Warrior Always Knows
Her Place.'  And that's on your face!  Think about it ..... fade
to black (and blue).



                              -end-
--
