        ³                         "Tilly"                         ³
        ³                                                         ³
        ³                    By The Woodpecker                    ³


There is a special place that I would like you to know about.  It's my own
mail folder at Gary and Heather's BBS, in Atlanta, Georgia, (404-244-7059).
I call my special place "HEATHER'S IN & OUT BOX."  Please feel free to give
me a call there anytime.  You can leave me messages, let me know what you
think about my stories, or just engage in some chit-chat.  Come and join in
on some good ole' adult fun with me and my friends.  Bring along some of
your own friends if you like...we'd love to have you all!  I'm sure we can
have a delightfully wonderful time together.

                   Hope to hear from you soon!
                                                Heather Dawson, Sysop
        ³ The following story was authored by one of the growing  ³
        ³ number of erotic writers that make Gary & Heather's BBS ³
        ³ their home.  Our OWN GROWN tales of erotica are proving ³
        ³ to be some of the hottest, wildest, most exciting that  ³
        ³ can be!                                                 ³
        ³                                                         ³
        ³ Our OWN GROWN authors write with sincerity, in hopes    ³
        ³ that you will be able to empathize with the eroticism,  ³
        ³ joy, and sensitivity that they themselves possess. Come ³
        ³ and share with our family in our fantasies AND real-life³
        ³ sexual experiences!                                     ³

        ³                         "Tilly"                         ³
        ³                                                         ³
        ³                    By The Woodpecker                    ³

       COPYRIGHT (C)  1991 -  By The Woodpecker (cml)  - All rights
       reserved except  as provided for herewith: This document MAY
       BE freely  reproduced, or  transmitted by  any form  or  any
       means, electronic  or  mechanical,  including  photocopying,
       recording, or  information storage  and  retrieval  systems,
       electronic bulletin  board systems,  or magnetic  media,  or
       other means deemed suitable, providing it is not modified in
       part or whole nor sold, or combined with other products sold
       commercially, without  the express written permission of the
                                  author.

          Gary & Heather's BBS, Atlanta, Georgia - (404) 244-7059
                "OUR OWN GROWN QUALITY STORIES OF EROTICA"

        I sat  on the futon with  the remote in one  hand, a
     cigarette in the other, flipping through the  channels.
     I  caught a  glimpse of  lingerie  and clicked  back to
     "Twin  Peaks,"  imagining the  sight  of Sherilyn  Fenn
     half-naked over me. Another dull  Saturday night. Tilly
     was working until close again  at the restaurant, which
     usually meant  she'd be  too tired  to want  to go  out
     afterwards. We  hadn't seen  each other  all week,  and
     even though we'd talked on the phone, I was going crazy
     from her absence. I didn't have much to look forward to
     lately except  her. Jobs  were scarce,  and my  savings
     were nearly shot.
        I  can't really afford to  go out anyway, I thought,
     and crushed my cigarette. "Twin Peaks" was ending and I
     flipped over to the local news. My eyes were on the TV,
     but my  thoughts were on Tilly. I  wondered how serious
     she thought we  were. I  had been in  love before,  but
     this seemed  solid, secure.  I didn't  want to  ruin it
     though, and only recently had we begun to get physical,
     quick kisses  here, a  loving pat  there. My  fantasies
     were  filled with images of Tilly in positions we shied
     away from speaking of.
        The anchorwoman began  prattling about  unemployment
     figures.  I didn't want  to be  reminded, so  I clicked
     over to Cinemax.  A brunette was moaning  while prudish
     camerawork zoomed in on her face  and faded to black. I
     was about to turn the set off when the phone rang.
        "Hi, sweetie, it's me." Porcelain and  steel crashed
     together in the background as Tilly spoke. "We've got a
     late rush, so I don't know  when I'll be off. Hopefully
     soon, but don't count on it."
        "Well, okay, what time do you think?"
        "Oh, midnight I imagine. I've got to run. Want me to
     call later?"
        "Yeah, sure, I'll be  up," I said, trying to  put an
     eagerness into the words. "Maybe we can--"
        "Sorry, manager's  calling, I'll talk  to you  soon.
     Bye."
        I  lit another cigarette and blew a few smoke rings.
     Midnight, half an hour to clean  up, ten minutes to get
     over here, ten minutes  til last call at the  bars. "No
     way," I murmured. My spirits  fell from their momentary
     high on the  phone. I  really needed to  see Tilly,  to
     reassure myself that I  wasn't all alone, to affirm  my
     mind's elaborations of  her face and the  echoes of her
     laughter. I rested my  head on the cushions  and slowly
     drew deep breaths to rinse the dull ache from my chest.
        Nothing to do but wait.
                              ~~~~~
     I jerked  awake to  the bleat  of the  phone. I  groped
     above my head and held the receiver to my ear.
        "Hello?" I croaked.
        "Did I wake you?"
        "No, no, just something in  my throat. What's up?" I
     covered the phone and coughed my esophagus open.
        "You were asleep," Tilly said. "I'll just let you go
     back to bed."
        "No, wait, what time is it?"
        "Almost one. I knew I  shouldn't call this late, but
     I  thought  maybe   you'd  be   watching  a  movie   or
     something."
        "Just dozed off  for a  second. So what  are you  up
     to?" My blood raced in hopes of seeing her.
        "I don't know.  I'm too  charged up  to go  straight
     home, but I guess the bars are closed. Damn."
        I pictured her biting her lower lip and ruffling her
     long brown hair  as she  looked at the  clock. After  a
     pregnant pause,  I said, "I've  got beer and  wine over
     here.  Why don't you come on over and have a drink? I'd
     really like to see you. It's been ages."
        "Six  days!" Tilly  laughed. "Well,  if you're  sure
     you're up--"
        "Yes, come on  over. I'll  see you  in what,  twenty
     minutes?"
        "Make it half an hour.  I have to at least  wash the
     smell of tomato sauce off. See you in a few."
        I hurried  through the apartment,  straightening the
     mess up a  little if  not actually cleaning.  I try  to
     keep things basically orderly, but dust and dishes tend
     to  accumulate.  With the  ashtrays dumped,  the dishes
     rinsed  and  stacked  in  the  sink, and  the  bathroom
     touched up (I do draw the line at a filthy toilet), I'd
     just settled back onto the futon  in clean jeans and an
     oxford when Tilly knocked and walked in.
        "Hey!" I said, wearing a Cheshire grin.
        "Hi! Long time no see!"  Tilly dropped her purse and
     coat on  a chair and sat down next  to me with a breeze
     scented with  lavender. She  kicked her  pumps off  and
     curled her slender legs under her, modestly holding her
     denim skirt  down. After  adjusting her  green cashmere
     sweater, she settled into the cushions. "What's  this?"
     she asked, nodding at the TV.
        "I don't know. Something silly."  I switched over to
     the preview channel to see what else was on. "Watch for
     something interesting  while I  get you  that beer."  I
     left to rummage through the  fridge, returning with two
     glasses and a bottle of chablis.
        "I lied," I said. "No beer."
        "This is fine," Tilly said. "And `Casablanca' starts
     at 2:30. If you're awake."
        "Make that WE. You know how you zonk out after a few
     glasses of wine."
     I handed her a  glassful and poured some for  myself. I
     settled next to  her and listened to  the travesties of
     the night's work, admiring her features without ogling,
     listening passively.
        ". . . so the drunks finally left, and since most of
     the closing stuff was done, I  got off right after. And
     I  did make  seventy-five dollars."  Tilly  drained her
     glass and refilled it.
        "Well  that's  not  so  bad  for a  Christmas  break
     weekend," I said.
        "I can't  complain. So."  Her blue  irises sparkled.
     "Thanks for listening. I  just have to get work  off my
     mind and off my chest. What have you done tonight?"
        It  must  have  been  the  alcohol that  tripped  my
     tongue: "Finished a poem."
        "Can I read it?" Tilly hunched forward slightly.
        "Maybe  finished  isn't  the   right  word--revised,
     maybe. I don't think it's quite done."
        Tilly sat back a bit, stared  down into her glass as
     she  sipped.  I wanted  to  show  her my  work,  but it
     happened to be a love poem to her,  a poem whose effect
     I couldn't predict. But she  sat there looking dejected
     for several minutes  as we  drank, and better  judgment
     dissolved.
        "You really want to read it?"
        A broad smile  creased her face. "Yes,  if you don't
     mind."
        I  retrieved  the latest  revision  from a  sheaf of
     papers on the end-table and handed  it to her. I almost
     chickened out by  excusing myself to the  bathroom, but
     the  way Tilly  twirled  her fingers  in  her hair  and
     smiled with the poem in her hands held me to my seat. I
     sipped nervously while she read.
        Her  eyes  moved  across  the  lines,  paused,  then
     retraced the  words once more  before looking to  me. I
     tried  to  gauge  her  feelings  about the  semi-erotic
     amorous longings I'd expressed so frankly on paper, the
     emotions which I couldn't convey in conversation. Tilly
     massaged the toes  of her  left foot and  stared at  me
     poker-faced.  I  put  my  hands  out  in  a  supplicant
     gesture. Tilly straightened her legs  and let me cradle
     her feet in my lap. I  began rubbing the weariness from
     them while the poem lay mute between us.
        "I feel warm and wonderful," she finally said.
        "I do my best  to give a good massage."  I worked my
     thumbs along her  arches, fighting  the sexual urges  I
     felt at the texture of the tight nylon.
        "Not just that."  She picked up the poem and re-read
     a few lines. "You never said  anything like this to me.
     No one has." Her  hands grasped mine and I  looked into
     her blushing face. "Why didn't you just tell me how you
     felt?"
        "You  know how  I am.  I just  don't communicate  my
     feelings well. Not in  front of people anyway.  I write
     better than I speak."
        Tilly squeezed my hands. "Dance with me."
        We stood and I put some  soft music on. Tilly curled
     into my body and  swayed with my steps. Her  warmth and
     scent  aroused  me  as  her  head  cradled  against  my
     shoulder. I rubbed her lean  back through the cashmere,
     the sweater  soft as  her cool  china hands.  I felt  a
     spark building as we shuffled over the carpet.
        It wasn't long before  we were simply swaying in  an
     embrace, her fingers shadowing mine as we traversed our
     bodies' landscapes.  With renewed fear of  breaking the
     spell  I kept my hands chastely  above her waist, until
     she slipped  her fingers  inside my jeans.  I began  to
     inscribe circles on her shoulderblades, spiraling along
     her  vertebrae  until I  was  cupping her  buttocks and
     kneading them in alternating geometric patterns.
        "Kiss me,"  she  whispered, moving  her  mouth  over
     mine. We stood like  marble, our only movements in  our
     jaws and tongues as we pressed together, absorbing each
     others' pent-up passions. Tilly's arms wrapped as a boa
     clenching its prey,  and I simply stood  solid, praying
     that the contact wouldn't end.
        Tilly finally stepped  back, opening her eyes  to my
     gaze, and reaching behind to take  my hand in hers. Her
     eyes sparkled with moist happiness, and I kissed away a
     tear  which overran  its dam. We  turned in  unison and
     resumed our slow  dance, whispering  the lyrics of  the
     love song filling the room.
                              ~~~~~
        Before  long  we were  cuddled  close on  the couch,
     swallowing the last of the wine. My joy was almost able
     to overcome my  insecurities, but  deeply lodged in  my
     mind  was  a sense  of  dread. Something,  somehow, was
     going to  fail, I  just knew  it.  But I  sat with  the
     thrill of warmth and love,  cataloging the emotions and
     sensations I enjoyed with Tilly.
        When the  music stopped,  Tilly walked  over to  the
     stereo and shut it off. I  admired her curvature as she
     bent, and she caught  my smile when she turned  back to
     me. With a toss of her hair and a lick of her lips, she
     stepped toward the  bedroom, looking over her  shoulder
     to lead me with her stare. Nervously, I proceeded  down
     the hall, a few feet behind.
        I stopped in  the doorway and again  appreciated the
     female form,  trailing my  eyes along  her softly  lit,
     curled  body on  the  bed. No  longer was  she modestly
     adjusting  her  skirt--it had  pulled  up beneath  her,
     letting her legs  show their entire length,  flowing up
     and over the peaks of hips into the strong surge of her
     buttocks. She  kicked off  her shoes  and extended  her
     toes like a ballerina in piroutte, falling over to  her
     back with her arms outstretched, beckoning.
        I laid on  the bed alongside her,  waiting for Tilly
     to reinstigate the touches to demonstrate her desire to
     go further. Too many times, it  seemed, I was too eager
     to  push  the  edges  of  the  envelope,  letting  lust
     overcome love, burning myself. I would gladly be led by
     the ear with Tilly.
        The pull of her hand behind my thigh dismissed these
     thoughts.  As  she brought  my  leg across  hers, Tilly
     lifted her jaw  to kiss  me. I relaxed  the muscles  in
     both my  neck and  thigh and  half-covered her  with my
     body. Our mouths were like a stormy sea of flying fish,
     mating at the crests of  their surges. Breaths whistled
     in my ears. The  strum in my chest beat  double-time to
     Tilly's kneading  grips on my  back. Pressure increased
     as she  strained against  my weight  like an  isometric
     exercise.  My  extended  member   was  trapped,  pinned
     between layers of cloth and flesh, and I wondered about
     Tilly's body's response  as I ran  my lips down to  the
     cleft of her neck. With her hands roaming my denim-clad
     extremities,  I  eased  a  hand  under her  soft  green
     sweater.
        My  fingers  could  hardly   detect  the  difference
     between the cashmere and her body. My palms  were damp,
     and to  avoid the  unpleasant friction of  wet and  dry
     skin, I  skidded my  fingernails up  her torso,  higher
     into the heat  between us, rewarded with  a sharp whisk
     of air past Tilly's  teeth. I traced the lower  edge of
     her bra while I nuzzled her earlobes, and I was pleased
     with her ardent clasps on my muscles.
        "Is this okay?"  I murmured in her  ear, momentarily
     ceasing my caresses.
        "God, you have to ask?"
        "I  don't   want  any  misunderstanding,   any  hurt
     feelings, any . . . anything to push us apart." I put a
     light kiss on her nose.
        "Nothing's coming between us, honey. I want you more
     than anyone." Tilly rolled away from me and sat up. She
     brought me nearer with a curl of her fingers, and began
     unbuttoning my shirt:  a kiss above the  button, button
     released, kiss again, then move down for the next. Soon
     her  hands roamed freely over my  chest, and I shrugged
     the shirt off  my shoulders. I  was about to reach  for
     her sweater when  her fingers encircled my  nipples and
     she bent  her head to  them. I jerked  involuntarily at
     the tickle, but regained my  balance quickly and closed
     my eyes to enjoy her touch.
        Tilly pushed  me back  and massaged  my torso  while
     tracing its striations  with her tongue. I  stroked her
     silky hair, delighting in  its softness and the  way it
     seemed  to blend  into  the cashmere  on  her back.  An
     overwhelming warmth came over me,  filling my body with
     honey. I worshiped  her face, so delicately  shaded and
     highlighted  in  the  dim room,  inscribing  her visage
     indelibly in my  mind. I would  call that memory up  at
     every spare moment, I knew. I  eased forward and put my
     lips to her  cheek, prompting her  to turn her head  to
     take my warm breath into her once again.
        Her  breasts  were firm  and supple  on my  chest. I
     lifted a hand  to brush the  side of one, and  my other
     hand  targeted  her ass.  I slid  it  up her  skirt and
     cupped a silky cheek tightly.  Tilly groaned and lifted
     her head,  exposing her neck  to my dancing  tongue and
     her  breast  to  my  palm.   Her  nipples  were  indeed
     stiffening, and I pushed against the roundness under my
     fingers while inhaling deep tastes of lavender.
        When she slipped the sweater  quickly over her head,
     I laughed at the  completeness of the effect: her  lacy
     bra was light purple to go with her scent. I sat up and
     lifted her skirt to  find the matching hue  masking her
     mound. Tilly  slapped my  hand away  and giggled,  then
     turned around and teased the hem up her thighs until it
     bunched  around her waist. I  bent to kiss the lavender
     cheeks  while  releasing  the  button of  the  garment,
     unzipping it, and bringing it down and off her legs.
        "No  denim allowed," Tilly  said, standing  over me.
     With a grin I straightened beside  her and held my arms
     wide, inviting  her to  enforce her  rule. Her  fingers
     pulled my button-fly apart and she eased my jeans to my
     ankles by crouching  down onto  her knees. My  erection
     was poorly disguised  in my boxers, and she  pulled the
     opening apart like curtains, pursed  her lips, and blew
     over the hot skin within. She crawled forward until her
     encased breasts pushed  against my thighs and  shot her
     tongue past the fabric.
        I groaned at  the moist contact, a  sensation nearly
     forgotten. She kissed  the shaft and ran  her tongue up
     to my head  before putting her  lips to my cock  again.
     Kiss;  kiss again; one more, then  holding my soft head
     lightly between  her  teeth, tongue  curled around  its
     base. I was tempted  to put my hand behind her head and
     urge her further,  but I resisted. It  wasn't a moment,
     though, before she  eased forward of her  own volition,
     sucking tenderly until she filled  her mouth. After two
     or  three strokes, I did rest my hands on her head, and
     she began rocking back and forth more quickly.
        "Feels so  good, babe,"  I growled.  "So very  good,
     mmmmmm."  I  could feel  my  orgasm welling  between my
     legs, the tell-tale  tightening of  the tendons in  the
     inner thigh. "Mmmmmmm, ooooh, God, won't be long--"
        Tilly left my  cock and  wrapped her fingers  around
     it. "Not yet, don't cum yet, darling." She looked up at
     me, stroking gently and licking her lips. "Tell me  how
     much you want it. Talk to me."
        I forced my mouth to form words, my tongue seemingly
     swollen from the  sexual tension. "I  want to cum  with
     you. I want  to lick you all over, and glide my fingers
     into  your  every  crevice  and  fold, and  pinch  your
     nipples with my  teeth until you're overcome. I want to
     suck your  nipples, and suck  your clit until  you're a
     bath of cum,  and then  you'll take me  back into  your
     mouth until I cum on your tongue, on your face, on your
     tits, and then rub it all in."
        "I want to cum with you,"  Tilly echoed. "I want you
     to eat my pussy until your  face is soaked, and finger-
     fuck  me while  you're  nibbling my  clit, and  I'll be
     sucking  your cock until it explodes on me, and tasting
     your jism, and helping  you rub your juice all  over my
     hot tits. Do you like the  way I said that?" she asked,
     feeling my  rigidity  jump in  her grasp  on the  words
     "fuck," "cock," and "tits."
        "You should have your mouth washed out, young lady,"
     I laughed.
        "Wash it for me, stud,"  Tilly replied, standing and
     forcing her  tongue into my  mouth. I pushed  the organ
     back  and  caressed her  lips with  my own,  sliding my
     tongue over the  wet textures.  Her warm flesh  pressed
     against  me, and I  reached around to  release her bra,
     sliding my hands once  again to the sides of  her tits,
     leaning back slightly to get  to the nipples. I kneaded
     her mounds roughly, lifting,  turning, pulling on  them
     like enormous  joy-sticks.  My prick  pushed  into  her
     waist just above her navel, and I arched my back to put
     its tip  into the  indention. That  ended the  kiss, as
     Tilly started laughing.
        "It's a little  lower," she mocked, holding  my cock
     and  swirling it in  a circle around  her belly button.
     Then she stepped back and dropped the bra to the floor.
     She  pulled  her hair  up  and  stood in  a  lewd pose,
     playing  the model, forcing  her tits out  in all their
     glory. I took the chance to drop to my knees before her
     purple waist,  steering her around  to lie back  on the
     bed. Tilly  guessed the  proper position  and held  her
     legs apart with her ass at the edge of  the mattress. I
     gazed for a  moment, enraptured, before licking  my way
     along her thighs to their crest.
        The panties evidenced her arousal,  and I tasted the
     sweet juices from  the fabric  before pulling it  away.
     Her pussy was sparsely furred with deep brown hair, and
     I sent a breeze through her thatch before touching  it.
     Her muscles tightened when  my lips met her labia,  and
     they clenched further when I extended my tongue between
     them. I  put a  long, narrow  stroke from  end to  end,
     following  with a  broad  lap along  each lip.  With my
     mouth wide open, I covered the top of her cunt, sending
     my tongue in search of her clit. Closing my jaw, I held
     her button  gently in  a vise  of lip-covered  teeth. I
     sucked at the seal, and  heard a deep groan  resounding
     in Tilly's chest.  I released,  then continued a  cat's
     lapping  while  fingering  her  puffy  folds. Her  legs
     raised above her  and she grasped her  ankles, exposing
     herself even more, an unspoken encouragement and plea.
        I framed her twat with my  hands on her ass, holding
     her  open with  my index  fingers  as my  tongue dipped
     deeper into her juicy pink orifice. I pushed my nose in
     and  slid it  upwards, coating  my face  in pale  white
     fluid. I  tapped  her clit  again  and then  rifled  my
     tongue over  her sex,  zipping  up and  down, back  and
     forth, frenzied like a shark following chum.
        "Oh,   God,   oh   shit,   oh   damngoddamngodDAMNit
     OOOOhhhhhh!" Tilly  forced the  words out  as her  body
     wracked in orgasm. I eased off  for a few seconds, then
     tapped her  clit  with my  tongue:  her arms  and  legs
     flopped  onto the  bed and  her hands  clenched  in the
     comforter. Another,  smaller orgasm tweaked  her nerves
     before  she took several  deep breaths. I  slid up onto
     the bed and ran my lips  over her forehead, cheeks, and
     chin.
        "I love you," I whispered.
        She smiled and kissed me back.  "I love you too." We
     slid up to the head of the bed and cuddled for a while,
     fondling  each  other's  nipples  and intertwining  our
     legs. Drops of pre-cum perched  precariously on my cock
     and dripped  to  my stomach  now  and then,  and  Tilly
     eventually smeared  them  onto  her  finger  and  began
     swirling them  over my  rigid staff.  Soon my  cock was
     completely smeared with the sticky moistness, and Tilly
     put her hand around it. With only  a few strokes, I was
     on  the verge  of coming.  She sensed my  condition and
     enveloped me with her mouth.
        I murmured nonsense syllables as she stroked me with
     her tongue,  and  before  I  could clamp  down,  I  was
     pumping  into  her   throat.  Tilly  pulled  back   and
     swallowed as the  last spasms decorated her  chest with
     creamy designs. I  caught my  breath watching her  play
     with the viscous fluid, running  it along her cleavage,
     spreading  it  onto  her  tits,  spotting it  onto  her
     nipples. I smiled and licked a  bead onto my tongue and
     deposited it  onto hers with  a long kiss.  I retrieved
     some additional moisture from her pussy and tweaked her
     nipples, lubricated with our combined juices.
        Tilly never let me soften completely: her hands were
     on  my cock as soon as I  had attacked her nubbins, and
     she  stroked  me  expertly to  erection,  albeit  a bit
     spongier  than  before.  Our  mouths  played  joyfully,
     working  in   unison  as   though  we   had  years   of
     familiarity.  My   usual  let-down  after   orgasm  was
     bypassed, circumvented by the utter inhibition, intense
     culmination, and  rapid resumption  of our  lovemaking.
     Both  of us  were  flushed with  desire and  given over
     wholly  to the  other. I  was  completely at  ease, and
     eagerly reached for her in mutual masturbation.
        Tilly moved to face me,  spreading my legs with hers
     so  that our limbs  formed a diamond.  Then she scooted
     forward until our groins were  nearly touching. I could
     feel her heat,  and I placed  my fingers over her  open
     pussy as  she took my cock. I  eased my digits into her
     and slowly fucked her as she  jacked me, gazing at each
     other with broad smiles of contentment.
        "Screw me, honey," Tilly said. "Put those fingers in
     me,  grind my  pussy, make  her wetter  and  hotter for
     you."
        "Pull  my  cock,"  I  responded.  "Play  me  like  a
     clarinet,  run  me like  a  gearshift, get  me  hard to
     plunge into you like you know you want it."
        "I want it all right, I want it deep, I want it all,
     I  want  YOU." With  that, she  grasped  me and  sat up
     against my  chest, aiming my  cock at her  opening. She
     slid me along her wet slit a few times, then eased down
     until her pussy was rubbing my balls.
        "She's got a ticket to ri-ide," I hummed. "She's got
     a ticket to ri-i-ide,  she's got a ticket to  ride, and
     she don't  care!" I tried to thrust  upwards, but Tilly
     was  in  control, eagerly  bouncing  for a  while, then
     grinding against me. She  had one hand on her  clit and
     the other around my  balls, rolling them along her  ass
     and squeezing them rhythmically. I  put my hands to her
     hanging tits and  sucked at  her nipples, ringing  them
     with saliva and sucking them dry, tasting our sweet and
     salty cum. Our gasps  filled the room, and the  air was
     thick with our musky odors.
        Tilly  felt  my  orgasm  coming  and  pushed  on  my
     perineum  to hold it  back, clenching  her pussy  on my
     hardon. I squeezed the flesh in my hands, pulled at the
     nipple between  my teeth,  and with  a  yelp, she  fell
     forward, my  cum releasing into  her as her  own orgasm
     rippled down her spine. We clenched in a tight embrace,
     groaning hoarse words of lust.
        I  caressed  her  shoulders  as Tilly  gathered  her
     strength. We laved the skin closest to our mouths as we
     spiraled back  to time and  place. When I  had softened
     and fallen from within  her, Tilly slid to my  side and
     laid her head on my bicep, dozing with a smile. I put a
     finger to her chin and raised her face to my sight. Her
     eyes opened and she puckered her lips. I planted a kiss
     on them and sat up to turn down the sheets.
        Tilly wriggled  under  the  bedclothes  and  wearily
     gestured me in.
        "Hold me," she whispered, and curled into my chest.
        As I  laid with Tilly,  arms wrapped about  her like
     Christmas  package  ribbon,  matching  her  soft,  deep
     breaths, I blessed  the swelling  in my heart,  blessed
     the love sealed securely within.
                      *+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*
     Did you like this? Would you like to  see more? I enjoy
     writing erotica, but without some encouragement from my
     readers, it  sometimes seems a  wasted effort.  Authors
     need feedback to improve their  writing and to maintain
     their enthusiasm. How about a short message on Gary and
     Heather's BBS expressing your reaction?  (If you've not
     called this wonderful board, you're  missing one of the
     best in the country.) Thanks in advance.
                                                 --- "Woody"
 OWNGROWN EROTICA from Gary & Heather's BBS, Atlanta 404/244-7059
