			Tim and Lisa

Ah Tim? Would you like to go out to dinner tonight?

Tim glanced at the door of his office to see Lisa leaning
against the doorjam. She was wearing a bright red shirt over a pair
of black jeans. Her blonde (dyed!) hair fell across her face and
shoulders and her face was a little red from what seemed to be the
beginnings of a blush.

Tim and Lisa were friends. Just friends. There was a time when
Tim had been a little in love with Lisa, but had gracefully let it
pass because she already had a boyfriend. They were close friends
though. Many a time had gone by when they had almost committed an
indiscretion. Maybe that was why they were such good friends the
illicit attraction to each other kept them together.

Sure, Ah Lisa, smiled Tim, mimicing her. Where do you want to go?
Oh, I don't know how about The Pub? They make a great Taco salad.
Fine, what time?
I want to go straight from here. I have to write a paper
tonight, so I want to get done quickly.
Ok, meet you downstairs?
Right.

Tim logged himself off the computer and followed Lisa out to
her car. They drove the short distance to the center of town and went
into the restaurant. They asked for and were given a cubicle to one
side of the restaurant. After the waitress had taken their orders,
they sat quietly.

Tim sat gazing at Lisa with a quiet smile, and she started to
blush.

Don't do that! she said. You're embarrassing me.
I was just thinking that I really could create a beautiful
photograph of you like this.
I was afraid of that. Do you really take pictures of nude women?
If that is what they want.

(Earlier that day Lisa had come into Tim's office and had
talked to him for a while.
You know, I would love to photograph you someday, Tim had
said suddenly. Lisa had been taken aback slightly and then she had
blushed furiously.
Why are you blushing? Tim had asked.
Forget it.
No, really! Why did you blush?
Well, I just thought of you saying something like tch,
tch, take that shirt off.
You and your dirty mind. I wouldn't do that unless you
actually wanted to. I have enough models who do that, I'm don't need
to force anyone. And I couldn't force you even if I tried!
Lisa had left a little later, still blushing a little, maybe a
little excited at the thought of being photographed in the nude.)

You still haven't told me if you would model for me. Nothing
bad, decent photographs. In fact, even the nude photographs I take are
decent. Anyway, will you model for me?
No, I'd be too awkward.
Let me worry about that. I will do my best to put you at
ease. That is my job as a photographer anyway. I make the person look
the best that I can make them look. And you are beautiful. I could
create excellent photographs of you.
You're teasing me. We'll talk about it some other time, ok?
Ok.

The rest of the dinner went without incident. They met Lisa's
room mate at the restaurant but for some reason, they were left alone.
After dinner, they decided to study together at the library.

They met in one of the cubicles on the third floor of the
library. The cubicles on the third floor were small, with barely
enough room for two people. Tim and Lisa studied for about three hours
their nearness was a little inhibiting for their concentration, but
neither really cared. Sometimes Lisa would catch Tim looking at her
and would smile at him. Other times Tim would catch Lisa looking at
him. The hours went by pleasantly.

I don't think we're getting anything done here, said Tim
with an exaggerated sigh. Do you want to come over to my apartment?
We could continue studying there.
Do you have something to munch at home?
Yup, and I will let you use the desk.
All right. I wasn't getting anything done here anyway.

They drove to Tim's apartment off campus. Tim led the way
into his room and cleared the desk so that Lisa could work there.
While she was getting settled, he got them some ice cold soda and some
Doritos with salsa. When he came back, he saw Lisa looking at his
bookshelves.

You have a lot of books! Have you read all of them?
Yes. Most are science fiction, fantasy stuff. Some stuff by
Ludlum, and Tom Clancy. You can borrow them if you want.
And what is this? asked Lisa, pointing to another bookshelf.
Ignore the stuff on that bookshelf it shouldn't be out
there. I wasn't expecting guests.
Hmm! Erotic Massage. May I look at it?
Sure. It has photographs that are a little explicit, so don't
open it if you're going to get embarrassed.
Lisa pulled the book off the bookshelf and opened it. The
first photograph she saw was of a naked couple, the man holding the
woman's breast in his palm and massaging the nipple. She leafed
through the book, looking at the photographs, getting a little
excited. Tim watched her out of the corner of his eye, but said
nothing. Lisa eventually put the book back on the bookshelf.
I think I'll borrow it sometime.
Sure. It is really fun to do that.
Yeah, touching usually is. I used to know sport massage and
asked Pete if he wanted one when we first started dating. Poor Pete,
he was so shocked!
Lisa picked up another book off the bookshelf.
What is this? Kamasutra. I think I've heard of it. I forget
in what context.

It is a book that I bought when I went to India. Beautifully
written and illustrated. It teaches couples how to live their lives.
It has been misrepresented as a manual for sex, but it is more than
that. Of course, it does teach the many ways of having sex too. After
all, sex is something that couples should do (have?).
May I look at it?
Sure. The text is in poetry form, but still explicit. And the
illustrations are definitely explicit. So again, don't look if you
think you'll get embarrassed.

Lisa brought the book and put it on Tim's bed. She opened it
and started looking at the beautiful miniature illustrations. The
Kamasutra shows many exotic and beautiful ways of making love. Many of
the ways shown are impractical for people without a knowledge of Yoga,
but others are useful to know. Lisa started to get a little excited by
the pictures.

He really has a big one, hmm? said Lisa, trying to get the
mood back to the bantering tone that she and Tim usually had when they
were together.
Tim laughed.
I guess so, those ancient artists had a tendency to do that.
I wonder what they used for models horses maybe.

Lisa put the book back on the shelf. She was starting to get a
little embarrassed at the thought that she was looking at sexually
explicit material while she was with Tim. This was the first time that
sex had ever really been mentioned in one of their conversations.

Lisa sat down on the desk and opened her books to start her
paper again. Tim sat down on the bed behind her and started to read
too. The only illumination in the room was from a lamp on the desk and
from another next to the bed. They studied for another hour without
any interruptions.

Then Tim got up and turned off the lamp next to his bed. He
moved around the bed to stand behind Lisa as she sat at the desk,
reading.

How are you doing? he asked, putting his hands on her
shoulders, starting to massage them slightly. She had put on a
sweatshirt over her shirt when they had been outdoors, and was still
wearing it.
Oh fine. I hate reading about all this incest and the
mistreatment of children. It is really depressing.
Do you want some more soda?
No, I'll only get more hyper from the caffeine.
Ok, said Tim and started to massage Lisa's shoulders and
neck a little more thoroughly. Lisa closed her eyes and let her head
droop a little to let Tim massage the muscles of her neck.
That feels great Tim, thanks.

Tim let his hands press into the muscles of her neck,
massaging the knots of tension in her neck. He slowly moved his hands
down onto Lisa's shoulders and upper back and pressed his finger into
the muscles of the upper back. He felt the small hairs on the back of
her neck as he slowly caressed it with his palms. He slid his hands
down to her upper back and pressed his thumb into the muscles, slowly
pressing in circles, easing the tension in her muscles.

Does that feel good?
Yes.
Tell me if I start to hurt you. Everyone has their own levels
of endurance. And tell me when you like something too. Not everyone
likes the same things.
Ok. Can you press a little lower on my back?

Tim moved his hands to Lisa's back. He put his thumbs next to
her back bone and let his hands lie flat on her back. Then he slowly
started to move his hand up and down, pressing into the muscles with
his thumbs and palms.

Ahh.yes, that feels nice.

Tim started to knead the muscles of her upper back, and after
every few strokes, moved his thumbs down her spine. Lisa closed her
eyes, her paper forgotten. All her concentration was centered between
her shoulder blades as Tim moved his hands up and down. He never went
below the bra strap as he kneaded her upper back and caressed it with
his palms. He could feel the bra strap each time on his downstroke and
always stopped there. In fact he made it very obvious that he could
feel the bra strap by stopping whenever he touched it. Lisa realized
this and for some reason it excited her to think that Tim could feel
her bra strap. This was the same Tim that she had a completely
platonic relationship with! This was starting to get to the bounds of
what they allowed themselves to do around each other, but she ignored
that in the pleasure she was getting.

Can you go a little lower?

On his next downstroke Tim let his hands snag slightly on her
bra strap to make her aware that he knew what it was and then went
past the line of it and onto her waist. All his feeling was
concentrated in his palms as he felt her back curve smoothly,
deliciously to her hips. He stopped at her jeans and moved back up.
He ran his palms over her whole back, feeling nothing between his palm
and her skin except a sweatshirt over a red shirt and a thin
bra strap. He kept running his hands over her back, pressing in with
his fingers and thumbs now and then. Her shirt came loose from where
it was tucked into her jeans because of the tugging of his hands. As
his fingers moved up her back, the shirt/sweatshirt rode up with them.
Tim flattened his palms on Lisa's back and felt the muscles of her
back move slowly under his hands. He caressed her back slowly, moving
out and up, over her side, the fabric of her shirt catching slightly
on the lace of her bra. He felt her breasts from the side, just at the
point where they joined her ribs and moved on up. The very slight
touch of Tim's fingers on the side of her breasts brought a gush of
pleasure cruising through Lisa's nerves. She knew that he had felt her
breast and that she should stop this soon, but she said nothing.

As his hands moved down her back again, Tim let his fingers
slip under her shirt and let his fingers touch her skin. Lisa had felt
her shirt ride up but hadn't said anything wondering where Tim would
stop. She felt safe with him, and she didn't think that she would mind
if he really did do something indiscreet. He was, after all, a very
good friend.

Tim let his fingers run to her side and slowly brought them up
again. His hands brushed over her bra strap again as they came to her
shoulders. Lisa's eyes were closed and she had dropped her head back a
little. On his next downstroke, Tim let his hand travel along her side
and slip to her front so that they ended on her tummy. He massaged her
tummy a little, feeling the warm satin smoothness. He let his finger
explore her navel while his hands pressed against her tummy. His face
was in her hair, his breath coming slowly in her ear. Lisa turned to
him slightly and on the upstroke Tim let his hand glide smoothly up
her front until they were stopped by her breasts.

He bent to look at Lisa's face. Her eyes were open and there
was a slight smile on her face, challenging. He lowered his lips to
her's as he let his palms press her breasts under the bra. Lisa
started to say something when she felt Tim's hands on her breasts, but
the kiss on her lips made her forget as she gave in to the kiss. Her
breath got a little short as Tim moved his arms around to her back and
after a slight bit of hesitation, snapped her bra open. She opened her
mouth to suck his lips as his hands traced back to her breasts and
slowly went under her bra.

Tim cupped Lisa's breasts in his palms, feeling their soft
weight in his hands. They were beautiful breasts he had thought
about them before. He had thought about what they would feel like if
he could get them in his palms. He had always thought that she had
beautiful breasts full but not too large. He had fantasized about
fondling them in his palms, his fantasy was not as good like the real
thing. Her nipples were erect, pressing into his palms. Tim moved his
hand so that the nipples were between his thumb and forefingers. He
slowly twisted them back and forth, at the same time feeling her
smooth breasts with his palms. He squeezed her breasts softly as he
pinched the nipples slightly and felt Lisa shudder slightly with
pleasure.

Lisa raised her arms to encircle Tim's head and opened her
mouth to take his tongue completely into her mouth. The taste of his
mouth was different from the taste of Pete's mouth and the touch of
Tim's slightly unshaven face new. But she liked it and drove the
thought of Pete from her mind this was between her and Tim. She
could feel Tim's palms run over her breasts as he ran his fingers
across her nipples. She could feel each finger individually as it
brushed over her nipples. He put his forefinger on top of each tit and
pushed it into the breast, slowly running his finger in small circles
while he squeezed her breasts with his palms. Lisa sighed with
pleasure at the delicious touch of his lips over her's and the touch
of his hands on her breasts.

Lisa slowly got up and turned around in Tim's arms. Then, with
one last lingering taste of his lips, she broke free.

We shouldn't do this.
Why not?
It isn't right.
Oh come now! You are a lovely girl and one of my best
friends. And what are best friends but lovers who don't make love? And
sharing this intimacy only brings friends closer if they are
well adjusted in their own sexuality and can enjoy sex without guilt.
There is nothing wrong with making love with close friends,
love making is meant to be between friends! It is fun only between
people who trust each other. And if you are enjoying this, then there
is nothing wrong with this. Agreed?
Sort of.no actually, but when have I let the immorality of
doing something stop me from doing it?

Lisa smiled and moved away from Tim. She turned and slowly
pulled off her sweatshirt and shirt, her hair falling about her
shoulders. Her bra, since it was already unhooked, also came with her
sweatshirt and shirt. Her breasts snagged in her shirt as it was
pulled up and bounced slightly when they were freed. Tim's eyes almost
fell out of his head with lust.

They move! I mean, of course they move! They look lovely!

Lisa laughed and pulled off her black jeans and panties. Then
put her palms under her breast and raised them a little. Then, she let
them go with another laugh, making them bounce again.

Is this how you would like to photograph me? she asked
impishly, her hair falling over her shoulders, her pinkish brown
nipples erect, the brownish/black triangle of hair between her legs
showing shyly.

Don't tease me! said Tim as he pulled Lisa to him and
lowered his lips to her breasts. Lisa put her hands in his hair and
held his head steady as she arced her body to put her nipple into
Tim's mouth. Tim pushed Lisa slowly to make her sit on the bed and
then got down on his knees to sit with her legs encircling his torso.
Lisa held Tim's face in her hands as he slowly started to lick her
breasts.

Yes, that feels really nice, sighed Lisa. Tim was slowly
caressing her right breast with his palm as he used his tongue to lick
the dark pink nipple of her left breast. He felt the soft weight of
her breast quivering in his palm as he squeezed it slightly. He moved
his palm to hold her erect nipple in his thumb and forefinger captured
between them. He squeezed it slightly and felt Lisa sigh as she
dropped her face into his neck. All her feeling was concentrated on
her breasts. Tim pulled on her nipple slightly and squeezed it again.
He twirled it slightly between his thumb and forefinger, and then
pressed it into the breast. Lisa was breathing softly into Tim's neck,
her breath tickling him.

Tim sucked her left nipple into his mouth and squeezed it
between his lips. Lisa sighed as his teeth came in contact with her
nipple and his tongue started circling it slowly. Tim took her nipple
and squeezed it between his teeth, holding it on the threshold of
where the pleasure turned to pain. Then he slowly let his tongue run
over the tip. Lisa held Tim's head tight and pulled his hair slightly
as the pleasure cruised through her body to hit her deep between her
legs.

It's true, she whispered. A woman's breasts _have_ a direct
connection to her pussy!

Then she blushed when she realized what she had said. Tim
continued to fondle and suck her breasts. Lisa had her legs around
Tim's torso, and slowly squeezed and released him with her thighs. As
she got wetter between her legs, she started to press her breasts more
and more against Tim's face. Sometimes she would free her breasts from
his clasp and caress his face with the nipples, feeling his eyes, his
slightly unshaven face, his lips on them.

Tim let Lisa's breasts go and slowly moved his lips lower. He
kissed her between her breasts, feeling their soft smoothness on his
cheeks. He licked the slight film of sweat that was forming on her
body, enjoying the slightly salty taste of it. He moved his kisses
under her breasts and kissed her where her breasts joined her ribs,
feeling the soft weight of her breasts on his face. He kissed each rib
separately as he moved lower and stopped at her navel. Lisa's stomach
quivered in anticipation of his lips as Tim breathed softly into her
navel and then lowered his lips to it. She gasped slightly when his
lips touched her navel and his tongue slid into it. He licked the
inside of her navel, enjoying the feel of her smooth skin on his face
the warm smell of her body delighting him.

Lisa leaned back and lay down on the bed, her hips over the
edge, her legs on the floor. Her thighs opened wider as Tim raised
them over his shoulders and slid under them. He turned his face and
licked the inside of her soft, sensitive thigh, feeling the small,
soft, golden hair on her inner thighs under his lips. He ran his
tongue up her thigh till his face was almost touching her most private
parts, the warm, musky, inviting smell making him dizzy. Then he moved
slowly back out to her knees. He could see Lisa's pussy, covered with
dark brown/black hair, glistening slightly in the moisture that had
come from the pink, hot slit in the middle. The lips were open
slightly, her clit protruding a little. It was beautiful and
infinitely tempting.

Tim moved back to Lisa's pussy, slowly, enjoying the touch of
her inner thighs under his lips. Lisa's body stiffened in anticipation
as she felt his lips move closer and closer to her moist pussy. Tim's
lips moved on to the soft hair surrounding it, the hair tickling his
nose. He nuzzled the hair apart and then his lips slowly covered
her's in that most private of all kisses. Lisa sighed in pleasure as
she felt his tongue taste her slit. Tim inserted the tip of his tongue
into her slit as it opened under the loving pressure. He moved it
slowly up, tasting the sweet moisture on his tongue. He reached her
clit as it protruded out from between the lips and stabbed it with his
tongue. Lisa sat up suddenly when his tongue touched her clit and then
fell back in pleasure as he slowly licked it with long flat licks, her
hips in his arms.

This is wonderful Tim, it really is.

Tim took her clit between his lips and kissed it. He licked
the inside of her slit till it was wide open, welcoming him into its
warmth. He reveled in the smell, the taste of it. Lisa was moaning
slightly, almost continuously as his lips and tongue explored her. Her
legs hung over his shoulders as his hands held her hips steady against
his face. He moved his right hand down and around till it was on her
smooth butt. He squeezed her butt and let his hand travel up the
crack. Lisa pressed against his hand as he moved it slowly along the
crack until it was against her slit.

Tim wet his finger on her pussy, rolling his finger around to
completely cover it with the moisture and slowly inserted it into her
slit. Lisa arced her body and tighted her legs around Tim's head as
she felt his finger enter her. The combined pleasure of his finger in
her pussy and his tongue on her clit was getting too much for her.

Tim moved his finger in and out of her pussy, slowly, feeling
the muscles clamp around it, trying to hold it in as he inexorably
pulled it out, and then pushed it back in just as she gave up. Her
hips ground under his face, her hair tickling his nose. She moved with
a rhythm, matching the push and pull of his finger and the thrusts of
his tongue. Her fingers clutched at his hair and she gave herself up
to the pleasure filling her body.

Tim slipped his finger completely into Lisa and then, with his
palm up, bent his finger as if beckoning someone. The tip pressed
against the front wall of her vagina as he slowly pulled it out. When
he was about two inches inside, Lisa suddenly moaned with pleasure. He
had found her g-spot. There really is such a spot analogous to the
male prostrate gland and it can give very intense orgasms if
stimulated correctly. Tim put his finger on her spot and rubbed it
with the tip of his finger. Tim rolled his finger on it, pressed it,
ran his finger in circles over it, and generally enjoyed himself. Lisa
was moaning almost continuously now.

Suddenly, she felt the pleasure that had been cruising in her
body start to erupt. She could distinctly feel each delicious lick of
Tim's tongue as his finger stimulated her g-spot. Her thighs tightened
around Tim's head as she lost herself to the pleasure of her building
orgasm. Her pussy ground into his face, her hips thrusting. Tim could
barely hold her. Her hands went to her face and covered it as she
moaned, her blonde hair falling over her face, her body shuddering as
wave after wave of her orgasm hit her. Tim could feel her beautiful
buttocks tighten and loosen as she ground her hips in his face. Her
breasts shook and she bent her legs up, as she held them apart with
her hands to better watch Tim lap at her pussy. Tim kept fucking her
g-spot with his finger and Lisa's orgasm kept going. It was the
longest orgasm she had ever had and she let herself go completely. She
couldn't control herself as her moans of pleasure became louder and
louder till she was almost screaming in pleasure.

Just when she thought that it just couldn't go on any longer,
Tim inserted a second finger inside her and as it touched her g-spot,
she started another orgasm. It was unbelievable to her she thought
she might pass out or something she had never felt this way. Tim
seemed to know what he was doing maybe he had done this before. Lisa
gave up completely and just enjoyed the delicious orgasms cruising
through her body.

Then in one final shudder of orgasmic pleasure, she lay back
on the bed, giving herself up to the need of her pussy as the muscles
squeezed his finger, her hips driving it deep inside, her legs pressed
around Tim's head. Lisa moaned in a long sigh of pleasure as her
orgasm subsided. Her body slowly relaxed as she straightened out her
legs and pulled herself onto the bed.

Lisa laid on Tim's bed, her hair falling over her face, her
body covered with a film of sweat, her breasts exposed, her legs
slightly together, bent, her pussy showing beautifully between them.
Tim couldn't resist anymore. He got up and started to pull off his
clothes quickly.

Lisa watched him as he took off his clothes, her breathing
slow, her eyes taking in every part of his body as it was
tantalizingly revealed. She wondered why a look at his body made her
feel so hungry for a touch, her body so little satisfied after having
orgasmed in so satisfying a manner just a minute ago.

Tim stood next to the bed, his member erect, waving slightly
with his movements. His chest was covered with dark hair that thinned
as it reached his stomach and then became thick again as it got to his
member. He pulled out a condom from the drawer next to his bed,
unwrapped it and unrolled it on his prick. Then he lowered himself
onto the bed and sat between Lisa's legs.

I want to make love to you, he whispered. May I?
Yes.

Lisa watched him with fascination as he raised her legs and
put them on his shoulders, on either side of his head. He put his
hands on her waist and slowly pulled her close over his bent legs. The
head of his penis brushed against the soft curly hair between her
legs, searching for her slit. Lisa gasped as it cleaved her apart, 
slipping in easily because of the wetness. She took him completely,
easily, and moved her hips slowly in response to the caressing touch
of his penis inside her body.

Tim kissed the insides of her calves, rubbing his face against
the soft skin. Lisa felt him lower her right leg slowly until it was
lying on the bed beside him, her left leg still on his shoulder. She
opened her eyes to see him move his hips and closed them as the
pleasure cruised through her body when he slowly pressed his penis
into her. The position was new to her and the touch of his penis
different from what she had felt before. She gasped as he entered her
completely, and then exchanged the positions of her legs, the right
one on his shoulder, the left of the bed. The slow rhythm of her legs
matched the rhythm of his hips, and Lisa enjoyed the pumping of his
penis, completely un-self-conciously, her previous embarrassment
forgotten in the touch of his body on her's.

Tim felt himself getting closer to his orgasm and changed
positions to slow it down. He grabbed Lisa's arms and slowly raised
her till she was sitting in his lap, his penis never leaving her body.
Her legs were wrapped around his waist as she put her arms around his
neck while he held her steady with his arms around her waist. They
kissed in a delicious long drawn kiss, their tongues tasting each
other hungrily. Then Lisa leaned back in his arms and they made love,
looking into each other's eyes. Lisa was free to move her hips and so
she ground them is small figures of eights, feeling Tim's penis glide
against the insides of her body, filling her with a melting pleasure
that cruised through her body. Tim let his hands caress her breasts,
feeling the erect nipples in his palms, feeling the soft weight as he
lifted them and let them go. Lisa rubbed her breasts in his palms and
they enjoyed each other's bodies slowly, lovingly.

Then Tim felt his orgasm start rising again and changed
positions again the movement making his orgasm subside temporarily.
He put his arms around Lisa's waist, and with her arms holding him
tightly around his neck, squirmed off the bed till he was standing.
Lisa clung to him, her legs wrapped around his waist tightly. Then she
dropped one foot to the ground to support herself while Tim held the
knee of her other leg in his palm, her leg bent. Tim's penis never
once left her body and now he started moving it again. Lisa sighed
with pleasure as it slid in and out of her pussy, her breasts crushed
against his chest. Lisa could feel the hair around her slit mingle
with the curly black hair around his penis, the pressure of his body
against her triangle of hair stimulating her clit. They enjoyed each
other like this, slowly pressing against each other, drawing apart,
and then coming together again as his penis slipped in and out of her.

Tim let Lisa's leg drop to the ground and they fell back onto
the bed. Lisa pushed Tim until he laid on his back and climbed over
him. She brought her knees up on either side of his torso and lowered
herself on his penis. Tim felt himself engulfed inside the warmth of
Lisa's pussy. She raised and lowered herself slowly, her breasts
bouncing with her movements. Tim raised his palms to her breasts and
squeezed them softly, lovingly. Then he moved his hands under her butt
to support her. Lisa sat on his hands as he slowly raised and lowered
her on his penis. Lisa felt him raise her till only the tip of his
penis was inside her and she waited expectantly for the lowering that
would fill her again. Tim held her like that, waiting for her to ask
him to let her down over his penis again.

Lisa looked in his eyes, a pleading, hungry look in her eyes.
Tim held her, her body quivering in anticipation, but didn't let her
lower herself.

C'mon. she eventually moaned.
C'mon what?
Let go of me.
Why?
Lisa looked in his eyes again. He was smiling impishly, moving
his body a little to tease her with his penis.
Because I want your cock, sir, she said, realising what Tim
was waiting for. I want it inside me so that I can feel it inside me.
I want it completely buried inside my cunt.

Tim laughed and Lisa laughed with him as he lowered her on his
penis. Lisa felt him slide in, rubbing against the walls of her
vagina, filling her up. Lisa's body arced as she felt herself start to
orgasm. Tim's hands squeezed her behind, raising and lowering her as
he watched her ride him to her orgasm. Her face flushed as she sighed
in pleasure, the orgasm cruising up from her pussy to the tips of her
nipples. Her pussy squeezed his penis as it spasmed in pleasure and
she could feel his penis start to swell.

Tim's orgasm hit him just as Lisa's was dying out and when she
saw him start to orgasm, her orgasm rekindled. She moved up and down,
bouncing her breasts, her hands holding her hair out of her eyes, her
pussy squeezing his penis. Tim's penis overflowed, the orgasm cruising
through his body as he watched Lisa's delicious body over his. His
penis pulsed, the semen bursting from it. As he reached the peak, Lisa
lowered her breasts into his mouth and as he drew a nipple hungrily
into his mouth, she came again in a shudder. They rode out the orgasm
together, their sighs echoed in each other.

Later, they laid in each other's arms, Tim's naked penis
nestled against Lisa's body. They smiled into each other's eyes,
kissed each other, their bodies satisfied for the moment, their lips
not.

You feel good. I love the touch of your breasts against me.

I like touching you too. You know, we should do this again
sometime. From now on, whenever you feel like a little love-making, you
call me. Just that, for the pleasure it gives us. We can never be
lovers, we'd fight too much and break up. I like this better I would
never lose you this way. You'd always be with me.

Tim fondled her breast and kissed it softly and looked in her
eyes.
May I.?
What?! Already?!

Tim drew her close to him and covered her lips with his.
