Archive-name: 3plus/timeb3.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Timebranches 3


This story is intended to contain fifty percent plot and fifty percent 
....  This is what was intended, not necessarily what happened. 

Warning:  At a minimum, all four possible male/female combinations 
of three people will be covered, so you will probably be offended. 

Part III. 
  Zhenie awoke as Jusren came in, carrying a covered tray smelling 
of hot rolls and coffee.  She set it by Zhenie and sat on the bed, her 
terry robe falling carelessly open, revealing her small high breasts, 
nipples erect.  "He's delighted about last night, I think it turned him 
on even more when I told him you weren't a fifty c.u. slut but just an 
old friend who liked games.  He wanted to get inside me when we 
took a shower this morning, but I told him to save it for later."  She 
put a hand under her robe and stroked herself lazily, thinking of how 
his soapy hands had caressed her.  "By the way, there was a letter 
today from Eman."
  "For me?" Zhenie said incredulousy.
  "No, for me.  I think he's figured out you didn't go to the 
Hainan/Atlas-Mtns/St.-Louis timeline."  She closed her robe. "He's 
probably checking around."
  Zhenie finished breakfast, then went into the adjoining bathroom, 
returning a few minutes later with the last of her pancake makeup 
scrubbed off.  Kissing Jusren she said, "Tell me where I can find  a 
robe and I'll slip into the shower."
  Jusren licked her lips, eyes shining as she watched Zhenie's heavy 
breasts.  "I thought you might prefer a bath," she said, going to a 
dresser and taking out a white terry robe, "Lankar is waiting 
downstairs with a bar of soap and a washcloth."
  The tub was more than big enough for all three of them, and Zhenie 
luxuriated as Lankar and Jusren gently scrubbed her all over, Jusren 
running her fingers along the marks the underwire had left beneath 
Zhenie's breasts, Lankar washing her hair.  Rinsing with a flexible 
spray attachment in one hand, Lankar slipped the other down 
between her legs and, seeing her legs spread, pushed two fingers 
inside her.  Zhenie sighed as Jusren massaged her breasts and Lankar 
stroked inside her.  She was kissing clean all over by now, but had no 
intention of asking them to stop.  Lankar put away the spray, and slid 
his hand down from her hair to her back down to her buttocks.  Still 
working the fingers of his left hand in and out of her vagina, he 
spread her buns and ran his right hand up and down her cleft.  "Oh 
yes," she purred, feeling a finger tentatively probing her back 
opening, "I like being washed all over.  But don't use more than two 
fingers, darling."  She kissed him deeply, leaned back to Jusren and 
kissed her too, then floated lazily, legs spread wide, as the two 
caressed every part of her body.
  Jusren and Zhenie got out of the tub and dried off, then brushed and 
blow dried their hair while Lankar shaved and watched them.  When 
they saw him standing up to leave the tub, they slipped out of their 
robes and walked over to him, hand in hand.  Jusren handed him a 
towel and they watched as he dried off, his cock stiffening.  Jusren 
led him into their bedroom, with Zhenie following, stroking his back 
and tickling his buns.  
  Jusren was hot with anticipation.  Pushing Lankar onto his back, 
she guided his penis to her, squatting down until its full length 
disappeared inside her.  Zhenie, already glowing from the intimate 
massage in the bathtub, felt wet heat rising between her legs as she 
watched Jusren pump slowly, riding up and down his pole.  But she 
didn't quite know what to do, so, sitting on the side of the bed and 
stroking Lankar's chest, she purred, "Hey, stud, want two women 
today?"   For an answer, he reached for her breasts and squeezed 
them, pinching the nipples.  She winced and pushed his hands down, 
wondering where men got the idea that nipples were somehow a 
more durable erogenous zone than any other on a woman's body.  
Leaning over him, she pushed her right breast to his waiting mouth 
and growled, in the low voice she'd used last night, "Careful, stud, 
these tits are what keep me in business, don't bite them."
  He licked and sucked, sometimes taking as much of her as he could 
into his mouth, sometimes just flicking the tip of his tongue around 
her nipples then blowing softly on them so they stood erect.  Zhenie 
looked back to watch Jusren riding his cock.  She lifted her hips 
until only the head was inside her, then slid down him to rub her 
pussylips against the root, her breath hissing as she bit her lower 
lip and arched her back.  Lankars's lips and the delicious sight of his 
glistening penis going deep into Jusren started Zhenie's juices 
flowing.  She spread her knees and Lankar slid a hand up her thighs, 
to run his fingers through her pubic hair and stroke her lips.  This 
gave Zhenie an idea.  She put her right hand on Jusren's stomach, 
thumb down, and gently lowered it until her thumb was on her 
clitoris.  Jusren looked down, startled, then smiled, then sucked her 
breath in sharply as Zhenie firmly massaged her sensitive button.
  Lankar's mouth on her breasts felt wonderful, but his hand was 
clumsy in this position, so Zhenie got up and stood over him, facing 
Jusren, and lowered herself onto his face.  Slipping her hands 
between her legs, she spread her lips as wide as she could and sat 
down on his tongue, just as Jusren had earlier sat down on his cock.
Steadying herself with one hand, she resumed stroking Jusren, who 
was humping Lankar hard.  Zhenie was pleasantly surprised to find 
that he was not distracted, his tongue working her expertly inside 
and out.  She had felt better cunnilingus (indeed, she had given 
better) but only when she was relaxed on her back with someone who 
knew her well.  Last night, she thought, she shouldn't have been so 
quick to get his cock inside her.   She watched Lankar and Jusren 
move together, relishing the sight of her stomach and leg muscles 
tightening as he thrust his hips up.  Lankar's tongue was suddenly 
pressing more firmly against her, thrusting deeper as she ground her 
pussy into his face and climaxed.  When she came back aware after a 
few seconds, she noticed that she had kept her hand between 
Jusren's legs, but was no longer stroking her.  As she resumed, 
finding Jusren's fur very wet from an orgasm of her own, she felt 
Lankar's hands on her buttocks, gently sliding her down so he could 
run his tongue along her cleft, rimming her.  Amazed at his control,  
she felt him tenderly probe her back passage as he thrust his cock up 
roughly into Jusren's pussy.  
  "Oh yes," she moaned lazily, "That's, mmm, good, no man's ever 
done, mmm, that to me before!"  This statement was true, a rarity in 
lovemaking.  Cytaea had initiated her, but Cytaea's was the only 
tongue to caress her there.  Until now.
  Jusren came back from her own orgasm, the second, and saw the 
absentminded post-orgasmic look on Zhenie's face.  Gazing down past 
Zhenie's slowly swaying breasts, she expected to find her vaginal 
lips rubbing Lankar's mouth.  Instead, she saw thick pubic hair 
around spread lips, Zhenie's clitoris uncovered, and her vagina wide 
open, muscles tensing and relaxing.  But when she saw his hands 
holding her backside apart, she raised her eyelids in surprise.  
Gasping in furious ecstasy, she reached for Zhenie, trying to slap her 
face, but only losing her balance, screaming, "You bitch, he's never 
done that for me.  Whore!  No wonder you were so hot for him last 
night.  Zhenie, you slimy twat!"   She stopped suddenly and gasped, as 
the cock inside her began to piston fast and hard.  Lankar, sent over 
the edge by Jusren's words, released Zhenie and grabbed Jusren's 
buns, holding her tight as he thrust and exploded inside her.  Zhenie 
saw Jusren arch her neck and close her eyes, mouth open, groaning 
with pleasure.  Reaching for Jusren's crotch, she feverishly stroked 
her, fingers rubbing hard every time Lankar pushed up against them.  
Jusren clenched her fists, and then tensed every muscle in her body 
and shuddered.
  For a few seconds none of them moved.  Jusren, recovering herself, 
but still  breathing heavily, leaned over and kissed Zhenie, then 
pushed her roughly off Lankar.  Zhenie sprawled on the rug, watching 
as Jusren got up and turned around to lie on Lankar in a 69.  She 
rested her head on his right thigh and ignored his sticky, softening 
cock.  Grasping his balls and squeezing playfully, then somewhat 
harder, she thrust her cheeks in his face and said sweetly, "Give me 
some of that tongue, baby, and don't stop until I say."
  Zhenie stretched leisurely, leaning against the headboard and 
flexing her leg muscles,  stiff from squatting.  She saw Jusren close 
her eyes, enjoying afterglow and the delicate intimate sensations of 
Lankar's tongue.  Stroking Jusren's back absently, she noticed 
Lankar's neck straining, and put a pillow under his head, then she 
stood up, and walked back to the big bathtub.  The water was still 
very warm. 
  She washed again, keeping her hair out of the water this time, then 
went up to her room and dressed in her traveling clothes: black 
cotton jogging bra and black cotton briefs, an expensive but 
conservative white silk blouse, durable grey trousers, brown leather 
boots, and a heavy coat with many things stuffed into many pockets.  
Making her way back to Lankar and Jusren, she wondered if she 
shouldn't just leave quietly, but decided the Doorway would be too 
much of a nuisance without their help.  They lay in bed, stroking each 
other in the lazy afterglow, eventually noticing her standing quietly 
in the doorway.
  "Oh Zhenie darling!" said Jusren in a worried voice, "I'm terribly 
sorry about all that, but he's never, you know.  I do hope you're not 
leaving on account of that."  She stumbled over her words.
  "Oh no, don't be uncomfortable.  I understand how you felt."  She put 
her hand on Jusren's shoulder and looked at Lankar, "Your tongue felt 
lovely, but you should have shared with her a long time ago.  She's 
experienced.  Been places you've never heard of, she can go with 
anything you want.  Now, I really do have to go.  I told you when I 
arrived that I would leave the next morning, so it's nothing to do 
with what just happened."  She kissed them both, asked where the 
Doorway controls were located, and headed off to Chicago.

  Eman had looked in Chicago, indeed in many Chicago's, most of 
which weren't even called Chicago, and had not found Zhenie.  Ready 
to give up, and confident that she was unlikely to be in any danger, 
he strolled back to the playroom.  Guests were sprawled all over, 
most on large soft pillows, some on the rug, and some snuggled up 
together on sofas or the well-padded tables.  All were asleep except 
for, he chuckled to himself, an Indus Valley Girl.  She was a heavy, 
sensuous, woman with black hair and brightly painted eyelids, which 
were now half closed.  She was on a small raised stage, the only part 
of the playroom not carpeted, at the opposite end of the room from 
the fireplace.  Early in the evening, two other guests had moved a 
heavy armchair up there at her request, and she had started everyone 
to the orgy early by climbing into it and unwrapping her sari.  
Hooking her legs over the arms of the chair, she had put a very thick 
rubber penis between her labia and smiled as everyone in the room 
stared at her.  Enam saw she still had it, and was still sliding it 
deep into herself, sighing contentedly, looking as if she had been in 
the chair the whole night.  He couldn't remember her name, but the 
toy she was using convinced him of her origins. Nothing like that 
was in the playroom toybox (though certainly there was in the lower 
chambers) and the Mogul/California-revolt/AfricaRaj line was 
known for its dedication to a historical revival of ancient exotic 
practices.
  He looked for Kaela among the snoring bodies, and then remembered 
she had gone to bed early and had missed most of the fun, as did he, 
trying to locate Zhenie.  He decided to visit Kaela.  
  There was no "Do Not Disturb" sign on her door, so he knocked 
softly.  The tired man who answered the door was one of the three 
Enam had sent her to bed with last night.  Sounds of vigorous 
lovemaking came from the room, Kaela's voice among them.  He 
smiled and stepped into the room.  Kaela was on her back, the tall 
man between her legs, sweating as he thrust his hips.  Eman moved 
to the side of the bed, where the third man was sprawled, exhausted, 
in a chair.  Kaela smiled as he came close, and licked her lips, "Mmm, 
this is a wonderful place you have here, Eman."  As he bent over and 
kissed her, she continued, "I especially admire the quality of the 
help."  She reached up and stroked the third man's chest, then pulled 
him down and hugged him to her, whispering urgently into his ear, "I 
like it hard and fast like you do it.  Oh!  Just like that.  Oh god, yes!  
Ram it into me!  Fill me with a gallon of your sweet hot juice."  She 
clawed his back frantically as her climax neared and moaned, "Now!  
Now!  Give it to me NOW!"  The two of them thrust hips together 
furiously, then subsided.  After half a minute, the man rolled off, 
then got up and staggered into the bathroom and closed the door.
  Kaela smiled and wiped the perspiration off her forehead with the 
back of her wrist.  "You boys were marvelous, Salanancer," she said 
to the man who had let Eman in, "all of you give me a goodbye kiss 
before you leave.  I'm sure Eman will agree you can take a break 
now."  The third man came out of the bathroom as Salanancer was 
waking the man in the armchair.  All three gave her a hug and kiss 
and then, putting on bathrobes, they gathered their clothes and filed 
out.
  "Would you get me a cold drink of water?" purred Kaela, stretching 
like a cat, "Then come and join me?"
  "Certainly," said Eman, chuckling as he went into the bathroom.
  She drank deep from the glass Eman brought, then handed it back.  
As he set it on the dresser, she hummed and whispered in a low 
voice that quickened his pulse, "Come and join me, darling, it's still 
early in the day."
  Taking off his robe, he went to her,  "Would you like to shift to 
another position, marathon lady?"  She shook her head, grinning, and 
opened her legs.  He knew she'd have to be wet, through and through, 
so he slid into her fast, but kept up the conversation.
  "So what was it about yesterday that has you so active this 
morning?  I'd have thought your evening with Davys would last you at 
least, oh, twenty-four hours."
  "That little performance in the lower chambers.  I dreamed about it 
last night, it reminded me of Daena Viilik, a woman who made a 
pleasure house out of an old castle in Frankreik.  I was wet when I 
woke up."
  "Frankreik?"
  "Yes, in the Saladin/Lake-Chad/Treaty-of-Syracuse timeline, a 
small kingdom located around the Rhine river.  She lives in a town 
called Koln, has the most exotic fun.  Never gives parties though, not 
like you."
  Have to visit that place, he mused, quickening his pace as the idea 
increased his excitement.  Then, "Say, there are some boys and girls 
downstairs who might like a trip there, if you could swing it."
  "Oh, yes!"  He wasn't quite sure whether she was reacting to his 
words or his actions. "Mmm, yes, I would love an excuse to see Ms. 
Viilik again, and a nice fresh piece of meat would be a perfect gift. 
Oh yes, do that again!  It's a lovely place, her castle.  Discipline.  
Regulation of every minute of the day.  Hygiene.  Mmm.  Just thinking 
about it makes me hot inside."  She squeezed his penis inside her and 
stroked his chest.  Her touch was magic, giving him goosebumps.  
With a yell, he thrust hard into her, and she cried out, "Ah, ah, ah, I'm 
coming babe, I'm coming!  Yes, Yes! YES!"  Spasming, he emptied his 
balls into her then laid his chest down on her warm breasts and 
kissed her.
  "I'll give you a full tour of the lower chambers, and you can pick out 
a present for Ms. Viilik."
  "Great, but you'll have to give him a quick course in Frankish."
  "Hmm?"
  "A Germanic branch language."
  "Oh."
 End of part III.  Everything in this document is true except this 
sentence.
-- 
