Archive-name: 3plus/timeb2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Timebranches 2


Warning:  At a minimum, all four possible male/female combinations 
of three people will be covered, so you will probably be offended. 

Part II. 
  Zhenie glanced at her watch as she hurried through the house, 
leaving oak and stone elegance for the brightly lit antiseptic 
atmosphere of the west wing.  She found a man and a woman in grey 
uniforms stationed at the Doorway consoles. 
  "I have a whim," she told them, picking up a Wolfe unit.  "Find me a 
timeline where the city out there isn't an alpha-emitting pile of 
bricks and rusted automobiles.  Eman told me there's one in Gazeek's 
banks," she patted the terminal, "that's almost as much fun as this 
little palace here."
  "It will take some time to set up the transfer, Ms. Narviel,"  said 
the woman, "and we're due to go off shift shortly."
  "Oh dear, how thoughtless of me not to consider the time.  I don't 
suppose you'd like to wait with me in my suite?  I'm sure we could 
find some way to pass the time."  She walked up to the woman, took 
her in her arms and kissed her deeply.  Fifteen minutes later they 
were leaving with Zhenie as the evening shift took their places.  
Zhenie used the time to introduce herself to Clahr and Aurye, and to 
confirm her playroom observations of Aurye's interest in her, and 
her suspicions of Clahr's desire for Zhenie's delicate personal maid.   
As planned, Elli was waiting in Zhenie's bedroom when they arrived.
  Zhenie went immediately to Elli and kissed her on the cheek, 
introducing Clahr.  Elli smiled and unbuttoned her blouse, exposing 
small hard breasts that needed no bra.  Her nipples came erect at 
Zhenie's touch.  In seconds the man was out of his uniform.  Zhenie 
moved over to him, opened his underwear, and gently extracted a 
thick cock with a drop of juice already forming at the tip.  As she 
stroked him, she whispered, "Elli would like to be taken hard, up 
against the wall.  Her bikini unties at the sides.  If you should find," 
she smiled lasciviously, "that she's wearing anything under her skirt 
at all."  Zhenie backed away and undressed quickly,  getting into bed 
with Aurye, who embraced her and gently stroked her hair.  The two 
women snuggled under the sheets and pressed their bodies together.  
Aurye savored the feel of the older woman's warm full breasts 
against her, and the softness of Zhenie's thick fur as their pubic 
mounds rubbed together.  As they grew warm and wet, they lazily 
hugged each other, caressed hair, back and thigh, and listened to the 
urgent voices of the standing lovers.
  Elli went over to Clahr and kissed him, taking his balls in the palm 
of her left hand and encircling his cock with the fingers of her right.  
Clahr reached under her skirt and untied her bikini at both hips, 
pulling it out from behind so that it rubbed her clitoris as it came 
free.  "I hear you like it rough," he said, "how rough?"
  "Very rough, but not scrapes and bruises.   Why are you waiting?  
I'll tell you if you're too violent."
  "I'm waiting for you to finish undressing me."  The harsh tone of his 
voice made her spine tingle, and she bent over to lower his pants, 
then got to her knees and began to tongue him.  His ran his fingers 
tenderly through her hair a few time, then suddenly took it all in his 
fist and dragged her to her feet.  He smothered her startled cries by 
crushing his lips to hers and thrusting deep with his tongue.  
  He released her and she slumped back against the wall.  "Uhh!" she 
grunted, rolling her hips, "That makes me so wet!"  He hiked up her 
skirt and, reaching behind her, put his large hands around her slim 
buns.  His heavy shoulder muscles bunching, he lifted her into the 
air, and pushed her back against the wall with his upper body.  She 
raised her knees and spread her legs, excited by the rough feel of his 
hands cupping her buttocks, his fingers deep inside her crack from 
her backbone to the sides of her anus to the opening of her vagina.  
She leaned forward and draped her arms around his neck, nails 
scratching his back, nipples rubbing his chest, head lolling to the 
side.  Her eyes were closed, her expression dreamy.  He kissed her 
neck, maneuvering her hips to him so he was positioned at her 
opening and then, in a sudden thrust, pulled her down as he pistoned 
himself up into her.  She shuddered, and stifled a scream by sinking 
her teeth into the muscles of his left shoulder.  He stepped forward, 
forced her back against the wall again, and thrust hard and fast into 
her, spreading her backside cleft to the limit as his fingers squeezed 
into the flesh of her buttocks.
  She groaned and strained with her pelvic muscles.  His middle 
fingers felt her anal sphincter contract, and gently but firmly spread 
it back open.  Her vagina massaged his penis.  "Oh, I'm so close!" she 
panted, "I need you to pump me full of thick, hot,  Yes! Yes!  Squeeze 
my ass, suck my nipples.  Uh, uh, UH!  Deep!  In!  Against!  My!  Clit!  
Tongue...cock...fill me...slide fingers up my...ah...ah...AH!"  She threw 
her head back, eyes gleaming, squealing in ecstasy as she felt his 
penis throb and fill her with hot splashes of cream.  Zhenie and 
Aurye watched as the pair, breathing heavily, slid to the floor, 
leaving a damp stain on the wall.
  "No scratches, indeed!" said Zhenie, trailing her fingers through her 
partner's pubic fur, now sopping wet,  "See what she's done to his 
back."  They giggled and turned to each other, kissing with fierce 
desire.  Aurye was hot now, and pushed back the sheets so she could 
look as Zhenie lay on her back and stretched arms and legs out 
luxuriously.  
  "I've wanted to share your bed ever since I first saw you," Aurye 
sighed, stroking Zhenie's cheek, "but there was always some other 
woman's hand there," she stroked down Zhenie's neck and breast, "or 
some big male sausage here," she ran her hand down to Zhenie's 
crotch and slid her fingers through the hair to touch Zhenie's wet 
lips.  Smiling, Zhenie opened her legs, exposing her clitoris to 
Aurye's touch.  Running her fingers down the sensitive skin, Aurye 
penetrated the opening below, then back to Zhenie's clitoris, then 
down again and up, in a gentle rhythm that quickened Zhenie's 
breathing.  
  Zhenie, her chest heaving,  gasped, "I want to feel you on top of me, 
want to feel your clit against mine."  Aurye gave her clitoris a few 
more flicks, playfully, and then rose to her knees and moved between 
Zhenie's legs.  She stretched her right leg up and put it over Zhenie's 
left hip, and, doing a split like a ballerina, lowered her sex until it 
touched Zhenie's.  Slowly the lovers ground their hips together, 
clitorises rubbing like tongues between lips that kissed.  Aurye 
reached for Zhenie's breasts, but had to put her hands down on the 
bed to steady herself.  "I'd like to kiss you, she said lazily, "but I'm 
not that flexible."  Zhenie's only response was to reach her hands up 
and stroke Aurye's shoulders.  She moved her hands together to the 
back of her neck, and then, moving upward, ran her fingers through 
Aurye's hair.  Reaching down, she took each breast in one of her 
hands and pushed them up, kneading them and pressing the nipples in 
with her thumbs.  Her arms fell back on the bed as warmth began to 
fill her, flowing from where Aurye's pussy rubbed her, up her 
stomach to her breasts, up her spine to shiver the back of her neck.  
She moaned incoherently as she orgasmed.  Aurye didn't stop, she 
rubbed harder and faster, the increasing friction soon bringing 
Zhenie to another vigorous orgasm, then a third, soft and sweet, as 
Aurye slowed the pace and then stopped, pressing her warmth firmly 
down on her partner's wet pussy.  She waited until she caught her 
breath, and then said, "I'm sorry, I'm just not flexible enough to come 
in this position." Swinging her right leg down, she lay on top of 
Zhenie and they kissed.
  Zhenie wrapped her arms and legs around Aurye and hugged her 
tight, then rolled her onto her back, and kissed her neck and breasts, 
moving down the front of her body.  She licked and sucked Aurye's 
breasts and stroked her arms and sides.  Aurye's back arched, her 
hips thrust upward, and she pushed Zhenie's head down to her opening 
legs.  Zhenie got up and stood at the foot of the bed, sliding Aurye 
down, then kneeled on the carpet and, putting her hands inside 
Aurye's thighs, pushed them up and apart.  She lowered her head and 
began to lick.  She licked Aurye's thighs, her outer and inner lips, ran 
her tongue down the insides of her spread cheeks, gently tongued her 
clitoris, tickled the opening of her urethra, and penetrated deep into 
her vagina,  thrusting her tongue in and out as Aurye's hips bucked up 
against her.  Pausing a second, she reached her arms up around 
Aurye's hips and cupped Aurye's breasts.  She stroked and squeezed 
Aurye's breasts and ran her tongue in and out of Aurye until she saw 
her stomach muscles contracting and her hips shake in climax.  
Aurye sighed and stroked the hands that rested on her chest, "Mmmm, 
this position I could do all night."  Zhenie didn't have all night, so she 
licked the hairs out of her teeth, her tongue sore from 
overextension, put her lips on Aurye's clitoris, and gently sucked the 
sensitive flesh.  She moved her right hand down and slid two fingers 
inside Aurye, resting her thumb on her back opening.  Not giving her 
any time to relax, she worked her fingers in and out and flicked 
Aurye's clitoris,  which rode in and out of her mouth as she sucked 
and squeezed.   The bed shook as Aurye's body heaved.  She moaned 
"Yes, yes!" again and again until her voice trailed off into wordless 
groaning.  Finally she quieted and, muscles trembling with fatigue, 
closed her thighs around Zhenie.  Zhenie saw she was finished and 
got up, wiping the back of her left hand across her mouth.  Climbing 
back into bed, she put her arms and legs around Aurye and ran her 
fingers through her hair, kissing her lips and neck.
  Aurye's breathing became slow and regular as she drifted off to 
sleep.  Zhenie kissed her one last time on the breast, rolling her 
nipple on her tongue, got out of bed, and covered her up with sheet 
and blanket.  Elli and Clahr slept on the carpet by the door to her 
bathroom.  Clahr lay on his back, snoring lightly, with Elli's small 
frame draped over him,  her blouse trailing on the floor and her skirt 
twisted up around her waist.  Her legs were splayed open and she 
straddled one of his heavily muscled legs, leaving a sticky trail 
along his thigh where her wetness had rubbed him.  Zhenie stepped 
over the sleeping pair and entered the bathroom.  Quickly she 
straddled the bidet and sent a cool stream of water up into her 
genitals.  Soaping and rinsing, she ran her fingers inside her vagina, 
realizing that none of the juice that flowed out of her was male.  
"I'll have to find someone this evening," she thought, as she quickly 
toweled off and dressed in her traveling clothes, which Elli had 
earlier laid out, and picked up her shoes.  She quietly left her 
apartments, stopping to check her appearance in a mirror and pick up 
the Wolfe unit she had left on her dresser.
  At the Doorway, two bored techs were running routine backups on 
Gazeek.  They looked up as she entered.  "No problem," she called to 
them as she sat at the transmitter console, "the codes are all in, I 
just need to get a local info bulletin and I'll be gone." 
  "Voice would be quicker," one of the techs remarked, as Zhenie  
quickly punched buttons.  "What's the city's name in that line 
anyway?"
  "Chicago," she said, pulling a terabyte card from its slot as she got 
up, and  hurrying to the Doorway.  It irised open, revealing a wash of 
rainbow moire patterns, and closed after her.
  She stepped through onto a concrete floor in an empty windowless 
room lit by fluorescent lights.  Shaking her head to clear it, she 
looked around, found the monitor, and smiled into it, saying, "Jusren!  
Girl, it's me, Zhenie Narviel!"  She repeated this, then dropped her 
shoes and slipped into them, waiting.
  After a few minutes, a voice came over a hidden speaker, "Well, 
come on in, Zhenie darling,"  as a lock clicked open and the only door 
to the room slid open flooding the room with bright sunlight.  Zhenie 
found herself in a tree-bordered yard.  Hurrying up the brick path 
which led from the small Doorway outbuilding to a large white 
house, she found Jusren waiting for her on the porch.
  "Great to see you,"  Jusren said, ushering her into the spacious 
livingroom, "I got your letter.  How was Eman's place, out there in 
the wilderness?"
  "All the comforts of home.  That is, the home of someone quite 
wealthy who gives weeklong parties."
  "I must come and visit, Lankar would love it, he's always getting 
into trouble here.  He'll be back in town in a few hours, he can tell 
you all about it.  This line has a fairly permissive society, at least 
here in the northeast, but you know how it is."
  "Oh I hope it isn't," Zhenie responded, moving her hand to her skirt 
and gently rubbing herself, "I don't necessarily need a man to sleep 
beside me in bed, but I'd like to relax this evening, and my Celtic is a 
bit rusty for barhopping. I'm not often in lines where there was a 
Battle of Paris, so I'm used to at least a little germanic flavor to 
the language."
  "Well, you can't have everything.  The Paris/Kammerstein/Cheffyl-
scandal timeline is quiet, with enough technology for a very 
comfortable life, a lovely community to build a home, if you have the 
money, which I do.  Say!"  she said abruptly, "You can fit into my 
clothes, can't you?"
  "I might manage it, why?"
  "I have an idea.  You might not have to leave the house tonight, after 
all."
  By the time Lankar returned, Jusren was just putting the finishing 
touches on Zhenie's thick makeup.  Sending Zhenie into the bedroom, 
Jusren ran to the door.  Sitting on the bed, she felt something 
scratch her back.  "No wonder she's sure Lankar's never seen these 
clothes before," she muttered, breaking the plastic sales tag off her 
black lace underpants.   Stuffing it in her shiny new, completely 
empty hand bag, she composed herself and drew her white fur coat 
around herself as voices in the hallway drew nearer.
  She stood up as Jusren led Lankar in.  Hardly waiting for Jusren to 
leave the room, she went up to Lankar and growled, "Hey babe, it's 
party time."  Putting her black-gloved hands at the back of his head, 
she drew him to her and smeared his face with flaming red lipstick 
as she drove her tongue into his mouth.  Lankar was startled, but 
only for a moment, then he kissed hard and pushed her coat off her 
shoulders, running his hands down her back.  She reached down to 
stroke his hardening cock through his pants, then stepped aside and 
slipped out of her coat, laying it on a chair.  As he stepped out of his 
pants, she lay back on the bed and hooked a gloved finger through a 
ring at her neck.  She pulled on the ring and opened two inches of 
zipper, but left her breasts covered, hard nipples pushing out against 
the thin fabric.  With the other hand she pulled up her leather 
miniskirt and stroked the lace underneath as she pursed her lips at 
him and then smiled mockingly.  His cock swinging stiffly, he went 
to her and grabbed the neck of her blouse, pulling it apart and 
breaking the zipper.  His urgency got her hot, and she pushed his 
hands under her skirt, moaning, "Get it inside me babe, the meter's 
running."  As he pulled her underwear down, she shrugged off her top, 
her almost naked breasts now supported, but not covered, by an 
underwire.  He reached down for them, but she pushed him back and, 
taking him in her hands, leaned down to spit, rubbing the lubricant  
on his penis with her gloved hands.  He pushed her back on the bed 
and spread her legs, opening her up.  Worried momentarily that he 
would try to take her virgin backdoor opening she spread her pussy 
lips wide with her fingers, the black leather on them shiny with her 
wet.  He was on her then, thrusting into her, but she twisted her hips 
slightly and slowed her progress, complaining, "Give it a few easy 
ones first, get me wet, stud," which was a lie, but she was sure he 
wouldn't feel it.  He was in in three tries, after which she relented 
and let him slide full length through her, as she hissed, "Yeah, good 
and deep, give me some of that, pump me, pump me full of the juice 
in your big swinging balls, give me...oh, Oh, OH!"  Her body tightened, 
then shook, as he exploded inside her, then came to rest and rolled 
off.  After resting a bit, she got up groggily, gathered her clothes 
and left, slapping him on the ass to let him know she was leaving.  
  In the hallway, she met Jusren, who showed her to a guest room, 
saying, "You should have just gone to sleep, I could see how tired you 
are."
  "Nonsense," she yawned, "He thinks you paid for a quickie with a 
cheap black-leather whore in a fur coat.  Surprise him with the truth 
in the morning."
  "What, that you don't really like black leather?"
  "You want a job as a comedian, huh?  Don't quit the interline 
commerce business just yet."

End of part II.  Everything in this document is true except this 
sentence.
-- 
