Archive-name: 3plus/timeb5.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Timebranches 5


This story is intended to contain fifty percent plot and fifty percent 
....  This is what was intended, not necessarily what happened.  

Warning:  At a minimum, all four possible male/female combinations 
of three people will be covered, so you will probably be offended. 

Part V. 
  Zhenie loved Chicago in this timeline, especially since it was 
summer.  A lovely pastel city of a hundred thousand, no heavy 
industry, a beautiful esplanade, and a long boardwalk along the clear 
blue lake.  She was under the boardwalk now, relaxing in the shade 
with a jeweler named Xalle.  His head between her legs, he ate her 
like caviar.  Lacking cash, she had sold some gold, and he was the 
first friend she'd made.  She had come to town unprepared in many 
other ways.  The locals had a breast obsession, which she would have 
known had she time to scan her bulletin, and the clothing she had 
bought yesterday was too conspicuous, though it did impress Xalle 
when they met after work.  In fact, her revealing top was probably 
why he'd been bold enough to take her under the boardwalk.  
  And he was a find!  Not only was he taking the time for gentle 
foreplay, he was an expert with his tongue.  His first move was to 
slide off her pants and underwear, but then he slowly stroked and 
kissed her from her knees to her navel, in no hurry to wrench her 
knees open and grind his tongue on her clit like a belt sander.  She 
relaxed, cooing, and watched the sailboats on the lake through 
dreamy half-closed eyes, unbuttoning her last two buttons.  Since 
her breasts were just the kind featured in local aftershave and 
perfume ads, she'd expected him to jump on them, but he'd only put 
his hand on her bush and whispered, "Let me eat your delicious 
pussy."  She opened her legs wide, her hands holding the backs of her 
knees.  He moved slowly, running his fingers and tongue down the 
insides of her thighs, through her pubic hair, and around the edges of 
her most sensitive spots.  She was in heaven when he finally pushed 
her hands away and put his on the insides of her thighs.  He ran his 
tongue lightly along her lips, down to her cheeks, around (but not 
into) her back passage, then up again, more firmly, to her lips.  
Sliding his hands down her thighs, he put his fingers gently to her 
lips, and opened her like a soft pink flower.  Kissing the bud of her 
clitoris, he tasted her juices, then began to run his tongue up and 
down inside her.  His touch was exquisite, and Zhenie squirmed and 
moaned as he tongued her from the top of her cleft, above her clit, 
down her inner lips, down, and finally burying his tongue deep in her 
love tunnel. Then he withdrew, circled her vaginal opening, retraced 
his path back up, and started all over again.  Soon, her entire 
attention was closed down to the small area he was expertly 
tonguing.  Her mouth was open, her eyes closed, her fingers absently 
stroked her breasts and toyed with her nipples.  She abandoned 
herself in the warmth flooding from between her legs, feeling her 
vaginal muscles tensing involuntarily, at first slowly and softly, 
then more and more strongly.  Her back arched and her stomach 
muscles contracted, heaving her hips upward.  He pushed down, 
spreading her further open, his tongue flicking deeper into her.  
Throwing her head back, mouth open in a silent scream, she bucked 
furiously against him, then subsided.
  She came back from a long way away, to find herself cradled in his 
arms.  His kiss tasted of her juices.  "Let me feel you inside me, 
Xalle," she said softly.  He slid in effortlessly and held himself 
above her, kissing and stroking her breasts, licking and blowing on 
her nipples so they wrinkled and hardened, all the while moving his 
penis in full length, then out, the head between her lips, then 
thrusting in, bouncing his balls against her, then out, then in again.  
He soon lost control, forgot everything except pumping into her,  and 
finished with three furious thrusts.  She savored the feeling of his 
penis pulsing inside her, and hugged his relaxing body as a sweet 
echo of her earlier orgasm rippled through her.

  The next day after breakfast she went to the hotel desk to check 
her lockbox, and found the clerk in a very depressing mood.  "Dreadful 
working midnight to eight," she remarked sympathetically.
  "Oh, ah," the girl said forlornly, "It's not that.  In fact, I'm off in 
half an hour.  Ahh," she yawned, and shrugged.
  Xalle would not be available for several days, so Zhenie thought it 
might be to her advantage to sit and read in the lobby for half an 
hour.  Sure enough, the girl was soon sitting, if not next to her, at 
least much closer than a stranger normally would.  So she took a 
chance and spoke up, "Waiting for the jitney, Tyree dear?"  Her name 
tag said she was Tyree Janssberg,  but still she was startled until 
she remembered that was how Zhenie knew.
  "Yes, Ms. Narviel," she responded, "normally my boyfriend would 
come by, but" she shrugged.
  "Oh dear, so it's that way.  Hmm, and I bet you live in the same 
hostel, don't you?"
  "Yeah," she said plaintively.
  "Well then," she said, standing up, "Call-me-Zhenie-and-all-that-
jazz, and come up to my suite for some coffee.  If you should happen 
to fall asleep on one of the beds, then you're welcome to it."
  "Oh thank you!" said Tyree, getting up and hurrying after her to the 
elevator.

  Zhenie made coffee while Tyree wandered around the suite.  She 
worried for a minute when Tyree looked through her bookcase, but 
she didn't seem shocked by the Lesbians And Bisexuals In Action 
comix she found, so Zhenie was smiling when she brought the coffee 
in.  Tyree didn't want coffee, but she wasn't quite ready to fall 
asleep either, and after a moment of shyness, blurted out, "Avrall 
dumped me for one of the new girls, dumped me for a no-brain with 
long hair and big tits.  It's so unfair, I hate all those bitches with big 
tops."  Zhenie was startled at her fury, Tyree was startled herself.  
Giving Zhenie a guiltly look, she stammered, "I-I'm sorry, I don't 
want to sound insulting."  Then her voice firmed, "But women with a 
figure like yours have such an advantage, it's unfair."
   In answer, Zhenie stood up and put her hands to her waist.  "See," 
she said, pulling her shirt over her head in a quick movement, "when 
you have a big chest, you need heavy strapping to keep it from 
smacking your knees."  She turned and said, "unhook me, please."  As 
the young girl did, she continued, "and I'm not really all that big, 
think of what the perfume-ad girls have to deal with.  Look here," 
she took Tyree's wrist, "Does it really feel any different than 
yours?"  She plastered Tyree's hand against her right breast.  Both 
women shivered at the contact.
  Tyree was not the brightest, but she could read such blatant signs.  
"I've never touched a woman like that," she said uncertainly, 
withdrawing her hand.
  "Oh, I'm so terribly rude," Zhenie responded hastily.  With a friendly 
hug, she said, "you just have a nap here and I'll get my interfering 
self out."  Zhenie gave her a quick kiss on the cheek and left, saying, 
"The apartment is yours, I promise not to be back until two.

  Tyree's dreams were unsettling, full of Zhenie and Avrall and the 
sensation of Zhenie's soft skin on her hand.  When she awoke, it was 
dusk.  Groggy, she headed for the bathroom, pushed the door open, and 
found Zhenie in the tub, reading.  "Hang on a minute," she said, 
getting up and reaching for a towel, "I knew I shouldn't have spent so 
long in here with only one bathroom in the place."  Grabbing another 
towel for her hair, she pushed past Tyree and left.  
  Tyree sat and peed rivers, then rested her elbows on her knees, 
rubbing her eyes and wishing she could escape the scruffy, grimy 
feeling of someone who'd slept in her clothes.  Zhenie was waiting 
outside as she left, saying, "I'll just be a minute, I always have to 
shower off after a bath."  Tyree, feeling herself most unattractive, 
inexplicably heard herself responding, "Do you need someone to scrub 
your back?"  With a sudden perverse thrill, she leered and licked her 
dry lips, looking directly into Zhenie's eyes.  Zhenie was startled, 
but recovered smoothly.  "Yes, I'd like that," she said, closing the 
door and dropping her towel, but not touching Tyree.  "But I can't get 
in the shower with all these clothes on, can I?"  Tyree said in her 
best low, sensuous voice, enjoying the role of the aggressor.  "No, of 
course not," said Zhenie, bending down to untie Tyree's shoes.  
Untying each shoe, she slid her hand up Tyree's thigh to hold her leg 
so she could slide off the shoe and the sock.  Standing, she put her 
hands on Tyree's hips and unzipped the side zippers on her jeans.  She 
slid her hands under the waistband and pushed the tight denim down, 
caressing Tyree's thighs as she did so.  Zhenie stepped back.  Above 
those slender muscular thighs were virginal white cotton briefs, a 
sight that excited Zhenie far more than any Karla Ricci seduction 
silk would have.  Zhenie fought to keep her hands from shaking as 
Tyree raised her arms and stood on tiptoe, allowing Zhenie to pull 
her baggy, shapeless sweatshirt over her head.   Tyree wore nothing 
under it.  Dropping the sweatshirt, Zhenie stared at her hard, tight 
breasts and well-toned body for a long moment. Tyree smiled, 
slipped off her briefs, then turned and bent over, legs slightly 
spread.  Touching her toes, she said, "I always try to keep flexible."  
The sight of her pussylips open, swollen, and unmistakably primed, 
brought Zhenie out of her reverie.  Turning the shower on, she 
stroked herself with one hand and smiled for Tyree to join her.  
  In the shower, Tyree eagerly ran a washcloth over the older 
woman's back, but, still somewhat shy, she could not bring herself 
to touch anywhere else.  Deliciously warm water cascaded over both 
of them, but Tyree had goosebumps at being so close to another 
woman for the first time.  Zhenie was not so shy, her soapy hands 
were soon skating everywhere over Tyree's skin.  When, after a long 
time, Tyree was squeaky clean, the two of them embraced and kissed 
deeply, Zhenie gently probing her tongue past Tyree's lips and 
touching her teeth.  The last barriers came down, her mouth opened, 
and she tasted Zhenie's tongue.  Fumbling behind her, Tyree turned 
off the water and broke the kiss to whisper, "bedroom."
  In bed, Zhenie held her and kissed her again, long and lovingly, her 
mouth, her cheeks, her neck.  She moved down to Tyree's breasts, 
kissing and sucking on one, stroking the other with her free hand.  
"Mmm," she sighed, "I like that.  Avrall never used to do that, he just 
wanted to get me in bed and bang away."  Zhenie continued, licking, 
sucking, stroking softly, kneading firmly, making it last as long as 
she could.  But soon she had to move down to taste Tyree's sex.  
Moving to a sixty-nine position, she lowered herself onto Tyree's 
inexperienced tongue.  It would take her time to bring Zhenie to 
climax, but the wonderfully exciting sensation of a fumbling lover 
trying a new experience was not something to be rushed anyway.  
Exploring each other lovingly, they hardly moved at all, probing with 
tongues and fingertips.  Tyree interrupted Zhenie's delicious 
adventure between sweet, wet lips when she pulled her head back, 
brushing her hair against sensitive inner thighs, and said, "Oh, I can't 
tell you how wonderful this is Ms. Narviel, but I'm, well..."  
  As they rolled apart, Zhenie said, "Go ahead, I won't be offended."
  "But this is just foreplay to me!  It's so good, but I just feel there's 
something missing if I get all excited and don't get," she put a hand 
between her legs, "um, filled up." 
  "Well," Zhenie said, getting up, "I think I might find something to 
fill you up with, if you'd like to try it.  I have quite a variety, all 
sizes and colors too."
  "Oh," Tyree said, then laughed, "I'm game, find me a big one and 
we'll see if it fits."  As Zhenie looked through a drawer, she 
continued, "But won't you feel left out?"
  "No, No," she replied, taking out a sizable rubber penis and 
strapping it on.  "This part, goes into you, but behind the balls, this 
part here-" she lay down on the bed, opened her legs, and slid half its 
length inside herself.  Tyree watched, fascinated, as Zhenie knelt 
between her legs, a large artificial cock below and full, presumably 
genuine, breasts above.  She reached up to hold two large warm 
handfuls of Zhenie's breasts, squeezing them as Zhenie thrust her 
cock into Tyree's lubricated tunnel.
  "So this is what it's like for a man when he has a woman above 
him," she said, squeezing Zhenie's breasts together and running her 
tongue between them.  Zhenie leaned down, kissed her mouth, and 
thrust both her tongue and her cock deep into her.  Zhenie knew she 
was close to climax, had known ever since she had her tongue 
between her pussylips, so she immediately pumped harder and 
faster.  When Tyree clenched the bedclothes in her hands and caught 
her lower lip between her teeth, Zhenie whispered hoarsely, "I'm 
going to come,"  and thrust her hips violently.  Tyree felt the penis 
inside her shoot off, then she screamed as a fierce orgasm built up 
inside her and exploded. 
  After a long while, she opened her eyes and saw Zhenie beside her, 
unfastening the strapon.  "Clever device," she said, and squeezed the 
rubber balls.  Warm water squirted out both ends.
  "I'd like to do that to Avrall."
  "What?"
  "Squeeze his tiny little balls."
  "Oh, no, dear, that would cause damage."
  "Well then...well then,"  she was at a loss for a moment, then 
blurted out, "Well then, I'd like to ram that pole up him where the 
sun doesn't shine"
  "Interesting idea, but it would take some planning."

--
End of part V.  Everything in this document is true except this 
sentence.  

