My research laboratory has developed a time travel
device!!  Testing of the time transfer equipment was
complete.  Our research team had selected a cave,
which, since it was remote and empty today, also was
empty 1,400 years ago.  If we dispatched our time
travelers in the cave, they would arrive there also.
First, we sent our robot with video camera back in
time to explore the surrounding area.  We retrieved
the robot, complete with video tape, with no trouble.
Next, some animals, properly provided for and
tethered, were sent back through time.  They came
home safely, none the worst for their trip.

The next step was a manned expedition.  I was chosen
to lead the expedition, which initially would be two
people.  I would have to classify myself as an
adventurer with a scientific bent.  I had studied
medieval history and trained in medieval personal
defense and fighting (jousting) techniques; however I
was also prepared to use whatever 20th century
technology that I could!  My traveling companion,
George, was a doctor; although he would act as my
squire during this adventure.  We had shots for
every imaginable disease, including the bubonic
plague.  We both also had vasectomies; we fully
planned to do as much research as possible and we
didn't want to become our own 50th great
grandfathers!

We had planned our trip (including a method of
contacting the 20th century) very carefully, but we
both understood the risks.  We were a strange looking
pair as we entered the cave on the day of our
departure.  I was dressed in a manner characteristic
of a knight, and I had packed the armaments
appearing as much as possible like those of the time
according to the best information we had.  However,
my armor was made of a metalicized lightweight plastic
and my shields, sword and lance were made of
lightweight materials such as titanium.  George was
dressed in tattered, non-descript clothes, but like
myself, he wore a lightweight Kelvar "bulletproof"
vest to protect him from puncture wounds.  Our
horses and their accessories were chosen to look
inconspicuous (our robot had gotten some video shots
which helped.)  The robot had also recorded some
conversation, allowing us to practice our accents.

The big moment had almost arrived!!  We were about
to be the first from our century to explore eighth
century England.

          CHAPTER  1 - THE TRIP TO KALATOT

The trip through the centuries went smoothly; there
was almost no sensation at all when we suddenly
arrived in the same cave some 1,400 years earlier.  We
gathered our horses and equipment and, with the
general knowledge of the twentieth century maps, we
quickly found a trail and started in a direction where
we thought that the center of activity in this area
might be.

We weren't on the trail very long before two men
jumped from the bush with bow and arrow trained on
us.

"Your money and be quick about it"  We didn't even
know what the currency of the time looked like!

"Back away or face the consequences," I replied.  The
highway men laughed and drew their bow strings
tighter!  With that, both George and I released our
secret weapons - a small compressed gas propelled
tranquilizer dart shot from a tube under our sleeves.
We leaned over their prostrate bodies and robbed the
robbers!  Now we had some local currency.

That night we slept on the ground, and ate some
prepackaged food ("K" rations) that we had brought
along.  We buried all of the biodegradable containers;
anything that was with us so it wouldn't blow the
mind of some future archeologist.

The next day's trip was uneventful.  About mid-
afternoon, we arrived at a small settlement.  There
was an inn, clearly to accommodate the travelers along
the trail.
It was time to stop.  We arranged for the care of our
horses, and went into the inn where we rented a room
in the loft.  The room was filthy by any standard; the
bed was nothing more than some straw spread on the
floor,

After we went down for some refreshment, I saw a
woman, the innkeeper's wife, softly sobbing in the
corner.

"What's the matter?

"My son is dying," she replied.

"May we see him?"

A young boy, about eight, lay on a straw mattress
covered with a blanket.  We didn't need a thermometer
to know that the boy was burning up with fever.
After listening to his breathing, George quickly
diagnosed pneumonia.

"Please get me some water heated on the stove."
George asked.  He didn't need the water but wanted
the mother out of the room.  He quickly pulled out a
hypodermic needle, and gave the boy a shot of long-
acting penicillin.  Then with the flask of water on the
table, he coaxed an aspirin tablet down the boy's
throat.

When the boy's mother returned, George told her he
didn't need the water after all.  He would stop in and
see the boy before bedtime, but he thought he would
pull through.

Activity had begun to pick up in the inn.  Some field
workers were drifting in for some of the potent brew.
A young barmaid, dressed to emphasize her full
breasts, took our order.  It was clear that it would
take several of these brews to sleep on the straw
tonight.

"You aren't from these parts; where do you come
from?" she asked.

"We come from the North - from the hill country."

"Do they have pretty girls there?" she asked with a
grin.

"Not as pretty as you.  How do you keep the boys
away?"

She grinned, "All the nice boys have either been
taken to serve our King or their parents have
arranged their marriage.  Sometimes I just itch to feel
a man's touch."

"Maybe we can help with that problem," I said, as I
gently patted her full buttocks.

She blushed slightly, and walked slowly back to the
bar.  "Maybe later," she said

After eating a mush made of grains of undetermined
origin for supper, I went outside to answer nature's
call and then retired to my room.  George went to
check on the innkeeper's son.

The room had a single candle (placed away from the
straw mattress) and of, course no heat.  But then the
barmaid entered and had her hands under my tunic in
no time at all.  As I fondled her voluptuous and
unrestrained breasts under her blouse, her nipples
became firm and erect - some things just don't
change in 15 centuries.  In a short time I was
massaging her clit through the full bush of pubic hair
that surrounded it.  I slipped a finger and then a
second finger into her dripping and pulsating vaginal
canal.  By this time she had pulled my firm cock out
of my pants.  Then she let out a startled exclamation,
"What's wrong?  Did you have an accident?"

It took me a few second to realize what the problem
was.  Men of this time period were not circumcised -
she had never felt a circumcised penis.  "Where I
come from, some of our men have had their cocks
trimmed."

My penis found its way into her warm, moist pussy.
The warm folds of her vaginal canal firmly squeezed
my throbbing member.  Even though we were mostly
fully clothed in the cold, dark room on the bed of
straw, we both reached a very satisfying climax.

As we were unwinding, George came in.  Immediately,
our young wench walked over and gently stated
fondling his crotch.  "Is your cock trimmed too?  I
love the feel of a trimmed cock."

"Let's find out how it feels," George replied, and I
decided it was time to try another of the potent
brews.

Back downstairs in the tavern, some men sat down at
my table.  "Are you going to the games?" one asked.

In response to my questioning look, he than described
the tournament that would take place in 5 days at the
castle of Alstar, the Celtic King of England.  The
winner would be knighted and given a charge by the
King to lead the fight against Saxon invaders if that
became necessary.  I collected all of the information I
needed, including directions on reaching Alstar's
castle, also known as Kalatot.

The next morning, as we had some hard bread for
breakfast, there was an air of awe in the room.
George was apparently regarded as a master magician.
 The little boy's fever had broken, and it appeared
that he would recover.

As we mounted our horses and headed toward Kalatot,
we compared notes on our encounters of the previous
evening, we both agreed, that once past the body
odors associated with minimal hygiene, sex hadn't
changed a lot.  George had added one new experience
for our lively lass - not particularly caring for
"sloppy seconds," he had administered a douche.  This
really turned her on, and George was excited about
the whole encounter.

             CHAPTER 2 - THE TOURNAMENT

It took us two days to get to Kalatot.  When we
arrived, I was assigned to a tent for the contestants.
I was clearly an outsider among the group.  My
accent set me apart, and I stayed pretty much apart,
particularly since I did not want the others asking
too many questions or getting too close to my
equipment,  It wouldn't do too much good for them to
realize that my lance, steel-tipped titanium, was about
a fifth of the weight of theirs and thus could be
wielded almost like a sword.  George, now fully my
squire and no longer a peer, joined the other squires
in a separate tent.  He, too, had to be very cautious.


We had about a day to get our horses used to the
tournament field.  I had decided to win, but, judging
by the physical strength of some of the competitors, I
knew I couldn't win legitimately.  I would be
prepared.

The games finally began.  My first joust was easy.  I
was better prepared than my opponent, and unseated
him on the first pass.  It was interesting to see the
poor fellow lying on the ground; the game was over
for him.  It was a struggle for him to get back to his
due to the weight of the armor.  (Although full armor
was not extensively used until almost a thousand
years later, these contestants were wearing crudely
made plates for limited protection.)

The second joust was harder.  We were evenly
matched in skill level;  My lightweight equipment made
it easier for me to maneuver my lance and shield and
thus gave me the edge.

Finally it was down to Sir Gofred and me.  My
opponent was already knighted and was clearly the
court favorite.  He was also a real stud, and court
gossip was that he frequently entertained the Queen
when King Alstar was away.  Since this was the final
match, the trumpets played, and we both rode up to
pay homage to the King and Queen.  The Queen tossed
her scarf out to Sir Gofred to ride as her champion.
I was going to wrest that scarf away.

The trumpeters announced the beginning of the big
match.  We lined up our shields and lances and
started galloping toward each other.  As my lance
struck Sir Gofred's shield, it sent a shock through my
body; I was able to deflect his lance with my shield.
It was time to start the dirty tricks.

We had attached a very thin but stiff wire - almost
like a probe - to my horse's saddle.  The wire went
out about three feet ahead of the horse and had an
L-shaped bend at the end.  Before I started my next
pass, I turned on the power supply; the wire had
become a cattle prod.  As the horses approached, the
wire grazed Sir Gofred's horse's leg, and the horse
stumbled slightly, disrupting my opponent's timing.
His lance only grazed my shield; I got in a solid hit,
but Sir Gofred was not unseated.  The crowd, not
suspecting anything, roared at Sir Gofred's apparent
failure to deliver a solid blow to unseat me.

More drastic measures were required.  This time the
power supply was connected to my lance (insulated
from my hand).  At the instant I touched Sir Gofred's
shield, the pulsing electricity passed through his
armor, giving both Sir Gofred and his horse a slight
shock. Sir Gofred could not distinguish the electrical
shock from the mechanical shock of the sword against
the shield.  This time the horse balked slightly at the
same time Sir Gofred recoiled from the electrical and
mechanical shock, and my opponent was unseated.

I raised my hands in victory, returned my lance to
George, and rode toward the royal reviewing stand.  I
did not see Sir Gofred, with sheer strength, pull
himself up move toward my horse.  In a flash, he
pulled me off of the horse, but I was quickly up on
my feet.  Our swords were drawn.  The crowd was
roaring.

I had the ultimate advantage due to the lightweight
armor and weaponry.  I could simply run circles
around my opponent and wear him down.  I figured I
might as well make it look good and give the crowd
their money's worth, so we sparred for quite a long
time.  Finally, with a solid blow, I knocked his sword
from his hand and the simply pushed him to the
ground.  At that point, I took the Queen's scarf from
him, walked to the reviewing stand, and bowed
ceremoniously.  The Queen motioned for me to keep
the scarf, with what I interpreted to be a naughty
wink, and the King knighted me on the spot.

For the next several days, I rested from the games
and got to explore some of the surroundings and the
castle.  I was given a room in the castle, complete
with a bed with feather mattress.  I was called to
several meetings of the knights with the King, and
apparently accepted into the group.  Sir Gofred was
still a bit pissed off about losing, but, since he
thought it had been a fair fight, he was glad I didn't
kill him.

Later in the week, one of the Queen's Ladies
approached George, who was playing the role of my
squire to the hilt.  In addition, word of his miraculous
cure of the Innkeeper's son had reached the court, so
he was respected (and perhaps feared) for his magic.
The Queen's attendant stated that I was to have an
audience with the Queen at mid-afternoon.  George
was invited to visit with the messenger.

We went down to the lake and bathed the best we
could to make the best impression possible.  I arrived
at the Queen's chambers as requested.  There was a
warm fire in the fireplace, and the Queen was
beautiful in the dancing light of the flames mixed with
the rays of the afternoon sun.  It seems that the King
was on a hunting trip, and she was lonely (and
apparently, horny).  There was no question from the
beginning what she wanted.

We stood before the roaring fire, sipping wine.  Our
lips touched lightly.  But she quickly wrapped her
arms around me with a deep and passionate kiss, after
which she started unbuttoning my overblouse.  I
quickly unbuttoned her flowing robe, which fell to her
feet, leaving her beautiful, perfectly formed body
highlighted by the flickering fire.  I quickly
undressed, carefully removing the garment with the
compressed gas tranquilizer gun in the sleeve and the
Kelvar vest so she would not raise questions.  Her
hands eagerly unbuttoned my pants, and they
dropped to my feet, releasing my fully erect,
throbbing cock.  Her hands gently massaged my cock,
and I had to repeat the explanation of the
circumcision.

She took my hand an led me to the bed.  We spent
some time in kissing as my finger tips gently danced
over her body, exploring each delicate curve.  Her
skin was warm and soft, as if her maids had routinely
oiled it.

I then started gently kissing her neck and working
down her chest.  I went down each arm, including the
arm pit and the elbow, and then came back to those
beautifully formed breasts.  I kissed each tit, running
my tongue around the now firm nipples.  She purred
like a kitten, "You're wonderful, no one has ever done
this to me before."

"The best is yet to come," I replied.

She turned over on her back, and I started kissing
the nape of her neck and working down her back,
lightly kissing it in a zig-zag pattern.  I spent some
extra time on her soft, fully shaped buttocks before
moving down the backs of her legs.

I kissed, and tickled, the soles of her feet, then the
tops of her feet and started up the front and insides
of her legs, moving back and forth from leg to leg.  I
slowed down as I approached her very moist vagina,
but as inviting as it was, I kissed her all around it
and moved up to her abdomen.  After tickling her
stomach with my kisses, I moved back to her
womanhood.

She was now dripping wet - I gently started kissing
and tonguing her clit and working my tongue into her
vagina.  I could feel the throbbing from her vagina,
and soon the expansions and contractions began to
trap air and make popping sounds as I continued to
kiss and massage her clit with my tongue.  She finally
exploded in ecstacy, "Fuck me, fuck me, NOW,"

My cock entered her hot, wet pussy.  "Harder,
harder, faster," she screamed.

My pumping motions were intense and fast.  Soon, she
was gasping with delight as I shot my load and she
reached a new height of climax.

"I have never had such an experience," she said,
after we had relaxed somewhat.  "I want you to do
exactly what you did before."

I started the body kisses again.  This time she,
taking a page from my book, began kissing my body.
She seemed to delight in tracing my nipples with her
tongue, in much the same way I massaged her tits.

I continued the same pattern of body kisses that got
her so excited before.  As I was gently massaging her
clitoris with my tongue, I also began tickling her anus
with my finger.  She was really getting wound up
now.  When we were ready to fuck, I had her get on
top so she could rid me to her heart's content while I
massaged her firm breasts and taut nipples.

As we began to dress, the Queen said, "I don't know
where you learned to make love, but I've never
experienced anything like this.  I will be looking for
opportunities to get together again, but we have to be
careful."

              CHAPTER 3 - THE CAMPAIGN

The next day the King called me to his chambers.
This scared the shit out of me - my first thought was
that he had discovered the previous day's activities.
But when I went in I knew the subject was something
different.

"I received word that the Vikings have invaded and
captured the coastal village of Tollopston.  I want you
to lead an campaign to drive the bastards out.  How
many men do you think you will need?"

I thought a few minutes.  "Your Majesty, I will need
my squire."

"You're crazy!" replied the King.  "You will be facing
a force of two shiploads - probably 50 to 80 men."

"Sire, my squire and I can easily drive them from our
shores."  I already had the beginnings of a plan.

"Well, go then, and good luck.  Messengers will keep
me apprised of your progress."

The next morning, George and I embarked on our
mission.  Our first stop was our point of entry - the
cave.  There was a message box hidden in the cave
that was sent back and forth through time each
elapsed day (by our time).  I placed my diary in the
box describing our experiences to date (edited, of
course, to temper some of the steamier moments).  I
also included a list of items we needed for our
expedition, including a another person who could
speak the Viking's language as best we knew it.  We
also requested a pack horse for the extra equipment.
We also included a sample of the currency to be
duplicated to provide for our trip.

The following day, Eric, who was Norwegian and had
studied the Viking era, arrived with the equipment,
and we broke camp and headed toward Tollopston.
The first day of travel was uneventful; on the second
day, confirming our notion that travel in this time was
hazardous, a gang of fierce-looking thieves attempted
to rob us.  This time, the leader shot an arrow at me
before attempting the theft.  Just before being hit
with the tranquilizer dart, he was astounded as I
calmly pulled the arrow from my Kelvar vest and
threw it back at him.

We knew the next town was only a short distance so
we tied the men in a chain and made them walk
behind the pack horse.  When we got to the town, we
turned them over to the Magistrate who recognized
the leader as one who had killed several townspeople
in much the same way he had tried to kill me.  He
was immediately sentenced to be hanged and drawn
and quartered.  It was then I knew I didn't want t
be on the wrong side of the law in this era.

The sentence was carried out without delay.  The
leader of the thieves was stripped naked, taken to a
tree where a rope was thrown over a branch, the
noose slipped over his head, and he was hoisted up.
He swung in the breeze, slowly choking to death.
When his face was turning blue and his eyes started
to bulge, he was cut down, and a bucket of water
thrown on his shivering body to revive him.

The villagers had gathered to witness the balance of
the execution.  The naked thief was laid on the
ground in the village square.  A rope was tied to
each arm and to each leg.  The other end of the
ropes were tied to the saddle of four horses, each
heading in a different direction.  At the magistrate'
signal, each rider started his horse at a gallop.  I
thought I would be sick, and we didn't wait around to
see what happened to the other two thieves, but from
what we heard, they would probably be soundly
thrashed and sent on their way.

The rest of the journey went well; we found an inn
each night but one, which we spent in the open.  As
we approached Tollopston, we saw a patrol which
appeared to be Vikings.  We observed them from a
distance as they approached several farm houses
(more like shanties) and systematically stole the food
and farm animals.  At a designated point we ambushed
them, using the tranquilizer darts.  When they
awakened, the men's hands were securely tied, and
they were connected in a chain.  As the men began to
awake, two of the five were hit with new darts to keep 
the group from running off.  Then, a small but powerful
loudspeaker, which we had placed in a tree, blared
out.  "This is Thor.  I am very displeased with you.
Tell your captain that sometime this week, when he
does not expect it, I will give him instructions which
he must obey exactly.  Do you understand me?"  Eric
had done a good job with the dialect, because the men
nodded, and, hearing this inhumanly loud voice coming
from the trees, started running as fast as they could,
dragging their two still groggy colleagues with them.


We camped well outside of Tollopston.  Clearly, with
the village under the control of a foreign invader, we,
as representatives of King Alstar, would not be
particularly welcome.  Late that night, we crept into
Tollopston to get a feel for the layout of the village.
We quickly located the house in which the Viking
chieftains were staying.  We also spotted the two
Viking ships, anchored some distance from shore.

The next night we prepared the first step of our
plan.  After dark, we brought two of the high
powered loudspeakers and placed them high in the
trees.  Both were fed from radio receivers.  Then, at
approximately midnight, a single skyrocket was
launched, exploding with a loud explosion and a
display of streamers.  People, including the Vikings,
rushed to the streets.  About three minutes later, a
second skyrocket was set off.  Then the loudspeakers
blared forth, in as near to the Viking dialect as Eric
could muster:

 "To the Captain of the Vikings.  Tomorrow you will
leave Tollopston and return to your native land.  You
will take nothing that you did not bring, and you will
not cause further harm to Tollopston.  If you do not
follow my instructions exactly, I will destroy your
weapons, burn your ships, and you will be sent to
King Alstar for punishment.  I, Thor, have spoken."

A third skyrocket was launched.  There was total
silence in the village square during this event.  Shee
terror was seen on the faces, illuminated by the
skyrockets, in the square. For the Vikings, this was a
frightening religious experience that would never be
forgotten.  We had no doubt that the instructions
would be followed.  The only thing that remained for
us was to wait for a couple of hours, tranquilize
anyone remaining outside, and recover the speakers.

As we anticipated, during the following day, there was
much scurrying around as the Vikings were almost in
a panic to leave.  Our mission to study this century
was essentially completed.  The question was whether
to return to the 20th century or to make one trip
back to Kalatot Castle.  It would be fun to return as
conquering heros, but the king's messengers had also
brought messages of our "magic."  This could create
some awkward situations and perceptions, and, of
course, would be seen as threatening to some.  The
decision to make one more visit to Kalatot was made
by Eric after hearing George describe his experiences
with the Queen's Lady-in-waiting.

            CHAPTER 4 - RETURN TO KALATOT

On the return trip, we encountered one more band of
thieves.  As soon as they saw whom they were facing,
they quickly turned tail and ran.  Word of our
accomplishments had spread rapidly.

We stopped by the cave and left the extra equipment
and non-degradable scrap for return to the 20th
century.  After confirming that the transfer had taken
place, we left the next morning.  We stopped again at
the inn where we stayed the first night and were
offered free food and lodging in return for restoring
the health of the innkeeper's son.   However, no one
appeared happier to see us than the busty barmaid.
Both George and I, after tasting the fruits of Kalatot,
declined to bed her down, but Eric was
adventuresome.

Word of our prospective arrival at the Kalatot castle
had preceded us.  Amid a flurry of trumpets, we rode
into the courtyard.

That night a banquet was held in our honor.  My two
squires, although not seated at the banquet table,
were given special recognition.  King Alstar asked, "I
am going hunting tomorrow - would you like to
accompany me?"  My first thought was 'no fucking
way!' but I replied, "No thank you sire.  My pages
and I have ridden hard for the past few days, and we
would prefer to rest."  The Queen, seated on the
other side of the King was slyly smiling.

The King then asked, "At the moment, I do not have
another campaign planned.  What are your plans?"

"I plan to travel to other areas of England - probably
the southern sector," I replied, knowing full well that
when we left, we would be gone forever.

After dinner of venison (eaten from the bone) and
wine, the court jester and magician, Markin, came in
to entertain us.  "My Ladies and Lords," Markin
began, "I cannot match the magic that we have heard
about from our distinguished guest, but I will try to
entertain."  His comments had a touch of sarcasm that
caused me to wonder how much of a threat he
perceived that I was.

The jester's entertainment was mediocre at best;
nevertheless, I tried to show support and
appreciation.  That night, I, and my two squires slept
better than we had in weeks.

The following day, as expected, the summons came
from the Queen.  Two Ladies-in-waiting were assigned
to entertain George and Eric.  I arrived at the
Queen's chambers promptly at the appointed time.
She was absolutely radiant, highlighted by the
flickering fire and illuminated by the afternoon sun
coming through the wall openings.

I gently brushed her lips with mine.  She couldn't
wait - she pulled my hands under her gown and
threw her arms around me.  The next kiss was
anything but gentle.  My arms under all of her
clothes on her bare back as we kissed passionately.
It was only minutes before two naked bodies were
entangled on her bed.

I did not want one square inch of her soft, warm
body to go unkissed.  I started at her forehead, and
covered her face with gentle kisses.  Then down to
her neck, behind her ears, then to those firm, well
formed breasts.  I sucked gently on each nipple.

It took about forty minutes to work down to her feet
and start back up, switching back and forth between
her legs.  I worked all around the generous pubic
hair and back to her crotch.  By this time, we had
just naturally moved into a "69" position.  The Queen
began was fondling and teasing my scrotum and
gently kissing my throbbing penis.

I spread the lips of her vulva as she shuddered with
anticipation.  I began to lightly tease the unhooded
clitoris.  Finally, she reached down and pushed my
head toward her vagina.  I then started massaging
and sucking with vigor.   Her pussy was wonderful.
She had sweet feminine odors - her attendants had
done an excellent job of bathing and preparing her.

She climaxed several times with my mouth pressed
against her clit.  Then she pushed me around, and I
slipped my cock into that warm, inviting channel.  She
hit another peak just as I reached my climax,
spraying the inside of her vagina with warm (but
spermless) semen.

We lay together on the bed - both of us were
exhausted.  "I am leaving tomorrow; you will never
see me again," I confided.  A tear appeared in her
eye.  "We have only been together twice, but it has
been the best I've ever had.  Won't you please come
back?" she asked.

As I was about to answer, the door flung open.  Two
strong men grabbed me and wrapped a blanket around
my naked body.  Markin picked up my clothes in a
bundle.  He spoke to the Queen, "Your Highness, if
you say anything about this, I will describe your
activities in detail to the King."

The two strong men carried me to a distant room in
the basement of the castle.  I was completely helpless;
my arms were restrained by the blanket and all of my
protection was with my clothes.  I hoped that Markin
would not look too closely at my clothes and discover
some of the goodies I had hidden there.

A rope was tied to each leg and arm.  The ropes
attached to my arms were thrown over a ceiling beam
and tied off.  The leg ropes were simply tied to keep
me from kicking and to keep my legs spread apart.  I
was standing, spread eagled in the middle of the
room, completely naked.  "Now," Markin announced,
"We will see whose magic is stronger.  In fact, you
will disclose all of your secrets to me."

As Markin walked around me deciding how he was
going to torture me, he noticed my circumcised penis.
"You are not one of us.  Where are you from?"  I
explained that we came from far away and the cut
penis was common in our land.  I also told Markin
that, if he would release me, I, and my squires, would
leave and never return.  "Maybe I should cut the rest
of your penis off," Markin replied.  By now I was
beginning to sweat, in spite of the cold, damp
dungeon.  "If you do that," I replied, "I will surely
die quickly from the blood loss, and you will never
learn anything."

My best strategy was to stall for time.  I knew that
the Queen would relay news of my kidnapping to
George and Eric.  We were concerned about becoming
separated and had powerful miniaturized homing
transmitters sewn into our clothes. So I knew my
ordeal wouldn't be long.  Just then I saw one of
Markin's henchmen pick up a whip.  Markin nodded at
him, and the whip came crashing down on my back.
The stinging blows continued across my back,
buttocks and legs until I almost passed out.

After the beating stopped, Markin walked over.  "Now,
let's talk."

"What do you want to talk about?" I asked.

"Don't get smart with me.  I want to know how you do
all of your tricks, particularly how you lit up the sky
in Tollopston and caused the Norse gods to talk."

"I can't possibly explain that to you; I couldn't do it
again right now if I had to."

Markin picked up a small but sturdy branch.  He
poised the branch directly under my scrotum.  "You
had better think fast - If I don't hear what I want ...
" and he tapped my testicles with the branch.

At that instant, the door blew off of its hinges thanks
to a well placed charge of plastic explosives.
Tranquilizer darts quickly dispatched Markin and his
henchmen.  George came over and looked at my back
while Eric cut me down.  George reached in his bag of
tricks and pulled out a can of anesthetic spray to kill
the pain.  Then he sprayed my the whip welts with a
antiseptic to prevent infection.

"You are going to have a rough ride tomorrow," he
told me.

In the meantime, we tied up Markin and his henchmen,
and moved them to another room in the dungeon
whose door was still intact, and locked them up.  We
would let them see some real magic later on tonight.

We sent our thanks to the Queen.  Later, we dined
with the King and his court.  It was really hard for
me to sit still during the meal, but, if it hadn't been
for my friends, it could have been much worse.

After the castle was quiet, it was time to take care of
Markin.  Judiciously using a flashlight, we set up the
corridor leading from the dungeon back to the castle
with battery operated sound equipment and ultraviolet
lamps.  We entered the cell using night goggles and
released one of the brutes that kidnapped me.  No
words were spoken.  There was absolutely no light in
the cell or the corridor into which the man was
pushed and told to escape.  As he passed through the
corridor, the ultraviolet lights flashed on some
phosphorescent images that we had painted on the
wall while strange sounds and voices admonished him
to leave the castle forever.

This was repeated with the second man.  Then came
Markin.  He got special treatment.  He was stripped
naked in the dark by mysterious hands, and pushed
into the pitch black corridor.  The audio messages in
the corridor stated in an erie voice, "You were told to
release your prisoner.  Instead you injured him."  At
that instant, a whip caught Markin's back, pushing
him against the wall.   Although we were much less
harsh with Markin than his men were with me, he was
scared shitless.

The voice came on again, accompanied by a flash of
the phosphorescent figures on the wall, "You will
leave Kalatot TONIGHT, and never return."
Again a well directed lash of the whip.

The amplified voice stated, "Clothes will be waiting for
you at the end of the corridor.  Leave NOW."  Another
lash of the whip had Markin running through the
dark tunnel, stumbling and feeling his way out.  The
clothes we had left for him were not his clothes, but
were the clothes of a down and out peasant.  All that
remained was for us to collect our equipment and try
to get a little sleep.

               CHAPTER 5 - CONCLUSION

The next morning, I requested an audience with King
Alstar.  "We are leaving now.  I wish you and your
court well."  The King replied, "The best to you.  Our
castle is always open to you when you return."  I
only wished that there were some way to teach the
King how to improve his sex life.

Our trip back to the cave was uneventful.  We left a
note in the box that our mission was complete. The
next day we were in the cave, prepared to return,
and our return went smoothly.

The only remaining task was to write a scholarly
paper on our foray into early England.  The problem
was Who would believe us?
