


                          TINA, Part 3

     Mom and I came to an understanding about bondage.  She was
concerned that if she bound me too often I would drift away from my
friends and spend my entire day secured by ropes or chains or
whatever.  Since I needed her for her experience, I felt sort of
compelled to agree.  Deep down, I think I understood her argument,
and truly agreed.

     Anyhow, I did spend a lot of time with my friends.  And, from
time to time, I would be tied by them.  Things were going great as
the six of us entered our senior year of high school.  

     Inevitably, we all thought about college.  At first we were
confused because it appeared the group was breaking up.  The boys
had each gotten athletic scholarships to the state university.  For
financial reasons, Alice was going to stay at home and start at
junior college.  Gigi had earned a scholarship to a private school. 
Strangely, although we had never talked about it, Natasha and I
announced we would be going out of state to the same school.

     When I mentioned all these things to my Mom, she said that
maybe Natasha and I ought to room together.  In that way, she said,
"we'd each have a close friend."  The significance of that
statement passed me by for a few minutes, but then I caught on.

     "Mom," I began, "fun is fun, but college is for education."

     Mom laughed, and replied, "Yes, it is, isn't it?"  And then,
after a bit, she added, "I'll have to call Dorothy (Natasha's
mother) and set a lunch date."

     I didn't think anything about it for several days.  Then one
day, when I got home from school, my mother came into my room with
a box.  She laid it on my bed, as I was changing into levis and
wellington boots, and took from it a white, canvas thing. 
Recognition was a little slow but eventually I decided it was a
straight jacket.

     "For me?" I asked.

     Mom nodded, holding it up so that the sleeves hung down.  I
accepted the invitation and unhesitatingly thrust my hands and arms
into the extra long sleeves which were closed at the end.  She
pulled it up over my shoulders and then stepped behind me where she
began to draw the straps closed.  Very quickly, I was fully
encased.  Mom then told me to cross my arms in front.  When I had
done so, she took the strap hanging down from the left and pulled
it behind my back and into the clasp on the end of the right
sleeve.  I was now fully covered and secured.  But Mom wasn't done:
the tongue hanging down in front had a strap at the end.  She took
it and pulled it up between my legs and secured it to the jacket in
the back.

     I shifted my body from side to side and twisted my arms. 
Smilingly, I said to mother, "Well, I'm in and I can't get out. 
Now what?"

     I thought she might secure me to a chair to watch TV or some
such.  Her answer astounded me: "We're going visiting."

     "In broad daylight?" I asked incredulously.

     When she nodded, I added, "Like this?"

     She chuckled, "Why not?  You're fully covered.   C'mon.  We're
going to Natasha's house.  Her mother, Dorothy, and I were talking
about you two going to school and we have some ideas to suggest to
you."

     Dubiously, I followed her out of the house and into our car. 
Naturally, mom held the door for me and, after securing my seat
belt, she closed my door.  In a moment, she had herself belted, the
door closed and we moved off.  Natasha's house was only a couple
blocks and usually we walked but I was thankful we drove this time
-- though as we rode along, I noticed not one person on the
sidewalk between my house and Natasha's.

     When we arrived, I was in a quandary.  While Natasha had seen
me bound, I had no idea how her mother might react.  Also,
appearing in a public area, in broad daylight, bound; well, that
bothered me.  Mother noticed how agitated I was, how much I was
struggling in the straight jacket; and she merely smiled and then
said, "Relax.  You'll be amongst friends."

     That told me a lot.  Still, I struggled, walked sideways,
glancing over my shoulder to see if anyone was looking (no one
was).

     When we entered the house, Dorothy (Natasha's mother) greeted
my mom with a kiss on the lips and then said, "Tina, what a lovely
jacket.  I'll bet you're comfy.  But it took courage to come out in
that in broad daylight.  Come in, both of you, and sit down. 
Natasha is waiting."

     Boy, Natasha surely was waiting.  She was naked, kneeling on
the floor in front of the coffee table, bent over at the waist,
with her wrists tied to the far end.  Her ass was very prominent. 
She looked up at me with a big smile, and said, "Hi Tina.  Hello
Mrs. Crimp (in case you missed it, my name is Tina Crimp and my
mother naturally is Mrs. Crimp -- first name Helen)."

     Bemused, I merely continued to walk into the room.  Dorothy
spoke, "Helen, why don't you sit here at the end of the couch, and
Tina, you can sit on this stool which might be a bit more
comfortable.  Besides, that way you each get a good view of
Natasha's ass."

     Why would I want to get a good view of Natasha's ass, I
wondered, as I settled on the stool.  Natasha was no longer looking
my way so I had no way of seeking an answer in her face.  My mother
and Dorothy were lighting cigarettes, so they were no help.  And
then I saw the paddle and other things on the floor, and I
understood: Natasha was going to be paddled!

     Wow!  Of course I knew it happened to her, but I'd never seen
it done.  The one time the others had seen her behind after a
paddling, I'd been tied down in my backyard.  I suddenly found
myself intensely interested.  I was going to see one of my best
friends paddled.  It wasn't that I wanted her to have pain; I guess
I realized she had her likes just as I had mine.

     I was jolted out of my mussings by my mother's voice, "My
goodness, Tina, you were certainly lost in thought."

     Smiling, I replied, "Yeah, I guess so.  I think I'm going to
like what I'm about to see."

     At this, Natasha raised her head and looked back at me, "Oh
you do, do you?  Well, I'm prepared to admit I like this.  How do
you like what you're wearing?"

     "Me?" I answered innocently, "why Natasha, you know I like to
be bound.  And you, you like to have your ass paddled?"

     "Ummmm," she replied, "and then some."

     Laughing, Dorothy interjected, "Before you two get too
excited, maybe I ought to do Natasha."  So saying, she stooped to
pick up the ping pong paddle.  Gripping it firmly, she bent at the
waist and applied a quick stroke to each cheek of Natasha's ass. 
The force of the blows was greater than I would have imagined for
starters  -- I thought one would work one's way up to it (I've
since learned differently).  Red splotches appeared on each cheek.

     "How're those for starters?" Dorothy asked her daughter.

     Without raising her head, Natasha answered, "Just right
Mother. Please continue."

     And so Dorothy began a rhythmic application of the paddle to
her daughter's ass.  At the end of twenty swats, each cheek had had
an equal number but they weren't alternated.  Then Dorothy bent
again, dropped the paddle and picked up a short, flexible whip. 
She resumed her previous position and began to swing the whip.  The
initial strokes caught Natasha on the ass, but soon Dorothy was
hitting her on the thighs and back.  I was mesmerized.  I'd never
dreamed it would be like this.  Oh, I'd read about whippings, but
to actually see the scalding of a friend's ass and back, well, that
was really something.  I enjoyed listening to Natasha grunt and ugh
as her body absorbed the force and the pain of each stroke.  I
imagined she probably felt the same way when she saw me tied (I
learned later that she did) because we each could relate the
other's predicament to sexual excitement (god, was I excited -- my
cunt was like a fountain and I knew my levis would show a wet mark
but I wasn't worried about that).  On impulse, I looked over at my
mother.  She was smoking and alternately staring intently at
Natasha's ass and Dorothy's face.  This jolted me -- my mother was
hot for Dorothy.  And then I caught my mother fingering her own
crotch.  Wow!

     Finally, dropping the whip, Dorothy said, "We'll let her rest
a bit if that's okay with you Tina."

     Brightly, I said, "Don't matter to me.  Whatever Natasha wants
is fine with me."

     Natasha raised a smiling face to me and said, "Now you know my
secret too.  Yeah, I'd like a rest, but I want more."

     Later, Dorothy gave Natasha ten strokes with a nice, whippy
cane.  Each stroke brought a squeal or an awrrgh from Natasha, but
she never asked her mother to stop.

     When the whipping (I learned that Natasha preferred to call
her episodes 'whippings' rather than 'paddlings') was finished and
Natasha released, my mother asked if I wanted out of my straight
jacket.  Actually, I had forgotten I had it on, and was inclined to
decline, but then Natasha said we would be having pizza for supper
so I agreed.

     While we waited for the pizza to be delivered, the four of us
smoked and talked about Natasha's and my college plans.

     Our senior year in high school passed quickly.  We six worried
we would drift apart, so we arranged to spend more time together. 
Naturally, I spent a lot of time tied.

     The six of us went to our Senior Prom together.  Biff and
George took a lot of ribbing, but they countered that they were men
enough for the four of us girls.  While Alice and Gigi were dressed
as any of the other girls at the prom, Natasha and I were
different.  She was well and truly whipped under her gown.  Her
mother had been careful to avoid marking her where her dress
wouldn't cover.  I was wearing a very strict corset, which caused
me some unanticipated problems: I was hungry because I hadn't been
able to each much and I was thirsty for the same reason.  The
discomfort was, naturally, a turn-on.  Mother had had a lot of fun
lacing me into the garment, and she had done so with gusto.  Even
if I had been inclined to cheat and not lace it closed, mother
wouldn't have let me get away with it.  I had held it to my belly
while mother tightened the laces.  When it wouldn't move at all, it
felt quite comfortable and I thought we might be done.  Then mother
had told me to grasp the top of the door frame and hold on; and
then she began to seriously tighten the lacings.  By holding my
arms over my head, I made my chest slimmer, which made it easier
for mom to make the corset tighter.  Once, I had to tell her I was
feeling faint.  She stopped her tightening and supported me for a
few moments.  She even had smelling salts, which instantly cleared
the fuzziness.  At another point, I complained that I didn't think
I could handle any more constriction, but she just continued to
pull and tug.  She was actually panting, she was working so hard. 
And finally, she stopped.  I felt like I was rigid from my hips to
my neck.  My boobies were swelled up over the top of the corset,
and I was quite proud of them.  And then, on a whim, mother
measured my waist: it was six inches less than normal, and that was
over the top of the corset, so I was probably at least seven inches
smaller.  When I looked at myself in the mirror, I was amazed: I
truly did look like an hour glass.  Since my gown was a clinging
fabric, my body drew lots of attention that nite.  Also, since the
dress was floor length, I was able to wear my knee high, high
heeled boots.

     The prom was a huge success.  The six of us drew lots of
attention.  Naturally, my body was an attraction, but the other
girls were dressed spectacularly so none of us stood out any more
than any other.

     Traditionally, proms began at school, where a meal was served
and then on a country club for the dance.  After that, everybody
adjourned to a mountain resort where everybody changed for a hike
to scenic view to see the sunrise.  We stayed with the class until
we got to the resort, and then we went to our own cabin, the six of
us; and when we left, none of us were virgins.  We missed the
sunrise, but we were pleased that even if in the future we saw less
of one another, we had shared a rite of passage together.  I'm not
ready to tell about that nite yet; maybe at a later time.

     That Fall, Natasha and I went off to school.  We decided we
wanted to start out in the dorm, so we had a two room suite.  The
first couple weeks, we were caught up in learning our new life and
did nothing that any of the others weren't doing.  We hit the beer
hall a few times, and made lots of friends.  And then we got into
going to classes, and all at once, discovered we had lots of
homework.  Resolving to quit playing and to begin work, we stayed
in our rooms and studied for three straight nites.

     Finally, about ten on the third nite, Natasha threw down her
pencil and said, "Shit."

     Looking up, I replied, "What did you say?"

     "I said 'shit'," she repeated.  "I need a break.  This is just
too intense."

     Taking a chance, I replied, "What you mean is that you need
your ass paddled."
     She said nothing for a moment, then, after lighting a
cigarette, she said, "You ready to do me?"

     I nodded, so Natasha stood and walked to her dresser.  She
opened the second drawer and, after moving some clothes, she pulled
out the paddle and the whip her mother had used that day nearly a
year ago as I sat watching in my straight jacket.  She threw them
on the bed and then, after locking the door, she stripped and knelt
at the side of her bed with her upper body laying across it.  This
had taken no time at all.  The rapidity with which Natasha moved
startled me, but I knew I was going to do it.  On a whim, I too
stripped.  Then, stepping to where she was lying, I picked up the
paddle.  I hefted it and moved it around.  Then, without warning
her, I hit the left cheek of her ass as hard as I could.  The
'crack' sound was like a cannon shot and, almost involuntarily, I
said, "god."

     Natasha giggled, and looked up at me.  She was surprised to
see my bare tits and her eyes bulged, but then she said, "Like your
dress."

     "Now what?" I asked.

     "What do you mean?"

     "Well," I replied, "we can't make that much noise."

     "Oh," Natasha said, "well, just use the whip then."

     So I did.  I hit her at least thirty times with that whip. 
And when I was done, her back and ass and thighs were criss-crossed
with the thin red lines.

     I didn't know if I should go on, but Natasha got up,
signalling the end, and then she embraced me and kissed me on the
mouth.  I ate her pussy that nite.

