Tina-Slave

     Tina had been having these strange feelings about her
sexuality for years.  She had always fantasized about things that
would be considered "kinky" by most of her friends.  Now, here
she was in a situation that only a few months ago she could not
have imagined.  It all started when she and Marge had been
talking about each other's fantasies.  Tina had gone first and
she had shared her innermost feelings.  Marge was very intent,
listening to Tina describe how she had always wondered what it
would be like to be totally submissive to a man.  Marge asked her
if she had any experience in dominant/submissive relationships.
Tina blushed as she described how she had once been tied up by
an ex-boyfriend and how he had spanked her also.  Marge asked if
it had been exciting for her and Tina said yes.  Marge smiled.
Tina's face was flushed as she finished her story and demanded
that Marge reciprocate.  Marge smiled and said that her favorite
fantasies were also about submission.  Tina's eyes opened wide.
Marge told Tina that only recently had she done anything about
it and that she now knew a wonderful "Master".  "Wow!, said
Tina, "And he's always dominant?".  "Sure", said Marge, "I get
to live out my submissive fantasies totally with him.  Tina
felt herself getting excited and she shifted uncomfortably in her
chair.  "Would you like to meet him?", asked Marge.  

Tina's eyes opened wide at the question.  "What would I have to do?",
she asked in a small voice.  Marge just smiled, "You'd have to be
completely submissive.  If you want to meet him, he'll give you
an interview and he'll find out if you're submissive enough for
him.  The interview was one of the most exciting events of my
life.  I was never so open or vulnerable as that day!"  "What
happens in the interview?", asked Tina.  "I shouldn't tell
you.", smiled Marge, "It would take away all the fun."  There was
a long moment of silence.  Tina's mind was racing.  Part of her
told her to grab the opportunity and part of her told her to
forget it.  Finally she looked up at Marge.  Her voice was
quivering as she gave her answer, "I'd like to try it.", she
said.  "O.K.", said Marge, "You can expect a call in the next few
days.  The name is Sir Robert."  Tina barely remembered the
rest of the day.  For the next couple of days, in fact, her mind
couldn't get off what was going to happen to her.  Her days were
filled with the anticipation of waiting for "the call".  Finally,
3 days later, it came. 

A  woman's voice was at the other end of the line.  "Is your  name  Tina?", 
she asked.  "Yes.", said Tina, "Sir Robert has granted you an interview.  I 
am to give you your instructions.  Are you ready?"  Tina's heart was
beating a mile-a-minute.  "Yes, I am.", she whispered.  "Very
well, you are to arrive at the Holiday Inn Hotel and present
yourself at room 210 at exactly 2pm Saturday.  Do not be late
under any circumstances.  You are to wear a light sundress.  You
are forbidden to wear a bra, stockings or panties.  You are to
wear your dress and your shoes, nothing more.  Do you understand
your instructions?"  "Yes I do.", said Tina.  "You may say, Yes
Miss.", said the anonymous voice sternly.  "Yes Miss.", said
Tina before she could even think about it.  "Very well then,
goodbye.", she said.  Tina hung up the phone.  Her heart was
beating hard and her palms were moist as she sat down.  She
leaned back in her chair and closed her eyes.  She let her hands
glide down her body, feeling its heat.  She had never in her life
imagined that she would do something like this and now it was
really happening.  She let her hands slide into her shorts and
down under her panties.  Her pussy was soaking.  She started to
play with herself, letting her hands slide into her pussy and rub
the hot juices into her already hard clit.  Her hips moved of
their own accord as she imagined a stranger touching her,
entering her, holding her open for his inspection.  One hand
moved up to her nipples and she pinched them tightly.  


The feeling was wonderful and she squeezed them harder than she would
normally wondering if they would be punished also.  Her orgasm
was not long in coming and it was a powerful one.  For the first
time ever, Tina cried out loud while she was coming.  The next
couple of days passed in a blur for Tina as Saturday quickly
approached.  She couldn't keep the thoughts of what might happen
from her mind and she seemed to be in a constant state of arousal
thinking about it.  And now, here she was, standing in front of a
hotel room door wondering if she should actually knock or not!
She had dressed early after carefully taking a long bath and
cleaning herself from head to toe.  She was now in her yellow
cotton sundress.  It was a pretty dress that showed off her brown
curly hair well.  As instructed she was wearing no bra or
panties.  The feeling of traveling to the hotel with nothing
under her dress had been a little unnerving.  She kept looking at
every man who walked past her wondering if he could see through
her dress, wondering if he knew that she was on her way to a
Master.  

Now, she stood in front of the door with her palms
moist, her nipples hard and her pussy hot and wondered what would
happen when she knocked.  Closing her eyes and taking a deep
breath, she reached up and knocked on the door.  It was opened a
moment later moment later by a stunning blond woman.  At first
Tina thought she had the wrong room.  She started to back away
mumbling an apology when the woman said, "Follow me Tina."
Startled, Tina moved into the hotel room.  She looked at the
other woman as she turned and closed the door.  She was very
tall, perhaps 5'11" and was dressed in a light summer dress that
came down to about halfway to her knees.  Her figure was perfect
and her face beautiful.  Tina looked at her face and saw that
this was a no-nonsense sort of woman.  Tina waited expectantly
in the entranceway for instructions.  The woman took her by the
arm and brought her over to the window.  She was faced looking
out of the full length window and told to remain still.  The
feeling of knowing that someone was behind her while she stood
there was very unnerving.  Suddenly Tina realized that standing
this way made her dress almost transparent from the rear!  A hot
blush hit her cheeks as she stood passively waiting for
instructions.  She was made to wait for a couple of minutes, not
daring to turn around before a deep male voice began speaking to
her.  "My name is Sir Robert, Tina", he said, "You may address
me as Sir Robert or Sir."  "Yes Sir", said Tina in a meek
voice.  Sir Robert continued, "I am going to be conducting your
interview.  I want you to know that you may not pass the
interview and may be unsuitable for serving me.  Now, before we
begin I want you to spread your legs wide apart."  Tina blushed
again as she followed the instructions.  She knew that whoever
was behind her was getting a perfect view of her legs through the
dress.  

It seemed silly considering that she expected to end up
without even the dress before they were done, but, oddly, she
felt more naked with the dress on.  Sir Robert now began asking a
long series of questions.  They started off very normally, asking
her birthday, her measurements.  She was asked to describe the
schooling she had received as well as the work experience she
had.  She found herself answering honestly and completely.  The
questions steadily got more personal.  "At what age did you lose
your virginity?", asked Sir Robert.  Tina told him that she had
been 15.  "Have you ever made love to a woman?", he asked.
Tina stuttered on her reply that she had not.  Sir Robert asked
for complete history of what kinds of sexual experiences she had
had and what parts of her body turned her on the most.  She was
embarrassed to describe how she masturbated and when Sir Robert
asked if she had ever used her finger in her behind while doing
so, she stammered out her answer.  She answered a long series of
questions on what types of submissive experiences she had enjoyed
and what types of submissive fantasies she had.  Finally, Sir
Robert asked her the last question, "Are you now prepared to
serve me?"  Tina didn't hesitate.  "Yes", she blurted.  Tina
heard some movement behind her and then felt the fingers of
someone (Was it the woman or the man?) pulling her dress up.  

She raised her hands and in a moment she was naked.  She was now
standing in full view of anyone looking at this room on the 2nd
floor of the Holiday Inn with absolutely no clothes on!  Tina
had never been so excited.  She felt she would do anything for
these people.  "Alright Tina, now masturbate yourself."  Tina
jumped at the command.  Her hand hesitantly moved to her pussy
and found it drenched!  Her juices were literally dripping down
her thigh.  She slid two fingers into her pussy and started
moving them in and out.  She was unable to stifle a moan.  The
woman instructed her to bend forward a little to give them a
better view and Tina did so, her face and breasts were almost
touching the glass of the window now.  She was hotter than she
had ever been in her life and her hand was moving furiously
between her legs.  She was breathing in short ragged breaths.
She started to feel the beginnings of the most powerful orgasm
she had ever experienced when all of a sudden her wrist was
grabbed by the woman and pulled away from her pussy.  It was
pulled back and quickly fastened to her other wrist behind her
back.  Tina moaned in frustration, "Please let me come?", she
begged.  Her heat was incredible she was desperate to touch
herself.  "No, Tina", said Sir Robert, "You will come when I
tell you not when you please."  Tina moaned again, her hips
were still writhing back and forth hoping to find something to
rub against.  

Tina felt the other woman attaching nipple clips
to her large brown nipples.  They pinched her hard but were not
really painful.  The woman had Tina go down on her knees now
and then bent her head forward until it was resting on the
carpeted floor.  She was instructed to keep her knees wide
apart.  She felt her bottom being stroked and the sensation was
wonderful.  The long cool fingers of the woman stroked the crack
of her ass and then gently and firmly pulled her buttocks wide
apart to completely expose her tiny rear opening.  Tina moaned
again as she felt herself opened.  A finger cool with lubricant
now slid into Tina's bottom and she gasped at the sensation.
The finger moved slowly all the way into her and then slid out
deliciously.  She felt her hips move of their own accord as she
pushed back against the finger trying to get more of it in her.
The finger was removed and Tina moaned in frustration again.

The next sensation was that of a small butt plug as it was
inserted in her rear.  Tina had never felt anything like this
and she gave out a little whimper as the thick part of the plug
pushed into her.  The feeling of being held open like that was a
constant stimulation for the already over-stimulated body.
Tina heard Sir Robert chuckling at her.  She felt a large manly
hand reach between her legs to feel her heat.  Two fingers slid
quickly into her pussy and she cried out at the wonderful
feeling.  They were quickly removed however.  The two dominants
now stood up leaving the hot submissive on her knees.  Tina was
hoping for relief.  She moaned and whimpered as she knelt there
with her filled bottom on display.  "You are going to be spanked
now, Tina.", said Sir Robert, "Are you ready?"  "Yes Sir,
please.", gasped Tina.  Tina felt the leather paddle being
rubbed on her smooth buttocks and then felt the rush of air as it
struck her bottom.  The pain was sharp but not unbearable and the
heat that it generated added to her stimulation.  She was moaning
constantly and pushing her buttock back up to the paddle as it
landed.  The spanking stopped for a moment and she felt a large
vibrator being slid into her soaking pussy.  The vibrator was
turned on and off intermittently.  She was kept close to coming
but whenever she was close, the action would stop and she would
be kept quivering.  Finally, the spanking ended.  Her buttocks
and upper thighs were hot and stinging.  The juices from her
pussy were now dripping down her legs and Tina was delirious
with desire.  She was ordered to turn around and suck her Master.

She did so eagerly, now pulling his large manhood into her.  The
vibrator in her pussy was turned on and off.  Whenever she was
close to coming it would stop.  She was kept in a constant state
of arousal.  Her tongue ran up and down it and she let him slide
all the way to the back of her throat, something she had never
allowed a man to do before.  His orgasm was not long in coming.
She swallowed his come in large gulps, determined to catch it all
and please her Master.  Then Sir Robert ordered her to suck the
other woman.  She was sitting on a chair with her legs spread and
Tina didn't even hesitate in leaning over to slide her tongue
into the hot, wet woman.  She quickly brought the other woman to
orgasm delighting in the feeling of being able to please another
person like that.  "Now, I am going to let you come, my little
slave.", said Sir Robert.  "Oh thank you, Sir", said Tina.  She
was desperate to come.  The sensations in her nipples, her ass
and pussy were indescribable.  Every movement she made turned on
a different part of her.  "You will be entertaining more than
just myself.", said her Master.  "Go over to the window and move
forward until your nipple clips are touching the glass."  Tina
did so, feeling the hot flush on her face of exposing herself
this way.  The vibrator was turned on again and she felt two
hands reach around to grasp the clips on her sensitive nipples
and pull on them.  Another hand reached down to begin playing
with the intruder in her ass and it was that last sensation that
was finally too much.  Tina's whole body began to shake as she
let herself be consumed by the orgasm.  It took over all of her
and she would have fallen down if she had not been held up by the
other two.  Her ass clenched hard on the anal dildo and that sent
her into another spasm of orgasm.  It seemed to go on forever as
one sensation after another triggered another peak.  Several long
minutes later she was curled up on the floor at her Master's
feet, drained by the experience.  It had been the most intense
experience of her life and Tina knew that this was only the
beginning.
