Archive-name: Amazon/tina1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Tough Tina - Wrestling Goddess


   John runs into Tina at Happy Hour. Tina remarks that John is in better 
shapethan he used to be. "Hey John", chirped Tina, "you look more like a man 
than you used to, you been working' out?". She challenges him to a wrestling
match. She only fucks men who can defeat her. She usually ends up with 
brainless body builders. She loves their bodies but wants to find a nice guy
who can overcome her physically.
   Tina is about thirty five but looks 10 years younger. She has a pretty, 
not gorgeous face, and a petite feminine but firm upper body with medium, 
perky tits and a washboard stomach. Very large thighs, calves and butt. 
All feminine shaped but hard as rock. Stands 5' 7', and goes about 147 lbs. 
She runs several miles a day and lifts weights. She moves as quickly and 
effortlessly as a tiny teenage cheerleader type. The match starts fairly 
even, John is stronger in the upper body, but just barely. Two pins a piece. Tina's sly smile shows she is just toying with the boy. Then Tina gets a head scissors. 
   John submits instantly but Tina maintains the painful hold for several 
minutes while taunting her captive. After this Tina gradually takes control 
She is not even winded, John is exhausted. Tough Tina tortures the hapless 
wimp with a Boston Crab till his back nearly snaps. Next the viscous goddess 
lifts her helpless toy in an airplane spin. "I can hold you up here all day 
and there is nothing you can do about it" laughs dominant Tina. She next 
follows with a lingering full body press for a count of 100 as the delighted 
victress taunts her hapless victim and challenges him to fight back.. Next, 
Tina Terrific sits John up, sits facing in his lap and snaps on an explosive  
body scissors. Tina laughs " My John, how weak and funny you look. I can do 
anything I want to you, and you can't even resist.". "Now I'm going to 
force you to beg for mercy" she states matter of factly as she pours on the 
pressure with her massive thighs. An evil smile spread across her face as 
she says "Beg to give my anus a tongue bath". Next she looks him in the eye, 
smiles sweetly, gives him a deep wet kiss and squeezes him unconscious.
   When he comes too , she has her big muscular butt pressed on his face 
and he is forced to constantly tongue her anus while she watches TV, does 
her nail, and talks on the phone to one of her bodybuilder boyfriends 
telling him how much she admires his he-man muscles and she hates wimps. 
Occasionally Tina flexes her rock hard butt, crushing John nose and making 
breathing impossible. "Whats the matter weakling? Do I make you feel 
inferior?" laughs the radiant goddess.

--
