

...a story of travel adventure.



     Annie and I had spent most of the night, and part of the day,
on the highway, having gone to retrieve my car in another state.
Though we'd never met, we'd spoken over the phone on a number of
occasions, and when I mentioned to her that my week-end plans were
already firmed-up, needing to take a Trailways over to get my car,
she said "listen, why don't you just pick me up, and I'll drive your
other car back for you!!"  As the plan sounded pretty `solid', there
wasn't much reason to turn her down.  Besides, it'd be "fun" talking
with a good-looking girl for several hours, as we'd be on the road
for awhile...

     So, here we were, half-way finished with the task already.  I'd
been pretty "bushed", and didn't think that I could stay awake any
longer in the heat of the day, sun glaring in my blood-shot eyes. 
Signaling her with my turn-signal to take the next exit, Annie put
hers on `too..and followed me into the tawdry little town.  The
first little "flea-bag" motel that came into view, under $20, was my
next stop.  Having found one, I went back to Annie in the other car,
and said "listen, I've got to get a few hours worth of rest, or I'll
wreck my car..."  She said "fine with me!!", and I went to the desk,
registered, got a `key', and stumbled to the room, not far from the
front desk.  I let Annie go in before me, and saw the little bed in the
"cheap" room, looked like it'd seen it's fair share of night-time fun,
bowed-in in the center.  I closed the door, locked it, and took off 
my boots...

     Annie was a "good looking" woman.  Very tall, and very much the
Scandinavian `blonde', blue-eyes and fair skin.  Even without makeup,
she looked "cute", and I thought: "this has possibilities!"  I was
very "fried", and intended to try to wash-up, before taking a nap
before continuing our drive.  She had plopped-down into the large 
and well worn chair, and said "I'm looking forward to `sleep',
`myself..."  I told her "go ahead, stretch-out, I'm going to wash
my face, get some of the dust off it "first", as the wind had blown
a considerable amount of it through the vent system in my
car, into my eyeballs...  What I saw in the half ruined mirror, was
really "sad"...my beard growth was very dense, and my eyes were
bright red in-color.  Certainly Annie couldn't possibly be attracted
to the "mess" which I was gawking-at in the bathroom mirror...

     When I came out of the bathroom, still wiping soap out of my eyes,
was definitely not what I'd been expecting.  My travel partner was
"spread-eagled" on the bed, completely "nude", and very "aroused"..
her long muscular legs opened wide, pert `pussy' slightly reddened,
probably from masturbating while I'd been trying to wash the tired
out of my brain.  Her well shaped tits, perky and firm, were tipped
with the nicest, most tasty looking nipples that I'd seen in quite some
time....  Her arms were behind her head on the pillow, and she had
the most bewitching and devilish grin on her face, as she said "care to
join me??"

     "Oh, I definitely intend to!", I exclaimed, as I proceeded to 
get out of my jeans and shirt.  I guess my rather "frank" discussions
with her, on the way to my car, about "sex", must've gotten some of the
juices flowing in Annie, as we'd "matter-of-factly" discussed what we
liked in-bed, and what different sexual stimulation "felt like" to us..
It seemed difficult to travel any distance with an attractive woman,
without touching upon the subject of "what turns us on"...Laying down
next to Annie, there wasn't much room on that tiny bed, so I began by
wrapping my arms around her, and immediately moving my face to one
of those fantastic `titties', and gently suckled it, trying not to
get the beard growth near those aureoli, which were now covered with
dense goose bumps as I slurped and lightly nibbled Annie's breasts..

     Her hands immediately went down to my cock, anxiously jacking me
off, stroking me "rock hard" as we began to passionately "kiss" on
that rickety bed.  I went down on Annie, slowly and carefully, and
soon found myself "face to cunt" with the most incredibly "cute",
pouty blonde pussy, which had the most delicate set of outer lips, and
tiniest clitoris, that I'd ever laid eyes on.  I pushed Annie's legs
open, spread her nether-lips, and was again "amazed" at how delicate
the pink cuntal tissues inside were.  They were, by this time, very
wet with clear vaginal fluid, making the inside very "shiny"
inside.  I probed my fingers into her, and as she "moaned" her 
pleasure to me, I began to massage that muscular and tiny pussy, so
small for a girl this "tall". This made her "writhe" and pull her hair
as her head moved back-and-forth on the pillow.  Stabbing my fingers
deeply into her seething hole, I had managed to make her "cum" in just
a few minutes, her `cries' reverberating through the tiny motel, no-
doubt making the other tenants wonder who was having so much fun at
that time of the afternoon...

     After she'd come down from her intense and satisfying `orgasm',
I shifted around into `69' position and rubbed my anxious dick on Annie's
large titties, leaving stringy `pre-cum' on her nipples, which she took
on her fingers, and licked from them, going "UMMMMM!!", "tastes pretty
damned good, for a tired man...."  "where'd you get such a nice, hard,
magnificently shaped cock from, you devil??"; Annie asked.  I pulled my
head up from her crotch, looked back at her and said "you like??"  As
she played with the protuberance which was inches from hey eyeballs,
she said "I'd sure LIKE this nice, juicy tool, buried up inside
my hot pussy...."  Well, who was I to argue with that logic?

     "Speaking of `hot' pussies...where'd you get such an incredibly
`cute' little cunt from, Annie?"  Then, I added: "those outer lips
are so delicate and small, and the opening is so very tight for a girl
your size..."  She said; "nobody'd ever made much "fuss" over my pussy
before...half the time I can't get anybody to kiss her when she needs
it..."  I asked "would you like me to kiss it some more...before I
put my hard cock DEEP inside it??"

     "Would you put your finger into my ass-hole, and just ever so
gently, suck my little `clittie' for me....I'll suck on this nice, big
juicy cock for you, if you'll do that...."  Not needing any further
goading, as I genuinely liked eating Annie's "cute", "pouty" cuntal
lips, and the tasty flesh inside her.  As I stabbed my tongue into her,
wrapping my arms under her ass, I got my hands on her ass-cheeks, and
slowly pushed my lubricated finger, which I'd pulled out of her lower
vagina, as far as I could get it into her.  I could feel my finger in
her ass, with my tongue, which was "buried" deep in that hot cunt of
hers...`making her "buck" rhythmically against my tongue and finger,
as I savored her juices and pink flesh, like a "last meal"...

     Her "growling", and "moaning" `orgasm' swept over Annie, and
as I hung-on for dear life, reaming the spasming pussy with my long
pointed tongue, I felt my own juices rushing up from my swollen nuts,
coursing through the shaft which was jammed tightly into Annie's hot,
"tight" throat..  I felt the jets pulse out, going straight into her
throat, making her "groan" in sexual ecstasy as I shoved my dick
even harder into her face.  I could feel her teeth on the base of
my pumping, spasming, "orgasming" cock....`thinking "how the hell do
women do this, without gagging??"

     After Annie's "intense" last `orgasm', any contact by my tongue
seemed to be "too much" for her pussy, and even though I could've
eaten her for hours still....she pushed my face away from her, letting
my leaking dick slip from her mouth..  "C'mon, put that fucking cock
into my cunt, NOW....I want to feel you INSIDE me!!"; Annie shouted.
Getting up was "tough", as my knees were still "weak" from her blow-
job she'd lovingly given me.   I stood-up, and asked "what about
birth control, sweet-heart??"  She said "I'm on the pill, even though
I haven't had a reason to be, for a long time!"  "Aw c'mon...you aren't
going to get me to buy that that nice little cunt of yours doesn't
get lots of poking and prodding, are you??", I exclaimed in "dis-
belief".  Annie said "listen, meat-head....how many guys do you know
who like women who're TALLER than they are??"  She had a point, and
I apologized saying "how about us fucking doggie style the first
time?"  She said "sure, I like it that way...it's the deepest you
can get in me...and I definitely need it DEEP, that's one thing I've
learned about my pussy..."  I asked "is seven and a half inches
going to do the trick?", rubbing my cock shaft up and down the
drooling pussy she'd presented to me, as she hurriedly moved onto
her hands and knees.  Her voice answered... "Sure will!!", grunting
as I plunged my entire length into her incredibly "tight" and well
lubricated cunt...ramming straight into her knotty cervix...

     Watching that tight little hole "swallow up" my nice, long,
thick meat-pole, was a turn-on and a half.  The bright pink cuntal
lining would hungrily cling to my withdrawing penis, as if to attempt
to keep me inside her longer..  I looked down at her ass-hole, which
would contract each wonderful stroke into Annie's "tight" pussy, and
I thought to myself, "perhaps I'll put my finger back into that hot
ass of hers", and began to wet my finger with her vaginal secretions,
which were all over my cock..  As I screwed Annie's marvelous and
splayed pussy with my aching prick, I massaged her ass cheeks, and
occasionally opened them, so I could look at the intended target for
my finger..  The puckered, pinkish-brown anal opening, was still
rhythmically "contracting" with each thrust of me into her belly,
and so I pushed my penis as deep as I could get it, and at the same
time, as Annie "moaned", probed just my index finger into the tight
hole that I'd fingered as we ate each other...  The resistance was
initially there...and as she relaxed, on the verge of another nice
`orgasm', this time from my cock inside her `tummy', we'd finally
managed to work my whole finger into her..  I could feel, through
her membranes, my thick cock, deep inside her bottom.  Touching my
own dick like this, seemed very "forbidden", this way...

     "I'm gonna CUM now, babe....", Annie whimpered as I twisted my
dick and finger in both of her hot holes.   I asked "can you try to
hold it for me...I want to cum with you!!!"  She said "it feels so
good right now......maybe if you don't move in me anymore, just stay
deep where you are for a second..."  As we tried to remain still,
the tension in Annie's cunt was so "great", that she couldn't just
stay `still' with my cock buried "deep", up to my balls, in her hot
cuntal channel.  The sensation of her `orgasm' began deep inside her, and
she screamed "Oh shit...I'm gonna CUM RIGHT NOW!!!!", as her hotness
began to rhythmically contract on me, making me just "lose it" and
piston my now "ready" and "sperm filled" cock, as I worked her ass-
cheeks, "deeper into her cunt" than I'd previously been.  The knob
of my cock-head was shoving her cervical knob "hard", pushing it
upward, towards her spine.  This had the effect of making Annie
"gyrate and squeal" as I screwed her, releasing my "thick", heavy
sperm into her tightly clasping, "orgasming" pussy....

     "AAAHHHHHHHGGGGHH!!!!!", I yelled, as my dick pulsed and flowered
deeply inside Annie's womb.  "Your cunt's like a goddamned vise", I
shouted.  "Good, I'm AAAAHHHGG glad you like it....OOOOOOHHHHHH...
OOOHHHHHHH....God, I feel your cream shooting into me!!!", Annie replied.
..."it feels so HOT, tingling inside me!!"   "I wish I could taste it, as
it squirts deep into my cunt...."

     I pulled my spent and satisfied dong from her still spasming
hole, and pushed her over, onto her back.  "How'd you like me to put
this nice hot cock back inside you?" as she opened her legs for me.
"I was hoping you didn't think you were finished with it yet, because
you've started something in my pussy, and you need to FINISH what you
start with this girl...", Annie replied.  "Did my seven and a half
inches manage to do any good for you??", I'd asked her.  "Babe, I
can STILL feel my insides THROBBING from where you put that thing....",
as she guided me back into her.  It felt so "good" being inside of
her this way, her legs wrapped around my back, as she pulled me into
her..  We kissed each-other feverishly, as our bodies rocked against
each other.  I liked the novelty of Annie's willingness to talk to
me while we made love, not just "grunt" and "moan", as some women
I'd been with.  We even broke-out in laughter as I pulled-out "too
far" and grazed her clitoris with my cock, missing the opening as
I pushed back onto her.  What a nice feeling to "laugh" again, and
not feel self-conscious about it...  What a "neat" lady!

     The sun had gone down for quite a while, when we decided to
take a shower together.  Of course, we didn't just "soap" each-other,
and as she held onto the window sill, I plowed my dick back into her
from behind, her legs spread to allow me easier access to her reddened,
raised-up pussy..  It was kinda strange seeing my sperm spattering
out onto the shower stall floor, thick and white, and running down
Annie's thighs....as she reached back to cup my balls for me...

     Too-bad we were in "two" cars the rest of the trip back.  I'd
felt sure that we'd continue our "tryst" once back home, and though
we'd just met "in-person", we certainly had "broken the ice" with the
love-making in the "dive" motel.  At one rest stop, I'd un-zipped my fly,
let Annie suck me to `orgasm' again, before continuing our drive, the
rest of the motorists obviously not seeing her body reclining back on
the bench seat, my dick buried in Annie's throat again...  I told
her after I "groaned" my cum into her, "do you think you can wait for
awhile, or should I fuck you right here??"  She suggested that I 
get into the car, and she wriggled out of her jeans, making room for
me on the front seat.  It was awkward, but I managed to get inside
her, fill her with another load of hot cream....as I held my hand
over her mouth to keep her from "screaming" her orgasm into the night
air...her hips bucking under me...`mewling noises coming from her
throat....  Just what rest-stops were made for, I think..

     There's nothing quite like "spontaneous sex", every once in awhile...

THE END!!!


