                          Tan Lines & Steamy Finds
                              by Gregory Dark

PREFACE

"Tan Lines & Steamy Finds", that's the name of my beach side boutique
and this is the story of how it was instrumental in introducing me to my
hidden sexual preferences.


CHAPTER ONE

My father wanted to give me a helping hand toward my goal of owning a
fashion design company.  Buying me a boutique at whatever location
(within reason) was certainly a generous graduation gift.  Owning and
operating a bikini and lingerie store overlooking a beautiful beach on
the Pacific had too much promise not to accept the offer.  Having just
received a degree in fashion merchandising, the decision of what to sell
was left entirely to me.  I'm sure father was pleased with my choice.

The very first day of business assured me I was heading in the right
direction.  Beautiful women walking by the store front clad in all
manner of swimsuits was reason enough, but the most important feature of
my new store which was a recommendation of the architect, made me
certain.  A wall of one way mirrors allowing store personnel to observe
customers in the dressing rooms for security reasons.  Who was I to
question her wisdom?  After all she had designed many clothing stores in
her career. Of course I didn't mention that I wasn't planning on hiring
until I was sure business would support it.

Shortly before lunch, a very pretty young lady came in from the beach
and began browsing.  The lime green and black malliot she wore made her
very short blonde hair look stunning.  She chose a couple of suits from
the petites rack and headed for the fitting rooms.  Luckily there was no
one else in the store.  I could slip into the back room behind the
counter where I could watch her change.

The first suit was a floral print twist bandeau top with a matching
thong back bikini.  She quickly stripped off the one piece she was
wearing and slipped the bikini bottoms up her gorgeous legs and over her
tight ass.  She was facing away from the mirror so I could not see her
breasts before she got the bandeau top on.  When she turned around to
look at herself in the mirror the sight of her smallish mounds
restrained by the thin cloth made me aware just how badly I wanted to
see what I had missed.  I made a mental note to move the clothing hooks
from the back of the doors to a side wall in each room.  She turned this
way and that, smoothing the suit in places, and checking the fit.  This
afforded me a great view of her firm ass as she bent at the waist to
check how much the back would creep between her cheeks.  It looked great
to me but she didn't seem pleased.  She turned back to the door where
the other suit, a very sheer royal blue malliot, hung from the poorly
placed hook.

She unclipped the top and placed it on the hook.  As I imagined what her
nipples would look like, she slid the bikini off her hips and let it
drop to the floor.  When she knelt down to pick it up her ass was so
close to the glass it seemed I could smell her skin.  She stepped into
the one piece and pulled it up her smooth body and slipped her arms
through the thin straps.  Once again she turned to check the fit and I
was thrilled to see just how sheer the material was. I could see each
little bump around her nipples, showing clearly the size of her areola.
I had imagined correctly that they were about the diameter of a quarter.
I believe she noticed as well, because she brush her fingertips across
both nipples and smiled as they became erect.  Needles to say, her
nipples weren't the only things erect.  My cock was rock hard by now,
and I began rubbing it through my shorts.

I was shocked out of my daze when she turned and walked out of the
dressing room wearing the new suit.  She was at the petites rack
browsing again when I walked out of the back room, trying to hide my
bulge.  She looked over and said "I like this one.  What do you think of
me in pink?"

"I think you could wear any color," I said.

"Thanks!"  She kept the suit and turned to the lingerie section saying,
"Oh look, you've got sexy underthings too."  She selected a camisole and
panty set and walked toward the counter.  I think she caught a glimpse
of the bulge in my shorts as she set the pink malliot and the lingerie
down by the register, but said only, "I'll get both the blue and the
pink ones."

As soon as the door shut I sprinted into the back to resume my post.  To
my delight, she was facing the mirror and pulling the straps of the suit
off her shoulders.  My erection which had faded from the scare at the
counter raged into being as she pulled the suit down past her breasts,
exposing her hardening nipples to my gaze.  She cupped her breasts in her
hands and rubbed lightly in a big circle to relieve the feeling of
constraint left by the swimsuit.  She changed the motion of her hands so
that her flattened palms were caressing her nipples in small circles.
She closed her eyes and pinched her nipples between thumb and middle
finger.  She pulled her breast out from her chest by her swollen
nipples.  She breathed out a low throaty moan as she shook her tits from
side to side while pulling harder on her nipples.

Her eyes opened and looked directly into where my eyes would be if not
for the mirror.  She kept her gaze fixed as she slowly lowered the suit
the remaining distance past her hips.  I don't recall the suit ever
hitting the floor because my eyes were fixed on the little blonde mohawk
bush between her legs.

Her eyes closed again and her head tilted back slightly as one hand
returned to her breast and a finger on the other hand slid into the
folds of her pussy.  Pushing her finger in and out of her wet cunt and
fiercely twisting her nipple, she began to tremble from head to toe.
Releasing the tormented nipple she reached down to spread her lips apart
with one hand and jerked the other hand side to side with direct
pressure on her clit.  The orgasm that resulted caused her knees to
buckle and she almost fell.  Still quivering, she put her old suit on
and paused a minute to regain her composure before exiting the fitting
room.

This time I was waiting for her behind the counter as she emerged.  She
set the blue malliot down with the rest of the things she wanted and
said, "You've got a lot of nice things here."

"Thanks, I hope others notice so business will pick up," I said while
ringing up the purchase.

"I'm sure it will."

"That comes to $131.25."

She paid for the items and I followed her to the door to lock up after
her.  I definitely needed a lunch break!

                             --------------------

There's plenty more of this story to come if people are interested.  If
you would like to share your comments about my stories, I can be reached
on Nix Pix BBS - (303)920-1263.
