Today in the shower I got to watch a very handsome man.  I
live in the dorm, and our showers are separated by curtains.
Well, today the curtain was not pushed up all the way to the
wall, and there was someone showering next to me, so I inched
up and peeked around, and there he was standing there, facing
away from me.  The water hit him at the junction of his shoulders
and neck.  From there, it ran softly down his back, over his
rounded ass cheeks, and then down his legs.  I got into the
shower just after he did, so he was just getting wet when I
got in.

He was an asian man, and very tall--maybe 6'4".  I'm 6'2" and he
was taller than me.  Anyway, he was almost completely hairless
on his legs and ass.  I didn't see much of the front of him while
he was showering because he faced away from the shower head when
he soaped himself up and turned halfway the other way to rinse off.
Anyway, he took the soap and vigourously ran it all over his
body.  It was so beautiful to see him rub it on his skin, and
lather up.  Then, the white would rinse down his skin, and the
contrast between the golden brown and the white was just beautiful.

It was especially enjoyable to watch him soap up his ass.  He just
stuck the bar inbetween his cheeks as he parted them and rubbed.  As he
squated down and began to rub with his fingers to get the soap in, I 
could see his balls hanging down between his legs.  It was really
hot.  His balls were just slightly hairy, and his ass crack was
not at all.  Then, he held his cheeks apart, and let the water run
into his crack and wash the soap away.

He stood under the water for a very long time.  The water ran down his
back and his ass.  It was calming and relaxing.  Finally, he turned
the water off and began to dry off.  When he dried his hair he finally
turned toward me and I got to scope out his dick.  He had a very thick
but small patch of pubic hair above a 2" or so uncut dick.  It was
all in all very nice as it sat on his balls.  His balls hung down
further than his dick.  He rubbed his equiptment gently with the
towel to dry it.  Then he left and I had to get back to my own shower.

The most beautiful thing about the whole experience was that he had
no idea I was watching.  It was just a wonderful thing to watch him
doing such an intimate thing and touching himself in such personal
places and doing things no one else saw him doing.  I'm sure this
experience will fuel my fantasies for a long time to come.

I just wanted to share this with you.  Have you had any similar
experiences you'd care to share?

	Corey
