		Girls Together

Jennifer was rather nervous as she approached the large house which
was set well back from the road. It was the right address, she'd checked it
several times while searching for it in the rather palatial suburb as she
drove around looking for the home of her Mistress. She pulled her car
into the long gravel driveway and drove through the large metal gates which
were mounted in the ten foot high wall. As she drove up the driveway she
passed a large garden with various small buildings set amongst tasteful 
trees and shrubs. 

She parked her car in front of the house and approached the front
door. As she knocked the door was opened by a young woman dressed in a rather
revealing leather outfit. It was a tight catsuit made of thin leather which
hugged every curve of her firm small body. She also wore high-heeled leather
boots which made her taller than she was. She look Jennifer up and down in
an appraising manner. Jennifer reacted by going red and becoming embarrassed.

The Mistress saw a smallish woman with large breasts, short blonde 
hair, fair skin and freckles. She was soft spoken and obviously very nervous.
"So you have finally arrived slave!" Declared the young woman. As
soon as she said it Jennifer felt a thrill run through her body. This was 
the woman she had corresponded with so much. This was the woman who she knew
was the Mistress of her body. This was the woman who had so intrigued her
and fired her imagination. She curtesied and bowed her head and said in
reply, "Yes Mistress, I am sorry if I am late I had some trouble finding
your beautiful house."

Mistress S was obviously not interested in her excuses and simply
order her into the house. She conducted Jennifer through a large hall and
down a corridor. Jennifer was curious as to what sort of house her Mistress
lived in and only managed to catch a glimpse of beautiful furniture and 
paintings of various scenes on the walls. As her Mistress walked rather
fast she had to hurry to keep up. The Mistress opened a door and motioned
her into the room. It was bare except for a stool and a cupboard. The 
Mistress simply looked at her and said, "Now that you are here slut you
will remove all your clothing. In the cupboard you will find your uniform.
Put it on and then immediately report to me in the Drawing Room, is that
understood?"

Jennifer quickly covered her worries with a nervous, "Yes". To
which her Mistress replied with a threatening tone in her voice, "Yes, what
Slave?" " `Yes, Mistress,' Mistress!" Answered Jennifer quickly. Her
Mistress swept from the room and proceeded back down the hall.

Jennifer quickly disrobed and opened the cupboard. Inside was a French
Maid's uniform. It was rather small and revealing. She first pulled the 
sheer nylons on over her legs and attached them to her suspender belt. Then
she realized there were no knickers provided and her own would show under
the uniform. So she went with out. She felt a small shiver of excitement as 
she then slipped the skimpy little uniform on. She straighted the seams
at the back of her legs and then noticed the shoes in the bottom of the 
cupboard. They were very high, 4 inch stillottos. She placed them on her feet
and did up the ankle straps. She stood, a little uncomfortable perched on 
high, looking down. There was a mirror on the inside of one of the doors of
the cupboard and she examined herself in it she placed the small cap on her
head and pinned it to her hair with the pins provided. She looked rather
sexy and felt her juices starting to flow. Her large breasts were barely 
covered by the small strapless dress which was heavily boned and supported
them well. The skirt of the dress was short and and barely covered her rump.
It was obvious that she was wearing stockings as the tops were clearly visible
under the hem of the skirt.

She hung all her clothes up and then walked to the door. She quickly
got the hang of walking in the shoes and proceed down the hall in the direction
than she had seen her Mistress proceed figuring that would be where she would
find the Drawing Room. She came to large set of double doors, one of which
was open. She peeked inside and saw her Mistress sitting in a large leather
armchair reading a large book. She discreetly knocked and entered. Her
Mistress looked up. She then said, "Come here wench. I wish to look at you.
Thats right stand there. Now turn around, lets look you over properly."

As she turned she could feel the coolly appraising eyes of her Mistress
on her body. She felt herself flushing and becoming rather wet between her
thighs. Her Mistress then instructed her to, "Your first duty for the time
being, is when the door rings again in a moment, you are to answer it and
instruct the woman you will find waiting there that she is follow you. You
are to then conduct her back to the hallway your room is in and then take 
her into the room next yours. It has the letter `K' on it and you are to
then instruct her that she is to disrobe and put on the clothes she will find
in the cupboard. You are to then instruct her that she is come to the
Drawing Room and meet the Mistress. You will then leave her and return here
to await further instructions. Is that understood slut?" "Yes, Mistress!"
Replied Jennifer quickly.

Just as she was about to make another remark the doorbell rang and
she was forced to leave to carry out her instructions. She hurried as fast
as she could to the front door on her high stilloto shoes. When she reached
it she opened it and there stood another woman. She was about 25 years old,
5'9" tall with tan skin shoulder length brown wavy hair. She appeared to
be a mixture of Irish, Italian, french, and American black. On her nose
were a pair gold rimmed glasses behind which were a pair of brown eyes. 
She appeared to weigh about 120 lbs.

She looked surprised to have the door opened by a women dressed in
a French Maid's uniform which in the best tradition of such things left 
little, if anything to the imagination. The woman introduced herself as 
"Karen" and asked if the Mistress was in. Jennifer repeated her little 
prepared speech and conducted Karen into the house. She took her through
the hall and down the long corridor. Now that she had time to look she
noticed there were several doors, all marked with different letters of the
alphabet and numbers as well. She found the one marked "K" next hers which
she now noticed a large "J" on the door. She opened the door and found
that it was exactly the same as the room she had been in before: empty
except for a cupboard and stool.

She motioned Karen in and again repeated the Mistress's instructions
to the hapless woman who was not sure what was going on. Jennifer closed
the door and then motioned for her to remove her cloths. A little embarrassed
Karen did so and then opened the cupboard. Inside was was a leather bodice,
tall, high-heeled boots, stockings, a collar and wristlets.

Jennifer got a little thrill out of being such a position of power
over another woman. She noticed that Karen had, like her, no hair on her
pussy. It had large labia which were open and starting to leak, liker her
own, a little of the woman's juices onto the inside of her thighs. She
caught more glimpses of it as Karen donned her new clothes. She first stepped
in the leather bodice and pulled it up over her body. As she did so she
noticed that the crutch band was actually a leather strap about 2 inches wide.
What was unusual was that it was like a belt and a buckle attached to it
at the rear of the bodice so it could be tightened. It also most unusually had
a slot cut into part of its length from the front to about half way along its
rear. She pulled it up between her legs, feeling it contact her already
excited pussy, rubbing the lips with the rough side of the leather, parting
her buttocks and touching her asshole. It made her go momentarily weak at
the knees to feel such a thing.

She quickly recovered when she realized that she was being watched
closely by the woman dressed as a French Maid. She then pulled on the 
stockings over her long legs and attached them to the straps hanging down from
the leather bodice's lower edge. She then pulled on the long, high-heeled 
leather boots which stretched up to her upper thighs. As she did so she 
noticed that at the ankles were small metal "D" rings on short straps. She
then fastened the leather wristlets onto her wrists and noticed that they too
had "D" rings on their outer sides. Finally she fastened on the wide leather
collar. It was about 3 inches high and when fastened she found that it was
difficult to bend her neck so she was forced to hold her head high. The 
collar had several "D" rings around its circumference which hung down on 
short straps.

The woman dressed as a French Maid had remained silent through out
this period and then when she had finished motioned her to follow her through
the door again. As they walked down the hall, Karen noticed the luxious
nature of the furnishing, the paintings on the walls and the expensive 
carpeting throughout the hall way. Finally they came to a set of large
double doors. The maid knocked quietly and then opened them, motioning her
to go inside. She entered into a large room which had chairs and lounges
scattered around. On one was seated a young woman. She had on a tight leather
catsuit and boots. The catsuit was made of thin leather which tightly
hugged every curve and line of her body. Karen felt a surge in her sex
when she saw how beautiful this young woman was.

The Mistress looked up at their entry. She signaled them both
to approach her. She then instructed Jennifer to go and stand by the door.
"So you have finally arrived worm, have you?" Karen said, "Yes, Mistress
and I am so glad to finally meet you!" "Quiet!" Snapped the Mistress, "You
will only speak when I command it, is that understood?" "Yes, Mistress."
Replied Karen a little crestfallen that she was to be treated so by the woman
she loved so much.

"Now then slut you have been a willful and disobedient slave lately.
You have disobeyed the commands and instructions I gave you, haven't you?"

Karen looked a little sheepish and remembered she had indeed. Worried
about what might be in store for her she replied, "Y-Yes, Mistress. I'm
so sorry. I thought I had been forgiven when I received your invitation."

The Mistress simply glared at her and said in a menacing voice, "I 
_never_ forget that I have been wronged by one of my slaves. Not until I have
metered out a punishment which satisfies me. Is that understood filth?"

Karen, distinctly feeling a little worried replied, "I-I'm so sorry
Mistress, I promise I will be good in future!"

"Do not fear wench, I will make sure you will be good in future."
Returned the Mistress. She then said, "Now whore, go and stand over there
in the corner and face away from the room. On the floor are two foot shaped
marks. You are to place your feet on them and stand with your legs apart.
You will find there a tall conical Dunce's Cap. Place it on your sorry 
excuse for a head. I am going to think a while to determine a good 
punishment for you."

Karen moved as she was instructed. She found the place in the corner.
There were feet shaped marks on the floor. She placed her feet on them and
found her legs in the long boots forced wide apart. She placed the Dunce's
Cap on her head. She could hear things going on behind her. She heard
her Mistress say, "Jennifer go over to her. I want you to tighten her crutch
strap at least two holes, is that understood?"

She heard the woman in the Maid's uniform (her name must be 
Jennifer!) reply, "Yes Mistress." and approach her across the room. She then
felt her hands at the small of her back, undoing the buckle there and 
pulling the strap running between her legs much tighter. It felt 
uncomfortable, but not too tight. She could feel her large pussy lips being
crushed though against her crutch. Jennifer stayed standing by her, obviously
awaiting more instructions.

As she stood there she could feel herself becoming more excited as 
she felt the strap constricting her labia. It seemed to be making her labia
become more engorged with blood. She could also feel more clearly her
anus being rubbed by the rough leather. As her labia swelled they had no
where to expand except into the slot cut into the leather strap. As they 
became more constricted she became more and more excited and her pussy began
to leak more juice. This in turn made the leather slippery and slowly, so
slowly it seemed her cunt lips flowed into the slot in the leather, to be
constricted even further.

Karen then then heard her Mistress say, "Jennifer come here and take
this. I want you to insert it into her anus." As moved her head to see
what was being handed to Jennifer she heard, "I didn't tell you to look around,
now did I slut?!? If you know whats good for you, you will remain looking
at the wall! Now do it and if I see you head moving again I will make your
punishment much, much worse than it is going to be!" Karen's head snapped
almost audibly to the front.

She heard Jennifer approach her again and this time bend over behind
her. She felt her hands on her exposed buttocks, parting the cheeks. She
then felt something rubbing against her anus. She then realized that the 
slot in the strap now extended to her anus since it had been tightened. She
felt something thin slowly invader her tight little asshole. It was much
thinner than a finger and smooth. It slid easily into her rear entrance.

She then heard her Mistress say, "Now Jennifer, attach it to the 
buckle at the back and flick the switch will you?" "Yes Mistress," said
Jennifer who seemed to be enjoying her work at this stage. Karen felt some
more fumbling at the back of her Bodice and then she jumped as she felt a
small electric shock in her anus! It happened again! Her Mistress raised
her voice slightly, "Stay still! I've told you once, I won't tell you again!"

Karen forced herself to remain still. She then heard her Mistress
instruct Jennifer, "Now Jennifer, do up the lacing at the back of her bodice
a little tighter will you?" "Yes Mistress," came the prompt reply. Karen
felt Jennifers eager hands grasping the lacing and pulling it tighter and
tighter. It was starting to constrict her breathing a little and still she
pulled it tighter. Fearful of what might happen if she protested Karen bore
it in silence. Finally she was forced to stand upright, barely able to breath,
the small shocks still occurring at random, infrequent intervals in her anus.

She then heard the Mistress stirring, getting up from her seat. "Come
with me Jennifer. I think we will leave her to stew for a while." She
heard them walking across the room and a door open. Her Mistress then called
from the doorway, "Don't what ever you do slut move from that position. 
I have a TV camera watching your every move and I will know if you move 
against my instructions."

Karen wasn't too surprised by such a statement. Obviously her Mistress
liked to be in total control of the situation and she had to admit that she
was. Karen had never felt quite so helpless before. Her pussy was starting
to get quite hot as she stood there with its lips being squeezed by the crotch
strap of her Bodice. Everytime the little thing in her back passage gave
her an electric shock she had to stop herself from starting. Even so the 
small tingles in her asshole were starting to make her excited. The tightness
of the Bodice was making it difficult to take the deep breaths her excitement
was demanding of her. It was all adding together to make her more and more
horny. At the same time she was worried about what was going to be her fate.

She realized she could hear conversation coming from the other room.
Her Mistress had not shut the door! She heard her Mistress saying to Jennifer
her other slave, "So now Jennifer I have a small treat for you. Why don't
you come and sit beside me? Here, hand me that TV remote control. I have
a special movie I want you to watch. I made it myself, I star in it with
another of my slaves. I think you will enjoy it." "Yes Mistress" faintly
reached her ears from the other room before the sound of music drowned it.

Karen could hear the sound of her Mistress's voice. However it
was obviously coming from a television. She couldn't make the words but the
sounds mainly seem to consist of her Mistress being cross with someone and
then the sound of someone being struck with something. It sounded like someone
was being spanked, hard. She could hear squeals of pain and then later moans
of delight. Finally the sounds seemed to climax with a real scream of pleasure
after a series of moans. She wondered if that was to be her fate, her 
punishment? The sounds were getting her even more excited as her mind dwelt 
on them. That plus the crutch strap squeezing her pussy and the small 
electric shocks in her anus were making her very, very horny and very wet.

In the other room Jennifer was surprised when her Mistress instructed
her to sit beside her on the couch to watch the movie. She was fascinated
with what had happened in the room. She had never understood the power of
being dominated in that manner before. As she watched the story unfold
she found herself becoming wetter and wetter. Her Mistress pulled her close
and cuddled her. She started to rub her breasts through the top of her Maid's
uniform and ran her hands up and down her silken stockinged legs. She found
herself becoming more excited as she watched her Mistress on the screen
starting to tie a masked, naked man down on a bench. She fastened his arms
behind him and then tied him by a rope around his neck to the bench. She
then also tied a silky rope around his dick and balls and then attached that
to the bench. She then proceeded to whip him gently with a small whip. She
saw the color rise on his buttocks as the Mistress started to lay into
him calling him alls sorts of derogatory names. The male slave called out
once and the Mistress laid into him much harder threatening he would receive
much worse if he called out again. So he didn't. All that escaped
his mouth were small grunts at each stroke.

Jennifer could see his cock growing on the screen. She could see it
getting much bigger and harder than it had been. The camera moved in for
a close up and she could see every detail of his cock and balls. They filled
the screen and she found she was wishing she could play with them, touch
them, feel them in her hands. Her Mistress's hand were still roaming all
over her body, tantalizing, exciting, making her hornier, and hornier.

She watched her Mistress stop whipping the slave on the video. She 
turned around and walked to a table and took something up off it. It was a 
large strap-on Dildo. It looked mean and fearsome. Jennifer suddenly worried 
about what she was going to do it. Her Mistress rubbed some lubricant on 
it and walked back to the slave which was tied down. She started to rub 
the tip of the Dildo into his asshole. Suddenly she speared forward, 
forcing its full length into him. He screamed more it seemed in surprise 
than pain as he felt it split him open. She heard her Mistress saying on
the screen, "This will teach you how to fuck someone up the ass properly
you stupid slave! Take it all and remember the next time I get you to
fuck me, do it properly." She was really laying into the slave, ramming the
dildo in and out of his asshole. Jennifer was surprised to hear moans
and groans of pleasure starting to come from the helpless slave as he was
being fucked. Suddenly her Mistress stopped fucking him and pulled the
dildo out of his ass saying, "Ah! My little ass fucker, no we don't want
you to come just yet. You have to do me first and I expect you to do it 
properly this time. Remember I must come before you do. You are here
for my pleasure."

Jennifer watch fascinated as her Mistress untied the slave and led
him to a couch on the screen. She saw her Mistress push him down on the couch.
His cock had grown huge, she could even see on the screen a large drop of
pre-cum dripping down it from the top. Her Mistress simply pulled the dildo
off and dropped in onto the floor by her feet saying, "You'll clean that later
with your tongue bastard and enjoy it." "Yes Mistress" drifted from the 
screen.

Her Mistress was now running her hands up and down Jennifer's legs
as she sat there watching the screen totally absorbed. She felt her hands
running right up to the top of her legs, tantalizingly close to her cunt,
but never quite reaching it. She wanted so much to come but her Mistress
was keeping her on the edge as she watched the movie. She saw her Mistress
sit on the lap of the male slave on the screen. She saw her place her
knees each side of his waist on the couch and she leaned over him. She also
saw her take his cock in her hand and lower herself onto it from above.
Her Mistress let a loud groan escape her lips as she proceed to thrust herself
down on his huge cock. She fucked herself up and down, faster and faster,
using him for her pleasure. It was obvious that she was indifferent to her
slave and was simply using him as a fucking tool to gain an orgasm from.
She made him play with her breasts and suck her nipples. However it was all
towards one end: her orgasm. He didn't matter in the least.

Suddenly her Mistress reared up and a small scream escaped her lips.
She collapsed on his chest for a second as she obviously felt the waves of
an orgasm wash over her. After a few second she pulled his still very big
and very hard cock from her cunt. It was slippery and wet with her come 
juices which had leaked down around his balls. She hissed at him, "Now
bastard I want you to fuck me in the ass. And this time do it fucking 
properly or I will punish you even more severely!"

The repositioned themselves. She knelt on all fours and thrust her
bum up at him. He parted her ass cheeks and positioned his very slippery,
large cock at the entrance to her ass. The camera moved in closer. At
the same time the screen split into too. One view was of her backside,
the cock poised to enter and the other of her face on which there was a look
of joyous anticipation. As the cock entered, her facial expressions changed
rapidly from first, a small look of pain to one of total sexual joy as she
obviously felt it enter into her back passage. He proceeded to lay into
her with his big cock, fucking her harder and harder. He thrust deep into
her ass and her face showed she was enjoying it. At the same time it
was obvious that she was playing with her clitoris and rubbing it. Suddenly
she started to thrash and jerk. Screams began to escape her lips. It
was obvious she was having a gigantic anal orgasm. Coming so powerfully that
she nearly fainted. She heaved and pushed, seemingly wanting to throw his
cock out of her ass as at the same time she wanted more of it, deeper inside
her.

After a few minutes she calmed down and told him "Enough! Now for
the piece de'resistance! Give me your cock worm. Give me your come." She
pushed him out of her asshole and turned around. She then made him masturbate
himself until his come shot in a gleaming arc out of his cock onto her face
and breasts. Her Mistress had a look of sheer joy as she felt the cum explode
onto herself.

At that moment she heard a loud insistant bell ringing. She suddenly
realized in her own sexual excitement that the front doorbell was ringing. 
Her Mistress pulled away from her. Jennifer was disappointed. She had so much 
wanted to come! Her Mistress the ordered her, "Go and answer. Take the woman 
at the door to the room marked with a "D" on the door. Order her to disrobe 
and tell her to dress in the clothes provided. Then bring her here, to me. 
Is that understood wench?" "Y-Y-Yes Mistress." Answered Jennifer anxiously.
She just so wanted to come! Her Mistress then said, "Hurry it up slut. And
don't play with yourself you hear? Your time will come later, is that 
understood?" "Yes Mistress," answered Jennifer dutifully if a little 
disappointedly.

She hurried from the room. As she passed through the Drawing Room
she could see the slave Karen. She seemed to be trying hard not to move,
but finding it difficult as it was obvious that she was also very excited
and horny. The smell of hot cunt seemed to hang in the room.

As she walked quickly down the hall she could feel her own juices
on her thighs. Her cunt was flowing freely. She caught a glimpse of 
herself in one of the many mirrors and stopped to try and straighten herself
up a little. She opened the door. Outside on the step was standing another
woman. She was about 5'8" tall and weighed about 100 pounds. She was about
35 years old and had dark blond hair, blue eyes, small breasts smallish hips, 
and rather longish legs. She had an oval face with a vaguely yellow-peach 
complexion.

Diane was rather surprised as the door opened to be confronted by
a woman in a French Maid's Uniform. She introduced herself as "Hi! I'm
Diane. Is the Mistress of the house at home?" Jennifer simply said, getting
now into the act a little more, "The Mistress is home. You are instructed
to follow me." She ushered Diane into the house and conducted her down
the hallway to the room reserved for her.

As Diane followed the maid she became aware of the smell of a ripe,
juicy, hot cunt in front of her. As the maid walked it was obvious she
was in a state of advanced excitement. Diane caught glimpses of her inner
thighs, coated with her pussy juices. This started to make Diane excited as
well as she became picked up on the pheronemes in the air around her. She
was taken down a long hallway which numerous doors along it. Finally they
arrived at one with a large "D" on the door.

Jennifer opened the door. Again it was an identical room to the
previous two. It contained nothing except a cupboard and a stool. Jennifer
motioned Diane in and ordered her to, "Strip and put on the clothes in
the cupboard, you will then be taken to meet the Mistress." Diane was
intrigued so decided to go along with it. She removed her clothing revealing
to Jennifer her shaved pussy which was already starting to flush slightly and
pout with Diane's excitement. Jennifer also caught sight of her dark tan 
areolas and longish tubular shaped nipples. She found herself wishing she
was able to lick and suck on them and make them beautifully large and hard.

Diane opened the cupboard and discovered in it a collar, a leather
mini-skirt, stockings, high-heeled ankle boots, a suspender belt and a small
silk camisole and no knickers. She put them and then examined herself
in the mirror on the inside of the door of the cupboard. She felt her nipples
going hard as the fine, smooth silk rubbed against them. She could feel
her pussy becoming wetter and more excited. She looked around and saw an
obvious look of lust on the face of the maid looking at her.

Jennifer wanted this woman and wanted her now. However she knew as
well that her Mistress would want her to wait. She motioned for Diane to
follow her again and left the room. She conducted Diane to the Drawing Room
and there was the Mistress. However she had changed out of her leather
catsuit. Instead she was now wearing a silk Teddy which clung tightly to
her body and allowed interesting glimpses of things which are not normally
seen in public. Karen was still standing in the corner, however it was
obvious to Jennifer that she was finding it like her a little hard going.
The room simply reeked of her sexual excitement and it was obvious that
Diane could smell it as well.

"So my favorite slave has finally arrived. I am so glad that you
were able to join us. Are you happy to be here?" Asked the Mistress with
a smile on her lips. Diane walked towards her and stopped a few paces from
her. She said, "Yes my Mistress I am glad to finally have the chance to
serve you."

The Mistress simply smiled in reply and then patted the seat on the
couch beside her, "Come and sit by me my little slut. I have waited for
quite a while to see you in the flesh." Diane took the offered position.
Her Mistress motioned for Jennifer to stand by the door and wait orders.

"I have two other slaves in attendance today." She said as she 
motioned towards Karen and Jennifer. "I have decided to have all my sluts
meet one another. I want you to compete for my affections."

Diane looked at Karen and asked, "What has that slave done that she
is being so badly punished for it?" Her Mistress simply smiled and then
said, "Punishment? That is not punishment. That is simply an entree as
compared to the Punishment she is about to receive. She has disobeyed me
and will receive her just desserts." Jennifer felt a small shudder of
delight course through her body as she heard those words. She wondered again
what sort of punishment lay in store for the bad slave.

Diane looked again at Karen in the corner, trying hard not to 
wriggle as the crutch strap compressed her pussy and the small exciter in her
bottom gave her another shock. She then turned to her Mistress and asked,
"Have you decided on her punishment yet Mistress? I would so like to be able
to help in it."

Her Mistress just smiled even more and motioned for Jennifer to
approach her. "Over there on the sideboard you will find a cloth. Blindfold
her." Jennifer obeyed.

Karen who had found herself so close to the edge of an orgasm for so
long was finding it hard to stand for much longer. Her pussy was absolutely
aching for release, but she could not gain it. She was forbidden to touch
herself and she felt her level of excitement climbing and climbing. It was
almost a relief when Jennifer fastened the blindfold on. She knew that her
waiting was finally over. She was to punished and she knew now that some
form of relief from the tension racking her body was the thing she wanted 
most in the world. 

The Mistress then said to Jennifer, "Lead her and follow me." She
took Diane's hand and lead her from the room. They went out into the main 
hall and then to a door under the stairs. It opened on another set of
stairs leading down. The Mistress lead them all downwards. As she walked
down the stairs, she said with a smile on her face, "I know its a bit old 
fashioned to have a dungeon in the basement but well, I'm just an old 
fashioned sort of Mistress. Its also so convenient. It allows me to 
combine two of my greatest pleasures. The storage of fine wines and the
punishment of bad slaves."

She led them deep under the house, down rather clean stone corridors
which rather believed the statement that this was the traditional sort of
dungean. I mean there wasn't even a rat, a cockroach or a spider's web to be 
seen anywhere!

After passing several galleries full of wine bottles and casks they
came to a large iron studded wooden door. She opened it and motioned them
all to enter. Inside was indeed a traditional style of dungeon. However it
had a few extras such as subtle indirect lighting and some nice rugs thrown
around the floor to remove the chill from the room. However what wasn't 
missing were a few racks, braziers, an Iron-Maiden and a few other of the
assorted traditional things found only in the best equipped dungeons.

She walked over to large padded throne which was on a small riser
at one end of the room. As she sat down she motioned for Diane to come and
stand beside her and for Jennifer to lead Karen to the center of the room.

She then said, "Remove the blindfold Jennifer and let the little
worm see what her fate is going to be." Jennifer obeyed with speed. Karen
had almost managed to come whilst walking but had failed when Jennifer had
dragged her along. When she saw the dungeon she saw that she had made a
mistake to ever disobey her Mistress. She knew now that she meant business
and was intending to really punish her. She fell to her knees and begged
forgiveness. Her Mistress simply smiled. "So now you wished to be forgiven?
I told you it was too late for that, upstairs." She said.

"Tie her to the whipping bench over there you two. Jennifer grabbed
one of Karen's arms and Diane the other. Karen was in tears by now and
was pleading to be let go. At the same time though she felt a thrill going
through her body at being tied down on a padded whipping bench which left her
backside exposed to the air. It also forced her excited cunt to rub against
the crutch strap. Her Mistress then said to Diane, "Over there on that wall
you will find various tools. Make your choice. I want you to spank her."

Diane walked over to the wall. There was assorted bondage and
discipline paraphanelia. It had paddles and whips. She selected one of
the smaller leather paddles and whacked it against her hand. It was exactly
what she wanted. So she then turned back to the helpless Karen who was 
sobbing on top of the bench. She looked to her Mistress who simply smiled
and made a slight motion with her hand.

She raised her hand and then let her arm fall with all her might 
against Karens bare bottom. "SMACK!" resounded in the air. Karen squealed.
Their Mistress simply said, "Shut up slut. If I hear another sound out of
you, I will make it twice as bad." "Again!" She called to Diane who let
fly with another, and then another and then another hit against the woman's
buttocks. Karen squirmed and tried to escape the rain of blows directed 
against her bum by the other woman.

Jennifer watched in silence as she observed Diane starting to obviously
enjoy her work. She also felt herself growing hornier and hornier as she
imaged what it would be like to either be the one being smacked or the
one inflicting the pain. Suddenly she realized she was about to find out
when her Mistress said to Diane, "Stop. Hand the paddle to Jennifer here.
Let her have some fun as well." 

Diane forced herself to stop. She had nearly lost control of
herself enjoying the feel of inflicting pain on another person. She handed
the paddle to Jennifer. "Come here my little lovely. I have another task
for you." Ordered her Mistress.

Jennifer found herself holding the paddle, looking down at Karen's
already red and glowing backside. She raised her hand and let it fall. She
then heard her Mistress say, "If it is not done harder than that slut, I will
let the worm on the bench up and I am sure she can show you how to do it
properly." So Jennifer chastised by her Mistress's rebuke and fearful of
suffering the same fate let fall a much harder strike. Then another, and 
another. Each in turn was easier to deliver as she put more effort into it.
She found herself becoming more and more excited with each fall of the paddle.
She glance up and saw Diane on her hands and knees in front of their Mistress
licking her pussy. She saw her Mistress's hands grasping Diane's head and
forcing it into her pussy. She was obviously enjoying the feel of Diane's
tongue on her cunt and clitoris.

Her Mistress noticing that she had stopped ordered her to continue.
Karen was by now squirming. The initial sting of the spanking at faded and
had been replaced by a feeling of warmth. Her cunt still ached for release
but she found she was now able to squirm sufficiently to rub it against the
padding on the bench. Her asshole ached now with feelings of needing to be
filled after having been so excited by the small electric shocks in it. She
needed more though to get herself off. She needed a lot more, but she couldn't
get it.

Suddenly the Mistress ordered Jennifer to stop. "Go to the wall my
lovely and find something there that might interest you," she said motioning
to a different wall than the one the paddle had come from. Jennifer walked
over, a little dazed and surprised at the feelings and emotions which were
running through her body. She found a wall covered in dildos and vibrators.
She looked it over until her eye alighted on a large black double strap on
one. She took it down and looked to her Mistress for approval.

"Excellent choice my dear! I could not have chosen better myself.
Now come here and fuck this slut at my feet." Jennifer strapped on the dildo
as she saw her Mistress entwining her hands harder into Diane's hair to
prevent her from protesting or escaping her fate. As Jennifer strapped the
dildo on she was reminded of strapping on a gun or some form of weapon. This
dildo had heavy leather straps with large buckles. It pushed out from her
waist after she had inserted her end into herself. It filled her to capacity
and she could well imagine what it would be liked to be fucked with such
a rubber cock.

It poked out from under her short skirt and looked her in the eye.
She walked over to Diane and knelt behind her. "Fuck her well slut. I want
to fell her tongue being pushed an extra couple of inchs up my twat." 
suggested her Mistress. Diane felt the head of the cock against the lips of
her pussy. She squirmed around a little. Jennifer covered the head of the
cock in Diane's pussy juices. She then thrust forward hard into Diane's
tight cunt. She more felt than heard the moan of delight that escaped from
Diane's body as she felt herself being split open by the big rubber dildo.
It slid easily into her cunt.

Karen in the meantime had once more been left in suspense. She wanted
to be fucked. She wanted relief. She wanted an orgasm. It was being denied
to her. Her backside had settled down into a warm inner glow from the 
paddling. It simply increased her need to come. The sounds of the threesome
nearby were increasing. She could hear several people fucking each other. She
could hear the sounds of pussies being licked and sucked and fucked. She
wanted that, why couldn't she have that she wondered. She realized that this
was a far worse punishment than anything physical which could be done to her.
She knew she would never disobey her Mistress ever again. She knew she could
not take any more of this sort of punishment.

Diane was enjoying herself. Her Mistress had ordered her over to
her after she had handed the paddle to Jennifer. Her Mistress had simply
motioned her down onto her knees and grabbed her hair and pulled her face
towards her crutch. "You know what I want don't you slut? Well you know
where to find it. Use your teeth to undo my teddy." Diane dove between
the outstretched legs of her Mistress. She found the crutch strap of
the silk Teddy. It was soaked with her juices. It smelt like hot buttered
sex down there. Diane realized she was in seventh heaven. She wanted to
lick her Mistress. She reached forward with her teeth and found the snaps
of the crutch band. She pulled and they parted revealing a beautiful small
cunt which had no hair on it. Her Mistress moved her bum forward on the
throne and exposed more of it to her view. Her tongue reached out and 
licked the juices which were bubbling from her Mistress's juicy, hot pussy.

As she did so she heard a small moan escape from her Mistress. Hands
found her head and pulled her tighter into her crutch. "Lick me, suck me,
make me come you slut!" Escaped from the lips of her Mistress as she pushed
her tongue deep inside. She found her clitoris and started to flick her
tongue across it. Suddenly she heard her Mistress ordering the other slave
to fuck her. The hands in her hair prevented her from pulling aware or
protesting so she simply contented herself with increasing efforts with
her tongue and fingers on her Mistress's cunt and ass.

One long finger found her Mistress's cunt hole and covered itself
in the lubricant which was flowing freely from inside. She then eased it
around to the other hole and started to work it in. She heard moans and 
groans escaping from her Mistress so she knew she was doing well. Suddenly
she felt something touching her cunt. It was the dildo being used by
Jennifer. She was a little frightened but forced herself to relax. She
felt Jennifer working it around her cunt lips, rubbing it up and down. She
nearly fainted from the pleasure! The feelings redoubled as it entered into
her tight cunt. She felt herself being split open, felt her cunt being forced
to stretch wide by the big, black rubber dick as it forced its way inside.
She started to redouble her efforts in making her Mistress happy.

It appeared from the sound eminating from her Mistress that she was
succeeding. Suddenly her Mistress pulled her head hard against her cunt and
a flood of more juices squirted out covering her face. At the same moment 
she felt herself coming as well. She felt her body explode in delight as she
realized that she had made her Mistress come! She felt her cunt clutching
hard against the big dildo in her cunt.

Jennifer was fucking and bucking hard into Diane's cunt when she 
suddenly felt Diane jerk and thrash. She looked up at her Mistress and saw
a look of delight on her face as she came as well. Jennifer was close,
but not quite there. She pushed the dildo another few stroked into Diane's
cunt and then felt herself finally go over the edge from the pressure on
her clitoris from the double dildo's end being in her cunt. She nearly
fainted from the intensity of it.

The first to recover of course was the Mistress. She pushed her
slaves away with her foot. She then commanded, "Wake up sleepy heads!
Get up, you have some more work to do yet!" Jennifer and Dianne struggled
to their feet. The Mistress then commanded, "Jennifer go and untie the slut
from her bench and bring her to me." Jennifer replied, "Yes, Mistress" and
staggered over to the bench quickly recovering from the intensity of her
orgasm.

She untied Karen and helped her to her feet. It was obvious that
Karen was in fever state of excitement. The top of the bench was literally
dripping wet from the her pussy juices which were leaking out from her
compressed and enlarged cunt lips. She was having difficulty staying on
her feet and staggered as Jennifer supported her over before the throne.

"Remove her blindfold." Instructed her Mistress. She complied.
"Let her stand by herself." Was the next order. Jennifer moved back,
concern showing on her face as Karen nearly slumped to the floor. "So slut,
do you think you have been punished enough now for you heinous crimes?" Asked
the Mistress with a slight smile playing over her full red lips.

"Ugh. Errr." Came out as Karen tried to find her voice. "Y-Yes 
M-Mistress. I am truly sorry that I disobeyed you. I promise to be good.
I promise." Came out in a small whisper which was barely audible.

"Good. Now my little slut I think you need to be rewarded for taking
your punishment so well. Jennifer, remove the exciter from her anus and then
undo the crutch strap." Jennifer moved to obey. As she removed the exciter
she heard a sigh from Karen and then when she undid the crutch strap she
heard a small moan as it was pulled away from her pussy, finally freeing her
cunt lips.

"Diane. Go over to the wall over there. You will find a special
strap on dildo. It is quite large on side and much smaller on the other end."
Diane moved to comply and found the requested dildo. "Strap it on. Large
end in your cunt." Instructed her Mistress. She did so, sliding the big
dildo up her tight cunt, leaving a rather long, thin ribbed dildo sticking
out in front of her.

"Jennifer lie down on the floor on your back, just in front of that
chair over there." Came the next instruction. Jennifer did so, feeling
the large dildo in her cunt moving gently with her movements. There was
a low padded bench in front of the chair and it even had a small hump just
in front of the chair legs where her head rested on a pillow like surface.

"Now then slave Karen. Do you see that lovely big dildo sticking
up there. Would you like to fuck it? Would you like to feel it thrusting
into your cunt?" Asked the Mistress with a much bigger smile on her lips.
"Y-Yes Mistress. Can I?" Asked Karen a little timidly. "Of course you
may my little whore. I said it was time you received a reward for your
punishment, didn't I?" Replied her Mistress.

Karen moved over towards Jennifer. She needed a fuck so badly she
realized. She needed that dildo, still gleaming wetly with Diane's cunt
juices, sticking up so hard and proud from Jennifers loins. She placed
a leg each side of Jennifer and lowered herself towards the big rubber
dick. Jennifer reached up to help support her. She started to rub the
dick up and down her cunt. The feeling after being denied release for
so long was incredible. She was so charged with sexual energy she felt
like she was going to faint.

Jennifer moved her hands over Karen's tightly bound, leather clad
breasts, feeling her nipples through the thin leather. She was watching
as Karen started to slide the big dildo into her very wet cunt which was
practically streaming pussy juices out of it now that the crutch strap
constricting it was removed. Karen slowly forced the dildo into her
cunt and then Jennifer started to jerk her hips in rhythm with her, forcing
into even deeper with each thrust.

"Diane, now move around behind her. Here is some lubricant. I
want you to now fuck her in the ass." Order their Mistress. Diane complied
and spread Karen's buttocks to reveal her asshole. The exciter had done
it work well. Her hole instead of being a tightly closed sphincter was open
and gaping with each thrust of the dildo in her cunt. It was also smeared 
slightly with the slime from her cunt and shone wetly. Diane started to
rub the lube into her asshole anyway. She inserted first one finger, which
obviously excited Karen as she moaned loudly, and then another. She worked
the two fingers in and out several times. Karen was obviously in rapture
because she started to grunt and groan as the dildo and fingers worked
their way in and out of her.

Diane then moved up behind her and removed her fingers. She then
started to rub the head of the thin dildo up and down and around Karen's
asshole. Karen jerked a little as it entered her. But she was occupied
with the sensations which were coming from her cunt and clitoris as the big
black dildo worked its way in and out of her. Diane felt the small dildo
slide into place easily. She could even feel its larger brother inside her
cunt moving in an interesting manner in response to the thrusts inside
Karen's ass.

"Now then Diane, reach down to the base of your dildo. You will
find a small switch. Move it to the `on' position." Instructed their
Mistress who was still sitting on her throne watching the action and lightly
playing with her breasts and cunt. Diane complied and suddenly felt the
dildo start vibrating. Slowly at first but the tempo increased.

Jennifer was busy thrusting her dildo hard upwards into Karen's cunt.
Meeting each downwards stroke and playing with her breasts. She also watched
the look of rapture and sexual excitement on Karen's particularly when Diane
started to play with her rear entrance. It became even more radiant when 
the vibrator started. At the same time she was starting to enjoy the movement
of the dildo in her own cunt. It was moving in and out slightly to the same
rhythm as it was moving into Karen's cunt.

"Jennifer if you reach down to the base of your dildo you will
discover a small switch as well. Flick it `on' as well, will you?" Requested
their Mistress who had now left her throne and come over to chair above their
heads. Jennifer reached down and moved the switch. Suddenly her dildo 
began to vibrate. In fact it did more than that it started to pulse! She
was surprised but Karen was obviously even more surprised and nearly 
collapsed into an orgasm.

"No!" Commanded their Mistress. "You are not allowed to orgasm yet
Karen. Not until I give the command. Is that understood?" Karen was
obviously too far gone to answer, but their Mistress who was now seated in
the chair at the end of the bench grabbed her hair and pulled her hair
up and looked into her eyes and hissed, "Not until I tell you! Understand?"

Karen's glazed eyes cleared for a few seconds and a look of 
comprehension came over her face, "Y-yes M-mistress," she managed to garble
out. Their Mistress then grabbed her head and thrust it between her legs.
"Lick me slut. Suck my clit, show me how good a cunt licker you are."
Their Mistress pushed her cunt hard against Karen's face.

Karen was by this time close to collapse. She had been denied release
for so long and been kept in a fever pitch of sexual excitement that she was
by now completely dazed. The world had shrunk in her mind to her cunt, her
clitoris and her asshole. Suddenly her Mistress's wet cunt was added to that
as she was forced to lick her pussy. Karen was building quickly to the largest
orgasm she had ever had in her life. Yet she knew she was forbidden to
have what she desired more than anything else at this moment by her Mistress.
Deep in her brain she knew that worse things would happen if she disobeyed
her Mistress again so she forced herself to not have an orgasm purely by will
power.

She became like a women possessed. She thrashed around and fucked up
and down on the two dildos inside her. She was so filled there was no escape.
There were two buzzing demons inside her and hands all over her. Yet she knew
she wasn't allowed to orgasm yet, but she needed it so badly. One side of
her brain argued with the other. Reason versus animal instinct. Reason
won for the moment, but just barely. The rapid thrusting up and down on the
two vibrating dildos were driving her crazy while the need to keep licking
her Mistress was so hard to deny.

Suddenly her Mistress started to come. Her face was covered with
her pussy juices. As her Mistress came she groaned and moaned loudly. She
bucked her cunt hard up against Karen's face, trying to force her tongue
in deeper. As her spasms subsided she heard as if from a great distance
away her Mistress say, "That was good whore. It was very good. You may come
now."

She had it! She had her Mistress's permission! She could come.
Suddenly the reasoning side of her brain's defense against the animal instinct
half collapsed. What was released was a demon, a balrog of pure sexual energy
which had been denied for too long. She came. It was the biggest, most
splendid, most gigantic, hugest come she had ever had! She fainted.

Jennifer who was starting to come herself was suddenly flayed by arms
and hands as Karen heard their Mistress's permission to come. Karen thrashed
around like a spastic and heaved her cunt up and down on the dildo in her
cunt. Her cunt squirted her come all over Jennifer and her French Maid's
outfit. Her bladder was released and stream of urine squirted out covering
Jennifer completely. Karen's scream was primitive in the extreme. All
this set Jennifer off herself into a very potent orgasm of her own.

Dianne in the meantime was trying hard not to be bucked off. Her
own orgasm was quick to follow on all that was happening in front of her.
Her breasts were being rubbed deliciously by Karen's back as lunged up
against the silk camisole which she was wearing. That was what set her
off as she felt her nipples slide over the silk. It was nice, but not 
major and simply was satisfying. It came from her clitoris and enveloped 
her without much warning as she tried to hang onto Karen's heaving thrashing 
form.

All of the women collapsed into a heap together. Each felt a gentle
warmth enveloped them as they clung closely together. Karen slowly came
around, still impaled on two dildos which were rubbing her body deliciously.
She experienced a series of small orgasms, rapidly one after another. It
felt fantastic.
