				  The Bus Trip
				  ------------

	It was a warm day in Ithaca, NY.  Just warm enough to wear shorts and
not be too cold.  I had just picked up my bus ticket and baggage tag for my trip
home to Buffalo.  I was visiting my best friend for the weekend.  I filled out
all the necessary information on my baggage tag and went to give it to the
bus driver.  Then, out of the corner of my eye, I saw the most unbelievable
looking girl I'd ever seen.  She was tall, blond, very well-endowed, and dressed
in the SHORTEST skirt I'd ever seen in my life.  No stockings underneath or
anything!  We exchanged smiles as I handed my luggage over to the driver.

	I gave my friend a good-bye hug and got on the bus and sat down.  It
began to fill up quickly and the only seat left was the one next to me.  A deep,
sexy, female voice asked me if the seat was taken.  I looked up, and there was
the girl I saw while checking my luggage!  I silently cleared my throat and, in
my radio voice said "No, have a seat."  She smiled and said "Thanks, I will."
She had only 1 bag with her and as she reached to put it in the baggage compart-
ment above our heads, her skirt raised so far up that I could see the bottom of
her delicious pussy.  She wasn't even wearing panties!  My teeth almost dropped
onto the floor.  She put the bag up there and sat down.  She introduced herself,
"Hi, I'm Tiffany.  What's your name?"  I smiled and said, "I'm (I had to think)
Tom.  Are you from Ithaca?"  "No, I'm from Buffalo, you?" was her reply.  I was
amazed that she was from Buffalo.  That meant that she would be sitting with me
the entire 4 hour ride there.  I told her of my place of origin and she made a
comment on the coincidence.

	The bus got ready to leave.  The driver closed the door, made the usual
pre-departure announcements, and we were off.  As we left the station, the
driver turned on the air conditioning.  It took a few minutes to get back to
where were sitting but when it did, I started to get cold.  Tiffany did also. I
could see the goose bumps forming on her perfectly shaped, tan thighs.  After
a while it got a little too cold for comfort.  She asked me, "Are you cold?"  To
which I responded, "kind of."  She said, "I've got an idea" and with that, got
up and reached into her bag (again revealing her sumptuous snatch) and got out a
somewhat large blanket.  She said, "Do you wanna share this blanket?"  It didn't
sound like anything promising, but I replied in the affirmative.  She draped the
blanket over our legs and we rode on.  I was a little disappointed because I now
could no longer get a glimpse of those incredible legs of hers.  But there was
a plus to all this.  She wouldn't be able to see my hard-on.  She also brought
down a magazine with the blanket which she promptly started reading.  Realizing
that she didn't want to talk any longer, I put on the headphones to the walkman
that sat in my lap.  When the tape was over, I took it out and wanted to get
another one.  I glanced over at Tiffany.  She was asleep with the magazine in he
lap.  Anyway, I reached under the blanket to get my next tape from my back pack
and inadvertently ran my hand down the side of her leg.  Her skin was so smooth
and the perfume she was wearing was making me horny.  As I rummaged through my
back pack for the tape I wanted, I felt her leg move up against my arm.  I then
put the tape in my right hand and ran my left hand back up her leg.  She seemed
to like it because she moved her leg up and down until I did it again.  I moved
my hand in a sort of circular motion on her knee and then moved up to her thigh.
I stayed on the outside at first, then I moved to the front of it.  I stayed
there for awhile and then I began to feel adventurous.  I casually moved my
hand towards the inner part of her thigh about at the knee.  I massaged that
area 2 or three times and moved back a bit farther.  I repeated this pattern
until I was at about the middle of her thigh.  I was getting very horny and my
cock was extremely hard.  Her legs were not completely together, but not far
enough apart that I could try to massage her pussy.  I decided to "test the
water" and I moved my hand farther back until I was almost at the junction of
her legs.  She then rectified the situation of the lack of space between her
legs by spreading them and slouching down in the seat.  I couldn't believe it.
I moved my hand to her pussy.  It was very warm.  I gently ran my hand around
the surface of it to sort of tease her a bit.  She started rocking her hips a
little which was a definite sign that she wanted more.  I began to put some
more pressure on her pussy and it was clear she was aroused because I could feel
her wetness.  I moved up and down her outer lips and up to her clit.  I started
playing with her clit lightly at first, then increasing my speed and force.  She
started to breathe more heavily now and she was moving her hips against my hand.
By this time I was hard as a rock and I moved my hand down from her clit and put
my finger inside her hole.  She loved that, especially when I put 2 fingers in
there!  She began to moan softly and she moved her hand to reach under my shorts
and grab my rock-hard cock!  I then turned my hand so that I could finger-fuck
her and massage her swollen clit at the same time.  She moved her pussy back and
forth faster now to move with my rhythm.  She grabbed me harder and started
jerking me off.  Finally, things got real hot, I turned to her and said, "Don't
you think we should go somewhere more private so we can do all kinds of NASTY
things to each other?"  As I said this I moved my hand even harder and faster.
She could only nod yes and moan in response.

	I slowed down, then stopped.  We got up and left the blanket, walkman,
and magazine on the seats and headed for the bathroom.  On the way back, I
started to wonder if anyone would hear us.  However, I remembered that the
engine was back there also, so that probably wouldn't be a problem.  We got
in there and locked the door.  I sat her up on the sink and we started kissing
deeply.  I started massaging her thighs with both hands this time and she began
to moan in excitement.  I whipped out my member (which by this time was hard
enough to cut diamonds!) and moved it towards her.  She then said, "No.  Wait.
I want you to fuck me but first I want you to eat me.  I wanna have my first
orgasm in your mouth!"  I then proceeded to remove her top and her big, beau-
tiful tits popped out.  She wasn't even wearing a bra (like that was a big
surprise).  I stopped thinking about the issue of her dressing style and set to
my task.  I moved her hips forward onto the sink and got on my knees.  I put
my mouth up to her inviting tuna taco and blew on it.  She liked that alot.  I
did that for a minute or so.  Then I started licking the insides of her thighs
and stopped right before I got to the intended target.  I did this a few times
and it drove her absolutely nuts!  I finally started licking her cunt itself.
She was one of those women who doesn't even have an odor except for the baby
powder that she must have used when she showered.  So, upon discovering that
she had no alarming scent, I dove right in there.  The sudden change from almost
no licking to what I was doing now made her twitch and moan loudly.  I flicked
her clit with my tongue and stopped occasionally to catch my breath.  I then
took her clit into my mouth and sucked on it.  I could tell by her hips bucking
that she was gonna come!  I didn't want her to just yet.  So I turned my atten-
tion to her hole!  I put my tongue in there and moved my head back and forth so
that I could literally fuck her with my tongue.  When I felt that now familiar
bucking of her hips and her grabbing of her tits and screaming, I stopped.  I
faked that I was out of breath so that I could get my hand in position.  After
seeing that she had calmed down, I took my middle finger and stuck it in her
hole and started sucking on her clit at the same time using my teeth.  I did it
hard and fast.  She started screaming again and she was gonna come!  I thought
of stopping again, but I was so horny for this girl that I wanted her to spill
her female juices of love all over my face.  And that's exactly what she did!
I licked and swallowed until I got every last drop.  After I got to my feet and
started massaging her tits, she grabbed my cock and said, "FUCK ME!"

	Boy, what a neat idea.  Why didn't I think of that?  I told her that
since she was holding on to my rod, she could put it in.  I grabbed her by the
waist and, as soon as my cock was in position, thrusted up inside her.  The
combination of the action while we were in our seats, the recent adventure of
the tongue, and the anticipation of fucking her brains out was almost too much
for me.  I moved back and forth at a good speed which made her squirm and scream
with ectasy!  She leaned back and grabbed onto these 2 handles next to the
mirror.  When she did this, I bent over and, while fucking her, started sucking
on her jugs.  She was wet, wild, and willing!  Speaking of wetness, I could feel
my hot cream welling up getting ready to explode.  I didn't want to come yet.  I
wanted to save it for the very last wave of sex.  However, she didn't want to
save it, she started gyrating and almost hollering!  I could feel her orgasm
come out in one large tidal wave.  The warmth of her juices surrounded my red-
hot meat slab.  I slowed down a little to allow her to calm down.  She looked at
me and licked her lips.  She said, "OK stud, your turn, sit down!"

	I climbed out of my shorts and sat down on the toilet.  Then, she
stepped out of her skirt and knelt down in front of me.  My cock was standing
straight up.  She took it in her left hand and started massaging my nuts with
her right hand.  As she did this, she started licking the length of my cock and
darting her tongue back and forth on the head.  It was driving me absolutely
crazy!  Then she took it all in her mouth with one swift movement.  She started
sucking on it like it was a straw,desperately trying to get the juice out ofit.
I was going absolutely wild.  This girl could probably suck a golf ball through
20 feet of garden hose!  Finally, I could feel myself about to come.  I didn't
want to just yet, but her talented mouth on my wankie was not about to let me
hold it back.  I started fucking her mouth like it was her pussy and shot my
load into it.  She was so happy that she made me come all over the inside of her
mouth, that she started to moan real loud and greedily swallow and suck.

	After I lubricated her mouth with my hot cream, she stood up and I
grabbed her by the waist and, making her straddle the toilet seat and my legs,
positioned her box right over my pole.  When she was properly placed, I grabbed
her ass cheeks and pulled them towards me to wrap that cunt of hers right around
my dick!  She began grinding and moaning and I grabbed her hips and grinded her
faster.  I was so hot for her, that I didn't care how fast we went, as long as
we kept on fucking.  Her pussy felt so good around my cock.  It was so soft and
satiny inside and it was rubbing on all the right places on me.  She stuck her
chest out and I started sucking on her tits again.  It didn't take very long
before she started howling and exploded into yet another orgasm.  I was close
behind her with my jet spray of sex juice!  We slowed down and let the motion
of the bus control our movements while we relaxed.  Then I kissed her deeply
and said, "It's not over yet Tiffany, it's time for the grand finale.  Stand
up."

	As she stood up, I leaned forward and started eating her snatch for
about 30 seconds just to get her going again.  Then I stood up, turned her
around and had her put her hands on the toilet seat.  I rubbed her ass first
with my hand, then with my cock.  After a few minutes of this, I stuck it in her
pussy.  Then after a minute, I put one hand on her clit, and one hand on her
tit.  She grabbed her other tit and started screaming and slapping her ass
against my thighs.  She couldn't control herself.  I asked her if she liked
being fucked that way.  She could only respond "Oooooooooooooh yeeeeeeeeeeeah!"
The sexual pleasure from my fucking her, rubbing her clit, and having both her
tits played with at the same time, made her start to cum continuously.  I could
also feel my hot giz begin to boil.  I knew I was gonna cum any minute.  It was
gonna be the best orgasm yet.  I wanted hers to be too.  So as I could feel
myself start to cum, I started fucking her faster, rubbing her clit harder, and
kneading her tit more forcefully.  She did her tit more forcefully too.  Well,
this did exactly what I wanted it to do.  In fact, we both exploded into such an
orgasm, that it left us shouting at the top of our lungs for at least a minute.
That may not seem like a long time, but when you're doing it, it does.  We were
screaming so loud that I'm sure the entire bus could hear us, but neither of us
cared.

	When we finished, we did some "afterplay" to gradually bring us down
from that "high" we were on from all that wondrous copulation.  We got dressed,
opened the door to the bathroom, and walked back to our seats.  As we were
walking back, a guy looked up and me, smiled, and gave me the old "thumbs up"
routine.  Obviously, he heard us.

	The bus pulled in to Buffalo.  We got off the bus and got our luggage
and went inside the bus station.  As we waited for our rides to pick us up, we
exchanged addresses and phone numbers.  She asked me if I wanted to get together
sometime soon.  I said, "You bet!  I've got an in-ground pool and my parents are
going out of town next month."  She smiled and licked her lips.  My ride arrived
and we said goodbye.


				  The Pool
				  --------

	It was a hot June afternoon.  The humidity was low however so it didn't
feel exhaustingly boiling outside.  School had let out not a month before and
I couldn't get over the feeling of freedom.  I was doing some things around the
house feeling comfortable from the central air conditioning.  Then, the door
bell rang.  I went to the door and there was Tiffany.  I hadn't seen her since
that BUS TRIP I took a few months back.  She looked spectacular!  She was even
more tan now then she was then.  She had on these bright pink shorts and a
safire blue blouse which was tied at the bottom.  She had her hair partially
pulled back, but it looked real good.  I smiled approvingly at her and said
"Hi, you're right on time.  C'mon in."

	She came in, dropped her duffel bag and gave me a huge kiss.  We had
some small talk.  You know, the catching up, how's everything stuff.  She
asked, "Where is everybody?"  She was referring to my vacationing family.  I
told her of their absence and she gave me one of those satisfied grins.  I must
have forgotten to tell her when we made our plans.  I made us some drinks and
we went outside and sat by my pool.  It is a 26x26, in-ground, octagonal pool.
I had taken very good care of while my parents were gone so it looked very good.
We just sat, talking, admiring the sunshine, me admiring her gorgeous body and
really looking forward to seeing what she looked like in a bikini.

	I didn't have to wait long.  She said, "I'm hot.  Let's get in the
water."  With that, she stood up, put her sunglasses on the table and began
to undress.  She kicked her sneakers off, pulled down her shorts seductively,
untied her blouse, and removed it.  She then shook her hair out.  She had
her bikini on underneath.  And what a bikini it was!  It was so small, it
barely covered her tits, pussy, and ass.  It was one of those shoulder-strapless
deals with a white top and a black bottom.  I almost shit looking at her.  I
yanked my shirt off over my head and literally threw my watch on the table.  I
jogged over to the shed and got an attachment for the filter return to give it
the jacuzi effect when it releases the water into the pool.  We dove in and I
swam over to the return and attached the massager.

	We did some swimming around for a bit, getting used to the water and all
that.  I went under the water and opened my eyes.  Boy, could she ever move in
the water!  I saw her go under a few times.  If she opened her eyes, she must
have been able to see the bulge that was forming in my bathing suit.  From
behind me, her voice said, "don't move Tom."  I heard the sound of her going
under water and felt her hands on my bathing suit.  She gave it one quick
yank and it fell to my ankles.  She came up in front of me with it in her hand.
She gave a deep-voiced laugh and threw it across the yard.  Then she stood right
infront of me and started giving me a hand job.  I was so hard and horny.  I had
been thinking about fucking her in the pool ever since we parted at the bus
station.  She started to rub my cock against her stomach and on her belly button
which supported my head nicely.  I was getting real turned on by this and, with
one hand undid the clasp on her bikini top and flung it near where my bathing
suit lay on the lawn.  I started vigorously massaging her tits with both hands
which caused her to start breathing heavily.  I ran my right hand up her
shoulder, down her back, and eventually underneath her bikini bottom where I
caressed her bare ass.  All the time she was continuing her hand job.  She was
being gentle because she didn't want to make me cum.  With both hands, I tried
to push her bottoms down but it was difficult because I had no leverage.  She
started to wiggle her hips in order to allow them to slide down easier.  This
made it easy enough to push them down and she stepped out of them.  She
stopped her hand job, picked up her bottoms and rubbed the crotch of them in my
face.  The smell of her pussy was driving me crazy.  I grabbed them and cast
them away with the rest of our clothing.

	Now I am not a very athletic person, but the fact that the water makes
things weigh less was going to work in my favor.  I looked into her eyes, she
smiled, and with my hands on her hips, gave a jump and wrapped her legs around
my waist.  She held my shoulders tightly as I positioned my cock and grabbed her
ass to give a quick THRUST to shove it in.  I pushed it in as far as it would
go.  I just stayed there and we reveled in the sensation.  We hadn't fucked for
months and it felt sooooooooooo good!  I started moving her slowly and began
to pick up the pace every few minutes.  We worked up to a pretty good speed.
Her tits were bouncing all over the place.  It was a sight to see.  The two
of standing in the middle of my pool, intertwined with the water coming about
half way up our chests.  She started moaning and sighing.  The sound echoed
across the water and bounced off the fence giving it a deeper, richer, more
prolonged quality.  As we fucked, the water began to get wavy and turbulent
which only made it better since we kept losing balance and had to keep slamming
into each other to recover it.  This was great, but it wasn't anywhere near
what I had planned for us.

	We managed to fuck our way over to the return.  When we got there, I
slowed down (much to her displeasure) and got her off of me.  She asked me what
I was doing.  I replied, "Baby, I'm gonna make you cum like you've NEVER cum
before!"  To entice her, I put my finger in her pussy and moved it furiously
back and forth and then pulled it out just as quickly.  She said, "Alright,
I'll do whatever you want me to do."  I instructed her to turn around and place
her hands on the sides of the pool.  With both hands I spread her legs far
enough so that I could get my cock inside her and she could comfortably stand.
I moved her back a bit keeping her hands on the poolsides.  Then I said, "Are
you ready for the ultimate orgasm?"  She must have been ready to cum when we
were fucking before because all she could do in response was moan and sexily
shake her body.  With that I reached around her and turned the nozzle on the
jacuzi attachment straight towards her now very swollen clit.  The warm, jet-
propelled water hit her right on the clit and was driving her crazy all by
itself.  Then I grabbed my cock and guided it into her pussy from behind.  When
it was all the way in and I got up a good rhythm, I reached my hands around her
and massaged her tits.  And if that weren't enough, I started to kiss and lick
her ears and neck.  Needless to say, she was in another world.  She was getting
all the pleasure centers of her body stimulated at once, her clit, her pussy,
her tits, and even her neck!  She said to me in a breathy voice, "I wish...uh..
there waaaaaaaaas...something IIIIIIIIIIIIIII couuuuuuld...God...do to youuu!"
I told her that seeing her like this and feeling her pussy wrapped around my
member was enough for me.  As I said this, I began to fuck her even faster!
After a few minutes of hearing her shout and scream at the top of her lungs,
I pumped my cock into her with all that I had because I was gonna cum!  And this
was no trickling faucet baby!  This was a full blown (no pun intended but
laughter accepted) jet-spray surpassed only by the return's pumping type of
orgasm for me boy!

	I filled Tiffany up with what felt like every fluid in my body.  So
now she was being pumped on her clit, fucked, tit-massaged, now BITTEN, on the
neck, AND being pumped in her pussy with my hot flowing juices!  This was more
than she could stand.  She threw her head back and said "My turn!"  Her body
began to shake, the walls of her pussy clenched and held my cock right where it
was, and with a scream that was louder and higher than the last note in Marriah
Carey's "Someday," climbed to the peak of her sexual plateau!  She stayed there
for what seemed like hours but was actually about 2 minutes.  (Now I'm a
Broadcast major so trust me when I tell you that 2 minutes can seem like an
eternity)  When she started to cool down a bit, she lost her balance and fell
into my arms.  We climbed out of the pool and, without putting our suits back
on, laid down on beach towels and fell asleep in the afternoon sun.

	After a few hours we awoke to the sound of my neighbor's dog relent-
lessly barking.  This made me aware of the fact that if they're home and let
the dog out, they could probably see us laying there.  We laughed at our mutual
thought and got up and got dressed.  We went in the house for a while and spent
the rest of the day together.  The fucking was over and it was time to relax and
just have fun.  She left around midnight and we agreed to keep in close "touch"
with each other so we could have more days like today.  And what a day it was!
(HA CHA-CHA-CHA-CHA!)


			   A Ride in the Country
			   ---------------------

	It's been close to a year since I met Tiffany.  Our meeting was rather
bizarre (ain't it amazing what Greyhound can do for your sex life?) and we'd
done some rather strange things with each other (like a different kind of 
synchronized swimming) so we decided to actually start dating.  We decided that
it would be a somewhat non-exclusive relationship but we wound up seeing each
other more than other people.

	She called me one afternoon.  It was the day after my birthday and she 
wanted to do something.  I suggested a trip to Niagara Falls.  It is one of my
favorite places to go.  She agreed and said she'd be over in about 10 minutes.
I got dressed and stepped out onto my porch to wait for her.  It was positively
beautiful outside.  The temperature was about 72 degrees with light, cool 
breeze.  Figuring it would be colder by the water, I went inside and got my 
wind breaker, slung it over my shoulder, and resumed my position on the porch. 
She pulled up a few minutes later in her bright red 1990 Oldsmobile Cutlass 
Supreme.  I hopped in, we exchanged the preliminary tonsil hockey-style kiss 
and we were off like prom dresses.  

	As we got on our way, I glanced over at her and checked out her attire.
It was always an adventure to check out what Tiffany was wearing, and today
was absolutely no exception.  She had on a pair of short white shorts and a 
dark blue tube top.  She had a blouse in the back seat to put on for when we 
went walking.  I removed my sunglasses because the windows in her car were 
tinted.  She noticed me checking her out and said, "Like the outfit?"  To which
I replied, "Oh yeah, you've got the body for it" and gave her an affectionate
caress on her smooth thigh.  Her body shuddered slightly and she let out a small
moan.  She must have been real horny if just a caress turned her on.

	We were half way there when we turned onto a country road.  There were
no other cars on it, just ours.  We were stopped at a red light when I got a
crazy idea.  In one quick motion, I undid my seatbelt, leaned towards her,
yanked her tube top down a bit exposing her gorgeous boobs, and started sucking
on her right one.  She gasped as she wasn't expecting this while we were in the
car and especially while she was driving.  The light turned green and she hit
the gas.  She was going faster than usual because of the ecstasy she was feeling
from me sucking on her rather sensitive nipples.  Now it is not advisable to do
things like this while driving because you can crash.  However, the road was 
pretty straight and car-free, so I didn't think it mattered.  It was a bit 
difficult for me to maintain my position because of the bumps in the road.  Plus
her arms sort of blocked me because she had to keep her hands on the wheel.  She
finally couldn't take anymore and breathily said, "I've got an...uh...idea."  
We turned off onto a dirt road leading to a somewhat wooded area.  She turned
off the car and ripped off her seatbelt.  She pushed my face away from her tits,
pulled the tube top over head and shunned it to the back seat, grabbed me by the
back of the head, and pulled me hard into her tits.  I sucked with seemingly 
reckless abandon on those magnificent tits of hers.  She shook her head back
and forth and moaned loudly in a fit of passion.  She reached her hand down the
side of the seat in order to recline it a bit to make herself more comfortable.

	After a few minutes of sheer bliss, I decided to intensify things.  I
used my free hand to work my way down to her shorts and I started to pull them
down.  She raised her hips in order to help me, but it was a long process 
because of the position we were in.  I knew I wasn't going to get them all the
way down her legs unless I moved away from her tits (and I had no intention of
doing that) so I stopped when they were just below her knees.  I did the same 
thing with her panties.  After what seemed like forever, I relinquished my grip
on those tiny black panties of hers and ran my hand up the inside of her right
thigh until I reached the intended target.  Through a bit of maneuvering of her
legs, she was able to get the shorts and panties down further.  This gave her
the ability to spread her legs more.  The whole time I was doing this, I
alternated sucking on each tit.  

	Her pussy was very moist from all the excitement, so I had no trouble
rubbing it.  I took my middle finger and ran it down almost to her anus and
reversed direction just before I got there.  I parted her nether lips as I ran
my finger across her slit.  Her clit instantly started swelling and throbbing
at my touch, so I paid particular attention to that.  Her moans started turning
into breathy sighs which eventually turned into screams as I played with her
clit with increasing pressure.  I replaced the fingers on her clit with my thumb
so that I could put my middle finger in her hole.  It was so wet that it made a 
squishing sound every time I moved in and out.  My ring finger then joined my
middle finger and I was going at a good pace.  Tiffany, eyes closed, mouth open,
screaming, was off in Never Never land.  Noticing this, I stopped finger-fucking
her and started to spread my 2 fingers apart inside her.  This gave her such a 
shock that it brought her back to reality but she was still screaming.  Her 
orgasm was fast approaching and she knew it!  She started bucking her hips up
and down wildly, her knees hitting the steering wheel occasionally and her not 
caring.  All she wanted to do was to release that juice all over my fingers.  
Just seconds before it happened, she screamed, "Toooooooooom, I'm cu, I'm cum,
I'm huuuuuuuuuuuuuh!  I'm cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuumiiiiiiiiiiing!"
As she studdered to get the words out, I removed my lips from her tits and went
right for her delicious love juice dispenser and greedily sucked everything she
was offering.  After all, wouldn't want any of it to get on the seats!  :)  I
gobbled up the last drops and rested my head on her slightly quivering thighs.  

	As she recuperated from her orgasm, I could feel my cock trying to 
drill it's way out of my shorts.  I needed satisfaction and I needed it now!
I thought about the possibility of fucking her in the car but it just wasn't 
doable.  So I looked out the window to survey the area.  Lots of trees, secluded
area, what looked like soft ground, perfect!  I explained my idea to Tiffany, 
removing her shorts and panties completely as I spoke.  By this time she was so
horny that she said she didn't care if we fucked in the passing lane of the road
we were just on, just as long as we fucked and fucked hard!  So we got out of 
the car; her completely naked (what a sight, mmmmmm hmmmmmm) and me still fully
dressed.  She went and opened the trunk and got out a rather thick blanket to
lay on the ground.  She slammed the trunk shut and threw the keys in the front
seat.  We preceded to lay the blanket down on the ground in front of the car.  
At this point she ordered me to take off my clothes since she was the only one
exposing her private parts.  I had no objections and did so.  She had me lean
against the side of the car and rest my hands on the hood.  She got on her knees
and without uttering a single word, took my raging dick in her mouth.  She deep-
throated me and sucked with a force that rivals most vacuum cleaners for awhile.
I looked down at her; long, blonde hair shining in the sun, tan body absolutely
glowing, and ran my fingers through her hair.  She moved her head back and forth
with increasing speed.  I could feel that all-too-familiar feeling in my balls
and it excited me.  I knew however that I was only gonna have one big orgasm
and, as much as I liked her mouth, didn't want to have it there.  So I grabbed
her head firmly but gently letting her know that I wanted her to stop.  She 
looked up at me, pre-cum juice coating her lips, and I said, "I wanna cum in
your pussy."  

	With that, she easily rolled onto her back from her current kneeling 
position, spread her legs wide, and started rubbing her crotch.  I dropped to
my knees, placed her heels on my shoulders, and guided myself into her.  I was
so turned on that I was literally throbbing.  I had to fuck her slowly at first
otherwise I would have cum right then and there.  But every time I pushed in, it
was hard and went in all the way.  I went as far in as my long cock would take 
me.  Every time I did, she would gasp and moan loudly.  I slowly, and I mean 
real slowly, began to pick up the tempo.  After about 5 minutes, we were going 
at it at a tremendous speed.  I was surprised that I hadn't cum yet.  But that 
was all about to change as my nuts boiled and my dick throbbed even harder.  I 
pounded Tiffany with all I had left in me.  Then, as I was about to cum, she 
shouted to the whole world that she was gonna have another orgasm.  Our 
climaxes came so close together that we were almost synchronous.  I blasted my 
juices into her and her tidal wave of jism engulfed my cock as well.  This 
continued for a few minutes until we were both exhausted.

	I slowed down with as much eveness as I could and collapsed on top of
her leaving my cock inside her as it began to shrink back to original size.  We
laid that way for a long time, and eventually were lulled to sleep by the cool
breeze that descended upon us.

	I awoke to a tender kiss from Tiffany and she whispered, "happy birthday
Tom" to me.  Who could ask for a better present?  We got up, folded up the 
blanked, got dressed and headed off for our original destination, and had a 
wonderful time.  
