TOM

        Last Saturday, as on previous weekends, I went to the beach; but
further out from the main area, to where it was less crowded.  The life-
guard on the stand near me could have been a movie idol, with his fine
physique, well-moulded chest, and muscular legs.  Swimming, he showed a
control of the water; and coming out he showed even more, for the white
trunks he was wearing were now transparent, giving a great view of his
crotch.  Caught against the sun, a wide, long organ hung in bas-relief;
hanging clear of the large balls behind it.
     
        When he dressed to leave, I also reluctantly left.  I was surprised
and excited when the lifeguard pulled up in a read convertible and offered
me a lift.  He was wearing an unbuttoned white sportshirt, which showed off
the bronze of his skin from his firm neck to his navel. It turned out he was
going all the way into the city, but he said he had to stop at his place to
change.
     
        At his house he poured me a wine-cooler, and one for himself. "If
you can wait a few minutes for us to get back on the road, I'd like to shower
before driving on," meanwhile shedding his shirt and beginning to unbutton
his 501s.  "Sure," I said, " go ahead."  Soon the shower began hissing and I
could hear him in it.  Suddenly, it quieted down and he came out, starting to
drink his wine-cooler again as he dried himself off with the towel in his
other hand.  He was beautiful in his nakedness, the tan golden-brown face,
neck, chest, arms, thighs, and calves setting off his white ass and pubic area.
     
        The light-brown hairline running down from his navel became a soft
cushion of hair around his cock.  The cock - it looked like a small water
pipe; round, thick, and large, with a beautifully molded head that had its lips
open.  When I glanced up he was looking at me staring at his nudity, grinning.
     
        Sitting down at the end of the couch opposite from me, he flung the
damp towel in through the bathroom door and pulled one leg up under his butt.
His raised leg pulled his buttocks apart enough to show a thin line near the
bottom of the cleavage that indicated where in the muscular roundness his
asshole was hidden.  Suddenly he moved next to me and I tensed up. "Relax," he
said, putting a hand on my thigh. He moved his hand from my thigh to the back
of my neck, pulling my head towards him, and snaked the tip of his tongue
between my lips.  He then moved his lips lightly over my face, my strong
cheekbones, down against my neck, sucking at the cords with the soft inside
of his lips. Passing down onto my chest, he took one of my nipples for a
second, first between his lips, and then gently tugging with the tips of his
teeth.  I placed my hand on the back of his neck and moved it up and down to
let him know how good it felt.  He moved over to the other nipple, and again
started nibbling, then worrying it with his tongue.
     
        Then he spread his tongue flat and began making a roadway with it all
the way down my torso, stopping to dip into my navel.  By now my cock was
straining in my black speedos, and he reached down and pulled them off. Turning
his head sideways he began to move his lips, zig-zag, up the length of my
shaft, with his tongue making a track of hot saliva, all along the top of my
cock.  Reaching the head, he put the sharp point of his outstretched tongue
into the lips of the head, spreading them out, and then started back down,
again zig-zagging with his lips, and this time wetting the underside and the
bulging veins that roped my cock.  He bit a little at the smooth bag of skin
containing my balls, and I raised my hips in pleasure.  His tongue wandered
further down into and between my crotch and buttocks.
     
        He raised his head up and saw the thick ball of transparent fluid that
had formed at the opening of my cockhead.  He ran his tongue all the way around
the rim of the head and closed in with his lips, holding my cock tightly. I
could feel his tongue making patters all over the head, over and under, back
and forth, like tracing maps.  He took my cock deeper, sliding the head back
into his throat and squeezing his lips halfway down my shaft.  He slid further
down, sliding his hands under my buttocks and holding me by my ass cheeks. I
moved my hands over his broad shoulders and his head to show my pleasure, and
started rocking my hips to match his rhythm. My stomach was rising and falling
with heavy breathing, and he was finally taking all of my length.
     
        He would slide down my shaft so that his lips rested in my pubic hair
and let me feel my cock throbbing in his moist throat, swelling and pounding
with a heartbeat of its own.  He slid back up and off, almost all the way,
stopping with just the head in his mouth.  This all-the-way action brought
groans to my lips and my hands held tightly to his shoulders.  He increased
the strokes of his mouth, sliding up and down like a piece of machinery.
     
        My back arched as the first stream of my cum shout out of my cock and
washed the back of his throat. He swallowed it and me, the next few shots
pulsing deep in his throat. His hands were like a vise, holding me while I
shot. When he raised his head, sucking out every ounce of my hot juice, I
collapsed into a pile of spent muscles, my chest and stomach covered in sweat
and my body completely relaxed.  After a few minutes of silence in which he
toyed with my thick, swollen cock - which was only beginning to go soft - he
cocked his head towards me and smiled. " Would you like to get some dinner
then come back and ... spend the night?"
