                              CHAPTER 1

                                TOMMY


          Tommy was an only child and grew up in a small town in
     the Mid-West.  When he was young and was home alone, he would
     often play 'dress-up' in his mother's clothing, thrilling to
     the feel of the soft silky material against his body.  He was
     smaller than the other boys and had facial features more like
     a girl's than a boy's.  This was often made comment on by his
     Aunt who visited his family with some regularity.  "Such a
     pretty girl you would make," she would comment as she hugged
     the boy and offered kisses to her nephew.  Tommy liked his
     Aunt Beth and always tried to please her whenever she visited
     and was always rewarded with hugs and kisses from the beauti-
     ful woman.
          One day when he was about 11, he was playing 'dress-up'
     in the hours between when he got home from school and when his
     parents arrived home from work.  Dressed in his mother's
     frilly nylon panties, a bra, slip, and a pair of her high
     heels, he was admiring himself in the full length mirror in
     his parent's room.  He was turned sideways to the mirror and
     was slowly stroking the silky material of the slip against his
     sides, feeling the wonderful tingle it always provided his
     body.  His small cock was hard and rubbing delightfully
     against the panties,when suddenly he heard footsteps in the
     hallway.
          "Tommy?  Are you here Tommy?"  It was Aunt Beth!  "Oh my
     God," He thought, "What if she catches me in Mom's clothes?"
     Before he could formulate an answer to his own question, his
     Aunt entered the room.  "Oh there you are," his Aunt started,
     then seeing how her nephew was attired, "My aren't we pretty
     today."  Tommy turned beet red and tried to hide behind the
     mirror.
          Aunt Beth was the younger sister of his mother and only
     25 years old.  Tall to his eyes, she had long flowing blonde
     hair which came down to her breasts and had that 'willowy'
     look Tommy had observed in the fashion magazines his mother
     received in the mail.  Her deep blue eyes surveyed her nephew
     and she arrived at the conclusion that she had scared the boy
     badly with her entry.  "Tommy, don't be afraid, come over here
     and give Aunt Beth a hug," she said to him.
          Tommy still flushed in embarrassment and now trembling,
     came out from behind the free standing mirror and approached
     his Aunt.  Seeing the boy shake, elicited a response of
     sympathy from the woman who extended her arms and quickly drew
     the boy to her, then hugged him tightly to her.  "There,
     there," she murmured as she held the boy to her, "It's OK
     Tommy, Aunt Beth loves you and would never hurt her favorite
     nephew."  She stroked his small head as she held it to her
     ample breasts and soon felt his trembling stop.  She released
     her hug and moved him out from her enough to grasp his small
     chin in her hand and gently tilted his head upwards so that
     she could look at his face.  Tears were streaming down both
     cheeks when his face came into view, so she gently wiped them
     with her fingertips and then kissed the boy on the cheek and
     forehead.
          Holding the boy by the shoulders, she sat down on the
     edge of the bed so that they were now at eye level with each
     other.  Then gently stroked his long-ish light brown hair back
     from his face with her right hand, which finally rested on his
     left shoulder at the base of his neck.  His eyes were the same
     deep blue as her own, but now red from crying and his pale
     white cheeks trembled as he tried to speak.  "Please don't
     tell my Mother," he managed to get out, "She'll be mad at me
     for messing with her things."  Tears immediately started
     flowing down the lovely boy's cheeks again, which Beth stroked
     with her thumbs, then pulled him forward between her legs and
     hugged him again with his head resting on her shoulder.
          She rocked the small boy and gently caressed his back as
     she held him then said, "I won't tell on you...I love you too
     much to ever hurt you, little one."  "Thank you Aunt Beth,"
     came a soft reply, "I love you too."  She continued to rock
     and stroke him until she felt his body relax, then moved him
     back out to a point between her knees, and held him by his
     forearms.  "Now then, why don't you tell me about it?" and
     again moved her right hand up, brushing his hair from his
     face.
          In between occasional shudders and sniffles, Tommy
     explained to his aunt that he dressed in his mother's clothing
     two or three times per week and how he enjoyed the feel of
     them on his body.  She asked if he had ever used his mother's
     makeup or dresses in addition to the underclothes and Tommy
     replied "only a couple of times."  "It's too hard to get that
     stuff off my face," he explained and this received a smile and
     a chuckle from Aunt Beth.
          When he was done, she stroked his hair again and gently
     talked to him.  "It's OK Tommy, there is nothing wrong with
     boys wanting to play dress-up...But if you are going to do it,
     you should dress your own age."  "But how?" Tommy inquired.
     "Let me think on that for a while," she responded, then con-
     tinued, "I don't know right now, but I'll work on it; for now
     however, you better change before your Mom gets home and finds
     you."  Tommy, leaned in and hugged his Aunt then gave her a
     kiss before letting go, "Thank you Aunt Beth," he whispered as
     he released his hold on the woman.
          His parents arrived home about 45 minutes later and true
     to her word, his Aunt did not mention the incident to them.
     Tommy thought she had forgotten all about it when several
     months passed and nothing had happened.
          It was the beginning of summer, Beth was visiting and
     over dinner she made an offer to his parents.  "You two work
     too hard, you should take a vacation,"  she proposed, "I'll
     tell you what, I'll take care of Tommy, and you two take a
     second honeymoon!"  An offer like this was too good to refuse.
     Tommy's parents HAD been working very hard in the past five
     years, in order to buy the house they lived in.  They had
     taken little time off and other than a weekend once or twice,
     had never had a vacation away from their son since he had been
     born.  "Would you really be willing to do that Sis," Tommy's
     mother asked.  "Janet, you know I'm a teacher and have the
     whole summer off.  Tommy and I get along great, and you two
     NEED a vacation." "It wouldn't be too much trouble?" his
     father inquired.  "No trouble at all, Tommy and I will have
     lot's of fun, while you two lovebirds get some time to your-
     selves," Beth replied.  "Then it's a deal," his mother said,
     "I hope you won't be sorry," she added.  "No chance!" Beth
     responded.
          Things moved quickly, Tommy's parents made arrangements
     to take a month off from work and booked reservations at
     several hotels along their intended route.  Beth would take
     them to the airport, then she and Tommy would return to her
     apartment for the duration of the trip.  Beth would pick them
     up when they returned; all was set for the trip to begin in
     three weeks.
          Tommy was excited about the whole idea, he had not played
     dress-up since the day he had been caught by his Aunt Beth.
     He had been afraid that it might be his mother who caught him
     the next time and had refrained from such activities.  He had
     however, stolen a pair of her frilly panties and a slip, and
     slept in them whenever he could do so safely.  Maybe his Aunt
     would let him play dress-up at her apartment, while he stayed
     there.
          The day finally came and after seeing his parents off at
     the airport, they walked back to Aunt Beth's car in the par-
     king lot.  "I have a surprise for you Tommy," she said as they
     walked.  "For the next month, your name will be spelled 'TOMI'
     and you will be my niece rather than my nephew!"  "Really,"
     Tommy squealed with glee, "Yes," she replied "and it will
     start as soon as we get to your house."  Tommy was beside
     himself and stopping his Aunt, gave her the biggest hug his
     little body could provide.  "I though you might like it," she
     said, after giving him a kiss on the forehead and stroking her
     long fingers through his hair.
                     
                     ***************************

                              CHAPTER 2


                         FROM TOMMY TO 'TOMI'

          When they arrived back at Tommy's house, he was escorted
     into his bedroom by his Aunt who was carrying a small bag she
     had retrieved from the trunk of her car.  "Take off all of you
     clothes," she said, much to Tommy's shock.  Seeing the boy
     hesitate, "You're not going to get SHY on your Aunt are you?
     I've seen your little butt naked most of your life and can't
     remember how many times I changed your diapers."  Knowing her
     statement was true, he immediately started undressing while
     she removed items of clothing from the bag.
          Now standing completely naked before his Aunt, Tommy
     tried to hide his groin with his hands.  "Come over here," she
     commanded in a still gentle voice; Tommy moved to where she
     was seated on the chair at the end of his bed.  "Oh, put your
     hands down," she said as if frustrated, "You don't have
     ANYTHING to hide from me."  Tommy complied and after looking
     him over from head to toe, she then produced a seamstress's
     tape measure and took the various measurements of his body.
     "Your a little bigger than I thought, but these will still fit
     you," she observed and handed him a pile of clothing from the
     bed.  Tommy accepted the clothing and while he looked it over,
     his Aunt picked up his tennis shoes and removed the laces.
          In the clothing he had been handed was: a pair of white
     ankle socks, a white denim purse with a long thin strap, a
     pair of white nylon panties, a pink tube top with a frilly
     edge at the top seam and a pair of white shorts with no zipper
     or pockets like his had.  Tommy picked up the panties and
     pulled them slowly up his legs, once again thrilling to the
     feel of the smooth material on his body.  He then put on the
     tube top and shorts, then sat down to put on the ankle socks;
     which he noted had pink and white lace at the top.  In the
     mean time, his Aunt had replaced the white laces in his shoes
     with pink ones and seeing him looking her way offered an
     explanation.  "I didn't know what size shoes you wore, so
     these will do until we can get you some girl's shoes."
          Aunt Beth then had Tommy sit in the chair and got some
     cosmetics from her bag.  Tilting his face up to her, she held
     it in her palm and studied him for a couple of minutes.  "You
     have such lovely skin and bone structure," she offered, "I
     just wish I'd looked that good at your age," as if talking to
     herself.  She then took a pair of tweezers and plucked a few
     hairs from his eyebrows and applied some blusher to his
     cheeks.  A light pink lipstick and gloss were then put on his
     lips and after blotting, applied again.  Aunt Beth then took
     a comb and parted his hair down the middle and then drew it
     into two pony tails, one on either side of his head, which
     were secured with pink ribbons to match his outfit.  "All
     done, Tomi, let's go into your parent's room, where you can
     see yourself in the mirror."
          Aunt Beth lead him by the hand into the next room and
     stood behind him with her hands on his bare shoulders as he
     gazed at the mirror.  Looking back at him was one of the
     prettiest young girls he had ever seen, with pale white skin,
     light brown hair, big blue eyes, and a cute little play
     outfit.  Tommy was thrilled at the results and turned to his
     Aunt and hugged her for all he was worth, then planted a half
     a dozen kisses all over her face as he thanked her.  "Let's go
     home then Tomi," she said, "We'll stop and get you some more
     clothes along the way."  Smiling all the while, he skipped to
     the car as his Aunt locked up the house.

          On the other side of town, his Aunt stopped at a K-Mart
     store, and Tommy was taken inside, where he was allowed to try
     on a number of dresses and outfits.  He was having a ball and
     loved modeling the clothing for his beautiful smiling Aunt and
     no one suspected that he was a boy.  When they left, his arms
     were full of packages including: 3 dresses, 3 sun-suits, an
     assortment of tops and blouses, 3 more pair of shorts, a dozen
     pair of panties, 4 training bras, a couple of slips, a set of
     petticoats and 3 pair of shoes.  Tommy didn't see the amount
     of the final bill, but knew all of this stuff must have cost
     his Aunt a FORTUNE.  He therefore, thanked, hugged and kissed
     her at every possible opportunity.  She just smiled and told
     him he was welcome.
          For the next couple of hours they drove and Tommy got
     very tired.  All the excitement at the store had drained him
     and soon he fell asleep on the front seat of the car.  He
     awoke with his head on his Aunt's lap, looking towards her
     feet.  Her skirt had ridden up from his head moving about on
     her lap, and Tommy's face was resting on a stocking covered
     but otherwise bare thigh.  He moved his cheek against the
     sheer material and sighed at the thrilling feel it gave him.
     "Awake little girl?" he heard, and a hand gently caressed his
     cheek and rolled his head back and up.  He flipped onto his
     back and smiled up at his pretty Aunt, who continued to drive
     as she smiled down at him and caressed his left shoulder.
          His Aunt told him they would be stopping in a few minutes
     to get some dinner.  They were only 30 minutes from home but
     she was tired and did not feel like cooking when she got home.
     Tommy sat upright, but stayed in the center of the seat,
     pressed up against his Aunt Beth, who continued to stroke his
     shoulders as she drove.  True to her word, she shortly pulled
     into a 'Denney's' restaurant and they went inside to eat.  The
     two sat at their table and ate a hardy meal as they talked
     about what she had planned for their upcoming month together.
     To everyone in the restaurant they were just a lovely woman
     treating her pretty niece to a dinner.
          At one point Tommy had to go to the bathroom and when he
     arose, his Aunt pulled him to her before he left the table and
     whispered in his ear, "Don't forget to use the GIRL's room,
     NOT the boy's."  Tommy blushed, because he had become so
     comfortable with the way he was dressed, he had forgotten he
     was dressed as a girl.  Had she not reminded him, he probably
     WOULD have gone into the wrong restroom.  He gave his Aunt a
     kiss for saving him, and proceeded to the restroom without in-
     cident.  Inside, he almost stood before the toilet to pee,
     when he realized that someone was in the next stall, and
     decided he better sit like girl's do, so they wouldn't think
     anything wrong.
          Back in the car, they proceeded to the apartment building
     and with arms loaded by packages went up the elevator to her
     floor.  As the elevator door opened, they were greeted by two
     young girls about Tommy's age.  "Hi, Miss Henderson," the
     girls beamed.  "Hi, girls...Oh, I'd like you to meet my niece
     Tomi, who will be staying with me for the next month while her
     parents are on vacation.  Tomi, this is Jenny and this is
     Suzie, two of my students."   "Hi girls," said Tommy and gave
     them his best smile.  "Hi Tomi," they responded also smiling,
     "We have to run, Miss Henderson or we'll be late for the mov-
     ie, but we'll stop by tomorrow, if that's OK," said Jenny.
     "That'll be fine, Jenny, I think Tomi is a little tired from
     the trip anyway, Bye, Have Fun!"  Almost as quick as his eyes
     could follow, they jumped into the elevator and were gone.
     "Cute girls," said his Aunt, "You'll probably be playing with
     them a lot."
          Inside the apartment, Tommy was shown to the guest room,
     which was to be his for the next month.  His aunt helped him
     put his new clothes away in the closet and dresser, then
     suggested that it was late and he would probably want to take
     a bath before going to bed.  Before he could answer, she
     turned and went into the bathroom and started the bath water
     running into the tub.
          When, she returned, he was standing nude in the bedroom,
     trying to find his robe in the dresser.  "Where's my robe?" he
     said "Oh, guess I forgot to buy you one," she replied somewhat
     exasperated.  "We'll get you one tomorrow as well as anything
     else I forgot," then giving him a pat on the ass, "In to the
     bath with you."  With a squeal and a giggle, he ran for the
     bathroom and dove into the warm foamy bathtub.  He laid back
     in the water and soaked for a while, relaxing and enjoying the
     feel of the bath.
          After about 10 minutes, his Aunt came into the bathroom,
     wearing a long flowing silk robe.  When she knelt beside the
     tub, Tommy could see her bare legs and thighs almost halfway
     up.  She then picked up a washcloth and soaped it, and started
     washing the makeup from his face.  After rinsing his face, she
     started working on the rest of his body and as she worked, her
     robe fell open and his eyes nearly bugged out of his head when
     he saw her large breasts bobbing about as she moved.  He could
     also see her public hair which was darker than the hair on her
     head, but not very thick, so her pussy lips were also visible.
          Seeing where the boy was looking, his Aunt said, "Oh MY!,
     and immediately closed her robe.  Then thinking for a couple
     of seconds released her robe and said, "Well it was bound to
     happen sooner or later anyway...Now it's over with."  "Did you
     like what you saw?" Aunt Beth asked.  Tommy stammered and
     stuttered since the only woman he had ever seen nude was his
     mother and only quick glimpses of her.  "Ya...Yes," he finally
     managed to say, "Ver...Very much."  "Good," said his Aunt,
     "But it is generally considered good manners for a man to
     complement a woman on her breasts."  "The...They are VERY
     nice," he replied, "May...May I touch them?"  "Well now, THAT,
     was certainly a GIANT leap into manhood; Certainly dear, you
     may touch them if you want."
          Aunt Beth stopped washing him for a minute and removed
     her robe, hanging it on the door the returned and kneeled
     beside the tub once more.  With his hand shaking, Tommy
     reached out and gently stroked his Aunt's left breast, then
     turning his body to face her lifted her right breast in his
     left and hand feeling the weight.  His small hand probed and
     stroked the soft flesh and he noticed that her nipples in-
     creased in size as he caressed the lovely woman.  She contin-
     ued washing him, but he noticed that her breathing was heavier
     and she gulped air like she was having trouble breathing.
     "Are you OK Aunt Beth, I'm not hurting you am I?"  She pulled
     his face against her breasts and stroking his head replied,
     "No dear boy, you're not hurting me, it's just...well, no
     one's touched them for quite a while."
          Tommy rubbed his face against her soft chest as she held
     him, then when his mouth was within reach, sucked her nipple
     into his mouth and nursed on it like he used to do on his
     mother's.  Beth moved into the tub with the boy and soon had
     him laying across her lap with his head cradled in her arm and
     his mouth still firmly attached to her nipple.  He continued
     to suckle and with his hand stroked the breast above the
     nipple and his Aunt just laid back and let his little mouth
     work on her while she gently stroked his entire body.  After
     a while, she transferred him to her other breast and he was
     now laying full length on top of her with his body between her
     legs.  She held him as he sucked and nibbled on her nipple and
     moaned with pleasure at the contact.
          After about ten minutes, Beth's body raised out of the
     water, and went rigid for a couple of seconds then relaxed
     back down into the warm liquid.  "Are you OK, Aunt Beth?"
     "Yes, Yes, dear one, Aunt Beth is very happy," she sighed and
     continued to stroke the small body laying on top of her.  She
     could feel his hard little cock pressing against her belly,
     and reached down and gently stroked it until his body shook
     with an orgasm, the held him to her as they both relaxed.
     After a while, she sat up and then got out of the bathtub and
     helped Tommy dry and dried herself before leading him into his
     bedroom, and tucking him nude into the big bed.  She stroked
     his forehead and kissed him on the cheek then the mouth as she
     said good night.  "Good Night, Aunt Beth, I love you," Tommy
     said softly and closed his eyes to sleep.
          During the night, Tommy awoke and went to the bathroom,
     in the hallway, he heard a moan and a cry come from his Aunt's
     bedroom.  Thinking she was hurt, he stuck his head through the
     doorway and looked inside.  Aunt Beth was laying naked on the
     bed, with one hand holding her breast while the other was
     feverishly rubbing between he widely spread legs.  She was
     covered with sweat and as he watched she arched her back
     raising her body up from the bed and gave another deep moan,
     then collapsed back onto the bed and rested.  Tommy wasn't
     sure what had happened, but she didn't look hurt, so he
     returned to bed.
          The next morning he was awakened by his Aunt's fingers
     stroking his cheek and when she saw his eyes meet her's, she
     kissed him and said, "Good Morning, Tomi; how do you feel."
     "OK, Aunt Beth, are you OK?" he replied.  "What do you mean?"
     she said, looking at his now apparently concerned face.  "Oh,
     I had to go to the bathroom last night, and heard sounds from
     your bedroom,...Like you were hurt."  "I'm fine, Tomi, but I
     guess I'm going to have to explain something to you that
     apparently your parents haven't yet...about sex."
          His Aunt then got up from the bed and removed her robe.
     Standing beside the bed and before her wide eyed nephew, she
     then proceeded to explain about the differences between men
     and women's bodies.  She ended the lesson by opening her legs
     and parting the lips of her vagina, showed him the parts of
     her womanhood and explained how sensitive various parts were,
     especially her clitoris.  She then allowed the boy to feel her
     breasts again, and explore her vaginal area with his small
     hands until she was satisfied that he understood about women's
     bodies and how they differed from his own.  She then gathered
     his naked body to hers and sitting him on her lap, gave him
     many hugs and kisses as she explained her plan for the day.
     When she was done, she took him to the kitchen, where they
     both ate breakfast au naturel, then returned to his bedroom to
     get him dressed for the day.
          Tommy was given a pair of white cotton girl's panties
     with high cut legs, a pair of white ankle socks and a pair of
     white girl's style 'Keds' were placed on his feet.  His aunt
     the put a half-slip on him and had him step into a pretty baby
     blue sundress, which she then pulled up and after placing the
     1" shoulder straps over his shoulders, buttoned the single "H"
     connecting strap, which ran horizontal just below his shoulder
     blades.  Tomi was then seated and his Aunt showed him how to
     do his own hair into the same twin pony tail style he had worn
     the day before.  This time however, the ribbons securing the
     pony tails were tied with blue ribbon to match his dress.  His
     Aunt then applied light makeup to his face and he was again
     lead to a mirror to see the results.
          For a minute or two, Tommy couldn't believe that the
     pretty girl looking back at him from the mirror was himself.
     He turned this way and that, looking at how the dress was cut
     showing almost all of his back clear down to the waist, except
     for the shoulder and "H" straps.  In front, his chest was
     bare, to just above his breasts and the dress was cut to flare
     at the waist outward to where it ended about 6" above his
     knees.  "Hi 'TOMI'," he said to the smiling girl in the
     mirror, then turned and hugged his Aunt Beth's still naked
     body and kissed her as thanks.
          Aunt Beth got dressed quickly and they proceeded down the
     elevator and out into the parking lot to her car.  As they
     were getting in, Jenny and Suzie approached and invited Tomi
     to go swimming with them that afternoon in the complex's pool.
     Aunt Beth and Tomi agreed and they would stop by around two to
     pick Tomi up and show her the way to the pool.  "I guess we'd
     better get you a swim suit too," observed his Aunt as she
     pulled the car into traffic.
          The rest of the morning was spent at the mall, going from
     store to store, with Tomi trying on outfits at every one and
     ended with them returning to the apartment, again loaded down
     with boxes and bags of clothing.  After lunch Aunt Beth told
     Tomi to try on the swimming suit to make sure it 'hid his
     little problem'.  It was a black and white bikini with a ban-
     deau top.  The bottom was black knit Lycra spandex with a
     white waist band.  When Tommy was pulling the bottom up his
     legs, his Aunt gently reached out and pushed his balls back up
     into the internal tubes of his groin, then folded his penis
     back between his legs.  The tight suit held everything in
     place and to all appearances he now had the normal crotch of
     a girl.  "That will do nicely, Tomi, but make sure you never
     undress in front of the girls or they will know you're a boy;
     you could get into a lot of trouble if that happened."
          The girls arrived in a little while still dressed and
     carrying their bathing suits.  Jenny explained their problem,
     "Miss Henderson, Mom is having a card party and doesn't want
     us in the apartment; could we change here before going down to
     the pool?"  "Sure girls, Tomi why don't you show them to your
     room, so they can change," Beth replied.  Tommy lead the way
     and ushered them into his room, as he was turning to leave,
     Suzie said, "Don't leave, Tomi, we can talk while we're chan-
     ging."
          Tommy didn't know what to do, here he was in his bedroom
     with two pretty girls who were about to undress in front of
     him and his Aunt was just down the hall.  Before he could
     mentally decide, he looked over towards Suzie and found she
     was already standing nude before him, with a broad smile on
     her face.  Jenny had removed her top and was in the process of
     taking off her panties and shorts in a single movement, with
     her back to him and bent forward so he could see her firm lit-
     tle ass and her pussy between her legs as she removed the
     garments.
          The girls talked as they undressed and then put on their
     bathing suits and told him that Jenny was 12 and Suzie 11
     years old.  They were sisters and lived three doors down the
     hall on the left with their mother who was divorced.  Jenny
     had been in Miss Henderson's class the previous year and Suzie
     would be this year.  They both liked the teacher and thought
     she was very beautiful.
          Suzie was a blue eyed little blonde haired girl, with a
     straight-as-an-arrow body.  Her breasts were just little bumps
     which looked more like a boy's except for the nipples which
     were larger and stood out just a little. Her hair was medium
     length, extending down to the tops of her shoulders and
     generally straight, except for the little flip at the ends.
     Her pussy was completely hairless, and Tommy's little dick was
     straining just at the sight of it.
          Jenny was a little bigger than Tommy, probably about an
     inch taller and her body was starting to show signs of
     development into a woman.  Her breasts were forming and stood
     out about an inch from her chest, the nipples were twice as
     large as Suzie's and her pussy had a sparse covering of dark
     brown hair.  Jenny's eyes were green and her skin milk white
     in the areas covered by her tank type swim suit.  Her hair was
     very long, reaching almost to her waist as it cascaded down
     over her back.
          The girls were now attired and taking Tommy by the hand,
     lead him back through the apartment and down to the pool.
     They played, and swam, and laid in the sun and had a great
     time, all afternoon.  Tommy only had one scare all afternoon,
     they were playing 'Tag' in the pool.  Suzie had grabbed the
     waist band of his suit bottom, and as he tried to escape, they
     were pulled halfway down his ass, exposing his tender white
     cheeks to the boys at the pool who hooted and hollered their
     approval.
          Fortunately, they did not come down far enough for his
     little pecker to be seen, and he quickly pulled them back up
     as he turned beet red in response to the boy's cat calls.
     Suzie apologized for having pulled them down gave him a hug to
     ease his embarrassment.  Tommy loved the feel of her body
     pressing against his bare flesh and stroked her back as they
     stood side-by-side following the hug, against the wall of the
     pool.  "I'm so sorry," Suzie said with tears in her eyes,
     "It's OK," replied Tomi, "they didn't get to see much anyway."
     and patted the girl on the hip.
          The next month Tommy would remember as one of the best
     and most exciting times of his life.  He, Jenny and Suzie
     became almost inseparable, spending all of their time to-
     gether, playing or going to movies, or going to the mall.  He
     got to see the girls naked many times, but they never saw
     anything below his waist.  One of the boys, named Bobby, even
     had a crush on Tomi and attempted to put his hands on her
     every time he was close enough to do so.  They had danced at
     a party at the apartment building one evening, but Tomi never
     let him get beyond kissing her and stroking whatever skin was
     left bare by her clothing.  Tomi, knew that Bobby had a per-
     petual hard-on, but was not about to take any chances.
          Tommy and his Aunt took baths together every night, and
     he soon learned how to make her climax with his hands and
     later his mouth.  She always stroked his little cock and balls
     until he came, but would never let him enter her vagina with
     his cock.  She explained to him that this would be called
     incest and was a crime as well as one of the worst sins a
     person could commit.
          The night before his parents were to return, Tommy cried,
     he didn't want to go back to being a boy and having to wear
     those terrible rough boy's clothes.  Aunt Beth tried to
     comfort him but every time she released him, he would start
     crying again and his body would tremble and shudder.  His Aunt
     held him most of the night and they slept together in her bed.
     In the morning, she told him she would try to arrange the same
     type of vacation for next year, but that was all she could do.
     Tommy returned home, happy with the vacation, but sad at
     returning to being a boy.

                   *********************************
                              
                              CHAPTER 3


                        DEPRESSION AND BEYOND

          For the next year, Tommy was continually depressed and
     even though he still got "A's" and "B's" in school, his
     parents could not understand what was wrong.  The only times
     he got excited was when he was told his Aunt Beth was going to
     visit, then returned to his previous state when she left.
     Tommy couldn't tell his parents that he hated being a boy, nor
     about the wonderful vacation he had the summer before.  His
     mother, noted that her sister seemed to be a positive influ-
     ence on his mental state and approached Beth with her con-
     cerns.  They discussed Tommy at length, and Beth explained
     that as an only child and being very small for a boy his age,
     that he didn't get along with the other boys who constantly
     picked on him.  He was therefore lonely and was at that stage
     of life where his body was feeling the effects of puberty but
     would probably "grow out of it."
          "Beth, I am very concerned about Tommy, and I am going to
     ask a very BIG favor of you and will perfectly understand if
     you say no.  Tommy seems to perk-up around you and gets back
     to a normal mental state.  Is there any chance, Tommy could
     spend the summer with you....We will pay all expenses, I
     couldn't ask you to support our son, but we must do something,
     or I'm afraid we'll have to start taking him to a psycholo-
     gist."  Both women were crying, and Beth took her older
     sister's face in her hands and replied as she stroked the
     tears from her face.  "Janet, I love your son almost as much
     as you do.  It's no imposition on me to try and help him.  If
     it's what YOU want, I'll pick him up as soon as school's out
     and keep him as long as it takes to bring him around;....I
     only hope I can help."
          As soon as Tommy was informed of the decision by his
     mother, he almost immediately snapped out of the continual
     depression and started acting his normal self.  His mother
     knew she had made the right choice from his reaction and felt
     confident that her sister could help her son.
          When the day finally arrived for his Aunt to pick him up,
     Tommy was excited about what lay ahead during the summer.  By
     the time Beth finally got there he was shaking from just the
     thought of what was to come and his cock had been hard all
     day.  When Beth arrived she hugged the boy and he smelled her
     sweet perfume, then after greeting his parents and spending an
     hour getting caught up on family gossip, they loaded his
     suitcases into the trunk and headed back to her apartment.
          Along the way, Beth pulled into a gas station and after
     checking the women's restroom to make sure it was empty, ush-
     ered her trembling nephew inside.  Locking the door, she told
     him to strip, and produced an outfit similar to the one he had
     worn for the trip the previous summer.  When he was naked, she
     measured him, and found that other than for the fact that he
     had grown an inch, now standing 5'2" he could still wear most
     of the clothes she had purchased the previous year, the skirts
     would just be a little shorter.  Beth took note, that other
     portions of his body had also grown, his erect cock was now
     almost 6" long, but still only about an inch in diameter and
     was surrounded by a light covering of light brown hair.  Other
     than his now larger cock, he still looked more like a girl
     than a boy, his skin being smooth and almost hairless.  Taking
     hold of his stiff member, she looked Tommy in the eye and said
     "We've got to get rid of this or it will bulge in your
     shorts."  She then started gently stroking him, with him
     standing before her until she felt the little jerking convul-
     sions in his cock which indicated that a climax was on it's
     way.  Without saying a word she leaned forward and sucked him
     full length into her mouth and proceeded to give the boy his
     first ever blowjob.
          Tommy couldn't believe that his beautiful Aunt was
     sucking on his cock, and loved the feel of her tongue as it
     swirled around his cock head inside her mouth.  His entire
     body shook as he came, and he almost fell with the release but
     his aunt caught him and then held him in her arms until his
     breathing returned to normal.  He had come in Aunt Beth's
     mouth and rather than her being mad as he expected, she just
     smiled and licked her lips, then kissed him on the cheek and
     told him to get dressed.  After fixing his hair and applying
     a light coat of makeup, they left the gas station and returned
     to her apartment.
          On arriving at the apartment, Aunt Beth took him to his
     room and had him strip off his clothing again.  She then sat
     down on the bed and had him stand before her as she slowly
     inspected every part of his body.  "We have a problem, Tomi,"
     she said, then continued, "you are growing hair on your legs;
     girls don't allow that to happen so we'll have to remove it."
     Tommy just said, "OK Aunt Beth, whatever you say."  Without
     further comment, she led him to the bathroom, then covered his
     entire body below the neck with 'Nair' and told him to stand
     still while the lotion worked it's 'Magic' on him.  She
     checked small patches on him periodically, then decided it was
     time to remove the lotion.  She scrubbed him with a sponge and
     as she showered him with a hand held shower attachment and
     Tommy saw that every place the sponge had been, was now hair-
     less and smooth.  This included his crotch, which now looked
     as it had when he was younger, except that his cock and balls
     looked bigger.
          When she was done, Aunt Beth turned off the shower and
     ran a full bath into the tub, adding a bubble bath to the wa-
     ter.  Tommy was then told to soak in the tub for a while and
     his Aunt left the room.  When she returned she was unclothed
     and Tommy again marveled at her big breasts and wonderful
     female body.  She got into the tub with him and gently washed
     his hair as well as every other part of his body.  All this
     contact had brought his young cock back to life and she
     giggled when she washed him there.
          After the bath, she dried him off then dusted his body
     with a sweet smelling powder.  This made his skin tingle and
     made it feel even smoother than it had before.  After drying
     herself she lead him back to the bedroom and cradled him in
     her lap as he suckled her nipples.  She then gently stroked
     his body and talked to him about what a sweet boy he was.
     That night they slept together and Tommy was treated to
     another mind-blowing climax when his Aunt sucked him off.  He
     then licked and sucked on her tasty pussy until she finally
     told him to stop, so they could get some sleep.
          The next month was a repeat of the previous summer.
     Jenny and Suzie were still there, and other than the fact that
     Jenny now sported large breasts for her age and, Suzie was
     showing signs of developing to about an "A" cup, everything
     went as before.  His Aunt added two foam pads to his bras and
     swim suits so that he also appeared to be growing small
     breasts, which made Tomi very happy.
          Aunt Beth was seeing a man named Frank about three
     evenings per week, but she never brought him to the apartment
     and he never saw her boy/girl nephew.  Tommy could tell from
     the glow about his Aunt when she came home that she and Frank
     were fucking on these nights which was confirmed in his mind
     by the fact that she would always immediately take a bath be-
     fore holding or touching him after one of her dates.
          Both Jenny and Suzie now had boyfriends and they along
     with Bobby hung around the girls like vultures.  As he had the
     previous summer, Bobby was constantly touching Tomi, which
     she/he both enjoyed and hated.  She/he disliked it only in
     that she had to be on constant guard that Bobby's hands always
     stayed above the waist, due to what might happen if he dis-
     covered him to be a boy.  At one of the parties, the girls
     threw, Tomi ended up kissing Bobby for the better part of an
     hour, to keep him occupied so that he didn't try anything
     more.
          By late July, Tomi was giving the boy hand-jobs to keep
     him satisfied and the first week of August gave her first
     blowjob.  Bobby was satisfied with this arrangement as long as
     she continued to give him relief, honoring her statement that
     she wanted to remain a virgin until she got married.  Tomi
     didn't mind giving the boy head until he started getting
     insistent, wanting her to do it two or three times per day.
     At that point, she told him to 'Go fuck himself' and refused
     to see him or be anywhere he was at.  She had actually liked
     the taste of his cock in her mouth and his cum was salty but
     good.  It was just that he got so pushy about the whole thing.
          Ever since his Aunt had started dating Frank, she no
     longer took baths with him, never allowed him to sleep in her
     bed, never stroked his cock to climax, would not allow him to
     even touch her pussy, and only occasionally would allow him to
     feel or suck her breasts.  Tommy a healthy 13 year old, had an
     almost constant hard-on and was having to relieve himself two
     or three times per day to keep the bulges out of his clothing.
     He was sitting nude in his room one afternoon performing this
     task, when like a cannon shot, Suzie charged through the door.
     "Let's go swimming!" she squealed then seeing Tommy's hard
     cock between his legs, stopped dead in her tracks.  Her eyes
     got big and her jaw dropped open, but she was unable to speak.
     She reached behind her and closed the door, then managed to
     choke out the words, "You're a BOY."
          Tommy was so startled he had stopped in mid-stroke on his
     hard cock, and had made no attempt to cover himself.  Then
     during the pause following her statement, finally managed to
     speak.  "Suzie, come over here," he said softly and released
     his grip on his still raging cock.
          The girl moved stiffly as if in a trance, but ended
     kneeling before his seated body.  Suzie listened while he ex-
     plained that, yes, he was a boy, but he liked the feel of
     girl's clothing better and how he liked to be around girls
     more than boys.  That his Aunt let him dress as a girl when he
     visited, but that he could not do it at home for fear of
     discovery.  Suzie nodded her head several times during his
     explanation and noted that by the end, her friend was trem-
     bling and shaking throughout his entire body.  She put her
     hand on his knee and leaned forward and gave him a kiss on his
     lips and whispered, "It's OK Tomi, I won't tell anyone about
     you."
          With tears streaming down his cheeks, he gathered the
     smaller girl to him and hugged her for all he was worth.  They
     remained in this cinch for quite some time, as she stroked his
     body and kissed him on the mouth, neck and shoulders; then
     rubbed her head against his chest.  Suzie then took his cock
     in her hand and gently fondled it and probed his balls as if
     to convince herself that they were real, then released him and
     stood between his outstretched legs.  In a flash, Suzie was
     standing nude in the same spot where before she was wearing
     her two piece swim suit.  Her budding breasts were topped by
     two rose colored nipples which were erect and standing out
     proudly.  Her breathing was rapid and she then took Tommy's
     hand and placed it on her belly, then moved  it downward to
     her young cunt.
          Tommy's fingers glided over her still almost hairless
     pussy lips and became wet from the juice oozing from between
     them.  He opened his fingers and allowed the lips to pass
     between them on either side of his middle finger, which he
     gently inserted into her hole.  Suzie reached out with her
     hands and placed them on his shoulders to steady herself as he
     slowly stroked his finger in and out of her, and her body
     trembled from the pleasure he was providing to it.
          After about 5 minutes of this and when her fluids were
     trickling down the insides of her thighs, she backed up a step
     and moving his legs together moved back forward and sat on his
     thighs, with her legs around them to the sides.  His hard cock
     was now pressed up against her smooth belly and after placing
     his hands on her breasts, she wrapped her arms around his neck
     and gave him a deep kiss into which it felt she put all of her
     energy and strength.  His hands massaged her tender breasts
     and stroked her back, shoulders and ass.  Suzie then raised
     herself up and using her left hand guided his cock to the
     opening of her tight little pussy.  Suzie then lowered herself
     onto the stiff meat, until she sat with her pussy lips firmly
     against his pubic area.
          They sat like that for several minutes just enjoying the
     feel of each others warm bodies pressed together and his hard
     cock encased in her tight cunt.  Tommy then lifted Suzie's ass
     as if to signal and she soon was thrusting up and down on his
     cock like she was riding a horse.  It didn't take the excited
     girl long before her body shook with an orgasm, and Tommy held
     her as the waves passed through her, then she started moving
     again.  After another 10 minutes, the young boy could hold
     back no longer and came hard into her cunt which triggered her
     again.  They collapsed interlocked back onto the chair and
     held each other for what seemed a long, long time.
          When they recovered they got up and walked holding each
     other, then sat on the bed.  Suzie promised that his secret
     was safe, but only on the condition that his cock belonged to
     her and made it clear that she intended to use it often.  This
     was fine with Tommy and after a leisurely kiss, they both
     dressed and went to the kitchen for a snack.  For some reason,
     they were both very hungry.
          For the balance of his stay, this young sex pot would
     manage to get them alone at least three times per day, some-
     times more, and either suck him, fuck him  or if her pussy was
     feeling tender, have him fuck her ass.  The latter being some-
     thing Tommy really enjoyed, since her ass was even tighter
     than her VERY tight pussy.
          On the Sunday of his last week with her, Aunt Beth broke
     devastating news to Tommy.  Frank had ask her to marry him,
     and they would be married that winter.  This was the last time
     he would ever be able to dress as Tomi and visit her.  Tommy
     broke down crying and his Aunt gathered him to her and cuddled
     him.  She then further explained why his parents had let him
     stay the summer; that the alternative was seeing a psycholo-
     gist.  He must return to being a boy; but even more important,
     he must act normal when he did so.  If he returned to the
     depression, his parents would send him to a doctor and
     eventually would find out about his cross-dressing.  This
     would get them both in serious trouble and he would probably
     never be allowed to see his Aunt Beth again.
          This psychology stuff was a real shocker to Tommy, he had
     no idea that his parents were considering any thing like that.
     He promised his Aunt, that no matter what, he would make sure
     that his parents thought he was a normal happy kid.
          The night before he was to return home, his Aunt again
     had a date with Frank.  Suzie and Jenny came to the apartment
     and as soon as they found out his Aunt was gone and would not
     return until late, they both undressed right there in the
     living room.  "I told Jenny about you this morning, Suzie ex-
     plained, and she wants you to fuck her too."  Looking at the
     two girls side by side, Jenny's tits were almost twice as
     large as Suzie's and before he could make any further compari-
     son, both leapt on top of him.  Suzie had her pussy pinning
     his head to the carpet as Jenny was sucking his cock.  He lost
     track of who was where when, but he knew he had eaten both
     girls and fucked each in all of their holes before they helped
     his exhausted body into bed.  Both girls kissed both his mouth
     and cock before leaving him to go to sleep.  He never saw them
     again.

               ************************************
                              
                              CHAPTER 4


                              HOME AGAIN


          Tommy returned home and although it took considerable
     acting on his part at times, managed to convince his parents
     that he was again a normal boy.  They thanked Beth for saving
     their son and were delighted at the news of her upcoming mar-
     riage.
          For the next couple of years, the only cross-dressing
     Tommy could manage was wearing girl's panties under his normal
     clothing at school.  His mother however, complained that he
     must be wearing underwear for 3 or 4 days because there was
     not enough of it in the laundry.  He therefore made sure that
     whether he wore it or not, at least 7 pair of underpants made
     it into the weekly wash.
          Tommy had joined the Audio/Visual Club at school since
     extra-curricular activities were pushed by school officials
     and he did not want to play on the sports teams.  One side
     benefit of this was that he worked on the stage crew in either
     sound or lighting for the theater productions the school drama
     club put on.
          He was given a full set of keys for the stage and theater
     area since the sound and lighting wiring ran all throughout
     the area.  To his delight one of the keys opened the costume
     storage rooms and makeup rooms of the school.  Unknown to him,
     several of the girls on the costume committee had seen him in
     the costume rooms fingering the many dresses and lingerie
     located there.  They never said anything to him, but told each
     other and giggled at the prospect of what this might mean.
          In High School, Tommy had not had much luck getting dates
     with girls.  He still wore his hair longer than most of the
     boys and was physically smaller (only 5'3", 100 lbs.) than
     most also.  Whenever he would ask one of the girls out, they
     would say with an incredulous look, "Go out in public with a
     sissy like you?  I'd rather die."  But during his Junior year
     all of that changed.
          Stephanie, easily the cutest girl in his class (and a
     member of the costume committee), called him one Saturday
     afternoon inviting him to a party that evening at her house.
     Her parents were away for the weekend and it would be fun.  Of
     course he accepted.
          Tommy arrived around 7 p.m., surprised to find himself
     the first to arrive.  Stephanie was ravishing in a black mini-
     dress and black suede baby-doll sandals with a four inch heel.
     The preliminaries were brief, but unnerving.
          "Take of those silly boy's clothes," she ordered.
     "There's no use pretending with me."  He stammered something
     about the other kids, but she had already started to undo his
     jeans, slipping them down his trembling thighs.  "My, my," she
     said when she stripped off his briefs, "Such marvelous curves,
     too pretty to hide."  She was looking with envy at his body.
     Tommy blushed and his cock stiffened under all the attention,
     and she used it as a handle, leading him up the carpeted
     stairs.  "Tonight," she whispered, "our little sissy is coming
     out."
          In her bedroom, soft and scented and piled deep with
     plush and lace, Stephanie left him standing naked before the
     long mirror to go to the dresser.  In a moment, she returned
     with a pair of silky panties.  "You were made to be dressed
     like a doll," she purred.  "Ken in Barbie's prettiest pant-
     ies."  Tommy gasped as she slipped the pink panties past his
     thighs, and tucked away his swollen genitals.  Before he had
     a chance to protest, Stephanie had wrestled him into a pink
     waist-cinch trimmed with ribbons.  He could hardly breathe.
     The next thing he knew, she was hooking him into a pink nylon
     foam padded bra with push-up design.  After stuffing the cups
     with scads of her scented panties, she stepped back and
     laughed.  "A pretty padded bra is a sissy's best friend.  And
     we won't tell a soul what's in the cups."  He could only hope
     not, because next she found a pair of sheer pink tap pants
     with garters sewn into the lacy spandex waist.  "I wish they
     looked half as sweet on me."  She was the most beautiful girl
     he had ever seen and started to protest, but she shushed him.
     "here," she said, pushing him back on the bed, "Let me put
     your stockings on."  They were sexy shiny stockings of pink
     nylon and, as she hooked them to his garters, he marveled at
     his reflection in the mirror.
          "You must be the cutest sissy in the world," she bragged
     and he was beginning to agree.  But before he could speak, she
     had taken a pair of pink leather high heel pumps from her
     closet and, pushing him back on the bed once again, slipped
     them on his feet.  He stood before the mirror seeing his last
     vestige of manhood disappear.  But he really didn't care.  He
     was remembering how he felt way back during those summers at
     his Aunt Beth's and enjoyed the feel of the garments on his
     body.  He wanted Stephanie to tell him again how cute he
     looked, and began to move shamelessly.  Stephanie squealed
     with delight and rushed to the closet taking down the most
     beautiful pink lace dress.  "How do you like it?"  It was
     stunning...lacy soft puffed sleeves with a gathered crepe
     bodice and three tiers of lace for the generous skirt sashed
     at the waist.  In Stephanie's dress, he felt just like a
     princess.
          Stephanie sat him down at her dressing table and started
     doing his makeup, applying a liquid foundation to his face,
     she followed this with eyeshadow, liner and mascara to his
     already almond-shaped eyes.  She then rouged his cheeks and
     painted his lips a very hot pink.  His jewelry consisted of
     pearl earrings, (She applied one to his already pierced ear,
     then pierced the other herself).  A strand of pearls around
     his neck, a little teasing of his long hair for half an hour,
     followed by a spray net and his transformation was complete.
     "Beautiful," she said patting his shoulder.  "C'mon, you can
     mix us a drink downstairs and we can waste time with giggles
     and girl-talk."
          Tommy had taken two sips from his screwdriver when the
     doorbell rang.  "Answer it," Stephanie ordered.  Tommy was
     petrified but, under his skirt it didn't show.  "Dressed like
     this?" he questioned.  "Why not?" she wanted to know.  "If
     anyone asks, you're my cousin from out of town."  He melted in
     the warmth of her smile.  Cautiously, he approached the front
     door, feeling dreadfully exposed beneath his lacy skirt.
          When he finally opened the door, in came the entire
     costume committee, five girls all his classmates (Debbie,
     Heather, Denise, Kim and Carol) they were all crowded into the
     foyer.  "Hi sissy," called Heather, laughing.  "What a pretty
     pink dress, Sissy," said Carol.  They were all taking turns
     squeezing his corseted waist and kissing his painted lips.
     For the first time in his life, other than when with Suzie and
     Jenny, he felt like he really belonged.
          Of course the party turned out to be a pajama party that
     Stephanie had invited him to, and since he had left his
     pajamas at home, the girls marched him right back up to
     Stephanie's bedroom to select for him the prettiest night
     clothes they could find.  It was Debbie a beautiful little
     blonde who finally picked out a naughty little satin and lace
     pinafore in baby blue with little matching ruffled back
     panties that tied on the side.
          The night ended as the sun came up on a new day, after
     'Tomi' had eaten all six girls and he thought fucked them all
     also (at least once), as he fell off to sleep, surrounded by
     beautiful female bodies sprawled in all directions.  He knew
     that his pretty new friends would never be far from his side
     and that he would never want to be a man again.



                              CHAPTER 5


                            A NEW MISTRESS


          The following day, Tomi was kept nude all day as the
     girls explored the extent of their control over him.  He
     served as a nude waiter for both their breakfast and lunch and
     whenever he was within one of them's reach, they fondled his
     cock and balls almost casually.  By 1:00 in the afternoon,
     Stephanie realized that Tomi had seemed depressed all day and
     thought she knew the reason why.  The other girls had gone to
     the store and they were alone in the house, so now was a good
     time to find out if she was right.
          "Tomi, come over here," she called, and as always, the
     boy complied without comment.  "Tomi, you don't seem happy
     like you were last night," she offered.  Tomi was standing
     nude before this beautiful red head with his head down and
     tears welled to the corners of his eyes, but he said nothing.
     "Tell me what the problem is, Tomi," Stephanie said as softly
     as possible yet still somewhat stern.
          In almost a whisper, Tommy replied, "I...I like being
     with you girls, but, I don't like being undressed all the
     time."  The tears started flowing down his cheeks and Stepha-
     nie stood up and hugged the smaller boy to her.  "You want to
     wear MY clothes, don't you Tomi," she whispered in his ear, as
     she gently stroked his back and sides.  "Please, yes," was all
     the boy was able to choke out.  "Oh, my poor sweet sissy, I
     should have known," Stephanie cooed to him.
          Stephanie was wearing a peasant type blouse and Tomi's
     head pressed against her breasts had worked the top downward.
     His mouth rested just above her nipples and the smell of her
     clean flesh and light perfume along with her tender stroking
     had him very excited.
          Tommy kissed her between the breasts and Stephanie
     pressed herself harder against his mouth.  She was hugging his
     trembling body to her as hard as she could and it was all he
     could manage to get his hands up to the frilly collar of her
     blouse and pull it down enough to free her breasts.  When they
     were clear, he dove on her right nipple with everything he
     had, sucking and lightly biting it, in between licks and
     flicks with his tongue.  Stephanie's pale white skin had
     little freckles scattered across her breasts her nipples were
     very dark and stood out like little cones under the ministra-
     tions of his eager mouth.  Stephanie could not believe how
     this boy's talented mouth was working over her tits and knew
     that even though he had few dates at school, SOMEONE had
     taught him how to make a woman happy.
          Stephanie, sat down in the chair behind her and pulled
     him onto her lap, cradling his head in her arm so that his
     wonderful mouth never lost contact with her breast.  As he
     suckled her breast, she continued stroking his body and
     enjoyed the feel of his smooth skin.  After a while, she
     disconnected him and had him kneel between her legs, then
     lifted her skirt and removed her panties.  "Put them on," she
     directed as she handed over her silky panties and with a broad
     smile on his face, Tommy eagerly complied.  "Now, eat my pussy
     little Sissy, eat it good and I may let you do it again."
          Stephanie's mound had a light covering of bright red
     hair, the same color as on her head.  Her lips were swollen
     and partially open from his sucking of her breasts.  When he
     parted the lips, Tommy found the inner flesh to be bright pink
     and her little clitoris stood up erect as a cock.  Her juices
     were flowing freely from her excitement, and Tommy lapped at
     her slit trying to get every drop.  His tongue flicked her
     clit and worked deep into her opening then returned to her
     clit in a continuous and frantic ballet.  Stephanie couldn't
     take much of this, the best treatment her young pussy had ever
     experienced.  Over the next 25 minutes she came 9 times and
     each time drenched his face with her flow.  Finally, she
     pulled him upright, unable to take any more for a while and
     kissed him on the mouth, tasting her own sweet juice on his
     lips.  "Oh, you darling little Sissy,...You will be spending
     a LOT of time doing THAT!"
          Stephanie then marched him to the bathroom and handed him
     a razor and told him not to come out until he was hairless
     below the neck.  Tomi smiled and gave Stephanie a kiss on the
     cheek then went into the bathroom and whistled as he removed
     the awful hair from his body.  When he emerged he was almost
     as hairless as the day he was born and after surveying the
     results, Stephanie gave her approval.
          Back in the bedroom, Stephanie handed him a pair of pink
     bikini panties, matching bra (including two foam pads) and
     garter belt with pale off-white stockings.  She watched as he
     quickly donned the garments and noted that he knew EXACTLY how
     to put them on and wear them properly.  Last night was not the
     first time this boy had dressed as a girl.  A full length slip
     followed, and was topped by a cute floral-print chiffon dress.
     It had big ruffles around the cleavage, collar and hem.  For
     accessories she chose a pink belt and a pink hat and a pair of
     black patent leather shoes.  Stephanie lead him to the
     dressing table and was going to do his makeup and hair, when
     to her amazement he did it himself and as competently as any
     girl she had ever seen.  When he was done, he was one of the
     prettiest girls she had ever seen and she knew he could go
     anywhere without detection.
          When the other girls returned, Tomi met them at the door
     all smiles and giggly.  "You did a great job on him," Debbie
     said to Stephanie, "No, he did it himself," she replied.  All
     of the girls inspected him and complemented him on how pretty
     he looked and what a good job he had done on his makeup and
     hair.  Tomi, blushed and gave each a kiss and a hug for their
     complements.  They spent the rest of they day like 7 girls,
     talking, joking, playing games, listening to records and
     having a good time.  It was as if they had forgotten that one
     was really a boy.   From that day on, Tomi/Tommy had an
     entirely new life.  Each day he would go to the stage area of
     the school whenever he was scheduled for a study hall.  One of
     the girls would meet him there and invariably he would be
     dressed in one of the many costumes the school maintained for
     their plays.  After one of the other girls caught him eating
     Stephanie's pussy in one of the dressing rooms, he soon was
     directed to eat all of them.  By then he was most times while
     dressed, ordered to provide one or more girls with sex in some
     form.  Usually he had to eat their tight little snatches, and
     sometimes they wanted to fuck either vaginally or anally.
          After school he would be told which girl's house to
     report to, and once there, either served them as a waitress
     with no panties, or would be dressed in frilly clothing to
     serve them.  The girls would always stroke his cock and balls
     whenever he was within reach, because they had decided that if
     he was hard and no one needed his cock for sex, then he must
     put on a jerk-off show for the girls present.
          The first time he was told to put on a show for the
     girls, he had refused.  Stephanie, the most dominant of the
     group, put her knee in his crotch and busted his balls pretty
     bad.  He had doubled over on the floor, and she and Debbie had
     removed his clothing, then Stephanie again demanded that he
     jerk-off for them.  When he groaned that he couldn't, Stepha-
     nie pulled his scrotum and smacked his balls hard!  Then lead-
     ing him by his balls, which she squeezed in her hand, she led
     him to the TV and told him to sit on it.
          She told him to jerk-off or she would twist his balls
     off!  He didn't respond, he was exasperated and helpless,
     Stephanie twisted, and Tommy winced, groaned, bent forward,
     shrieked, THEN he took his cock in hand and he beat it off for
     them.  He half filled a drinking cup, cumming four times.
     Then was forced to drink his own cum while the girls cheered
     him on.
          Their Senior year, Stephanie got into bondage and
     discipline, having been given some books on the subject, by
     other girls she knew.  One day she called Tommy to her in the
     back stage area and showed him a cock strap and told him she
     wanted him to wear it at all times unless she gave him
     permission to remove it.  He didn't want to do it but knew
     Stephanie would bust his balls again if he didn't.  So he let
     her put it on him, under his balls and over his cock; making
     both stick straight out.  That evening all the girls saw the
     new strap as he served refreshments to the girls and as soon
     as they had stroked him to hardness, he was ordered to dance
     for them.  His balls were shaking and jiggling as he danced
     and all of the girls watched and teased him.  When Stephanie
     tired of watching him shake his genitals, she said, "OK, now
     show us how you jerk-off!"  Which he did although red from the
     embarrassment not the sex.
          Tommy had become their sex slave, and tried to keep all
     six mistresses happy.  This was almost too much for one boy to
     accomplish as they sometimes would make conflicting demands
     upon him.  Stephanie, however, established herself as the
     primary Mistress and none of the others, ever tried to
     contradict her.
          Stephanie, would often have him come to her house, for
     one-on-one training.  She would strip him and tie his hands
     behind his back, then take a shower and have him dry her pussy
     and anus with his tongue.   She would take him for walks naked
     at night, with a leash tied to his balls and threaten to take
     him to friends houses, if he did not immediately obey her
     every command.
          She celebrated her good luck by ordering him to bend over
     a footstool and with his legs spread very wide, whipped his
     buttocks and inner thighs with a belt, making him count the
     swats.  He remained in this position while she sat behind him
     and squeezed his testicles awhile.  At other times, she would
     tie him in her dad's workshop, with his wrists bound overhead
     to a hook on a beam, and would twist a piece of plastic
     covered wire tightly around his cock to keep him erect.  Then
     attach alligator clips snapped onto the tips of his nipples,
     the teeth biting hard into his flesh.  She made him stand on
     tip toes for hours, the clips chewing into his nipples and
     amused herself by brushing his penis with a stiff brush.
          Occasionally, Stephanie would fuck his ass with a dildo,
     her older sister had given her.  When she told the other girls
     she had done this, they all wanted to see it, so that evening
     she did it in front of all the girls.  Tommy climaxed from the
     ass fucking with the dildo, and it became a daily part of the
     show thereafter.  It was only a question of which girl, with
     which dildo his backside was being plowed.
          The night of their graduation party, Stephanie took him
     to the party fully dressed as a girl, with his hands bound
     behind his back.  He was dressed in a bra, panties, garter
     belt, stockings, sheer blouse and short denim skirt.  He had
     on full makeup and Stephanie had plucked his eyebrows so that
     they were definitely female in appearance and had sprayed him
     with perfume.  She wore her older brothers clothing and when
     they arrived at the party, told the other kids that they had
     challenged one another to dress up in each other's clothing.
     Tomi had taken the switch to heart, she added pointing out his
     plucked eyebrows, shaved legs, and lifting his skirt to reveal
     his panties, garter belt and stockings.  Tommy's friends
     stared as he reddened.  Stephanie told them that he had balked
     at going to the party and that she had been forced to tie him
     up before they left.
          For the rest of the party he was teased unmercifully by
     his friends and their dates.  He was totally humiliated, and
     begged Stephanie to take him home, but they stayed the entire
     party.  Some of the boys sat beside him and asked him what it
     was like to wear girls clothing and one named Dennis even
     stroked his thigh when he thought no one was looking.
     Stephanie, however, observed it and whispered in the boy's
     ear, that Tomi would give him a blowjob if he wanted and if
     she could watch.  "Why Not!" he replied, and Tomi was lead to
     another room, the door closed and locked behind them.
          Tomi was placed on his knees and Stephanie unbuckled the
     other boy's pants and lowered them.  "Isn't she pretty,"
     Stephanie said as she stroked the boy to hardness.  "Damn near
     as good looking as you," he replied.  Stephanie then lead
     Dennis to Tomi and placed the hard 7" cock to his lips.  Tomi
     knew he had no choice so he gave Dennis the best blowjob he
     could with his hands bound behind him.  Stephanie watched with
     interest as Tomi 'deep throated' the boy and thought to
     herself that "this is not his first blowjob either."  Dennis
     came hard, but Tomi managed to swallow almost all of his cum;
     then Stephanie, who had been fingering herself throughout the
     show, ripped off her panties and forced her pussy into his
     mouth.
          Dennis watched as Tomi worked over Stephanie's fine cunt
     and while watching grew hard again.  Seeing this, Stephanie
     looked at him and said, "Fuck his ass, do it real good too."
      Dennis needed no further encouragement and soon was buried to
     the hilt in Tommy's tight ass, and stroked hard, pushing
     Tommy's face even deeper in to Stephanie's pussy.  Stephanie
     was now coming almost continuously and when Dennis shot his
     load in Tommy's ass, Tommy also came without anyone ever
     touching his dick.  They collapsed in a heap on the floor and
     when they emerged the party was over.  Both 'girls' kissed
     Dennis goodnight and he thanked them for the good time, whis-
     pering in Tommy's ear that he would never tell anyone about
     it.  Stephanie, however, made no such promise.
          On the way home, Stephanie looked over at her still bound
     passenger and said, "You had to do it sometime, if your going
     to live as a girl, AND YOU WILL BE LIVING AS A GIRL FROM HERE
     ON OUT!"

                  *********************************
                              
                              CHAPTER 6


                               COLLEGE


          Stephanie took him with her to college when she left
     after graduation, where he assumed the full-time identity and
     life of a woman.  He served as her housemaid and body servant.
     The other girls attended the same college and on weekends they
     had parties at Stephanie's apartment.  The feature attraction
     at the parties was a little brown haired slave girl named Tomi
     who had been put on hormone treatments and now had breasts
     which measured "34A" but almost filled a "B" cup bra.  Tomi
     was still smaller than the girls standing only 5'4" and 110
     lbs. and when dressed in his 'Roman slave' costume with it's
     short white skirt, tunic and sandals looked the part of a
     young girl.  His hair now reached almost to his waist in back
     and was worn straight, parted down the center of his head.
          The girls liked to assume the role of 'gladiators' and
     would tie him face down on the bed with his knees spread apart
     on the floor and then slam 7-10" strap-on dildos in and out of
     his poor young ass until he came on his own.  Occasionally,
     one of them would allow him to fuck her, but they seemed to
     prefer making love to a small thin girl rather than his man
     meat.  Stephanie, however, allowed him to fuck her almost
     every night, AFTER she tired of his talented mouth.
          At the beginning of her Sophomore year, Stephanie wanted
     to pledge a Sorority, called 'Beta Delta Omega' which the
     girls in confidence said meant "B & D Forever" and consisted
     of girls into Female Domination of men.  In order to gain
     admission, Stephanie had to present her slave to the Sorority
     at a party to be held and demonstrate her control over him.
     Tommy was not told what was going to happen only that Stepha-
     nie was taking him out for the night and that they would be
     going to a Sorority party.
          When they arrived at the house, Tomi was lead inside by
     Stephanie and found the room filled to capacity with over 100
     beautiful women.  He was lead into a large living room off the
     center entrance hall and was told to stand in the middle of
     the room.  When the door was closed behind him, the room was
     in total darkness until a powerful desk lamp was turned on,
     spotlighting him in the center of the room.  It took a few
     seconds for his eyes to adjust to the dim light and it was
     then that he realized that all of the women he had seen when
     he entered the house, now surrounded him.  The room was silent
     except for a few whispers, until one of the girls spoke from
     the darkness.
          Tomi was asked his name and told that his mistress,
     Stephanie had applied for membership in this sorority, and
     that in order for her to be accepted, HE would have to undergo
     some initiation rites.   He was asked if he wanted his
     Mistress to be accepted and if he were willing to do what was
     necessary to help her.  He responded that he was willing to do
     anything for Stephanie.  "VERY GOOD," said the voice from the
     dark, "Start by Undressing."
          Tomi suddenly became afraid, he had been nude in front of
     the six girls many times, but there were over 100 here and he
     was reluctant to show them his feminized body.  He looked at
     the girls closest to him and noted they were all holding large
     paddles and they way they were gripping them indicated to him
     that they were just looking to use them.  He quickly stripped
     down to his panties and bra and his softly rounded form and
     swelling breasts brought whispers of appreciation from some of
     the girls in the room.  When he hesitated for a second, the
     next instruction was both verbal and physical.  With what he
     was sure wall all of the power the girl could muster, one of
     the girls hit him square on the ass with her paddle, while
     another reminded him that he had been told to take off his
     clothing and that meant ALL of his clothing!
          Tomi quickly removed his bra and again heard many
     whispers of appreciation at his well formed breasts.  When he
     hesitated again, he received another hard whack on the rear
     end.  He now knew that whatever else was going to happen to
     him, he was going to have to stand naked before a room full of
     over 200 female eyes.  When his clean shaven crotch came into
     view he once again heard many whispers of admiration at the
     work Stephanie had done.  He was then told to bend over and
     spread the cheeks of his ass and turn slowly around the room,
     red from head to toe he slowly complied, just missing another
     whack with the paddle.
          The voice then told him to circle the room, facing each
     girl in the front row and presenting his genitals to her.  He
     was given a small saucer that he had to place under his
     testicles before stepping in front of each girl, allowing them
     to pull, squeeze, and probe him as they pleased.  Many of the
     girls also worked on his breasts in addition to his cock and
     balls and it was during this part of the initiation that he
     started to develop an erection.
          After each girl in the front row was finished with him,
     he was told to go back to the middle of the room and jerk off
     in time with a record that began playing on the record player.
     By now his penis was fully erect and frankly he was looking
     for some relief.  Having jerked off for the girls many times,
     this was nothing new, so he grabbed himself and to the cheers
     and clapping of the girls brought himself off in a tremendous
     climax which shook his entire body.
          At this point several more slaves were brought into the
     room and Tomi was made to suck each to a climax, swallowing
     all of their cum.  He was told that if he lost any, he would
     receive a whack for each drop lost.  Again he received cheers
     as he performed above apparent expectations.  One of the other
     slaves was then told to fuck Tomi's ass, and soon Tomi felt
     what had to be a 10" long and very thick cock working it's way
     up his ass.  He relaxed his ass and without any trouble the
     boy was buried to the hilt.  As his ass was being fucked, he
     reached out and drew the other slave back to him and sucked
     the boy's cock; this brought a resounding cheer and applause
     from the girls who had not expected such a show.
          Needless to say, Stephanie was accepted into the sorority
     and Tomi became the 'Property of the House' and had to service
     any girl at any time.  Only Stephanie, however was permitted
     to discipline him.   He lived for the next 6 years in that
     house, while Stephanie got her BA, MA, and PHD degrees.  Upon
     graduation with her doctor's degree in psychology, Stephanie
     set up practice in a town nearby and she and her housemaid
     lived together for many years.
