


                                   CHAPTER 7
       
       Saturday.  I actually had a business meeting this morning.  How 
       in heaven's name would I concentrate on business, knowing that 
       she would be waiting back at the hotel room for me?  The thought 
       ran through my mind as I drove the rental car across the 
       Minnesota River bridge on I35, heading for suburban Burnsville.
       
       I visited Ted at his home, and we spent the required time going 
       over what business we had to do with each other.  At least, I 
       think we did -- my mind was not there at the time....
       
       My mind was already back at the Sofitel Hotel, in that room with 
       Toni, in that bed with Toni.  
       
       When I returned to the room, she was dressed and waiting.  A deep 
       and passionate kiss, broken off before we lost control again.  
       "I've got to go back to the apartment and pick up some more 
       things; I packed in such a hurry last night that all I really 
       brought was jewelry and things -- I feel like an idiot!", she 
       said.
       
       So, we went back to her place, and I waited in the car while she 
       put together the clothing she'd need for today and Sunday.  Out 
       she came, bag in hand, now dressed casually.  I had bought 
       tickets to hear the St.Paul Chamber Orchestra this evening, just 
       as a surprise for her.  Actually, I was looking forward to 
       hearing them.  I had bought the tickets before ever leaving for 
       Minneapolis, on the hope that she'd be willing to go with me, 
       never dreaming that we would have just spent the entire night 
       fucking our brains out.  
       
       And, at this stage of things, at this point in time, that's what 
       it probably was for me -- fucking.  For her, it might have been 
       making love, but for me it was fucking.  Something I'd been 
       missing for a LONG time!
       
       We spent Saturday doing basically nothing.  Went to a mall to 
       explore, drove around, ate lunch.  At one point we pulled into 
       the deserted parking lot of an insurance company and necked like 
       a couple of high school kids.  We got a nervous laugh out of 
       that, and for the next couple of years we were together, we would 
       sometimes laughingly suggest to each other that we "find some 
       parking lot".

       That night we did go to the concert -- early, since I didn't 
       really know where the place was, and neither did Toni.  As 
       things turned out, we got there TOO early, in a way....
       
       We arrived at the concert hall over an hour before the concert 
       was due to start.  So early that people weren't even going into 
       the hall yet, it being a balmy Twin Cities evening.  So, we sat 
       in the car and talked.
       
       Talk gradually turned to snuggles, snuggles to kisses.  Soon, 
       there in the car, I began to cup those lovely firm breasts 
       through the dressy blouse Toni was wearing.  She had on the 
       blouse and a pair of slacks, while I was wearing a sport coat and 
       dress slacks with an open-collared shirt.  My coat was hanging on 
       a hook in the back seat of the car.
       
       Our kisses became deeper and deeper, and my hands roamed under 
       the blouse, which I had tugged from her slacks.  No bra.  
       Wonderful.  Firm tits, tight hard nipples.  Her tits were just 
       nicely a handful for me.  She leaned back as I eased the blouse 
       up over those lovely mounds and took one in my mouth.  I could 
       almost cover it with my mouth, if I opened as wide as possible.  
       Holding it in my mouth, I let my tongue flick over the nipple, 
       feeling its stiffness as I toyed with it. 
       
       Toni moaned as I sucked.  The window was down on her side of the 
       car, and people would occasionally walk past the front of the 
       car, heading for the concert hall.  We were oblivious -- Toni 
       with her blouse pushed above her breasts, me giving them cover 
       with my hands and mouth.
       
       I fumbled with the waist buttons on her slacks, and her hand 
       dropped into my lap.  She ran her palm up the bulge in the front 
       of my pants, as though she were testing the length of the 
       erection beneath.  I was rock hard, but the position and my 
       clothing restricted me.  
       
       She fumbled with my belt, just as I managed to get her slacks 
       unbuttoned.  I slid my hand into her slacks to the happy surprise 
       of -- no pantyhose!  Just tiny little string bikini panties, 
       baring covering the sparse triangle of down.  I cupped her mound, 
       my finger touching the now thoroughly wet crotch of the panties, 
       the slickness of the satin under my palm.

       "No fair", she murmured in frustration, squirming on the car 
       seat, as she fumbled with my pants.  "Me too!"  
       
       I sat more upright and waited for her to open my pants.  She ran 
       her hand in as our lips met once again, her palm cupping the huge 
       bulge in the front of my jockey briefs.  A man walking past the 
       front of the car stared as Toni freed my rock hard cock from my 
       briefs and began stroking the entire length of it.  My hand 
       returned to her crotch, and my finger disappeared into her 
       sopping pussy.
       
       "Do we have to go to the concert?", she asked.  "Let's just go 
       back to the hotel".
       
       I fired up the car and was out of the parking lot in a flash.  It 
       turned out to be maybe the longest drive of my life.  My pants 
       were still open, Toni sat beside me with her pants still open 
       and her blouse still pulled up.  My right arm was around her and 
       I could cup her right tit, rolling the nipple in my fingers.  Her 
       left hand slowly stroked my cock, pointing straight up clear past 
       my waist by this time, while her right hand occasionally went 
       into the front of her pants.  She let me watch as her middle 
       finger slowly traced a tiny circle on the satin panty crotch.
       
       When we got to the hotel, it took a minute for us to get composed 
       enough to walk across the lobby, clear to the elevator bank.  
       Once in the room, clothes flew in every direction!  I laid her on 
       her back with her long, lovely legs over my shoulders and buried 
       my cock in her sweet cunt.  SLAMMED into her, bent her almost 
       double in the effort to get every fraction of every one of those 
       seven and a half inches into her.  Her teeth were clenched as she 
       rubber her clit with the middle finger of her right hand, wetting 
       the finger with her own juices.  She reached behind me and tugged 
       at my hips, urging me deeper and deeper into her.  Her wet finger 
       slipped into my asshole, deep in.  As my hips slammed my cock in 
       and out of her, her finger ran in and out of my ass, fucking my 
       ass as my cock fucked her cunt.  Finally, as we couldn't wait 
       another second, she drove her finger all the way in while I 
       buried my cock to the hilt in her.  Her finger pressed my 
       prostate gland, and I nearly passed out as I emptied my cum into 
       her steaming box!
       
       I collapsed on top of Toni, and neither of us moved for over an 
       hour.  We dozed, my cock still inside her, her finger right at my 
       totally relaxed asshole.  Finally, we slept....
       
       
                                   CHAPTER 8
       
       Sunday morning brought a beautiful sunny day to our hotel room 
       window.  We nearly slept right through it.  This was the day I 
       had to leave for Las Vegas, and I was wondering many things....
       
       Would this turn out to be just a glorious weekend, or would it 
       somehow go on?  Would this lovely girl who had made me feel so 
       wonderful and virile again want a repeat performance somehow, 
       somewhere, or would she kiss me goodbye?
       
       I slowly awoke, aware of movement on the bed.  It was Toni.  She 
       gently kissed me, as I struggled to open my eyes.  I became aware 
       of her hand, gently caressing my cock, her teeth nibbling at my 
       nipples.  She slid lower on the bed and knelt between my legs.
       
       Oh, God!  My wife simply didn't do this!  It had been so long....
       
       I watched, as the lovely mouth that I had kissed so passionately 
       all weekend opened wide and covered the glistening head of my 
       cock.  I'm not circumsized, and the vein at the bottom on my 
       glans was drawn ever so tight by my now throbbing erection.  She 
       just covered the glans with her mouth, gently sucking, her tongue 
       brushing the vein that held my foreskin.  Long lovely hair 
       cascading down....
       
       I lay there, consumed by my emotions, which were rapidly 
       centering in one very hard place in my body.
       
       And that place was HARD!  Rock hard.  Cat couldn't scratch it 
       hard.  Toni was beginning to suck in earnest now.  She pushed 
       her hair back so I could watch, and I did.  It was almost 
       dizzying, seeing my cock being slowly engulfed by that lovely 
       mouth, the mouth that my tongue had explored so well for the last 
       couple of days.  She began to stroke my cock with her small hand 
       as her mouth went up and down, up and down, her cheeks hollowing 
       on the upstroke as she sucked harder and harder.
       
       It was as though she had no teeth.  Just softness of her lips and 
       mouth touched my cock -- amazing!  She's a small girl, and my 
       cock is huge -- six and a half inches around!  I wanted her.  
       Wanted to sink my cock deep into her again, but she wouldn't stop 
       sucking.
       
       It was becoming a real problem for me to hold back, and I tried 
       to tell her.  "Toni, you better stop.", I said.  "I can't hold 
       back much longer!"
       
       Her replies were muffled by her mouthful of my cock, and were 
       simply soft murmurs as she continued to suck, her pretty head 
       bobbing up and down, up and down.  Oh, God, it was beginning!
       
       "Toni, if you don't stop, I'm going to cum in your mouth!", I 
       was almost shouting now.  "Umm hmmm", she murmured, moving a bit 
       faster, her lips gripping my shaft even tighter.  "Do you want me 
       to cum in your mouth?"  "UMMM HMMMMM!", as her cheeks hollowed 
       deeply from the suction she created!  
       
       Then, she did something -- for the first time, then -- that I 
       never really figured out, in all the times she did it to me over 
       the times we shared.  While she never lost the rhythm of her 
       bobbing head, never relaxed the grip of her lovely lips, never 
       once eased up on her wonderful sucking of my cock, she slid her 
       tongue over the glans in some way, very lightly, barely touching 
       the skin -- an electrifying tingle shot through me, and I 
       clenched the mattress with both hands!
       
       It boiled out of me.  Huge loads of cum shot into her sucking 
       mouth.  I came so hard, I blacked out for just a split second.  
       But, I managed to raise my head to watch as Toni sucked, gently 
       squeezing my balls with her hand, rubbing my prostate with a 
       thumb, her cheeks pulling in as she tried to get every last drop 
       out of me.  Some of it ran out the corners of her lips and back 
       down my cock as I watched her Adam's apple move from her attempts 
       to swallow.  She had trouble swallowing fast enough, I gave her 
       such a huge mouthful of cum.
       
       Finally, I stopped.  Exhausted and totally drained, I reflected 
       that -- at the age of 32 -- this was the first time in my life 
       that a girl had let me cum in her mouth (hell, MADE me cum in her 
       mouth!) and swallowed every drop, without my paying for it.  She 
       LOVED it!  She actually loved sucking my cock, and had no problem 
       at all with my cumming in her mouth -- in fact, she would have 
       been disappointed if I HADN'T cum in her mouth.  This pretty, 
       young girl who had once typed my letters, done my filing, told my 
       wife what kind of wine I wanted with my dinner.
       
       Although I had to leave Toni in Minneapolis that day, I resolved 
       that -- if she wanted it -- this wouldn't end.  She wrote to me 
       at my office about a week later.  Her letter was exactly what I 
       wanted to hear.  "Please", she said; "Don't make this just a one 
       night stand."  She described in loving detail how our sex had 
       made her feel, the sensations that went through her as she sucked 
       my cock.  "I love it when you cum in my mouth; it makes me tingle 
       all over!"  "I love your mouth, your tongue on my pussy, the way 
       you get my clit to stand so you can suck it."  This, this was the 
       sweet, beautiful child (almost) about whom I had fantasized, just 
       a short while ago....
       
       Oh, yes.  This WOULD continue.


