


                                   CHAPTER 1
       
       
       Thanks hadn't been going so well in my marriage, not for several 
       years.  The tough part was that my wife apparently didn't even 
       know it.  Our sex life was almost non-existant -- maybe once 
       every three months.  I had actually stopped thinking of her in 
       sexual terms....
       
       I had tried many things.  Tried a hooker now and then, but it 
       wasn't any good -- just like putting it in a knot hole.  No 
       feeling, no emotion.  No good.
       
       Tried a couple of willing women in the business.  They were okay, 
       but just not my style.  Short-term relief.  It wasn't that the 
       sex was totally dreary, it wasn't.  But, something was missing.  
       Maybe the feeling that they were too close to peers....
       
       One day, I had picked up a copy of Playboy (or something of that 
       ilk -- can't really remember), and I was in the bathroom with it.  
       Spent a lot of time in the bathroom in those days, maybe an hour 
       after work every day.  Seemed like I just wasn't anxious to be 
       with my wife anymore at the end of the day, and the bathroom put 
       it off for a while.  Anyway, in the magazine was a picture layout 
       that struck a chord.
       
       The face looked familiar.  It wasn't anyone I knew, of course, 
       but it reminded me of a girl who had been my secretary in a 
       former position in another part of the country.  The girl in the 
       picture was posed in just panties, and the panties were clearly 
       moist -- she was turned on.  So was I.
       
       I remembered that secretary.  She had been very young when I was 
       her boss, not quite twenty -- nine years younger than I.  She had 
       been married at the time to a pleasant young guy, a sixties hippy 
       type.  I had heard that the marriage had failed, and remembered 
       not being surprised at the time, since the girl had a great work 
       ethic and clearly wanted to "get ahead" in life, have some of the 
       finer things.  Her husband was clearly not interested in that, 
       and would never be able to provide it.
       
       I had resigned my position at that company and moved to Chicago 
       with my family.  I recalled the going-away party my staff had 
       thrown for me.  One vignette stood out....

       My secretary had baked a cake for the party.  My wife and small 
       son were there, along with all the people with whom I worked in 
       the company.  The party was going along when somebody asked my 
       secretary if she was going to dish up the cake.  I think it was 
       my assistant, a nice guy named Abe, who gestured at me and said to 
       her, "Want to give him a piece?"
       
       My secretary looked at a girl friend of hers and said with a very 
       small smile, "I'd LOVE to give him a piece, wouldn't you, Liz?"  
       The two of them shared that small smile, but in retrospect I 
       think Liz realized I had overheard; she got very busy with the 
       cake right away.  When my secretary served me the piece of cake 
       that Liz had cut and dished up, she smiled sweetly....
       
       Here in my bathroom I remembered that little slice of my life, 
       and -- looking at the picture in the magazine of the girl in her 
       damp panties -- I thought very clearly about that secretary, and 
       came to a realization.  She had a crush on me back then.
       
       
                                   CHAPTER 2
       
       Her name will be Toni for purposes of this story, since it is 
       real, and she should be protected.  In fact, the friend isn't 
       Liz, either, nor was my assistant named Abe.  For the same 
       obvious reasons.  
       
       How well I now recalled every detail of Toni.  She had been 
       addicted to the style of the day, VERY short skirts.  She had 
       been blessed by an utterly fantastic set of legs, long and 
       perfectly shaped.  Attached to a cute little bottom that filled 
       those tiny mini-skirts to perfection.  Small breasts that she 
       apparently hadn't been too proud of, since she was not into 
       wearing anything tight above the waist.  
       
       Toni had been the perfect secretary.  She had worked very hard 
       for me, handled all the things that secretaries have to take care 
       of on the job.  My wife would sometimes call with her suggested 
       menu for dinner and ask Toni to find out what kind of wine I 
       wanted her to serve with it, and Toni would dutifully march in 
       to ask me.  I had been so blind that I hadn't even noticed her 
       attraction to me and her identification with my life style.  
       Naturally, I HAD seen her appearance and sparkling personality; 
       Toni could be positively radiant.
       
       As I gazed at the picture of the girl in the magazine, I mentally 
       undressed Toni.  I though of those moist panties, and thought of 
       what panties Toni would probably wear under those little skirts 
       of hers; they would be bikini panties without a doubt.  My wife 
       didn't wear sexy lingerie -- it simply didn't occur to her.  But 
       it would occur to Toni, I had no doubt of that.  And, she was 
       young enough that her panties could almost be called underpants, 
       if one stretched the point....
       
       Toni.  I hadn't regretted not pressing the issue when she had 
       made that comment at my party, but I did now.  Oh, yes.
       
       
                                   CHAPTER 3
       
       It was Fall in Long Island.  The colors of October were 
       everywhere, the beginnings of a chill in the air.  Business was 
       going very well, and we were planning our Fall sales campaigns.  
       But, there was a conference coming up in Las Vegas that I had to 
       attend.  It was important, and generally took almost a week.  
       Seeing suppliers was mostly the name of the game, and I mattered 
       to my company that I be there and really do the conference 
       justice -- I had to arrive in Las Vegas by noon on Sunday.
       
       I still did business with my old employer in Minneapolis, and 
       that business was important to my business in New York.  So, I 
       called my former assistant, who had replaced me when I left, to 
       set up a meeting with him.  Minneapolis was on the way to Las 
       Vegas, and I could simply go one day earlier, Friday instead of 
       Saturday, and stop to see him.
       
       Toni answered the phone for him.  Of course.  Maybe I had known 
       subconsciously, but it truly hadn't occurred to me that she would 
       now be his secretary.  She seemed happy as a clam to hear my 
       voice, and we shared old times for a few minutes before she put 
       me through to Abe.  I made my appointment with him for late Friday 
       afternoon, and invited he and his wife to join me for dinner 
       afterwards.  He said he'd check with his wife to see what she had 
       on her calendar, then call me back.
       
       It took about an hour, and the return phone call came.  Wasn't Abe 
       calling, though.  It was Toni.

       "Abe asked me to call to thank you for the invitation to dinner, 
       but his wife reminded him that they have relatives coming over 
       that evening, so they can't join you".  I bemoaned that with her 
       for a minute or so, saying that I really hated the thought of 
       dining alone in a city where I had lived for long enough to 
       really know the good places....
       
       "I know!  Toni, why don't YOU join me?"  I could almost feel her 
       eyes widen -- "You mean it?"  Of course I meant it.  Why didn't 
       she think about where she'd like to go, make a reservation, and 
       I'd pick her up at her place at seven o'clock on that Friday.  
       She'd LOVE to!
       
       I was ecstatic!  I could hardly concentrate on my work for the 
       remainder of the week.  Packed my clothes for the lengthy trip, 
       and prepared to go.  Checked that magazine picture of the girl in 
       her panties many times that week....
       
       Finally, the day was there.  I was off the plane in Minneapolis 
       and renting a car.  Drove to my old haunt, and went to the 
       receptionist.  She said she'd call for Abe.
       
       And, out to the reception area came Toni.  She didn't really 
       look all that much like the girl in the magazine, now that I saw 
       her for the first time in three years, but she was much as I had 
       remembered her.  Small girl with a big smile.  Cute as a button.
       
       As I followed Toni down the halls of the building to Abe's 
       office, I watched those lovely legs moving under that firm little 
       bottom, and thought that, no, I couldn't possibly be doing 
       anything more than having dinner that evening.  No way.
       
       Toni announced me at Abe's door, smiled up at me and told me 
       she'd see me later.  Coy smile, darling girl.
       
       When you're pushing middle age (at least, that's what I thought 
       of my thirty-two years of age), and a young girl (twenty-three!) 
       looks at you that way, it just makes you FEEL better!  To this 
       day, I can't remember one thing Abe and I discussed in our 
       meeting.  But, it did run long, and Toni had left before I 
       parted company with Abe and went to my hotel.
       
       It seemed as though seven o'clock would never arrive.  I picked 
       Toni up PROMPTLY at seven!  She looked adorable.  Corduroy suit 
       in light beige with a darker beige blouse (very demure, high 
       collared) under it.  Those magnificent legs on very high heels 
       that matched her outfit.  I knew basically how much Toni earned, 
       and I knew that she considered this a "special" evening -- she 
       didn't have the money for that outfit, but she had bought it 
       anyway.  It was clearly "brand new" for the occasion.
       
       We got into the car and debated where to go for dinner.  Toni 
       knew my tastes, and it became readily apparent that she almost 
       feared them.  I had told her to reserve for us at any restaurant 
       she wished, and she had obviously agonized over that.  She had 
       wound up making a reservation at the rather elegant Chinese place 
       to which she professed she only been once, and thought it was 
       "nice".  I had planned on this happening, for some reason, and I 
       had also made a reservation.  At the Wine Cellar, a VERY special 
       place that would clearly cost me a fortune.  I suggested to Toni 
       that we might be more comfortable there, since it was far smaller 
       and more intimate.  She concurred.
       
       And, the meal was exquisite.  We drank our cocktails, followed by 
       the multi-course meal for which the place was famous, accompanied 
       by several types of wine.  I had done well; Toni was nearly 
       overwhelmed.  I guess I had expected her to be....
       
       Following dinner, she clearly didn't want to call it a night.  
       So, we adjourned to the bar at a downtown hotel for nightcaps.  
       There I sat beside her on chairs drawn close together and 
       casually put my arm around her shoulders a few times.  Sound like 
       a first date in college?  That's what it felt like, too.
       
       In the car on the way back to her apartment, she didn't sit next 
       to me, but hardly sat far to the right, either.  At a stop light, 
       I once again laid my arm on the seat back behind her, and she 
       immediately slid across the seat, and snuggled up to me.  At her 
       place, I took her to her door, and started to chastely kiss her 
       good night.  I really had calculated that this was it, a nice 
       evening was over.
       
       
                                   CHAPTER 4
       
       As I moved to Toni, she placed both her arms around my neck and 
       our lips met.  Her mouth immediately opened and her tongue teased 
       my lips, which opened at once.  The chaste good night kiss became 
       a long and deep tongue-thrashing kiss that just didn't end.  Her 
       little body pressed against me from the feet up, and I knew that 
       there was no way she could not feel my cock, rising immediately 
       in spite of all the liquor we'd consumed, standing hard as a rock 
       in my suit.  Her body writhed in my arms, and my cock swelled to 
       the point of becoming uncomfortable.
       
       I eased Toni back from her apartment hallway into her apartment, 
       which had only one small lamp lit.  I pushed the door closed 
       behind me, and heard her moan softly against my mouth, our 
       tongues madly entwining.  I put my right hand somehow under her 
       embracing arm and touched the side of her face, holding her and 
       pressing our mouths together.  Then, with much trepidation (I 
       still could hardly believe this was happening), I slid my hand 
       slowly down from her face to her neck, down under her suit 
       jacket, and cupped her breast, gently massaging.
       
       It was as I had imagined.  Her breast was firm with her youth.  
       She wasn't wearing a bra, which was also not surprising for a 
       girl of her tender age, and her nipple was hard a rock.  I toyed 
       with it, gently brushing it with my finger, listening to her moan 
       against my mouth.
       
       I took my mouth from Toni's and buried my lips in her neck, 
       still massaging her breast and nipple.  I picked her up in my 
       arms, and she froze.  "NO!  Not yet!  Not the bedroom!"  I calmed 
       her.  "It's okay, Toni, we're just going to the sofa".
       
       I carried her to the sofa, and she was near tears as I lowered 
       her, still in my arms.  We curled up and picked up where we had 
       left off.  She was cradled in my left arm and my right hand was 
       running wildly over her.  Rubbing her breasts, fumbling with her 
       blouse buttons, so anxious that I couldn't open them except for 
       the top one.  Down to those magnificent legs, that tight little 
       ass, clad in the close-fitting short skirt.  The skirt was riding 
       up, and I helped it.  Opening one eye to enjoy the view as my 
       mouth slid down her neck to the now open neck of her blouse.
       
       Pantyhose, of course, but I had known that.  Under them were 
       clearly visible those bikini panties about which I had fantasized 
       so longingly.  I eased her back and caressed her on the front of 
       her pantyhose.  She opened her legs for my hand to cup her little 
       mound; it pressed up against my palm as she moaned, "I want to 
       spend tomorrow night at your hotel."
       
       "Wrong", I said.  At her startled expression, I continued, 
       "You're going to pack a little bag NOW.  Either you're spending 
       the night in MY bed, or I'm spending the night here in YOUR bed.  
       One thing's certain; I'm not waiting for tomorrow to have you, I 
       want you RIGHT NOW!"
       
       She leaped up and said she'd only be a minute, and I don't think 
       it took her even that long to reappear from her bedroom with an 
       overnight case.  A passionate kiss as I took the case from her 
       hand and led her back to the car....
       
       
                                   CHAPTER 5
       
       It wasn't far to the Sofitel Hotel, but it seemed that way.  We 
       crossed the lobby, nearly empty at this late hour, me carrying 
       Toni's case, holding her hand as though I expected her to bolt 
       and run at any moment.  But, that was the last thing on her mind.
       
       As the door to my room closed behind us, she was in my arms in a 
       flash.  I eased her out of the suit jacket as we kissed, and she 
       stepped back.  "Please....", she said, beginning to undress.  
       
       I occupied myself with getting out of my clothes, suddenly 
       feeling every year of our age difference.  I had been married for 
       over ten years to a woman who clearly wasn't even remotely 
       interested in sex, and I was doing all this from rote, 
       remembering the seductions of my college days, but not really 
       believing that I could pull it off anymore.
       
       Yet, here I was with an utterly delectable girl stepping out of 
       her half-slip, just across MY hotel room from me.  I wasn't in 
       really bad shape, but I didn't look like the twenty-three year 
       old I imagined she was used to seeing undressed....
       
       She tossed the little bikini panties onto a chair and sat on the 
       edge of the bed.  "Oh, good -- you've got a big, good body; 
       please don't laugh at me and my bony little body."
       
       Laugh?  At that body?  My wife fought an uphill battle again the 
       genes in her family, trying (but not TOO hard) to keep some 
       semblance of a good figure, and this little girl was afraid I'd 
       laugh at HER body???
       
       I climbed onto the bed with her.  "Your body isn't bony -- see 
       how it fits?", I said as I cupped the now nude breasts.  Our 
       mouths again crushed together as I lay there beside her on the 
       bed, savoring every inch of that lovely body.  The breasts that 
       didn't even flatten out as she lay there on her back.  The 
       nipples that virtually tingled under my gently brushing finger 
       tips.  The lovely legs, long and sleek.  The tight little ass 
       that had cheeks that just filled my cupping hands.
       
       As my mouth closed over a rock-hard nipple, my mind was reeling.  
       This YOUNG girl moaning and writhing on my hotel room bed was 
       worked up over ME!  Over MY mouth sucking her nipples, MY hand 
       running up the inside of her now spreading thighs toward Pleasure 
       Central!
       
       Toni had left one light on in the room, and my eyes were now 
       fully accustomed to the low light level -- what I was seeing was 
       enthralling.  My mouth was easing down from the firm breast it 
       had been sucking, over an impossibly flat tummy, lower and lower, 
       to the soft moans above my head.  I raised my head to look at 
       her.
       
       My wife had quite a bit of pubic hair, but this girl didn't look 
       even the twenty-three years old I knew her to be.  She had the 
       pussy, at least in appearance, of a thirteen year old!  She had 
       earlier replied to my complement on her hair, fixed so prettily 
       that evening, as "mousey-blond".  Wrong, but that's a girl's 
       insecurity.  That lovely little pussy was framed ever to sparsely 
       in a light down.  Mousey-blond?  Hardly.  Just peach-fuzz, 
       really.
       
       I knew Toni had been married, and had later lived with a guy for 
       a short time, but this was the pussy I had imagined when I saw 
       the girl in the magazine....
       
       Our feet were still pointing pretty much the same direction as I 
       bent to pay homage to that lovely pussy.  I traced the triangular 
       outline of the down with the tip of my tongue, barely touching.  
       I heard her little "oh, oh..." above me, as her long legs slowly 
       parted.  My hand slid up her thigh and my finger eased into her.  
       She was already wet!  It was wonderful, I mused, as my finger 
       slowly slid in and out, in and out.  

       I wanted it, oh God, I wanted it.  I wanted to lick that little 
       pussy so badly!  I had to turn now to really get my tongue 
       between those milky thighs, and I did just that.  We were now 
       lying at about a ninety degree angle on the king-size bed, my 
       mouth on her pussy, my tongue seeking the little button as my 
       finger continued its slow piston action, in and out of her.
       
       As my tongue found the nubbin hiding just above her finger-filled 
       cunt and began to caress it, I sensed her moving on the bed.  I 
       looked up, never stopping the touch of my tongue on her clit, 
       just in time to see her little hand close around my rock-hard 
       cock.  She was looking straight at it, caressing it slowly, 
       gently cupping my heavy balls, stroking the length of it.
       
       I watched, almost unbelieving, as she slowly moved closer, closed 
       her eyes, and took the end of it in her mouth.
       
       Toni is a very little girl.  She's perhaps five feet four, and 
       at the time couldn't have weighed more than a hundred pounds 
       soaking wet.  I'm six feet and over one-eighty-five.  I'm BIG in 
       many ways, not the least of which is what she was now caressing 
       with her lovely lips.  I'm seven-and-a-half inches long and six-
       and-a-half inches around when I'm in the condition this sweet 
       girl had me at this time.  As my tongue and finger worked on her 
       now sopping wet pussy, I gazed up in wonder to watch that small 
       mouth manage to open wide enough to slid slowly down over the 
       whole head of my cock.
       
       She began to slowly work her mouth in rhythm to my now thrusting 
       hips, running my cock into and out of her small mouth, her cheeks 
       hollowing on the outstroke as I felt the gentle sucking action of 
       that pretty mouth....
       
       One of her legs was now raised, and my finger was replaced by my 
       tongue, thrusting into her cunt, licking the juices madly.  I 
       slid my finger down, teasing the tight little hole below the cunt 
       I was tongue-fucking so intently, her pussy juices running freely 
       down between her legs.  To my delight, as soon as my finger made 
       its second trip around the perimeter of her tiny anus, her hips 
       lifted slightly and pushed down, burying my finger up to its 
       entire length in her oh-so-tight asshole.
       
       I had died and gone to heaven, no doubt about it!  The wife at 
       home who wouldn't even consider everyday sex as something to be 
       enjoyed, and here I was with a gorgeous girl nine years younger 
       than I, listening as she had difficulty moaning as she sucked 
       harder and harder on my now huge cock, her cheeks hollowing and 
       filling, hollowing and filling, as that cock pistoned into and 
       out of her mouth.  My finger matching the movement of her hips as 
       it fucked her in her tight, tight ass.  my mouth now sucking on 
       the little clit which was standing ready for it as my tongue 
       tried to lose itself inside her cunt.
       
       I could wait no longer.  I pulled my now throbbing cock from her 
       mouth and turned on the bed.  Her knees came up beside my hips 
       and she looked at me through eyes half closed with passion, both 
       of us breathing so hard it was difficult to get control.  My cock 
       rammed into her cunt clear to the hilt with the first stroke.
       
       I couldn't believe it!  She was so, so....
       
       Snug.  That's the word, I guess.  Snug.  Wet though she was, 
       virgin though she was not at all.  Snug.  Her cunt caressed my 
       cock like a machine as I drilled her, in and out, in and out.  My 
       face in her long hair, her face buried in my shoulder as we....
       
       Fucked.  This had little to do with making love; this was a 
       lovely, painless, ecstatic session of fucking.  Her cunt and my 
       cock redefined the word.  And when her teeth caught my shoulder 
       and her body went rigid, tidal waves rolled over me as my cock 
       leaped inside that precious cunt and fired salvo after salvo of 
       cum that must have been white-hot, deep into her.
       
       
                                   CHAPTER 6
       
       I woke at about six AM with, impossibly, a raging erection.  
       There beside me was that beautiful girl, softly asleep.  Pretty 
       hair spilling over the pillow.  The room was warm, and we had 
       gone to sleep under just the sheet, but Toni had kicked it down 
       a bit.  As I rolled into her to snuggle, her hips, with a life 
       all their own, arched back into me, my hard cock sliding between 
       her legs.  She made little awakening noises and her hips began 
       their own movement, pumping back as she arched her back.  
       
       My God, she was wet!  I reached around her and found her nipples 
       hard as rock, and my cock slid into her again.  Now, from the 
       back, both of us lying on our sides, I once again took her.
       
       I've enjoyed that position ever since, really.  She was now bent 
       almost double, and I could watch my cock playing hide and seek 
       with that lovely cunt, sliding effortlessly in and out, in and 
       out, until....  I thrust hard into her, eliciting the tiniest of 
       whimpers, and came.  And came.  And came....
       
       It was twenty years ago, and I remember it as though it were 
       yesterday.  The images are crystal clear.  The sight of her, the 
       sweet aroma of her, the feel of her.  The first night with Toni 
       was hardly the last night.  She didn't want it that way, and I 
       wasn't about to let go easily.  The following chapters of this 
       story will tell about the other times, beginning with the 
       following day.
       
       By the way, Event Horizons has a picture of Toni, taken even 
       before these events happened.  It's a very old one, and they used 
       to label it "Teen.gif".  She's wearing the pigtails I came to 
       adore, and the sweet sexy smile I loved so dearly.  I don't know 
       if she was really a teenager when the picture was taken, and I 
       have no idea how the picture came to be, but -- there it is....


