Copyright © 1998,    Dastardly Dave.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing DastardlyDave@mrdouble.com.







Tonya - Part 1 - By Dastardly Dave

Tonya was sitting on the floor of my office, as usual.  Her delicate pink tongue was clenched between her teeth and her long brown hair swayed gently as she concentrated on her drawing.  She usually wore pants or shorts, but since she had turned twelve recently, she had taken to wearing skirts and dresses more.  I liked it.

Tonya is the daughter of one of my technicians. He was divorced and had been through a lot of drug and alcohol problems - but was working hard to get straight.  After an absence of four years, he had returned to his daughter's life, was paying his back child support and could therefore enjoy time with her again.  I tried to keep his time with her free, but unfortunately, our work was backed up so he was pulling a lot of overtime.  When this happened, he brought Tonya to work with him.  After a short period of shyness, Tonya had taken a shine to me, calling me her 'Uncle Dave' and always greeting me with a hug and kiss.  She now habitually camped out in my office when her father was working in the shop or out on a call.

As I said, the day our adventure in sensuality began, Tonya was sitting on the floor in my office doing a charcoal sketch.  Working on my computer, I could see her out of the corner of my eye.  I was distracted by a flash of white and glanced at her.

My eyes widened when I realized she had lifted her knees do she could rest a drawing pad on them.  The little girl did not realize she was now showing me her panty-clad crotch in all its glory.  Instant hard-on!  I was surprised, since as an adult I had always enjoyed the innocent beauty of little girls without ever having an erotic thought about them.  But seeing her cotton panties stretched tightly across her tiny slit brought back fond memories of my childhood and the numerous encounters I had then with little girls.  Panty-watching had been a hobby since I was ten years old and I'd had much success in seducing the little darlings to allow me to dabble in their underwear and even more. 

Taking care not to get caught, I continued to watch Tonya's little pussy shifting back and forth in her panties as she worked.  The telephone rang and I reached for it, but Tommy, Tonya's dad, answered, so I went back to my observations.

A few moments later Tommy came in.  "Dave, that was AdLan on the phone.  Their P-437 is down.  It sounds like either the KX-140 processor or the clutch assembly.  The KX-140 is a five minute replace but if it's the clutch it'll take all night.  My problem is Tonya's mom is out of town until Friday and AdLan's up against a deadline and needs the equipment back up immediately.  They won't let Tonya into the facility because of insurance or some shit.  If it's the clutch I won't be back until way after midnight, so I don't know what to do."

Tonya had lowered her legs to the floor when her father entered and was listening intently.  "Well," I said, "If it's the processsor there's no problem.  If it's the clutch, call me and I'll take Tonya home with me. I've got a guest room where she can sleep and one of my t-shirts will work for her to sleep in.  I'll bring her back in to work in the morning.  Will that work?"

"I don't know," he replied, looking at his daughter. "Honey, would you mind sleeping over at Uncle Dave's tonight of I can't get back?"

"I'd LOVE IT!" she cried with girlish enthusiasm.  "I'll make Uncle Dave get some movies and junk food and and we'll veg out in front of the television."  She jumped up, ran across and plopped down in my lap, throwing her arm around my neck.  I grunted as her skirted behind came down on my still rampant cock.  Her soft asscheeks enveloped my dick, almost causing me to groan in pleasure.

"Sounds like a plan to me," I said.  "You go on, Tommy, we'll be fine.  Take the cellular so you can let us know the status."  

Tommy picked up his tools and supplies and hustled out the door.  The little bundle of joy in my lap squirmed her behind, causing my prick to become even harder.  I almost wanted to push her off my lap.  Almost.

"OK, Uncle Dave, what kind of movies can we rent?  Can we get some 'R' rated ones?  I never get to see those."

"Now why would you want to see 'R' movies?" I asked with a grin.

She blushed prettily and softly said, "Y'know why."

"No, why?"

Shivers went through me when she whispered in my ear, "Cause they have naked people in them."  She buried her face in my shoulder in embarrassment.

"You want to see naked people?  Why?"

"Cause I never have, silly.  I wnat to know what they look like and, well, I, uh, want to know about, uh..."

"Go ahead, spit it out."

"I want to know about SEX!" she hissed in my ear, her face turning bright red.

"Tonya Gail!" I said reprovingly, "Aren't you a little young for that?"

She leaned away from me, turned and looked me directly in the eye and said, "If so, then why were you looking up my dress at my panties and why is your thing all hard under my butt right now?"

BUSTED!  I stammered and sputtered.  She grinned and slid off my lap, reaching down and squeezing my rigid tool as she left.  Then she leaned in with one hand on each leg and said, "I want to learn about sex and I want you to teach me.  I trust you and know you won't hurt me.  Don't say anything now, but I bet I can convince you."  Then she moved closer and I felt her delicate lips touch mine.  I thought I had been burned by fire.

I was flabbergasted!  She bounced out of the office and I let out a huge sigh of relief.  "Boy, you better watch out or you're going to put your dick in a wringer!" I told myself.

I went back to my computer work and a few minutes later, Tonya returned drinking a coke.  Acting as if nothing had happened, she sat on the floor again.  She raised her knees again slightly and she caught my eyes flicking over, but she kept them low enough to obscure my view.  She smiled slightly and continued to work.  I kept expecting to see the flash of white again, but was disappointed, though my eyes strayed to try to catch a glimpse often.  Once again I looked at her and she caught me.  She stared at me boldly.

"Uncle Dave, you nasty man.  Are these what you are trying to see?"

I looked up into her laughing face to see her holding a precious pair of white panties up for me to see.  The little vixen had taken her panties off when she was out of the room!

"You wanted to see them, so I decided to let you have a good look.  Or maybe you'd rather look at this!"

I gasped as she raised her knees and parted them slowly, achingly revealing the most beautiful little hairless pussy I had seen in years.  She reached down and spread the tiny split open, showing me the hot pink flesh within.

"Y'see I want you to teach me about sex because because I get so itchy here and I don't know what to do to stop it.  I rub it all the time but it just doesn't seem to help.  Sometimes when I see a cute guy it gets all wet and squishy and I have to go rub it, but it always seems like I'm trying to get to a special place and I just can't get there!"

Blood was pounding in my temples like a freight train and my cock again strained to be released as I watched this preteen sweetheart sliding her fingers up and down her pussy, sighing softly as her passion-hooded eyes remained locked with mine.

"My mom brings guys home sometimes and I figured out a way to watch them, but it's always dark and I can't see very well.  I don't understand some of the things they do and I want to know about'em.  Please, Uncle Dave, do you think you could teach me, pleeeease?"

I was considering the pros and cons logically, but the more I watched the child stimulate her slit, the less logic I was capable of.  "Please, Uncle Dave!" she cried in frustration as her tiny digits, gleaming with her juices, slid up and down her crack.

Losing all sense, I raised my arms to her, inviting her in.  She scrambled up and again sat in my lap, hugging me tightly.  I gently took her chin and turned her face up.  Her lovely bow-shaped lips invited me and I accepted, placing my lips against hers.  She sighed and melted into me.  My tongue snaked out to knock at her door and she opened, engulfing my tongue in her hot, sweet mouth. Our tasters performed a mad mating dance, moving from her mouth back to mine.  Finally, acknowledging the need for oxygen, we broke apart.

"WOW! Uncle Dave, that was AWESOME!  Was that a French Kiss?"  I nodded.  "See, you're teaching me already.  That was my first real kiss from a guy!"

"I'm honored, darling.  Now about this teaching, there are several ways to go.  One is for you to ask questions and I'll answer as best I can.  Another is to show you pictures of people doing things together and explain what they are doing.  Another is for me to tell you how to pleasure yourself so you can get to that 'special place'.  And finally, I can teach you by us actually doing things together.  I think you are ready for any of the first three, but I'm not sure about the last."

She considered this thoughtfully and then said, "OK, I understand.  Why don't we take them in order and just see?  I'll ask questions first, then you can show me some pictures, OK?"

"Sure thing, babygirl.  You can ask me anything, but first I want to get some things clear.  First, I have to have your solemn promise that whatever we do is between us.  Girls your age aren't supposed to be doing ANYTHING sexual with an adult - talking, looking or doing.  If you tell anyone I can go to jail for a long time as a child molester - and most molesters are killed in prison by other prisoners.  I would love to teach you but I don't want to die for it!"  She looked scared and shook her head vigorously.  Second, I want you to understand that YOU are completely in control.  We'll take this as far as you want to go, but at any time all you have to do is say 'Stop' and it stops - period.  There is no way I want you to do anything you do not want to do.  To make sure of this, before we do something, I want you to specifically ask to do it, OK?  That way you are making the decisions, not just going along with what I want to do.  Agreed?"

"Sounds PERFECT to me!" she said as she hopped out of my lap.  She turned and sat back down, straddling my legs.  I groaned softly as she lowered that sweet pussy down on my throbbing rod.  She settled herself comfortably and continued, "And BOY do I have some questions!"

"WHOA, settle down!  First I have to know some things.  Tell me what you think you know about sex and anything sexual you have done with anyone else.  Then I'll know what to tell you about, OK?"

"'Kay! Let's see...  I know boys have a thing between their legs and girls don't.  A boy's thing can get hard.  When a boy and girl get naked together they rub their privates together to make a baby. Boy's like to look up girl's dresses, just like you!  It feels good for a girl to rub herself down there, and... uh... I can't remember anything else."

"That's very good.  Now, have you done anything with anyone else?  Have you ever showed your pussy to anyone else?"

"Weeeellll, one night we were having a slumber party at my friend Rachel's house.  After her parents went to bed we got to talking about sex.  That's when I learned it feels good to rub yourself.  Rachel was already doing it and showed us how."

"Tell me about that."

"We didn't believe her when she told us.  She said that if you reach in your panties and rub yourself it would feel really, really good, so we all tried it.  First, Rachel took off her nightie and showed us her breasts.  Then she slid her panties off and lay back on the bed.  I mean we were all like SHOCKED!  Her face was real red as she spread her legs and let us see her, uh, pussy? all wide open. (I nodded at her hesitation... this kid caught on quick!)  She spread herself, uh, pussy, open with her fingers and started rubbing.  We all watched and some of us touched ourselves.  She started breathing harder and rubbing faster, making her pussy like real red, y'know?  I couldn't believe it when she stuck her finger up inside herself!  She ran it in and out over and over, grunting like crazy.  Then she let out a tight scream, biting into a pillow, and her face and chest got even redder.  I was starting to get worried when she finally rested with a big smile on her face.  What was really weird was right at the last she acted like somebody was calling her.  She kept saying 'I'm coming, I'm coming.'  Made no sense to me but I liked what I was feeling by rubbing my pussy.  (I struggled to hold back my laughter... I did not want to hurt my darling's feelings.)
    Most of the girls had lain back on the bed or floor and were rubbing themselves.  I was still sitting up with my hand in my panties, looking at Rachel.  I was the only one who saw her reach back down to her pussy and scoop up some of the juice.  She looked at me and smiled, then licked her fingers!  I couldn't like believe it, y'know?  Anyway, a few minutes later she moved over close to me and whispered, 'I bet you taste delicious, too!'  I wondered what she meant and what she was going to do, but just then we heard Rachel's father coming down the hall.  There was like a mad scramble to get into bed - especially Rachel, since she was still naked.  
   Rachel's dad knocked, then opened the door and stuck his head in, one hand covering his eyes.  'Okay, girls, lights out - it's after midnight.  It's really cold tonight so I'm going to leave the door open so the heat from the fireplace can get in.  We don't need any 'kidsicles', y'know.'
   After that everyone was afraid to do anything and we went to sleep.  The next morning Rachel's dad took us all home in his van.  Rachel sat next to me in the very back.  I felt her hand on my leg and looked at her.  I gasped as her hand moved higher, on up until it was under my skirt and brushing my panties.  It felt like an electric shock and I felt myself get wet.  I was afraid I had peed.  Looking straight into my eyes, she pulled my panties to one side and touched my pussy.  I thought I was on fire!  She ran her fingers up and down lightly a few times, then I felt a finger slide down and in.  She had her finger almost in my pussy!!!  She swirled the tip around at the entrance to my, uh, pussy hole, and I almost DIED it felt so good!  Then her dad started slowing down to let one of the girls out and Rachel took her hand out from between my legs.  She held up her finger for me to see, then put it in her mouth!  'Mmmmmmm,' she said, 'I was right!  You are delicious!'.  We haven't had another sleepover since."

My voice was raspy as I asked, "How old did you say Rachel is?"

"She's twelve like me, but this was last year when we were eleven."

"Well, was she right?"

"Right about what?"

"Are you delicious?  Do you like the taste of your pussy?"

"I, uh, how did, uh..." Tonya stammered.

"After what she said and did, I just bet you tasted it yourself to see."

"Well, you're right, Mr. Smartypants!  After that night I started playing with my pussy and yes, I did taste it.  In fact I do it a lot and I like it.  It seems to make me want to rub even harder when I lick my fingers!"

"There is a reason for that, but go on... is that the only thing you've done besides watch your mom?"

"Well, a few months ago I was riding the bus downtown to see my aunt and I saw a man trying to look up my skirt.  Without letting him know I knew, I turned on the seat and put one foot under me.  My skirt rode up a little and I saw him raise in his seat to see better.  I guess it was hard, cause he seemed to be in a strain and dropped back down, looking disappointed.  I had my backpack with me so I put it on the floor in front of me.  He watched me curiously, then his eyes lit up when I pulled out a book to read and put my feet up on the backpack.  That gave him, like, a good view, y'know?  So anyway, I acted like I was reading while he looked at my panties.  He was so intent, I could peek over the book without him realizing.  He put his hand in his lap and started squeezing his thing, I guess.
   I reached down and scratched my thigh, which raised my skirt even more, but then I scratched on up to my thigh to my panties.  I ran my finger under the legband like it was hurting and stretched it out.  That made the other side pull in and it slipped into my pussy, showing half of it.  His eyes nearly popped out and he glanced up at me.  I was able to fool him again and his eyes dropped back down.  I hooked a finger in that side of my panties and pulled them out of my crack, showing him my whole pussy for a second.  I heard him gasp and he squeezed his thing more and started moving his hand.  I left my hand there and started idly running my thumb up and down.  Then I started using my finger, pressing my panties into the crack again.  He glanced up several times, but I was quicker.  Finally, I quickly pulled my panties to the side and slipped my fingers in my crack and began rubbing.  He glanced back up again and this time found me smiling at him.  He grinned back and kept rubbing his thing.  He went faster and faster and then I held my pussy open with one hand for him to see and took the one I had been rubbing myself with and put it in my mouth.  I got scared because his eyes rolled up and he groaned softly, finally stopping his rubbing.
   A few minutes later we were coming to his stop and got up.  He smiled down at me and said, 'Thank you, my dear.  May I be permitted to have a taste?'  I nodded and stood up with my legs apart and said, 'Get it yourself.'  He reached between my legs way back and dragged his finger forward.  I even felt it go across my behind!  He started to run his finger into me, but I jerked, so he brought his finger out.  It was wet and shiny.  He looked at it, smelled it and closed his eyes, then put it in his mouth.  He must have liked it a lot.  He reached in his pocket, then put his hand in my sweater pocket.  I smiled and waved at him as he got off the bus, still sucking on his finger.  Later I remembered to look in my pocket and there were five twenty dollar bills!  I guess he thought I was delicious, TOO!" she giggled.

"Why did you do that with him?"

"Before he got on I was by myself and was playing with my pussy.  Then when I saw him looking up my skirt I got all... shivery I guess and felt like being naughty.  I played with my pussy again after he got off and that's the closest I've ever gotten to that 'special place' - but we got to my stop too soon!"

"That was quite an adventure.  Have you done anything else?"

"Just watch my mom with her guys."

"Tell me about that."

"Okay.  Sometimes mom invites a guy over for dinner or to watch a video and I always have to go to bed before he leaves. One night something woke me up and I heard noises from my mom's room.  I went to check and eased her door open.  It was dark and I could only see shadows, but I could tell she had somebody with her.  It looked like he was behind her on the bed and was bumping into her over and over.  I was kinda like, scared, y'know?  But I heard mom saying stuff like, 'Yes, yes, do me, harder, harder!', so I figured she was okay.  Then it was funny, cause mom and the guy both did just like Rachel, hollering that they were coming when nobody was calling them.  Then they stopped and I ran back to my room.  The next day I figured out that the back wall of my closet was across from mom's bed.  I found a dark spot in the wallpaper and punched a little hole in it, then went back and cleaned out my closet to I could get to the hole without making noise.  Now it works great!  I can see in mom's room whenever she's with a guy - but it's so dark I don't understand what I'm seeing.  I can't tell what they are doing."

"How many times have you watched?"

"Bunches and bunches!  Every time she has a guy over unless I fall asleep."

"Is that everything you've done?"

"Yeah, except for showing you my pussy while ago."

"What made you decide to do that?"

"I want to know about sex and I need somebody to teach me.  Most of what my friends say about it doesn't make sense and none of them have really done much, except maybe Rachel.  My mom and dad both like you a lot and I love you.  I knew you liked me cause I've seen you looking at my behind and noticing my boobs since they started growing.  I knew you would be gentle and understanding and that you wouldn't tell my mom or dad, even if you didn't want to be my teacher."  She put her arms around my neck and touched her forehead to mine.  I could see tears of frustration well up in her beautiful violet eyes. "Uncle Dave, if you don't want to teach me all about sex, could you at least teach me how to get to that 'special place'?  I really, really need to get there!"

"Oh, sweetheart, of course I'll teach you.  It's the most wonderful thing that's happened to me in years!  When I was a boy I taught a lot of little girls about sex, and some of them knew less than you!  I'll teach you anything you want to know.  Now do you have any questions or do you want to wait and see if I answer them?"

"I've got a lotta questions, but go ahead."

"Okay, first some terms.  What you call getting to that 'Special Place' is called an orgasm or climaxing.  That's the technical term.  Most people call it "cumming", so what you heard was Rachel, your mom and the guy saying they were reaching orgasm, or cumming. See?"

"Oh, yeah, okay, cumming."

"Now when a guy cums, juice shoots out of his 'thing'.  That's called 'cum'.  When a girl cums, her pussy gets very wet and that juice is called 'cum', too.  Girl-cum and boy-cum, get it?"  She nodded.  I continued, "A guy's 'thing' is called a penis, just like the real name for your pussy is 'vagina', but most people don't use those words.  A penis is sometimes called a 'cock', a 'dick' or a 'prick'.  The vagina is called a pussy, cunt, slit or gash.  I'll tell you about the individual parts later.  When you saw the guy behind your mom here's what was happening.  She was up on her hands and knees with her legs spread.  The guy's cock was hard and he was sliding it in and out of her pussy.  The hole in your pussy goes way up in you and that's where the dick goes in and out.  That's called 'sexual intercourse' but most people call it 'fucking' or 'screwing' or 'making love'.  What Rachel did is called 'fingerfucking' since she was fucking herself with her fingers."

"Duh! I've heard 'fucking' before but didn't know what it meant.  One time it looked like the guy had his head in mom's lap.  What was that about?"

"That's one of the most wonderful parts of what is called 'oral sex'.  The guy gets between the girl's legs and kisses her pussy."

"REALLY???" she interrupted.

"Yes, at the top of your slit is a little bump called the 'clitoris'.  It's very sensitive and it feels really great to a girl when someone licks it.  So the guy licks the clit and all around the pussy and sticks his tongue up into her pussy until she cums in his mouth.  Most guys love to eat pussy and swallow a girl's cum.  That's why Rachel and the guy on the bus said you were delicious."

"And when mom had her head in his lap?"

"She was returning the favor.  Guys love it when girls lick and suck on their cocks.  It's called a 'blowjob' or giving head', though that applies to both cuntlicking and cocksucking."

"I heard somebody called a cocksucker once.  Well, what about when he was on top of her backwards?"

"They were eating each other at the same time.  One gets on top with their face in the other's crotch and lowers their crotch down to the face of the other.  This is great because you give and receive pleasure at the same time."

"Why was he telling mom to swallow?"

"When a guy cums, it's very special if the girl lets him cum in her mouth and then swallows the cum, plus the motions of the throat swallowing feel very good and make the guy cum even harder."

"What does it taste like?"

"Doesn't have much taste, just a little salty and sometimes a bit bitter.  Most girls I know love it for some reason.  I knew one little girl that would only let you eat her pussy if you came in her mouth first.  She loved it.  I ate her pussy while she sucked off four other guys and swallowed their cum.  Every time she did, she came too and I ate her cum till I thought I was gonna bust!  She never wanted to fuck because she said it would be a waste of good cum."

"So you've tasted yourself, too?"

"Yep, I sure have."

"Where does the cum go when you fuck?"

"The guy shoots it deep in your pussy.  See fucking is to make babies.  When a guy cums in a pussy, if it's just the right time, the girl can get pregnant if no birth control is used.  Have you had your first period yet?"

"Nope.  Mom told me about that and I'm not looking forward to it."

"Well, the reason you get a period is that your body every month gets ready to get pregnant.  Then if you don't get pregnant, it has to clean itself so it can get ready again next month.  But you cannot get pregnant until after you start your periods."

"OH, GOODY!  I can't WAIT to fuck!"

"Hold on, slow down there.  There's some things you need to know.  First, after your period starts, if you decide to fuck, you've got to promise me you'll use protection.  You're just a kid and you don't need to be having a baby yet.  There's a thing called a 'comdom' or 'rubber' that a guy puts on his dick.  It catches all the cum and keeps you from getting pregnant.  There are also birth control pills you can take every day.  There other methods, too, but I'll cover those as we come to them.  Now, have you ever put anything inside your pussy?"

"I've put my finger in a little ways, but it's like there's something blocking it."

"Okay, then the first time you get fucked, or the first time you put something further up your pussy, it will break what is called the 'hymen' or 'maidenhead' or 'cherry'.  That's a little flap of skin that protects you when you are a baby.  It keeps stuff from getting inside you and making you sick.  That has to be broken before a dick can get all the way in.  Most people call it getting your cherry popoped."

"Doesn't that hurt?"

"Yes, dear, it hurts a little.  Some girls hardly feel it and others do, but it has to be done if you want to fuck.  It causes a little bleeding the first time.  But after that it's wonderful!  I popped a lot of cherries when I was a boy and it never was too bad for the girl and they all loved getting fucked from then on."

"How old were you the first time you fucked a girl?"

"Uh, well, I started young.  I was ten."

"REALLY?  Tell me about it."

"Well, the kids in the neighborhood had built a really cool treehouse.  There was a movie out then called 'A Swiss Family Robinson' about people stranded on an island and they built a treehouse to keep away from the animals on the ground.  So we built this really great treehouse and everyone played in it.  Usually you could tell by the ladder rattling when someone was climbing up.  Then I went to another movie, 'Robin Hood' and saw how they swung through the trees on vines and I remembered Tarzan doing it, too.  So I got some ropes and put them in the trees.  After some practice, I could grab a rope outside my bedroom window, swing over to one tree, then grab another one there and swing into the treehouse, never touching the ground.  It was neat!
   I hadn't shown it to my friends yet, so one day I swung from my house over to the first tree and could see some movement in the third level up part of the treehouse - we had five different levels.  The third level we planned to camp out in and had scrounged a bunch of old sofa and chair cushions to sleep on.  I grabbed the rope at the right place to arrive on the third level and swung out.  I lightly landed on the deck intending to shout 'TA-DA!'.  I got 'TA' out and then looked into the shocked face of Susie Jameson, a cute 12 year old from down the street.  Time stood still as I gazed at her naked body lying back on the cushions with her legs spread widely.  Her hands were in her crotch rubbing until she recovered from the shock and scrambled to cover herself.  She began to cry.  'Where did you come from? she sniffed.  "I didn't hear the ladder rattle.'  I told her how I had arrived and asked, 'Why are you crying, Susie?  What were you doing?'  She told me she was making herself feel good, then started begging me not to tell anyone.  She said she would do anything I wanted if I promised not to tell.  I promised, of course.  
   I asked if I could see her naked again.  She smiled shyly and said only if I took my clothes off, too.  Being summer, it was t-shirt, shorts, briefs and sandals and they were gone in an instant.  When I looked back up she was uncovered and was spreading her legs again.  Her pussy was shiny and red, kinda puffed out.  I asked if I could look at her pussy closer.  She said to lie down on the cushions.  I did, my dick the hardest it had ever been.  I looked down at it bouncing upright.  Then she straddled my head, saying, 'You can touch me if you want.'  Boy, did I want!
   I watched entranced as her pussy lowered over my face.  I was staring directly into the first pussy I had ever seen.  I ran my fingers gently across the soft pink mound, then down the crease.  It was slick and wet.  I could smell her pussy now and it aroused me even further.  I was thoroughly enjoying myself when it reached a whole new dimension.  I could feel her hair brushing my dick as she examined me, but then, joy of joys, I felt her twelve-year-old mouth envelope my ten-year-old cock!  I thought I would DIE!  She ran her mouth down my dick, then opened wider and took in my balls, too.  My head was swimming with pleasure.  On every downstroke of her mouth on my cock, her knees seemed to spread, bringing her sweet-smelling cunt closer and closer to my face.  I don't know why - instinct, I guess - it struck me to slide my tongue into her crack and swipe her from front all the way back across her bottomhole.  She shivered and took her mouth off my tingling dick long enough to say, 'Oh, yeah, Davey, lick my pussy! Please eat my pussy!'  I reached up and spread her open, flashing my tongue all around.  She scooted down a little and said, 'Lick my clittie, yeah, lick my clittie!'  I didn't know what that was, but I figured it might be the litle bump she was dragging across my tongue.
   We sucked and licked on each other for a while, then she got kinda frantic.  She pulled her pussy away from my face and turned around.  'I'm gonna fuck you, Davey!  I want your dick inside my hot little hole.  C'mon Davey, bust my cherry!'  I, of course had no idea what she was talking about, so I let her lead.  I felt the hot slickness of her pussy as she grabbed my dick and slid it back and forth in her sopping valley.  Then she stopped and lowered herself on my dick.  I felt the head pop into her as she said, 'Oh Yesssssssss!'
   She came down until the head of my dick hit something.  She grunted and looked down at me.  'That's my cherry, Davey.  Once your dick goes through, we won't be virgins anymore.  Are you ready?'  I was ready for anything and nodded.  She moved up and down a few times, letting my dick almost out, then back down till I hit her cherry.  Then she stopped on the upstroke and counted down, 'Three, two, one, NOW!'  She dropped on my cock and I felt something tear and my dick plunged all the way into her. I saw tears come to her eyes and she said, 'OUCH! Ooooo, ooooo, that smarts!  Be still a minute!"  I froze.  She rested a few moments, then slowly moved up and down.  I was loving the hot, oily wetness engulfing my dick.  She began moving faster and moaning softly, 'Oh, yes, your dick feels so good in my little pussy!  I LOVE IT!  I LOVE FUCKING!'  As she rode me I saw her peach-sized breasts bobbing.  Without really knowing why, I reached up and grabbed the nipples between my fingers, pinching them softly.  This seemed to stimulate her even further.
   'Yes, pinch my nipples, harder, oh that's so good.  You're gonna make me come... Oh yes I wanna cum with your dick in my hot little pussy,  yeah, yeah, here it cuuuuuuuummmmmmmssssss!'  She thrashed on me, her pussy a fireball sucking my dick.  When her frenzy peaked, I felt a stirring in my little balls and then the best feeling I had ever had came over me as I reached orgasm for the first time.  I didn't know what was gonna happen and didn't care.  Suddenly I felt a blast of fluid spurt from me into her ravaged cunt as her spasms ended and she collapsed on my chest.  She was exhausted and I cuddled her on my chest, instinctively stroking her hair and back.
   Finally she stirred, lifting her head and smiling at me.  'Thank you, Davey.  That was soooooo gooooood!'  She leaned in and kissed me.  My mouth was closed but her tiny tongue soon slipped in and we were kissing like crazy.  Susie pulled back and looked down at me.  'You're still in me! And you're still hard! Oooooooo, wanna do it some more?'  Silly question.  I never wanted to take my dick out of her.
   She climbed off and had me get up.  She lay down, spread her legs and held out her arms.  As I came down, I put my lips on her nipple and sucked. She squealed.  'When I cum this time I want you to bite my nipples.  I cum better when I pinch them hard.  Now slide that dick in me and fuck me silly!'
   I complied.  I soon got the hang of plunging my dick in and out of her furiously, my little ballsac slapping against her asshole.  She grabbed behind her knees and spread wider, until she was almost in a full split.  This made my dick go even deeper into her belly.  She started a high pitched keening and began to cum.  I lowered my head and bit her right nipple gently. 'YES, YES, Bite my NIPPLES!!! I'm CUUUUUMMMMMIIIIINNNNNGGG!!!'  Her tight littlehole was squeezing my dick like mad, almost rippling up and down it.. I knew I couldn't hold off any longer, so just as she seemed to reach the peak, I let go and started to cum.
   'Oh, oh, I can feel you cumming in me, oh, yes, yes, it's making me CUM AAAAGGGGGGGGAAAAAAIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!'  She kept grunting and humping at me as blast after blast of pubescent cum flooded her pussy.  I collapsed on her chest and she held me gently, stroking my hair as I recovered.  'Davey, thank you for swinging in.  That was soooooo good!'
   After a while, we got dressed and climbed down the ladder.  I nearly didn't make it, my legs were so rubbery, but I knew if I tried swinging back to my room I would be flat as a pancake on the ground with broken bones, or worse.  So that was my first time fucking a girl.

"WOW! Uncle Dave!  So you fucked a twevle-year-old virgin when you were ten?"

I nodded.

"Well, how old are you now?"

"Thirty-two, why?"

"Cause I think it's time for you to fuck another twelve year old virgin, don't you?"

"All in good time, perhaps.  You have a lot to learn, though, so let's get started.  Wanna see some pictures?"

"YEAH!"

I opened my porn directory and selected some files.  I set them up as a slideshow with a 15-second delay and started it.  The first shot was of a girl with a nicely trimmed bush spreading her legs.  I used this to point out the parts of the pussy and gave her the names.  Then came a girl playing with a guy's dick.  Again I told her the names of the parts.  The slides cycled on through, showing cunt-lapping, fucking in a number of positions, cocksucking, 69'ing and masturbation.

Tonya wiggled and squirmed in my lap as she watched the erotic scenes flow past her eyes.  Her breathing became ragged as she reached down again to play with her tiny cunt.  She lay back with her head beside mine as we watched.

"Oooooh, Uncle Dave!  Look at the size of his thing!  I can't believe it all goes in her hole!  Is yours that big?"

"Not quite, baby, but don't worry.  A girl's pussy is made to stretch - after all, that's where a baby comes out.  Here, I'll show you."

I went through security procedures to open my kiddie porn folder, then set up another slide show.  Tonya gasped as the first shot emerged.  "WOW!  She's younger than ME!  Look!  She's got his dick in her mouth and he's rubbing her pussy!  Is she going to sit on it?  Look!  Look!  She's sliding down on it!  Now it's all the way in her hole!  WOW!  I WANT TO DO THAT!"

We continued to watch the show, my cock bursting as she squirmed her baby pussy on it.  "My pussy is sooooo wet, Uncle Dave!  Feel!"  She placed my hand in her lap and I felt the hot, slick fluids flowing from her.  My fingers slid up and down the crease of her virgin cunt, flicking over the sensitive bump of her preteen clit.  She jumped and moaned.  I let the tip of my forefinger slide into her hole until I felt the barrier guarding her depths, then I gently fingerfucked her while my thumb encircled her clit.  She began to moan and shake in pleasure.  The scene on the monitor changed to a girl about her age lying with her legs spread widely, her engorged clit protruding from its hood and the tongue of a young boy lapping at it.

"That looks like FUN, Uncle Dave!  Will you please do that to me?"

"I certainly will, babylove!"  I picked my prepubescent darling up and stood, placing her in my seat.  I knealt before her and put each of her knees over the arms of my office chair, pilling her forward until the chubby cheeks of her delectable ass were on the edge of the seat.

"Pull your skirt up slowly and show me your pussy, baby," I told her.  She complied and I had my first closeup glimpse of the beautiful valley between her legs.  Shining wetly with her little girl juices, the tissues were red and puffy from her rubbing.  She watched me through hooded eyes and gave me a beautiful smile when I said, "Oh, Tonya!  It's so beautiful!"

I moved my head in and breathed on her, causing her to shiver in anticipation.  I extended my hardened tongue and lapped from her puckered little asshole slowly all the way up to her clit, where I swirled it around and around, then back down to her unviolated hole where I began to tonguefuck the little girl.  She sighed loudly and moaned.

"Oh, yeeeeesssss, Uncle Dave!  Lick my little button, oh, oh, yes, it feels so much better than my finger!"

I flattened my tongue and lapped her cunt and clit steadily, over and over again and her breathing quickened and she closed her eyes.  I put my hands behind her knees and rolled her back, my tongue twisting into her pink little asshole, then dipping into her delecious pussy, then swirling again around her bulging clit.  Her cries grew louder as she climbed to the peak.  I began to rock her tiny body, my tongue flashing across her tender flesh.

Finally, I concentrated my tongue on her love bud, lapping across and around it while I slid one finger into her tiny clenching hole, fucking it in and out shallowly.  I could tell she was nearing her first climax.

"OH, YEEEESSSSS, I'M ALMOST THERE!" She shouted. "OH, OH, OHHHHHH, I'M GETTING TO THAT SPECIAL PLAAAAAAACE!  AAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!"  As she began to cum I let my little finger slide gently into her tiny asshole and wiggled it, taking her even higher.  Her hot cum flooded my mouth and I ate it hungrily.  It had been years since I had tasted virgin cum and it tasted even better than I remembered.  My tiny darling shivered and shook as the waves of pleasure washed over as she continued her first orgasm.  Finally, I slowed down and just gently lapped at her hole, not wanting to miss a single drop of her delicious juice.

When the little girl recovered, she leaned forward in the chair and grabbed my head, planting kisses all over it, stopping at my mouth to flick her little tongue in to taste herself.  "Thank you, thank you, thank you, Uncle Dave!  That was soooooooo wonderful!  I love what you did to me!  I want to do more.  I want to make you feel good too!  I want to suck on your dick until you spurt your stuff in my mouth!  Can I, PLEASE?"

"Sure, honey."

I stood up and she struggled with my belt, finally releasing it and jerking my pants and underwear down.  My dick was covered in precum, but she immediately engulfed it in her hot little mouth.  "Be careful not to scrape with your teeth," I cautioned as her head bobbed on me.  Her delightful tongue danced all around my dick as I plunged in and out of her hot little mouth.  Before long I felt the familiar stirring in my balls and soon spurt after spurt of cum blasted into my twelve-year-old darling's throat.  She took it like a pro, swallowing mightily and never losing a drop.  Her head continued to bob on me as she slurped down my spend until I could stand it no more and pulled her off my dick.

I sat back down in my chair and she straddled my lap, her drenched pussy rested on my exhausted cock.  I could feel her hot juice continue to seep around on my dick, causing it to begin to stir again.  We both jumped guiltily when the phone rang.  It was her father.

"Looks like you're gonna have a houseguest tonight, boss.  The clutch assembly is totally blown.  I hope Tonya has been behaving herself.  If she doesn't you have my permission to tan her behind."

"I don't think that will be necessary, Tommy.  She's been a real doll so far and seems to be enjoying herself."  Tonya grinned big and nodded vigorously. "We're gonna get supper and some movies and then be home if you need anything.  See you in the morning."

Tonya spoke to her dad for a minute and expressed her love, then hung up and looked over at me.  "Well, Uncle Dave, It's just thw two of us tonight.  Think we can find something to keep us occupied?  Like maybe putting your dick in my hot little pussy and fucking me silly?"

"You're already silly, sweetheart, but we'll see what we can do!"

To be continued...
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....