                              Top Heavy
                                 or
                         On the Job Benefits

     My wife, Karen, is a beautiful woman with a dynamite body.  The first
thing men notice about Karen are her large breasts, which are "E" cups and
look out of proportion on her otherwise petite body.
     When I first met Karen, she was very much aware of the effect her body
had on men, and was embarrassed by it.  Because of that, she always wore
baggy clothing which made her look overweight.  She lacked confidence in
herself and her appearance.  
     After we were married, I was slowly able to begin to change the way
she felt about herself.  I complimented her when she was naked and when she
wore some of her less baggy clothes, and I always made a point to compare
her favorably to other women.  As a result, Karen was encouraged to wear
tighter, more figure-revealing clothing.  I always bought her sexy things,
including tops with plunging necklines, stockings and garterbelts, high
heels, tight skirts.  Finally, I could see a change taking place as her
confidence was built.  She began aerobics and working out until, now, her
body is tight and hard and she loves being admired - even to the point of
being an exhibitionist.
     I have always been open with Karen, supporting the change, and even
encouraging her to dress and act sexy.  She says she can see in my eyes how
much I enjoy watching her look and act sexy and even flirt with other guys. 
I admitted to her that I had fantasized about watching her make love to
another guy.  Karen said her favorite fantasy was about making love to
several men at the same time, but she said she could never go any further
than flirting with me around.  I teased her and told her to just tell me
all about her escapades when they were over.  And she did!
     Karen works for a large household discount business that has a huge 
warehouse with a small sales area in the front.  She's the only woman
worker, working at the service counter and also taking inventory in the
warehouse.  This guy, Brad, was always grabbing at her and feeling her ass
and telling her how he wanted to "fuck her tits."  He's the owner's nephew,
so there is no point in making a big deal out of it.
     This morning, they were predicting temperatures and humidity in the
high nineties, and since the place isn't air-conditioned, Karen dressed for
work in a bra, summer top and short skirt.  Brad opened the place up and
Karen was always early to get the counter ready.  Karen said she was making
the coffee when, like a homing pigeon, Brad came up behind her in the
warehouse and grabbed her hips and pressed his groin into her ass.  
     This time, however, instead of pulling away as in the past, Karen
pressed herself back into him.  Brad, not one to miss a cue, brought both
hands up around Karen to cup her breasts.  As he massaged her tits, Karen
continued to grind against his crotch.  Brad spun her around and started to
French kiss her as his hand made its way under her skirt and down into her
panties.  His eager finger found her honey pot and he started finger
fucking her as he rubbed her clit with his thumb.  Karen said she was
beside herself and losing all control as she tried to catch her breath and
could feel her heart beating wildly. 
     Brad lifted her summer shirt completely off, unsnapped her bra, and
then stepped back for a moment to enjoy the sight of my wife's massive,
naked tits.  Quickly, Brad began to suck and lick Karen's hard nipples as
he continued to finger her.
     When he pulled his head away and pushed down on her shoulders, Karen
knew what he wanted her to do, and didn't resist.  She fell to her knees,
opened his zipper and let Brad gently guide his hard cock into her mouth. 
He started to move back and forth, fucking her mouth and running his cock
over her tongue.  Karen was so excited, she started cupping her own breasts
and pinching her nipples.  As Brad got ready to shoot his load, he pulled
his cock from her mouth and told my wife to hold her tits together, and he
shot his cum onto her tits and watched it collect in her cleavage.  Karen
said she had an orgasm as Brad's warm, sticky jism hit her tits.  
     Without waiting, Brad grabbed an old paint dropcloth, threw it on the
floor and motioned for Karen to lie back as he straddled her.  He pushed
Karen's breasts together, around his semi-rigid cock, and for the next few
minutes, he fucked her tits until he shot another load all over her neck
and chest.
     Brad collapsed on top of my wife with a smile.  "I can't believe that
this has happened!" 
     "Well, it did, and that may not be the last time if your cock has
anything to do with it!"  The both looked at his penis jerking back to life
again and laughed.
     Brad got up and said they were lucky not to get caught and that they
better get to work.  As he ran off into the warehouse, he grabbed Karen's
bra and laughed, again.  Karen sat up, looking for something to clean
Brad's cum with when she heard the door open.  So, she quickly rubbed the
cum-juice into her tits (which she said made her even hotter!) and pulled
her thin top on.
     Embarrassed to be wearing such a thin top without a bra, Karen's
plight almost immediately became worse when the material stuck to her
sticky chest like a second skin.  Blatantly stared at by the rest of the
guys she works with and her boss, Karen said she had to take some pretty
intense ribbing about her boobs.  Then, when the store opened, Karen had to
work at the counter and she said she could hardly keep her mind on her work
as she was so aware of the almost all male customers looking at her chest. 
It was so obvious to everyone that she was braless, and with the heat and
humidity and cum, Karen's top was almost transparent, and she couldn't
believe how hot her exhibition was making her.  She said she got so many
offers to take her to lunch, or dinner, or "whatever," she knew she looked
like she was advertising.  She said that by the afternoon, she was even
feeling brave enough to bend over the counter and watch the men almost die
at her performance.  Finally, by closing time, Karen was so horny that when
she saw Brad she begged him to screw her.  He told her to meet him in a
certain corner in the back in five minutes.
     When Karen got back there, Brad had already arranged some folding pads
into a wide bed.  Karen and Brad embraced, and then started stripping each
other.  They were both so horny they couldn't see straight!  They
positioned themselves in the sixty-nine position, and just took off from
there.  Brad fucked my wife twice in the next half hour and Karen said she
had at least 3 orgasms.  Finally, they were both exhausted and Brad said he
had to leave to get to a supplier before it closed.  He dressed and left.  
     Karen laid there a few minutes, getting her strength back, and then
reached for her skirt.  Out of what she thought was an empty warehouse came
a voice - "Not, yet, Karen.  It's my turn."  It was her boss, Dave.  He had
apparently seen or heard her and Brad and watched them fuck.  
     Karen said she smiled at Dave and told him, "Okay, but I'm beat. 
You'll have to do all the work."
     Dave began to drop his pants and said, "No problem."
     Karen told me that Dave fucked her for a long time before he came and
she had two more orgasms.  Then they both dressed and locked up.  On the
way out, Dave patted Karen's ass and told her he was looking forward to
tomorrow.
     When Karen got home, she was so excited, she could barely talk.  She
said it wasn't exactly her dream of a bunch of guys all at once, but who
knows what will happen now, when word about last night gets around at the
store.  She said she hoped I didn't mind, but she could hardly wait for the
next encounter.
     After dinner, Karen said she wants me to fuck her before she showers,
and then I could help her pick out what she's going to wear to work,
tomorrow.
     I could see how excited and happy she was.  Of course, I love her and
that hasn't changed since hearing about her adventure, tonight.  The one
thought I did have was maybe she could sneak me into the warehouse so I
could watch!
