The Torment of Kristy

...by Micro Man


	I am 24 years old, and I am seeing a lady of age 37 who happens 
to be an executive secretary for the vice president of a major marine 
transport company in this area.  Sensually, she is an absolute dream.  
It must have been all the sensual repression that her Nebraska 
upbringing taught her, combined with the fact that women tend to hit 
their sexual peak at about her age; she masturbated for the first time 
at age 35.  With me, we both have discovered a wonderful sensitivity in 
nearly all her skin, as not only can she come from her nipples as 
readily and quickly as her clitoris, but she has a very sensitive 
G-spot which can even bring her to orgasm when massaged from her lower 
belly, and several times I have brought her to orgasm simply from 
licking and nibbling on her neck and earlobes.  Merely touching her 
almost anywhere will get her hot.  Except for her clitoris (with a 
vibrator), she never knew that her skin was so sensitive until she met 
me.  She still has a huge crush on me, and we both love it when I 
tantalize her beautifully responsive body.

	One side effect to having her level of tactile sensitivity is 
that she is also quite ticklish, in four specific spots.  She really 
isn't ticklish at all on her torso; touching her there just gets her 
turned on.  However, her waist, thighs, ankles, and feet are a very 
different story altogether.  If her waist is squeezed, or if I grab 
either of her thighs about three inches above the kneecap at about 
10:00 and 2:00 and squeeze every half second or so, she falls apart.  
With her ankles and feet, she loses it if I lightly graze anything 
across them, whether it be my fingernails (yes, I actually have 
fingernails, and she's the reason!), fingertips, tongue, feather, pen, 
whatever!  She frequently complains in her little girl voice (in many 
ways, she's really a 37-year-old little girl still discovering 
herself--I love it!) that since I'm not ticklish, and she is, it's not 
fair...!  Heh heh!!  

	She's a bit shy about "exposing" her sensual side if she and I 
are not by ourselves, due to that Nebraska upbringing, and I have used 
this several times to "get her blood flowing," as it were.  She blushes 
almost every time, and it is exciting for her because it's "risque," 
you know, things like making her come by sucking her nipple in the 
middle of a movie theatre...

	One time I used this "shyness" to particularly great advantage.  
I showed up at her place of work before she got there.  I had mentioned 
the idea before of restraining her with some soft cotton rope, and 
though she blushed, she was very turned on by the idea.  Her desk is 
one of those rather large computer desks with the corner section and 
every bell and whistle you can imagine, and it's also one of those 
"privacy" desks whose front goes all the way to the floor.  There's 
plenty of legroom for her (she's 5'10") as well as room for another 
person to sit or squat down there.  I had installed some thick eyehooks 
on both left and right sides of the "legroom area" and one on the far 
panel (if you're sitting at the desk, you'd be able to touch all three 
eyeholes with your feet).  I had also brought several lengths of cotton 
rope.

	She arrived at her office to discover a note on her door that 
read, "You're in for it again, lover...!"  By now she knew this to mean 
that she was in for another intense sensual experience, and I'm sure 
her vagina became moist right then.  She opened the door slowly and 
after a few seconds came around to her desk, only to smile her 
little-girl "oh my goodness" smile when she saw me sitting in her 
legroom area, and a giggle escaped her lips.  She sat down, and I 
raised her long skirt and kissed her nylon-free legs.

	As I let her skirt fall, she told me that she had a hour-long 
meeting that morning in a few minutes with her boss the VP, so I had to 
be good if I was going to sit in there.  I just grinned and whispered, 
"Remember who you're talking to..."  She got a worried, dubious, but 
excited look in her eyes.

	Sure enough, in a few minutes, the vice president came in, and 
she stood up and shook his hand.  They both sat down and commenced to 
talk about the various appointments that he needed to schedule, who was 
coming in that day/week/month, etc.  While they were talking, I raised 
her long skirt again up to just past her knees (unbeknownst to her boss 
due to her privacy desk) and pulled out one of my ropes.  I tied her 
left ankle to both the left and front-center eyehooks, and her right 
ankle to the right and front-center eyehooks; she offered no resistance 
and continued talking with her boss.  I then wrapped a length of rope 
around both her ankles just above her ankle-high stockings and tied it 
firmly, but not too tightly--just enough so she wouldn't be able to 
move her ankles more than half an inch.  I had also seen to it that her 
ankles were about 8 inches apart.  With another length of rope, I 
attached her now bound ankles to her chair, so they were bound in all 
four directions.

	She periodically glanced down at me to see what I was doing, 
but not so long or so often to tip off her boss.  Each time, her face 
was asking a question, but I would just smile and mouth, "Trust me" 
with my fiendish grin she had gotten to know so well.

	The conversation between her boss and her continued 
uninterrupted.

	Satisfied that I had bound her ankles securely, I then 
proceeded to remove her inch-and-a-half heel from her left foot.  This 
got a questioning look.  I then removed her shoe from her right foot, 
leaving her in her short stockings on her otherwise bare legs.  She 
cast a glance at me, this time with a bit more concern showing, and she 
wiggled her feet some.

	I took hold of the top of her left stocking and began to pull 
it down, slowly, kissing her where I bared her skin, until her left 
ankle and foot were completely bare.  I repeated the procedure with her 
right ankle, and she cast me a quick, but very worried, look on her 
face.  Apparently, she had sensed my intention to tickle her incredibly 
sensitive feet throughout her meeting with her boss!  I gave her the 
most diabolical grin I could, and she gasped slightly.  I heard a 
"Kristy, you ok?" and her attention snapped back to her boss, but her 
legs tensed up with the anticipation of the torment that she knew was 
about to come, as well as the knowledge that if she should break and 
let on in any way what was happening, her boss would definitely not be 
pleased.  Heh heh heh...!

	I gave her left foot a kiss, and then I ran my index fingernail 
along the inner side of her left ankle, which tensed up immediately.  I 
added another fingernail to this ankle, and she began to jerk a bit, 
though her tone of voice remained constant.  I then applied all five 
fingernails of my right hand to ever-so-lightly scratching her ankle, 
holding it steady with my left and the ropes, and I heard her gasp 
lightly, trying all the while to quietly free her ankle from its bonds.  
No chance; I had her in a spot, and I wanted it to last.

	I guess her boss must have looked away briefly when he was 
talking, because for a couple of seconds she pleaded with her eyes for 
me not to continue.  I knew what this was doing to her.  I knew that 
this was the worst form of torture for her, especially in this 
situation.  I tickled her left ankle again, causing her to clench her 
jaw some.  Her boss asked her a question, forcing her to return her 
attention to him, while I raked her ankle.  Her left leg was quivering 
now, and her breathing had become noticeably more shallow.  I knew that 
she was focusing everything she had to try to block out what I was 
doing to her poor nerve endings.

	Again she looked at me, and as she did, I gently placed my 
fingers on the exposed, helpless sole of her left foot, not moving my 
fingers yet.  I looked up, saying with my eyes, "if you don't mind..."  
The pleading look turned to straight begging as she gasped at the 
thought of my fingernails raking her sensitive sole.  I ran one 
fingernail from the bottom of her heel, through the center of her foot, 
up to her middle toe.  She jerked strongly and gasped, and I heard a 
"are you sure you're OK?" from her boss.  She reassured him that she 
was fine, let's get on with his schedule.  However, her whole left leg 
was as tight as a drum and quivering with anticipation.

	I ran my fingernail back down from her middle toe, along the 
arch, back down to her heel.  She jerked again, trying to get away from 
the maddening tickle, but the Boy Scouts had taught me well, and she 
wasn't getting away.

	I decided to start lightly.  I knew from experience that her 
feet were the most ticklish right in the center, along the arch, 
followed by the balls of her feet, followed by the heel (her toes 
aren't really ticklish; they get her horny when I suck on them), so I 
started on the heel, just below the beginning of the arch.  I ran two 
fingers across the heel, knowing that this was enough to torment her, 
but not enough to make her lose it.  She held still (stiff) while I did 
this and got a more concentrated look on her face.  After a few minutes 
of this, I figured it was time to move on and make it harder for her to 
withstand without some sign.

	Slowly I ran my fingers just along the sides of her foot, 
making her gasp softly and curl her toes.  With my left hand I pulled 
her toes up and traced a slow path along each curve of the ball of her 
foot.  Her breathing was very shallow now, and she pleaded once again 
with her eyes for me to stop.  I just shook my head, mouthing, "It'll 
get worse..." and I ran a fingernail briefly along the arch to drive 
home my point.  As I traced the electric arc along her delicate skin, 
her whole leg seemed to spasm.

	After a few minutes of tormenting the ball of that soft foot, I 
decided to give her a 2-minute break of firm but gentle foot massage.  
Her leg relaxed with the pleasure she felt from my kneading the entire 
sole.  Then I gradually began to lighten the pressure, drawing another 
pleading look from her, because as I was lightening up, I was 
concentrating more and more on her sensitive arch, and she knew that 
she wouldn't be able to withstand such an assault on her poor nerve 
endings.

	The conversation between her boss and her continued as I 
gradually got lighter...and lighter...and lighter...until it started to 
tickle.  I didn't want to threaten her job, but I did want to torment 
her, so I allowed the stroke to lighten until she just started to gasp.  
I kept it right there, her foot attempting to jerk away from my left 
hand which was holding it fast.  She had told me once before when I'd 
tickled her feet that it felt like high-voltage leads were attached to 
the bottom of her feet and the top of the nerves in her leg; so I knew 
that each stroke of my fingernails traced an arc of electricity along 
her poor sole which continued up to her hip and back down.  She was in 
agony, the more so because she had to keep a completely straight face 
through it all.

	I slightly increased the level of tickling to torment her even 
more.  Her leg became even tighter, and her eyes started to water up.  
I knew that much more of this at even this relatively "tame" level 
would eventually break her, and raising the tickling level any more 
would be sure to do her in in very short order.  I kept my eyes on her 
face at all times at this point so I would know how close she was 
getting.  As she would reach a point of losing control, I would 
smoothly change the tickling to a massage for about 10 seconds, and 
then back to the tickling stroke.  As I ran my fingers over her arch, 
the tendons would flex and tense, so I let my fingernails trace those 
taut, bunched-up tendons ever so slowly, again, not enough to make her 
completely lose it, but enough to keep her at just below the breaking 
point.

	The foot flexed and bunched, and flexed again under my feathery 
touch only to receive more strokes.  Her eyes were quite watery, and I 
heard her boss ask if she needed a few minutes break.  She said yes, a 
few minutes might do her good, and so he left to get some more 
paperwork from his desk.  After he left and closed the door, I began to 
tickle her foot in earnest.  She threw her sleeve over her mouth in an 
attempt to stop the furious giggling that came over her, but she 
couldn't.  She managed to gasp out, "Pleeheeeeheeze...!"  Since her 
boss was gone, I was free to drive her insane for a few minutes, and so 
I did, causing her to truly lose her composure and go to pieces.  She 
shook violently, grabbing on to the table for dear life, laughing 
uncontrollably into her sleeve, eyes tearing.  Then I applied the 
fingers from my left hand to her right foot in addition, gently 
scraping my fingernails over both her helpless arches, sending megavolt 
arcs of electricity up and down her legs.

	This went on for five minutes, straight.  She couldn't 
concentrate on anything, couldn't say anything, only laugh hysterically 
into her sleeve and pray to God that nobody would hear her as her 
boyfriend took full advantage of her body's greatest weakness.

	Finally, I let up, changing the tickling stroke to a firm 
massage so as to work out all the residual tickling senation in her 
tortured feet.  Relief washed over her face--it was beautiful.  She was 
beautiful.  She held up a bit better than I had expected, and I was 
impressed.  I felt that she deserved a substantial reward for doing so 
well, so as I heard her boss coming back, I mentioned for her to dry 
her eyes, which had been tearing profusely, and continued the foot 
massage for the rest of the meeting.  I also sucked on her toes, which 
turned her on.  After the meeting ended, I untied her ankles, and as I 
could smell her arousal, I proceeded to lick her to a very intense, 
powerful orgasm.

	I climbed out from under the desk and took her in my arms.  She 
kissed me passionately.  Then she lightly punched me, telling me that I 
was absolutely diabolic for putting her through that torment during a 
meeting with the Vice President like that.  I asked her if it was too 
much, and her reply was a most pleasant surprise.  She told me that it 
was pure torture, and the worst part was that it also got her horny 
against her will!  Before she would let me leave, she made me promise 
to give her my cock that evening, and that ol' Oscar would pay dearly 
for what I just put her through.

	Needless to say, I didn't get much sleep that night...!   ;)
