Archive-name: 3plus/tough.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Tough Life


  It was probably the worst day of Jim Frie's life.  He was a chemist at one of
the largest pharmaceutical companies in the states and had been working on a
major project and was the most knowledgeable member of the team even though
he was the youngest.  
  I say was because there was a restructuring in the corporation and he had
been laid off, his project canceled.  Jim left work and came home to his
bride of only 6 months at 10:00 am.  
  Kim was a lovely girl of 22, 5'4" blonde hair that came to the middle of her
back.  She had large firm breasts a slim waist and gorgeous long legs.  He
met her at college and after a month was hopelessly in love with her.  They
were married and Jim put Kim on a pedestal, he did whatever she wanted and
gave her everything he could.  
  Kim was a sexually demanding woman and Jim liked that when they were first
married but as the demands of his work took more and more of his time his
response waned.  
  At first Kim was always badgering him about being inattentive but in the last
couple of months she had stopped.  Jim figured that she had adjusted to their
new routine.  
  Jim came to find out on that fateful day that Kim had gotten used to a
routine but not the same one that he had.  As he drove up to his house that
day he noticed a van parked in the driveway.  It was the van of the painters
he had hired 4 weeks ago to paint the house.  They were three young men in
their twenties and had done an admirable job even though it had taken them
twice as long as they had originally said it would.  
  Now Jim was not a suspicious man but this did ring of something strange.  It
could be that Kim had called them back to paint something else but then again
maybe not.  Jim parked around the block and walked home. He crept up behind
the hedge and looked into the living room.  He saw Kim dressed in a white
blouse, back leather miniskirt with black stockings and very high high heel
shoes.  
  The fact she also had on a black lace bra was evident through her blouse.  
She was looking very sexy and that fact was not lost on the three painters
seated across from Kim.  As Jim watched Kim put on some music and started to
dance around the room in a most provocative manner.  Jim was now beside
himself with anger, but was also fascinated by Kim's actions.  As she danced
she ran her hands over her breasts down across her flat belly to the inside
of her thighs and then as her hands moved up then pushed the mini skirt up
revealing Kim's black nylon panties and the mounds of her love box. Her hands
moved farther up ending by cupping her large titties.  
  Then Don, the tallest of the men got up and moved toward Kim with a smile on
his face, Kim sauntered to him and unbuttoned his shirt.  She ran her hands
over his hairy chest as she called to Bob and Jack to join her.  Both men
were on their feet and Kim proceeded to strip each man of his shirt as Don
was feeling Kim's titties from the back as she moved her hands down Bob and
Jack's bare chests and to the bulge that had formed in both men's pants.  
  Kim pulled Bob to her and kissed him with her tongue plunging into his mouth
with what Jim recognized as her unbridled lust filled kiss.  As this was
going on Jack had gone to his knees and had raised her miniskirt to reveal
first the top of her stockings and creamy white thighs plus her garter straps
and then the black silk of her panties and as he buried his head in her
crotch he said "Baby I want to eat your pussy!"
  Don had Kim's blouse partly unbuttoned and was kneading her nipples.  Jim
could not believe his eyes, his lovely wife was being a wanton slut.  But he
found he had to pull himself from watching.  He had also developed a raging
hardon.  Jim found that he was angry but that he was not moving to stop what
was going on, far from it he was excited by it and intended to watch the scene
to it's climax, to do so he moved to the bedroom sliding glass door and
entered quietly.  Jim went to the door that looked out to the living room and
cracked it.  
  Kim had moved away from the three men and was standing with her hands on her
hips her blouse open to her navel and her tits overflowing the lace bra that
held them.  
  She was saying "Ok you horny bastards if you want me you are going to have to
behave.  First off I want a better look so off with your pants boys.  As the
men removed their pants Kim approached each in turn she felt their asses and
pulled their shorts to the floor.  Oh I guess from the condition of your
cocks you really do want little Kim's pussy.  Kim told the guys to sit on the
sofa and they did.  
  She stood in front of them their cocks standing erect in front of her.  Kim
slowly pulled her skirt up and as she did she said to Don.  " Baby if you
really like my pussy would you kiss my bush.  Don stared at her cunt through
the panties and shook his head.  Well she said I know Bob can't wait to taste
my box can you Bobby.  Any time any where he said as he moved to Kim's muff, 
but she moved away saying "Unless you can control yourself you can leave.  
Bob sat back down.  And you Jack would you like to suck my clit.  Jack sat
with his head down and said "I never did that.  First time for everything
Jim.  Ok boys now I want each of you to kiss my pussy through my panties.  Don
you first on your knees.  
  Don fell to his knees and as Kim with skirt raised to the top of her lacy
garter moved her crotch to Don's face.  Don moved his hands to Kim's soft ass
cheeks and pulled her pantied pussy to his face, kissed her cunt as Kim
rubbed her pussy into his face.  Oh Don that was nice Kim said as she pushed
his head from her cunt and for such a good kiss I'm going to give you one.  
As Jim watched in amazement Kim took Don's cock in both hands and bent over her
large tits hanging down like two large melons.  Kim kissed the end of Don's
dick with her ruby red lips.  Then took the bulbous cock head into her mouth.  
After running her tongue around his cock head Kim let the cock fall from her
lips and said, more of that later.  
  Jim was ready to explode seeing his wife suck another man's rod, it had
really turned him on.  He pulled his own cock from his pants and gripping it
from its base pulled to its head.  
  Well Kim said as she removed the skirt and blouse, and stood legs spread
apart if Jack won't kiss my pussy he can't stick his cock in my cunny either.  
Kim now was running her hands over her mounds as she stared at Jack with a
smile on her face.  
  "Jack look at me", Jack looked up as Kim ran a finger over her slit and said
"Well Jack you seemed to like to put that big ole cock in my pussy last week, 
you don't like it any more?" Oh no Kim I love your pussy only I never ate
cunt before.  
  "Well Jack it's about time you learned.  Yea Jack said I will.  Bob you show
Jack how nice it is and kiss my pussy.  Bob moved between Kim's legs moved
his hands to her plump ass and clamped his mouth on her bush.  Kim could feel
Bob running his tongue up and down her slit and was getting hot.  Ok Jack you
try it Kim said Bob moved and Jack took his place.  He wasted no time and
began mouthing her cunt through the panties.  As Jack continued to munch Kim
said ok Bobby you can kiss my ass.  Bobby moved to Kim's ass and buried his
face in the black silk between her ass cheeks.  Kim moved back and forth
first pushing her ass into Bob's face and then pushing her cunt into Jack's
face.  
  Kim released the catch to her bra and removed it saying to Don "You can lick
these.  
  Don sucked Kim's right tit into his mouth and sucked for all he was worth.  
  Kim was now hotter then hell and reached down and pulled a leg of her panties
to the side and said "Baby go for it stick your tongue into my lovebox and
eat my juice.  
  Jim could not believe his eyes, he now had his cock in his hand and was
pumping it like crazy.  Kim was ready to climax and grabbed Jack by the head
and ground her cunt into his face saying "Yea eat my pussy good ! Eat it all
  "Kim came in a rush covering Jack's face with her juice.  After she climaxed
she said to Jack "You did real good for the first time.  And I'm going to
see you get another chance later.  Now it's time for you boys to get a
little sucking.  Kim took Don's cock in one hand and Jack's in the other and
said but first let's go to the bedroom.  As she led the men, cocks in hand
toward the door.  
  Jim, about ready the shoot his wad made a hasty retreat to the closet and
again watched as Kim entered a cock in each hand and Bob following his cock
at attention also.  
  Kim positioned the three men around her.  One at a time she took a cock in
her hand and kissed that man passionately before moving to the next.  After
this she went to her knees, and in turn kissed the head of each man's cock.  
Jim became so excited by this that he shot his wad all over the closet
door, although he never took his eyes off his wife's mouth as it slowly sucked
each man's cock deeper and deeper as she made the circle again and again.  
  Kim's pussy was as wet as ever and she was ready for a good fuck.  Kim got up
and again wetly kissed each man in turn.  
  Then said as she stripped her panties off.  
  "Who wants to fuck me first?"
  Bob moved first as Kim laid on the bed her legs spread and hanging over to
end of the bed.  Bob moved between her legs cock in hand and guided his 8"
cock into her wet pussy.  As he started pumping Kim pulled Jack to her and
had him straddle her face.  Jack presented his cock to Kim's impatient mouth.  
  "If I suck you off and let you cum in my mouth Jack I expect you to eat me
when I'm ready and I won't let you back out is that understood?"
  Jack realizing that Bob was already fucking her pussy for all he was worth
and that she was going to have a load of cum in her snatch soon, and he
objected to having to eat Kim's soon to be cum dripping pussy Kim just
started licking his cock and balls and said "well Jack you must make up your
own mind but it's really a shame because I would like to have you cum on my
face and taste your white juice.  
  Kim then took the length of Jack's cock slowly into her mouth her tongue
darting along the shaft, then slowly she pulled the cock meat from her hot
mouth and kissed Jacks balls and then said .  "Don't you want to ram your dick
into my throat baby it tastes so good and I really want to drink your white
cum load now please give it to me.  " 
  Kim was rubbing his cock on her cheeks and eyes as she talked and Jack
couldn't take any more and agreed as he shoved his dick hard into Kim
mouth.  "Yea Ok I'll eat your fucking cunt, but I'm going to fuck your goddamed
mouth till you yell for mercy.  Jack started pumping his cock hard and fast
he drove it in until his balls slapped at Kim's chin and her nose became
buried in his pubic hair.  
  Jim had never witnessed such animal lust before, much less directed to his
wife, his dick had risen again and he began jacking off fiercely again, as he
watched Kim's large titties bouncing as Bob rammed his cock again and again
into the depth of her pussy as Jack fucked her face as if it were a cunt.  
  Don was slowly stroking his meat as he watched and waited his turn.  Bob was
cumming to a climax and slowed his assault and shot his load deep into Kim's
dripping pussy.  Jack pulled his prick from her cunt and pulled along the
length of his shaft to spurt the last of his cum onto her cunt hair.  Now Don
saw his chance and pushed Bob aside as he jammed his wide cock into Kim's
juicy wet pussy.  
  He began pumping hard just as Jack was filling Kim's mouth with his white
jism.  As he was finishing he let some of the cum run down his shaft and then
wiped the slimy shaft all over Kim's face.  She had swallowed the rest of his
load and as Bob's cock shrank she licked the remaining jism from his cock
head.  
  Jim stroked his rock hard cock as he watched his supposed innocent wife with
another man's cum dripping from her chin, and her loving it.  
  As Don fucked into Kim's pussy she was reaching a climax of her own and as
she clamped her pussy muscles around his cock he began to feel the pressure
building in his balls.  Kim yelled as she came again and again .  She jammed
her hand into her twat to encourage her climax as Don shot his wad, the juice
splattered on her cunt lips covered her bush and her hand as she again
brought her pussy to a climax.  Kim was still twiddling her clit as she
called Jack to finish her off by eating her cum filled hole.  Jim watched as
Jack knelt between Kim's legs she laid her legs on his shoulders and pulled
his mouth to her dripping cunt.  
  Jack could smell the mix of Kim's pussy and the jism that was still visible.  
Jack ran his tongue over Kim's wet mounds and Kim pulled her cunt lips apart
to give his tongue access to her cum drenched hole.  Jack's head was then
pushed into the gap and Kim ground her pussy into his mouth.  Kim yelled "eat
my pussy, suck all the juice , yea that's it.  Now open your mouth real wide "
At that she shuddered and released her cunt muscles, and let a river of cum
flow into Jack mouth and cover his face.  He tried in vain to move away but
Kim's legs held him tight to her box.  
  Kim yelled "Yea Baby eat all that cum juice every drop.  Jack had to swallow
the cum and cunt juice to breathe and despite these facts was finding himself
getting hard again.  Jack was now really sucking Kim's pussy with abandon
licking every crevice and cunt hair.  Kim noticed his cock coming to erection
and told him to swing around so she could give him as good head as he was
giving her.  Kim engulfed his cock and was jacking it off into her mouth as
fast as she could, she was about to cum again and wanted to taste his cum as
she climaxed.  
  Kim came again just as Jack shot his load into her mouth.  Kim collected the
jism in her mouth and let the cum drip onto her large tits and erect nipples.  
As she licked some excess cum from her wet lips she said to Bob and Don "Did
you boys have a good time.  " 
  They both had almost finished dressing and said Yea we sure did.  "and would
you like to come back next week?" Sure they both agreed.  
  "Then Come here to Little Kim and Kiss my titties before going or only Jack
gets to come next time.  Bob didn't mind and kissed her tit and licked Jack's
cum from her nipple with relish, Don was a little squeamish but followed Bob
and sucked her left tit clean.  Kim laid on the bed exhausted the three men
finished dressing and left.  
  Jim, his cock deflated still watched his wife in disbelief he could still
see her wet pussy and a little cum that had flowed to her belly button.  As
Kim got up she noticed the jism and scooped it up with her finger, she smiled
as she sucked to cum covered digit into her mouth as she entered the bathroom
and started the shower.  
  Jim left the house and got his car and preceded to drive home as it was now
close to his normal arrival time.  He unloaded the car of his notebooks and
personal equipment and took them to the basement and set up a work area, as
he planned to continue his work at home.  He took one of the books and went
upstairs to meet Kim.  
  Kim met him at the door dressed in shirt and slacks.  Jim could not help
think how different this image from the one he witnessed earlier.  Kim gave
him a kiss and said dinner was going to be a little late as she had had a busy
day and was running late.  Jim could not help but smile at that remark and
Kim looked at him as if it were a strange reaction to her words.  Jim read
the notebook on the project.  
  They had some success in increasing the breeding production of various
animals from mice to primates with a cheap and easy to produce chemical food
additive.  There was no question that in all tests it had greatly increased
the time spent in sexual activity, and suggested from data that it increased
fertility.  A note was added that research should be done to determine if at
a latter date this chemical could also be marketed as a fertility drug for
humans.  
  Although it had been noted that in some male primate subjects there
was a permanent increase in the size of the testicles and penis, and that
these side effects would have to be overcome before the FDA would approve a
study involving humans.  Jim was interrupted by the phone ringing, but Kim
answered it in the kitchen.  
  As he continued reading his interest was disrupted again by Kim's giggling on
the phone.  Jim's thoughts returned to the afternoon and was sure Kim was
talking to one of the painters.  His anger was about to return when Kim hung
up and came in smiling.  She told Jim that it was Carol, who was Kim's
roommate in college only last year, and that she had invited Kim to a weekend
in the mountains.  She had refused because no men were allowed and she would
have to go without him.  
  Jim could feel a tightness begin in his crotch and before he knew it he had
told Kim that she should call Carol back and accept as he had forgot to tell
her he was going to New York to a conference this weekend.  Kim looked
startled because Jim had never forgot to tell her well in advance any other
time he had to leave town.  Jim had always hated Carol and didn't like her to
even talk to her.  But she accepted his words and went to call Carol back.  
Jim went to the basement and removed the transmitter from the phone there to
listen in on the call.  
  Carol was saying "You mean sanctimonious Jim said you could go it's
unbelievable.  He is such a shit I can't believe you married him.  Not now
Carol, anyway tell me about Fred, I thought you always hated the way he
followed you and asked you out all the time ? I did , but I got in a jam on a
biology paper and he helped me out and as a reward I went out with him.  Well
anyway I was almost obligated to sleep with him.  And when he undressed I was
amazed.  
  Kim cut in, you mean little Fred has a monstrous cock, I don't believe it.  
Don't Carol said, it was the thinnest prick I ever saw, I almost laughed in his
face but I did get an A on that paper, anyway he fucks me with great
enthusiasm, and I can hardly feel a thing.  Well after jumping up and down on
my body for what seemed like an hour he cums.  
  I figure good even though it did nothing for me he's happy and I don't have
to feel obligated anymore.  Well he asks if he can eat me out and precedes to
lap my pussy as well as his own cum, as I watched him drink the cum I came
and came.  Then after we both rest he begs to fuck me in the ass.  Well you
know I never liked that but I agreed and girl that skinny dick gave me one
orgasm after another and after he came he ate out my wet pussy and sucked
his cum from my ass.  It was really great.  And one day if you're a very good
girl I may let Fred fuck your ass as I eat that delicious wet cunt of yours.  
Kim said Carol you really are incorrigible but I do love you.  Jim listened
as Carol told Kim to come to her place friday as soon as he left for work and
they could have all day to play before Dave came to pick them up.  She then
promised her the best weekend she ever had.  
  Why don't I call you after Jim leaves Friday and you can come over here
instead, I'll have to pack then anyway and it's closer to the mountains.  Ok
Carol said but call early I can't wait to get you in my arms again and feel
your breasts against mine Kim said well I better hang up now you are getting
my panties wet with all this nasty talk.  Ok I'll see you friday.  Bye.  
  On friday Jim left as if to go to work but instead after Kim had showered, 
put on a sexy black nighty and went to the kitchen to start coffee, he
entered the bedroom and hid.  Carol rang the door, Kim opened the door and
posed in the door way in her black nighty.  Carol smiled and said you always
did know how to get my blood boiling you bitch.  As Kim closed the door Carol
took Kim in her arms and kissed her warmly as she let her hands wander over
Kim's ass.  Kim's tongue drove into Carol's mouth as Carol's fingers found Kim's
nylon clad ass crack and pulled her closer.  Kim pulled Carol to the sofa, 
Kim kneeled on the floor between Carol's spread legs her skirt rode to her
thighs as Kim moved forward.  Kim slowly unbuttoned Carol's blouse revealing a
black lace bra to Jim's spying eyes.  
  Jim's cock was growing as Kim pulled the lace of the bra under Carol's lovely
tits.  Kim fondled the left tit tenderly as she took the right into her
mouth, Jim pulled his now fully erect cock from his pants as his wife sucked
greedily on Carol's nipple as her hand creased Carol's thigh above her
stockings.  
  Jim watched as Carol slouched on the sofa so her ass was at the edge and
begged Kim to eat her cunt.  He quickly undressed as Kim reached a hand into
Carol's panties and and stroked her clit.  Carol was now pleading wildly
  "Suck my pussy, please do it now.  " Jim, his blood gorged cock aching stepped
into the room.  Kim was startled and began trying to explain when she noticed
his cock was standing straight up, as she had never seen it do before and his
eyes were definitely lust filled.  Jim stood before the women and pleaded to
let him suck their pussies.  
  Kim stared at her husband in astonishment as Carol covered her nakedness. 
  Jim again pleaded "I'll do it, please let me suck your cunts as he stroked 
his cock.  
  Carol was the first to recover from the shock and yelled at Jim "How
dare you spy on us you shit.  And stop that, meaning his masturbating.  Jim's
head fell as he stopped jerking off.  Jim's embarrassment overwhelmed him and
his mighty erection drooped.  He said he was sorry and started to leave the
room but Carol now sure of her self said "Not so fast, I want you where I can
keep an eye on you sit over there.  If you're good maybe later you can have a
taste of this.  She raised her skirt again and rubbed her pussy through her
panties.  
  Would you like that? Yes, Jim said as he watched Carol's finger outline her
slit with as pulled her tits from her bra with her other hand.  And you would
like to suck on these too wouldn't you? Oh yes Jim stammered.  By now Kim
recovered and sat next to Carol.  Is this the first time you spied on me Jim
she said.  
  No he answered I saw you with the painters, he answered staring at Carol as
he talked.  Kim's face grew red, she got up and slapped Jim in the face.  How
dare you, you bastard! You can just get the fuck out I never want to see you
again.  And you sitting there and showing him your pussy what kind of friend
are you.  
  Kim went to her bedroom in a rush.  Carol said now look what you've done.  
Jim started to cry, but Carol came to him and comforted him her bare tit on
his arm.  Now it's not that bad.  Do you want me to fix everything she said
as she sat on the chair arm and pulled his head to her breast.  Do you think
you can he said.  Sure but you must do exactly as you're told and I mean
everything is that clear.  Jim said yea, and Carol went to Kim's bedroom.  
Kim was lying on the bed face down as Carol sat next to her and stroked her
nylon clad body.  
  I know it's a shock Kim but think about it, your marriage wasn't working the
way it was, so what's wrong with trying it a little different.  Kim turned
over her nighty opening to her crotch as she did, what do you mean? Carol not
to miss an opportunity stroked Kim's smooth legs to her furry vee as she said, 
He's willing to do anything to keep you.  Yea I know like fuck you for
instance.  
  He wants to fuck me and so do you so what's so bad anyway like I was saying, 
Carol was now concentrating her hand to Kim's bush and pussy lips and Kim was
beginning to become wet again, if we play it right Jim will become our slave.  
but it's got to be now.  Imagine him doing anything you want and not caring
what you do or with whom.  
  Kim had spread her legs apart so Carol could insert a finger into her wet
cunt, do you think it's possible? Just follow my lead Carol said as she
kissed Kim deeply, let go.  Both women returned to see Jim still sitting in the
same chair.  Carol said Jim Kim says she is willing to give you another
chance, but strictly on our terms, and if you fail to live up to them out you
go.  
  Now Jim just to show Kim you mean it I want you to tell Kim how much you love
her body.  Jim stammered I do Kim I love your hair.  Carol stroked Kim's
hair, and your smooth white neck, Carol kissed and nibbled Kim's neck, I love
to kiss your full lips to feel your teeth with my tongue, Carol deep french
kissed Kim as her hand cupped her breast.  Jim followed, it love your large
firm tits.  Look Kim he means it. His cock is getting hard talking about you.  
Carol now stood behind Kim hands kneading her big tits, her other hand moving
to her cunt opening her slit, inserting a finger.  Jim continued and I love
your pussy, oh how I love your wet pussy.  And you love to see me fingering
her pussy don't you Jim.  
  Yes I love it.  
  Come here Jim and lick my cunt for me Kim said.  Kim raised her leg to a
chair as Jim Knelt before her.  Carol removed her skirt and panties and sat
watching Jim lick Kim's snatch.  She was hot herself as she repeatedly
inserted a finger into her cunt slowly.  Kim was now very hot and saw Carol
fingering her own cunt wanted to taste it's nectar, she moved to Carol and
tongued the wet pussy.  Carol called to Jim as Kim ate her cunt.  Let me see
that cock of yours.  
  Jim came to her his cock hard and straight.  Carol grabbed his 7" prick and
jerked him off.  As Kim came drove two fingers in and out of Carol flowing
pussy she sucked her clit, it was quickly bringing Carol to an orgasm.  She
now pulled Jim's prick into her mouth and continued to jerk him off.  Jim
was also near climax, he yelled I'm going to cum, as the first spurt of jism
shot into Carol's mouth she aimed his cock to her tits.  As Jim's cum shot a
heavy load over Carol's heaving tits, Carol jerked her pelvis toward Kim's
mouth with an orgasm of her own.  Carol dropped Jim's limp cock as Kim looked
up and smiled at her.  Carol said now that was good.  Carol stood her black
lacy bra pulled under her cum covered tits black garter belt and black
stocking legs spread hands on hips facing Jim as he sat exhausted on the sofa.  
Kim watched from the floor.  
  Look what you did you shit Carol said, is this the way you act, come here
this instant.  Jim startled got up, what he exclaimed.  You got cum all over
my breasts now lick them clean.  Slowly he came to her, as he got close enough
she grabbed him and pushed his face into her cum covered tits.  Now lick, and
next time you better move faster.  

  - to be continued -
--
