Archive-name: Amazon/toutina.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: My Wrestling Opponent


    This was a strange encounter which led to a number of matches between
us.  I was at a convention in Washington, D.C., running the booth in the
exhibit hall of the Hilton Hotel for my company, when this striking-looking
woman came over and leaned on the registration desk in front of our display.
She had a wide smile on her oval face as she started to talk to me.
    I liked her looks right away - tall, 5'10", 160 well-distributed pounds
on a 36D-23-37 body (I found out later).  Strong and sexy.
    She signed our address card for materials to be mailed to her, after
which I invited her to sit beside me while we talked about our products -
and a lot of other things.  Since this was the third of a six-day
convention, I was surprised that anyone would stop to chat so long.  But
after seeing her tight-fitting jeans and bright, printed blouse with boots
on her feet, I became more interested in her body than in her as a potential
customer.
    Since it was noon and traffic by the booth was slow, I asked her if she
wanted a hot dog and beer at the concession stand at the end of the booth
row.  "Sure," she said, so we walked to get a bit to eat.  I liked watching
her move, self-confident, almost a swagger, as she swung her hips as she
strode beside me.  Tough Tina was open and very friendly, and said she had
noticed me several times as she went down the row of exhibits, but that I
was always busy talking to other folks until just now.  I tried to return
the compliment, but really had not noticed her before, so I offered to take
her for a drink and dinner after show closed at 5 PM.  She agreed - almost
too eagerly, but I was delighted!
    Tough Tina leaned over and felt my upper arm, and said I had strong 
muscles.  Not to be outdone, I massaged her thigh through the jeans 
material and commented on the strength I felt there.
    "That's 'cause I'm into sports," Tough Tina said.
    "Oh, what kind?" I asked, thinking she would say running or softball or
the like.
    "I like to wrestle," she responded, without a blink.  My cock got hard
on the spot - I love wrestling women.  Maybe she would be my next opponent!
    "You mean like girls, I suppose," I remember saying, almost holding my
breath for her answer.  "Not men, of course?"
    "Yeah, girls and man," Tough Tina replied, dropping her hand to my 
thigh - just short of my engorged dick.  "Maybe you and I could wrestle 
after dinner.  Do you wrestle?" she asked.
    "I sure do.  I'm always looking for women wrestlers," I explained.
    "Thought so, from the looks of you," Tough Tina replied with a wink.
    "I'm bigger than you," I said.  "We are about the same height, but I bet
I outweigh you by thirty pounds.  I'm 168 pounds and older too - I'm 40
years old," I explained.
    "You're just eight pounds more 'en me, and tonight is my thirty-first
birthday, so we are both well matched - think ya can take this ol' lady
down?"
    "Happy BIrthday, Tough Tina - I hope you can rassle as well as you look.  
We must celebrate your birthday - where is your husband?" I asked, holding 
my breath, now that the challenge had been made and accepted.
    "Gone.  Divorced eight years - he couldn't wrestle worth beans," this
charming sexy woman said, as she leaned over to blow in my ear!
    "Keep that up and I'll pin you ass to the floor right here and rape ya,"
I said.
    "You won't rape me OR pin me - but if you can make me 'give' you can
have me.  How about that?"  How about that - now I wanted to wrestle Tough 
Tina for sure!
    So it was agreed we would have a night out partying and rasslin'!
    We ate medium-rare steaks, washed down with wine and a couple of
screwdrivers at the Dupont, where Tough Tina was staying.  She was easy 
to talk to, and I enjoyed our double-talk about fighting and screwing 
very much.  We sat close, and while we waited for the dessert cart, I 
folded her into my arms for a deep throat kiss, which made her struggle 
against me, tits melting into my chest as I massaged her back down to 
her buns.  We were both hot to get it on after supper.  After paying the 
bill, we then went up to her room.  She had a suite.  One room had a king-
sized bed, a second room chairs and a coffee table.  We moved the furniture 
until we had a space about 16' by 16' to fight.  Sheets and blankets were 
spread to save us from mat burns, and of course we agreed that we couldn't 
use most flying holds or such basic throws as overhead body slams.  So we 
agreed to confine our moves mainly to the slams and other easy throws for 
take-downs.  But all holds were legal on the mat, the harder and tougher the 
better she liked it, Tough Tina said.  That gave me clear rein to work her 
over with my best mat holds.  I thought.
    Room service brought us drinks and snacks - "for later," Tough Tina said,
then she excused herself to go change.  I always wear spandex short trunks
when I am on the prowl for a woman wrestler, so it was simple for me to drop
my pants, coat, shirt, tie and then undershirt, shoes and socks off, and I
was ready to take this older woman down.  The age difference really made me
excited for some reason.  She looked so damn strong and capable!  A woman
who liked to rassle men!  I felt lucky to have found her, and I was in for a
real fight!
    Tough Tina came out dressed to do battle!  I damn near dropped my teeth!  
Her tits and ass were covered with a two-piece suit in front, which became a
wide strap in back.  She slowly turned for my pleasure, and I saw that the
suit came to a strap as it passed between her legs, allowing her buttocks
open range as it widened above the firm, round globes, then parting to
become straps over her shoulders, which I wanted to maul so very much,
cutting away sharply to show most of her belly, navel winking at me, an
inner' "come and get me" and ending in the small triangle covering her
vagina.  Her brown pubic hair was stiff and stood out around the suit bottom
at her crotch, looking so sexy I wanted to get into her first and then
wrestle.
    Tough Tina had several streaks of gay in her hair, but the dark brown 
meant to me that she was far from being over the hill in the age department.  
The softness of the hair color seemed to make her all the more desirable as 
a wrestling opponent.  Her fingernails were short; pink polish on finger and
toenails lent an air of charm and sophistication to the battle we were about
to begin.  She was all woman, and a wrestler besides!  All I had to do was
pin her!
    It was her skin that really surprised me.  I expected a gal this old to
have skin like dead parchment.  Hers was golden brown clear to the iron
triangle of her muff - she sun-bathed every day, she told me later, swam and
worked out at the gym to stay in shape.  And wrestled every chance she got
to get on the mat.
    But her tits were the fantastic showpiece.  The bra was a cover, not
holder, for them, and they swayed back and forth beautifully as Tough Tina 
moved. The were POINTED, not drooping as one would expect; big, firm melons 
ready to be fondled, sucked and worked over on the mat or in bed.  She was 
damp from a quick shower, and I knew she would smell good all over - even 
if she got my head between her legs in a crotch-smothering scissors, a hold 
I love to be in.
    "God, you're lovely," I exclaimed.  "Are you sure you wanna rassle?"
    "What's the matter, chicken-shit - scared I'll beat you up?" Tough Tina
smirked, as she moved toward me.
    "I'm glad you came by the booth, Tough Tina," was all I could think to 
say as I started to drool as she did a small dance for me, increasing my 
hardon.  "But why ME - how come you wanna rassle ME?" I questioned.  "I'm 
delighted, if you didn't know!"
    "Ever since I was a small girl I loved to wrestle.  I was sent to a
boarding school by my folks when I was little - third grade, it was; then on
to private schools till I finished college, majoring in physical education.
I wrestled girls, but usually I beat them so bad and so fast that they were
seldom a challenge for me.  I thought of being a professional wrestler, but
the idea of travelling every day or so, sleazy motels, and 'putting out' for
agents didn't appeal to me.  So I teach PE at my college and look for MEN to
wrestle.  I have lots of time off, all summer if I want, and lots of week-
vacations and conventions where I can do my best out-of-town hunting.  I
love to make men submit to my holds on the mat - you're gonna' do it too,
lover boy."
    "Son-of-a-gun, that's what I do, too - look for women to wrestle for the
pure fun of getting a gal in an inescapable hold, then throwing the meat to
her," I said.  We laughed at then, then turned toward each other ready for
the first fall.  No rules, just wrestle until one or the other of us was
forced to submit to some painful submission hold.  Tough Tina was really 
into wrestling, I could tell.
    "Don't worry if the top comes off - that will make getting at my breasts
easier for you, "Tough Tina grinned as she advanced across the sheet-covered
carpet, hands outstretched, crouched sideways in a standard wrestler's
position.
    "Oh, they will get uncovered - very soon, since I'm a tit man as well as
a rassler," I responded, leaping at her and getting her in a hangman's noose
from the rear.  I lifted her up off her feet and felt the woman struggle as
I tightened the hold, then dropped to my knees, taking her over my head to
land on her knees.  I shifted to her back then, both hands going for her
tits, shoving the covering off them and giving each one a hard squeeze.
Then as she fell forward on her belly, I clamped on a full nelson.  Tough Tina
was in trouble and knew it - "You DO know how to rassle, don't ya?" she said
through clenched teeth, as I tightened the nelson around her neck.
    "Yeah, better than you, bitch," I whispered in her ears I tightened the
hold.  Then I made a mistake, two actually.  Telling her I was better at
wrestling was a dumb thing to say, because it made her pissed at me.  I
tried to grapevine her legs for a quick combination submission.  I missed
her legs - Tough Tina rolled me off her back and punched my belly, making 
me lose the nelson, as she powered her arms down, and suddenly she was free!
    The woman wrestler was on her knees facing me as I moved into a like
position.  Then we really started to wrestle each other; I punched her tits,
she dropped onto me, applying a reverse nelson.  I shoved her off, hitting
her with a shoulder block, and got a side headlock in return.  On our feet I
gave her a spinning back kick, which she followed with a knee lift that sent
me crashing to the floor.  I rolled up, taking Tough Tina in an armdrag takedown,
changing to a crucifix and poured on the pressure.  She gave me the first
fall, but it had been a rough one, lasting about half an hour.
    We had a beer and rested a few minutes.  The the "old lady" surprised me
with a snap mare, following me down to clamp on a single Boston crab on my
leg, and pulled till I was sure she would snap my spine!
    I twisted and kicked at her, making her drop my leg, and I stood up.
Mistake - Tough Tina was behind me, and clamped on a sleeper hold, which 
took us both slowly to the mat.  Her arms were SO strong, I finally went 
out from the hold, and she brought me around with the traditional fist in 
the back.  The fall went less than five minutes!
    Before we could rest, I grabbed her between the legs with one hand and
around the neck with the other and tossed her to the floor with a solid body
slam.  One, two, three times I dropped this fighting machine, then dropped
my elbow into her belly as I splashed her.  She tried for a crotch kick,
which missed but landed on my leg with painful force.  I went for a front
headlock, held her by the head with one arm, pulling her up over my
outstretched knee, second arm between her now-damp legs in a backbreaker.
My hard-on was back as I felt her body shake as I fondled her groin while
pulling down on her head, knowing the agony she was feeling from the stretch
of her body over my knee.  It felt good to have her helpless, and I allowed
my hand to wander between her legs.
    Tough Tina groaned from the solid hold and also from something else - 
she was getting off on my fingering her pussy!
    She screamed then from the feelings I was giving her.  I pushed her off
my knee onto her belly, jumped her body applying a camel clutch to her chin
and finished her with a double leg grapevine, stretching her as far as I
could while she moaned and finally grunted out, "I give, bastard!" as I
worked the holds.
    We rested, had a bite to eat and more booze than I care to remember.
Still Tough Tina wanted to rassle - and I just couldn't say no!
    I didn't want to ruin her image of herself as a female wrestler, but I
was determined to punch her card for her at least.
    We agreed to start in the referee's position the next fall.  Tough Tina was
on top, and when she said "go" she took me in a solid hammerlock, forcing me
flat, then changing to an arm bar, then a brag as she wiggled me into a
solid head scissors.  I clamped a hand on one big tit, hoping to hurt her,
but she seemed to enjoy my hold and increased the power of her scissors
until I thought my head would crack.  This was turning into a war between
two very capable wrestlers.  I punched her a couple of times and escaped her
hold.  Then I rolled over behind Tough Tina, catching her left arm and right leg
and pulling them back in a well-executed bow and arrow, with my boot in the
small of her back, just above her lovely ass as leverage.  I poured on the
pain, and Tough Tina had tears in her eyes before she submitted to me.
    Not satisfied, I dumped her on the floor as she started to stand, jumped
her back as she began to roll, and applied a diamond drill-twist to her sore
neck.  I kept up the pain of the twist as I grabbed her arm, forcing it
behind her back in a hammerlock.  Up, up, up higher I pushed it until I was
afraid I would damage her shoulder.  Then I dropped the twist and pulled her
other arm behind her, taking both in a surfboard.  I stood then with one
foot in the small of her back - about where I had it when she gave from the
bow and arrow, and pulled until she submitted again.  Submit, shit, she
screamed and begged to be released!  I was sorry she submitted, her jugs
were about to split out of the top she almost was still wearing!
    It had been a hand-to-hand duel between two experienced wrestlers, a go-
to-the-mat death struggle with plenty of suffering and not a little grab-ass
on my part as well as Tough Tina's.
    We agreed to quit then, shower and - well we spent the night together.
Not much sleeping until the wee hours of the morning.
    I had booth duty at 11 AM that morning, so we awakened, wrestled some
more, then had breakfast in the room.  This schedule continued for three
glorious days.  We fought some 20 falls, I won 12, Tough Tina took me in eight.
I discovered she had an effective cradle which made me submit when she could
roll me up in it.  Also she was expert with the Indian death lock, or
figure-four leg strangle.  She was fast, strong and hard-wrestling on the
mat and a joy for me.  My first "older woman" was indeed a champion
wrestler!
    One day I asked her how, aside from early childhood, she loved to
wrestle and be wrestled.  Tough Tina said she liked the close physical feeling,
the sensation of taking a man down and making him "give" to her.  She also
liked being pinned by a man, which I expect was the honest reason she was
such a willing woman wrestler.
    I correspond with her on occasion, and she says she is older, but still
a good wrestler.  I hope to find out on a trip sometime soon!  Tough Tina made a
believer out of me - older is indeed better when it comes to women who
wrestle men, at least for me!

--
