         TICKLE TOWERS

           (part 3)



Malachi walked slowly, menacingly to
where Bethany lay. He glanced admiringly
at her bikini-clad form, softly 
caressing her stomach, causing Bethany
to titter softly, despite the fact that
the very sight of this man frightened
her. 


Malachi was a muscular man of 6'5", with
dark, piercing eyes, gleaming white
teeth, and cocoa-colored skin. His
short dreadlocks seemed to dance as he 
spoke. "Ticklish there, hmm?" Bethany
was entranced by his british accent.
"Good. You look like a good victim." He
continued. "It is my hope that you will
not only learn a lesson, but that you
will love it!"


Bethany cleared her throat. "I hate to
be tickled -- I've always hated it. I
don't mean to be disrespectful, but I
think it is a waste of both our time to
go on with this nonsense." She feared
Malachi would become enraged, yet he
seemed somewhat amused. "Oh? And why is
that?

" he queried.


"Because," she replied with confidence,
"tickling is such a childish game! 
Really, it isn't something for mature
adults, especially to be so consumed
with it like these people are -- such as
yourself."


Malachi stared at her. He liked her
spunk, and told her so. She smiled to 
herself. You've got him eating out of
your hands, baby, she thought silently.
Malachi called for Suki. He asked about
Jason. "He's ok, just a little weak."
she replied. "Good. I'll need your 
assistance with this one. She will get
it worse than he did."


Bethany's eyes widened. "I thought you
liked my spunk!" she wailed. "Oh, I do!"
he chuckled. "I always spare no torture
for those I really like! Suki, better
get Beverly and Cinnamon to assist."


Suki left the room and Malachi untied
Bethany. "Now, let's make this as easy
on yourself as possible, Miss 
Chamberlain. Don't get any funny ideas
about trying to run away, or struggling
when I carry you." He carried her in
his arms effortlessly, his rippling
biceps glistening with perspiration.


Suki returned with two beautiful young
women, a blonde and a brunette, each 
with long fingernails, thought Bethany
ruefully. "Beverly, Jasmine, where is
Cinnamon?" bellowed Malachi.


"Here I am," purred a gorgeous redhead,
baring the longest nails Bethany had 
ever seen on a person. She knew these 
women were going to tickle-torture her
beyond her worst imagination! "I thought
you might be fatigued, Malachi, and 
would prefer to instruct us as to what
you want. Ashleigh has told me all about
her cousin, and I would love a crack at 
her."


Malachi smiled slyly. "Yes. I am a bit
tired. The four of you may begin ,
according to my instructions, and I'll
jump in when I feel stronger."


Bethany was restrained on the wall, 
where Jason had been tortured minutes
earlier. The four women walked up to 
her, and Bethany pleaded, "No, please!"
"Never learn, do ya, sweetie?" Cinnamon
said rhetorically. 


They proceeded as ordered by Malachi.
Beverly stood on a step ladder near
Bethany's right side. She bared her long
nails and started lightly scraping them
under Bethany's right armpit. Bethany
was extremely ticklish there, and burst
into a fit of giggles. "Stop! Please!"
she gasped, but Beverly was only 
beginning. She tickled Bethany all over
the right side of her body, except for 
the leg and foot. Bethany shook all
over. Her giggles were now hysterical
laughter. "Oh god, please, " she cried.


Beverly tickled Bethany's right side
with the nails of her right hand. With
her left she slowly, tortuously 
tormented Bethany's right hip, which
drove her wild with laughter. Bethany
couldn't stop laughing, and tears 
fell down her face. 


Jasmine stood on a stepladder on 
Bethany's left. She bared her long nails
and started scraping them along Bethany's
left armpit, neck, ribs and hip, causing
Bethany to thrash her head from side to
side. This was too much for her to take!
Being tickled by two people was beyond
what she thought she could bear! But 
there was more.


Suki placed her hands on Bethany's knees
and said, "Beg me to tickle your knees,
Beth." Bethany couldn't stop laughing,
so Suki shouted, "Disobeying an order?
My, you are dense! Ashleigh tells me 
that the knees are one of your torture
zones. I give you one last chance. Beg
me to tickle your knees, Bethany!"
"Never!" Bethany yelled defiantly.


Suki swiftly ran her fingers under 
Bethany's knees, thighs and calves,
causing Bethany to shriek loudly. She
begged for mercy, but Malachi ordered
more hellacious tickling. The three
women were ruthless in their torture,
scraping their nails over every inch of
Bethany's ticklish body. Even though
45 minutes of the infernal tickling had
passed, it was to continue. Cinnamon was
anxious for her turn. She told the other
three to cease their tickling. She then
looked lovingly at Bethany's vulnerable
tummy, exposed for anyone to tickle at
will. Cinnamon took her index finger and
scraped her nail across Bethany's 
stomach, "writing," "Bethany is a bad
girl." ten times. Cinnamon then tickled
the small of Bethany's back, a spot
Bethany didn't even realize was ticklish
 causing her to shriek again. More tears
flowed, and Cinnamon laughed, saying,
"I guess you're really touched, huh?
Here, have some more!"


Cinnamon increased the torture, by 
scraping all ten nails all over Bethany,
in lightning-fast motion, then 
instructed the other three to continue
where they left off! Bethany was hoarse
from the laughing/crying. She had been
tickled non-stop for 75 minutes, and
her lungs ached from the laughter. 


While Cinnamon tickled her tummy/ribs,
Jasmine tickled Bethany's left underarm
and hip, Beverly tickled Bethany's right
underarm and hip, and Suki tickled her
knees, thighs and calves. Another 15
minutes passed, and Bethany couldn't
utter a sound now. Malachi decided to
make his move. 


He knelt at Bethany's feet and started
tickling her feet. While he did this he
sucked her toes, taking them in his
mouth and swirling his tongue around 
her toes. Bethany tried to scream, but
her laughter came out in whimpers. The
combined torture of five people was too
much for Bethany to take. She passed out
after the 127 minute of ticklish torture
!


"Over two hours," Malachi said in
admiration. "She is one of us now!" 
cooed Suki. Malachi smiled. "Not quite.
If she passes the final test -- she is
one of us. Take her and prepare her for
tomorrow." He smiled deviously.


What would happen to Bethany tomorrow?
Tune in for the next installment of

            TICKLE TOWERS!
