


        
        
             TICKLE TOWERS
        
                     (part one)
        
        
        Bethany Chamberlain placed her bag of
        groceries on the kitchen counter and
        answered her ringing telephone. "Hello?"
        "Bethany? It's Ash. Listen, I'm having
        a pool party to end all pool parties
        today. Why don't you come on by?"
        
        Bethany sighed. Her cousin, Ashleigh,
        had moved into a new condo, and she was
        always trying to get her to stop by.
        "I don't know, Ash, I have to clean the
        apartment..."
        
        Ashleigh cut in. "Oh, come on, Beth, I
        am beginning to get insulted. What, are
        you afraid to come by?" "Of course not,
        but..." "Good. See ya in 30 minutes!
        Toodles!"
        
        Bethany resigned herself to the fact 
        that she couldn't win, so she took a
        quick shower, changed, and drove over
        to Templeman Towers, the condo Ashleigh
        lived in. 
        
        When Ashleigh saw her cousin her eyes
        glared. "For goodness sakes, Beth, this
        is a *pool* party; where is your bathing
        suit?" Bethany stared at the floor,
        hemming and hawing, till Ashleigh said,
        "Here! Take this." She thrust a bikini
        at her. "It's all I have. Loosen up
        for just one day, ok? For me?"
        
        Bethany sighed and went to change into
        the scanty pink 2-piecer, regretting
        the night ahead. Little did she know
        what lay ahead!
        
        Ashleigh brought a bronzed adonis over
        to the chaize lounge Bethany lounged on.
        "Michael, this knockout is my cousin,
        Bethany. She's um, new here, so, uh,
        make her feel at home, ok?" Michael had
        a wicked gleam in his eye that gave 
        Bethany the willys. "Nice to meet you,
        Michael, but, if you don't mind, I
        really would just like to lie here for






        awhile."
        
        Ashleigh winked at Michael. "No problem.
        Come on, Michael, let's let her rest."
        As the two walked away Bethany couldn't
        help but wonder what her cousin was up
        to. She pushed these thoughts aside and
        closed her eyes.
        
        After what seemed to be 5 minutes or so,
        Bethany felt 2 hands on her feet. She
        opened her eyes to see a handsome guy
        seated at the foot of the lounge. "Hi,
        there," he said devilishly. "My name's
        Jason. You looked so comfortable, yet
        you still have your flip-flops on." He
        gently removed them and said,"You have
        lovely feet, Bethany. They're so soft.
        Are you ticklish?"
        
        Bethany's mind raced. She knew Ashleigh
        had set her up. When they were kids,
        Ashleigh derived great delight in seeing
        her cousin tickled. She used to tell 
        the other kids to hold Bethany while 
        several others (Ashleigh especially)
        would tickle her till tears poured down
        her face.
        
        She had to think fast. "No, Jason, I'm
        not in the least bit ticklish, so please
        take your hands off my feet!"
        
        Jason grinned. "Funny, but I hear you 
        are extremely ticklish!" He started to
        run his fingers under the soles of her
        feet. She stifled a giggle. "Please,"
        the words were muffled. "Aww, is th
        baby ticklish?" He said mockingly. 
        
        His fingers accelerated in rapid motions
        around her soles, insteps, all the way
        up to Bethany's knees, a very ticklish
        spot. She burst out laughing, her entire
        body a mass of quivers. "P-p-please, 
        don't!"
        
        Ashleigh walked over and laughed. "Sorry
         cuz, but this is your coming out party.
        After this night is over, you will be
        tickle-tortured beyond your wildest
        dreams! Greg! Tony! Come on, let's take
        her inside!"
        
        Bethany kicked Jason's hands away and






        made a run for it. She heard Ashleigh
        scream, "Get her! Now she'll get DOUBLE
        the torture!"
        
        Bethany ran into the lobby. Seeing a 
        door leading to the basement, she opened
        it and ran down the steps, to at a time,
        till she reached the boiler room. "Hi,
        Beth," a voice said. She turned around,
        horrified to see Max, Ashleigh's older
        brother, standing there. "Please, Max,
        pretend you didn't see me," she pleaded.
        He shook his head and grinned. "Sorry,
        Bethany, you might just as well accept
        it. Come with me," he held a hand out.
        "No!" she screamed. He sighed. "OK,
        have it your way. I guess we'll have to
        do this the hard way."
        
        He reached for her and whispered in her
        ear. "Are you still ticklish here?" and
        started tickling her under arms. She
        doubled over and squealed wth horror/
        delight. "Now, I'll stop if you come
        along with me." "OK,OK, I'll go with
        you!" she gasped.
        
        As they reached the top of the steps,
        Ashleigh greeted them with a sneer. 
        "Ready for a good laugh, cuz?" She
        pulled out several stiff feathers from
        behind her back. 
        
        Will Bethany escape, or will she be 
        tickle-tortured? Tune in for the next
        installment of TICKLE TOWERS!
        



