             TICKLE TOWERS



Bethany struggled with every fiber of 
her body to pull free from Michael's
grasp, so he picked her up and slung her
over his shoulder. Mrs. Davidson smiled
coyly at Bethany. "I might advise you,
dear not to behave like that in the 
presence of Malachi. You'll surely
regret it."

Michael walked to the elevator. To 
Bethany's surprise and dismay, he pushed
the down button, which meant she w
being taken to the basement! What could
this Malachi person be like to 
frighten even the tickling devotees at
Ashleigh's party? Bethany kicked and
tpounded on his back, but to no avail.

Inside the elevator Michael whistled 
low. "Man, you're in for it now. Mrs. D
must be pretty mad at you to send you to
Malachi, on your first day, no less!"
"Please, Michael, let me go! I won't
tell, honest!"

"You're digging a deeper hole for 
yourself. I must tell Malachi everything
you say." 

"Why?!?"

"Because, you will not learn untill you
are totally obediant. Malachi's the
ultimate. He shows no mercy. None!"

The elevator stopped and Michael carried
Bethany over to a makeshift waiting room
that was dark and dingy. He placed her
on a gurney and tied her wrists and 
ankles to it with rope. "I gotta give
the report." He went through a door and
Bethany was all alone. After a minute or
two he came out and said, "He'll be a 
few minutes; he's disciplining someone
now." With that he was gone.

Suddenly, Jason appeared. "Hi, Beth," 
he squeezed her hand. I know you're 
scared." 

"Jason, why are all the tickling fans
so afraid of Malachi? I thought they
love to be tickled!"
"We do, but not at the hands of Malachi!
He's ruthless! He used to work at a
female prison. When the women would get
into 

trouble, such as rioting, he was hired 
to act as disciplinarian. They couldn't
beat the women, so they were brought to
him, one by one and he would tickle them
literally for hours on end! His love for
tickling was his downfall, however."

"Why's that?" Bethany queried.

"Well, when word spread of Malachi's
infernal tickling, the inmates behaved
like children at christmastime. He was
getting restless, so one day he chatting
with the warden in her office and 
discussed tickling. When he found out
her feet were extremely ticklish he 
pulled her feet onto his lap and tickled
them for hours, without any resting
period! She wet her chair, and he was
canned."

"Well, Jason, I didn't know this was the
storytime hour." A deep, british-accented

voice said sarcastically.

Jason went pale. "M-m-malachi! I-I was
just..." "Get in that room!" Malachi
bellowed. "And wheel her in, too!"

Bethany gasped when she saw the "room."
It was a dungeon, with nearly a dozen
Mercy-styled torture racks in it. There
were also shackles and stocks on the 
walls, floor and ceiling! There was a 
woman stripped to her underwear in the
middle of the room. She was gasping for
air. "Now, Lucy, when you are on an 
assignment, you never forget to bring
the feathers. Am I right?"

"Yes, yes," she gasped. "Yes, Malachi."
He smiled wickedly and unshackled her.
She grabbed her clothes and ran.

Malachi turned to Bethany. "I understand
you've displeased Mrs. Davidson. You
will learn not to repeat that mistake.
But first I will punish Jason in front
of you, so you can get an idea of what
kind of torture you will suffer!"

Malachi pointed to a wall that had hand
and feet shackles on it. Jason proceeded
to walk over to it and Malachi locked
him in. Jason was wearing only a bikini
bathing trunks, so his eagle-spread
form was quite vulnerable.

Malachi went to a closet to get some
contraption. It was a hand mixer! In the
place of the mixing wands were two long
feathers that rotated when he turned the

% Message size limit exceeded
Malachi held the mixer so the rotating
feathers skirted around Jason's stomach.
Jason started howling with laughter. He
begged between laughs for mercy, but
Malachi was in obvious heaven, by the 
look of glee on his face. He ran the 
mixer over Jason's sides and armpits,
causing Jason to laugh on top of his
lungs. "Oh god, please, Malachi, stop!
Hahahahahah!!!!!"

But Malachi was just beginning. He took
another mixer out and placed them in 
slots on the wall, so that they tickled
Jason's right and left side, so Malachi
could use his hands else where. He took
out a jar of honey and brushed it on 
with a paint brush, causing Jason to
laugh so hysterically tears streamed 
down his cheeks. Malachi brushed the 
honey on Jason's feet, on the soles,
the insteps, even between the toes!

"Suki!" Malachi yelled. A striking young
Asian woman entered. "Yes?" Her eyes
followed his index finger. She giggled.
"Oh, Malachi, how sweet! You know how I
love the taste of honey!"
Malachi turned off the mixers so that
the only sensation Jason would feel was
Suki's tongue. Suki bent down and licked
Jason's right sole, causing him to go
wild with ticklish torture. Apparently,
this was Jason's most ticklish spot,
because he was laughing/crying at a
feverish pitch. 

Suki tantalized Jason's toes with her
tongue, slowly licking between them in
circular motion. It took 15 minuted for
Her to lick all the honey off. But she
didn't stop. While she licked one foot 
she tickled his other foot with her long
nails, causing him to actually pass out!

Bethany was frightened, yet she knew
deep down, that she enjoyed watching the
torture. Malachi turned to Suki and said
"He's done with. Damn!" He pounded his
fist on one of the racks. "He only 
lasted 85 minutes." His eyes fell on
Bethany and he smiled devilishly. "Suki,
make him come to, and take him out of
here! The night has just begun!"

Will Bethany be able to withstand the
tickle-torture Malachi has to offer? 
Tune in next time for part 4 of 

           TICKLE TOWERS!!!