My Tow Headed, Blue Eyed, Good Looking Nephew
By L.A. Guy
 
My favorite nephew's parents are away for the weekend, and 
they asked me to stay with him. The boy feels a strong 
attraction for me, and we like being with each other. He is tow 
headed, blue-eyed, and good looking, with an infectious 
smile, and a lean, nicely formed body. He is full of energy, 
and once his initial shyness evaporates, he enjoys 
roughhousing, playful wrestling, and horsing around. He is 
ticklish, and he giggles when I tickle him. We wrestle and I 
tickle him. I also encourage him to tickle me as well. The boy 
giggles as he does, so I tickle him again and again. Each times 
he finds the tickling almost unbearable, and tries to roll away, 
laughing and crying, "I give up. I give up!"
 
I feel his little penis bulging against the cloth of his shorts, and 
I tickle it playfully. He giggles again, and writhes and wiggles 
away. The motion of his body against mine is exciting and my 
erection grows. I tickle his little weiner again, and once again, 
gauging his reaction, sensing his growing arousal. I urge him, 
"You can tickle me there too."
 
Ingrained training restrains the boy, but I am acutely aware of 
his growing arousal and his growing  awareness of his own 
compulsive need. Bashfully at first, and then with growing 
boldness, he does tickle  my weiner, and I pretend to find it 
unbearable and wriggle away too.
 
We continue playfully wrestling, roughhousing and tickling 
each other's weiners until I sense his readiness. I gradually 
transform my playful tickle into a stroking touch, and I sense 
his erotic response. Slowly, deliberately, he feels for my 
bulging erection and stokes it. Erotic animal sensations 
permeate my body.
 
Animal cravings now control me. Sensuously, my fingers feel 
along his erection, gently and slowly unbuttoning his trousers. 
I feel his rigid little penis through his briefs. Finally I feel for 
it, and pull out his naked little weiner. The sensation of the 
boy's rigid little penis in my fingers gives me a very special 
sense of erotic pleasure. Gently I fondle it, tug it, and pump it, 
while his body goes rigid, frozen, inert. He is unable to resist, 
even if he wanted to.
 
Compulsively, his little fingers grip my erection even tighter. 
He unzips my trousers, feels for the bulge of my erection, and 
strokes it thought the cloth of my briefs. Finally he has my 
naked weiner free, and he wraps his little fingers around it.
 
We pump each other slowly for a while, and then begin to go 
faster, savoring the feel of each other's weiners in our hands. 
The boy climaxes, his little squirt of semen, and my much 
larger one runs down our fingers, into our pants, and onto the 
rug.
 
We cannot leave each other alone. We make love to each other 
over and over again. Our tongues search every part of the 
other's body, leaving no spot untouched. We make love on the 
kitchen floor, our pants pulled down, naked weiners rubbing 
up against each other. We make love on the stairs to the 
bedroom loft, kissing while we pump each other's weiners.
 
I sit on the toilet, and the boy comes into the bathroom, pulls 
down his pants and shorts, and I lick his testicles slowly, 
working my way up to his little swollen shaft. We watch 
television, and the boy cuddles up to me, his little fingers 
caressing my thighs, feeling for me erection. He lies on his 
stomach on the living room carpet and  I kneel down beside 
him, pulling down his pants and briefs, feeling his naked little 
ass.
 
We swim in the apartment swimming pool, resting with one 
hand on the drainage lip, the other hand under the water 
feeling each other up. We lie on the balcony lounge chair, 
reverse saddle, pants and briefs down, sucking each other's 
weiners, semen dripping from our lips and chins. We take 
baths together, sitting naked in the tub, kissing and jacking 
each other off. He stands peeing in the toilet, and I come up 
behind him and hold his penis for him. He has difficulty 
finishing as his little penis grows rigid.
 
I fuck him for the first time on the kitchen table, straddling him 
naked, guiding his legs around my neck, smearing his little ass 
with Crisco, gently inserting my cock, and slowly rocking 
back and forth. 
 
We sleep together. In the bedroom I guide him to the bed, 
lying him on his back. I kneel over him, straddling him and he 
presses his lips to mine. Our tongues slide erotically against 
each other, and out tongues search each other's mouths. I 
begin to rock back and forth, my erection rubbing against his 
little weiner. The entire night is a prolonged and repeated 
ecstasy. 
 
How delicious to wake up in the middle of the night and feel 
for his naked little weiner. How delicious to lick his testicles 
and his weiner, feeling it grow more rigid as I take it into my 
mouth and suck it. How delicious to feel him responding, 
turning down to suck on my prick, and to feel his tongue 
dancing around my testicles.
 
How delicious the taste his semen squirting into my mouth. 
How wonderful to come to a climax in his mouth, squirting 
my semen into him, both our fluids dripping  down onto the 
bed clothing.
 
How delicious while he is asleep to run my fingers along his 
little ass, to pull down his briefs and caress his bare little ass, 
feeling his fingers reaching back for my erection.
 
How delicious to wake up in the morning with his cute little 
body cuddled against mine, and to just lay there enjoying the 
feeling until he wakes up and runs his little fingers along my 
chest, abdomen, and finally finds my erection.
 
At breakfast the boy cannot keep his hands from my body. He 
craving is once again awakened. I cannot be appeased. His 
fingers trace my chest, abdomen, and down to my rear, 
reaching around to cup my testicles, fingers reaching for my 
penis, sensuously pulling and pumping.
 
This was the first of many weekends together. Often too, his 
parents would let him sleep over on school nights. I would 
drive him to school in the morning, and he would grab my 
weiner, tugging and caressing it on the way. I muse continually 
on his cute little penis, his tow headed, blue-eyed good looks.
