Archive-name: Bondage/toys.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: Toys


I. Manipulated by Another Woman

She lay on the bed looking up at the biggest, hairiest balls
she had ever seen on a man. "Open your mouth!", his voice was
gruff with excitement.  As she opened her mouth to accept his
huge organ into her warm, wet cavity, she felt a touch on her
thighs.  She started to turn her head, but his hands caught and
held her still. 
 
Her heart pumping faster with excitement, she took his stiffened
cock into her mouth and waited for the next assault on her exposed
and vulnerable cunt. She had no idea who was kneeling between her
spread legs. The man's balls swinging in her face blocked her view.
Nothing happened.  She started to concentrate on giving the man 
above her the best blow job of his life.  Her tongue made wet circles
on the sides of his shaft. Her cheeks hollowed as she sucked and 
slurped to create a strong suction on his cock. Saliva dribbled on
her chin as she strove to give him satisfaction. She moved her head 
to bring the tip of his cock between her cheek and teeth, all the 
while massaging his dick with her tongue.
 
That touch on her thighs again!? This time it was a little oily.
Hands, not his, began to explore her cunt.  Carefully the folds
of her outer cuntlips were spread and a finger gently circled the
outer edge of her cunthole.  Then her clit was touched and pinched
lightly.  Two hands spread her legs even farther apart and lifted
her ass to expose her asshole.  An oily finger rubbed and pressed
against the puckered opening. She was totally exposed to this 
unknown person's eyes. She could feel them visually exploring her
cunt and ass. She shivered as the hands of the man she was supposed
to be sucking off slapped the inside of her thigh. "Pay attention!
Don't stop sucking!"
 
Her attention recalled, she tried to keep from wondering what the
next assault on her exposed cunt and ass would bring.  She licked
at the Cock in her mouth and pressed it firmly with her lips.  The
head of the Cock felt smooth against the roof of her mouth.  The feel
of Cock in her mouth made her cunt slick with juice.  She couldn't
admit yet that she wanted the unknown person to invade her cunt too.
She was getting more and more excited by the unknown.  Suddenly,
over the sounds of her slurping and sucking she heard a buzzing 
noise. It sounded, no, it couldn't be. He had never tried to use
a vibrator on her before. 
 
She tried to move the man from her face to see what was about to 
happen to her.  Panic began to rise in her.  He captured her hands 
and began to tell her how watching her pussy and asshole being 
stretched by a vibrator and a womans fingers was going to turn him on
almost as much as having her sucking cock was turning him on. 
 
Woman? Her eyes flew open wider. Another woman was going to put
things in her cunt and ass? She began to shake her head no. With
care to keep her from seeing who was between her legs, her lover
repositioned himself to get the best view of her cunt and ass and
still get his Cock sucked. This was a fantasy they had discussed
many times. It turned her on, in theory, but now she was a little
frightened.  "Trust me," he whispered.
The buzzing noise began again. The smooth tip of the vibrator was
pressed against the closed pucker of her asshole. The gentle motion
sent shivers of delight radiating into her cunt and ass.  She felt 
warm oil being dripped into the crack of her ass. It slid down until
it reached her closed hole and the vibrating toy was moved to massage
the oil into the tight pucker.  The better the actions on her captive
body made her feel, the more intensely she sucked on the cock in her
mouth.  The tip of the vibrator slipped into her ass. The warm oil
again started to slide down her crack.  A hand with long feminine
nails rubbed the oil into her asscrack. Then it stroked upward to 
push oil into her cunt hair and around her clit. Two fingers slipped
into her cunt and the vibrator was shoved farther into her ass.
The fingers massaged the inner walls of her cunt.  She could feel the 
vibrator on one side and the fingers on the other of the delicate
membrane separating her cunt from her rectum.  She began to rotate
her hips seeking the pressure where she needed it most to come.
 
The unknown woman chose that moment to place her mouth squarely over
her clit and suck.  She could feel soft, long hair brushing her legs
as the wet, warm, raspy tongue flicked her clit.  It was enough!
Just as she released the Cock by opening her mouth wide to pant her
orgasm, the man above her released his own flood of come into her 
waiting mouth. Desperately she swallowed his offering as wave after
wave of hot fire coursed from her cunt to her ass and made her tits
feel sensitive to the air around her. Even as her orgasm peaked and
began to subside, the unknown woman kept sucking on her clit. Her
expertise kept tides of orgasm surging through the captive body 
below. Finally, the mouth and tongue ceased their action. The 
vibrator was left in place. A blindfold was gently placed over her
eyes and she was left to rest for a bit.
 

II. Enemas

She lay on the bed, droplets of sweat beading the flesh of her forehead.
Her legs were splayed wide and the end of a vibrator was visible where
it was shoved high up into her ass.  The black blindfold contrasted 
boldly with her pale skin.
 
He stood in the door way gazing at her.  She could have removed the
blindfold, but somehow, she felt him there and preferred the safe 
anonymity of the darkness.  He admired how her cunt lips glistened
where his female accomplice had licked and sucked the succulent skin.
He could hear the gentle buzz of the vibrator she had left rammed into
his wife's ass.  All in all his wife made a lovely picture.
 
Quietly he moved into their bedroom.  On their dresser were two long
pieces of silk he had placed there earlier.  Taking them in his hand 
he tied one loop securely in one end of each length of silk.  Carefully
approaching the bed he looped the ends over the bedposts.  Working 
rapidly, not giving her a chance to struggle he then tied one wrist to 
each post.  Now she couldn't change her mind about the blindfold.  
The vibrator was also beyond her control.  Reaching down between 
her legs he softly drew one finger across the soft skin between her
pussy and anus.  She stiffened at his touch.  As he touched the end
of the vibrator, he dialed it to it's highest setting and then 
silently left the room.
 
Her hips bucked as the quivering of the shaft in her asshole became
a more insistent vibration.  She strained her hands against the re-
straining silk. He had tied her well.  An ex-Navy man, she expected
nothing less of him.  Behind her blindfold, she could envision her-
self as she must appear to anyone in their bedroom.  The covering
on her eyes and restraining silk, allowed her the luxury of enjoying
the sensations in her body without requiring her conscious submission.
 
The vibrator sent pulses of pleasure throughout her body. She could 
feel the shaft deep in her anal passage. It stretched the previously
unopened sphincter until it was almost painful.  The slick walls of
her rectum answered the pulses of the vibrator with a tightening and
loosening massage.  She couldn't judge well the passage of time. All
her attention was focused on the building force of sensation in her
captive body.  The resonance in her ass was building a wet, empty 
feeling in her pussy. Soon, she knew, she would start to writhe 
with her need to have a something in her pussy to hump against. 
Soon, she would do anything to be allowed to have a mega-orgasm.
 
The sensations in her lower body heighted the senses she was still
allowed to use. Her nipples could feel each air current that brushed
across her chest not air, hair!  Long hair!  "Who are you?"
she tried to whisper. As she opened her mouth, a cloth gag was 
quickly and smoothly put in place.  Her question came out as a 
mumbled noise.  A woman's voice whispered in her ear "Do you like 
the taste of your panties?  I love to take a helpless woman who
has never been with another woman before.  I like to shove all kinds
of things into every hole she's got.  I will open your ass as wide as
your muscles can stand it. I will accustom you to enemas, spankings, 
and moving around with a dildo in your ass or your cunt. When I am
through with you, your husband will be able to do anything to you
he chooses, and you will learn to like it. You will never know what
I will do next, but you will always know that your husband will 
either be helping me or watching what I do to you. Believe it!"
 
With a sob, she turned her head away from the voice.  Her pussy 
was dripping!  With a moan, she began rubbing her ass against the 
bed.  More more more more more more more more more more beat against
her brain. More pressure, more movement, more sensation.  The 
vibrator was enough to arouse her almost beyond bearing, but not
quite enough to tip her over the edge into orgasm. Frantically
she began bearing down trying to push the pulsating shaft deeper
into her ass. She could feel the rounded tip pressing against the
walls of her rectum. It hurt a little as she stretched the interior
membranes.  The woman straddled her waist.  She could feel the 
unknown female's pussy hairs on her skin.  A sharp smack on her
thigh made her stop all movement.  The woman grasped the humming
vibrator and began twisting it in her asshole. Each revolution of
the shaft made her hips lift from the bed. With a slurping pop,
the vibrator was jerked from her ass.  She moaned and her pelvis
tilted to try and follow it.  
 
Long-nailed fingers opened her ass-cheeks. A finger began working 
into her rosette. Then a second and a third joined it.  The woman
opened and closed her fingers in a scissor motion.  " Feel it 
stretch?  I want to get a dildo with a 2-2 1/2 inch diameter into
your ass. Eventually I will. We'll work up to it. But for now we'll
just add some more oil and massage it into your sphincter muscle."
On those words, the captive felt warm oil being worked into her
asshole.  She could feel the long nails as the unseen woman worked
the oil into her skin, her asshole, and the crack of her ass. Her
cunt was ignored.  The hands left her and the woman got off the 
bed.  She could hear water running in the bathroom.  Then silence 
a moment.
 
"Hello, sweetheart. Having fun?" it was her husband!  He put her
legs together tenderly. Then taking a firm grasp on her ankles
he pushed her legs up until her knees touched her chest.  Her
ass cheeks were spread wide and her glistening, oily rosette 
was vulnerable to whatever torment was next on the list.  She 
could hear footsteps coming from the bathroom.  "I love you,
babe.  I am totally turned on by having this done to you. 
After this weekend, I will do all this to you myself."  He stopped
talking and she could feel his eyes on her asshole. A slender, 
smooth shaft was inserted.  It was pushed DEEP into her hole. 
What ...?  Then, with gurgle, hot water was forced into her rectum 
and on into her lower intestine.  It was HOT.  Tears started to 
leak from her eyes and her hips strained to get away from this 
painful invasion of her body. Her arousal was forgotten.  The
water was forced into her with pressure.  Her legs were allowed
to drop and hang open.  Too late, she realized this allowed more
water to be forced into her already distended abdomen. The spout
was removed and the tip of another shaft centered on her rosy
little hole.  It was pressed deeper and deeper. Her asshole started
to hurt.  It has never been stretched so much!  Her pelvis was
tilted and she felt her husband place himself between her legs.
He put his hand on the shaft entering her and shoved it HARD into
her.  The base widened her hole even more and then her sphincter
tightened around a groove in the base.  She moaned.  She couldn't
get it out with muscle movement, and no water could leak out of 
her rectum either.  Her asshole stung and burned with the unusual
stretching.  She knew getting the butt-plug out would sting.
 
She was sweating from the heat of the water in her body.  It no 
longer hurt her rectum or intestines, but it was still warm. 
"Look, she's a secret slut.  That had to have hurt, but
her pussy is still dripping wet!  Do you want to fuck her?  The
heat from the water will make her cunt feel like a furnace!"
He positioned himself over her. The woman took his hard cock 
between her hands. "Here, let me get it nice and wet for you.
My mouth on your cock into her cunt ..." Slurping sounds.
Then she felt the woman's hands spreading her cunt lips and the
head of her cock at the entrance to her passage.  With one long
push, she felt her pussy filled with cock.
 
"God, so hot, so hot! Unnn, God that's good!" 
Her husband's voice was above her.  At the same time lips and a 
tongue were working on her tits. Her nipples were bitten and 
sucked and licked. The woman squeezed her breasts and nibbled on
her nipples.  The woman paused and said "Here, shove your fingers
into my cunt.  Try to get your fist into my pussy." Then her mouth
returned to the captive nipples.  The woman's head lifted again,
"Don't move your cock.  When the cramps from the enema start, she
will milk your cock for you." A minute later, the truth of that
statement was proved.  The cramps in her gut made her twist and 
buck her hips. She was unable to pay attention to anything but
the conflicting sensations overwhelming her body.  Some pain, 
but mostly intense pleasure. Just as pressure, friction, and
visual stimulation in her brain exploded into orgasm, she felt her 
husbands come explode into her dripping wet sheath.  
 
Seconds later he withdrew and the woman helped her off the bed.
The silk had been loosed from the posts but was still attached
to her wrists. The blindfold was still in place.  She was led
to the bathroom and bent over the tub.  The woman took a secure
hold of the ring set into the base of the butt-plug and jerked!
Her asshole stung and burned as it was swiftly stretched by
the exit of the enormous base of the plug.  She was spun quickly
and set on the toilet just as a huge gush of water emptied itself
from her body.  She was allowed to sit and recover her balance
as the water flowed out of her.  When she was through, she was
bent back over the tub and a second enema of warm soapy water
was delivered.  The plug was reinserted.  As she knelt on the
floor the panties(?) were removed from her mouth. A hand on her
hair guided her mouth to a hair covered mound. "Lick my pussy."
With tentative strokes she licked what she couldn't see until
the cramps started again.  She moaned as she was bent back over
the tub to have the plug jerked out again. A yelp accompanied 
the burning sensation and then she was on the toilet. 
 
After her insides had drained, a third enema, smaller in content, 
but with clear water was forced deep into her.  She
was placed in position and the long nozzle was inserted into her
rectum.  Then it was pushed deeper and deeper into her until she
felt some of the rubber hose enter her hole.  Her asshole was so
loose from the abuse of the butt plug and vibrator that she couldn't
clamp it shut on the hose. It closed around the hose, but without
enough force to shut off the flow of COLD water this time.  The 
woman must have squeezed the bag because the entire flow of cold,
clear water was inside her in seconds. Then with no warning the
nozzle was yanked from her.  She was placed on the toilet and with
no warning or ceremony, a douche nozzle was inserted into her pussy.
While waiting for the clear water to drain from her ass, her 
pussy was treated to three douches.
 
Finally as clean as she could get inside, she was led back to bed 
and placed on her stomach. Her wrists were reattached to the bed
posts and her blindfold removed.  It was dark in the bedroom, the
lights had been turned off. She couldn't see her tormenter. Then
footsteps sounded and the door was closed as the woman left the
room.


III. Anal Taming

Exhausted by the rigorous, sexual manipulation to which she had been
subjected, she fell asleep. Care had been taken that she was retied 
to the four-poster bed on her stomach.  This was her favored sleeping
position. The only discomfort was her arms tied to the bed posts with
silk.  The blindfold had been removed and the gag (panties?) was where-
ever the woman had dropped it.  
 
Sometime later, the door to the bedroom opened on silent hinges. The
woman slept on.  She had not moved.  Still on her belly with legs 
slightly parted, it left both pussy and ass available for any who 
chose to use them.  Still present in the house were the captive's 
husband, and his female accomplice in this weekend of sexual en-
slavement.  The man's captive wife was learning total sexual submission
and a willingness to try anything.  By the end of the weekend, anything
he required, she would provide.
 
The white moon of her ass glimmered in the dark of the master bedroom.
Making no noise, a figure entered the room and set something on the 
floor by the bed.  A second figure entered the room and quietly shut
the door.  The woman quickly mounted the sleeping figure facing the
feet of the supine female.  She jerked and a muffled cry escaped her
as she realized more was to come. She was unable to move very much 
with the woman on her back.  She knew it was a woman, she could feel
the pubic hairs and pussy lips pressed into her spine.  It was still
dark in the bedroom and her face was pressed into the pillow.  She
could turn her head from side to side, but could not see the face of
the woman on her back.
 
Her husband came to the head of the bed.  In his hand was a powerful
flashlight.  He flipped it on and shone the bright light on the pillow
near her head.  "I brought this in so we could see what we are doing
to you.  I will focus it only on your cunt, ass, and maybe tits.  You
may moan, cry, and express sounds of pleasure.  If you scream or yell, 
you will be spanked," he placed a thin switch where she could see it.
It was a long, whippy switch, tightly wrapped in black leather. It 
would sting and burn and leave raised welts. Surely he wouldn't hit
her with it!  She turned her face to the other side in time to see
a woman's arm lift a heavy leather strap from the floor beside the
bed. The woman and her husband fitted the strap around her waist and
buckled it snugly in back.  A second strap attached at the front of
the first was pulled straight down towards her knees.
 
The woman leaned towards her feet and buried all ten fingers in the 
crack of the pale white ass before her.  Then she pulled the two
halves wide apart showing off the clean, tight pucker in the center.
The long, red nails against the snowy skin presented an erotic image
to the entranced male who knelt facing his wife's ass.  He poured some
oil from the bottle in his hand into the open crack and massaged it 
into the exposed puckered rosette. The prone woman stiffened and 
clamped her hole as he dipped one finger into her asshole to moisten
it with the oil.  He withdrew his finger and slapped on full cheek.
"Loosen up!" She tried to relax and only partially succeeded as he
poured more oil and this time used two fingers to fuck her asshole.
Then he used more oil and thoroughly coated her pussy.  When both 
holes were slick and three of his fingers could be inserted with
minimal effort, the woman released the globes of her butt-cheeks
and reached again for something on the floor.  She bit her lips
in apprehension as a double headed dildo was pulled up onto the 
bed with her. It was flexible and looked to be the promised two
inches in diameter.  "Oh, no, no, please don't put that in me.
Please, please, I can't take it, it won't fit, don't make me,
it won't ... Oh!"
 
Her ass was tilted by placing a pillow under her belly. This opened
her legs a little wider and made her snatch more available. Then
while the woman held her pussy lips open with both hands, her 
husband shone the light directly on her snatch and inserted one
end of the dildo into her twat.  Both the man and the woman watched
closely as the dildo stretched her pussy lips. She could feel both
of them staring at her pussy and the fake cock that was invading her
body.  The slickness of the oil made it easier to put it into her
sheath, but it still required some effort. Her walls stretched to 
accommodate the width of it.  Then her husband began to work it 
deeper into her. He watched at the lips of her pussy thinned and 
clasped tight around the shaft he was s-l-o-w-l-y pushing into her
unwilling, but excited body. Centimeter by centimeter he watched
the shaft go in. The pussy hair quivered, the oil shone, the dildo
went farther in.  When he had pressed six inches of pseudo cock into
his wife's cunt, he stopped. The woman, mesmerized by the scene, looked
up into his face, "Now her ass," she whispered.
 
He took the other end of the dildo in his hand. She pulled the full
globes of her butt apart and stretched them open to their widest.
Both of them again watched as he placed the second head against her
tight, brown, little pucker.  "It doesn't look like it will fit, does
it?" she asked.  "We'll make it fit.  Push!"  The woman on the bed
moaned into her pillow as the man put the first pressure against her
asshole.  After all the abuse her back hole had endured, this hurt!
She tried to strain away from him. He just pushed more forward. The
man and woman could see the hole starting to open. The muscle began
to give as the dildo head pressed inward.  The head was finally
lodged inside the sphincter. The woman continued to hold the white
cheeks open so they both could see the cock's progress into the ass.
With a steady pressure, he forced six inches into her ass.  The skin
around her hole stretched and thinned. She could feel the dildo rub
against the membrane between her cunt and rectum, touching the other
half of itself.  
 
The man drew the strap up between her legs and fitted it over the
tiny portion of the two headed monster still outside her body. Then
he fed the end through the buckle on the waist strap, and pulled!
Every possible part of the two headed cock jammed into her holes. She
jumped and moaned again. Tears began to slid down her face as she 
sobbed in pain.  Her husband buckled the strap tightly in place. Cuffs
were fitted to her wrists and the silk removed.  Then her wrists were
fastened to her waist and she was turned onto her back.  Her husband 
mounted her chest and placed his hard, thick cock into her mouth.
 
The woman stood over her head and pushed her magnificent pussy towards
the mans lips.  She saw him open his mouth and take the foreign clit
into his mouth before she shut her eyes and concentrated on the blow
job.  The more she thought about the cock in her mouth, the easier it
was to have the cocks in her other holes.  Both parties above her
were moaning close to orgasm ... Her husband shot his load into her
mouth and the woman above her stiffened and shouted in her own release.
 
The captive was left to fall asleep as best she could. It was a long 
night.


IV. Peaceful Womanly Love
 
She lay on her back looking up at the darkened ceiling.  Her tender 
pussy and ass were filled with the double headed monster her husband 
and some unknown female had firmly inserted into her body.  Her hands
were clipped to the leather belt at her waist by rings set in the 
leather cuffs around her wrists.  The vertical strap ran from her belly
in front, between her legs, and securely up the crack of her ass to 
attach to the leather belt at the small of her back. It held the shafts
filling her holes firmly in place.  
 
Her body had been thoroughly manipulated into orgasm. She had been used
to generate passion in her husband, that was all right, but she had also
been used by another woman!  That had sounded fun in fantasy, but now
she wasn't so sure.  Her insecurities were showing.  How could her 
husband do this to her, and still love her?
 
When she woke, sunlight was streaming into the room through the curtains
that were only half drawn.  Somehow, in the gently light of morning, what
had been fun if unusual, was kinky.  She was more conscious than ever of
the inserts and attachments to her body.  She was also aware of an almost
overpowering need to urinate.
 
The door opened. A woman (THE woman? or another?) entered.  She was naked.
"It continues..!" flashed through the bound woman's brain.  She had hoped
(feared?) it was over.  She watched the new female with interest. More 
interest than she could have shown last weekend! The woman was a natural
red head.  Her furry bush was a deep mahogany, slightly darker than the
burnished curls that framed her face.  She had a full, sensuous mouth
which hinted at pleasures as yet unknown.  Her breasts were pale, with 
full aureola. The nipples were crinkled up, a reaction to the sight on
the bed and the air around them. The furry bush hiding her pussy looked
soft and set off her long legs to perfection.
 
Without words, the woman came and sat on the bed.  She released the strap
from the front of the leather belt and gently grasped the half of the 
dildo inserted in the woman's asshole.  Slowly, she began to pull it out.
The rim of the stretched hole followed the progress of the shaft outward.
Finally, with at POP! and a sigh, the head was removed from the well-used
back chute.  Then, never lifting her eyes from the captive cunt before her,
the red head began to withdraw the other end.  The pussy lips were held
wide open by the fake cock crammed into the body on the bed.  Drops of oil
were visible in the pussy hair.  She seemed mesmerized by the sight of 
the huge pseudo cock disappearing into the pussy before her. 
 
The red head sat staring at the crotch of the bound woman.  "please," she
whispered, " I have to go to the bathroom ..." The seated woman looked
up.  "In a minute, you may.  But first I want to get this dildo out of 
you." She began to rotate the dildo inserted into the pussy.  The captive
woman arched her back, bringing her hips off the bed.  Her hands, still
attached to the belt at her waist, clenched and unclenched in a futile
effort to stop the motion.  "No more, please, I have to ... I need to
go to the, oh, stop, please ..."  the woman had placed her mouth
over the clit just above the latex monster inside the pliant female.  She
began to suck hard!  Without warning, with one smooth motion she quickly
extracted the fake cock from the captive cunt.  Again the bound female's
hips tried to follow the cock as it withdrew from her pleasure ravaged 
body.  Then she was helped to her feet and guided to the toilet.  She
gingerly lowered herself onto the porcelain throne and with relief felt
the rush of liquid into the bowl.  She closed her eyes and sighed with
the release of tension.  Her eyes snapped open as the red head leaned 
close and with some soft toilet paper gently dried her pussy. The a 
commercial douche box was removed from underneath the sink.  She could see
that it had a musk scent to it.  The redhead opened the box and removed
the disposable douche still in it's plastic wrapper. The plastic crackled
and snapped as she opened it and removed the bottle.  She firmly took the
nozzle in her left hand and pulled it open.  Then she leaned over and 
played the nozzle over the pussy lips and clit of the woman on the pot.
Carefully the spout was inserted and she watched as the other woman 
squeezed the liquid out of the bottle and into her vagina.  The solution
was cold!  It was a strange feeling to watch another woman give her a 
douche.  Always before it had been a perfunctory task prior to sex with
her husband.  She had never realized how g-o-o-d it could feel!
 
After her morning ablutions(!), she was taken back to the bedroom.  Her 
wrists were released and the leather strap at her waist removed. A short
robe was handed to her.  She put it on, and immediately started tugging
at the hem! The edge of the robe just covered her pubic area. The lower
part of her ass cheeks were visible and flashed enticingly as she walked.
She hadn't felt so free in ten years.
 
The redhead directed her to the kitchen with a smile. "I will join you in
a moment."  She entered the kitchen and saw the table already set for a
breakfast for two.  Coffee was dripping and the sun poured into the corner
of the room used for eating.  All in all it was a pleasant morning scene.
Two?  where was her husband?  She jumped as the woman came up behind her
and placed a hand on one naked globe under the robe. "Come eat, or should
I say eat and come?" The redhead grinned, and she allowed a faint smile in
appreciation of the pun.  "It is all ready.  You have been such a good 
sport, your husband and I have planned a special day for you.  My name is
Robin.  Why don't you sit down?"
 
The woman sat down at the table, and Robin placed a large steaming mug of 
coffee in front of her.  It was black, just as she liked it.  Her husband
had been doing some talking. "Did he tell you my name?" she asked a little
hesitantly.  "No, last night we were both strangers. Equals, so to speak.
Would you like to tell me your name?"  
 
"My name, my name is Joanna.  I've never played games like that before.
 I have fantasized about playing them, to be honest even WANTED to, but I
never got up the courage to ask him to play.  Where is he?"
 
"Gone.  He won't be back until dark.  We have the entire day to ourselves.
We are going to have fun today. Have you ever made love woman to woman?"
Robin asked.
 
"No," Joanna's answer was short, and the slight frown spoke volumes. Robin
could see that a slow and careful introduction was in order.  It was one 
thing to have it done to her when Joanna was bound, but Robin wanted Joanna
to crave a woman's touch almost as much as Joanna craved a man's touch. 
Robin set the plates down on the table, sat down and began to eat.  Joanna
looked at the food on her plate and pushed it around listlessly with her
fork.
 
"How does my husband know you?  Robin, are you having an affair with him?"
 
"No, but I'd like to have one with you!  The only time your husband and I
have touched, has been in your presence, we were both touching you at the
time!  I approached him, because I wanted you.  Believe me, he is secondary
to this.  I want to be your friend and lover, and this seems to be his 
fantasy.  Will you let me?"  Robin turned on the charm.  She really was 
looking forward to introducing this woman to the delights of sexual play
from a woman's point of view.  It was also true that she had approached 
the husband in hopes of "getting the girl".
 
"Maybe."  Joanna finished her coffee and stood up.  "I am going to get 
dressed."
 
"Why? We aren't going anywhere.  I'll come with you." Robin rose and 
followed Joanna back to the bedroom.  On entering the room, Robin closed
the door behind her and rested with her back against it.  Joanna stood 
in the center of the room and looked at the bed.  Robin dropped her robe 
and walked over to stand just behind Joanna. Robin placed her hands on 
Joanna's shoulders and gently started to rub in a circular motion. 
 
Joanna jumped, and then closed her eyes as she willed herself to relax.
She had fantasized about this, now was her chance.  She would deny this 
woman nothing.  If, after today, she chose not to repeat the experience,
at least she had tried it.  "If you take your robe off, I can rub your 
back and legs with lotion, " Robin's breath was warm in her ear.  "lie
down on the bed. I'll be right back."
 
Joanna moved to the bed and took off her robe. She laid the robe at the 
foot of the bed and stretched out face down.  She lay with her head 
pillowed on her crossed arms and her face towards the bathroom door. She
could see Robin looking over the various lotions she kept on the vanity.
Robin selected a jasmine scented lotion and returned to the bedroom.  She
warmed some in her hands and began to smooth it on Joanna's back.
 
Joanna relaxed as she felt the wonderful sensations emanating from Robin's
practiced hands.  She could feel the fingers working the muscles and finding
knots Joanna didn't even know she had.  Robin's hands gently brushed the
sides of her breasts and stopped just short of her exposed derriere. As
Robin worked on her, Joanna allowed her eyes to close.  Robin shifted and
started the process on Joanna's legs.  Working close to Joanna's bush, but
never actually touching the soft hair or the folds it enclosed.  Robin
patiently worked each leg thoroughly, and massaged Joanna's feet and toes.
She poured more lotion into her hands and began to work her way back to
the top of Joanna's thighs.  
 
Robin watched Joanna closely for her reaction to the hands rubbing to 
enticingly close to her ass and pussy.  Robin had yet to touch the most
sensitive places on her.  As her hands got closer and her fingertips 
brushed the fold where the pale white ass joined Joanna's leg, Joanna
murmured and shifted her legs wider.  Robin lightened her touch and began
stroking softly along the crease at the top of each thigh. 
 
Joanna felt her pussy juices start as Robin expertly relaxed her muscles.
This felt WONDERFUL.  She allowed herself to totally forget that this was
a woman. It just felt good.  As Robin worked on her, a slow heat began to
spread itself out from her pussy.  She wanted to feel Robin touch her 
moist wetness. She wanted to feel fingers in her snatch, and tickling at
her asshole.  She wanted to feel a tongue invade her pussy and tease her
nether lips.  Joanna murmured again and spread her legs a little more.
She felt Robin move to position herself in the vee of her opened legs.
Fingertips gently pulled her outer cuntlips apart and traced the outline
of the more delicate, inner lips.  Long, feminine nails lightly scratched
the soft skin between her anus and pussy.  Fingers gently massaged the area
around her pussy entrance, spreading the juices that were starting to
leak from her hot hole. Softly they traced up and down over the few stray
hairs. Then the fingers gently, so gently, opened her inner cuntlips.
She felt Robin's breath as the other woman blew softly on the sensitive
moist, inner parts.  Joanna felt a tongue lightly lick around the outside
of her sheath.  Then the tongue laved the area between her inner and outer 
lips.  Her hips were starting to wriggle.  She wanted that tongue inside
her pussy.  She wanted to come!  Robin stopped.
 
"Turn over, Joanna. Let me do your front now." she said.  "Oh, no, don't
stop now, Robin, please, not now!"
 
"Turn over, Joanna."  Implacable.
 
Joanna turned to expose her breasts, belly and pussy to Robin.  Robin hadn't
moved and she was forced to spread her legs or lie in an uncomfortable 
position.  She watched as Robin poured an oil into the palm of her hand.
After warming it, Robin began to spread it on her belly and work her way 
up to Joanna's breasts. She rubbed it around each breast never actually 
advancing onto the breast. Finally when almost all the oil had been worked
into the supple skin, Robin dragged her fingertip across first one nipple 
and then the other. Joanna felt the flick on each tit. Then she felt the 
skin around her nipples lightly pinched.  Her pale globes were cupped by
moist, warm palms.  Joanna looked up into Robin's eyes. Passion simmered
in their green depths.  She looked back down and followed Robin's motions
as she felt the crinkly skin around her nipples.  Her breasts were kneaded
and rubbed in ever widening circles until the whole breast had been worked.
Robin took the tip of each nipple between thumb and forefinger and stretched
her tits away from her chest.  Joanna felt sparks start to flicker in her
nipples. Her breasts had never been very sensitive, except when she was
pregnant.  The prolonged attention was building a matching need for 
attention between her legs.  She could feel Robin's amused gaze as she 
gasped with delight when her left tit was allowed to snap back.  The right
was released and her hips jerked.  Robin grinned and said, "I think I should
hold you down! If you buck for that, it'll be a wild ride when I start to
lick and suck your tits!"
 
Joanna grinned back. "Whatever you feel you need to do, Robin. Anything
you want!"
 
Robin pressed her tits between Joanna's legs and took one nipple into her
mouth.  Her left fingers rolled the free nipple and stretched and pinched
it.  Electric sparks shot through Joanna as Robin's teeth grazed the tit
tip in her mouth.  The mouth on her tit started sucking hard, pulling her
nipple deep into the other's mouth.  The other tongue laved the crinkly
aureola and pushed at the nipple.  Then the process was reversed.  Robin's
mouth came down on the other nipple and her hand worked on the one still
wet where her mouth had been fastened.  Joanna could feel Robin's tits
pressed tight into the vee of her crotch.  She spread her thighs a little
wider and pressed lightly upward. Then she started a fucking motion to rub
Robin's breasts with her pussy mound.  As good as that felt to Robin, Joanna
got the best of it.  Her motions stimulated her clit and soon she was gasping
with delight.
 
Robin slid down Joanna's body, never lifting her fingers from contact with
Joanna's skin.  Her fingers played through the curls of the brunette bush
covering the pussy she had every intention of tasting.  Joanna felt fingers
push her hair aside from the folds of her outer lips.  She felt wet, and 
empty!  She felt lips fasten onto her clit and begin to suck.  The
hard little button quivered as teeth grazed it and a tongue pressed it 
back into her pubic bone.  The tongue swirled around the clit and flicked
at it playfully.  Fingers gently parted the outer pussylips and massaged the
inner ones. One finger dipped into the dripping wet hole in the center and
spread the moisture among the inner folds. Then a second time, and the wetness
was spread around her brown rosette. Her asshole started to bloom with the
attention.  A third time, this time the wetness on Robin's finger was thrust
into Joanna's open mouth. Joanna sucked a little tentatively. She had never
tasted her own juice before.  Again, and this time when it was offered, 
Joanna tasted eagerly.
 
Satisfied with her progress, Robin turned her attention more closely to
the pussy and clit under her mouth.  She inserted her middle and index 
fingers into Joanna's pussy and sucked hard on the darling little clit
in her mouth.  Joanna felt the invasion of the two fingers and started to
rotate her hips.  She wanted more! She wanted to be filled, she wanted to
come!  The mouth on her clit was exciting her more and more. It sent pulsing
waves through her pelvis and radiating into her ass.  Robin worked her fourth
fingertip until it was against the puckered rosette that was Joanna's anus.
Gently she pressed against the hole that had been so stretched and abused
last night.  Her fingertip met little resistance.  Joanna felt the tip slide
into her anus. Then pressure, as a little more of Robin's finger entered her
puckered hole.  She couldn't concentrate. Robin's tongue and fingers in her
pussy, a finger in her ass.  Joanna closed her eyes.  The tongue on her 
clit was replaced with the thumb of her other hand, and Robin began to taste
the juices dripping from Joanna's pussy.  She withdrew her fingers and stuck
her tongue as far into Joanna's cunt as possible.  Making a point, she rubbed 
the sheath walls with the tiny little cock that was her tongue.  Joanna 
gasped and wriggled with pleased surprise.  "Oh! That's so, ummmmmm, good!
Deeper!"  Robin responded by pressing her face into 
Joanna's cunt and sticking her tongue as far as it would go into the quivering
depths of pussy.  Then she began to push it in and out in imitation of a tiny
cock.  Joanna felt pressure on her sphincter.  Then a second finger joined
the one working it's way into her ass.  Pressure as they were pressed deeply
in, stretching as they were pulled slowly out.  In, out, in, out, in, out, in,
out, in rythm with the tongue in her cunt.  She felt her orgasm building,
filling her with the need to cascade over the edge and follow wherever the
sensations took her.  Her thighs quivered and shook. Her belly rippled with
the effects of the thumb on her clit.  The fingers were removed from her ass.
 
A small round object was pressed against her asshole.  Pressure, and then it
slipped inside.  A string trailed out her hole.  Another small round object,
slightly larger than the first held against her anus.  Pressure, and then it
also entered her anal passage. More string.  Again, this smooth object a bit
larger than the second. This one took more pressure, but the tongue inside 
her cunt encouraged cooperation, and it too went in with no problem.  A 
fourth one, and then a fifth.  A tug on the string snugged that last ball 
inside her rectum against the sphincter. The tongue in her pussy kept moving
and licking.  Teeth came down around her pussy just her orgasm finally 
exploded.  Wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her muscles. Timed
perfectly, just as she started coming, Robin began pulling the beads out of
her ass. Each one came out with a popping sound, increasing the intensity
of Joanna's pleasure.
 
Spent, Joanna looked at Robin with new eyes. "Teach me to do that to you,"
she whispered.
 
 
V. Loving the Other Woman
 
"Teach me," Joanna whispered.  Beads of sweat glistened between her 
breasts adding a luminescent sheen to her sun bathed skin.  Robin 
knelt between her splayed legs and smiled down at her.  "Oh I will!
Believe me, you WILL be taught, but I think your husband wants to 
watch that part.  Besides, just do to me what I do to you! It's easy."
 
"Come on, Jo, let's get a shower."
 
The two women headed for the large glassed in shower in the master 
bath. Soon, only shapes were visible in the fog generated by the 
hot water.  The steam covered the mirrors and swirled under the closed
bathroom door. The glass enclosing the tiled shower was opaque except
where drops of water clung to it and traced outlines as they rolled
down the shielding surface.
 
Joanna took the bar of soap and knelt in front of Robin.  A shy smile
illuminated her face.  "Let me wash you first," she said.
 
Carefully Joanna soaped the tops and sides of Robin's feet. Then one at
a time she took them into her hands and tenderly washed between the toes
and the soles.  Solemnly she started on Robin's legs, working the soap 
into a rich lather. First the left, then the right. Joanna admired 
Robin's legs.  The soft flesh of her thighs felt like silk to Joanna's
wet fingers.  When she reached the tops of Robin's thighs, Joanna rose
and started on Robin's arms, back, and shoulders.  As much as she wanted
to touch the curly, red pubic hair and explore the perky tits on Robin's
chest, Joanna was also enjoying the slow buildup to sexual heat. And 
heat is exactly where both women knew it was going!
 
Joanna rubbed both her hands on the bar of soap and then placed it on the
shelf.  Tentatively, she placed both palms lightly against the pointed
nipples in front of her. Then she looked up, deep into Robin's eyes. Slowly
she started to rotate her palms counter-clockwise. Robin's lovely green
eyes widened just a little as the circular motion stimulated her tits.
Encouraged, Joanna took the tip of one nipple between thumb and fore-
finger and squeezed. Her other hand kept massaging the other nipple.
Joanna stroked and caressed each breast.  Carefully she weighed each 
breast in her hands. She cupped her palms over the aureola, and allowed
the nipples to peak out between her fingers.  Breaking eye-contact, she
allowed the water to rinse the soap off her hands and Robin's chest.
 
Joanna retrieved the bar of soap and began stroking it like a man's cock.
Then she leaned forward and very carefully and a little shyly, took one
tit into her mouth.  Joanna took her time, enjoying her first taste of 
female tit flesh.  Then, never releasing the tit on which she was sucking,
she began to rub the bar of soap between Robin's legs.  Robin spread her
legs wider and leaned against the shower wall.  Water played warmly on
Joanna's back as she worked the soap into the folds of Robin's cunt.
First the outer lips, then the tender inner lips were parted and laved
by the large bar of soap. Robin felt a thumb working on her already
slightly extended clit. Joanna pressed the bar of soap towards the pussy
opening and stopped just at the entrance. Tenderly she licked the nipple
in her mouth and rubbed her tongue around the aureola. Then she started to
graze it lightly with her teeth.  Robin gasped and wiggled a little. The
combined sensations of slippery soap on her pussy, the fingers on her 
clit, and the wet suction on her nipples was arousing her quite thoroughly.
Just as Joanna brought her teeth across the bud in her mouth with a little
more force, she abruptly shoved the bar of soap deep into Robin's pussy!
 
Robin lurched and moaned. 
 
Joanna smiled around the nipple she was suckling.  Keeping the slick bar
of soap deep in the redhead's cunt, Joanna switched her attention to 
Robin's other breast.  She held the soap in with her fingers and used her
thumb to stimulate the stiff, little clit.  Robin moaned again as Joanna
flicked her clit, and pressed the soap deeper at the same time. Robin's 
hips started to buck in time to the sucking motion on her tit.  Joanna 
placed her free hand between her own legs and shoved two fingers into her
own twat just as the shower door swung open.  
 
The man stood in the swirling steam, eyes riveted to the panting, 
wriggling females before him. Joanna was too busy to notice the arrival
of her husband.  Robin stared at him with eyes glazed with lust, but
he was sure she didn't see him.  Her pelvis was bucking against his 
wife's hand and he could see Joanna's thumb working on Robin's clit.
 
Joanna twisted the fingers in her pussy and frantically pumped them in
and out, matching her motions to Robin's. She pressed the soap into Robin's
sopping wet cunt and bit down on the nipple she was sucking. With a 
frantic moan Robin began bearing down with her hips, trying to drive the
soap bar where she needed it most.  As Joanna increased the light pressure
on the nipple between her teeth, Robin squealed and bit her lips. Great
shudders of orgasmic pleasure rippled through her body.  Spent, she sagged
into the corner of the shower, eyes closed.
 
Joanna jumped at the sound of her husband's voice, "That was quite a show
ladies. Get rinsed off and join me in the bedroom. I have some surprises
for you." 


VI. Public Abuse
 
Joanna and Robin followed him into the bedroom.  Laid out on the bed
were some coiled, leather straps and two large boxes.  Joanna bit her
lip.  Robin just watched him expectantly.
 
"Sit, Joanna," her husband commanded.  When she complied, Robin took
one of the piles of coiled leather and walked around the bed until she
was behind Joanna. Joanna jumped as two horizontal pieces of leather
were fitted over her breasts. One band ran just above her nipples. The
other paralleled it just below them.  She shivered as the buckles were
fastened between her shoulder blades. The metal was cold! A dividing 
strap ran vertically in the slight valley between her breasts. Joanna
watched apprehensively as a third strap was fitted to her slender waist.
She had an idea what that was for.  Two slender chains were clipped to
a small 'D' ring set into the leather at the small of her back.  She
could feel the cool links as they hung, freely caressing her naked
buttocks.
 
Robin returned to face Joanna.  She took each strapped-in, rosy nipple
between thumb and forefinger and pinched hard enough to make Joanna
wince.  Then placing her hands so that they fully covered the captive
tits, she pushed hard enough to flop Joanna onto her back.
 
"Stay like that," Robin instructed.  Joanna stared up at the ceiling
and listened to the conversation between her husband and Robin. 
"Shall we fill her asshole, pussy, or both?" asked Robin.  "Not
both, we may want to stuff something into her body while we are
out," came the reply from her husband. "The question is which hole
would make the most impression on her?"
 
"Well," Robin said slowly, "unless we strap it in, anything we put in
her pussy might fall out if she moves around much. If we fill her pussy
now, we can make sure it stays filled.  We can leave her panties off
and then if we decide to stuff her ass all we have to do is bend her 
over any cunt-high surface and lift her skirt. Sound good?"
 
Joanna's eyes shut tightly in horror as she listened to them. "Oh, no,
no, you won't humiliate me in public. I won't let you. I refuse!
This has gone far ...," her angry cries trailed off as she saw her 
husband lift the leather wrapped switch from the night stand. "Refusal,
Joanna?  Turn over," he said.  "NO!"  
 
Robin grabbed Joanna's wrists and wrestled her over onto her belly. 
Bracing herself against the far side of the bed, Robin stretched
Joanna taut.  Joanna heard a swish and then THWACK! the switch
landed squarely across the pale moon of her ass. 
 
"OUCH!"
 
Swish, THWACK!  
 
"Oh, cut it out! Owwwww!"  Joanna began to struggle. The harder
she struggled, the harder the switch came down on her bare ass. She
stopped struggling and just writhed as the stinging of the crop on
her as became more pronounced. "Ohhhhh, please, stop, I'll do anything,
any, ow, thing just stop, OW! Ah, ow!"  Joanna's hips bucked and flinched
with each stripe laid across her buttocks by the whippy crop. Her 
husband wielded it firmly, laying 10 welts across her pale globes.
Tears streamed down Joanna's face as the stinging ache grew and 
penetrated deeply into her lower body.  She twisted and writhed,
straining to clasp her captive hands to her butt and rub her
reddened ass cheeks.  
 
Robin released her grip and Joanna clapped her hands to her well
warmed ass and moaned. She rolled to her back and rubbed her 
buttocks trying to assuage the stinging pain.  "Joanna! look 
at me," it was her husband. "Each refusal will cost you 5 stripes.
From now on compliance is the only acceptable course of action. Do
you understand?"  Joanna nodded.
 
Upon instruction, she released her hold on her ass and placed her clasped 
hands behind her neck.  She lifted her knees and placed her heels on 
the edge of the bed.  Then, reluctantly, slowly, she spread her 
knees as wide as possible to allow free access to her vulnerable 
pussy.  Joanna felt her face flush with embarrassment.  She was
required to keep her eyes open and observe each move Robin and her
husband made.  She saw Robin hold the mirror and angle it to give
her an excellent view as her husband spread her pussy lips to 
check for lubrication.  She could feel his hands spreading her
cunt lips and see the same action in the mirror.  She watched
him dip one finger in her hole and jumped as she felt it at the
same time.  
 
Joanna watched as he opened the tube of K-Y jelly and smeared some
on the ends of three fingers. She saw (felt!) her pussy lips spread,
and felt (saw!) the fingers enter her and smear her hole with the
lubricant. Round and round the K-Y was rubbed, all three of his 
fingers disappearing full length into her hole. She watched him add
a fourth and squirmed as he tried to fit his thumb inside her as 
well.  She moaned and wriggled as he formed a fist and pushed against
her opening. Her hole stretched "Unnn," she moaned. It stung!
 
She sighed with relief as he removed his hand.  Her eyes widened when
she saw him pick up a thick dildo and set it's head against the 
opening to her cunt.  It was the thickest fake cock she had ever
seen!  It was ribbed to simulate the real thing, but nothing that
thick had ever been attached to real man, had it?  He began to 
push it into her cunt and she watched it disappear into her own
pussy, feeling every inch!  She could see her nether lips thin
as they stretched to accommodate the intruder. She could feel the
tightening as the dildo was twisted and shoved deeper into her
body.  Finally, all 7 inches were securely inside her and Joanna
could see the small ring set into the otherwise flat base of the
dildo.  Both light chains were pulled up and through the ring in
the base of the dildo and fastened to the 'D' on the front of the
strap.  On command she rolled over onto her belly.
 
Joanna felt the chains detached from the 'D' ring on her back. One
at a time they were pulled tighter, forcing the dildo higher and 
deeper into her twat. Then they were refastened, one each side of
her waist.  She could feel the split chains framing her punished
ass cheeks.  It left easy access to her asshole for whatever 
amusement her tormentors could devise.  She felt her ass cheeks
parted and a generous glob of jelly massaged into her puckered 
rosette.  A smooth cylinder was inserted and pressed deeply into
her rectum.  She felt it slide into her greased anal passage and
then it was yanked out.  A second huge blob of K-Y was squeezed
onto her asshole and a second, larger, smooth cylinder was
shoved into her rectum, taking the greasy jelly with it.  Both
lubrications were done quickly, stretching her asshole and
ensuring that it was well-greased and opened for the evening.
 
She stood on command, the larger cylinder still in her ass, 
and tears came to her eyes as small nipple clamps were applied
to her tits.  Looking down at her tits and the torturous little
devices causing a dull ache in her nipples, she could see the
end of the crop trailing between her feet.  They had shoved the
handle of the switch up her ass!  She stood there, humiliated,
with her feet apart and her knees slightly bent.
 
"Bend your knees a little farther and try to sit on the switch.
Use the floor to shove it deeper into your asshole."
 
It didn't matter who gave the order. Joanna couldn't tell who 
told her to do it.  All that mattered was that she comply. She
took a deep breath and bent her knees a little.  The tip of the
switch flexed against the floor. She squatted a little more, and 
felt the handle shoved into her ass stretch her membranes and slide
a little farther in.  With her knees bent and her legs spread she
could see both her pussy and ass in the mirror that Robin held 
for her.  Her face was red and the rosy blush extended clear to
the tops of her aching breasts.  She could see the leather wrapped
switch hanging out of her like an obscene tail. She could see the
fake cock forced so deeply into her cunt.  Even so, she knew that
when she sat, it would be shoved even deeper into her twat.
 
"Now, reach back and jerk the whip out of your ass."  Joanna did
as she was told.  "Kiss the handle and lay it on the bed." Joanna
complied and turned to lay the instrument of pain and humiliation
on the bed.  When she turned around to face the pair watching her,
Robin pulled a red dress over her head and dressed her like she 
was a child. High-heeled shoes completed the summer outfit.  The
top of the dress was a loose, blousy style which effectively hid
the tit-clamps on her nipples. The skirt was full and belted at
the waist.  It would be very easy to lift it to gain access to 
her ass or pussy as required.  
 
Joanna was instructed to go into the bathroom and wash her face, 
apply her makeup and then go to the living room. She was to sit(!)
on the couch, making sure she did *NOT* sit on her skirt. While
she waited, she was to try and force the dildo as deeply as she
could into her cunt without making herself cry.
 
As she was told, Joanna gingerly, carefully walked to the bathroom,
and then to the living room.  Carefully, oh so carefully, she 
bent and seated herself on the couch.  She sat on the edge and spread 
her legs to ensure the dildo touched the couch. Then she began 
to rock her hips, fucking the dildo against the edge of the couch.
Soon the moist motion aroused her clit and almost against her 
will a mini-orgasm rocked her just as her husband and Robin entered.
 
They motioned her to stand, and as she did so, she gasped when the 
tit clamps caught on the material of her dress. They caused a spasm
of pain to lance across her chest.  The three of them went out to
the car. Joanna was made to climb into the back seat. The motions of
her body made the dildo slide out of her cunt a little, and Joanna
gasped and moaned as it slammed back into her cunt when she dropped 
into the seat. Tears sprang to her eyes.
 
They drove to a well known restaurant in town.  At the entrance the
valet took the car and the three of them made their way into the 
crowded, dimly lit building.  Joanna blushed. Surely everyone who
looked at them could tell her bound, sexual, humiliation.  Couldn't
they tell? 
 
There was a wait for a table and the trio went to wait in the bar.
Robin led them to a tall table with three stools partially hidden
by bushy plants in one corner of the bar. It was some distance from 
the lights and cloaked in shadows.  Few people in the busy bar
would be able to see what happened at that table.  Joanna looked
around her with trepidation. Surely not here!
 
Yes, here!  Immediately, behind the bush she was bent over the
thigh high table and her skirt was lifted.  Questing fingers 
shoved themselves into her prepared anal passage and worked back
and forth in her hole.  The buzz of conversation continued as 
though nothing was happening to her.  Someone would come, a 
waitress would be here soon to get their drinks and still those
fingers worked in her backdoor.  A second set of fingers joined
them. Both of them were working on her asshole, displaying her
pale, welted ass and bound state to anyone who walked by.  She
felt her pussy begin to drip.  Four fingers were in her hole.
She was pulled upright, at least two fingers still in her asshole
just as the waitress walked up to their table.  Joanna stood,
knees bent, her back to Robin, and gave her order in a quavering
voice. All the while Robin's fingers were busy in her asshole, 
working in, out, in, out, in, out, in, out, in time with the
flow of conversation.
 
The waitress gave Joanna a strange look as her eyes glazed over,
and she blushed.  The full skirt and Joanna's position against
Robin and the bush hid most of the activity, but the girl knew
something was going on with the woman in red.  The waitress 
left and Robin jerked her fingers from Joanna's pucker. 
 
"Join me in the ladies room, Joanna." Robin phrased it as a
demand. Joanna followed her tormentress to the women's bathroom.
Fascinated, she gazed at herself in the mirror.  At Robin's 
instruction she braced herself against the counter and leaned
forward. Robin took something out of her purse and lifted 
Joanna's skirt.  Joanna saw the door open and a woman's shocked
face as it fell shut again. Robin continued as though inserting
something into a sex-slave's ass was normal in a ritzy dining
establishment's restrooms.  Joanna felt a rounded tip pressed
against her anal opening.  Obviously she was going to be 
plugged.  Firm pressure was applied.  Her anus stretched and
stung.  This was the first, huge plug they had used on her
at home.  In, in, in, in, slowly in. Harsher and harsher
stung her sphincter as it stretched. Then Joanna felt it
close around the groove she knew to be in the base of the
plug.  Robin dropped the red skirt back in place. The two
women returned to the waiting man.
 
They were led to their table and Joanna was seated first.
Smiles told her that both her husband and Robin knew what caused her
soft moan as the Maitre d' seated her.
 
Her dinner was ordered for her and both her husband and Robin kept
her wine glass filled. Joanna knew she was drinking far more than 
usual.  She ate mechanically, more because she knew she had to eat
than because she actually could taste the food. All she wanted 
was an end to the evening.  Joanna could feel the two fake cocks
rubbing back and forth against her thin membranes separating her
cunt from her rectum.  She was highly uncomfortable from too much
rubber shoved into her lower body.  She fidgeted and shifted, trying
to find a comfortable position. She could feel other patrons in the
restaurant staring.
 
Her husband and Robin watched her, with smiles on their faces.
 
Finally, her ordeal in the restaurant was over.  He paid, and the
three of them left.  In the car, Joanna was made to kneel facing 
the back window.  Her skirt was thrown over her head to expose 
her plugged, bound ass.  Both windows on her side of the car were
rolled down as the car stopped at a red light.  Out of the corner
of her eye, she could see Robin motioning at the man in the car 
next to them. When she had his attention, she pointed at Joanna's
ass.  "Get your ass closer to the window," she hissed. Blushing 
with shame, Joanna did.  The man's eyes opened wide and he licked
his lips. "Look at him, Joanna." Joanna twisted until her eyes
met the strangers.  He rolled down his window.  Robin said, "If
you want to see more, follow us." He nodded and did.  They 
pulled into a darkened parking lot and parked side by side.
 
The stranger stayed in his car, but Robin and Joanna got out.
Robin paraded Joanna in her heels in front of him.  Then she
was bent over the side of the car.  Her face was turned and she
was told to watch him watching her. Joanna could see him stroking
what had to be a raging erection.  Her red skirt was lifted and
the man licked his lips at the sight of her bound, punished and
plugged asshole.  Robin grasped the ring in the base of the plug
filling her ass and began to pull outward.  He could see the 
base stretch her hole out.  Joanna's head came up and she moaned
loudly as the base of the plug stretched her asshole. She clenched
and unclenched her fists, but stood as she had been placed.  Slowly
the big plug was extracted from her ass, until with a POP it was
reluctantly released by her sphincter.  The man gasped.  Joanna
was turned over.
 
She lay on her back on the hood of the car, legs splayed open.
She could see the man eyeing the dildo chained into her pussy. 
Robin undid the chains, and began pumping the dildo in and out.
Joanna became aware of her husband standing on the other side of her.
He pulled out his cock and began masturbating as he watched Robin 
work on her.  The stranger got out of his car and stood between 
her splayed legs. He pulled out his huge erection and began stroking
it in rythm with Robin's pumping motion.  Both men kept their eyes
glued to Joanna's crotch and the feminine hand working in it. As
the dildo pumped in and out, come started spouting on her legs,
first from the stranger's cock and then from her husbands.  As
the white sticky stuff dripped in Joanna's cunt hair and down her
legs, Robin roughly jerked the dildo from her twat.  Joanna's 
hips jerked and she gasped.
 
Finished, the man got into his car, and left.  Joanna, Robin, and 
her husband returned to their car and drove quietly home.  Joanna
was allowed to shower, pee, and shit. Then her husband fucked her
driving his cock into her pussy while Robin watched.  All the 
leather and clamps were removed from her body and she slept.
 
--
