Well here she goes again - if not so willingly this time.  Where will her adventures take her 
next, keep downloading to find out.  [The other adventures of Tracy are available as Baby.zip 
(Tracy1.txt and Tracy2.txt, about how she lost her virginity whilst baby-sitting), and 
Friends.zip (Tracy3.txt and Tracy4.txt, about how Tracy and her friends have fun).]


I told Susan not to bother with her underwear, and threw them under the bed, as we dressed 
frantically.  Who could have come home at this time of day?  No one was due for hours.  I 
pulled my T-shirt over my head , buttoned up my jeans and headed for the door.  I glanced at 
Susan who was still trying to untangle her pants from the heap we threw them in.  I opened the 
door to see my father coming towards it.  "Hey Dad, what are you doing home?" I asked.  "I 
wasn't feeling so good, so I came home from the office.  Who's in you room," as he heard 
Susan stumble.  "I do hope you haven't got a boy in there," he said striding towards the door 
again.
"No, it's only me." Said Susan, as she emerged.  "I've been trying on Tracy's clothes because I 
need something for a date tonight.  I can't seem to find anything, so I think I'll go and raid my 
mom's closet." She waved bye and headed out the door.
"Is Susan alright?" Asked Dad.
"Yeah, sure," I replied. " She's probably just nervous about the big date.  Why?"
"It's just she seemed to be walking funny - that's all."
"Well I'm just going for a shower dad, see you later."
"Remember and wash behind your ears!" he said as he went towards his room.

I had a really long shower, soaping my self luxuriously.  I dried myself off, pulled on my robe 
and headed for my room.  Dad was sitting on my bed, he looked up as I entered.  "Hey dad, 
sorry I took so long in the shower." He didn't say anything.  I looked at his hands and saw that 
he held the cucumber and mine and Susan's panties. "What have you got there dad?" I asked.
"Do you think I'm stupid," he yelled. "What the hell were you and Susan doing.  You little 
slut!!"  He reached over and grabbed my robe, I tried to pull away but only succeeded in 
ripping it, exposing one of my breasts.  The sight of me semi naked seemed to enrage him even 
further and he reached over and ripped the rest of the robe from my body.  As I stood naked 
before him I could see something stirring in his pants.  "So you want to learn about sex, do 
you!  I'll teach you a thing or two you little bitch.  Just see if I don't!"  He threw me onto my 
bed, and began unbuckling his pants.  "What are you going to do, Dad? "I asked, but I already 
knew. I was terrified.  My father finished undressing and turned towards me.  He was semi 
hard but it already seemed huge.  He climbed onto my bed with me and said "I'll teach you a 
thing or two, bitch!"

He positioned himself beside my head, pushed the bulbous tip of his fat cock towards my 
mouth and told me to "Suck it, Bitch!!!"  I took the tip into my mouth and sucked with all my 
might.  He was still growing, and as he was getting harder he had to bend over me to keep it 
from springing from my mouth.  "Don't suck so hard, and use your tongue.. Yeah, like that.  
Round the tip a bit more!!  Oh Yeah!!!"  I assumed he was now at full hardness, and I could 
feel the blood coursing through it.  He still had just the tip in my mouth and I was running my 
tongue all around it.  He reached down and grabbed one of my nipples and squeezed it 
painfully.  "Mmmmmmmmmmnmnn" I said around his dick.  He withdrew his cock from my 
mouth and smacked it across my face.  "I told you to shut up!  This time take it all the way in."  
He pushed his cock all the way into my mouth, right up to the back of my throat.  He tried to 
push it further but I gagged and mumbled that I couldn't take anymore.  He started to pump 
away at my mouth, nearly withdrawing all the way and then ramming it all the way back. His 
balls keep slapping me in the face, but I dared not do anything about it.

He got faster and faster, until eventually I felt him begin to get frantic.  I reached up and 
squeezed his balls - May as well make him come quickly and then leave me alone, I thought.  
As I squeezed and massaged them he withdrew from my mouth and squirted his cum all over 
my face and chest.  "Yeah!!!" he groaned.  I lay perfectly still, hoping that he would now leave 
me alone.  "Right, now we'll see that pussy of yours...." he said as he positioned himself 
between my legs.  I noticed that he was still hard, and groaned inwardly, knowing there was no 
escape now.  He roughly pushed a finger up me and waggled it about a bit. "Not quite wet 
enough," he grumbled.  I let out a sigh of relief.  "Never mind - i can fix that no problem."

He took his penis in his hand, pointed it at my cunt and then after a minute he started to pee.  
The golden liquid felt hot against my skin, as he arced the stream up towards my head.  "Drink  
it!"  I opened my mouth, to protest, just as the stream reached it.  I swallowed the first 
mouthful, nearly choking, just as the stream started to slow.  He directed the rest against my 
cunt, and then positioned himself to enter me.  He pushed into me as hard as he could - I 
thought I was going to burst.  He thrust in and out of me roughly, squeezing my nipples at the 
same time.  He must have been quite excited because it wasn't long before He arched his back 
and withdrew his cock - squirting cum through the air to land on my belly.

You still haven't cum yet - we can't have that." he said with a leer, and started to rub my sore 
pussy.  I considered faking an orgasm, but figured that if he noticed he might not be too 
pleased.  He put two fingers inside me and pushed as far as they would go - I willed myself to 
cum, but to no avail.  He pulled out of me, and for a moment I thought my ordeal was over.  
He climbed of the bed and walked over to my dresser.  "Ah, this is what we want," he said. 
lifting a bottle which I couldn't quite see.  He moved back between my legs and squirted a large 
quantity of baby-oil over my twat.  the then pushed two fingers into me again.  "That's better 
isn't it?" he said to no one in particular.  He continued to thrust two fingers into me for a while, 
and then he added a third and eventually a fourth.  It wasn't a particularly nice feeling, but it 
was beginning to have the desired effect.  I could feel some heat spreading out from my groin 
as he forced his whole hand into me.   He must have balled it up into a fist and he forced it into 
and out of me.  I could hardly breath, and I was definitely going to cum ................ soon!!!

I came noisily, not caring who heard me, as my father continued to force his fist inside me.  He 
began twisting his had in a circular motion, which seemed to intensify my orgasm - and 
definitely stretched it.  I looked down and noticed that my clit was standing out like a door 
handle.  I reached down and started to rub it, making my orgasm even stronger.  I eventually 
finished with a long, low yell.  Dad withdrew his hand - I was sure he would leave me with a 
stretched opening, the size of his write.  But as he withdrew my cunt closed up around his 
hand, and although it was slightly red, and felt very raw there seemed to be no tell tale signs.  
Dad's hand was slick with my juices, and he lifted it to his face to lick them off.  "Now we don't 
want to upset your mother by telling her that you had such a tremendous orgasm for your dad, 
do we?" He asked as he collected his clothes and left.  "Just think how it would hurt her if you 
told her."  He was right, but I wasn't planning on telling mom, I was planning on getting my 
own back.
