Hi there, Psycho Viking here again.  I've included another story about Kerri here for you, I do 
hope you enjoy it.  As usual feel free to pass it around, but remember to credit me and whatever
 Board you get it from whenever you do.  Any comments criticisms gladly accepted.  By the way 

Biannne, my best friend, and I were sitting in my bedroom chatting, we managed to cover most 
topics and managed to get around to sex.  Biannne was  idly going on about what it would feel 
like when she lost her cherry, about who she was going to lose it to and which one of us was 
going to lose it first.  At this I blushed a bit, and admitted I had already lost mine.  She was 
shocked, but she was also very interested.  She wanted to know who to, how long ago, how big 
he was, how many times he managed it etc. etc.  I decided I had nothing to lose and would tell 
her all.  I checked the hall, to see if anybody was lurking near the door, closed it, sat down and 
told her all.  About how I had lost my virginity to a woman I was baby-sitting for, and then had 
her husband's cock up my ass [see Kerri1 and Kerri2.txt, bundled together as  baby.zip for 
details].

I  could see that she was quite shocked by all this, but I thought she might also be slightly 
turned on, I know I was.  I asked her how far she had ever gone.  She had never even seen a 
naked guy, let alone touch one.  "What about by yourself?" I asked.   She said she had thought 
about doing it to herself a few times, but that she didn't know what to do.  I made a snap 
decision there and then and asked her if she would like to watch me do it to myself, so that 
she'd know what to do.  She went scarlet and giggled a little, looked at the floor and whispered 
yes.

I stood up and began to unbutton my blouse, slowly - just trying to tease her a little.  Once my 
breasts were freed I rubbed them a bit, tweaking my nipples and making them stiff.  I then 
undid  my jeans, dragging them down to my knees, and inserted my hand into my panties.  I 
was already wet, and one of my fingers slipped inside up to the second knuckle.  I then totally 
removed my jeans and underwear and lay back on the bed with my legs spread as far as they 
would go.  "Can you see everything?"  Biannne just nodded dumbly.  I slipped one of my fingers 
between my cunt lips and moved it up and down a little, getting it wet, and then put it in my 
mouth and tasted my sex.  I put my hand back between my legs and slowly inserted two fingers 
into my cunt, whilst using my other hand to keep my cunt spread wide so that Biannne could see 
everything.   I withdrew my fingers, now sticky with my love juice, and rubbed my clit a little.  
I stroked the length of my cunt, lengthening my strokes towards my asshole every time.

I looked over at Biannne who was flushed, and rubbing at the crotch of her jeans.  I began to rub 
my finger around my asshole, just loosening it up a little. I pushed my index finger all the way 
in and wiggled the end a bit.  My right hand started to rub my clitty as my left index finger 
pumped in and out of my ass.  It felt really good, and the fact that I had an audience slipped 
away from me.  I kept getting faster with both my hands, feeling my orgasm build up - the heat 
spreading throughout my body.  After only a short while I came with a load groan.  I lay on my 
bet with my eyes closed, gently stroking myself when i heard someone panting.   Biannne, I had 
forgotten all about her!

She was sat on the edge of the chair with her jeans undone and her hand forced inside them.  I 
could see the frantic movements she was making with her hand, making her gasp.  I went over 
and kissed her full on the lips, pushing my tongue into her mouth.  She whimpered as I stopped 
her hand and removed it from her pants.   "It would be easier if we got these off," I said.  I 
stood her up and just about ripped her clothes off.  Her tits were smaller than mine with pointy 
nipples, and her virgin cunt was covered with a thick carpet of fur.  I bent forward taking one 
of those nipples in my mouth, whilst sliding my hand between her legs - she all but collapsed as 
I touched her.

 I led her over to the bed and told her lie back and enjoy it.  I climbed between her legs and 
parted her pubic hair so that I could look at her wet cunt.  Her inner lips were distended and 
glistening, all puffed up around her swollen clitoris.  I leant forward and gently blew onto her - 
she shivered all over and thrust her hips up toward my face.  In one movement I bent closer and 
took her love button in my mouth and sucked it.  At the same time I inserted a finger into her - 
God she was tight.  I got another finger into her and began pumping away, whilst still sucking 
and chewing on her clit.  Biannne had her first ever orgasm just as I was trying to force a third 
finger inside her.  She didn't make a sound but bucked her body about like she was on a rodeo 
bull.

I moved up beside her on he bed.  She was still quivering a bit and her eyes drooped as she 
smiled at me.  "Does a cock feel anything like that?" She asked.  "Well not really," I told her.  
"But I've got an idea - wait right her, I won't be long." And with that I dashed out the room.


To be continued..........................

