.....................Continued


I came back into the room to find Brianne dozing off.  With me I had brought a cucumber and a 
Banana.  I knelt between her legs again and picked up the cucumber - it was about 9 inches 
long, about 1.5 - 2 inches thick and slightly curved.  I woke Brianne by gently licking her cunt 
and nuzzling her pubic hair.  She smiled and asked if I was going to do it gain?  I grinned and 
said that I was, and that she was to close her eyes.  I inserted finger into her, making sure she 
was wet enough - she was.  I gently nuzzled the cucumber between her lips, and then pushed it 
in as hard as  I could.   Brianne's eyes flew open with a yelp, as the cucumber slid most of the 
way in.  "My God!  Oh God....Oh God!"  Was all she could say.  I pumped the cucumber into  
her, watching as her cunt tried to swallow it all up.  As I slipped the vegetable in and out of her 
I told her take hold of her legs, just under her knees, and to hold them up.  She did as she was 
told, I got the feeling that the way she was feeling at the moment she would do whatever I told 
her, exposing her ass to me.

I leant forward and licked around the crack of her ass, my tongue moving closer to her butt-
hole all the time.  I slowly inserted the tip of my tongue into her ass, she let out a low moan.  I 
pushed my tongue a bit further so that it was about an inch into her.  I soon replaced my tongue 
with my finger, and wiggled it about inside her ass.  She was moaning and writhing about, and 
I could see her juices trickle past the pumping cucumber, along her ass crack towards her other 
hole.  I peeled the Banana (not an easy task with only one free hand) whilst still pumping the 
green vegetable in her.  I positioned it at her hole and turned to watch her face as I slowly 
inserted it into her.

She kept her eyes tightly shut and held her breath as I slid it home.  I tried pumping it a bit, but 
it just seemed to mash itself into a pulp in her ass.  By this time I was feeling well hot again, so 
I turned around and positioned my cunt over Brianne's face.  "How about some for me?"  I 
asked.  Brianne did not respond.  The cucumber which I was still pumping in and out of her was 
holding her full attention.  Determined not to be left out I settled my soaking cunt onto her face 
and rubbed my clit on her chin.  She must have got the message because I felt her tongue 
searching for my clit.  When she found it I ground myself into her face even harder as I felt my 
orgasm approach.  I rammed the cucumber into her harder and harder, faster and faster until 
finally she came - doing her bucking bronco routine again.  After she was finished I withdrew 
the cucumber with a slurp and leaning back, forced it into  her mouth - so that she could taste 
herself.

She sucked her gooey juices off, licking the tip as if it were a cock.  She then gripped it with 
her teeth and pushed it into my gaping cunt.  Her tongue had almost made me come before she 
did, but the cucumber was all I needed.  I forced my self backwards onto it and screamed for 
all I was worth as my orgasm racked through me.  I collapsed beside her and fell asleep.

I woke a little while later to see Brianne with a hand between her legs. "Ready for more? I 
enquired.  "Um...... what did you do to my ass, by the way?" She asked.  "Shit the banana!!"  I 
crawled round to look, and saw the soggy-mashed end  of a rather large banana protruding 
from her butt.  I reached out to remove it for her, but it just disintegrated in my hand - this was 
going to be a slight problem.  I was trying to fish out the mashed banana with my fingers when 
I had an idea.  I told Brianne to pull her legs up again and bent my head between them.  I placed 
my lips around her butt-hole and sucked for all I was worth.  I got a mouthful of banana which 
I swallowed (it most definitely did not need chewing).  I sucked again, and this time Brianne 
pushed, and this time I got a mouth full of banana - but with a slight aftertaste.  I swirled it 
around my mouth before swallowing it and then stuck my tongue up Brianne's ass again.

Just then I heard a sound downstairs.  Shit!!  I jumped up and started grabbing for my clothes, 
whilst throwing Brianne's at her.  Someone was home!!!


Here ends another of Kerri's exploits.  Look out for more  - they could be just around the 
corner.  I do hope you enjoyed them, and all criticisms and comments are gladly accepted.


The Psycho Viking
