Tracy's Revenge is sweet.  She even lets her friend Susan enjoy some of it.


"I'm going to be away next weekend." Announced mom.  "Geraldine has invited me to go to the 
theatre, and I don't want to drive back late at night, she invited me to stay over.  Will you be 
OK here with your dad, Honey?"  She asked
"Sure mom, don't worry about!"  But I was worried about it.  Since Dad had fucked me last 
week I had managed to stay out of his reach, but what now.  Maybe I could stay at Susan's.  
Maybe Susan could stay here - no, on second thoughts that wasn't such a good idea, what if 
dad freaked out and tried to fuck Susan as well.  I'd have to plan something.

"Your mother won't be back until tomorrow evening.  She and your Aunt Geraldine are going 
shopping in the morning, " said Dad, smiling.  I ran upstairs and hid in my room.  I watched 
TV, read a little, alert for the slightest noise outside my door - there was none.  Maybe it was 
just a one off thing with dad, but still.  It was then that I had an idea.  I rushed over to the 
phone.

I waited until about 10 minutes after dad went to bed.  I changed into my shortest night dress, 
applied a few dabs of perfume , tousled up my hair and made my way along to his room.  I 
went in without knocking, the light was out, but I could tell by his breathing that dad was still 
awake. "Dad?" 
"Yes Honey," he replied.
"I can't sleep.  Is it alright if I climb in beside you?" I said in my best daddies little girl voice.  
In lei of a response he pulled back the covers on Mom's side of the bed. It was a huge bed, 
antique my mother said, with a huge brass headboard and baseboard.    I climbed in and 
snuggled right up to him, he was naked.  He put his are round me, and I draped one of my legs 
over his, so that my knee just gently nudged his balls.  As I snuggled up to him I could feel him 
growing hard, and knew this was not going to be too difficult.  I stroked one of my hands down 
his chest  and across his stomach.  "Mmm, what's this ,"I said as I found the tip of his now 
throbbing cock. "I'll have to go and see!"  and with that I pulled my head below the covers and 
headed for his groin.  "Isn't daddy a big -boy" I said wrapping my hand around his dick and 
giving it a few tugs.  "It looks so nice and tasty," as I slowly slid my lips over the tip.

"You're a good girl, Oh yeah, very good" moaned Dad as I sucked his cock.  I pushed my 
tongue into the slit in the top of his dick and tasted the saltiness of it.  I held the tip in my 
mouth, running my tongue around it, whilst pumping away at the shaft with one of my hands.  
My other hand was gently squeezing his balls.  He stiffened a bit, and I increased my pace until 
he finally grabbed the back of my head and forced his whole prick into my mouth.  I could feel 
his salty sperm shooting against the back of my throat, as he held my head in position.  His 
dick plopped out of my mouth and I climbed up beside him.  "Now I'm going to give you a 
really good fucking for that.... "he said.
"Not tonight dad, I'm still a bit sore from last week.  Maybe in the morning" I pleaded.
"Yeah, in the morning," he answered.  "I'd like that, darling.  In the morning" he mumbled as he 
drifted off to sleep.  I waited until I was sure he was asleep, and then snuck out of bed.

I opened the front door and looked out, no one there.  "Susan!" I called.  She appeared from 
behind a bush, and I motioned her inside.  "Where is the bastard?" she asked.  I had told all that 
had happened last week, as well as what I had planned for tonight.  "Shhh!  He's upstairs 
asleep.  But he can't wake up until we are ready!"  We both made our way up the stairs to his 
room.  I left the hall light on and the door ajar, so that we could see what we were doing.  I 
retrieved several of Dad's ties from his closet and we both crept up to the bed.   I gently lifted 
one of his arms above his head, and tied it to the bed post. I  used to be a girl guide, so the knot 
was unbreakable.  I lifted his other arm - he mumbled something under his breath.  Susan and I 
stayed perfectly still, not making a sound.  He settled again, and I managed to secure his other 
arm on the other bed post.  His legs were quite a bit more awkward, but between the two of us 
we managed to secure both his ankles to the bottom two bed posts as well.  By the time we 
were finished he was tied spread eagle on his back.  I pulled back the covers to reveal his penis, 
which was oozing a clear liquid onto his leg.

"I thought you said he was big," moaned Susan.  "Give him a bit of time to get excited" I said.  
"he's not hard yet!"  I then urged Susan to get undressed and switched on the light. Undressing 
myself I climbed on the bed, on top of my father and slapped him hard in the face and said 
"Wake up, you bastard!"  I slapped him again.  His eyes moved, and as he realised he was tied 
up the flew open "What the fuck's going on?"  He yelled, trying to sit up.  I sat on his chest and 
told him to shut up, or that I'd leave him like this until mom came home.  "Well what are you 
going to do?"
"Oh, nothing much dad.  Just a little revenge - you know the kind of thing" I said slapping him 
again
"Stop that, you little bitch.  Let me loose or I'm going to ..."
"To what dad?  You are all tied up.  And if you look this way," I said pointing at Susan who 
just then took a volley of photographs.  "Now any more nonsense from you and Mom will want 
to know why she is receiving anonymous pictures of her husband stark naked straddled by her 
naked daughter.  OK.  You get the picture?"  That shut him up.  He looked rather glumly at the 
ceiling and asked "Well what did you have in mind?"

"Firstly, Dad, we're going to give you a little show and we'll see where we go from there.  
OK?" I said as I climbed off him.  I walked over towards Susan, took the camera away from 
her face and kissed her full on the lips.  She responded, by putting down the camera and 
bringing her arms up to embrace me.  I lowered my head and took one her nipples in my mouth, 
feeling it grow hard in my mouth.  "You see dad, this is what we were doing last week when 
you interrupted us.  I want you to watch this, and to keep watching - don't want' you to miss a 
thing."  I pushed Susan to her knees and lifted one of my legs over her shoulder, so that she 
could have unlimited access to my cunt, and also so that Dad could see everything.

She slid her tongue into me slowly, rubbing it up and down my cunt lips.  I was already quite 
wet, so when Susan tried to put one of her fingers up me it slipped in with ease.  She moved it 
in and out slowly, whilst still licking and nibbling on  my clit.  I let out a low moan, and looked 
over at Dad.  His cock was getting hard, I could see it growing slowly - he couldn't take his 
eyes of us.  I knelt down beside Susan, pushing her to the floor.  She willingly spread her legs 
as I lowered my mouth to her labia.  I was still amazed by the amount of pubic hair she had.  I 
lapped away hat her cunt, feeling her get wetter and wetter, whilst rubbing my groin against her 
legs.  I stopped licking her, and we both stood up.  Dad was now fully erect, and it was quite a 
sight.

"Wow!!" said Susan, who had never seen a naked man before.  "Are they all that big?" She 
asked.  "Unfortunately not" I replied.   "Can I touch it?" She asked.  "Of course, we can do 
anything we like to it!  He's not going anywhere."  Susan reached over and touched dad's prick.  
It seemed to jump out of her hand as it twitched.  She slowly pumped it up and down a few 
times, marvelling at the velvet hardness and the glistening dome. "Go on, put it in your mouth, 
"I urged.  She looked nervously at me, and then at Dad.  She slowly climbed onto the bed and 
bend down over dad's crotch.  Her tongue darted out and touched the tip.  "It's salty," she said 
as her tongue went out for a longer inspection.  She then bent over and took as much of it into 
her mouth as she could.  I noticed her cheeks fill up with air, and then I started laughing.

"What?  What is it?" She asked worriedly.
"It may be called a Blow-Job, but you don't actually blow!"  I told her laughing some more.  
"You suck, silly" I said as I climbed on the bed beside her and took dad's prick from her hand.  
It was hot, and I could feel by the way the blood was pumping through it that he wasn't long off 
cumming.  I quickly showed her how to do it, and then let her take over.  I roughly massaged 
his balls, and as I felt them tighten I pulled her head off his dick and told her just to pump him 
with her hand.  He held his breath as he came, loads of the stuff squirting high into the air, and 
landing on both  of our faces and hair.  "What is it?" asked Susan.  trying to frantically wipe 
the creamy cum of her face.  "It' his Jizm" I told her.  "Here taste some - this is what happens 
when men Cum!  Pretty good isn't it."  She tentatively licked some from my chin, smiled and 
then tried to lick the rest off me.

"Did you like that Dad?" I asked.  His just grunted at me, red faced. I lifted the cucumber from 
beside the bed - "Remember this, Dad"  I took a big dollop out of the Vaseline Jar that was on 
the dresser and slapped it on Dad's ass.  "Hey, what are you doing?  I'm not into that kind of 
thing!!"  He shouted.  I sweetly informed him "You are into anything we want you to be.  Or in 
this case, anything we ant in you will be!"  I gently rubbed the Vaseline into his ass, inserting a 
finger with it.  He tried to buck away, but there was nowhere he could go.  I really had made a 
good job of those knots.  "You ready for this Dad?" I said as Susan and I prepared to push the 
cucumber into his ass.  We were both kneeling between his spread legs and watched as we 
pushed the vegetable into his shiny asshole.  Dad may not have been into it, but his cock 
responded by jumping straight to attention again.  I pumped the cucumber in and out of his ass, 
twisting it from side to side - making  him squirm - while Susan played with his dick some 
more.

"Do you think I could get it all inside me?"
"I don't see why not.  I'll help if you want to give it a try." I answered.  I left the cucumber 
buried deep in Dad's ass and helped Susan into a squatting position above Dad's erect cock.  I 
held him straight up, whilst Susan lowered herself slowly onto it.  When he was most of the 
way in I told her to start moving up and down, as if bouncing on a rocking chair.  She was very 
wet as we could see how slick Dad's tool was as she moved up and down.  She started to speed 
up as she felt her orgasm closing in, and I pumped the fake green cock in and out of Dad.  
Susan went arched her back and went rigid, clamping her cunt muscles around the huge prick 
which was buried well within her.  The clamping of her muscles must have set Dad off, as I felt 
his balls tighten and heard him grunt quite a bit.  Susan pulled herself of and flopped onto the 
floor, still trembling, leaving a gooey trail of dad's spunk behind her.  We both crawled off to 
my bed to sleep it off, leaving Dad still tied up, with the cucumber buried inside him

I woke daddy the next morning, he was still tied up, by withdrawing the cucumber - it cam out 
with a soft sighing sound. "Just one more Photo before we end all this, Dad. " I told him, as I 
stood on the bed above him.  I squatted slightly above him and peed for all I was worth.  I got it 
in his mouth, all over his chest and all over his dick, as Susan snapped merrily away.  

I untied him after Susan had left with the camera and told him I would leave it up to him to 
explain to Mom why her bed was soaking wet and stank of pee.  I also told him that it had been 
an experience for all of us, and that he should that me really.  He lunged at me.  "No - no, 
remember the photo's.  Wouldn't want Mom to find out.  Or Susan's dad for that matter - he is 
a cop anyway.


The Psycho Viking
