Copyright © 1997, Bobby Lee,    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






                             Traci

                              by

                           Bobby Lee



   Some years ago my wife died and I was devastated by her death. I
   was retired and had little to do with my time other than mourn my
   loss. I was so depressed that I even considered suicide. I never
   dated and the thought of an intimate relationship with another
   woman seemed, at the time, to be an insult to my late wife's
   memory.

   My next door neighbors, Bill and Susan Wells, invited me over for
   dinner regularly after my loss and they were my closest and best
   friends. Their daughter, Traci, who was nine, came over quite often
   to keep me company and we would would help her with her home work,
   sit and talk or watch T.V. together for hours. Tracy was a lovely
   little girl, small for her age with short brown hair and a cute
   little nose. She reminded my of a pixie. Bill and Susan both worked
   and Traci was a latch-key kid from two-thirty until nearly six all
   week. Since I was at home most of the time it was a perfect
   arrangement.

   Tracy usually wore little sun dresses and one day, when she was
   sitting in the sofa watching T.V., and she innocently spread her
   legs. I found myself glimpsing at her panties at every opportunity
   without being too obvious. After she left I was aroused to the
   point that I masturbated.

   After that, Tracy became an obsession with me. All I could think
   about was putting my hand inside her panties, caressing her little
   pussy and arousing this child but I didn't know how to go about it.
   I couldn't be open about it because I might scare her and I had to
   hide my feelings from her very protective parents.

   Once, when Traci had just gotten home from school, I went over to
   talked with her. After a few minutes, I excused myself to use their
   bathroom. Once inside, with the door locked, I rummaged through the
   nearly empty dirty clothes hamper. I found a pair of Susan's
   panties and toward the bottom was the object of my search. A pair
   of light blue cotton panties with the word "Tuesday" printed on
   them. I removed my penis from my pants and started stroking it.

   I was touching little Traci's panties! With a trembling hand I
   turned them inside out and pressed the crotch panel to my nose. I
   started inhaling, moving the crotch until my nose was just below
   the front crotch seam. At this point the wonderful, arousing,
   pungent vaginal odor was the strongest.

   I was smelling little Traci's panties! With the tip of my tongue, I
   licked this portion of the panty crotch. The taste was slightly
   salty but very sexy. I and began alternately licking and smelling.
   The small amount of moisture made the odor even stronger. I my mind
   I imagined that I was licking little Traci's pussy!  My hand moved
   rapidly up and down the shaft of my penis.

   As I could feel my orgasm approaching I spread Traci's panty crotch
   with my fingers and rubbed it over the head of my penis. I shot my
   semen just in front of that marvelous crotch seam were Traci's
   vagina had touched just the day before. I soaked those panties with
   my spunk. I imagined I had just come inside little Traci!

   Afterwards, I removed most of the semen with toilet paper, rinsed
   the center panel with water and returned them to the hamper hoping
   they would dry before Susan washed them. I went back to the
   kitchen, talked with Traci for a while, said goodbye and left.

   During one of our conversations, Traci had told me that she had
   wanted a Sega game set but her parents had told her they couldn't
   afford it. Two weeks later, on her tenth birthday, I surprised her
   with a complete Sega game set and ten game cartridges. I told her
   she would have to use it at my house because her parents might
   object to my buying her such an expensive gift. She readily agreed
   and thus became a conspirator. For the first time Traci put her
   arms around me and gave me a kiss on the mouth.

   A month or so passed and after every visit Traci would give me a
   hug and a kiss. It was at this time I decided to make my move.

   One day when she was over I said; "Traci, honey, let Uncle Frank
   show you how to kiss properly." She always refered to me as her
   uncle although we were just neighbors. "What is wrong with the way
   I kiss."; She replied

   "Nothing, but you could do it better, here let me show you. Come
   here on the sofa and sit on my lap"

   "OK"

   With that she sat on my lap and I could feel her firm little
   buttocks pressing against my hard erection. Turning her face toward
   me I gently kissed her on the mouth and stuck the tip of my tongue
   between her lips. She responded by closing her eyes, opening her
   mouth and touching my tongue with hers. Soon she was french
   kissing like and expert. We kissed like that for about five
   minutes.

   Finally, when we stopped I said; "You know Traci, honey, older
   people have a way to make each other feel good. It is like that
   kiss only better. Would you like to experiment?"

   She replied; "What do they do?"

   "One thing, before I show you, you must never tell anyone what we
   do. Not even your mommy and daddy. Do you promise?"

   "Yes", she replied

   Well, Traci, they touch each other's bodies in such a way that it
   feels very good. Now I am going to touch your body and if I do
   anything that scares you or if you don't like what I do, just say
   stop and I will. Do you understand honey?"

   "Uh huh"

   Again we started kissing. I placed my palm on Traci's knee and
   slowly, every so slowly, moved it under her dress. Advancing my
   hand upwards I commenced stoking her inner thigh. Her inner thighs
   were damp with perspiration.

   "Open your legs a little sweetie"

   She opened her legs and I moved my fingers toward her panties!

   "Does it feel good Traci?"

   "Yes, but it is scary."

   "Do you want me to stop?"

   "No."

   Gently, I traced my middle finger over the center panel of her
   panties while we continued to kiss. A soft sigh escaped her lips.
   With my other hand I unfastened the buttons in the back of her
   dress.

   "Please help me take your dress off your arms honey"

   Traci pulled her dress free from her arms and it fell to her waist
   exposing her tiny breasts. There was no suggestion of development
   in the breast tissue but pink nipples were slightly swollen, about
   the size of an acorn and they jutted out from her flat chest.
   Even though they were immature I wondered if she would respond to
   my touching and kissing them. I lowered my head and pursing my
   lips I took the soft pink jewel into my mouth. Her reaction was
   immediate. She whimpered and pressed my head to her breast with her
   hand.

   As I continued to suck on her nipples they wrinkled and contracted.
   I took one between my teeth and gently nibbled on it. With my
   finger I continued to touch her panty crotch. Through the soft
   cotton, I could feel the soft, swollen lips of her pussy. I pushed
   the cotton material between them and stroked back and forth from
   her vagina to her clitoris. Her vagina was secreting lubricant
   which coated her panty crotch and made it slippery. Little Traci's
   panties were wet and I was fondling them!

   Traci was squirming on my lap, rotating her soft buttocks over my
   hard penis. Her breathing was fast and irregular - she was
   aroused. I slipped my middle finger under the tight elastic leg
   band of her panties and trailed it over the area between her thigh
   and her pussy lips. Though I could not see them, her lips felt
   puffy and swollen. I inserted three fingers under her panties and
   exerted a slight pressure on her pussy, moving my fingers back and
   forth over the lips but not yet going between them.

   I momentarily stopped sucking her nipple, gave her a sexy kiss and
   moved her off my lap and into a prone position on the sofa. I got
   on my knees and hovered over her kissing her and squeezing her
   hardened nipples between my thumb and forefinger. With one hand I
   pushed her dress up until her panties were visible. Traci lifted
   her hips and pulled the dress up to her waist exposing those
   lovely white cotton panties.

   Taking her in my arms we kissed. I pushed my hand under the waist
   band of her panties and felt her pussy mound. It was smooth and
   hairless. I separated the lips and inserted my finger in her slit.
   With the tip of my forefinger I rotated her clitoris in small
   circles. The tiny organ was rigid and Traci responded by mouthing
   a loud gasp.

   "Are you alright, honey?"

   "Yes, that feels so good I can't help it, please don't stop"

   While I continued to caress this tiny bud I put my other hand down
   the back of her panties and rubbed her buttocks. Moving both hands
   downward I pulled her panties down so I could see her pussy. There
   it was! I spread her lips and gazed at the interior. The inside
   lips were bright red and engorged with blood. The edges had a
   fluted, ragged appearance. With a finger I pushed the covering of
   her clitoris back exposing it.

   "Honey, I'm going to kiss you between your legs now."

   "Oh, why, it's so ugly down there"

   "Because I love you, it is beautiful to me."

   With that, I moved down between her legs and kissed the smooth
   surface of her inner thighs. I spread her pussy lips with my
   fingers and started kissing and sucking on her clitoris. The
   response was immediate. She moaned loudly and thrust her hips
   upward. Spreading her legs she trapped my head between her thighs.
   I moved my head downward and inserted the tip of my tongue in her
   vagina. Reaching around her hips with my other hand I
   simultaneously fondled her clitoris while I gently fucked her with
   my tongue..

   Traci was clenching her buttocks, thrusting upward with her hips,
   furrowing her brow in concentration and panting loudly. Then it
   happened - her very first orgasm! Her stomach muscles became rigid,
   her thighs quivered, her vagina contracted squeezing my tongue. She
   arched her back and pushed her pussy onto my pleasuring mouth and
   then several waves contractions swept over her young body.  She
   wheezed a loud "Oh God!" and then she started to cry. Tears rolled
   down her cheeks as she said;

   "I love you so much, Uncle Frank."

   I stopped my activity, held her and kissed her gently saying;

   "I love you too, Traci."

   She pulled up her wet panties, buttoned her dress and we held each
   other, kissed and talked for about an hour. I told her that we
   could do this again whenever she wanted. Once she had left and gone
   home I made mental plans for the next step - teaching her how to
   fondle my penis and make me come.

   I went to bed early and read a book. About ten o'clock I heard my
   doorbell ring. I went to the front door, opened it and there was
   Traci!

   "I couldn't sleep", she said as she stood there in her pajamas and
   bathrobe. "I thought about what we did this afternoon and I want
   to do it again! I snuck out of the house, Mommie and Daddy don't
   know that I am gone."

   I invited her in, closed the door and lead her to my bedroom.

   "Traci, honey, take off your clothes and get into the bed."

   She removed her robe and pajamas but she was wearing her panties
   underneath. She had changed them after our afternoon session and
   these panties were the light blue Tuesday panties that I had
   smelled and fondled in her bathroom that day.

   I removed my shorts and climbed in next to her. My penis was
   already erect. I do not have a large penis, it is rather small,
   about the size of a large hot-dog. I kissed her and she immediately
   spread her legs. When I touched her panties they were already wet.
   She had been lying in her bed playing with her little pussy before
   she came over.

   As I pulled her panty crotch to one side and inserted my finger
   into her pussy, I took her hand and placed it on my penis. She
   cautiously wrapped her hand about it and I moved her hand up and
   down on my stiff member. We kissed and I sucked on her tiny nipples
   again while I pushed my middle finger into her vagina.

   Suddenly, I had this overwhelming urge to fuck this child!

   Flexing my finger rhythmically, in and out of her vagina, I was
   able to stretch it somewhat. My thumb was stroking her clitoris
   and she was getting very hot and aroused. I inserted another finger
   into her vagina and started rotating and pumping both fingers
   inside her.

   She spread her legs wide to accomodate the attention I was giving
   her pussy and started flailing them against the bed. I climbed on
   top of her and positioning her legs on each side of my hips. With
   my free hand I reached between her legs and stretched her panty
   crotch so I could enter her without removing them.

   Kissing her, I inserted my hard penis under her panty crotch and
   moved it up and down from her clitoris to her vagina.

   "Oh, Uncle Frank, that feels so good", She whimpered

   "Sweetheart, it feels good to me too."

   I instructed her, "Now, honey, I am going to push myself into you
   and I may hurt a little at first."

   I put the head of my penis at the mouth of her vagina and slow
   flexed my hips driving it forward. I could feel it slide passed the
   rim of her vagina only to be stopped by her hymen. I moved it in
   and out about an inch for a dozen or so strokes.

   This triggered her to raise her legs and wrap them around my hips.
   I was in a perfect position to start fucking her. I pushed forward
   and heard a muffled "POP" as my penis ruptured her hymen.

   Traci shrieked, "THAT HURTS, STOP IT FRANK, PLEASE STOP IT!!" and
   then she started to cry.

   It was too late as my penis was already fully inside her. As I
   layed on her, I kissed her and wiped her tears away. Slowly I
   withdrew my penis and slowly pushed it forward again.

   "Oh, that hurts so much but it feels good too!", she said again

   I continued to slowly fuck her and her little pussy was so tight
   and wonderful. The heat and friction was overwhelming.

   Finally, I could feel her small feet on my buttocks pushing me
   forward. She had stopped crying, had shut her eyes and was finally
   enjoying our sexual coupling. I was kissed her passionately, sucked
   her nipples and driving my penis into her vagina with long, steady
   strokes. By now, she was fucking me back, rotating her hips and
   savoring every delicious moment. Panting and moaning, squealing
   with delight, shivering and sighing this ten year old girl was a
   better lover than my wife had ever been.

   I could feel my testicles tighten and new that my orgasm was
   nearing...

   "Your thing is getting harder!" she murmured...

   She pushed herself up on me and held me tightly with her legs so my
   penis could only travel about an inch inside her. Suddenly she
   went into the throes of orgasm as my penis shot streams of hot
   semen deep inside her. She quivered and shook as her orgasm finally
   subsided but she would not release her hold on me.

   I lay on top of her until my penis lost it's erection and then I
   slowly withdrew from her. We kissed and made love a three times
   that night after which we were both totally satisfied.

   In all honesty she asked me, "Will I have a baby now, Uncle Frank?"

   "No honey, you are too young to have a baby but soon I will have to
   start wearing a condom before we make love"

   When we got out of the bed to shower together, the sheets were
   covered with her virginal blood as was the inside of her thighs.
   Her stretched panty crotch was covered with blood and semen as we
   had not bothered to take them off before we started fucking. She
   removed them and I put them in the trash as she could not very well
   take them home. I later saved them as a souvenir.

   After we showered, we dressed and then talked for a while. I
   escorted her home and we kissed good-bye on her doorstep.

   That was almost eight years ago and during those years Traci and I
   had a wonderful relationship. She came over at least twice a week
   and we had wonderful sex together.

   Next month she is to be married and I will have to find another
   friendly little girl neighbor.

                             - finis -












--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....