..............Continued

I rang the door bell and stepped back, turned and waved at my dad.  I'd taken a lot of care 
dressing before coming round to "baby-sit" for John and Mandy.  I had on sheer white 
stockings, a short black pleated skirt and a thin black blouse - no underwear at all.  My nipples 
were already stiff, and rubbed sensuosly against the material of my top.  The slight draught 
between my legs felt really good - I had been looking forward to this all week. The door opened 
and John welcomed me inside, and pointed me towards the living room where Mandy was 
relaxing with a drink.

They were both wearing robes, and looked like they had just showered.  They seemed very 
calm - my heart was hammering along furiously, and my stomach was doing back flips again.  
Mandy greeted me with a smile, and beckoned me to sit beside her.  John came back and sat 
down on the other side of me.  "Where are the kids ?"I asked.  "They are at my mothers," 
smiled Mandy.  "I thought the three of us might relax easier if they weren't here."  I smiled and 
sat back nervously.  "Want to watch a movie, as a bit of an ice breaker?" asked John.  I agreed 
eagerly, as I didn't know what to say - they both seemed so relaxed, and I wasn't.

John lifted a cassette from a box marked John Wayne, and inserted it into the machine.  
The film started - it most definitely wasn't a western.  The first image to fill the screen was a 
hard erect penis, with a woman knelling beside it sucking on the accompanying set of balls. 
The film moved on from there, and started to get a little bit hot.  At a scene where a black guy 
was feeding his meat into a which girl's ass John said "Did I tell you that Tracy let me do that 
to here when I took her home last week?"
"No you didn't, you naughty boy.  That's just greedy!" answered Mandy.  "I think I should get 
something in return for you two keeping things like that to yourselves!"  She said as she sidled 
over towards me.  

She put her hand on my knee and started to stroke gently upwards.  She gently stroked the tops 
of my thighs an d eased her hand closer to my cunt.  As she neared my groin she realised that I 
had no undies on and gave me a knowing look.  She parted her legs and let her robe fall open, 
showing me her cunt.  I gasped.  It was smooth and hairless!  "This is what were doing before 
you arrived," she said as she ran a hand over her pink mound.  "Do you like it?"  I reached over 
and stroked it gently, easing a finger between her lips and rubbing it up and down.  John leaned 
over and started undoing my top, taking it off to allow him to suck one of my nipples.

I continued to rub Mandy, and positioned myself kneeling on the couch with my ass in the air.  
I bent my head to taste Mandy's hairless hole just as John lifted up my skirt and inserted a 
finger into my cunt.  John moved his finger in and out lubing me up, as I gently licked at the 
labia just inches from my face.  I turned to John and asked him to "Fuck me , good and 
proper!"    He gave me a sly look, and I told him I had my diaphram in, and that it was OK.  
On hearing this John pulled off his robe, to show his hairless cock growing to attention.  He 
nudged it up against  my lips and gently pushed it in. Having never had a cock inside me before 
it made me gasp a bit, and I held my breath until he was all the way in.  He said not to worry, 
and that he would be careful , and as he started to pump away behind me I could feel his balls 
slapping against the backs of my thighs.

I diverted my whole attention to Mandy's cunt which was now very wet and right in front of my 
face.  I inserted my tongue and wiggled it about, making her squirm, before  running  it over 
the top of her clit. She jumped a bit and held onto my head, forcing it deeper between her legs.  
Meanwhile behind me John was moving slightly faster, bringing me ever closer to orgasm.  He 
reached his hand underneath me and rubbed my clit a bit, and that did it for me.  I arched my 
back as much as possible and let out a long moan - tightening my muscles round his cock as I 
did.  As I subsided he drew out of me and moved around in front of Mandy.  I lay back on the 
couch and watched at She took his dick between her tits and  fucked him - sometimes taking the 
dome of his prick in her mouth.  All of a sudden he grunted and came inside her mouth.  She 
smiled at me and dribbled a little bit.

She reached round behind the couch and brought out  something I had never seen before.  As 
she strapped it round my waist she explained it was a strap on dildo, and what it was used for.  
The idea of fucking Mandy's if I was  a man turned me on all the more.  She got on her hands 
an knees and told me to enter her from behind.  I crawled up behind her and put the tip between 
her nether lips and pushed.  "Gentler!" she chided, and I slowed up my pace a little. As I moved 
the plastic cock in and out of her it rubbed against my clit, getting me a little turned on as well.  
John was kneeling in front of Mandy with his cock in her mouth  fondling her tits.  Mandy 
moaned a little and I speeded up bit.  The first thing I knew of her orgasm was when she let out 
a wail for me to go faster.  I pounded as fast as I could, and slipped a finger into her tight butt 
hole  -which, judging from the screams she let out, she quite liked.  She stopped bucking and I 
withdrew the plastic dick, all slick and shiny with her juice.

Mandy was exhausted but John and I were ready for more.  I took off the strap-on and climbed 
onto John.  I was riding him like a horse when I felt Mandy push me forward, so that I was 
lying on his stomach with his dick all the way up me.  I looked behind me to see her kneeling 
between our legs with the dildo strapped into position.  She nuzzled the plastic tip against my 
ass, and with the aid of her juices, which were still dripping from it, pushed it all the way in.  I 
was double plugged and felt like I was about to explode.   I had never felt so stretched before in 
my life.  With the two of them pumping away at me it didn't take long for me to cum at all.  I 
grabbed onto John and screamed for all I was worth.  My body went rigid and  I started to 
tremble all over - it was wonderful .  The muscled in my butt and cunt were locked tight, and as 
I felt john squirting inside me there was nothing I could do but scream..... and enjoy it.


These are just some of my initial experiences of sex.  There have been many since, and I hope 
many to come - maybe I'll tell you about them sometime....




The Psycho Viking.

(Remember : feel free to distribute this story, as long as you give credit to those who deserve it.  
Feel free to criticise it, I'm always willing to listen.  I'm always about.)
