Here is a little story to excite and tease you all.  It is based on a story I downloaded from the 
BIG BOARD, which is a good board - even though it's adult section has become subscription 
only.  Anyway  Enjoy the story - and please feel free to distribute it as you wish, just remember 
to give me Full Credit at all times.  Also anyone wishing to criticise or just  to communicate 
please feel free - I'm always here.


The Psycho Viking!!



I was bored.  I'd been roped into doing some baby-sitting for a couple I hardly knew, and they 
didn't even have cable.  Instead they had a rather antiquated VCR and a terrible taste in movies.  
I was rooting around, looking for something to do - being a bit a nosy - when I opened a drawer 
in the sideboard.  In it were a couple of magazines, and I could tell by the covers that these 
were not for family consumption.  On the cover of one of them was a brunette with a vibrator 
half way up her cunt, and on the other was a woman giving some guy with a huge dick a blow 
job!

Now I was no prude, I mean I had given a few guys hand jobs - even sucked one of them off - 
and let a few of them get their fingers wet in me, but I had never seen anything like these 
before.  I took them out of the drawer and decided to have a quick look.  They left nothing to 
the imagination - I mean, they even showed a guy with his dick up a girl's asshole!!!  I was 
getting quite turned-on by about half way into the first one, and decided that my cunt could do 
with getting a little air.  I hiked up my skirt and pulled my panties down to my ankles and gave 
myself a tentative rub.

I was rubbing away and reading at the same time, getting very sticky and excited.  Next thing I 
knew I had a couple of fingers inside - and it felt good.  I put the magazine on the couch beside 
me, to free both hands for what was turning out to be a very enjoyable time.  I closed my eyes 
as I felt a warmth begin to spread out from my crotch.  I had two fingers of one hand all the 
way inside, while my other hand rubbed my swollen clit - it felt really good.

I must have got carried away or something, but when I opened my eyes I saw John and Mandy 
standing right in front of me.  I snapped my legs together, then realised I still had both hands 
deep in my lap.  I pulled them out - there was a bit of a slurping sound at this point - and 
managed to lift my skirt well above my waist.  I could have died I was so embarrassed.  I was 
trying to pull up my underwear whilst trying to tidy away the magazines at the same time.  I 
wasn't doing to well.

John looked at Mandy, as she walked towards me and said, "I see you found a couple of our 
magazines."
"I'm sorry . I wasn't snooping, I was just looking for something to do...I just wanted to see what 
they were like.... I didn't mean to ... How long were you there?"  I stammered.  I was blushing 
like mad. 
"Don't worry.  We don't mind, do we john?" said Mandy casting him a glance, he hadn't taken 
his eyes off me yet. "And as for how long..... long enough to know that you didn't cum."  She 
knelt down right in front of me so that our faces were almost level.  

I think it was then that I realised what was about to happen.   My stomach did a back flip as 
Mandy put her hands on my knees and started to part my legs.  I could smell myself, and 
realised that I was still soaking wet, and was probably making a stain on the couch. Mandy 
inhaled my scent deeply and bent forward to kiss my still fluttering stomach.  She hooked her 
thumbs into my panties and started to pull them down.  I lifted my hips to allow her get them 
off easier, and i noticed that John was rubbing the front of his pants quite vigorously.

Mandy spread my legs as far as they would go and gave me a tentative lick.  It was like an 
electric shock.  I had never felt a tongue on my pussy before, and I could feel the roughness of 
it.  She probed my swollen lips a bit, and then touched my clit. I exploded!  She held my hips as 
they bucked and continued to rub her tongue over my stiff little love-bud as I screamed for all I 
was worth.  My convulsions lasted about a minute, possibly a little more, but in that time I 
think I tensed every muscle in my body over and over again.

When I opened my eyes the first thing I saw was John, pumping his hard cock with his hand.  
Mandy was still between my legs smiling at me, my juices smeared all over her mouth and 
chin.  She then asked if I would like to repay the favour and give her an orgasm like the one I 
had just had, as she said the sight of me  cumming had gotten her all wet. And as for what it 
had done for John..... He was pumping away very frantically now, and his face was bright red.  
He came over and knelt on the edge of the couch.

Mandy took his cock in her hand  and carried on what he had been doing, but quite a bit 
slower, she then licked his dome slowly.  She motioned for me to take over.  I reached out and 
took hold of it, the heat of it nearly burned my hands. As I leaned forward to take his hard cock 
in my mouth John came. Squirting thick, creamy come all over my face and in my mouth.  I 
was just about to spit it out, as I had done before, when Mandy give me a deep kiss on the 
mouth - and stayed there till I had swallowed.  She then licked the rest of the come off my face 
and sucked the dregs from john before he collapsed on the floor beside her.

I was beginning to feel al hot again, so I leaned over to Mandy and began to unbutton her 
blouse.  I took it off to reveal a white lacy, half cup bra holding in a fair sized set of jugs.  
What really got my eye was her nipples.  They were hard, almost black and they were huge.  
My own nipples were small, and my chest was nothing worth raving about.   I undid the bra 
and tried to suck her left breast into my mouth.  I fumbled with her skirt, and eventually gave 
up and just pulled it up to her waist.  She was wearing white lacy undies, to mach her bra, and 
I could feel they were already damp.  I pulled them aside and easily slid a finger into her cunt 
as I continued to much away on her nipple.

I was trying to slip a second and third finger into her when I fell off the couch and landed in a 
heap on the floor.  John lifted my skirt and probed my slit with two fingers, and then positioned 
himself to slam his cock right into me.  When I realised what he was about to do I yelped and 
pulled my skirt down .  "A little late to be shy, isn't it?" said John.  I explained that I wasn't on 
the pill and that didn't have my diaphram with me and that I didn't want to get pregnant.  
Mandy was still partially underneath me, with one of my fingers buried inside her, and I could 
hear her breathing becoming more and more audible.  I looked down and kissed her full on the 
lips - it may just be me being  weird but women taste different to men.  She was trying to 
squirm out of her undies, but my hand in the way made it very difficult.

I repositioned myself with my head just inches from her wet cunt, and took a deep sniff of her 
smell.  John and I both pulled off her underwear and I buried my face in her womanhood.  I put 
a leg on either side of her face and lowered my cunt a bit so that she could reach it with her 
tongue.  I had no experience of pussy licking and was just tonguing away merrily.  I then felt a 
warm tingle as Mandy applied her tongue to my still wet pussy.  I responded by copying her, 
and she taught me what she liked by doing the same to me first.  John was kneeling between 
Mandy's  legs, and he was getting hard again. The sight of me licking his wife's pussy must 
have been getting to him.  He edged a little closer and pushed hick cock into my face.  I took 
the tip in my mouth, but herd Mandy whimper - she didn't like to be left out.  John moved in a 
little closer and nudged his cock against her well swollen lips.  He slipped it in slowly and 
began to pound away rhythmically, as I nibbled on her clitty, just as she was doing to me.

All of a sudden Mandy tensed up and began to shake - I think she got a bit carried away as she 
bit my clit.  This pushed me well over the edge and I reached my second climax of the night.  
John didn't want to be left out, so he pulled out Mandy and pumped himself by hand until he 
shot his load over the two of us.  We all collapsed in a sweaty, sticky heap - exhausted.

After we had all showered and recovered a bit John offered to drive me home, as I had stayed a 
little longer than planned.  Before I left Mandy gave me one of the magazines I had found in the 
drawer, and said I should come back to "baby-sit" again next week.  I agreed quickly.  John 
and I got in the car and he drove me home.  On the way home he told me how sorry he was he 
hadn't fucked me, as I had a tight  hole and he would love to fill it.  I said that I would like that 
too, but that I was scared of getting pregnant and that next time I would bring my diaphram.  
When we pulled up outside my parents house Johns asked if that since he couldn't fuck my cunt 
if he could fuck my asshole, and that way i definitely couldn't get pregnant.

"But won't it hurt?" I asked.  "Not if I do it right," he said. "And I will be careful."  I was a bit 
nervous about it, but said I would as long as he was careful, and that he would stop if it began 
to hurt.

We moved into the back of the car and he lifted my skirt ( I hadn't bothered putting my panties 
back on) and started sucking my clit.  He wasn't as gentle as Mandy had been, but it still got 
me all wet and worked up.  He wet one of his fingers with my juices and slowly pushed it into 
my ass.  He pumped it a couple of times, to make my hole expand a little, and then added a 
second finger.  It wasn't sore, as he said, it actually felt quite nice, as he worked his fingers in 
and out of me.  He then got his dick out, which was rock hard again, and rubbed some of my 
pussy juice onto it to lubricate it a little.  He put his bulb between my cheeks and pushed 
gently.  My ass had to expand quite a bit more to accommodate his cock, but id did and he 
stopped for a few moments when his balls were resting against my ass-cheeks.

He started to push in and out, just as I had seen him do to Mandy earlier, and I reached down 
and started to stroke my cunt.  He started to get faster, and so did I.  The heat was spreading 
from my ass and spreading through the rest of me - it felt really good, and I told him so.  This 
just seemed to spur him on, as he got faster and faster.  I could feel my orgasm getting closer 
and closer, and started to moan slightly.  John's breathing was becoming very laboured.  Just 
then he grunted, pulled out of me and squirted his cum all over my stomach.  There wasn't as 
much of it as there was before, but the sight of it started me, and I rubbed away furiously until 
I cam with a muffled scream.

I wiped John's spunk off my stomach and made myself look as presentable as possible and got 
ready to go indoors.  John handed me my magazine, which he said was for practising, and that 
he looked forward to seeing me next  week.  And then drove off.  I couldn't wait till my next 
bout of "baby-sitting" and rushed inside to do some practising on my own.

To be continued........
 

