Archive-name: Violent/traded1.txt
Archive-author: Cando
Archive-title: Traded - 1


     Cindy at on the long couch facing the T.V. the same as her
father, who sat on the other end.  Dressed in a flannel nightgown,
the cute, petite twelve-year old, had neglectfully left off her
usual cotton panties that evening.  Cindy was a partiuarly
attractive little girl, destined to break the heart of many an
admirorer.  Just entering puberty, she possessed an elfish grin and
golden blond hair.  Recently, she had noticed some finely textured
hair, sparsly sprouting on her pubeus, but she was too modest to
ask her father about it.
     Dad watched the tube, oblivious to the budding alure of his
pre-teen daughter.   He has raising her as a single Dad, his wife
having passed away some time ago.
     As he lay on the sofa, his legs pointed toward his little
girl, his head resting on the arm of the couch, he took little
notice of Cindy, laying down on the other end, her legs pointed
toward his.
     Innocently, as she squirmed to get comfortable,, Cindy moved
down the couch,.... closer and closer to her dad.  Without thinking
she parted her legs as she maneuvered herself.  Little did she
realize that the position she was in now,.. her feet on either side
of her father's, with his legs resting between her thighs,.... was
an open invitation.
     Cindy moved steadily down, she attempted to get into a spot
that afforded her a clear view of the T.V.  As she moved about she
did not realize how far down the sofa she had come, until the sole
of one foot found its way under her short nighty, and was lightly
resting against the hot flesh of her BARE pussy!!!!!
     As she wiggled about, she suddenly felt his big toe make
direct contact with her cunt and touch her between her pussy lips. 
Cindy froze for a moment,...it felt like NOTHING ELSE she had ever
experianced, her whole body tingled,....what should she do!!!
     Realizing where his foot was resting, against his baby's tiny
pussy,....Jeff jerked his leg away as if he had been hit by
lightening, not saying a word, as he guiltily noted a hardening
lump in his pants.
     Cindy was too surprised to say anything herself, and quickly
moved back up the sofa away from the possibility of another
accidental contact with her little cunny.  Watching the T.V. Cindy
could not help sneaking a glance at her Dad, wonder what it would
have felt like if she had continued to rub against him.
     Latter that night Jeff found his young daughter sitting in her
usual position, currled up on his lap, as he tried to watch T.V. 
As she snuggled up against him, as she often did, he found that he
was starting to feel himself harden,.... he was getting an
erection!!
     His face reddening from embarrassment, he felt pangs of guilt,
not willing to concede a natural physical response to the
stimulation of his sex organs.  He tried to deny the feelings ANY
male would have when his sex organ was corressed by the soft warm
bottom of an attractive female.
      His first inclination was to remove her from his lap, but the
truth was it felt good to have her little butt squirm about on him,
rubbing innocently against his hardening penis.
      A tickle of sweat formed under his arm pit and slowly dripped
down his side as he reacted to the effect of his own daughter
unknowingly stimulate his little used sex organ.
      Although it had been over two years since his wife had died,
he still did not date.  At first it was because he felt guiltily
about his wife but now it was due to the time demands of work and
raising his child.
     Cindy hummed to herself, enjoying the TV show playing before
them.  The show was a cable channel movie, depicting a torrid love
affair between two teenagers.  Even some nudity was involved and
all in all it was getting the little girl stimulated, as she
watched intensely.  
     Taking her dad's hand innocently, she played with his fingers
and traced circles on his palm as she got caught up in the sexy
drama.  As the young couple on the screen made passionate love
Cindy absent-mindily placed her dads hands in her lap, placing her
hands over his.
      Jeff's mouth went dry and his heart started to beat faster as
be became aware that his little girl was taking his hand and
placing it in her lap.  Then she opened her thin legs, in what
seamed to him, an inviting way.  But the message he has receiving
was only in his own head as his daughters actions were totally
without any sexual intent.  "You are playing with fire," he thought
to himself, "only trouble can come from this,...move away,...NOW."
     Despite his resolve to get up and and walk out of the room,
his fingers acted as though they had a mind of their own.  He could
not control his hands!!!!  Slowly, he did not want to scare her, he
started to stroke the tender young flesh and to explore the
intimate folds of her childish, young cunt,...through the thin
material of her nightgown.   Tracing the opening of her vagina, he
followed the well defined crease up, until he was stroking her tiny
clit.
     Jeff had never equated sex and his little girl, in the same
thought.  But the temptation to explore the tender, pure flesh of
his daughter was overwhelming, now as she became aware of his
advances she wimpered softly.  Confused she slammed her legs shut,
and attempted to climb off her dad's lap.  But Jeff was no longer
in control of his own actions as he held her tight about the waist
and refused to let her go.  Her breath was quickening with fear,
this was scarry, her Dad was panting in her ear, he was not
himself, she tried to get up, out of his lap. 
     She cried to her dad, as she struggled against his arms, "
Daddy, no, you can't do this, let me go,... please daddy."  But
Jeff was determined to hold on as he told her to sit still,
"Cindy," he told her, "Daddy doesn't want you to get off his lap
just yet, be a good girl and do as daddy tells you."  Placing his
hands between her slim thighs, he forced them apart and stroked the
insides of her legs until she parted her pretty, girlish thighs
even more in response to his urging."Ohhhhhh.....ddddaaaddddyyyy! 
It's sooooo strange.  Please  stop, you can't do this," she winced. 
Ignoring her pleas for release, he cupped her groin area under her
thin nightgown, and parted her pussy lips with his finger,sliding
his middle finger into her virgin cunt hole.  "Uuuuggggghhhh, your
hurting me," she cried.  "Shhhhh, be quite," he commanded. 
"Goooooddddd, don't,....just don't,... it HURTS sooooo much!!!!!
     Alarmed at her negative response, he quickly released his
little girl, and watched her run crying to her own room.  I'm not
fit to be in the same room with a normal human being he thought to
himself.  I'm some kind of monster, doing that to my own daughter. 
Never, never, will this happen again he resolved.!
     But the next night he found himself in her room, tucking her
in for the night, as usual,..... and before long he was stroking
her long blond hair, then her frail shoulders, until finally her
was caressing her pussy and rubbing her tiny clit, however this
time her protests were weaker then the prior night.  He could not
help himself,.... she was so pretty.
     So it began, night after night he would enter her room, to
tuck her away for the night, but soon he would find himself moving
back her bed cloths and moving to caress her,...between her thin
thighs, until she was gasping for breath, and panting out loud. 
     Sometime would cry and ask him stop, other times she would
pretend to be asleep, and roll way from him when he came in,... but
he would still lift up her nighty, or pull down her pajamas, as the
case might be, exposing her little pussy and play with her.  After
a week or so she did not even bother to try to stop him at all or
even cry any more, as it became part of her daily activities.   
     About a month after he started coming into his daughters'
bedroom, as he removed her P.J.'s and played with her little cunny,
running his fingers along the edge of her hairless pussy lips,...he
UNZIPPED himself!!!  Pulling his erect penis into view  he held the
back of her head and tried to get Cindy to take him in her mouth. 
But she quietly said "No, no,.... please Daddy, please don't do
THAT," so he did not pursue it and continued on with the other more
usual activities they engaged in each evening.
     But several nights latter, he felt the same urge return, and
on this occasion she did not try to stop him,...she quitly opened
her tiny mouth, and allowed his cock to be placed between her pale
pink lips!  She remained absolutely motionless, not moving a
fraction of an inch, just sitting up in bed, holding his stiff
penis in her compliant mouth,.... Jeff felt faint with delight.
     Each night thereafter he pulled his pants down and exposed
himself,...softly he would beg her to put it in her MOUTH,..... and
each night she did,... she placed her mouth over his penis, holding
it there for several moments, never saying a word or looking him in
the eye!!!!!!
     Finally, after a week, he took her hand and placed it on the
hard shaft of his penis, and taught her to commence a pumping
action, jacking him off.  Pumping slowly, he could feel the cum
build up in his balls, as she sucked and tongued his cock and then
he could hold back no longer and he erupted in torrents of hot cum,
ejaculating down her throat, as she gluped and swallowed,.... to
avoid choking.
     The next night she felicitated him, WITHOUT HIS ASKING, using
her lips and hands as he had instructed her the night before.  As
time progressed her technique improved, as she learned to suck on
his dick and stroke him at the same time, all the while running her
tongue about the head of his penis and then up and down the
sensitive underside.  Her tiny fingers were like magic as they
stroked up and down his sentative penis, teasing at his balls, even
pinching his pee hole.
        After several weeks of this activity, as she started to
blow him one evening, he moved her about so the vee of her loins
was under his mouth and he licked her clit and tongued her pussy
for the FIRST TIME.
     Despite her revulsion at what her father was forcing her to
do, it felt wonderful, and for that she felt guilt, as though she
was at fault.  However, Cindy never voiced any word of objection to
the sexual activity her DADDY was subjecting her to. 
     Acting like any normal twelve year old during the day,
nighttime belong to her dad, as she became an expert at fellatio
and the art of masturbating her father.   Every night after he had
brought her to orgasm with his mouth and fingers, he would have her
orally copulate him, until he came too. 
      Now when he quietly entered her room at night, she would wait
for him,... naked,.... laying on her back, her eyes closed, her
thin legs partially spread apart, her almost hairless labia exposed
and open, ready for his greedy mouth and fingers.
       As Jeff became accustomed to having his daughter as a sex
partner, he started to think of their relationship as normal,
stealing into her room each night, he could hardly await the
opportunity to explore again, his little girl's body and enjoy the
sensations her love making gave him.  Each time her small fingers
grasped his powerful penis and her hot mouth closed over him, a
charge like electricity soared through his entire body.  As she
slowly pumped up and down on his angry red phallus, his back would
arch, and his legs would become tingly with excitement.  He had
taught her to gently caress his ball sack, running her fingers up
behind his scrotum, to his anus, and then inside his his anal
opening, to massage his prostrate gland, deep inside his bowels.
     During these sessions they would never speak to each other,
except for sporadic moans and groans, that filled the bedroom! 
Tonguing his daughters cunt was like tasting honey, for him, as he
would lavish his mouth on her vulva, and up between her slender
butt cheeks, as he now orally focused on her anus, sticking his
tongue as far up her ass hole as he could, burring his face in the
crack of her buttocks as he licked up and down his daughters
crease, while she gave him an exquisite blow job.  Little by little
he encouraged her to reciprocate, getting her to finally place her
dainty pink tongue in his hairy ass smelling his hearty aroma.  
    Never forcefully pushing, Cindy's dad continued to move their
activity along, so that one night after he had licked and sucked
his little girl's ass for some time, he got behind her and placed
his long hard member up against her little puckered anus, he just
had to get his cock in his little daughter, no matter what.
     "Push back," he instructed her.
     Cindy was VERY hesitent, this was not something she had
expected,...not at all.  But Cindy loved her father, she would do
ANYTHING to make him happy,...anything!
     Well lubricated by his saliva, he slowly entered her back
passage burying his penis deep inside her tiny virgin ass hole. 
Cindy gasped as the invasion of her backside, but surprisingly it
did not hurt a bit, despite the size of Jeff's dick and given that
this was the first foreign object to enter her, beside Jeff's
finger and tongue.
     Trying to keep as much as his body weight off her small frame
as he could, Cindy's father pumped his blood engorged penis very
slowly in and out of the little girls rectum, maintaining as
gentile a rhythm as possible.  Using his daughter this way made him
feel so turned on, he was dizzy and short of breath. In all the
years of his marriage, sex with his wife, had never been as sensual
or stimulating.  Just the thought of fucking his OWN DAUGHTER'S
little ass hole with his rigid pole, heated his blood and boiled
his semen,....UNTIL FINALLY he exploding in wild orgasm, that shook
him head to toe.
     After the now deflated cock deposited its load, way up her
petite, rear end, Cindy could still feel the wet sticky cum fill
her insides, like a hot enema.  Clutching her butt cheeks together,
she squeezed out a rivulet of the stuff, causing it to drip down on
the bed in a white pool of sticky goo.  Noticing the rejected
puddle, Jeff stuck his finger into the mess and capturing it on his
fingers, brought it up to Cindy's lips and wiped the offending
mixture on them, inserting some into her MOUTH!
     "My baby-girl is eating Daddy's cum, right out of her little
ass, ooooohhhhhhhh baby, eat it for me, eat it!!!!" 
     Obediently, Cindy sucked at her father's fingers, cleaning
each one with her cute, little tongue, as more of the gook was fed
into her WIDE OPEN mouth.
     Each night it would seam, brougth new excitment, he was so
proud of his little girl, she could be so grown up for him, but he
drew a line,....he could not, would not,.... take her virginity, he
could not bring himself to actually put his cock in his own
daughter's vaginia.

     One evening Jeff dressed his daughter up in some of his former
wife's evening cloths and took some pictures of her in a slinky
gown, high heels, dark hose, and a bra that added shape to her tiny
tits.  Then he had her slowly strip, and pose seductively for the
camera, as he snapped roll after roll of film.  He assured her that
the pictures were for his own private use, but in fact he had made
a deal with a underground porno magazine for the sale of the
pictures for five hundred dollars.
     Thousands of men would be jacking themselves off to pictures
of his daughter, as she posed at her father's direction with her
small thighs spread apart and her hairless-cunny exposed for the
world to see.  
     Following her dad's instructions to the letter, she pulled off
each item of clothing, one at a time.  Then when all of her apparel
was gone, she stood, sat, bent over and laid down, for snap shot
after snap shot.  Soon, she was pulling her panties up and down,
exposing her little pussy, then her tiny bottom, as the filming
continued.  Her daddy had her pull the panties up between her butt
checks, and even up her front crack, between the lips of her
vagina, as he photographed her from every angle.
     As he became more expert at picture taking he purchased a
tripod, and using a self timer, started taking picture with the two
of them posing, together.  Graphic shots, including ones with Cindy
being sodimised, and performing fellatio upon her father, were
taken.  Using porno magazines for ideas, he made Cindy dress up in
opera hose, garters, leather outfits, even baby cloths and
dippers,...a pacifier in her mouth.  
     As things progressed he had her pose with dolls, and other
objects, as she spread her legs and even her ass checks, every
possible posture a twelve year old could assume.  But Cindy went
through the motions as told, she was her daddy's little girl and
she would always do as he said, no matter what!
     Within several weeks of the magazines publication he was
getting letters from subscribers across the country to trade
pictures with other men, who also had pictures of nude little
girls.  Several of the letters contained snap shoots, of these
children, in sexually provocative poses, and offers to meet and
trade children, for a night... and even longer!   One of the
envelopes contained a picture of a stunning ten year old girl, the
little child was so striking, Jeff was awed and he know immediately
that he wanted her, no matter the consequences.
    Soon after, he contacted the person who sent it to him, and
arranged a meeting.  Telephone numbers and addresses were exchanged
and a time and place agreed upon.

     On the appointed day the four of them meet, Jeff and his
little girl and the man he had corresponded with, John together
with his daughter, Beth, who in person was more beautiful then in
her picture.  Exchanging pleasantries, Jeff and John sat down on
the living room sofa, while the girls played.  After a while John
called Beth over and to Jeff's surprise, John casually reached and
pulled her down onto his lap, while he continued talking.  As she
snuggled back against him, he casually held his arm about her small
waist.  Dressed in a pretty white tee-shirt, tight shorts and
tennis shoes, the little girl's well tanned arm and legs stood out
in stark contrast.
     Without a word John, who was a total stranger, unbuttoned the
waist snap to Joy's shorts.  Still saying nothing he reached inside
the shorts, under her white cotton panties and between her pale
thighs.  Jeff gasped as he realized that this stranger was fondling
his little girl's pussy as they sat together on the couch RIGHT
NEXT TO HIM!
    The child chatted on as if nothing was happening, while John's
fingers were busy moving up and down between her legs.  As Jeff
watched in amazement, the child's only reaction was to spread her
legs slightly apart to give her father freer access to her. 
     Looking at Jeff he gestured  for him to come over and stand in
front of him and his little girl, curious Jeff complied standing
right next to the father and daughter while the father masturbated
his child.  After several moments, the little girl got off her
father's lap and stood on the sofa facing him, so that their faces
were only inches apart.  Leaning forward, the innocent looking,
young beauty, placed her thin lips directly upon his, and slid her
pink tongue into his mouth.
    As though a jolt of electricity had shot through him, Jeff was
frozen in place as the child aggressively explored the inside of
his mouth.  Her lingual member teased his tongue like an old pro,
as she sensuously kissed and sucked at his tongue and rubbed the
roof of his mouth and his gums.   Jeff wonder what he had gotten
himself into as his cock started to harden, in his pants.  His
little Cindy was a good girl,she would never come on to a man like
this, like a little whore. He was always the one to initiate sex,
always the one in control, this child was... a wanton,.... a sexual
nymph,...a hooker in training, as she pressed up against him and
rubbed her thin girlish body against his, like a polished pro!
     The girl was obviously sexually on, as he could hear her
loudly moaning, while she continued to ministate to him.  Throwing
her arms wildly around his neck, she pulled his face forward until
it felt like their lips would grind against their teeth.  Suddenly
she released him and plopped down on the sofa, sitting before him.
Without saying a word, she expertly pulled down the zipper of his
trousers, reached in the opening and grasped his penis in her
little hand.  Holding his blood engorged cock in her hand she
pulled him out of his pants.  Jeff could feel the cold air on this
member, as Bess started to stroke him up and down.
    Standing meekly before the girl it was a humble father who
stood there, realizing that he was at this strange girls command. 
Holding his cock just inches from her open mouth, she teased him by
poking her tongue out and just barely making contact with the head
of his straining penis, before pulling back.  As Jeff stood,
occupied by the child's ministrations, he hardly took notice of
John getting off the sofa and taking HIS LITTLE GIRL by the arm and
pulling her into the nearest bedroom.
    Cindy, who had watched the other little girl practically attack
her father, had stayed glued to one spot as her eyes widened in
amazement at the girls display of sexual forwardness and technique.
Now being pulled into the bedroom, she tried to resist the
insistent strange man, as she was semi-dragged into the a bed-room
and unceremoniously tossed upon the bed.  Before she could utter a
word the large, stranger was on top of her pressing his full weight
upon the her small frame, flattening her out.
     Worming his knee between her frail legs he forced her thighs
apart and covered her lips with his, spearing his tongue between
her lips and into her mouth.  "Oh little baby are we going to have
a good time tonight" he cooed, as he started to work her pants
down, exposing her to his view.
    Yanking hard he worked the material down past her hip and past
her buttocks, as she attempted to keep possession of her pants. 
But after several moments, he was tossing them aside as he finally
pulled them off her legs and ankles.  Maintaining contact with her
lips, she was unable to cry out as he continued to disrobe the
young child, against her will, as she fought as hard as she could
against the much larger, stronger adult.  Clad now, only in a pair
of white cotton panties, he brutally ripped them off her, leaving
a red sore on her inner thigh, as she kicked and squirmed.
     She knew what he wanted, but she only wanted to be her Daddy's
girl, she was not a slut,...like that other girl, she LOVED her
Daddy,.... he was the only one she would have sex with!!!!
     Tiring of her resistance, he pulled back and with the weight
of his entire body behind the blow, backhanded the defenseless
little girl across the face, knocking her almost unconscious.
     In control now, he parted her frail thighs and knelt between
them.  Placing his blood engorged penis at the entrance to her
small vaginal opening, he took a deep breath and then slowly
plunged in, sliding the thick tube of his angry red phallus between
the thin lips of her undeveloped genitals, and up into her warm,
moist cunny, taking her CHERRY!!!!  Enjoying her groans of pain and
discomfort, he pushed harder, attempting to get every inch of his
long dick into her petite defenseless body.
     Looking down at their joined bodies, John told her, "Your a
member of the club now, a little, girl-slut," as his big thick cock
plowed between her pussy lips, her thighs forced back and apart,
her libia spread wide to accomodate him.
     In the next room, Jeff overhead, HIS DAUGHTER WAS NO LONGER A
VIRGIN, he wanted to help her, to save her,..... but he could not
stop, his own penis was being simulated as never before.  Moaning
he continued to mouth-fuck the little girl before him, knowing that
he would be fucking OTHER little girls in the future,....and
exchanging his own darling little girl to do so, betraying her
love,.....a prisioner of his own lust.


                               END
--
