
     Candy kept arranging her shelves inside the small training
room near the high school football field. She stacked the tape
neatly on the shelf, moving the extra boxes into a small closet.
     Congratulating herself for at least being smart enough to
expect the heat inside, she still was shocked at how primitive
and small the room seemed now that the supplies were inside.
There was only room for a training table, where the football
players could sit to have their ankles and wrists taped, and
perhaps three people at one time. Any more than that, and that
room would be very cramped.
     After reaching to place one last roll of tape on the top
shelf, the 15-year-old girl reached down to tug at the bottoms of
her cutoffs. She frowned, realizing these cutoffs were a bit
shorter than she had thought when she'd put them on this morning.
Then again, it did help her stay a little cooler. So did the
thin, sleeveless button-up blouse she wore, though maybe tomorrow
she would wear a bra.
     It was the first day of practice in full gear for the team
and marked the second full week for Candy. She had always been a
great fan of football and especially of the high school team.
Knowing they would never allow girls to play - and, if they did,
would never allow the slender, petite beauty of the field because
of her size - she had long ago set her sights on becoming team
manager. She had studied everything she could find, read every
book she could, and hoped someday to become a team manager for
perhaps even a professional football team. That was her goal in
life; the experience here would be invaluable to her later on.
     The guys on the team had kidded and teased her some during
the first week of practice. A couple had even reached over and
felt her ass but she took that as good-natured kidding. It was
the type of thing she would have to accept if she wanted to
continue. And she would continue, no matter what.
     Her supplies now neatly stacked, the pretty brunette moved
to the door, unlocking it. The players would be coming in soon.
She wasn't allowed in the locker room, so they would come through
this door for her services. The room was attached to the main
building, built a couple of years earlier with no apparent regard
for size.
     Candy had just turned away from the door when it opened. She
glanced back to see Jeff Taylor, the gorgeous 17-year-old junior
quarterback. Not only was he tall and good-looking, Candy had
thought many times before, but he was certain to pick up a full
scholarship from a major university team after his senior year.
He was the leader of the team, no doubt, and even though younger
than the seniors, they too looked up to him.
     "So you're the new manager, huh?" she smiled at her, and she
smiled back, probably too enthusiastically. He was dressed in just
green shorts, she noticed, and her eyes found his smooth athletic
chest. She had never been able to see his chest before but she
had thought about it many times when, last year, she had come
over from the middle school to watch the team play.
     "Yep!" she replied. "And I want to be the best one I can
be!"
     "Well, you're the best-looking one I can remember," Jeff
laughed. "I need some tape on my wrists and ankles."
     Candy turned to reach for the rape and, when she turned
around, she saw Jeff pulling his shorts down. She blushed
furiously as she saw him standing there in just a jock strap, his
cock and balls covered, knowing his ass was bared. She stood
still.
     "Hey," he said, almost nonchalantly, "if you're going to be
the manager, you'd better get used to seeing guys dressed like
this."
     She nodded. He was right. Her job was to make the players
more comfortable and to take care of their aches and pains. If
they wanted to dress like this, then they had every right to.
     "N-No problem," she stuttered, and Jeff hopped up backwards
on the training table. He sat on the very edge.
     "Ya know, you're awfully pretty," he smiled at her as she
began taping his right wrist. She smiled and blushed, embarrassed
but intent on doing her job.
     "Yeah, real pretty," he mumbled and, suddenly, she felt his
left hand cupping her small, firm breast through her blouse.
     Candy didn't know what to do. She stood perfectly still,
stopping the taping. Jeff's hand began feeling her breast through
her blouse and Candy pulled away.
     "Look," she tried sounding forceful but wasn't doing very
well at it, "I don't do that. I mean, like, I just want to tape
you is all. OK?"
     Jeff smiled at her, "Sure."
     Candy moved back to him tentatively and resumed the taping
of his right wrist. She finished it, expertly cutting it and
tucking it, just like one of her many books had shown her.
     "Wait a second," Jeff said to her as she reached for his
left wrist. She stopped but then her eyes widened as she saw him
scoot up and suddenly begin pulling his jock strap off. She
gasped as she saw him sitting there nude, his cock semi-erect.
     "Yeah, this is a lot more comfortable."
     Candy stood perfectly still. Her eyes were locked on his
cock, half in shock and half in fascination. He was smiling at
her, she didn't have to see his face to know that. She was
strangely excited and she felt the moistness begin in her pussy
as she saw his cock.
     "Come on, Candy. Finish taping me," he ordered her.
     She moved, still in somewhat of a daze, and began taping his
left wrist. It wasn't a very good job. Her mind insisted her eyes
focus on his wrist; her pussy insisted they focus on his cock.
     She finished it but, after cutting and tucking the tape,
remained there.
     "Why don't you help me work out this cramp?" he hissed to
her.
     Candy said nothing, did nothing. She wasn't sure what to do.
     Jeff didn't ask a second time. Instead, he reached for her
right hand and pulled at it, pulling it towards his cock. Jeff
was excited by being nude in front of her, his stiffening cock
evidence of that. She resisted some but not much, and she was
surprised at how hot his cock felt when her fingertips touched
it.
     "Play with it," he told her. "Play with my cock, Candy."
     She heard him groan as her fingertips brushed down the shaft
and then back up again, over the head.
     Somehow, the groan brought her out of her daze and she
pulled back again. She moved away a few steps, still looking at
him, seeing his now-hard cock.
     "No. That's not part of the deal," she told him firmly.
     He said nothing for a second.
     "You're a real fucking bitch, you know that?" he said to her
scornfully. "You flop your tits around here and you let guys feel
your ass, then you get my cock hard and say you're not gonna do
anything. A fucking prick-tease!"
     No, no, he was wrong. She never meant to excite anyone. She
just wanted to be the team manager.
     "None of the guys are gonna like you for shit," he told her.
"We all hate you fucking goody-goody prick-teases. Enjoy it while
you can, bitch. We'll start taping ourselves and then let Coach
find somebody else."
     The words stung. They hurt her. It was not what she wanted,
certainly not what she had intended. She stood there, wondering
whether or not to cry. Then, she realized she had to do her job.
     "W-What," she stuttered softly, "w-what do you want me to
do?"
     A grin broke over Jeff's face.
     "Come here," he said.
     After a hesitation, Candy walked back over to him, standing
at his spread knees between his legs. She stood there as she felt
him begin unbuttoning her blouse, and then sliding it down off
her shoulders, leaving the 15-year-old girl standing there
topless. She felt his hands cupping and then feeling her breasts.
     "Yeah, real nice tits," he told her, and she could see his
cock rising again.
     He felt her for a few minutes and then, softly, said, "I
just want you to make me feel good."
     Still sitting on the edge of the training table, Jeff leaned
back on one elbow. With the other hand, he cuffed the back of her
head and gently, but firmly, began pulling it towards his cock.
     Candy knew what he wanted, even though she had never done it
before. Her mind raced back to those few porno tapes she had seen
at her girlfriend's house during a slumber party. The thought was
not a pleasant one but she was determined to do it.
     She snaked out her tongue, first against the base of his
cock, and then slid it slowly up the shaft to the tip. She heard
him groan as his hand left the back of her head so he could prop
himself on two elbows.
     Candy licked slowly over the tip of his hard cock and then
back down the shaft again. She opened her eyes to see Jeff
watching her.
     "Mmmmmmm! You have a great tongue, Candy," he moaned to her.
     She knew what she had to do. When she licked her way up to
the tip again, she opened her mouth and took his cock inside it.
The taste was not unpleasant at all, she thought, and she almost
smiled as she looked into his eyes, the head of his cock now in
her mouth.
     Jeff grinned, "You look awfully sexy with my cock in your
mouth."
     While she never would have before today, Candy took that as
a compliment. If she was going to do this, she was going to make
it good for him.
     She plunged her mouth slowly over his cock, taking as much
of it as she could in her mouth. Her tongue swirled over it as it
entered her mouth, Jeff's groans of pleasure filling her ears.
     The 15-year-old girl could take about three-quarters of it
into her mouth and, when she reached her limit, began sliding her
mouth back up until just the head was in it. Then she moved back
down again, her tongue still swirling over his cock, and her
motions became a little faster.
     "Oh! Fuck, yeah!" he groaned to her. "That's it, Candy! Suck
my cock, baby! Suck my cock!"
     Jeff's cock became harder as her mouth worked faster. Candy
let one hand move to his balls, caressing them as she sucked off
the 17-year-old quarterback. She moved her mouth up and down his
cock, sucking it, giving him what she had heard her girlfriends
refer to as a "blowjob."
     "Come on, Candy! Faster! Do it faster!" he urged her, and
she moved even more quickly with her mouth up and down his hard
cock. She could feel him fucking back at her mouth, increasing
the feelings his cock was giving him, the feelings her mouth was
giving him.
     Candy moved her mouth as fast as she could, feeling Jeff
fucking back at it at as great a rate as he could. She felt his
cock head swell in her mouth, and then she felt the incredibly
hot liquid as it began spurting, first again her tongue and then
filling her entire mouth.
     "Yeah. I'm fucking cumming in your mouth!" he groaned. When
the fluid became too much, she began swallowing instinctively,
eating the young athlete's cum as she concluded her first blow
job.
     Finally, his cock began softening in her mouth. She listened
to his breathing subside as she sucked the last bit of hot, salty
cum from his prick. She swallowed that and then straightened up,
wiping a bit of cum from the corner of her lips.
     Candy wasn't sure what she had expected. A thank you
perhaps. Maybe even an invitation to go steady.
     Instead, Jeff stuck one leg up. "Go ahead and tape this
ankle first," was all he said.
     She was shocked that he didn't even mention it at all. Damn!
She had sucked him off! She had given him a blowjob!
     Candy, back in somewhat of a daze, taped the quarterback's
ankles. When she finished, he hopped off the table and put on his
jockstrap and shorts again. He reached back and squeezed her ass,
smiled, and then went back into the locker room. He never said a
word.
     The girl put her blouse back on, still unbelieving at what
she had done, still unbelieving that he had said nothing to her
afterwards. As she buttoned it, she knew she would undoubtedly
suck his cock again if he wanted.
     The door opened and she turned, her hands still buttoning
her blouse. Standing there was John, the giant senior offensive
tackle. He was nude and smiling at her. As the door shut behind
him, he reached down and began stroking his black cock, which was
enormous!
     The 18-year-old black tackle grinned at her. As he stroked
his hardening cock and looked at her, he said, "Might as well
take that off, bitch. In fact, take everything off. This cock
needs some cunt."
     Candy stood, stunned. Jeff had gone back and told him she
had sucked him off. Now, he was going to fuck her.
     Yet, this time there was little hesitation. The 15-year-old
girl began undressing, knowing she would be nude for him and that
he would fuck her with that giant cock.
     Well, she thought, guess I'll make it as good as I can for
him.
     Her clothes off, she moved to the training table and laid on
it. The giant black climbed on top of her, spreading her legs
with his knees. She felt the head of his cock probing at her
cunt.
     "Yeah, bitch! This whole team is gonna fuck your little cunt
before this season is over. We needed a whore like you!" he
grinned, the head of his cock rubbing up and down her 15-year-old
slit.
     Figures, she thought. They'll probably all want to be taped
too.
                              -END-


