THE FOLLOWING IS HEREBY EXPRESSLY UNDERSTOOD AND ACKNOWLEDGED BY
ANYONE WHO HAS CHOSEN TO DOWNLOAD AND READ THIS FILE:
1.  YOU  ARE  NOT MEMBERS OF ANY  LAW  ENFORCEMENT  AGENCY,POSTAL 
SERVICE   INSPECTORS,FCC  OR  CIA  OR  FBI  AGENTS   ENGAGED   IN 
ENTRAPPMENT.
2.  BOTH  PARTIES DESCRIBED IN THE FOLLOWING  STORY  HAVE  FREELY 
GIVEN   THEIR  FREE WILL CONSENT TO BOTH  THE  ACTIONS  DESCRIBED 
THEREIN  AND  SUBSEQUENT CONSEQUENCES TO EITHER AS  A  RESULT  OF 
THOSE ACTIONS.
3. I (storywriter) KNOW FROM PERSONAL FIRSTHAND EXPERIENCE THAT
THE FOLLOWING STORY IS TRUE AND ACCURATE.
4.  ANY  RESEMBLANCE  BORNE BY EITHER OF THE  PARTIES  TO  ANYONE 
LIVING OR DEAD OTHER THAN  THEMSELVES  IN REALITY IS PURELY
COINCIDENTAL AND IS ENTIRELY UNINTENTIONAL.
5.  THE  PERSON(S) DOWNLOADING THIS STORY IS AWARE  THAT  IT  MAY 
CONTAIN MATERIAL OF AN EXPLICIT SEXUAL NATURE AND IS READING AND
DOWNLOADING IT OF THEIR OWN FREE WILL AND IS NOT ENGAGING IN ANY
ENTRAPPMENT OR LAW ENFORCEMENT ACTIVITY.
6. NEITHER OF THE TWO PARTIES DESCRIBED HEREIN WISHES TO HAVE ANY
OUTSIDER  EITHER  ENGAGE  OR  ATTEMPT  TO  ENGAGE  IN  SO  CALLED 
"RESCUES"  OF  EITHER  ONE. BOTH HAVE  FREELY  CONSENTED  TO  THE 
ACTIONS DESCRIBED THEREIN WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE AND CONSENT OF THE
POSSIBLE CONSEQUENCES.
7. YOUR STORYWRITER TAKES NO PERSONAL RESPONSBILITY  FOR POSSIBLE
OFFENDING ONE'S SENSIBILITIES AND UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL 
YOUR  STORYWRITER  REVEAL  EITHER  THE  PARTIES  TRUE  NAMES   OR 
LOCATION.   SUFFICE  IT  TO  SAY  THAT  YOUR  STORYWRITER   KNOWS 
PERSONALLY   BOTH   PARTIES  CONCERNED  AND   CAN   SAY   WITHOUT 
EQUIVOCATION THAT IT IS A TRUE STORY.

WITH THE ABOVE CLEARLY UNDERSTOOD, CONSENTED FREELY TO 

READ ON............

   

                    THE TRAINING OF SANORA

     I decided  to begin her training on Sunday July 16 at  an  early 
evening  hour. The previous day I went out and bought some  basic 
equipment which I felt was going to be needed. Wrist cuffs, ankle 
cuffs,collar  with  rings,  blindfold  and a  ball  gag.  Let  me 
describe my slave-to-be (she doesn't either know or realize  this 
yet). She is white 47 years old about 5'4" tall, Italian-Spanish
about 200 lbs. and is 38-30-36 with a 36C bra size, long black 
hair and a sweet innocent face with accompanying smile.

     She has one major problem and that is she has moderate brain
damage due to multiple sclerosis. This causes her to have wide
emotional  swings from hour to hour, minute to minute and day  to 
day with no predicting what will be next. She goes from nasty  to 
tender   and  right  back  to  being  nasty  again  all   without 
remembering.   She also has fluctuation of memory problems  which 
sometimes  I'll  admit are a blessing and at other  times  are  a 
curse.

     At  present her lower left leg (from the knee down) is in  a 
cast since she recently broke her small foot bone. So she has 
a low pain tolerance right now.

     She says she doesn't like tounge kissing but her nipples and
afterwards  reactions say otherwise. She when she is in a  tender 
and passionate mood can be very tender and passionate indeed !!

     She also says  she's not willing to suck me off or give head
but  if I coax and force her she will and then she gets  into  it 
with enthusiasm for one with little experience. I know its just a 
token  protest  on  her part and usually  it  doesn't  take  much 
coaxing on my part. I could force her but why at this early stage
should I exert that much effort ?

     A thing that gets her hot and turned on is when I play first 
with her clit by running my finger over it a few gentle times and
then I insert a finger or two in her vagina. Her nipples get hard 
and  erect,  her  voice gets husky and  she  tounge  kisses  with 
abandon  and  her pain sensitivity is  decreased  sveral  hundred 
times. Her face and upper body are in great shape as are her legs 
and ass but the rest are in very poor shape.

     She  generally  either accepts what I tell her as  truth  or 
resigns herself to going along with my desires. I have decided to 
follow a careful regimen of firm tight bondage, without pain (FOR 
NOW,it can come later) with gradually increasing periods of time
that  she  will spend being bound by me. After a  few  months  of 
daily  sessions of this type of 'training' (perhaps no more  than 
30-45 days) she should be submissive and obedient enough so  that 
I  can begin the second stage of her training which will  consist 
of tighter and firmer bondage and a small,very light taste of
first ,what I call light discipline (small taps on her ass or leg
gradually  increasing in force and intensity stopping just  short 
of  leaving  even a quickly fading mark or sting with  either  my 
hand or riding crop.  

     I  intend to keeping writing this journal and  updating  and 
adapting my plans for her complete training.  Someday when she is
well and truly trained perhaps I may either lease her out, or trade   
her for another slave for a few hours or perhaps I'll 
train her as a pony girl. I'll let my imagination and fantasy
dictate  my realities for the future for right now but  then  who 
knows ....?

                           MASTER JIM


               THE TRAINING OF SANORA (continued)

     Today  July 18th in the evening I continued the training  of 
my  slave-to-be  Sanora.  Naturally, she  followed  the  expected 
pattern,  nastiness  to resignation and while  in  bondage  first 
an  air  of resignation, then a testing of the  security  of  the 
bonds holding her, then panicking, then quieting down then softly
crying  into  the  ball gag strapped tightly in  her  mouth.  Her 
wrists were clipped together with a single link then that link
holding her wrists clipped to a snap ring on her right ankle cuff
and  an off color orange ball gag strapped tightly in her pretty  mouth 
and  her  slender  neck enclosed by a  studded  tightly  strapped 
collar  with two rings (one on each side of her neck).  Her  left 
leg still being in a cast was free to move about. Due to a slight
stumble she had experienced earlier in the day her wrists, which
I had planned to cuff behind her back had to be cuffed in front
of her. I also had planned to then snap link her free leg
to  her  cuffed  wrists using some cord I had  obtained  for  the 
occassion , and the have her lay on her side for approximately 
30 minutes. As it was I snap linked her wrists together and  then 
using the same link holding her wrists together in front of her
snap linked that to her right free leg while she was sitting up.
For her to lay back in this position with her casted leg free and
her  bruised  shoulder would have been more than she  could  have 
borne.

     At approximately the 45 day mark I plan to use a thin butt
plug on her virgin asshole and also to use my hands and a riding crop
to administer mild discipline at appropriate moments. Leading  up 
to the butt plug and riding crop stage will be longer periods of
mild bondage & restraint BUT NO discipline until I feel she is
psycholgically  ready  for  it.  After the butt  plug  perhaps  a 
thicker one with a plume tail, if I decide to train her as a  pony 
girl. Naturally she has no idea or expectation of the pony girl
training or stimulation it provides those of us who enjoy it.
I intend to keep it that way for the moment due to the emotional 
unstable  mood  swings  she is subject to. As  to  the  temporary 
swapping  or trading (NOT  OVERNIGHT) of her for another  slave
girl she is nowhere ready either mentally or physically.
The expected  reactions  would  be those  of  betrayal  of  her by me 
anger  swift  and  fierce and directed at me  and  then  stubborn 
resistance which I would have to deal with by severely discipling 
her  with a riding crop on her ass while she was in strict  tight 
gagged  bondage. All the while reassuring her that I still  loved 
her  and by her voluntairily going along with her  new  temporary 
master  she would be proving and making stronger her love for  me 
and  her desire to please me. But willingly or NOT she was  going 
to  go for a 'short time' with her 'new' master and  either  obey 
him  as she did me or else she would be severely punished by  him 
and end up doing whatever he desired  one way or the other and  I 
was  only trying to bring her to her senses by this punishment  I 
would  be  giving her right now, and she upon her  return  to  me 
would  be welcomed and much loved by me and more importantly  she 
would have learned from the experience a deeper and stronger love 
for me , her first and original master, as well as other new and
different ways to please and delight me.

     The  plummage tail butt plug with an retaining rim on it  to 
prevent  its being forced out naturally ,or one with a  strap  to 
hold  it in place, would be accessoried by a bridle for her  head 
with  a  bit for her tongue and mouth and  perhaps  nipple  clips 
along  with a broad leather strap around her waist to  which  her 
hands would be clipped behind her back and above her ass so as to 
allow the crop and light whip free access to her ass to guide and 
discipline  her during pony girl training sessions  and  possibly 
attaching  around  her waist a mock saddle with stirrups,  I  say 
mock saddle because unlike many of the books and films depiciting 
this training, a person cannot normally support another's
weight much less full weight on their  backs.

     I  have been debating in my mind the best way  to  introduce 
her  to the initial butt plug and have talked her with  about  it 
and  told  her approximately when I first plan to use it  and  as 
expected her reaction was first one of "NO!!!" and very nasty and 
loudly sounded and then after a little more coaxing on my part
a  sigh  of  resignation and acceptance and  accquiesence  to  my 
plans. I expect when the first time to use it comes, a lot of
resistance   and  struggling  on  her  part  both  verbally   and 
physically  and  I have been trying to decide  which  is  better, 
coaxing and arguing with her for a period of time or first letting
her think she has won and then putting her in tight bondage and
then  when she  can not defend herself slip the vaseline greased
plug  into her asshole and  buckle it up tight to a waist strap.
Mentally  it  is necessary for me at some time to break her spirit
to fight me and I am trying to decide when it is best to attempt
to do so. At  present (Wednesday July 19) the reactions I am 
getting  from her  about  the butt plug are ones of resignation 
and  about  my plans  to  physically  discipline  her also  the
same  sighs  of resignation  and  her voiced hope "of lets get
this  whole  scene over with" with her expecting no more after
this. Little does she know that  her  training  is NOT going to
last a  short  time  as  she expects   but  rather  a  LIFETIME.
She  also  admits   somewhat grudgingly  that the training does 
turn her on to  some  degree and  it increases  her desire for me
and this admission from her is  the first mental step towards her
complete submission to me.
After repeatedly warning her NOT to be nasty mouthed after one of 
our  30  minute  sessions has ended  and  I  have  'temporairily' 
released her from bondage, she persists still ..!.. after 4 sessions
in being nasty and foul mouthed afterwards. 
I think in order to cure her of this bad habit I am going to 
introduce her to discipline by the crop after only two weeks of
initial  training. In other words sometime next week. 
I  will warn her that if she persists in being foul  mouthed  and 
nasty  either before, during or after a session I  will  increase 
her  time that she will have to spend in being gagged  and  bound 
and I will punish her during the session with the crop for her 
trangressions  of  the previous day or days. I will inform her at
the beginning of the  session what punishment she has merited  for
her previous' days sins.
Hopefully   this  will  cure  her  of  this  habit  quickly   and 
permanently. Seconds thoughts.....perhaps I'm asking too much  of 
her, after all this has only been her fourth session ?......
Addendum...shortly  after the Wednesday session ended   (7/19)  I 
explained  to  her that I could NOT let her  sins  go  unpunished 
anylonger and I was going to discipline her right then and now.
I  ordered  her  to go into the room where we  held  our  earlier 
evenings  training  session and strip naked and wait  for  me  to 
enter  the room and put her in bondage again and  administer  her 
her  justly deserved spanking. I informed her that I had  decided 
she merited 20 spanks on her ass cheeks for her earlier sins and
I  then  proceeded to put her wrists in cuffs and put  her  right 
ankle in a cuff and also proceeded to gag her with the 'hated'
off color orange ball gag, but I omitted her collar this time.
I clipped her wrists together with a snap ring and then attached
the snap ring to the right ankle cuff (her left leg is still in  
a  cast)  with  a length of rope I had handy  for  just  such  an 
occassion. I then proceeded to lay her down on her left side and
then gave her twenty hard smacks on her ass cheeks with my hand
pausing in between strokes (which I counted off for her since she
was gagged) to rub and stimulate and massage each cheek. At about 
the tenth stroke she started to sob and then cry and then quickly
dried  her tears (mentally) but on the twentieth stroke she  gave 
out  with  a short muted high pitched "OOOOOOH" gasp of  pain.  I 
then released her and told her that I would be counting her sins
from  tonight  on and that as soon her leg was free from the 
cast  I would resume punishing her but that tonight I simply
could NOT let her go unpunished anymore and I had to do what
I did for her own good. She seems for now to have accepted
the fact that I will punish her and is willing , on the surface
at least,to accept the punishments by my hand ... we shall see in 
the future about the riding crop.. and is apparently truly sorry for
arousing my anger with her.  We shall see how she behaves in the
future especially about the butt plug.

(to be continued)
Sunday July 23...
     The training of Sanora is continuing at an accelerated  pace 
due to the fact that she has persisted in being foul mouthed  and 
nasty.  I have reached a decision and that is to train her  as  a 
pony girl and also have decided to have her service others when
I so desire and deem it necessary to remind her of her place.

Psychologically she is even more submissive than before since she 
now admits to being turned on by the sessions and  is  apparently 
more  than  ever eager to please me.  I purchased  yester  day  a 
broad leather strap with o rings to strap around her waist and 
a thin butt plug and a long flexible riding whip. A crop I will
purchase later. As a sign of her submission to me I have made
her  agree to insert the plug in herself as well as  agreeing  to 
accept  whatever number of strokes I deem necessary to  give  her 
with the whip across her ass cheeks for her trangressions.

     She is almost but not quite yet ready to have her spirit
broken  once and for all.  From experience in psychology  I  know 
that  the last of her spirits to fight me are going to  take  the 
longest  to  break. She thinks the strokes are for her  sins  and 
does  NOT suspect that they are really to break her  spirit.  The 
same  is  also  true of the butt plug.   More  stringent  bondage 
sessions  and more 'stimulations' with the whip are going  to  be 
necessary  before  she  will have reached the  point  of  instant 
unquestioning obedience to me and my desires. Some of the bondage 
sessions  will  involve  clipping her wrists  together  and  then 
clipping  her ankles together (after her cast comes off her  left 
leg) and then clipping legs and feet together all the while  with 
the hated off color orange ball gag strapped tightly in her mouth 
and  while she is wearing a blindfold.  The  blindfold  terrifies 
her and for this reason I am going to begin using it again tonite 
to gradually ease her into getting used to it.

July 23---She has come full circle psychologically again. She now 
freely admits to both wanting the sessions and to being  punished 
by me.  She also admits that the sessions arouse within her 
feelings of 'being special' and newly felt pleasurable desires.

It  is perfectly normal for this cycle to occur again  and  again 
only it should happen with increasing frequency until it comes
to the forefront when she is first aroused. In other words 
when she is first aroused (by however means or whatever means)
she should then come to both want and expect bondage and also
want  and expect discipline.  It has never been nor will it  ever 
be  my  intention  to permanently  disfigure,scar  or  maim  her. 
Discipline her yes, raise a few welts with a crop yes, stripe her 
ass yes but never maim,scar or disfigure her with the possible
exception of a brand on her left cheek with my initials but  then 
only with her freely given full knowledge of the consequences
consent. All the others are for pyschological conditioning.

More to follow in part 2 real soon.


