Archive-name: Changes/tranform.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Transformation, The


Mistakes!, The (Series #1)

My name is Charles 'Chuck' Howley.

	First I think I should talk about me, or the way I USED to be.
I used to be the ultimate babe catcher.  I would go to bars or whereever,
and guys would take notes.  I could pick any woman up and then lay her down
if you know what I mean.  I am serious, there was no one I knew who was a
bigger 'stud' than I was.  If it had breasts I could convince it to fuck me.
That's a bit sick, but helps give you an idea about the way I was.  My roomate
always asked me to set him up with someone, but that wasn't my thing.
	Anyway, I digress.  This is about my involvement with a certain
lady scientist (smart chicks turned me on).  Her name was Katrina.  Katrina
Polovsky to be specific.  She was my next door neighbor when me and my college
buddy moved into a great appartment near the university that we were attending
graduate school in.  My roomates name is Bob Coleman, but he is only a small
part of this story, or is he?  Hmmmm...now that I think about it, he actually
had a great deal to do with this whole scenario.  I was a business major, but
transferred to Law, and am working in graduate school as I said, and Bob is
a veterinarian to be (I am now...I help pussys..ok bad joke!).  
	The whole thing started when we set up our telescope in my room.
We, of course, were not terribly interested in star-gazing.  We noticed early
on that directly accross and slightly below my window level was the room, and
bathroom of our next door neighbor.  Let me describe the scene to you, two
young horny men setting up shop look accross the way and see a woman derobing.
Enough said huh?  Now don't get the wrong idea, she was no model.  In fact
had she been in a bar I would not have looked at her twice.  She appeared to
be fairly short, about 5'4, or maybe even shorter.  She wore large, think,
black rimmed glasses, and had the smallest breasts I have ever seen on a woman,
and believ me, I have seen many of them.  Her hair was very messy, short, and
unevenly cut.  Her skin was so pale I first thought she was an albino until
my roomate informed me that albinos did not have dark hair like hers.  I was
not the brightest of law students, in fact it was more due to the fact that
the dean was female that I passed than it was due to my brilliance.  No, I
did not fuck the dean for grades, though it was a nice little perk that
prevented me from screwing and running.  I screwed Diane, oops I wasn't
supposed to ever use her name, um Shelly was her name, yeah, that's it!
I screwed Shelly cus Shelly had just gotten back from a breast augmentation
surgery, and she was very fetching after it.  
	I digress again...I have a habit of doing so.  Anyway, back to Kate
Polovsky.  Her hair was filled with little specks of dandruff, and when I
first saw her she had obviously not showered in more than a few days.
Anyway my roomate then said "Hey Chuck, that is the ugliest chick you've
ever seen naked!".  He then laughed in a typically masculine manner.  Not
only was Bob smarter, but he was actually more handsome.  I was a basketball
player.  No, not a good one.  I was a center, and was average at best, but
you let me digress again.  Punch me when I do that.  Better yet piss on
your homework when I do that.  Kate (as I call her now) had lived there
for 5 years, and was a very well respected young scientist.  She had a
critical role in several military developments, despite being merely 28
years old.  I was a kid at 24.  Anyway, being the friendly guy I was I
decided to go over and introduce myself.  My first mistake.  
	I then immediately followed that with my second mistake.  Telling Bob
what I was planning to do constituted as mistake #2.  Bob is a great guy, and
envied me like mad back then, but he was also a prankster.  He immediately 
joked "Gonna go over and screw that ugly hairless horse over there huh?"
Why me?  He then said "better watch it Chuckmeister, the ugly ones are either
the hardest or easiest to screw!"  How would he know?  I was the all-american
stud!  So being an idiot I made mistake #3 (all in a row like that), instead
of saying "Go fuck yourself!" I said "Oh yeah? I can get any chick in the 
sack!".  See where this is going?  You got it, Bob, in typical jokester
fashion decided a bet was in order.  He decided that appropriate amount would
be half the rent.  In other words if I won, he pays all the rent, and if I
lost, well you get the picture.  I fortunately had the presence of mind to
say "Nah, too risky, she could be a lessie."  See how sensative towards 
women I was.  Anyway he convinced me that I could do it given all semster.
The bet turned into I had to have her ready to marry me by the end of the
semester, upon which time, I would dump her.  Cruel huh?  Well I agreed making,
you guessed it, mistake four.  I keep logging these mitakes so that you can see
how many chances i had to avoid this catastrophe, but didn't because I wasn't
sensible.
	To understand why I accepted this bet, you have to realize that it
wasn't the money, although it never hurts.  I was pig headed.  In my mind
women were nothing, but a way to get satisfaction.  I never visualized a 
woman with her clothes on.  I saw a woman on the street and did I think
'She looks nice' or 'She looks smart'? No, not me.  Even ugly women were
just sexual objects, albeit undesirable ones.  They were like cars to me.
A pretty one was a Cadillac, and ugly one was a Saab.  A young girl was
a Porche, while an old one was an Edsel.  I am serious, I never associated
any human qualities with women at all!  That and the fact that I saw myself
as a man who's mission in life was to be the next Hugh Heffner.
	Anyway, I agreed and went over to the house with a sinister motive,
right after I had had probably the first non-sexual thoughts about a woman
since my mother was killed (they never did prove it was Dad's gun).  I 
strolled over casually thinking up a way to get her in the sack quick, when
she came out of her front door carrying a bucket filled beyond the rim with
shrivelled up dicks.  Yes you read right, dicks!  To say the least, this
drastically lowered my love for this bet, and I was about to flee back to
the house and declare the bet null and void, when she turned, saw me and said
"Oh hi there.  How are you?  You're the new neighbor right? I am Katrina."
and she closed the distance between us faster than I have ever seen a woman
move without running.  I was frozen stiff.  She held out her hand to shake
hands, but I could not move and inch.  It was the first time I had met a 
woman that frightened me.  She was no dummy, she immediately noticed that
I was staring at her bucket and said "Oh my goodness, I forgot I had those
with me.  Well, you have uncovered my plot to kill every male in the world
so I guess I'll have to kill you."  My eyes popped out of my head and I said
oh so eloquntly "k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-k-ill me???"   She giggled uncontrollably
and said "No silly, I was joking!"  This did not ease my tention at all.
	She then explained to me that she was doing some experiments with
genetics, and limb replacement, and she had made the sexual tools as part
of her experiments, to see how well they would perform.  She went on to
tell me that when her work was completed cosmetic surgery would be out-dated
and that you could just use her machine to design your own body.  As I said
I am not a genius, but I understood enough to calm my fears.
	She then invited me in, and I accepted with new resolve.  I could see
it a semester from then, I would say "I do...just joking you shitty bitch!"
I walked into her house and was frankly amazed.  Her entire house interior
was carved out and replaced with a series of massive machines.  There was a 
human sized tank of water with wires floating in it in the middle of the
house, and it was flanked by a massive series of computers.  I gasped.
She looked at me and asked "Are you a scientist? If so I'll explain the 
machine to you..." I stopped her right there and said "No, do not explain 
a thing, you will just confuse me."  Even today I do not have even a small
inkling about how that enourmous machine worked, though she always referred to
it as her "Biological System".
	It jumped out at me and scared me half to death.  It the leaped into
the air and threatened to take part of me apart!  It then landed upon me and
began to...purr.  Purr?  It was indeed a cat, but not a typical house cat.
It was a Cougar!  The Cougar was licking me furiously, as if it were trying 
to melt me like the wicked witch of the next door.  Katrina said "Oh Garth,
can't you treat our guest properly?"  The cat purred at her and went back to
licking me.  I was frozen stiff, afraid that any minute the cat would
change moods and tear me to shreds.  I have no illusions about my fighting
abilities.  It is another of my weaknesses.  when I get slapped it hurts.
I have no threshold for pain, and I cannot deliver a punch without 
telegraphing it and letting my opponant have two weeks to figure out his
favorite way to block that particular punch.
	After several weeks of visiting her constantly, I made no progress.
She would not open up, and never even gave me a hint that she was interested in 
getting stuffed by me.  I spied on her constantly to try to figure out an edge
but she never did anything.  All she did was work on her machine.  Even when
I was there, she just worked away on it.  She said that she was making progress
on it, and that at this rate it would be done in 10 months and she would be
rich, famous, and happy.  She always warned me to stay away from the machine,
as if I were there to smash it.  She also mentioned that if she did finish it
in 10 months that she would be 6.3 million dollars under-budget on a 7 million
dollar funded project.  She said that would open the eyes of the military to
her talents.
	I then decided that if i were going to win the bet that I would have
to rub out the competition.  I convinced myself that only if she were without
that infernal machine would she notice my superhumanly sexy self.  Take notes,
cus this was mistake #5.  I have had time after time to pull out of this whole
affair, but never did.
	After she left on her daily jogging trip around the blocks in the local
area.  She would be gone for 2 or 3 hours.  I dressed up in green camo gear
(not mine, Bob's.  I have no camo stuf because I have never heard of anyone
getting laid because a chick liked his gun belt) and wore gloves, and was
ready to shoot the Cougar cus if i didn't it would eat me as soon as I got
close to the machine.  I stalked over there oh so well.  I had never done this,
but I think I did damn well for my first attempt.  I broke into the back
door, ok, I'll admit, she always leaves the back unlocked cus the cougar likes
hunting wabbit, er rabbit.  I opened the door and stuck my head inside and saw
the cougar looking right at me from across the room.  I could tell it new I
was up to something by the way it stared at me.  I raised my gun and slowly
squeezed the trigger and *Pfffft*. the deed was done.  You don't think I would
use a gun without a silencer in the city do you?  I am young not naive.  I then 
went about destroying the machine.  I took my bat and smashed relentlessly at
the assorted computers, and pummeled them into unrecognizability.  I then
turned my thoughts tankward.  I looked at the large tank and remembered that
she had put more work into that piece of equipment than any other.
	I decided that since I had an hour and 10 minutes still after my
bashing, I would check this tank out.  I climbed up next to it and looked in.
It most certainly was not water as I had initially believed.there was some
sort of slimey mucus like gunk in there.  I then made sure I was far enough
below the lip to avoid any possible slip into this tank of slime.  I saw
electricity coursing through the liquid.  Curiousity killed the cat right?
Well the cat took advantage of my curiousity, that and the fact that I thought
there was only 1 of them, to leap up at me and begin clawing at me.  It had
been outside hunting and had rutrned to find it's mate lying dead on the floor
and me messing with the mistresses' stuff.  I struggled valiantly, but decided
that I couldn't win because I had put the gun away (I hate guns) and I was 
losing this fight fast!  I decided that my only survival chance was to flip
backwards into the tank and hope it didn't like the looks of the slime.
	Great idea, but it turned out to be my last and biggest mistake.
pushing off from the great cat, I flipped back into the bubbling tank and
was met with a series of shocks.  You don't think that clearly when cougars
are on top of you tearing you apart.  I actually stayed awake in the tank for
quite awhile, and it really wasn't that painful until just before I blacked
out.

SCENE 2
	I woke up in the hospital and tried to moan, because I had the worst
headache I had ever had.  Fortunately I did not feel any pain anywhere else.
thinking about it more, I realized that I could not feel ANYTHING anywhere
else.  I couldn't move anything.  I was paralyzed!  The Katrina moved into
my vision and said "Chuck, do not worry.  I will not press any charges,
in fact there is nothing that I can do to you that could be worse than
what is going to happen to you for the rest of your life."  Bob then
came in and said ""Um, dude don't worry about the bet, you won as far as
I am concerned ok?"  I tried to respond, but could not manage.    
	Katrina then cleared the room and returned to me alone.  She said
"I know why you were being friendly to me.  I know about the bet.  I have
known all along.  But why?  Why did you destroy what would be my life's
most rewarding invention?"  She then continued "Well, I know about the way
you treat women and I want to tell you that you are going to have a
terrible month." She then left without saying another word, but left a note
on my table.  Bob then returned and said "Dude, I will be callable if you
learn how to talk again ok?  Should I tell yer Dad about what happened?"
trying to respond just made the already hideous pain worsen.  He then said
"blink twice for no, once for yes."  I started to blink once but an eyelash
dropped into my eye, and I blinked rapid fire.  He said "Wow, you must
really hate getting their support."  Actually I wanted it since I could
not pay for the treatment, and I let my insurance company cancel my policy for
lack of payment.
	Over the ensuing 3 or 4 hours, my feeling slowly returned to my body.
Once I was able I reached over and got the note that Katina had left.  I
opened it slowly, and read it:
		Dear Chuck,
			I know that you will be unnable to believe me,
		but your body is going to undergo a massive phisiological
		change.  When you fell into the vat, it altered you inside
		and on a subtle level, and those alterations will force more
		overt ones over the coming weeks.  What I am trying to say
		tactfully is that you are about to undergo the worlds first
		non-surgical transformation from male to female.  You will
		also be undergoing other changes that will complement your
		change, and probably will become a very unique being.

							Yours truly,
							Katrina Porovsky

		P.S. Do not try to seek me out, I am moving away.
	I laughed at this ludicrous letter.  It couldn't be true, could it?
I mean really, sure it was related to what she was trying to do, and sure she
said she was getting close to success, and that only minor bugs remained,
but no way could it be true.  I began to cry.  I then though 'I am crying,
just like a girl!' I then forced myself to stop.  I realized that I had pretty
much healed fully, and could leave, if I had any money that is!

-- 
Transformation!, The (Series #2)


	I sat there thinking in my hospital bed 'Could Katrina be telling the
truth?'  'Naaaah!' I thought, that's stupid.  Shit like that just doesn't
happen!  I then remembered the fact that Katrina had not lied, misled, or been
wrong since the day I met her.  I began to cry softly.  I then snapped upright
and realized that I had just cried in a typically feminine fashion.  I
won't do that, I am a stud remember.  I can have any woman I want!  I then
decided that if Katrina wasn't trying to decieve me, that I would be a tom
boy of a woman.  No wearing bras, or dresses, or any of those wierd
accessories, the most feminine thing that would touch my body, would be jeans
from the women's department, and lady's sneakers.  I would wear my old t-shirts
and other clothing, and I would not cry, think about guys, or even consider
using pink in my room.  Yup, I had it all figured out.   Then Katrina came
back.  She walked in and said "I felt so guilty Chuck, I had to see you again."
	"Hey stop that! This is a hospital not a hotel!" screamed the nurse.
She was referring to all the orgasmic noises coming from Katrina, as I thrust
it in for the umpteenth time since we started fucking 3 minutes earlier.  As
I mentioned, I do this alot, and through critiques from the ladies, I have
become probably one of the better lovers in the country.  I pride myself on it.
I said "Good job, Katrina.  You had to have your orgasm so fucking soon!
Why couldn't you hold it?"  "First off call me Kate, Chuck.  Secondly until
3 minutes ago I was a virgin."  she commented.  "I know, you think I can't
tell?" I replied.  "Just get out of here 'Kate'!" the nurse snapped "And get
a chest while you're at it!"  Kate, being very sensative about her breasts that
made her look almost pre-adolescent, ran out of the room crying.  "Kate come
back!" I cried.  "Your blouse!  You said beore we started that you had more
information!" I screamed as I rose from bed, fully healed from my trauma.
	The nurse was a 5'7" average looker with blond hair.  She couln't have
wieghed more than 130 lbs.  I was 6'4" athlete, and I was still horny, plus
this bitch had just scared off my #1 hope of getting out of, or coping with
this mess.  Let's just say that the woman no longer has her perfectly formed
facial structure.  Hey, she tried to stop me from getting out of bed!  What
was I supposed to do?  
	I chased Kate down the hall, still hard...ever try to run right after
sex?  It's not fun especially if you have above average sexual features as I
do.  It runs in the family, to this day I have never seen bigger breasts on a
woman other than my mother's.  Being my usual athletic self I beat her
downstairs, and waited at her car.  When no one showed, I assumed she had
noticed her toplessness and ducked into a closet or something somewhere.
meanwhile I saw the orderlies flying acorss the lobby to come collect me.
I decided that making a break for freedom was the best policy.  Hey, after
all I couldn't have paid for the treatment, although the only treatment they
gave was a warm bed, lousy food, and breaking up sex.
	I jumped in Kate's car and immediately it hit me, no keys!  I decided
to ditch the car (great thinker I am huh?) and run for it.  I outran
theUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
UUUUUUUUUUUUUU#+&M'R#+'SkU/.]Y[service error
To chance it on foot, instead of trying to hotwire it (great decision since
I don't know how to hotwire a car).  I outran the orderlies, and ducked into
an alley.  Five bad looking dudes came up to me and their leader said "Hey
look at this, looks like we found that guy Michelle wanted."  "But he doesn't
look like the kind of guy to suit Michelle's needs, Slash." the smaller
one on the left said.  "If he doesn't do it then we kill him, it's that
simple!" Slash retorted.  I managed to spurt out "Oh I'll fill her needs,
I can handle it, by the way, what are her needs?"  "You'll find out punk!"
Slash said angerily.  They led me, ok they forced me deeper into the alley
and apparently one of them hit me from behind.  I blacked out.
	"Unnngh" I muttered as I came to in a very comfortable bed.  My
head hurt really badly.  I sat up and saw a woman wearing nothing save a blue
nightgown, standing in the hallway.  She was very attractive, and had deep
red hair, with hazel eyes that seemed to glow. "Michelle the volunteer is awake
now!" she screamed.  Her breast set very nicely on her chest, and didn't droop
or sag at all.  Her body had the look of a woman who worked out.  I wanted
sex so bad, I was ready to leap at her and rape her, but I was still in a tight
spot, so I controlled myself.  I was however hard as a rock.
	Michelle also had reddish hair, but it was a deeper blood red.  She
was about 5'7", looked to be around 120 lbs.  She had nice curves, and an
average bust size.  What made her stand out however was the way she held
herself.  It was with a confidence that I had not seen before in a woman.
She seemed as if she was in control of everything.  My God how I wanted her!
She was wearing tight, hugging spandex shorts, and merely a brassiere on top.
Her hair was wet as if she had just stepped out of the shower.  "So you
volunteered huh?" she asked taking a seat at the desk I had not even noticed
was there.  "Sort of, I suppose." I said as casually as I could.  "What
do you mean 'sort of'?" she questioned.  "Well those 5 guys didn't exactly give
me much choice in the matter." I replied quickly.  "Shit!" she said "I told
those morons to stop doiing that.  I told them to find a volunteer not to
make one."  "What is it you are looking for?" I asked.  "A male hooker." she
said so casually that it set me off guard.  "Well," I said looking for some
sex "I won't ask for any money, but I can fill you up if yyou are that
desperate..." "Not for me you idiot!" she inerupted "For my business.  What
do you think this place is?"  I knew it was a whorehouse, but I still didn't
care if it had her in it.  I stared at her supple breasts, her nipples
accentuated by the lacy bra, and I realized, that I was supposedly not long for
this sex, so 'What the hell!' I thought.  "I'll do it!" I said. 
	When Kate entered I was shocked to say the least.  After me, she
thought anyone could perform as well?  "I knew I'd find you here." she said
in a matter-of-fact kind of way.  "How?" I said.  "I left that blouse with you
on purpose, it has a tracer in it." she pointed out.  "Oh." I said flatly.
"I had to pay to even talk to you ya know." she said.  "I said well, you said
you had more info for me." I said.  "Yes, that transformation into a deformed 
woman you are going to undergo, well I figured out that it should start
within the day.  I found that out at 12:00 yesterday.  So basically any minute
it could start, or maybe it already has, and is starting on internal stuff."
she explained.  "I also figured out that your senses will be greatly enhanced.
So like you should be able to smell as well as a wolf, hear super-humanly,
and see extroardinarily well.  Unfortunately I figured out that it will also
greatly enhance touch.  If someone slaps you lightly, it will feel like a truck
ran over you.  Sex will be so incredibly pleasurable, that you might not be
able to handle it."  I nodded as if I understood, but I had no clue, as
I said, I am not the brightest.  
	Kate moaned in pleasure.  We had just finished our 11 and a half hour
bout of love-making.  Kate had 50 orgasms a second it seemed.  She acted like
it was unbelieveable to her how good it could be.  I like to think that it was
just me.  I don't remember noticing anything odd, but when I went to the
bathroom to take care of my hygiene needs, I noticed something.  There,
protruding from my chest, were huge flabs of flesh.  That's right, breasts.
They weren't all that big yet actually, but when you go from no breasts to
a little, it seems like a lot.  I suppose that was how teenage girls felt,
but to them it happened gradually.  For me it was literally over night.
I had explained my plight to Michelle before taking this "job" but she
laughed and I don't think she believed me.  I stared at the mirror in awe,
and wondere whether it was just a dream/nightmare, but it was so real, it could
not be.  They hung there, and stuck almost staight out.  I did not move
for about an hour.  I had this intense urge to start findeling myself, but
I resisted, because doing so (in my demented mind) would be admitting defeat.
	Kate then came in and gasped.  She knew it was coming, but was as
unprepared to see me with little tities, as I was.  We decided to measure them,
and let's just say they weren't the type that runs in the family.  The nipples
had not stuck out at all, or developed in any way.  They looked identical.
The urge to fondle them grew with each passing moment, and I asked Kate if this
was normal.  "Actually I don't know, I was indulged in my scholastics at that
age and I didn't notice the fact that I had breasts till some of my classmates
began teasing me about having such small ones in my senior year.  I was lucky
to notice when my periods started." she confessed.  "I'll go buy you a bra for
those.  You should have about an 'A' cup almost." she offered.  "NO! I will
not be wearing any girly clothes!  No bras!  No panties!  No high heel shoes!
No frilly feminin sissy clothes AT ALL! Do you hear me?!? I am a man at heart,
and I will NOT be wearing any little cute pink things!" I shouted.  I was
loosing it.  I knew that, but I couldn't help it.  I was ready to get a
pro-female ranting and raving from Kate when she said "Your right."
	"Huh?" I muttered.  "Your right.  You are a man at heart, not a woman.
Why should you pretend you grew up a woman when you are a man?  In fact, I
wouldn't be surprised if you decide to keep chasing women.  Your only choice
might indeed be to become a lesbian, Chuck."  I feinted.
	I woke up to Kate slapping me silly.  I worried that if I had been out
long enough more hideous developments might have taken place.  "How long?" I
asked immediately.  "10 minutes" Kate responded "Michelle said I could stay
free of charge in order to help you cope.  She said that after you became a
woman that the two of you would talk about your continued capacity here.  She
said that she did not expect you to be a female hooker here, and you could like
be in charge of greeting the customers or whatever."  I sat up and kissed Kate
deeply.  "What was that for?" she asked.  "For not pressing me to try to act
female, and for not being mad at me for blOWIng Up liKe tHAt" my voice cracked.
Oh no I thought, not the voice.  My voice was always one of the keys to my 
catching the ladies.  "Well, she said.  I was exaggerating.  I don't think you
should play the sexual scene at all...that lesbian thing was a joke.  I do
however think you should consider wearing a bra.  If you don't men will think
you are 'easy' and you will spend the rest of your life saying 'I am not
interested' and fighting off would be rapists."  Rape was not one of the things
I had thought about.  I did not buy her arguement one bit, but it was the way
she said it, kind of pleading with me to at least dress femininely enough to
pass as a normal woman.  I nodded my permission to purchase bras.
	Many men complain to me that the bra is a tough thing to get off a
woaman and that only the ladies can do it.  They just did not have enough
experience at it.  I was great at taking those suckers off.  Putting it on
however proved to have some difficulty related to it.  During the time that
Kate was out shopping I had spent staring at...at...them.  I noticed about 5
minutes before she returned, that my nipples had slowly stuck out during the
time.  They were perky little breasts, but if I were to have tits, I wanted
knockers.  I wanted a huge bust, that drew attention.  I was a bit of an
exhibitionist as a man, and as a woman I wasn't going to stop.  Then I
remembered my promise to myself to stay as manly as possible with no dick, and
thanked God for these small ones.  Kate laughed as I failed to connect the bra
on my 25th time.  "Let me help." she said, but I waved her off, determined to
show that anything some dippy woman could do, I could as well.  I finally
connected the bra ends on about the 70th try.  I looked at mmyself in the
mirror.  I noticed somehing that I hadn't before.  My chest hair had
disappeared long before the breasts were even hinted at.  I sighed.  What would
Dad say?
	I screwed Kate again that nioght despite her protests of cramps.  I
convinced her that it would be one of the last few times for me.  During our
love making I was gratifyed that she was still very attractive to me.  It meant
that I was still a man emotionally.  Kate seemed amused at the fact that I had
breasts in bed.  After sex I flumped down on them and was rewarded when the
fuzzy sheet rubbed against them and sent a mild good feeling through me.  I had
never had sex as good as that before.  Kate said it was because for women sex
was more sensual, and the nipples added to that effect.  I think it was because
I knew it would be one of the last.  
	The next morning I slept in.  I was afraid to get up because I knew
something would be different.  Eventually Kate coaxed me out of bed, and she
looked me over.  "I don't see anything" she said.  I did not believe it. I then
said "I wonder why noth..i..n...g...."  I then new what the change was.  I had
a woman's voice.  It was a nice voice, not one of those really high pitched
squeaky ones, or one of those scratchy pnes that I always dreaded in women, but
a sweet, soft, soothing voice.  The type that you just like listening to.  I
did.  I started saying miscelaneous things so I could hear myself talk, and it
was beautiful.  I loved it.  I would not trade this voice for any.  I got a
hard-on just listening to myself.  I then noticed something odd.  As I got this
last hard on, something else got hard to.  You guessed it, my nipples stood on
end like you would not believe, ok, well I didn't believe it anyway.  Kate
smiled and said "It's a very nice voice.  I wish my voice sounded even half as
good."  Kate sighed, and I realized that she actually had a pretty good voice
(not as nice as mine though) but she was to damn cold sounding. There was no
emotion in her voice, just statement of fact.
	I went and took my first shower with my new breasts (the previous day
I was to traumatized) and while washing, I wondered if women washed with soap
under their breasts.  I remembered my promise to myself not to feel myself
or any other such thing, and sat there wondering.  I decided that this was
hygiene and didn't count.  I brought the soap down along mmy chest, sort of
they currently were so small that there was nothing under them, because the
concealed nothing.  I decided to wash them, and began rubbing the soap over
them, until I hit a nipple, and began to get that nipple really clean if you
get my drift.  I quickly realized and stopped.  I decided that unless they were
really filthy with visable dirt, I would conveniently skip that part of the
body.  I then noticed that I had been singing in the shower, in order to keep
hearing my voice.  I promptly stopped, and I have managed to avoid excessive
talking and singing to hear my voice since then.
	Upon getting out I began to dress when Kate walked in and said "We're
going shopping."  "The hell I am!" I quickly countered, there was no way I was
going out in publlic until either the transformation was complete or it stopped
all together.  "Yes you are, we need to find you better bras.  I saw the way
that one looked on you and it was a tad large, and we only have two of those,
so we are going shopping, and this time I am going to have your bust there with
me."  I said "Ain't no way, I still got a dick remember? when was the last time
a guy had tits?"   "I have a small bust as well, we'll say it's for me, and
sneak you in."  "I said there is NO way you are getting me out of this place."
I countered.
	I was not wearing my bra, as we drove to the store, in hopes that my
bust would sag and be less noticeable.  No such luck they stuck straight out,
and if not for the sweatshirt I was wearing, I would have looked like a fool
because my nipples were on end the whole way over, as was my dick.  I don't
know why, maybe because my nipples were telling it that they were excited and
the dick wanted to see what the excitement was about.  
	We arrived at the store, and walked in confidently.  Kate looked almost
as nervous as I was.  We went to the women's department, and began looking
around.  I saw all he colored bras, and decided I wanted either black, blue or
white bras only.  I also told her no frills.  There would be 0 lace and they
would not be any matching lingerie sets or any bullshit of that nature.   Kate
went up o the woman at the fitting room and said, very seriously "I recently
had some liposuction done, and I think my breasts lot some as well in the
surgery, could my husband and I see some various size try-on bras?"  The woman
nodded but pointed out that I could not go in the fitting room with her, and
Kate rebutted "My husband comes, or we go to a different store."  Kate knows
what buttons to push, the woman let me past.  I tried on several sizes and
it came down to this bra that looked like it had no cup whatsoever.  Kate
called it a triple A bra, but that meant zero to me, because I knew nothing.
This bra seemed very snug and comfortable.   I realized she was right.  The
other one shifted to much.  We got a full wardrobe af brasierre's.  I got
like 5 of these sports bras, all white.  I got 7 black bras, 11 white ones,
and 4 blue ones.  She conned me into buying 1 red one as well, and was trying
for a pink jogbra, but that was where I drew the line.  I asked her why we were
getting so damn many of them since I had no intention of wearing them outside
the whorehouse.  "You never can tell when you will need extras" she responded
	You can guess what we were doing that night.  Yes it was sex again.
This time I was slightly prepared for the effect of the breasts, and unlike the
previous night, did not flop off on my chest.  When I woke up the next morning
I knew what had happened, before I even awoke.  I knew because I had not shaved
in two days, and I felt my face (because I bit my lip when I woke up) and it
was smooth as a baby's butt.  I assumed that this was all, but it was not to
be.  I was up before Kate this time, and decided to get ready as soon as I got
up.  I took my shower and avoided my breasts,  and went to get dressed.  That
was when I noticed.  As I put on my Metallica t-shirt, I realized that my
breasts were much larger.  They were no longer the barely noticeable ones I had
adjusted to, they were now about watermelon size, and were very noticeable.  I
raced to the mirror and looked at them.  They hung there looking at me,
taunting me with the realizeation that Kate and I had decided last night to
get my hair cut in a feminine fashion today.  Kate had made an appointment with
her hairstylist, who apparently is very good and trustable fellow.  I woke Kate
up and showed her the monstrosities.
	"They aren't all that big Chuck, by the way, we have to decide upon a
woman's name for you." she commented.  Aren't that big?  They were enourmous!
"Every woman either exaggerates or downplays her breasts, well every one that
I have been friends with, and I hate to admit that they were all a little
sensative." she explained.  We measured them and found that I now had very
average sized breasts.  Why did they look and feel so enourmous to me?
We ended up going to the haircut, and she almost got me to go and get new bras,
but I outsmarted her, saying that they might grow again.  
	That night a very improtant development took place.  We were making out
(yes again) and I was performing fairly well, but I was tiring earlier every
night.  Well this night I swore to myself that I would go at least 8 hours.
(hey, it's what I do!)  About at hour 4 I began to dizzy and get tired.
I prssed on anyway, and kept going despite exhaustion.  Kate had her third
orgasm in a row.  I rammed it in hard in a summoning of my strength, and
collapsed in exhaustion.  Kate continued to shout "Oh my GOD!  Oh, Oh, OH!"
An hour passes, and she is still screaming, in fact she seems hysterical.
I look over at her cunt and inserted in it, is my dick!  I proceeded to feint.
	I woke up the next mornign and raced the the bathroom.  I had not pissed
in almost a day.  I got there and remembered what had happened.  I looked
downward, and saw just my balls hanging there, with a scar where ol' faithful
had been.  I wen tback to Kate and saw it laying on top of her cunt, all 
shrivelled up and smaller than it had been on me since puberty.  This one hit
me hard.  I mean the breasts were an adjustment, and the facial hair and the
voice, I actually liked, but this, this hurt!  I slumped into the chair and
the signifigance of this whole thing hit me.  Before this it had been sort of
like some prank, some sort of cruel joke, but now...now it was serious.  I
did not have a cunt, or any urinary hole whatsoever.  I began to wonder how I
was going to take my piss that was already backed up.  I then realized that
last night had been my final performance.  That was it, it was over.  I
wandered over to the droor, and pulled out a small knife that the hookers use
if the men get to rough, and considered ending it.  I then realized that I 
could not commit suicide.  I was to strong willed, and suicide would be giving
up.  I wanted to end iut really badly, but I couldn't.  I dropped the knife.
I began to cry, and this time I did not care about the manliness, or machismo
of myself, because after all, I had just lost the most valuable thing in my
life to me.  I sat there depressed until Kate awoke.
	"Eeeeewwww!  Get it off me!" she said stiff with fear, but I could not
move.  I was to depressed.  In a year or two that might be me, reacting to
seeing a dick as if it were some alien monster.   Now I really could not commit
suicide.  Kate would stop me, but also I would not want her to see me pondering
it.  She realized I was not coming to her rescue and she gingerly lifted it off
her cunt and headed towards the wastebasket when I said "I want to bury it.  It
deserves a funeral."  She looked at me as if to say "Have you completely lost
your mind?"  I held out my hand and she put it in my palm.
	I did indeed end up burying it, but if you live in the city, you know
it's not easy to find non-public dirt that isn't covered with cement.   We
buryed it in a flower potter hanging outside the window on the third floor.
I began to moan and groan over my liquid consipation.  I sat alone in my room
with Kate holding and comforting me.  I decided to fuck it, and started
massaging one of my breasts.  It felt kinda good, but it wasn't as good as
slapping Old Faithful around.  I then asked Kate to leave me alone to my
depression for a while, and she left.  I stood up and walked over to the
mirror.  I gazed at myself, and began to derobe.  Stark naked, I looked at
myself, and say that my balls looked like they were hanging very low.  I
looked more c,osely and saw that they were hanging all the way down to my
knees!  I figured they were the next to go, and grabbed them and began to pull.
the snapped off fairly easily, but there was no pain involved, and still no
cunt.  I went ot the medicine cabinet, and got every one of the sleeping pills
and ingested them.  If I die, I die, if I live, at least I'll fall asleep and
won't be bothered by this pain.
	The next afternoon I woke up and the pain was worse.  I looked about me
and Kate was nowhere to be found, probably realizing that I m going through a
tough time and that the last thing I wanted was some stupid skirt hanging
around.  I then thought about what I had just thought.  'A stupid skirt'.
I had better refine my terminology, for I was almost a 'stupid skirt'.  I
cried for a while again, before I noticed that my breasts had grown yet again.
They were now really big, and were more than slightly noticeable, they were now
large enough to use as landmarks from the air.  I began playing with them,
hoping for some satisfaction, but got none, for the pain was to great.  Kate
then peeked her head in and gasped at the casaba melons now taking residence on
my chest.  She said "Wow, you have really great looking breasts.  Some women
get large knockers like that and they look ridiculous, but they look good on
you."  I noted how ironic it was to have a woman telling me that after I had
said that almost every night of my life up until this stupid caper.  She
sniffled a bit.  She looked depressed.  "What's wrong with you? Are you the one
with no way to piss? No, you have no worries!" I said very cruelly (hey I was
in a lot of pain!).  She cried and shouted "You're not even a complete woman
yet and you already have breasts 10 times bigger and lots more attractive than
I have had after 28 years!" She ran from the room.  
	I sat there and realized what an ass hole I had been, using my 20/20
hindsight.  I then grabbed the knife and walked into the bathroom.  I sat on
the toilet, and cut myself a cunt.  The piss flowed freely from my body.
To this day I do not know what possessed me to do that, there is no reason it
should have worked, but I guess instinct took over, and was right.  To this
day, I still have slight marks where my balls and dick were, though now they
are hardly noticeable.
	Over the next couple days, my body made adjustments and within a week I
was 100% female.  Well physically anyway.  I hate to brag, but I am now a very
attractive woman, the only thing about me that turns most men off (thank God)
is my hieght.  I am 6'1" (I shrunk a little for some reason) 149 lbs. and
have a 36 DD size bust, and 24 inch waist and 36 inch hips.  I reacted very
poorly to periods at first, but Kate got me through that crisis.  I had become
one of the most beautiful women at the house, and I grew my hair out, oh by the
way it changed colr on it's own.  I am now a strawberry blonde.  My cunt hair
matches perfectly, and as a woman I stayed a virgin, afraid of sex as a woman.
I do however walk around virtually naked at the house, and am responsible for
taking the men from the lobby to their intended room.  I also serve
refreshments/food at the house (it's not one of those crappy whorehouses).
I am very happy here, and the women are very supportive of me since I stopped
acting like an idiot with my 'I am not a woman' show.  I still don't wear
anything that is too feminine like pink stuff, or really lacey stuff, but hey,
at least I made progress, I finally started wearing dresses albeit long ones
that go down to the floor.  I only feel comfortable showing my wares as Kathy
(one of my friends at the house) at the house because everyone is expecting it. 
In public I feel like a slut unless I am wearing long dress or jeans, and a
conservative shirt.  
	Kate knew I was finally beginning to accept what happened to me by
ignoring the sexual urges I felt.  I rarely play with myself or any of that
stuff (which Kate predicted I'd be doing a lot of) and I have developed a fear.
I am afraid of men now.  I know what you are thinking, but my strength fell as
I becamse female.  I am no stronger than the average woman now, and I was never
a skill fighter, so I cannot defend myself anymore, and while the house is safe
enough when I am on the streets, I look at every man thinking 'will he hurt
me?'  I think had I not been used to being able defend myself as a man then it
would not be on my mind, but it is.  I recently went to the shore with kate and
some of the house girls, and got a nice golden brown tan.
	One day about a month after I fell into the vat, I was approached by
Kate.  "Remeber when you fell into the vat, remember what I told you would
happen?" she said.  "Yes" I said in my nice soothing voice "You said I would
become a woman, and I have, what are you doing? Saying I told you so?"   "No,
thatwas not what I said.  Remember what else I said?" she pressed.  I thought
for a while and then it hit me...She said I would become a deformed woman....
I asked her if this is what she meant, and she nodded saying it could kick in
any day now...

-- 
Mutations!, The (Series #3)


	I neglected to mention a few minor points.  First off was my name 
change.  Obviously 'Chuck' wasn't going to work in public, but privately
I wanted to make sure I never forgot myself, so I told them that publically
I would be Charlotte, but praivately I was still Chuck.  Also I did have to
obtain a new wardrobe, which I mentioned, but I never really got into it.
	It was a Saturday, our busiest day, so I was working away that night,
when I was finally relieved by Michelle.  Because of this I was more than
slightly tired...exhausted would be a better word!  I went back to my room
and layed down in bed, and Kate was, as was usual these days, up working on
replcaing her machine that got trashed.  Ok, let me specify, I was the one that
trashed it.  She worked so intensely she never even noticed me walk in.  The
two of us shared a bed, an activity that used to mean a lot of work, but no
longer.  I surprised her when I finally spoke saying "What do you think will
happen to me?"  Kate jumped a foot into the air.  "I really don't know, but
you can bet that some of them will be good, and some will be bad, like your
first transformation.  You say you love your new voice and the fact that you
don't have to shave your face everyday anymore, but you profess to despise,
like all women, the periods, and the lack of physical strength.   You gotta
take the good with the bad with the miserable."  she responded.
	"Do you think it will be painful? Like that stretch of constipation?
Or will it be pleasurable? Like when my nipples came in?" I queryed.  She
responded "How should I know?"  "It was your machine!" I shot back, noticing
that when I was on edge, my already sweet voice was even more provacative.
"Charlotte...er...Chuck, that is true, but as I have said before, I was not
done yet, and you're the one who jumped in!"  she parried back.  "Your
fucking cougar pushed me in!" I was starting to shout, when I remembered that
this was not technically true, but I never told her that.  I almost wanted her
to try to attack me physically, as she had done a week ago when I misplaced
her papers.  I would always win.  I was much taller than she, almost a foot
taller, and I was a good 20 pounds heavier, and I was healthier, while she
was as thin as a rail.  I had easily defeated her last time and was ready
to take my anger at my situation out on her again.  She began to cry.
	Normally, before this crap happened that is, I used to tease women
about their excessive emotional reactions, because I always knew I could get a
new woman at will, but now, now I was touched by her tears, and moved to
comfort her.  The two of us sat there holding each other all night, each
comforting and consoling the other.  I began to think about how my reactions
had changed like night and day since I became a woman, but I got depressed and
stopped and just held Kate and cried with her.  we had both gone through alot,
although I went through far more.
	I woke the next morning to find that Kate had disappeared.  I knew not
where, when, or why, but I trusted she would be fine.  I sat up and
yawned, and noticed that my breasts were very sore.  I could not understand
why.  I had even been sleeping on my back all week, since my large breasts
are also fairly sensative, making it unpleasurable to lay on my stomach.
I got into the bathroom and looked at them in the mirror, and they looked
fine, (I picked up the habit of examining myself every morning from the week
or so of transformations I had undergone) in fact they looked great.  I 
began wishing Kate was here, after all she was the only one who could give
me a good guess at what was going on.  I decided to take a shower.  I went
into the shower and did my usual bit, but my breasts started aching even more.
	When Kate finally returned the pain in my breasts had grown to being
intense enough that I had gone from the shower to the bed, without towelling
off, getting dressed or anything.  I laid there massaging my breasts trying to
soothe the pain, stark naked, and still wet.  Looking back I am sure it was
a hilarious scene for Kate, and I am sure any heterosexual man would have lept
upon me and took it as an invitation.  I just laid there moaning and writhing
in agony, as my breasts continued to hurt, and a sharp pain emerged in my
nipples themselves.  I remember Kate screaming I think.  I cannot be sure,
because I was not the most attentive person at the time.  The pain continued
for the rest of the day and most of the night.  When it finnally subsided Kate
was asleep elsewhere, and I was exhausted.  I went right to sleep.
	When I woke up it was around 1:00pm and Kate was at the desk writing
away, but was waiting for me, and turned to see me.  "I cleaned up" she said
as if trying to buy time to figure out how to tell me something.  "What
happened?" I moaned, having a fair but not uncommon headache.  "Ummmm, how
much do you know about childberth?" she said less than tactfully.  I thought
about my becoming pregnant, the fact that I had yet to have sex as a woman,
and I was able to keep from feinting, a habit I had picked up during this
fiasco.  "I know that you need to have a guy screw you, something that has not
happened!" I said going on the defensive.  "Don't over-react you arn't
pregnant" she said warding me off "But you just spewed breast milk all over
the bed last night.  I was trying to think of a less blunt way of saying it."
"So what does this mean?" I asked.  "Beats me!" She replied "Could mean you
are about to engage in asexual reproduction.  A better question though is why
was it painful, my mother always told me it was a pleasurable experience,
better than anything else anyone could do to their breasts."  
	The next day I woke up and felt great.  I don't mean like sexual high
or anything, but I just felt like I could take on the world.  I also felt
something I had not felt in a long time.  Horny.  I wasn't horny for
women this time, I wanted a man, really badly.  Can you believe it? Me?
I was the stud of the century, then I make a ciuple stupid mistakes, and
now I am a gorgeous horny bitch with milk spraying out of her tits!  Well
sorta anyway.  What would Bob say?  Bob!  I realized that I had not seen
my roomate and fromer best friend since that night in the hospital.  I decided
to go and visit him.
	"You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen!"  Yep, good old
Bob using his cliche lines.  The odd thing is I liked it.  I worked hard
on my appearance coming over here, and was glad he noticed.  I giggled just
like a little girl, but then said "Bob you can stop now, I am not interested
in sex, it's not why I came over here"  He looked aroused by my voice, and
even more so by my apparent playing hard to get.  I was wearing tight black
spandex pants, and a t-shirt with no bra underneath.  He invited me in and
I accepted.  
	"Bob, it's me Chuck." I said flatly.  I had been trying to think up an
eloquent way of saying it all afternoon, but when I tried to break it nicely it
just flopped.  He laughed at me.  "How did you know Chuck?  Oh!  Silly me you
are a beautiful woman so he must have hit on you, was that why you came over?"
He looked sad.  He probably looked that way because I had pretty much indicated
that I got more sex than he did, even withoiut trying.  The last thing I wanted
to do was to shoot down his ego, so I decided to play along with his sexual
fanstasy.  I subtely shifted my wieght to get my breasts to be more visible,
uncrossed my legs, and spread them wide.  "Oh, that's just adorable, you
let your dummy roomate think he's more attractive huh?  The only reason we
liked him is because we thought it gave us a better shot at you."  I smiled
so sweetly that he seemed to melt.  I then realized thta if I kept this up
he would take me upstairs and screw me.  I wanted out of here now!
	I tried to get up and leave, but he blocked my escape, and said "My
dear, you don't mean that do you?"  He looked like a lost puppy.  I figured
that if I said no I could get out no problem while his ego crashed, but if
I wanted to avoid hurting him, I could say yes.  If I did that though, I would
end up fucking him, and I remembered that Bob always bragged about how he 
would fool his dates into thinking that he was planning to use a condom, and
then slip it off in the middle of the act.  He felt safe because he always made
sure the women used their own birth control as well.  I shuddered, and said
"What do you think?"  A copout answer, please God let it work.  He looked sad
again and said "It's not huh? I thought so, let yourself out, I am gonna go
hang myself." and he ran upstairs before I could answer.  
	I ran upstairs after him and said in my most comanding voice "Bob, I
AM Chuck, remember that thing Katrina was building? It changed me into this!"
He looked me over and said "You know Chuck? Where is he?  Is he ok?"  I sighed.
This was not going to be easy!  I said "I am Chuck, your former roomate.  Go
ahead ask me anything!"  "You could be wired and have Chuck on the other side
telling you the answers, I am not falling for this.  More likely yet, you could
be some crackpot psychic looking for an easy buck!" he said.  I said "I COULD
be, but I'm not...hmmm ok, the wire thing." I knew this was a bad idea, but it
was my only idea.  I pulled my hands up and grabbed ahold of the bottom of my
t-shirt, and pulled it up over my head, and I stifled a giggle when I heard
Bob mutter under his breath "wow" as my large breasts fell into full view.
I dropped the shirt on the ground and remove my earrings, and put them on the
dresser.  I then bent over pulling my pants down and pulling off my shoes as
I bent over.  I stood up and he grabbed me, and forcefully threw me onto the
bed.  I shouted "No! Bob! Stop!"  It was to late, he had undone his pants and
slapped me as I tried to get up, knocking me back onto the bed.  I saw the
animal in his eyes, and I knew that if I didn't allow him to do whatever he
wished to me.  I was terrified.  i began screaming instinctively, and he
punched me for it.  He said "If you scream again, unless it's an orgasm,
I am going to kill you!"  I knew he meant it!  
	I figured my only chance was to convince him it was me.  I pleaded
with him that it was me, time and time again, but the animal he was now kept
slapping and punching me, I had no threshold for pain as a man, as a woman I
really couldn't take it.  I cried the entire time, and don't remember much else
about the night, I still don't.
	I awoke and Bob saw my eyes open, I recoiled from him and he said "I
am so sorry.  Last night I was drunk out the wazoo and was really horny, can
you ever forgive me?"  I slapped him, and then recoiled to protect my already
battered body.  I was in pain, all over my body.  I felt safe enough to inch my
way to the bathroom.  I saw my face, a bloody mess, and I am not British so
that bloody is not a mere comment.  I hurt all over when he walked in.  I
jumped backwards, and moved into a corner.  He was crying, but this time I
wasn't falling for it.  "G-g-g-g-g-g-get a-a-a-a-away f-f-from m-me!" I
stuttered.  I was cold, bruised, and very much felt like all those women
on the talk shows, telling about how it felt to be raped.  As a man I had been
praying to be raped, but as a woman, I felt, what was the word they used?
Violated.  I felt like there was nothing about me that was not public property
anymore.  I saw he was staring at my crotch, and I closed my legs and pleaded
"No, no more, please...I beg you..." I was crying up a STORM.
	"No it's not your cunt I was staring at, you have a tail!" he said.
I didn't care, I wasn't taking my eyes off him for 1 second.  He said "Ok,
look, I am not like that normally, geez.  Um, you said something last night
about Chuck?"  "N-n-n-n-n-n-n-no, I-I-I-I-I a-a-a-a-mmm Ch-ch-chuck." I
managed.  "That's right, you said that accident did this to you, right?"
he said.  I was beginning to be calmed down, by his calm voice, manner, and
most importantly, he looked like he was really sorry.  Also the fact that he
was changing the subject to me helped.  "Yes, Kate's, er..Katrina's machine
made me into this, and is still causing me to mutate, I have a tail???" I said
as what he had said finally hit me.  I turned around to look an sure enough,
hanging out of my butt, was a long skinny, but strong looking tail.  I think at
that point it was only 2 or 3 feet long, but it was destined to get longer.
I tried to control it, and it reacted like an additional limb.
	"Ok, you mentioned a test, and seeing that I justb raped you, I think
you deserve whatever you'd like from me.  Ok, ummmm...." He rambled "OK! the
night you brought home a Playboy centerfold, who was it and what issue was she
in?"  He couldn't be serious!  First off I couldn't believe he could talk to a
woman about my sexual exploits, I mean he didn't know if I was for real, or
some doped up crackhead!  Secondly I never owned any playboy magazines, he did,
I never knew what issue or year or whatever each one was from, and I had
brought home 7 different playboy centerfolds!  I decided that maybe a trick
question is what he was doing.  I said "What's this 'A' bullshit..I had 7 of
them, and I never owned a playboy in my life!"  "woah!" he said, backpeddling.
He was obviously expecting me to fail.
	"HeUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUuUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUuUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUuUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUu
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
UUUUUUUuUUUUUUUUU
Key KEYPAD( raped you???" Kate screamed.  "Yes, and that's why I am wondering
what pregnancy is like from a woman to woman perspective, I mean I heard about
morning sickness and all, but I also know there are certain things a woman
discusses only with another woman" I said calmly.  "How can you be so calm when
your ex-roomate raped you???" she persisted.  "You should have seen me the
morning after...I was less than calm then" I chuckled.  "Oh by the way, I have
a tail now." I said pulling the rear of my spandex down and pulling my tail
out.  Kate feinted.  I had never seen her feint, she always seemed to have such
a grip on what was going on.  I took care of her though, putting her on the bed
etc.
	The next morning when I woke up (I avoided waking Kate up, in fact I
stuck her with one of Michelle's trank darts to keep her asleep) I did my
usual bodily inspection and I found nothing.  Then I heard a crash in the other
room.  I raced in and asked what had happened.  Suzi was there and she shouted
at the top of her lungs "WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?  I AM SEWING AND HAVEN'T
DONE A THING!"  I was shocked, because she shouted, but she looked like she
didn't.  She reached down, picked up a pin on the floor, and it slipped from
her hands and hit the floor.  At the same moment I heard the crash again,
though louder this time.  I cupped my ears and said "Ow, how did you get that
needle to make a sound that loud?"  "WHAT ARE YOU NUTS? CHARLOTTE, I DID NOT
HEAR A THING!  ARE YOU GETTING INVOLVED WITH DRUGS? YOU KNOW MICHELLE WON'T
ALLOW YOU TO STAY IF YOU ARE!"  I then screamed for her to shut up at the top
of my lungs, trying to be heard above her.  It was odd considering that Suzi 
was usually one of the shy girls.  She called me Charlotte because she never
knew me as a man.
	I buried my head in the sheets of my bed, to avoid hearing the constant
tearing sound from Suzi's room.  As I have said I am very slow mentally, but
after awhile, even I can pick up on some things.  I realized my hearing had
been enhanced.  I heard Kate breathing, and it sounded like she was breathing
ina microphone and pumping it through speakers!   Kate moaned as she started
waking up and it sounded like a thunder clap.  Then my eyes felt a peircing
sensation in them, and I looked at the bed, and I could see straight through
it!  It was transparent, like colored glass!  I then noticed a sweatlike smell,
and assumed it was from KATE, and that my sense of smell had also grown.
I began to panic, when the sheets rubbing against my skin began to stimulate me
enough to almost make me go orgasmic!
	Over the months that followed, I went into trining and learned how to 
sit next to a huge kicker, and still not feel pain, and  I learned how to
seperarate the sounds and identify them.  I also learned much better control
over my skin.  The skin was the wierdest, sometimes the slightest touch would
make me feel like I was in the middle of sex, other times like you had broken a
bone.  I learned it was mood related, and managed to cope, though I still
sometimes cry out, just because the wind changed.
	My mutations had aparently stopped, or as Kate put it, slowed down due
to the pregnancy.  during the early months I actually had no problems with it,
but about month 5 it kicked in.

-- 
Pregnancy!, The (Series #4)


	In case you are not familiar with my predicament, it is a doozy.
I have gone from being a studly man, to a desperate man, to a half-man half-
woman thing, to a sexy super-model type woman, to a mildly deformed woman,
to a mildly deformed pregnant woman.  All in the space of 3 months (for the
transformations...actually it was 8 months ago, I am 5 months pregnant)
	I was having a very easy pregnancy, no morning sickness, no cramps,
no anything at all.  Well not no anything, remember that milk episode? Well
it repeats itself twice a month, but I can handle it now, although it pretty
much wipes out the day it hits.  With my super-sensative skin though, I scream
like a maniac.  Enough so that Michelle asked me and Kate to either begin to
fulfill a more active role in the house, or leave.  We left.
	The two of us are now  living with Bob, my old roomate.  Bob is
paying all expenses and rent, because, after all, he's the one who raped me.
Sounds wierd huh?  Ok I will undergo a full recap for those who missed the
earlier fun (Whee! NOT!).  I was once a manly, ignorant stud.  Me and my
roomate Bob moved into a new apartment, and I took a bet from Bob that I 
couldn't get Katrina to want to marry me by the end of the semester.  I
tried, and failed.  Before halfway through the semester I got knocked into
a vat of chemicals connected to a funky mutation machine (hey if you want more
details read the earlier ones) and beecame paralyzed, only to heal and
transform slowly into a woman.  I then slowly mutated into what I am now, and
got raped by my former roomate who is now the landlord sorta.  Neat huh?
Imagine living it!  My former name was Chuck, I am now known as Charlotte.
	I woke up and was wracked with pain.  I don't mean I hurt a little,
I was in PAIN!  I let out a bettery of ear-splitting screams.  I hurt from head
to toe, to tail (yes I have a tail).  The pain centered on my cunt.  I began
rubbing it in the vain hope it would stop, but to no avail.  I did not even
feel the usual pleasure that fingering myself brings.  I began to wonder if
this was it.  Nah, impossible it's only been 5 months, but then I remeber that
I had gone from male to female in less than a month, and I screamed all the
louder, and wondered where Kate and Bob were.  I then actually bothered to open
my tear filled eyes and realized that they were already here.  The pain
continued, and despite various pain-killers, and sedatives that Bob and Kate
shot into me liberally, I kept screaming.  It continued the day after, and
kept going.  It never stopped.  I ate in bed, and had to muster all my
willpower to focus past the pain enough to eat, and I got hungry fast.  I
recall Bob and Kate telling me later that I was going through 7 or 8 full size
meals a day.  It kept going for a looong time.  I know now that it lasted 3 and
a half months, but then it seemed forever. Hours seemed like years, so you
can guess what those 3 and a half months felt like.  During that time what was
happening to my body was amazing.  I had been 5 months pregnant, but I appeared
like I was not pregnant at all, but in those 3 and a half months I went from
that to having my abdomen swelled up to a size that was amazing.  Let me
be more vivid.  Where my uterus bulge started was right below my breasts, in
fact they laid atop it.  It extended out approxamately 4 feet.  A tad larger
than average eh?  Well th lucky day hit, when the pain stopped.  I was
thankful, and slept like a baby for two days straight, when I woke up and
instinctively knew, it was time.  I shouted for Kate and Bob to take me to the
hospital, and that they had a good amount of time, so don't rush.  They did
not listen.  They ran around panic stricken, but for some reason, I knew there
was nothing to worry about.
	They grabbed everything I owned, and a couple things I didn't, smashed
them into a suitcase and shoved me into our car.  We were at the hospital in
record time, and one lucky cop wrote the city's biggest ever speeding ticket.
I laid on the bed waiting calmly for the doctor, while Kate was by my side
chanting her support, telling me that I shouldn't have vetoed lamaz classes.
I am a deformed mutant woman! What would lamaz prepar me for? What it was
"Supposed" to be like?   Nothing with my life was like it was supposed to be
ever since I took that bet!
	The doctor came in and saw my tail and I think he damn near almost
threw up.  I said in my sexiest voice "Doctor, don't worry about the
tail...worry about me and my spread legs."  It had the desired effect.  It got
him psyched up and able to face mutant childberth.  He asked me to sign a
disclaimer about if the child was deformed, I waived lawsuit rights.  I laughed
while signing said that if it wasn't deforemed, that I would pay extra.
	I decided that it was time, and the contractions started promptly.
I'll bet lotsa women would love to be able to do that, but I don't know
HOW I did it, just that I did.   I was in labor for 4 minutes before the first
child popped it's head out of my cunt.  Yes I said first.  That day I gave
birth to 13 little baby girls.  13 girls folks!  Each one was about as 
different as 13 baby girls could be.  Some were bigger, some looked like they
already knew all there was to know, they all were so unique, even at the moment
of birth.  Some were even black, and Bob and I are both white...how do you
suppose that got pulled off?  All the children had enogh of a hint at hair on
their heads, to tell what color it was going to be.
  	My first born I named Katherine Shannon, and she had red hair, and was
one of the larger ones.  She was the toughest to get out though  she wasn't
the largest.  At birth she already had breasts!
	#2 was a blonde, and looked like she knew what was going on.  She was
a bit spooky, I thought, and I named her Samantha Mercedes.  She was the first
to cry.
	Third on the hit parade was another blonde, this time though a big one,
and she already had a very curvaceous body!  I named her Candace Angela.
	Felicia Carolyn was fourth, and she came from the womb, and lept into
the air and crawled up me for a cuddle.  I figured she was the next Olympic
Gymnast.  She was the first brunette.
	Jaqueline Ingrid was next.  I know Ingrid sounds like one of those
middle names that makes a child hide it forever, but I was naming her after
my Aunt Ingrid who I respected alot.  She was the first of the children to
say something other than crying.  She said "Gaaaaa!"  Original it wasn't, but
right out of the womb, it was a welcome change.  She had light brown looking
hair.
	Next was Kelly Linda, she had deep brown hair, and was the smallest of
the group.  She was also the only one of them that, other than her shortness,
looked normal, all the others, had something.
	A strawberry blonde came out next, and I was more than slightly happy
that she had the same hair color as I did, but when she began to float around
the room as if wieghtless, I flipped!  I decided to name her Cynthia Rose.
	The first of the black girls came seventh, and she had pitch black
hair, and the lighter black skin, but still very much negro.  I figured
Tracy Shannon wouyld be a good name.  
	Diane Deborah was the name of my eigth girl, the second black, but
Diane had blonde hair, while being slightly lighter skinned than her other
sibling.
	Nicolette Brianna was what I named my ninth child.  She had green hair.
Yes green.  I was taken abck as well!
	Christina Wendy was what I named #10, and she had the cutest blend of
red and brunette hair.
	Rachel Melissa was what I decided to name my blonde haired 11th child,
she stunned me by coming out and exploding in flames.   I began to think that
life was about to get wierd.
	My 12th child I was running out of good names, and decided that
Monica sounded good for a first name, but couldn;t think of anything to back it
up, so I threw in Evelyn.  She had red hair.
	The thirteenth and final baby had Brown hair, and I named her Victoria
Elizabeth.
	I had lived through chilcberth, but for some reason, I felt like
leaving my children.  I could not get over the feeling that it was time to move
on.  I made up my mind to leave, but I would at least stay for a little longer.
	After a week or two at home, I realized that my life no longer had
mexcitement.  I was settling down, and unless I wanted to become some dingy
old grandma, I would have to abandon the children.  I decided Kate and Bob
were capable of seeing to their development, and wen to my room to pack.
	While packing I heard a soft *bAmF* noise behind me.  I swirreled
around ready to defend myself with my tail (I had lifted boxes that Bob could
not with it), when I saw her.  She was gorgeous, but I was of course,
uninterested.  "Qapla sieve dorn teuxople vaught hercle." she said.  "Huh?"
I responded flatly.  "Torques..." she said raising a hand, motioning me to be
patient.  She took out a small mechanical item and placed it in my ear, then
she took out another and gave it to me.  "Swallow it." she said.  "You speak
english!" I said preparing to down the device.  "No I don't"  she stated "I
speak Grungarish, but that device fools your simple mind into believing that I
do.  I am kidding about the simple bit, don't take offense."  I didn't, and
she proceeded to explain that my next mutation would kill me, and that it would
be my lungs becoming water breathers only, but I would still be a rotten
swimmer (hey I don't go to the beach to swim!).  Therefore I would be unnable
to defend against sharks and their like.
	She then offered for me to come to the "Targian Moon Base" and get
restored to my manly self.  I accepted without hesitation.  She said "If you do
though, you cannot come back here for 5 years."  "Why?" I inquired.  "Wierd
Targian law, but it is recognized by the council, and if you break it then they
will break you." she explained.  I accepted quickly and she took me aboard her
ship, and I gasped at how beautiful it was.  It was made out of some sort of
crystaline diamond type stuff, and was absolutely incredible!  "Set course to
Targ's 5th moon area." She commanded, and we were off.

-- 
Restoration!, The (Series #5)


	We were en route to Targ, and I was very eager to be restored to
my full manly self.  I was so eager, that I failed to realize (until now that
is...this 20/20 hindsight is getting annoying) hiw sexy my hostess was.  She
had told me her name was Grethiyia.  She told me to just call her Yia.  I
started to look her over, but was not interested in the least.  After all I
was operating with women's hormones.
	She was really tall, at least 6'7" and she was very curvy, but despite
my sex, I decided to say "You're very attractive, or at least you would be were
I still male."  She giggled, and her friend at the helm almost fell on the
floor laughing.  "Um, please, try not to think of me in a sexual way unless you
are interested in me right now.  You see I look female to you, but I am a guy."
she/he said.  I almost fainted again.  I said "No way!"  He then spread his
legs very casually, and pulled down his pants.  Sure enough there was a dick
there, limp at the moment, but it was there.  It was smaller than most newborn
baby's dicks, and I almost giggled.  He said "When I get excited, it can get
two or three feet long." He then put it away.  I thought about a 3 foot long
dick and I caught myself stroking my breasts with my left hand and my cunt with
my right.  I figured, 'hey IT's an alien!'
	We arrived at our destination and deboarded.  I was eager to get this
over with because I had almost made a homosexual comment on the ship there.  I
wanted my masculinity back fast!  I folloed her...damnit...him to a machine
on the other side of the complex.  He said "Ok, this is the machine.  It can
alter your physical and mental state however you'd like."  Mental state?
I asked "Could it possibly eliminate my memory of havong been female?  I mean I
do not want to know squat about women.  The less I remember about women, the
better!"  Remember when I said I was kind of dumb back then?  Well this was a
prime example.  I meant I wanted to return to my mental state of not respecting
women, and being a sex fiend.  I worded it fairly poorly don't you think?
He said ok, and said he would put me on earth afterwards, because I was not
going to fall under the boundries of the law that made him tell me that I would
have to stay in space for like 5 years.  I was happy.  They said I would wake
up in my bed, no problem.
	I woke up the next morning, and new somehing was different, I just
could not put my finger on what it was.  I got up and went down the hall.  I
turned into Kate's room.  Now let me tell you what wen through my mind as I
entered.  Kate was there sleeping, she had her white silk nightgown on, and I
turned in and thought 'Oh, there's Bob..Why is Bob wearing that, that, what is
that? '  I moved in closer and Kate moaned softly.  I thought 'Oh my god,
Bob'ss voice has returned to that of a young boy.'  I peered at her, and
noticed her breasts, and thought 'His chest has swelled up...He must have
gotten some sort of nasty injury there cus they swelled alot.'  I went over
to Kate and noticed her, how do I put this..her lack of a masculine crotch.  I
woke Kate up shouting "Bob!  Bob!  You dick is gone!  Bob!"  Kate woke up
quickly, Identified me back in my male form, and grabbed me, hugged me and gave
me a deep kiss.  I paniced.  Now, I knew nothing about women, but my knowledge
of homsexuality was not diminished, and although I did not know what normal was
(you cannot know anything about normal sex without knowing something about
women) I knew Bob should not be kissing me.  I recoiled and said "Bob you
faggot!"  "No, it's me Kate!" Kate said.  I looked at her face, and I realized
that it wasn't Bob that was going wierd.  'Ohmigosh!   It's some sort of
demon!' I thought.  I leapt at Kate and tried to strangle her.  I was almost
done killing her, when Bob came in in the nick of time and pulled me off.  Bob
was about to punch me when he recognized who I was. 
	An hour had passed since the bedroom incident, and I was alone with Bob
in the kitchen.  I had demanded that the "demon" stay out of the room.  I told
Bob what I remembered, I went to sleep the day after we had moved in, and the
next morning some demon was in my bed.  He told me that me and the demon were
lovers.  I was shaky on the term love, it had been made vague by the treatment,
but not completely wiped out as some topics were.  Bob and I talked for hours
as he tried to explain the concept of a woman to me.  I didn't get it, as I
said I was a slow one.  I eventually accepted the fact that she wasn't the
antichrist, and allowed Kate into the room.
	Kate and I spoke for a while, just little chit chat, then we got into
the wierd conversation.  "So what exactly are you 'Kate'?"  I asked.  "A
woman." she answered.  "What's that?" I inquired.  "Um, I am just like you in
every way, except instead of having a dick like you do, I have a vagina.  You
see when we have sex, you put your dick inside my cunt, er..that's the same
thing as a vagina, and it feels really good for both of us.  Then sperm comes
out of your dick, and goes into my cunt.  That makes me pregnant, and I have a
baby 9 months later.  Understand?" she explained.  I didn't.  I asked "Are
those lumps on you chest your cunt?" I asked.  She giggled and said "No silly
they are my breasts.  My cunt is between my legs like you dick is."  I was more
confused.  "So um, if you don't have a dick...how do you take a piss?" I asked
in an unrelated question.  "It comes out of my vagina." she said.  I then
asked "So, you have me stick my dick into you cud and you get pregnate and
that's where little boys come from?"  "That's cuNT and pregnANT, and I give
birth to little boys or little girls." she answered.  I was lost.  "How do
you give birth?" I asked.  She sighed, and answered "Well, when you put your
dick inside me, your sperm comes out and goes around inside my uterus, and
fertilizes my eggs and then a baby starts to grow inside of my womb, and after
nine months of growing, my body decides that it's time, and I go into labor.
Then after, oh I don't know, maybe 8 or 9 hours of labor I have a child.  Labor
is very painful.  "Where do you put the child while it is growing in your
woom?" I asked.  She sighed again, but I ignored her, genuinely curious about
this new creature I had met.
	"It grows inside me.  My stomach gets really big as it grows, and I get
morning sickness and all that good stuff, and then it comes out through my
vagina, understand?" she said hopelessly.  "I think so, let me check.  Ok, you
are a woman, and instead of a dick you have all sorts of wierd organs that let
you have morning sickness for nine months and labor at the end of that, whenerv
I put my dick inside of you. Right?" I verified.  "Well, oh forget it, close
enough!"  she surrendered.  "can you explain some other things?" I asked.
"Sure, I suppose." she said tired of this crap.  "Why do I feel so wierd when I
look at you?" I asked.  I was feeling very horny.  She smiled, got up and came
over to me and asked "What is it that you are feeling Chuck?"  "My dick is
growing, and I feel like I want to, to, to grab you or something." I explained.
She smiled ear to ear.  She said "Tell me if you feel more of it, I want to do
something."  She stood up and slowly began to unbutton her blouse, and my dick
startd to throb with anticipation.  She opened her blouse and I saw some sort
of white thing with lace all over it supporting two lumps of flesh.  I could
not control myself any longer.  I reached out and felt her lumps and said "What
are these?"  "Those are my breasts, silly.  Do you want to play with them?" she
asked as she sat back down.  I never answered, but began thrustng my hands
around while holding them and Kate said "Ouch, not so rough ok? They are really
sensative, here, let me take my bra off so you can..."   She had removed her
bra and I saw her nipples grow and point at me.  I began to fidget with them,
gyrating my thumbs about them.  I forced my hands up violently again, and Kate
responded again with "Ow, stop being so rough, I can see this is going to be a
long night!"
	She stood up again, eager to divert my attention from her breasts that
I was blatantly abusing.  She unsnapped her jeans, and slowly slid the zipper
down.  She spread the flaps of the jeans, and revealed that she was wearing
some kind of pink undershorts.   'Pink?' I thought 'What a dipstick this guy
is!  God I'm glad I am not a wooman!'  I look back on this and appreciate the
irony to it's fullest.  I said "Pink? You're wearing pink undershorts?" I
snickered, it was funnier than my drive to explore this thing called Kate.
	She zippered up her shorts and put her blouse back on.  "I thought you
were wierd when I saw the frills on that shirt of yours, and the wierd things
attached to your body, and your miscolored face, but pink underwear??? That
takes the cake! wait till I tell Bob!" I began laughing hysterically.  Kate
ran from the room crying.  "God what a wimp that Kate thing is.  She cried over
that, so I was a little rough on her lumps.  Big deal!  It's not like she
wasn't asking for it wearing pink underwear!" I thought.  
	Bob finally returned from his "errand" that came up as soon as Kate had
walked in the room hours earlier.  I said "Bob, come here.  You'll never
believe this! It's hilarious!"  I explained my misconceptions about the pink
underwear and the make-up, and her body.  "You idiot.  Women are like that!
they like soft colors, and they wear make-up to look sexier, and they like all
that frilly stuff.  That was perfectly normal for a woman, and you almost got
laid!" he said angrily.  "What's 'laid' mean Bob?  I know what laid means, I
mean why did you use it in that sentence, no one lays me out.  Are you saying
this Kate thing was trying to lull me so she could pop me in the mouth?" I
concluded.  I immediately began walking to where I had seen the Kate thing go.
Bob stopped me and said "You don't understand.  Laid the way I used it means
fucked, had intercourse...get it yet?"  "What the hell is this sex thing?
Kate mentioned it also." I responded.  He sighed and told me to sit down.
	"Ok, sex is a very pleasurable thing where the man, you in this case.."
he said and then muttered under his breath "and in most cases"  "...sees the
woman, Kate, and if he thinks she looks really nice, or sexy, he starts to get
excited.  When he gets excited his dick gets really big and hard and
sensative..you with me so far?" he continued.  "Yes." I said.  "Ok, then he
courts the woman.  That means that he trys to get her to like him, alot.  He
does thing slike taking her out to restaurants, and going places with her all
the time.  Its supposed to show that you are dedicated to her."  "All this
cus you got excited once?  Seems iffy Bob." i interupted.  He ignored me and
said "Anyway, one day the man and woman will be in a particular mood that gets
them both excited really easily.  It's called being horny.  The man and woman
then decide to have sex.  Having sex is called intercourse, or fucking.  Some
call it making love.  When you fuck, you take your hard dick, and put it inside
the woman's vagina, don't ask yet, I'll get to that later.  When you put your
dick inside her vagina, it feels really good.  I mean it is one of the best
feelings around, and you will feel good for a long time.  She also feels..."
I interupted him.  "Why do you and Kate keep using this word 'she'? what does
it mean?"  He sighed and said "It is like 'him' but instead of referring to a
man, like us, it refers to a woman, like Kate.  May I continue? Thank you. 
While you and she are fucking, and feeling really good, Your dick begins to
release a really sticky liquid into her cu..er..vagina.  That sticky stuff is
called sperm.  It swims through her body and tracks down these really small
eggs below her stomach area.  They begin to try to get inside the egg, and when
one finally does, the two begin a process that will make a baby grow in her
womb, which is below her stomach.  While the baby grows, her stomach get really
big, and she eventually has to squeeze a baby about the size of a small
basketball through a ten-inch hole.  you see the 10-inch hole is her vagina,
which expands to allow the baby to pass, but it is still small enough so that
it's very painful and hard work for the woman, who at this point has become the
mother.
	"Now on to the anatomy differences," he said. "first we'll start with
the head.  You probably saw that she has long hair.  Most women like having
long hair.  You know how we guys usually have short hair, well they usually
have long hair, and actually hers is very short for most women."  I stopped him
there.  "Wait.  There are more of them?" I asked nervously.  "of course there
are, in fact there are more of them than there are of us.  Don't worry they are 
not going to blow the world up or anything.  Now, women are more sensative
emotionally than we are, Chuck, so they hug people alot, and kiss guys and get
us thinking they like us, when it was just a thnk you or something.  They also
are more exhibitionist than we are.  You saw how tight Kate's jean's were?
well, women will wear bathing suits that just cover their vagina's barely, and 
fit around their chests to cover their nipples.  They are called bikinis.
But back to the importnt stuff, you saw that Kate's chest was swelled up right?
Well that's normal, in fact, her chest is a lot smaller than most women.  These
things are called breasts, and they are used to feed young baby's before they
can eat solid food.  Well, most women's breasts are a lot bigger than Kate's
and some have knockers like this.."  He made a gesture about his chest,
signifying an invisible pair of items that were each approxamately canteloupe
size.  I shuddered.  He said "It's great when they are big like that, it makes
them look really attractive, which makes you all the more excited, get it?"
I nodded, lying.
	He proceeded "Ok, a woman had just a small little slit between her
legs, and doesn't have any balls, dick or anything like that.  We call this a
vagina.  Men will usually call it a cunt, or pussy.  Women will not like you
referring to it as such ok?"  "But Kate called it a cunt when she tried to
explain it." I confessed.  He looked surprised.  "Hmmm, I thought women hated
that.  Of course, kate is a little wierd as women go, so maybe it's just her.
Anyway, this thing is fairly small and covered with hair, and inside it is
where all the baby-making stuff is.  It's also how they take a piss.  Ok,
that's all I can think of...ny questions?" he said.  I did not say anything,
the last thing I needed was to be confused some more.  I decided that if they
were superly emotional as Bob had said, then I should apologize to kate so that
she didn't come in one night and kill me.
	"Kate?  Woman, Kate whatever the hell you are?  I want to apologize for
being so mean to you, and I want you to help me learn more about women, cus Bob
explained it, but he isn't one like you are.  I want to know more about these
Kate things." I said knocking.  Kate opened the door and said "We are women,
not Kates.  Kate is MY name.  Like yours is Chuck."  She was wearing a long
pink thing that was open at the bottom like her thing she was wearing last
night, except it was cotton not silk.  I assumed that women liked to have these
things so if they had a baby unexpectedly they didn't have to take off their
jeans.  Boy as I stupid.  She also wore a different blouse, and a vest that was
buttoned up all the wat.  She invited me in, and I saw that her room was filled
with pink colored things, and I supressed laughter again.  "Chuck, when you
told me I was stupid it hurt me a lot.  I really never realized how much I
loved you before.  I don't want to lose you again ok?"  she said sniffling back
her tears.  "Lose me?" I asked.  "Nevermind...wait till you have a good grasp
on the male/female thing ok?" she said giggling.  I nodded, and she said "What
don't you understand?"  "Well I have never seen this cunt vagina thign before,
and I was wondering about it.  I also wanted to know what breasts felt like
on the person wearing them, and what does a cunt feel like, I mean, Bob
described it as a cut in your crotch.  That sounds like it hurts.  Oh and.."
"Woah!" she interupted "lets go 1 at a time ok?  Breasts.  What do they feel
like..hmmm...Well you always feel them sitting proudly upon your chest, and the
nipples are fairly sensative, and they feel good I guess, I cannot describe it
becasuse I cannot remember what it feels like not to have them, and I am not
'wearing' them.  They are part of my body, like an arm, or your dick.  They
don't come off silly."
	"My cunt...hmmm..well, you really don't feel anything, actually unless
something hits the little thing in it that makes sex nice.  Um, it feels like
it wasn;t there.  I don't know how to explain it to someone who doesn't have
it...I have never had balls, so I cannot compare it..I can't exlain, corry
Chuck."  She smiled.  "That brings us to what does it look like.  Do you want
to see it, prod it, and put your dick in it?  I want you Chuck.  I want you
inside me, take me."  I needed no more inspiration.  Instinct took over as I
grabbed her vest and frantically began popping buttons off it.  I was at my
birthday, and this present was over wrapped!  I eventually got her clothes off
her and mine off me.  We dropped onto the bed, and I felt something.  No not
that, a spark of recollection.  I let instinct take over, and I began to fuck
it, and I felt like I had been here before.  Like I knew women, even though
before this morning, I had never seen any of them.  
	Anyway, that's about how it went, and we basically just went in and out
until morning, when both of us collapsed.  That's when the cries came from the
other room.  We rushed in and I saw all 13 of my children, and when they
finally got me to understand what was going on, I almost fainted.  The children
had grown almost two years in size, in two weeks.  I learned more and more
about women, and that prompted me to think "This woman thing looks like a good
rap.  They get married and sit home goofing off while the men go out and work. 
Then when the men come home they get screwed for making dinner.  I liked it.
I decided to get a sex change operation.  I decided I would surprise them, and
took my money and things and snuck out late that night.

This has been the 5th in the series.  stay tuned for 
Series #6 The Operation!

the others were
Series #1 The Mistakes!
Series #2 The Transformation!
Series #3 The Deformation!
Series #4 The Pregnancy!
Series #5 The Restoration!  (this one)
-- 
