		    TRAPPED IN THE HIGH RISE


After weeks of cleaning toilets and floors in half the buildings in the 
Loop, Debbie Collins finally was assigned the prestigious North
Michigan Avenue building she wanted.

Several weeks earlier, she had taken a part time night job at a large
custodial  company.  She, of course, was not a cleaning woman,
but a high powered advertising agent on her way up.  She was
determined to get into her main competitors offices to see what
they were up to and this was a good as way as any.  Working days
at her own ad agency and the nightly custodial work, were wearing
her to a frazzle.

But, now, she was IN!!.......and she wasted no time!  The first
private office she entered was small, but my god, files were left  
open  on the desk and the computer was still on!  Somebody's
security sucked, she thought!

Her heart thumped in her chest as she started making copies of
everything she could find......including making disc duplicates.
She was alone on the deserted 6th floor, but every noise startled her.

After 15 minutes of diligent copying, she was deeply engrossed
in her industrial espionage, and did not hear the footsteps.

The man stood for several minutes at the office door watching her.

	"WHAT! are you doing in my office?"  he shouted the first
					     word.


Debbie jumped with fright!  Files and discs crashed to the floor.

	"Just......just cleaning.....AND YOU SCARED THE
	HELL OUT OF ME!" she answered and shouted, figuring
	maybe a good defence would be a good offence!

	"BULLSHIT!  I've been watching you for five minutes!
	the man answered, still standing in the only door way.

Debbie looked at him.  Jesus! A Nick Nolte!  Big, dishevelved
blonde hair, white  shirt sleeves rolled up, no tie, suspenders.

	"Wait just a minute!  I KNOW YOU!" he stated.
	"I mean, I don't know you personally, but you work for......
	.......YES!......Baxter and Ames!"

"NO!......I don't!" Debbie replied.  "I work for Chicago Custodial
Services," she emphatically added.

	"Well.....that maybe so, but you also work for Baxter.....
	........I remember the red hair!" he argued back.  "YOU'RE
	A GODAMN SPY!" he shouted.

Debbie was trapped.  He knew her all right.  He even described a
dark green two piece suit  she wore at an ad luncheon.  She would
think of it later as to how he had noticed such details, but not now.

He grabbed her purse and pulled out her wallet.  She did not
protest.  He pulled out her driver's license and placed it in the
copy machine......set to "Enlarge".

He held up the paper.

	"Well Miss Debbie Collins, of 1640 N. Damen, what
	do you think will happen when this gets out?" he
	asked, still standing between her and the door.

	No answer.

	"First, the custodial firm will lose our account and
	maybe 30-40 people their jobs.  And you will probably
	lose yours, and be black listed by every legitimate
	agency in the city and state.  And, oh yes, an arrest
	record.  Probably probation, but my boss would push
	for the maximum.....1-3 years, I would think," he fired
	the consequences at her.

Debbie started to plead.  Plead for the lost jobs of the cleaners and
her own skin.  Offering all sorts of promises for his silence.

	"Tell you what, Debbie," he started to say, "you are going
	to sit down and write out a confession right on this paper
	with the copy of your license and photo, and that you will
	also write out in your own hand, that you will
	submit to the punishment I will inflict, which will include,
	but not be limited to, a bare bottom spanking!  Maybe
	THAT will teach you to play fair and respect the rights of
	others!"  he  finished.

Debbie was stunned!  She was 34 years old and had not been
spanked in over 20 years!  Her mind raced.  THERE WAS NO
WAY OUT OF THIS!  She HAD to do it.  A spanking and it was
over.  How bad could it be?  This was a sophisticated man, not
some mugger!

	"OK.......a spanking, and this is all over?  You'll not
	bring any charges?" she asked.

	"That's right.  Your choice.  You have 5 seconds to
	make up your mind." he answered.

"I agree," Debbie answered and started to write out the confession
	   and the particulars as the man dictated the words to her.

When she  finished, the man took the paper and read over it, folded
it, and placed it in his pocket.

	"GOOD!  Now take off all your clothes." he stated so calmly!

(OH GOD!) Debbie thought, this is going to be TERRIBLE! Her
eyes teared and nose sniffled as she started undressing.  First, the
custodian smock, then her blouse, slacks, shoes and socks.
She turned from him and removed her bra, then as fast as she could,
pulled down and stepped out of the panties!  She was naked.
A figure that would be considered "very good" by most anyone.

He barely glanced at her and said: "OK, let's go," and stepped out
of the door way.

	"Where?" Debbie asked, gulping at the same time, while
			 moving towards the door.

When she was outside his office, he locked the door!  Her heart
was thumping with fear and anticipation!  Her vulnerability
of having her clothes locked away terrified her!

With a bow, and a cavalier wave of his arm, 
he said, "apres vous" as he motioned
for her to lead the way down the hallway!

The hallway floor was polished terrazzo, and it was icy under her
bare feet.  She felt her nipples erect in protest to the cold.  She
started to walk down the hallway in the direction the man pointed.

"All the way down," he said.

To Debbie, the hallway looked a mile long!   He was a few paces
behind her.  She dared not look back at him.  She KNEW what
he was watching!  She tried to walk "dignified"!  Her body was
betraying her.  She could feel droplets under her arms, squirts of
arousal in her groin,  the pressure on her bladder, stomach growling,
 all the while her feet slapping against the cold stone.

She was acutely aware of the movement of her bottom, as the cheeks
moved and jiggled with each step.  NEVER, had she felt so
embarrassed and exposed!  What if someone comes by!!!

Finally, the reached the end of the hallway and they stopped.  He
pushed the button and the elevator doors opened.  The same
polite hand jesture told her to enter first.  The doors closed and
he used his key to access the 45th floor.

	"Stand with your face in the corner and don't make a
	sound," he instructed her.

With a kind of weird relief, she turned her back to him and stood
as told, feeling ridiculous.    He was  humming to himself as the
elevator raced upward!

				"PING!"

The floor bell startled her and she felt the assent slow and the
doors open.

	"AH, Senor Ted!  You are working........late.........again?"
	the cleaning lady said, her cheerful greeting turning to
	belwilderment as she saw Debbie's bare assed and
	motionless form!

Ted pulled the cleaning cart inside the elevator and the lady followed.

	"Yes, Maria, you know how it is," he smiled, "what
	floor?"

	"Tweenty-seben, came the accented reply, as she looked
	up and down Debbie's ass and again at Ted as the doors
	closed and the elevator silently began its climb.

Debbie closed her eyes.  She could not BELIEVE this was happening!


	"Don't worry, Maria," he said, "I'm just taking this bad
	girl upstairs for a well deserved spanking."

Marie replied "I see" but really did not.  Debbie  cringed!

	"Her bottom looks nice for a spanking, don't you
	  think, Maria?" he asked the woman.

	"Si, Senor, I tink so," Maria blushed.

They reached the 27th floor, and Maria and the cart exited.  She
bid good evening to "Mr. Ted", ignoring Debbie completely.
Giggling as the doors closed once again.

In seconds they were at the 45th floor, ears ringing.

	"OK, OUT!  Turn right and walk straight ahead,"
	Ted ordered Debbie.

Again, her bare feet slapped against the cold floor as Ted followed.

	"Stop right there," he said after about 30 paces.

He moved around her, unlocked the door, and  ushered her inside.
Then relocked the door.  They were in the executive fitness center!

	"OK, spy, time for your workout!  Get on the treadmill!"
	Ted ordered!

	"You said a spanking!  What the HELL is this all about??!!"
	Debbie screamed back!

	"AND THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT YOU"RE GOING
	TO GET!    NOW....YOU WATCH YOU'RE TONGUE
	OR SO HELP ME GOD, YOU'LL REGRET IT!  GET
	ON THAT TREADMILL........NOW!" he yelled.

Debbie did not like the way the veins popped out against his neck
and did as she was told.  She grabbed the hand rail and waited.
He turned the machine on and she was forced to walk.....nude!!!
My GOD! This was humiliating!

Ted stood at her left side and with his open hand, started slapping
her ass!!!  Her legs kept  moving and he kept slapping!  Up and
down each cheek and the backs of her thighs!  It stung like hell!

He increased the speed of the machine and Debbie walked faster
to keep up.  Ted was measuring his swats, pausing 2 or 3 seconds
between each one.  Again, he increased the speed.  Debbie was
walking fast....almost as fast as she could!  Her  cheeks rose and
fell, and rubbed against each other as the firm hand continued to
slap and slap and slap!

She was breathing hard and her breasts were heaving and bouncing
from the forced march and the punctuating smacks to her  bottom.
She did not know how  long she could take this!  Her knuckles
were white from gripping the bar, and the stings of the slaps were
exploding in her brain........and in her groin!!

As a diversion, he slid his hand between her walking legs, thumb up
pressing against her bottom hole, and his index finger sliding
along her sex.  With her eyes closed and head down, Debbie "walked"
against the friction of the hand.

He went to the other side and slapped her ass at least twenty more
times.  Debbie was squeaking out little  shrieks of protest, and
starting to sob.  Ted shut down the machine and Debbie stepped
down.  Her eyes filled with tears, panting from exhaustion, and
her bottom on fire!

	"OK, We'll finish up on the leg press," Ted stated,
	and led her over to the bench.

	"OH, PLEASE!  NO MORE!" Debbie pleaded.

	"Not that easy, sister!" Ted replied, "now lay down
	on the bench, face up!" he ordered.


She had to stradle the bench to lay down.  Ted placed her arms
over her head, and brought down the padded weight bar to the
back of her biceps.  The weight he added pinned her arms down.

	"Lift your legs to the platform," he instructed.

Debbie had to shamelessly spread her legs and bend them in an
"L" position to accomplish the direction.  He added just  enough
weight to force her legs to "squat" then another 20 pounds, making
it utterly impossible for her to lift the platform!

Her arms were pinned over her head.  She was laying flat on her
back.  And her legs were up and spread, with her bare split 
bottom hanging just over the edge of the bench!!!

	"You look a little warm," he stated staring at the well
	exposed sex lips and the pucker of her anus!
	"I'll just cool you down a little before we resume," he
	added.

He took a squirt bottle and started annointing her bottom cheeks
with cool water!  He squirted her slit, even inserting the nozzle
slightly to squirt up and down!  She felt her clit throb as the nozzle
touched it!  Ted refilled the bottle, letting the tap run till ice cold.
He started on her anus!  Her cheeks were so spread, she could not
even clench them closed, and her anus was wide open to his
assault!

The water teased around the sensitive pucker and when the nozzle
inched its way inside, she thought she would die!  He was using
an index finger to poke at the crinkled membrane while he squirted
it!!!    The teasing sensations were maddening!!

	"There, that should cool you off and take your mind
	off  things for a while!" he chided as he walked into
	the shower and dressing area.

	"Thought there was one of these in here," he came
	back saying, holding up a wicked looking wooden
	hair brush for her to see.

Debbie's eyes were wide looking at the brush.  Ted smiled then
took a position at the end of the bench.  He first rubbed the
bristled side against her cheeks. Debbie tried to squirm against
the irritation.     She closed her eyes.  OH JESUS!  HE WAS
BRUSHING HER PUSSY HAIR!

He sat down like an Indian between her legs and continued to 
brush at her sex lips.  With his other index finger, he started to
coax apart the rubbery folds of her slit, letting the brush glide
back and forth of her protruding clit!

Debbie moaned.  She could feel the arousal gripping her groin.
Ted smiled as a drop of her juice leaked out.  He caught the drip
and guided it to her bottom hole!  More moans.

Just when she thought she was going to climax he stopped and
brought the back of the brush down hard on her naked ass.  He
stood up.

SPLAT!  the sound was firm.  There was no shock resiliency
in her stretched to the max cheeks.  The sting of the sciatic nerve
seared her brain.  A wordless shreik from her open mouth.

Her reflexes tried to lift  the platform.  It only succeeded in flexing
her thigh muscles in a useless excercize.

SPLAT! to the other cheek and again the "ack...ack" of an almost
wordless shreik.  Five more times to each cheek.  It felt like a hot
iron was tearing at her flesh.   He worked the brush up from the back
of her thighs across both cheeks, then back again, hardly ever pausing.

He set the brush down, and started again with his hand.  He slapped her
open sex lips half a dozen times, then the cheeks and insides of her
thighs.


She screamed and pleaded for Ted to stop.  And he did.

Only to  sit back down between her legs and just watch.  The
cheeks were almost a bright red and twitching uncontrollably.
He  touched the welts here and there.  Then kissed them.  Then
licked them, running his tongue over the indented and swelled
ridges.

Debbie began to breath heavier.  Her belly contracted and the fire
in her groin was reignited.  Ted's tongue flicked at her cheeks,
then in between!  Debbie shuddered.  This was unknown to her.
The tongue  teased at her anus and it pulsed shock waves to
her sex.

He licked and licked then started upward.  Debbie moaned aloud.
The tongue glided over her sex, then wormed its way inside, and
up to the very top. Exploring her fountain hole and throbbing clit.

Her sex lips puffed open, inviting the soft tongue.  The  tongue
constricted itself and used its tip to flick back and forth over the
clit.   Pushing at it from above and below.  It stopped.

She looked up and saw Ted standing, taking off his clothes.

	"Please.......hurry......." Debbie whispered.  Ted smiled.

When he was naked, he lifted the weight from the platform and
lifted it up, freeing her legs.  He guided his erection into her   and
the legs closed upon the small of his back like a vice.

As he knelt, he pushed his hips forward, pulling  on Debbies hips
to meet his thrusts.  They fucked in perfect unison, each enjoying
the pleasures of each other.

When his hands  slid up her  torso and grabbed her nipples,  she
climaxed.  Not even the pain of her bottom rubbing against the
bench   could hinder her orgasm.  It enhanced it!  Wave after
wave of ecstacy pulsed through her.  She could  hear the squish
of passion and could feel the powerful hands and hips
envelope her.  She was racked with climax like never before.

Ted  withdrew  and again sat on the floor.  Debbie lay panting
on the bench.  Her legs lewdly spread wide.  She did not care.

His hand reached up and touched the sensitive clit, causing the
legs to snap  shut like a bear trap!  He  chuckled.  Debbie groaned
and smiled.

He opened her legs and crawled up over her body and kissed her
on the mouth.

	"There, there," he said, "Now that wasn't too bad, was it?"
	he added and asked.  She smiled her agreement.

	"It's getting late, and we need to start the second part of
	your punishment." he calmly spoke.

	"OH GOD!  NO!  I can't possibly take another spanking!"
	Debbie pleaded.

	"Oh, I know, another spanking is out of the question, for
	now anyway.   Your ass is much to tender.    I was thinking
	of something else." he chided.

	"WHAT??!"  Debbie asked with alarm, breathing heavy
			       again.

	"Oh......well..........I was just going to find out how
	ticklish you were!" he smiled, hands on her ribs.

Debbie's eyes puffed out like an owl!  She was horribly ticklish!
She tried to squirm off the  bench.  Her arms were still trapped
and Ted was attaching  weight cuffs to her ankles and tying her
down!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
