Archive-name: Bestial/trdare4a.txt
Archive-author: RICHH
Archive-title: Truth or Dare: 4AM


     For a change, we were at Josh's.
     "Well," said Ellen, Karen's slightly psychopathic cousin, 
"the one song that always sends a chill up *my* spine is 'Woman',
by John Lennon."
     "Oooh yeah."
     "Anything by the Cocteau Twins," said Josh.
     "'She's Leaving Home'," said Howard.
     "Early Billy Joel."
     "Rich?"
     "One summer I was seeing this girl who lived off of exit 8 on
the Jersey Turnpike, and I remember driving home every night like
2 or 3 am, just going through all the stations until I found
'Thunder Road'."
     "There's no lonely like the 3 am Jersey turnpike lonely."
     Howard filled a bowl.
     Josh said, "Rich, gimme a hand with some drinks, will ya?"
     I followed him to the kitchen.  He opened up a cabinet and
pulled out some bottles.  "Let's see...there's Absolut in the
fridge, we got Bailey's, Chambord, Pernod..."
     "Pernod?"
     "Green creme de menthe..."
     How much?"
     "Almost a full bottle, why?"
     "One of Paul's drinks.  Dirty girl scout.  Vodka, Bailey's,
creme de menthe."  We made a bunch and joined the others.  
     "Howard," said Maria.
     "Yeah?"   
     "What is the funniest thing you ever heard your parents say?"
     "Funniest, eh?  That's easy.  I was in 8th grade.  Rich was in
high school.  In health class, we were--"
     "Mr Wallace?" I said.
     "Mr.  Emery.  Oh God, remember that masturbation thing?"
     "Masturbation thing?" said Karen.
     "When I had health, the teacher asked 'Does anyone know what
masturbation is?'  Well, you know how it is in 8th grade.  You
don't admit to even knowing how to spell the word...So no one said
anything.  After a few seconds I raised my hand.  My left hand. 
'Yes, Rich, why don't you tell us what masturbation is.'  I said,
'Beats me.'"
     "Heh.  Howard, well...?"
     "Like I was saying, I was in 8th grade and the teacher had
told us about 'simultaneous orgasms' which, at the time, sounded
pretty cool."
     "Overrated."
     "Lame."
     "Well, anyhow, we were all at breakfast on Sunday and I asked
my mom, 'Mom, have you and dad ever had any simultaneous orgasms?"
     "Hee."
     "My dad put down the paper and said, "Oh sure.  Many times. 
Now, we weren't in the same room, mind you, but still..."
     "I remember."
     "Your parents are funny, How."
     "Can be.  So is it truth or dare, then?" said Howard.  "That
was a truth."
     "Hey, no retroactive shit," said Josh.
     "My ass," said Howard.
     "Whatever turns you on, How," said Josh.
     "Fuck that," I said.  "besides, where the fuck are we gonna
find a caulking gun and a bottle of Karo syrup?  At this hour??"
     "I've got both those things," said Josh.
     "Bastid."
     "Truth or dare, Ellen?" said Maria.
     "Truth.".
     "Tell us about your first sexual experience.  With another
girl.
     Ellen was plump and told some of the raunchiest jokes.  She'd
been with Josh for about two months.  "Okay.  I was in 8th grade. 
My best friend was this girl, Janet.  She was a year younger but we
hung out all the time anyhow.  Both my parents worked so she would
come over to my house after school and we'd go up to my parents'
room and watch tv or listen to the radio.  We watched, oh, you
remember Dance USA?"
     Maria admitted, "I was *on* it.  Once."
     "Yikes.  Well, we watched that, cartoons, whatever.  Sometimes
we'd smoke.  But we'd go outside if we were going to do *that*.  
     Well, one day, we're just lying there, and Janet says: 
     "Ellen, can I ask you something?"  
     "Sure."  
     <In these <> things will be present activity.  Anything else
is Ellen's story.>
     <"Now, Janet had a funny way of putting sentences together
sometimes, especially if she was nervous.">
      Janet said, "Do you ever, oh, like at night, before you go to
sleep, thinking about guys, or slow-dancing, or in the bathtub, do
you--"  
     <Well, I knew her well enough to know what she was getting at,
and since I was supposed to be the neighborhood 'bad' girl, I
said,>
     "Do I ever masturbate?  Play with myself?"  
     "*Do* you?"  
     "Do *you*?"  
     "I asked first."  
     "So you do, then."  
     "I didn't say that."  
     "If you didn't, you would have said no right away.  It's okay. 
So do I."  
     "You do?"  
     "Sure.  All the time."  
     "All the time?"  
     "Well, not *all*..."  
     "How do you..you know...do you inside...outside...what do you
think about?"  
     "Well,' Ellen said, "Why don't I just show you."  <"We were
both still in our uniforms and I just pulled up my skirt and slid
down and kicked off my panties and started going for it."
     "Coolness," said Karen.  "Hey, you never told me about any of
this."
     "I guess I never thought you'd be interested."
     "Bitch," said Karen.
     "Go on," said Josh.>
     <"Well, Janet was sitting up, her legs tucked under her,
studying me intently, staring at my hands, my face, everything. 
Sometimes she'd look in the mirror on my mom's bureau for a
different angle.  So I knew I had to put on a good show.  I mean,
I really got LOUD."
     "Hee."
     "I did things I never had tried, just to turn her on.  I
reached my one hand under my thigh and slid in a couple fingers. 
My other hand was playing  with my clit and I was moaning and
gyrating, calling out names of boys we knew, hinting at some huge
fantasy in my head, saying things like:" >
     "Oh yes, yes, kiss me there.  Yes.  Get the chocolate.  Ooooh. 
That's so nice."
     <"Finally, I reached up and pulled Janet back down so she was
laying next to me and with my left hand I did me and I slid my
right hand into her panties and did her the same way.  She just
whimpered and held my wrist and said:">
     "Oh my God, this is just like I imagined it..."
     <"So this 'sexplay' became a daily part of our after-school
routine.  It was funny.  We kept daring each other to go farther
and farther.  Things really got wild when Shemp wandered in..."
     Karen screeched.
     "Shemp?"
     "Our collie.  We kept the door open so we could hear when
either of my parents came in.  Well, I was on my back and Janet was
eating me when he just kinda came wandering in.  I was kinda
surprised that he hadn't before."> 
     Janet looked over at the dog and patted her hand on the bed
and said, "Hey Shemp, good boy, good boy.  Up on the bed.  Come
here. Good boy."
     <"I *loved* that dog," said Karen. 
     "Apparently not as much as Ellen."
     "Nor as often."
     <"Shemp jumped up on the bed and I instinctively closed my
legs.
     "Boy," said Josh,"has *that* instinct ever changed."
      Ellen elbowed him and continued:>  
     Janet said, "I dare you to let him lick you."  
     So of course I did.  
     Janet rubbed Shemp, encouraging him.
     "Oh my God," said Janet.  "His thing.  It's coming out."
     <"I looked under him.  Sure enough, it was.  It looked like a
lipstick.">
     "I dare you to touch it," I said to Janet.
     "I couldn't."
     "Chicken."
     Janet reached out a tentative hand, touched it, and screamed,
scaring the dog off the bed.
     "Oh.  My.  God.  That felt *soooo* weird."
     "Weird?"  Ellen looked over at the dog, who was lurking at the
foot of the bed.  "C'mon, boy.  C'mon, back up here."  <"He jumped
back up and wrestled him down and turned him over and started
rubbing his belly.  He really liked that, because his little
dogdick came right back out.  I rubbed his balls.">
     "I'm gonna put my mouth around it," said Ellen.
     "Ewwwww," said Janet.  "Go ahead.  I dare you."
     "Well, if I do, you're gonna have to do something."
     "Go ahead."
     <"So I did.  That was strange.  But I sucked on him like I
would've on a guy.  Janet took a picture of me doing it."
     "A picture?"
     "With my dad's SX-70.  That started a whole new deal for us. 
Pictures."
     "Wicked.">
     "Your turn now," Ellen said to Janet.  "Come on, fair's fair."
     "What?" said Janet.
     "Come here.  Give me the camera.  Ok, now get on your hands
and knees.  Good, good."
     "Ellen."
     "Just relax.  Shemp is way smaller than your hairbrush."
     <"Hee," said Karen.  "I remember *those* days."
     "Well, you oughta," said Howard.  "Last week...">
     Shemp mounted the small redhead and soon Ellen was saying,
"Oooh, Janet, nice.  How does it feel?  Oooh, that looks hot.  Say
cheese."
     Janet said, "I don't want any of his stuff inside me, Ellen." 
     "Relax."
     <"When it looked like Shemp was ready, I reached under and
pushed Janet forward and pulled him out and he shot doggie jizz all
over the bed.  We just looked at each other and realized what a bad
idea that had been.  We tore all the sheets off the bed and stuffed
them into the washer.  It was late and when my mom came home we
told her we'd spilled some grape juice or something."
     "She bought it?"
     "Oh yeah.  So then we would split up the pictures and bring
them to school, where we kept daring each other to do things, like
look at them during class, during lunch, to meet in the bathroom at
a certain time all sorts of shit."  Both Howard's hand and Karen's
own were hidden up to the wrist in her shorts.  "So, all year that
was our thing:  to come over my house and be naked.  Lemme tell
you--that was one lucky dog.">
     "Ruff."
     "Bow.  Fucking.  Wow."
     "Truth or dare, Karen?" said Maria, pulling Karen's and
Howard's hands out of her shorts.
     "Dare."
 
--
