                      "The Treatment"
                        By: Tiffany
 
     I could not believe my luck.  After being a single mother of
three for twelve years, and struggling from pay check to pay
check, I met a man that wanted to marry me after one date.  He
offered to adopt my three children and keep me at home doing the
things I love doing: cooking, mothering, and painting.  
     Walter Quintana was pushing sixty and twenty-five years my
senior.  Though not my ideal man, he was distinguished, knew lots
of interesting and important people, and was rich by my
standards.  My sons took an instant liking to Walter because he
was liberal with his cash, offered them beer, and let them browse
his extensive collection of girlie magazines.  Those things did
not set well with me, but I kept silent.  
     My boys have been a hand full ever since the first one,
Jason, entered puberty four years ago.  Greg doubled my trouble
two years later, and my youngest, Arthur, had just begun talking
squeaky and leaving those tell-tale spots on his sheets.  The
thought of my little sex fiends having unlimited access to
pornography left me with a cold chill.  Add alcohol to that mix
and I could see real trouble in the mansion.
     None-the-less, I quelled my apprehensions and accepted
Walter's proposal and his suggestion that we move in together for
a few weeks before the wedding.  Walter wanted me to quit my job
and offered to maintain my apartment.  He said he'd give me five
thousand dollars as a parting gift if things didn't work out.  I
was determined that things would work out.  During those two
weeks I never uttered a protest or made a single complaint,
though I had plenty to complain about.  My boys quickly became
impossible to control.  
     Walter seemed to be testing my tolerance. Always a very
touchy-feely guy, he continued that practice 
regardless of who was in the room or what room we were in.  To
have a hand grab my crotch with one or more of my boys grinning
at me was a novel and unwelcome sensation.  Not being able to
slap the shit out of the guy that did it was even more novel. 
Walter had another nuance that I found particularly unnerving; he
liked to playfully call me demeaning terms, like bitch, cunt, and
whore.  These were always said with a smile and followed by a
kiss, but in the presence of my children, it was difficult to
bear.  When they started doing it, Walter loved it.  I was almost
ready to take the five grand and walk.
     I stayed but resolved that after the wedding there would be
some major changes.  Our state is a community property state and
I made it clear that I would not sign a pre-nuptial agreement.  I
even visited an attorney without Walter's knowledge to verify
what my rights would be one day after the wedding.  What I
learned was that I'd be half rich.  I'm not a gold digger, but
with that knowledge I had options and leverage.  I intended to
use those to get my way.  The day after the wedding, the beer
would go, the magazines would go, and they would all show me the
respect I deserved as a wife and mother.  If not, Walter would
go.
     I was sitting on the couch with Walter two days before the
wedding.  We were watching TV.  From Jason's room came the
familiar call that sent chills up my spine.  "Hey, BITCH! 
Bring me a fuckin' beer!"  I forced a smile.  Walter said, "Boys
will be boys."  I delivered the beer to Jason who was lying on
his back, propped up on a pillow, and jerking off while looking
at Miss November.  All three of my boys get a big kick out of
having me catch them jerking off.  They also like to deposit
their youthful seed where they know I'll have to handle it, like
on pillow cases and in socks.  I handed Jason the beer with fire
in my eyes and said, "You just wait, young man.  I'm going to
remember this.  I'm writing everything down."
     He just gave me a hard look, pointed his prick at me, and
jerked faster.  I left steaming.  I plopped down beside Walter
and smiled, saying, "Oh, those boys.  They drive me nuts.  I hope
you won't mind if I make a few little changes after we're
married."
     "That will be your prerogative.  After all, half of this
will be yours.  I intend to leave the running of this house to
you, dear.  Just to humor me, though, don't make any changes
until then, okay?"
     This unexpected news thrilled me, and I quickly said yes. 
From that moment on I could take anything.  When Jason next
called me, I walked in smiling.  He had just ejaculated all over
his stomach and upper thighs.  I handed him the beer and said,
"Can I get you a warm wash cloth?"
     "Yeah, cunt.  You can clean this fuckin' mess up, too."
     I returned seconds later, knelt by his bed, and dutifully
swabbed-up his semen.  I pinched the deflated head of his penis
to wipe along its length and clean his balls.  Jason loved this
intimate attention from me, as it was the first time in his
memory that I'd touched his penis.  He'd die if he knew I'd
regularly sucked all three of them as babies to get them to fall
asleep.  It was their father's idea.  He got a big charge out of
watching.  After I tossed his lazy ass out, my boys learned to
fall asleep the normal way.
     The evening before the wedding, Walter and I sat together on
the couch.  He was wondering why we hadn't received the results
back from our blood tests and was worried that the wedding might
have to be postponed.  It was no big deal.  We planned a simple
JP ceremony at the court house, but I became anxious.  Moments
later, the phone beside me rang.  I picked up.  The professional
sounding male voice said, "Is this Ann Taylor?"
    "Yes, yes it is."
     "Miss Taylor, this is Dr. Greendale from the clinic.  I'm
afraid I have some rather disturbing news.  I'd prefer to discuss
this in detail in a more suitable setting, but time is of the
essence.  In brief, your blood test revealed the presence of a
rare toxin.  The tests are conclusive.  You have what's called
lymphatic toxicoma."
     "Lymphatic toxicoma?  Is it serious?"
     "I'm afraid it's very serious - life threatening if not
treated in time.  Tell me, are your joints hurting you at all?"
     "Well, no, not really."
     "Excellent.  That means we can use chemotherapy.  Ann, I can
now give you some good news.  We can treat your condition with
drugs, and the treatment only takes thirty days.  Afterwards,
you'll be free of this condition."
     I let out a sigh of relief and said, "It's about time I
heard something positive.  So, do I need to make an appointment
or something?  I have a wedding tomorrow at noon."
     I'm afraid the wedding must wait until we can clear your
test.  The Center for Disease Control has a strict rule on this
condition.  Although the disease can not be communicated while
the drugs are being administered, it is a very rare and dangerous
communicable venereal disease."
     "Where did I get it?"
     "I don't want to get into that over the phone.  I'll need a
detailed sex history from you - another CDC requirement.  Ann, is
there anyone with you?"
     "Yes, Walter my fiancee is right here."
     "Don't move.  Tell him to hold the phone to your ear for
you."
     "But why, I'm perfectly..."
     "Please, Ann, just do as I say."  I told Walter and he held
the phone.  "Okay, now very gingerly release the phone and let
your arm fall and rest at your side.  Do not move your fingers or
wrist
joints!"
     Fear rose in me as I complied.  I said, "Why, what's wrong?"
     "I'm coming to you with a team of specialists, Ann.  It is
absolutely important that you not move any joints until we
arrive.  The toxin acts on the cartilage between your joints. 
Movement speeds up the action and provides a pathway into the
central tissue.  If the toxin gets inside the cartilage, the
drugs can't neutralize them.  We may still cure you, but you
could easily loose fingers, hands, feet, even entire limbs.  If
you haven't felt any pain it's not likely to have happened yet,
but this is too serious to take a chance.  Can you remain totally
immobile for thirty minutes?"
     I said a very firm yes.  The doctor hung up.  I explained
the situation to Walter, talking through clenched teeth, head
straight forward, trying not to move my jaw.  Walter immediately
went for his medical encyclopedia.  He found the section right
away and read me the short article.  It was what Dr. Greendale
had told me, plus we learned that it only affected the joints of
the outer extremities from the elbows and knees down.  Treatment
called for immobilization of vulnerable joints and chemotherapy. 
That was a small relief, and I timidly relaxed my jaw and neck. 
What I found shocking was that the drugs were administered twice
daily through high colonic enemas.  Walter put the book away and
sat beside me, saying, "Well, look on the bright side.  It's
curable and they caught it before any damage was done."
     I said, "Yes, I'm a very lucky lady, but this is too serious
for me to start celebrating my good luck.  By the way, the
wedding has to be postponed for at least a month."
     "Damn!  Well, look, the deal is still valid as far as I'm
concerned, and I'll pick up the full medical expenses besides. 
I'll arrange to hold your apartment for another month."
     "Oh, Walter.  You are a prince."
     Walter called my boys in and gave them the full story.  They
looked on with sad worried eyes.  I said, "It looks like you kids
will have to get your own beer for a while.  And Jason, you can
clean your own jerk-off messes."  He scowled at me for
embarrassing him, but it felt good to see him blush for a change.
     Dr. Greendale arrived on time and was accompanied by three
assistants, two male and one female.  All but the nurse wore
light blue medical smocks with name plaque badges that identified
them as DR. RN. Technician, Therapist and so forth.  She wore a
sexy white nurse's uniform.  They all looked and acted
professional, and I hadn't the slightest inkling they weren't
what they pretended to be.  Dr. Greendale explained the disease
and treatment in more detail.  He explained the necessity of
applying casts to mid-thigh and mid-upper arm.  As his assistants
prepared the materials, he said, "Fortunately, I see you have
three helpers living with you.  You're lucky they are out of
school for the summer.  We can train them to care for you and
administer the treatments.  Of course, you could hire round the
clock nurses, but that can be very expensive."
     I said, "What do I need nurses for?"
     "Ann, these casts are very heavy.  I'm afraid you won't be
able to do anything for yourself.  Basically, you'll be
bed-ridden.  Now, I'll need to cut your clothes off of you."  
     He made a move towards my skirt with a pair of scissors and
I freaked.  My three boys were gawking at me.  I said, "Wait! 
Not with them in here.  Walter, can we talk privately?"
     Walter ushered everyone into the den and shut the door.  He
came back and sat beside me.  I said, "Walter, sweetheart, I
don't want those kids looking after me.  They've never seen me
naked and I want to keep it that way; besides, there's no way I
want them attending to my toilet or giving me sponge baths. 
Giving me enemas is out of the question.  Hire me a nurse,
please!"
     Walter looked pensive, then said, "Look, Ann.  I'll be
totally honest with you.  One of my biggest fantasies is of a
beautiful, sexy mother being helpless and at the mercy of her
horny kids.  I prefer scenarios that involve nasty young girls,
but any kids will do.  This situation has fallen into my lap like
a gift from heaven.  Please don't ask me to forfeit it and spend
thousands of dollars unnecessarily in the process."
     This revelation was not a total surprise to me.  Whenever we
made love, Walter made me recount every improper act that my boys
have ever perpetrated on me.  Lately, there had been many and I
fully understood his motives for wanting me to tolerate the
situation.  I said, "Sweetheart, I understand what you want, but
this is no game.  You don't know what you're asking.  I have no
idea what those boys are capable of.  I don't know if I could
survive the humiliation of having them see my naked vagina, much
less wiping my butt.  As for sex, who knows what they might try. 
I'll be totally helpless."
    Walter smiled with a gleam in his eye.  I knew I said the
wrong thing.  He said, "That's right.  I could live off the
memories for the rest of my life."
     I knew right then that there was no chance of getting a
nurse.  My options were few.  I had no medical insurance.  I
pleaded, "Please, Walter!  If I do this for you, will you at
least lay some ground rules for them and rigidly enforce them."
     "No, that would defeat my purpose.  I want them to feel free
to do with you whatever pleases them.  I have no intention of
interfering.  It will do you no good to cry to me for help,
either.  I won't lift a finger.  I'm sorry, Ann, but I can't pass
this chance up.  I'd never get another in a million lifetimes."
     I still had the option of halting our engagement.  I figured
the doctor would commit me to the state hospital.  I've heard
horror stories about those places.  Finally, I said, "Bring them
in."
     Soon they were all crowded around as Dr. Greendale began
snipping his way up the center of my skirt.  I wanted to die as
he folded the flaps back and exposed my panties.  Greg slyly
pointed out the stray pubic hairs peeking out from under the leg
bands.  Dr. Greendale's scissors continued up through my
pull-over.  He parted it and cut down the length of each sleeve. 
I had little time to adjust to being in my bra and panties when
he snipped the bra in the center and cut the two shoulder straps.
He bared my breasts and the boys' eyes lit up.  I groaned as he
inserted his scissors down the center of my panty waist band and
cut his way to the left leg hole.  He then cut straight across
the crotch, saying, "I'm afraid these have to go, too.  Once the
casts are on you wouldn't be able to get them off without cutting
anyway.  And you may as well adjust to having your sons see you
in your birthday suit.   They'll be bathing you twice a day among
other things."
     I closed my eyes as he stepped back and revealed my exposed
vagina.  I cursed the fact that I'd been sitting in a relaxed,
unladylike position when he first called and didn't have the
courage to move my knees together.  I could feel the cool air on
my inner membranes, and my damn clit began climbing up to take a
look around.  I closed my eyes and listened to my sons' giggles.
     Dr. Greendale took up a clipboard and said, "I need to get
this CDC sexual history questionnaire filled out.  I'm afraid
it's rather personal.  I must warn you that falsifying
information can lead to arrest and/or a stiff fine.  They're very
serious about this, Ann.  Perhaps you'd like to handle this in
private."
     I nodded firmly, but Walter piped in, saying, "I'm sure Ann
has nothing to hide.  Go ahead, Doctor."
     I gave Walter a nasty look.  The doctor said, "Very well."
     He then began asking me extremely detailed questions.  I was
so intimidated by the threat from the CDC that I answered them
truthfully.  Before the humiliating experience was over, I'd
explained my masturbation habits, including frequency and
technique.  I explained my fist sexual encounter; my first oral
sex; my first anal experience; my love of enemas; my several acts
of infidelity; and the catalog of lovers I'd had since divorcing
my husband.  By the time I was through, I was not just physically
laid bare, but spiritually and emotionally as well.  I felt like
a cheap slut.  My kids were looking at me like I was a cheap
slut, also.  My traitorous vagina reveled in my exposure,
embarrassing me further by opening up and pouring my juices down
the crack of my ass and wetting the sofa cushion.
     After the questionnaire, the team went to work and applied
soft gauss padding wherever the cast would be applied, being
extremely careful not to move me unnecessarily.  Water-soaked
plaster strips were continually applied until both my legs were
covered by a thick cast.  They cast my legs as they were
positioned, bent ninety degrees at the knee.  While the leg cast
set-up, they started on my arms, setting them just as they
rested.  After encasing my arms, they went back to my legs and
Dr. Greendale explained that they could now lift and move my leg
to complete the casting of my feet and setting eyebolts in the
ends at the toes.  I groaned as they lifted my right leg and
yawned my pussy.  I groaned doubly when, afterwards,  they set it
far to the right and then lifted my left.  The boys gathered at
my crotch and gawked at my spread beaver.  I swear they could see
my tonsils. 
     I could see that Walter was enjoying himself.  He had a
hardon that threatened to destroy a new pair of slacks.  When all
work was done and the casts were set, I sat like a fool, helpless
and exposed.  I tried to lift my arms, but the weight was almost
too much.  The legs were impossible to move on my own.  My casts
were much bigger than ordinary casts for broken bones and at the
ends of each was a strong eyebolt.  These, he explained,
facilitated suspension and greatly added to my comfort.  He said
they would then begin installing the hardware necessary for my
home care.  They turned the guest bedroom into a treatment room. 
I watched a hospital bed being wheeled in and heard drilling and
hammering.
     The decent thing for them to do after finishing my casts
would have been to throw a sheet over my naked body.  Not only
was I not given a sheet, but they left my legs widely parted. 
That was the only non-professional act I observed.  They ignored
the way my kids gathered between my legs and studied my intimate
anatomy.  I looked to Walter with a face as red as a used tampon
and said, "I hope you're satisfied."  He simply smiled.
     After two hours on the couch, I was lifted by the men and
placed on my back in the bed.  Overhead was a traction frame of
heavy chrome steel with chrome rings every six inches.  Dr.
Greendale demonstrated the utility of the setup by clipping a
cotton rope to the eyebolt on the toe of my right leg cast,
running the tail end through a ring and drawing my leg up in the
air.  He did the same with the my left leg.  When he
secured the ends, I was helplessly spread and my backside barely
rested on the bed.  It did feel good being relieved of all that
weight, but I felt so exposed and vulnerable.  He secured my arms
out to the sides and I felt especially vulnerable.  I must have
looked like a dead cockroach.  
     He then demonstrated the electronic controls.  The control
hummed and the entire framework rose, lifting me clear of the bed
by over a foot.  He paused to point out the facility of being
able to easily attend my toilet and bathing needs.  They placed a
child's wading pool on the bed beneath me.  He then took a water
wand and startled me by spraying my crotch.  It was then I
noticed the hose coming in through the window.  I also noticed
the series of eyebolts installed on the walls and ceiling.  
     He adjusted the spray to a pulse mode and pulsed my exposed
anus, saying, "You won't have to deal with messy toilet paper
with this device."  He then absent-mindedly brought the pulsing
jets up my crack to my clit.  I jerked and brought my head up. 
He said, "Oh, excuse me, Ann."  The boys got a big laugh out of
that.  The nurse enjoyed it especially.  She brought a tissue to
my pussy and rubbed me dry, smiling and saying, "We both know
what that thing is good for, don't we."
     This was my first real inkling that this was a setup.  The
way she said it and the way they all laughed, not to mention the
unprofessional way she dried my pussy told me I was in deep
trouble.  I felt like such an idiot.  I knew I was screwed.  I
saw no way out.  Even if I screamed my head off it would only get
me a gag.  I decided right then to go ahead and play along.  I
felt like I deserved whatever happened.  I wasn't even angry with
Walter.  I should have suspected.  Even a total idiot can put two
and two together.  I couldn't blame my boys; they were just being
boys.  Who could really blame them for taking advantage of the
situation.  I was sure they weren't in on it, and they seemed to
believe the story.  Actually, all of the burden was off me.  I
had no say over anything.  I was as helpless and vulnerable as
any woman could be.  If they could live with their consciences,
then more power to them was the way I saw it.
     After this demonstration, the nurse took charge and ushered
the men from the room, directing the boys to stay.  This woman
was the image of the buxom babe dressed up as a sexy nurse like
you see on adult sit-coms.  Her uniform was short and open at the
chest to show ample cleavage.  Her hair was wildly sculpted and
piled, accented by her cute nurse's cap.  Unlike most nurses, she
wore make-up, professionally applied.  After shutting the door
behind the men, she locked it.  She turned sensuously,
leaned against the door, and said in a sultry, sexy voice,
"Before I explain how you take care of Mommy's hygiene needs,
would you boys mind if I have a little fun with her first."
     I swear, I was never so shocked in my life.  I looked at her
like she was crazy.  She sucked her finger then traced her
painted fingernail teasingly over her breast mound and undid
three buttons.  My boys were staring at her with their eyes out
on springs, nodding in unison.  She began taking off her clothes
while saying, "Promise not to tell, okay?"  Their eyeballs were
flopping all around; mine were bugged out pretty far as well. 
This woman had a body that wouldn't quit and absolutely gorgeous
besides.  She was naked under her uniform and after dropping it,
posed like a glamour model.  Aside from pendulous breasts with
hard prominent nipples, her pussy was shaved bare.  She dipped a
finger into her slit and twirled it in her wetness, then brought
it up and applied that wetness to her lips like lip gloss.  She
told Jason to remove the pool and lower me to the bed.  She
advance towards me, coming up on my left with an exaggerated sexy
sway.  She leaned over my head and pursed her lips for a kiss.  I
just stared at her in disbelief as Jason, Greg, and Arthur
hurriedly got into positions to watch.  Arthur actually climbed
onto the bed and lay across my body, using my abdomen as a rest
for his bony elbows and cupping my breasts in his small hands. 
Jason and Greg were leaning in from my right, anxiously waiting
to see my lips touch hers.  I drew my head back as her lips came
nearer.  I tried to twist away, but she held my head with both
hands.  When contact seemed immanent, I bit at her lips.  She
drew back and reached to my left nipple, giving it a painful
pinch.  She kept my nipple between the nails of her thumb and
forefinger and slowly brought her lips back to mine.  I held
perfectly still and let her seal her mouth to mine.  Her soft
feminine lips and erotic perfume made my head spin.  Her tongue
teased inside my lips and over my clenched teeth.  I could tell
she wanted in my mouth and felt a slight building pressure on my
nipple.  I slowly relaxed my jaw and accepted her silky tongue. 
She took her hand off my tit and ran it down to my pussy.  We
kissed passionately as her finger slipped inside me.  The boys
moved about, equally delighted by the sight of my tongue
searching out her mouth or her fingers turning my cunt into a
soupy mess.  She brought me off with her finger and I moaned in
helpless ecstasy.
     She climbed off the bed and gathered my hair in a pony tail
coming off the top of my head.   I was puzzled by this until she
tied it in an over-hand knot and slipped a noose over it.  The
boys were curious about this, but when she climbed up and
straddled my head then brought the rope up her back and passed
the tail end through a ring in a cross bar, they seemed to catch
on at once.  
     I stared up into my first pussy, a pussy getting poised over
my mouth.  I felt the slight tug on my hair knot as she handed
the tail end to Arthur who was kneeling on the bed between my
legs.  Jason and Greg leaned in from both sides peering into the
space between her crotch and my face.  She lowered herself over
my body with her pubic bone on my upper chest.  I looked
into her spread beaver as she moved her knees out and in line
with my shoulders.  She reached back with both hands and lewdly
pulled her cheeks apart.  It was the most vulgar sight you could
imagine.  Her hairless sex yawned wide like a huge toothless
mouth.  It was shockingly vulgar, but I found it erotic as hell. 
She was sopping wet.  I groaned in despair and said, "Please
don't!"  
    She obviously gave Arthur the signal, because my head
suddenly got yanked up.  My head was like a baseball and her
beaver was the catcher's mitt.  Her wet flesh sealed my face.  I
couldn't see or breathe.  I could hear, and I heard her moans and
their laughs.  Seconds later, the tension released; my head fell
to the mattress.  I just had time for a few quick breaths,
then...Twack!  Strike two!
     This bizarre game continued until I stopped dropping my
head.  I kept my face in her cunt to avoid having my hair yanked.
I was able to control my breathing and as long as I kept my face
in tight contact with her cunt between breaths, she didn't make
Arthur yank.  I thought this was very clever of her because to
the boys it appeared I was willingly eating her out.  They were,
in fact, cheering me on.  I said to myself, "What the hell."  To
tell the truth, I found the feel, taste, and smell of her pussy
intoxicating.  I began licking her in earnest, giving them the
show they wanted.  They delighted at seeing my tongue fully
extended and being drawn up the full length of her slit.  I
repeated this often, since they liked it so much.  She liked it
too, but occasionally wanted her clit sucked.  This I willing
did, bringing her to orgasm.  After her orgasm, I lapped at her
weeping hole.  My sons marveled at my willingness to lick up her
pussy juices.
     While remaining in place, and while I attended her delicious
pussy, she called the boys to my crotch and proceeded to give
them an anatomy lesson.  I found this highly erotic and amusing
at first.   After explaining my basic hygiene needs and going
over the parts of my pussy, she began demonstrating the use of
various tools that came with the bed.  Besides the water wand,
there were a variety of phallic vibrators, enema attachments, a
pussy spreader, an anal stretcher, and a urinary catheter.  She
demonstrated the administration of a high colonic.  I grunted and
strained as she shoved four feet of soft rubber tubing up my
entrails.  I took what seemed like gallons of water making  my
belly swell up.  She let me cry and beg for relief for five
minutes.  She teased me by jostling my abdomen, making my innards
slosh.  The boys thought that was hilarious.  After five minutes,
she eased the tube to within a few inches of coming out, placed
the end of the tube into a pail on the floor, and emptied the
contents of my colon into that pail.  The process was repeated
until the water poured out clear.  
     I then had the uncomfortable experience of having my
sphincter slowly stretched until a baseball bat could go in
without touching the walls.  They used a flashlight to peer
inside me.  I groaned when she said, "If you work her up to it,
she can easily take your arms up her ass clear to your arm pits. 
Be careful to always make sure your nails are cut short and
buffed and never ever insert any breakable or sharp objects or
apply force."  Strange as this may seem, I thrilled at these
provocative words.  You see, I've always been very anal.  The
very idea of taking a child's arm totally inside me was
intriguing to say the least.
     Next, she explained how the medicine was to be administered.
She had Jason raise my legs to the highest by pulling on the
ropes and re-fastening them.  My toes touched the rings and I was
resting on my shoulders.  My ass was two feet off the bed.  She
asked for a bottle from a case of them.  I saw the bottle as Greg
handed it to her.  It looked to hold a about a quart.  The body
was seamless plastic and had a slight hour glass shape.  She
removed the screw-on cap, lubricated the outside with petroleum
jelly, then placed the short neck in my ass and pushed hard. 
After the stretching, the bottle went in easily, but not without
making my eyes cross.  
     I looked past her kneeling form and watched my ass
gurgle down the coffee colored liquid (it was, in fact, coffee). 
She told them to clean me out twice a day and give me one bottle
after each cleaning.  After the bottle drained, she said, "Leave
her in this position for one hour with the bottle inside.  After
that, you may return her to any position.  You may want to leave
the bottle inside to keep her from leaking.  The only negative
side effect is that she may never be able to use her bowels again
in a normal way.  On the other hand, she'll have a handy place to
store things."
     This brought howls of laughter.  This news also had my
imagination stirred.  I was never all that fond of the normal
way.  I wondered if wine or beer could be absorbed through the
colon.
     The next outrage was the catheter.  For this I was lowered
prematurely.  She showed them how to drain my bladder by slowly
inserting a thin plastic tube through my piss hole clear to my
bladder.  They each practiced several times.  She explained that
in a hospital, they would normally leave a catheter in place
draining into a bag suspended from the bed frame.  She said, "You
might want to drain it as needed if you want to play with her
pussy."
     She then removed the catheter and used the spreader and
opened my pussy so wide that I swear Arthur could have stuck his
head in and wiggled his ears.  My grunts and groans didn't seem
to bother anyone and Jason urged her to open it more and more. 
She made them scrub up using a basin on my bedstand.  Afterwards,
they were invited to reach in and feel around.  Their little
hands roughly explored my vaginal cavity and they thumped my
cervix and squeezed my womb.  To my absolute horror, she said,
"You'll find that the vagina is an incredibly elastic and
resilient organ.  It can adjust to incredible extremes over time
and if done with care you could turn her into a champion fist
fucker.  If you do that, though, she'll never get pleasure from
an ordinary penis.  She'll become dependent on you guys to get
her off.  She's your mom, you do with her what you want.  Three
firm rules, though, never blow air or water in there under
pressure, no sharp objects, and no chemical substances.  Other
than that, experiment and have fun.  Oh, and be sure to wash
thoroughly anything you place inside her.   There's plenty of
surgical soap, use it liberally or you'll give her pussy an
infection."
     My mind was numb after hearing this, but it wasn't over yet.
I listened closely as she said, "Now, for her diet.  She's to be
fed only baby food.  If you mix in some semen, she'll get all the
nutrients she requires.  She's to get no liquids.  Her only
source of liquid must be urine, pee.  Urine from a healthy
bladder is sterile.  They used to use it to clean battlefield
wounds.  I'm sure you guys can figure out where she can get
plenty of nice sterile urine, can't you?"
     Greg said in astonishment, "You mean she has to drink piss?"
     "That's right."
     "Our piss?"
     "That would be the logical source, and you do have that
handy straw between your legs."
     Jason said, "Far fucking out.  You mean Mom has to let us
piss in her mouth."
     "Unless she wants to go thirsty.  I'm serious, any other
liquid might react with the medication.  She might die from a
simple glass of water.  She might hold off for a day or two, but
after the first time, she'll love nursing piss from your peckers.
Look, would you like me to break her in for you?  I could use a
good piss."
     She was still straddling my head, laying supine over my
body.  The boys eagerly accepted her offer and gathered at my
head.  She moved her cunt over my head and reached back to spread
her lips, exposing her piss hole.  She took my clit in her nails
and said, "You heard me, Ann.  I said, I have to piss.  If you
don't glue your mouth to my cunt right now, I'm going to piss all
over you and you can just soak in it until they clean you up."  I
raised up and sealed my mouth over her hole.  Immediately a warm
flow filled my mouth and I swallowed as fast as I could.  It
wasn't bad; I was surprised.  Knowing that piss was sterile made
it easier.  I don't know why I believed her story, but she acted
like she knew about these things.  I learned more about the
female anatomy in the two hours she spent training my boys then
I'd learned in thirty-five years owning a vagina.
     When she finished pissing, I licked her slit for good
measure.  She climbed off and stood looking over me.  She said,
"I'll leave you guys alone now.  You boys take good care of her
and try not to get too carried away.  Take everything gradually,
build up slowly and there should be no problem.  If you boys are
smart, you'd take advantage of this treatment time to train and
condition her.  If you concentrate on bringing her pleasure and
making this the most memorable experience of her life, she will
probably continue serving you long after her casts come off.  She
can easily get addicted to pleasure only you guys can provide. 
On the other hand, if you just want to torment her and use her
selfishly, you can do that too.  Of course, after she gets up and
about, she'll probably grab the first train out of town and
you'll be on your own.  It's all up to you; she's completely at
your mercy.  So far, the only one she can be mad at is me, and I
think she likes me.   Don't you guys think so?"
     They agreed.  She was stroking my forehead.  She looked into
my eyes and I smiled.  She brought her face close and I lifted to
kiss her lovingly.  She let me demonstrate my true affection in a
long kiss that she passively accepted.  As she drew away, I
followed to the limits of my bonds.  I said, "Will you visit from
time to time?"
     "Will you beg to lick my pussy and drink my piss?"
     "Yes, I swear."
     "See how this works, boys.  I now have a personal cunt
lapper and porta-pottie.  You can, too.  Wouldn't it be nice to
come home from a date with Sally Tightwat with a bad case of blue
balls.  You could bend Mommy over a chair or table and throw her
a fuck.  Or if you're watching a good movie and you have to piss.
Wouldn't it be convenient to simply say, 'Hey, Mom, I gotta pee.'
And she comes right over and drains your bladder, then stays to
suck you off."
     They all nodded in agreement.  She said, "Well, you can
start training her right now."
     She dressed and left with a smile and a blown kiss.  Jason
untied the knot in my hair.  Greg asked if my position was okay. 
Arthur got between my legs and softly washed my ass and vagina. 
I breathed deeply, let out a long sigh, and stared at the
ceiling, trying to absorb all that had happened.
     In the days that followed, I discovered three hidden cameras
aimed at the bed.  The boys went out of their way to be nice and
considerate.  They made every effort to insure my comfort
and brought me piss in an opaque mug, pinching my nose so that I
wouldn't smell what I drank.   I could occasionally taste their
semen in my baby food, but they went out of their way to hide the
food preparation.  My pussy and ass got a great deal of
attention, but they avoided the appearance of messing around.  It
was clear that they thought this was the way to win my
after-treatment favors.  I found this all rather amusing;
however, it wasn't working.  
     I appreciated the care, but I knew I'd be the same mother on
the last day and they'd feel cheated.  They hadn't learned from
watching a master at work.  The nurse showed them how to change
me and gave them the tools and the technique.  They were going
about it all wrong.  
     I had plenty of time to analyze Wendy's technique.  It 
occurred to me that a woman - at least this woman - is
like cold steel.  To change it permanently, you have to heat it
to near melting and force the change in shape by beating if
necessary, then let it cool slowly.  In a sense, that's what she
did to me.  The boys could, indeed, make me their willing sex
slave, but not without force, carefully applied.  In a way, I
hoped they'd wise up.  After five days, I was ready to drop
hints.  The twice-daily coffee enemas kept me wired.  I grew
hornier with each day.   They didn't even pick up on that.  I
finally told them that if I had to drink urine, I'd rather use
their natural straws.  Those idiots didn't even take the hint
when I kept sucking on a drained cock that grew stiff in my
mouth.  They pulled out and apologized for getting erect.
     Wendy, the nurse, paid me a visit on the sixth day.  She
visited me alone and we made love.   Afterwards, she stood by the
bed stroking my face and said, "You know what this is all about,
don't you?"
     "Yes, I knew from the first night.  I spotted the cameras,
also.  Tell Walter I'm not upset; I understand."
     "He'll appreciate that.  He has been a bit concerned.  He's
really a great guy, Ann.  He will marry you after this is over if
you still want him."
     "I think I might.  I'm surprised he hasn't come in here."
     "He won't, not until the month is up.  The boys haven't
discovered your secrets have they?"
     "You mean, am I responding to their conditioning, no!"
     "I wish I could help, but my part is over.  Walter wants
this to evolve naturally or not at all.  He feels certain that
they'll figure it out, or you will take the initiative.  I
wonder.  I noticed that you've dropped some not-too-subtle
hints."
     "I suppose he has everything on tape."
     "Yes, from every angle.  There's more than three cameras,
Ann.  You're already quite a celebrity.  Twenty people were
gathered at Dr. Greendale's last night.  He is a real doctor, by
the way."
     "Are you a real nurse?"
     "No, and I'll forgive that sexist remark.  I'm an
obstetrician, thank you very much."
     "Sorry, I should have guessed."
     "That's all right.  I hardly believe it myself.  Actually,
I'm a first year resident.  Look, I have to go.  I'll just say
one more thing.  Walter wants this to work very badly.  If you
plan to marry him, think about giving him the wife he wants."
     "You mean a wife that is a sex slave to her children."
     "Yes, but not just to her children, to anyone Walter likes."
     "That doesn't surprise me too much.  I'll think about it."
     She walked to the door and paused to blow me a kiss, saying,
"You do that, lover.  Take your medicine and get well."
     I thought long and hard about what she said and had mixed
feelings.  My horniness grew over the next two days.  Jason sat
with me after giving me a thorough sponge bath.  After a long
silence, he said, "This isn't working, is it?"
     I looked to him and said, "No.  I appreciate how hard you
guys are trying, and I don't blame you one bit for what you're
trying to do."
     "How come it ain't working?"
     "I'm sure not going to tell you.  That's like asking the
condemned man to hang himself."
     "Okay, but just tell me this.  Is there a way?"
     "Yes."
     "No shit!  You mean if we do it right, you'd be like a sex
slave for us?"
     "If you did everything just right; yes, I can see that
happening."
     I felt as though I'd said too much already.  I could see the
wheels turning as he paced back and forth.  He said, "Greg said
you sucked his cock after he gave you a drink.  Is that true?"
     "I was extra thirsty.  I thought he was holding back."
     "Bullshit!  You're lying.  You like sucking our dicks, don't
you?"
     "It's better than drinking from the mug, yes."
     "You know what I think?  I think you want to be our sex
slave."
     "Wishful thinking, Jason."
     "Look, if there's a way, you better tell me.  I can't take
much more of this.  If it doesn't look like we'll win, I'm just
going to take what I want while I can and let the chips fall
where they may."
     "That's always been your option, but if you rape me or hurt
me I'll never forgive you."
     "Being nice doesn't help, maybe being mean will.  Is that
what you want, someone to knock you around and take charge?"
     "That is not what I want, Jason.  I'm warning you.  I'll be
cured and out of here in three weeks.  You mess with me and I'll
toss your young ass out into the street.  You can go live with
your father, if you can find him." 
     This stern warning cooled his heels.  He turned his back on
me with folded arms and locked jaws.  I let him stew for a
moment, then said, "Jason, I'm getting a little thirsty."
     He turned slowly with a curious smile forming.  He studied
my expression for a few moments, then said, "I'm not sure I need
to go.  Greg and Arthur are out playing somewhere.  You want me
to pull out my dick and let you suck on it?"  With a leering
grin, he said, "If you suck real hard, maybe you can nurse a
trickle out of it."
     I forced back a smile, trying to remain serious.  I said,
"If you think it might help."
     Jason opened his pants and stood on the footstool for that
purpose.  He shoved his cock out and I leaned toward it.  I
captured the flaccid but swelling cock in my mouth and began
nursing like a baby sucking a nipple.  I could tell he was
holding back.  When they try to piss, I can feel the muscles
relax.  His cock grew steadily larger until I was sucking on a
fully erect cock.  I continued sucking while he gazed down from
his superior position, hands on hips, smiling.  He said, "I can't
pee with a fuckin' hardon, Mom.  If you want my piss that bad,
you have to make it soft.  You know how, don't you?"
     I held his dick in my mouth and looked up.  His big grin was
precious.  I nodded and began a sucking pumping bob.  He
encouraged, "That's it Mother, suck my pecker!  I'm going to cum
in your mouth."
     I sucked with greater urgency as his vile invectives
increased.  The more names he called me, the harder I sucked.  My
lips were bouncing off his pubic hair as he called me a
cock-sucking, piss-drinking whore.  When his cock began spewing
forth his rich cream, I began nursing once again.  When the last
dribble oozed out, I let up on the lip pressure and let him
shrink.  He relaxed and gave a short squirt of piss.   I sucked
it down, then waited for more.  He gave me another long squirt,
filling my mouth.  Though I wasn't at all thirsty, I acted like
he was giving me life-sustaining nourishment.  He dragged the
scene out for several long minutes, then told me he was empty.  I
gave his cock a long reluctant parting suck, then pulled free and
said, "Thank you, dear.  I guess I was thirstier than I thought."
     He zipped up and stepped down, smiling at me all the while. 
He wandered about the room for a while, thinking.  He came over
and said, "You like sucking our cocks, don't you?"
     "Most normal females like performing fellatio, yes."
     "Yeah, but you really like it because we're your sons, huh?"
     "Jason, in my current situation, a cock is a cock.  It's
been over a week since I've had an orgasm.  I am getting a little
sexually frustrated."
     "I can just imagine you are.  A whore like you needs fucking
every day, twice a day, three times, maybe ten, huh?"
     "Come on, Jason, you don't need to rub it in."  Jason
grabbed the controller and I began rising free of the bed.  "What
are you doing?  Put me down."
     He stopped only when the framework was at its maximum and my
back was eighteen inches clear of the bed.  He placed the wading
pool beneath me and took the water wand and climbed up and knelt
between my legs.  He grasped the bottle locked in my anus then
twisted and pulled.  It came out and a couple of cups of
unabsorbed coffee poured out and into the pool.  I could feel
cool air enter my colon.  My sphincter no longer contracted and I
knew he could see easily far into my empty colon.  He adjusted
the wand to pulse and shot directly into my bowels.  It was a
deliciously wicked sensation and I moaned.  The pulsing jets ran
up my slit and danced over my throbbing clit.  My loins squirmed
in lewd acceptance.  He taunted, "Feels nice, huh?"
     "Yes, keep doing that, sweetheart.  Oh yes, on my clit,
honey."
     He would not hold the pulse on my clit but used it in a
teasing manner, bringing me to the brink, then backing off.  He
repeated this over and over until I was a mass of squirming,
begging excited tissue.  I pleaded for release, but he ignored my
pathetic pleas.  After ten minutes or so, he set the wand down
and leaned up over my lower abdomen, resting his forearms on my
mound.  He smiled a victor's smile and said, "You scratch my back
and I'll scratch yours."
     I raised a passion racked head up and looked into his
mischievous eyes.  I said, "I already scratched your back, or did
you forget already?"
     "You did that for you.  You tell me how to make you our sex
slave and I'll get you off."
     "Jason, I can't.  Please!"
     "All right.  Just give me a hint."
     My head fell back.  I thought hard.  I needed to cum so
badly.  I lifted my head and said, "Okay, you win.  I'll give you
a hint.  You know from hearing my sexual history that I've never
done anything with another woman.  Wendy changed me.  She turned
me bisexual.  She knew how."
     I could see him pondering this admission with a wry smile. 
He said, "So you're a real cunt-lapper now, huh?"
     "Yes, couldn't you tell."
     "Yes, but I like hearing you admit it.  Hey, I could get
Sherry up here for you.  Would you like to lick my girlfriend's
cunt?  She'd let you."
     "Please, don't bring anyone in here, especially not Sherry."
     "Why, don't you think she's cute.  She thinks you're cute. 
She's always telling me what a sexy mom I have."
     "Jason, I'm serious.   Don't you dare bring her in here. 
This will freak her out."
     "You don't know Sherry very well."
     He picked up the water wand, set the pulse, and peppered my
pussy, taunting me about eating Sherry's pussy.  He soon had me
writhing and moaning.  In less than a minute, I came gloriously. 
He set the wand down and climbed off the bed.  My head lolled
from my shoulders as I slowly returned to the mattress.  When the
weight of my body came fully to rest on the mattress, he began
drawing the ropes free of the rings.  He rolled me to my right
side then pulled and tugged at my casts until I was in an all
fours posture in the middle of the bed.  This was the first time
in over a week that I'd been free of the ropes and facing the
mattress.  It was an odd sensation.  I looked over my shoulder as
he adjusted my leg casts out to their fullest, placing my knees
near the edges of the bed.  I said, "What are you up to?"
     "I'm going to get me some pussy before it's too late.  I've
always wanted to fuck you, Mother."
     "What do you mean, before its too late."
     "I think I know how Wendy did it.  You are as good as a
slave right now, bitch.  Before this treatment is over, your
pussy won't be good for fucking by anything smaller than a
fuckin' horse.  I figure I better get some now, or forget it."
     Before I had time to reply, I felt Jason's six-inch rod
poking my opening.  He slid in easily and gripped me by the hips,
saying, "Aaah, Yes, sweet Momma's pussy at last.  This may not be
doing much for you, but I'm digging it."
     He was wrong; I loved it.  Of course, I probably would have
loved any cock at that point, but there was something special
about having a cock I gave birth to returning home.  I took the
fucking in silence, and moaned into the mattress as he pumped his
seed into me.
     When he pulled out he gave my ass a sound slap and climbed
down from the bed.  He took my ropes and tied them to eyebolts in
the wall, spread-eagleing me on my stomach.  This was also new to
me.  I watched him scrubbing his right arm clear to his arm pit
and my anxiety rose.  I said, "Don't even think about putting
that in my vagina, Jason."  He just looked over and smiled.  
     It wasn't my pussy he was interested in.  He came up along
my left side and leaned over my ass.  Without having rinsed the
soap off he shoved his hand right up my backside.  I groaned,
though his hand was actually smaller than the bottle.  He had no
trouble getting in and was easily in up to his elbow before I
knew what hit me.  I could feel his hand way up inside me, and it
felt strangely marvelous.  I said nothing, only groaned, as he
eased in more, feeling his way along my colon walls.  It felt
like a python had crawled up my ass.  He was in to his triceps
and still going.   I could feel him moving my guts about.  I felt
pressure on my stomach and my breathing was difficult as his hand
interfered with the free movement of my diaphragm.  I took
shallow, panting breaths as he went in further.  I felt his
shoulder touch my ass cheek and cried, "Oh Jesus!  Is your arm
all the way inside me?"
     "Fuckin 'A' it is, right up to the pits.  Sherry's going to
really get off on this.  Shit, I can feel your heart beating."
     "Honey, please!  Bend your elbow.  You're interfering with
my diaphragm; I can't breathe."
     "Sorry, is this better?"
     "Yes, much better."
     "Man, I'll bet Sherry can get most of her leg up your ass,
as tiny as she is.  Would you like that, Mother?  Would you like
Sherry's sexy leg up your ass?"
     God, that image had me thinking and dreaming.  Sherry isn't
quite fourteen, but doesn't look over twelve.  She has a fully
developed body that she loves to flaunt.  Half the time the
little tart doesn't even wear panties.  I can't tell you how many
times I've caught her shooting bare beavers.  She doesn't even
bother to stop when I enter the room.  If that weren't enough,
Jason adds to the spectacle by fingering her for my benefit.  I
always found those scenes wildly erotic and never interfered. 
He's been fucking her for six months.  I've been treated to that
scene often enough also.  So when Jason made the lewd suggestion,
I said, "What does it matter what I like?"
     "That's right.  It doesn't.  I'll use you any way I like,
and you know it, don't you?"
     "Yes."
     "You already know you're going to lose, don't you?"
     I took a deep breath as his hand drew out several inches.  I
said, "Yes!"  He shoved it back in fully and I gasped.
     "You're going to let Sherry squat over your mouth and piss,
aren't you?"
     "Yes!"
     "You'll let her piss into your open mouth, then follow that
stream to the source and suck the rest right out of her piss
hole, huh?"
     "Yes, Oh God, yes!"
     Jason drew his arm from my ass and wiped it clean with a
hand towel.  He came up along my left side and smiled, saying,
"You are an incredible slut, Mother."
     All I could do was stare blankly into his face.  He touched
my nose and said, "You better do a good job on Sherry.  I'm
bringing her by tonight."
     I just stared dumbly as his fingers traced my lips.  He left
the room shortly after that and left me to ponder my new
situation.  I drew in a deep breath and let out a long sigh.  I
was fucked, and knew it.
     Prior to leaving, Jason returned me to my usual position: on
my back with the ropes running through the eyebolts in the ends
of my casts.  Since the ropes ran through rings on the frame's
rim, my arms and legs were out wide.  With my arms and legs set
in casts at ninety degree bends, I looked like a dead bug.  
     I had several hours to myself.  I thought about the
predicament I was in.  I saw no way out, at least not while the
treatment was going on, and it was due to last three more weeks. 
Three weeks of drinking piss and eating sperm-laden baby food
while totally helpless.  On top of that, my casts made me itch
terribly.  
     I thought about my ass and bowels.  After three weeks of
constant high colonic enemas, keeping those bottles in my ass, 
and taking arms and legs up my rear, I doubted that I'd ever
function normally again.  I doubted that my sphincter could ever
retract.  I wondered what it would be like to have a wide open
ass all the time.  I'd needed a stopper of some sort, a
big one.  And my vagina, what would it look like after constant
fist fucking.  Would my sex lips droop to my knees?  Would I ever
get pleasure from a simple cock again?  Were they trying to turn
me into some kind of circus freak?  Were me and my sons being
conditioned to provide amusement to Walter Quintana and his
bizarre friends?  The possibilities were both frightening and
exciting.
     I fantasized about life married to Walter and as a sex slave
to my three horny kids.  I new he'd love seeing me at their
sexual beck and call.  Would they tire of the novelty of fist
fucking my cunt, or arm fucking my ass?  I knew they'd never tire
of blow jobs or using me as a urinal.  Drinking piss, living off
it, in fact, now that was a novel idea.  I must admit that it's
not bad once you get used to it.  Drinking it warm, right from
the body is much better than cold from a mug.  If it truly was as
healthy as they said, I could adjust.  I knew Walter would find
endless hours of amusement watching me drink from my sons' cocks.
     What would dinners be like?  And then, there was Sherry -
cute, adorable, provocative Sherry.  Visions of her youthful
pussy filled my imagination ever since Jason threatened to bring
her over.  I knew the little minx would love seeing me trussed
naked and vulnerable like this.  She would not hesitate to add to
my humiliation.  She'd hop right up on the bed and squat on my
head, grinding her delicious little slimy twat all over my face. 
Oh yes, and she would piss, piss in my mouth, on my face, on my
tits.  She'd probably press her cunt against mine and piss in it.
And would she actually try to enter my ass with her leg, pointing
her little painted toes and shoving her foot inside me, twisting
and pushing until her knee went in past my hole.  Yes, of course
she would.  Jason would insist.
     What was keeping them, I wondered.  Someone should be with
me.  It wasn't like them to all go off and leave me alone for so
long.  It was time for another enema.  I was due for a feeding. 
I was getting thirsty.  Besides, I needed to piss.  I'd never
called out before.  It was the only way.  I yelled out, "Hey!  Is
anybody out there?  Hey!  I have to pee, damnit!"
     A few minutes later, Greg popped his head in the door and
said, "Can you just wait fifteen minutes?  Me and Arthur are
watching Scoobie Doo."
     "Where's Jason?"
     "I don't know, probably over at Sherry's.  He has a car now.
He's always at Sherry's."
     "All right, but right after Scoobie Doo, I'm going to need
some attention."
     Damn! I thought.  I need professional help.  My kids were
already getting bored with me and the game.  Fifteen minutes
later, they proved me wrong.  I got more attention than I wanted.
Jason had obviously had a chance to talk to them before leaving. 
They walked in and stripped.  While Greg deftly inserted the
catheter and drained my bladder, Arthur sat on my chest squirting
pee into my mouth.  After pissing, he demanded a blow job.  Greg
was next.  Greg fucked me while I blew his brother.  After they
came, they switched.  After they'd cum twice, they both wanted to
arm fuck my ass, and did.  
     After playing with my body for an hour, they got serious and
administered my enema.  My ass drank down the quart of coffee. 
The thick bottle plugging my butt actually felt good.  I liked
the position they put me in to receive it.  They pulled the leg
ropes until my feet touched the rail, lifting my ass high.  I
rested on my shoulder blades with my ass sticking straight up. 
With my chin tucked into my chest, I got a good look at the
insertion of the bottle.  I watched my ass gulp the coffee and
felt the fluid pour down my colon walls.  While this was going
on, the boys spoon fed me and played with my tits.  The treatment
must have been working, because I was feeling much better.  The
baby food even tasted better.
     After my ass consumed the bottle's contents, I was lowered
to the bed.  I slept after they left.  I awoke when Jason entered
the room, leading a smiling Sherry.  I couldn't help but blush as
she came to stand at the foot of the bed, staring up between my
parted legs at my naked pussy and at that bottle still imbedded
in my ass.  Greg and Arthur followed them in.  She said, "Man,
this is too much.  I thought you were bull-shitting me, Jason. 
Wow, this is great!"
     Jason said, "This is nothing.  Wait till you see her drink."
He obviously hadn't told her everything.  I wondered if he told
her he had fucked me.
     She leaned over the end of the bed and reached out for my
pussy.  She cupped my sex then entered me with three fingers,
saying, "So, you finally got to fuck mommy's pussy.  Did you feel
anything, Jason?  Shit, this must be the biggest cunt in the
world.  I'll bet I can get my whole hand up there.  I can feel
the bottle.  This is so weird."
     Jason said to Greg and Arthur, "You guys fuck her yet?" 
They both nodded.  Jason turned to Sherry and said, "Go ahead. 
Your hand will be a good one to start with.  You better pull the
bottle out of her ass, though."
     I groaned as Sherry yanked the bottle from my butt.  I
groaned as she pursed her fingers together and pushed in hard at
my vaginal opening.  Her hand went in gradually.  I grit my teeth
and strained as the widest part went past my ring of muscle. 
Once inside, she balled her fist.  My cunt gripped her wrist as
Sherry exclaimed, "Un-fucking real.  Look at this.  I'll bet she
could fuck a horse."  With that, Sherry began a fucking motion
that instantly felt marvelous until she started fucking hard,
actually punching my womb, jarring my whole body.  Jason urged
her on above my protests.  I reached a climax above my protests. 
Sherry drew out and wiped her slimy hand on my inner thighs.  I
could feel my cunt gaping open, allowing cool air deep inside.
     Jason placed two folded towels under my head and shoulders,
then mounted the footstool, freeing his cock.  He said, "Watch
this, Sherry."  
     Knowing what was coming, I turned my head and waited.  Jason
aimed his limp cock at my face, grunted, then released a
stream of piss that splashed off my cheek.  I turned toward the
stream and captured the stream in my wide open mouth.  I
swallowed hard and fast while straining to close the gap.  Jason
met me half way and my mouth engulfed his member.  I nursed and
heard Sherry exclaim, "Holy shit!"
     "This is the only fluid she's allowed to have, piss."
     "No shit!  That's all she drinks?"
     "Yeah, anything else might react with the medicine.  Piss is
sterile; did you know that?"
     "Who cares.  Hurry up, I want a turn."
     Sherry was busy stripping out of her clothes.  Greg and
Arthur followed suit.  Jason finished and drew away, allowing
Sherry to mount the bed.  She climbed up and sat on my chest,
grinning at me with her feet by my ears.  She spread her cunt
lips and said, "Open wide Mrs. Miller."
     Her flow started at once, drenching my face.  I sputtered
and coughed trying to capture her amber stream.  She laughed and
made it difficult.  I raised my head, trying to get my mouth
close to her piss hole.  The little darling moved her cunt to my
mouth but cut her flow.  I fastened my sucking mouth to her piss
hole and sucked.  Sherry giggled, then gave a quick squirt.  She
got up on her feet and squatted over my face, waving her pussy
all around.  I followed, trying to maintain the exciting contact.
     The boys peered in from every angle, taunting me.  Sherry
smeared her cunt juices all over my face then settled to rocking
her slit over my mouth and nose.  I kept my tongue fully
extended, plowing through her moist furrow.  She teased, "There's
lots of Jason's sperm in there.  You like it, don't you?"
     Instead of answering, I stabbed my tongue up her hole and
rimmed her out.  She eased up and positioned her piss hole
directly over my out-reaching tongue.  She let her piss dribble
onto my tongue tip and into my mouth.
     After she finished amusing herself, Jason asked her if she'd
like to leg fuck my ass.  She looked delighted and scurried down
to my ass.  The boys washed her right leg, trimmed and buffed her
toe nails, then gathered for the show.  Sherry gently pointed her
toes at my slightly elevated gaping asshole.  I strained to
watch.  Her foot entered me with surprising ease.  She gently
took possession of my colon by slowly gaining entry.  When her
calf passed my sphincter, I could feel intense pressure on my
diaphragm.  I groaned and gasped for breath.  I could feel her
wiggling her toes in my guts.  Jason warned her of my breathing
problem.  She arched her foot back and gave relief.  This also
allowed her to get in past the knee.
     While lying on her back with her leg up my ass, she beckoned
my son to mount her.  Jason wasted no time and climbed over my
body.  I watched him insert his cock in her delightful pussy,
then watched my son's balls bounce against her ass.  I sucked on
his big toe while he screwed his little girlfriend.  
     Greg and Arthur were not idle.  Greg came up and fed me his
cock while Arthur amused himself with my titties.  We had a real
orgy of fuck lust going on until Sherry came and shoved her
buried foot hard against my diaphram.  She expelled the air from
my lungs in a whoosh.  I gasped for air while she went through
her orgasmic convulsions.  I was turning blue before she relaxed
and eased her leg out.
     Sherry crawled up over me facing me pussy and bringing her
sperm drooling cunt to my face.  I fastened my mouth to her hole
and sucked revenously while she giggled, wiggled, and toyed with
my pussy.  While in this position, she invited Greg and Arthur to
fuck her.  I mouthed their genitals as they did.
     After Arthur deposited his load in Sherry's cunt, Sherry got
up and sat on my upper chest, scooting her pussy up to my
slavishly sucking lips.  She sat casually with her legs drawn up
and her arms resting on her knees, watching me lick her cunt. 
She said, "I'm moving in with you guys.  Walter invited me, and
Mom said I could.  Me and Jason are going to get married some
day.  Jason said he's going to give you to me for a wedding
present.  We're taking you on our honeymoon."
     I looked up and smiled.  I said, "I think that's wonderful,
Sherry."
     Wendy came to visit me the next morning.  She looked
pleased.  She told me that if I continued to show improvement, I
might experience a miraculous recovery.  She winked, blew a kiss,
and left.
     I gave them their rapid recovery.  I became a raging bed-
bound, son-loving, cunt sucking slut.  I was insatiable.  I made
vows and declarations of my sexual servitude.  I even signed
contracts.  I had a miraculous recovery two weeks early.
     I have been married to Walter for two years now.  I am
everything he has always wanted in a wife.  I am also everything
my sons always wanted in a mother.  Sherry and Jason get married
next week.  We're going to Cancun.            
     
                        THE END
