                       Treasures of the Deep


It was a hot day in July, out on the Cape. I had come out for a week 
along with my family, taking time off work. I certainly had needed a 
vacation. I was beginning to think I was going to go insane, sitting 
in my little cubicle, answering the phone, deciphering computer problems, 
staring at the amber letters on my screen, getting migraines... I 
don't know how people can stand long-term office jobs without developing 
a mental illness. I had decided on the drive down that I was going to 
quit and find something else to do to earn my paltry check. Maybe just 
go volunteer on some archaeological dig in an exotic foreign country, 
sleep in a tent, not take showers, turn dark brown in the sun, discover 
a king's tomb... 

I stared up at the sun as I floated in the frigid Atlantic water. I had 
been swimming in the ocean since I was very young. The cold only bothered 
me for the first five minutes, then I went numb and enjoyed it. In the 
past, my mother had had to come in and drag me out because she could 
see my lips and face were turning purple. Something about the water just 
soothed me. I could play in it for hours, tasting the salt on my lips, 
rocking back and forth as the waves passed. I had just bought a scuba 
mask and snorkel, thinking it would be cool to find a few decent shells or 
sand dollars. Right now they were hanging off my head as I lay on my 
back. 

The sun was very warm. I closed my eyes and took a few deep breathes. 
I was feeling sleepy from my position and the heat on my face. I knew 
I had to be careful to stay awake, since this beach was not guarded, 
and the undertow off the Cape was notoriously strong. This ran through 
my head, then I sighed, and let my arms stretch out. The next time I 
opened my eyes, the first thing I noticed was that I couldn't hear 
the noises from the beach. I flipped up and stared at... water, in all 
directions. 

"Fuck!" I yelled. Not the most intelligent assessment of my situation, 
but honest. Wonderful job, I told myself as I turned around in the 
water. Let's see, had to be able to see something from here. Calm 
down. I looked up at the sun. It had settled a little further down in 
the sky, heading towards the west. Ok, so I had to swim away from it, 
going east. I was bound to hit beach sooner or later. As I started a 
leisurely crawl, I regretted not being in as good shape as I could have 
been. But I could always float when I got tired, then start again in a 
few minutes. 

As I swam, I felt the beginnings of panic. You're going to be out here 
until nightfall. You might miss the beach. Might be swimming a very 
long time. Might... Damn it. I shut it out, and concentrated on breathing.  
My arms sliced through the water easily, and I was pleased with how 
my body flowed through it. I hoped I could keep this up. 

Time passed, the sun sank further down. It started to get cold out. I 
was beginning to feel chilled. Without the sun shining, the water was 
going to become unpleasant. My muscles were aching, and I felt a faint 
twinge as a cramp threatened. I stopped and started to massage my 
calves. Cramps were the worst. They were almost impossible to get out 
while you were swimming, and harder if you were swimming in cold water. 

The salt had coated my hair and lips, and I felt it stinging my mouth. 
If I didn't get in tonight, I was going to be one red loser. And a 
thirsty one too. At this point, I heartily insulted my carelessness 
and stupidity. Didn't get me anywhere though. 

Water, water, water. It got boring to look at after a while. As the sun 
set, it sent out brilliant colors over the surface, red, orange, purple. 
I had a hard time appreciating it, knowing how cold I was going to be in 
an hour. It sank, its red rim disappearing beyond the dark horizon. 
Reflections of light glowed in the sky for a while, then twilight set in. 
A few stars come out, Venus brilliantly shining above me. The sky turned 
dark blue, then eventually black. 

Now I was scared. Honestly quite afraid of not making it back. I was still 
swimming, though not half as fitfully as I was when I started out. 
Maybe I'd have a bizarre stroke of luck and a life preserver would float 
by. Or a boat. Or land. 

Too bad I hadn't come with my family to the beach. Too bad had to be 
one of the bigger understatements I'd made in my lifetime. I had told them 
I'd go out in the afternoon for shopping, and be back for dinner. I 
had gotten back from cruising the stores, dropped off my bags, and grabbed 
my bathing suit on the way out. I hoped they had noticed it was missing. 
What had been the first rule I learned as a swimmer? Always go with 
someone. I had obviously failed survival thinking. Thinking as an 
anthropologist, I decided I was a good case of selective evolution in action. 

I started to cry. The ocean didn't notice. 

The stars watched this drama blankly. I looked up at them after having 
cried as much as I could. Thousands... Millions... Billions. The fact that 
I could see them all clearly depressed me even more. No light from 
any town reflected on the few clouds in the sky. I had a perfect view of 
space. 

A couple stars shot over me, leaving afterimages of white trails. 

I was very cold. My teeth chattered as my body shivered in a vain attempt 
to get warm. 

But I kept going until my body gave up. Then I floated. Closed my eyes and 
thought about giant bonfires, and electric blankets, and hot baths. 

I opened my eyes to see a faint pinkness on the edge of the sky. Dawn. 
The pink turned to a yellow, the yellow to a warm gold. I stretched out 
and warmed up dog-paddling. 

The day progressed as yesterday did. I kept having obsessive thoughts of 
what people were doing all over the world... People who weren't stranded 
out in miles of cold salt water. Driving to work with their radios 
blasting, taking showers, rolling over in bed and going back to sleep, 
waking up next to their lovers, getting their children dressed for school, 
eating breakfast... Eating and drinking sent me off on another tangent. 
I pictured a giant silver tray floating in front of me, holding warm 
croissants, deep red strawberry jam, eggs in china cups, and a huge 
crystal goblet holding sweet orange juice. I would happily murder someone 
right now if they promised me something besides salt water to drink. 

The sun was above me now. I felt my lips burning. Salt water skimmed 
over them. I didn't notice after a while. The thought occurred to me 
suddenly that they were bleeding. I tasted it on my tongue. Oh shit. 
Blood. Sharks. Oh shit. 

Now I really was panicked, and I couldn't think of anything sufficiently 
calming. Except that it would hopefully be a quick death. Though painful. 
That didn't help much. 

I continued swimming mechanically, even though my mind was frozen. I 
was just waiting to feel the first caress of a fin on my legs. 

I didn't have to wait long. My heart stopped, my breathing stopped, my 
thinking stopped, I stopped. I heard a splash next to me and slowly 
turned my head to see my worst fear. A dark grey fin rising up out 
of the water like a submarine scope. I knew it had to be connected to 
something. Something big. With big teeth. 

If I had any sense of humor left at that point, I would've hoped I'd 
taste horrible and give it gas. That would be my only defense. 

Suddenly there was a huge frothing spray in my face. I kicked back, 
expecting to have my leg bitten off at any moment. The water churned 
in front of me, white caps floating off next to me. I couldn't see 
what was going on. Were two sharks attacking each other over me, in 
some kind of bloodlust? 

I decided finding out was not my best option, and I started frantically 
swimming in the other direction. 

I was gasping and kicking insanely, almost coming out of the water in 
terror. That's when I felt it. A hand, encircling my ankle. 

I screamed and lashed out at whatever it was. I had nightmarish visions 
of grasping corpses, half eaten by fish. I was still yelling when she 
came out of the water. 

Silence. I stared. Impossible. I blinked. Sarah, you have truly gone 
mad. Too bad really, because she was beautiful. 

Calm green eyes regarded me. Long dark red hair streamed down her 
neck and shoulders and out into the water around her. A face the 
color of a clam shell with bluish lips. She was smiling a tiny 
Mona Lisa smile. She wore a necklace of emerald green seaweed, its 
delicate fronds outlined against her impossibly white skin. 

She said something, and lifted a hand out of the water to point back 
towards where I had been. It sounded like "Merr schling potemkey?" 
She was pointing towards the shark. It was dead. Other sharks were 
roiling the water around it. At least I hadn't been their main meal. 
She then drew my attention back with a gesture. 

The sun glinted off the long silver knife she was holding. Its 
edge was jagged and still held bits of shark flesh. Her mouth turned 
into a big grin, showing flawless white teeth. She mimed stabbing and 
laughed. 

I was still too amazed to do anything but stare. My mouth was still 
hanging open. I closed it when I realized it, and tried to act like 
I was really normal, not mad, and was just meeting someone for the first 
time. Being mad, this wasn't too hard to do. 

"Um... Uh...." I stammered. I raised my hand in what I hoped was a 
greeting, and smiled. 

"Hi." 

She looked intently at me, trying to decipher that simple sound. She 
mouthed it, then looked more confused. 

I laughed. I'd had strange dreams before, but this topped them all. I 
couldn't stop though. I was still laughing when she pulled me under. 
For a few seconds, I was too surprised to do anything, then I started 
to struggle. She kept her grip easily and continued to drag me deeper. 
My ears were starting to hurt. I could see her tail smoothly beating 
the water, with a band wrapped around her waist holding a scabbard. 
As we sank further down. I yanked my hand back, and kicked at 
her. My lungs were burning, and I could feel the pressure crushing my 
body. As my foot connected with her tail, it made a sastifying thunk, 
then slipped off the scales. She turned around, and frowned at me. She 
let go of my hand to grab me around the waist. 

I couldn't see her face clearly in the water. My mask and snorkel 
were still floating beside my head, uselessly filled up with water. 
She came closer, pressing up against me. 

Now I could make out her expression. It was surprised and amused. 
She murmured to me then comically sucked in a huge mouthful of 
water, then stuck her palm out, splayed. She couldn't be telling
me to inhale water, could she? I shook my head. She reached out 
and held my face in her hands. Her eyes were next to mine. I saw 
the intelligence in them, and sympathy. 

She backed off, still holding me. I had to do something soon. Either 
get to the surface in a few seconds, or drown. Her hand was like 
iron around my wrist. 

I inhaled. It was horrible, horrible... I choked, I gasped, I drank 
in more water, beat against her, my eyes wide open, feeling myself 
drowning. The terror inflamed me to kick up away from her. As I did, 
I felt my mind closing. Then it shut off, like a lamp. 

I was thinking heaven was an awfully dark place, and shouldn't it 
be lighter, when I felt lips on mine. She was kissing me, breathing 
into my mouth, dragging her hands over my eyes. I opened them under 
her fingers, and looked at her. I could see her, clearly. Her hair 
floated against my face, tickling my forehead. Then I realized I was 
breathing and I wasn't dead. I don't know how, and I didn't think 
to ask. I just reveled in it. 

I let my arms slowly come up around her. She retreated and looked down 
at me. No wonder the Greeks had dashed themselves on rocks to be with 
her sisters. It was a beauty that made death appealing. 

She pressed her body against mine and squirmed. Her heavy, muscular tail 
writhed between my legs as she embraced me. I brought her face down to 
mine and kissed her. Her lips were cold, but inside her mouth, I felt
warmth. She bit down lightly on my lower lip, and began a slow gyration 
against me. My suit rubbed against her scales, dragging on them. She 
reached down and coyly pulled one strap off, then the other. I had lost 
the mask and snorkel somewhere... Not that I needed them anymore. 
Her hand lingered on my shoulder, stroking it, then ran up to my neck 
and hair. She dragged my head back, and started to bite my neck in 
earnest as she stripped off the suit. 

I groaned, and pressed my hips to hers after she had let the bit of 
cloth float away. She rhythmically pressed herself against my clit as 
she bit me. I felt the stirrings of an orgasm, and closed my eyes in 
bliss. Running my hands down her body, I felt the strange transition 
from soft skin to crisp scales. I wondered if she had a sex. She must, 
I told myself, with her acting like this... 

"Mmmm..." I sighed. She had dropped off her pace, and was now rolling 
a nipple between her fingers. I reached down to return the favor, and 
found hers as they rubbed against mine. She arched back as I pinched 
one, then I smiled, and bent to suck it into my mouth. Her hands come up 
to grasp my head, twining in my hair. I slowly flicked my tongue over 
one, pulling on the other. I felt waves move around me as she beat her 
tail against the water. I lifted her up, and moved myself down her 
body, searching. It wasn't that hard to find actually. I saw a palm-
sized area of darker scales, and touched them. They curved inward, 
towards a dark center, with a lighter colored ridge above the circle. 
I stroked the ridge, dragging my hand over it. She went into a 
convulsion of movement, crushing me to her. 

Squashed against her, I gently slid my index finger into that dark 
spot. It swallowed up my finger up easily. I felt warm muscles caressing 
my skin. I slid in another finger and let the rest of my hand rub 
against her ridge. I could hear her hissing, a high-pitched whisper, 
next to my ear. Her hands were indented into my back, and her head 
rested on my shoulder. She was trembling uncontrollably, jerking 
back and forth on my hand. I wrapped my other arm around her, using 
that as leverage. I started to thrust the two, then three, then 
four fingers into her. She shoke so hard I thought my arm was going 
to break off. She was pulsating around me, wet and very warm. I felt 
myself getting wet. Her breasts rubbed against mine as she danced on 
my hand. I narrowed my fingers, closing them together, with my thumb 
inside, and pushed. With a little resistance, I got my whole hand in. 
I slowly closed it into a fist. She had stopped moving, and was 
quaking against me. I made an exploratory pull outwards, then back in. 
Her nails ripped down my back, and she eagerly pushed back at me. 

With a few more thrusts, I found her slamming past my wrist, then back 
out. I was amazed at how much she could take. I felt my knuckles 
hitting deep inside, and then she clamped down on me. The pressure 
hugged my hand, then released. This repeated, in a slowly dying beat. 
She sagged against me. I could feel her chest heaving as she gasped. 

I held her in my arms, softly stroking her face, as she recovered. 
She gently seperated herself from me with a sastified grin, then 
waving at me, swam off behind a coral bed beside us. I sat there, 
feeling a bit bereft. How sordid. I smiled. 

She was back in a couple minutes, holding a sea sponge. I squinted at 
it. What? 

She pushed me back, and spread my legs. I relaxed and lay back, feeling 
her hands on my thighs. She ran one through my hair there, then 
between the lips. I bit my lip and pressed up to her palm. She ran one 
finger inside, then out, down further, and slid it in, letting 
another fill my cunt. Her two fingers massaged me, thinly seperated. 
As if this wasn't enough, she used her other hand to drag the sponge 
over my clit. The soft friction of it was amazing. She gently increased 
her tempo and pressure. I went from feeling warm and heavy to 
feeling the first tentative waves of pleasure. These built up... and 
up. Her mouth replaced the sponge, warmly licking me and sucking. 
Feathery tendrils of red drifted against my thighs, feeling like faint 
fingers. She was a master at technique. I shivered, feeling water 
washing into my lungs as I dragged in breath. It was like my entire 
body was being caressed, inside and out. She changed to a fast 
beat, her tongue flashing against me. I stiffened, and let my mind be 
carried away. The orgasm was incredibly strong, followed by several 
more smaller ones. I was left lying limply on the sand, only 
vaguely aware of her presence, until she wrapped herself around me. 

Holding her, tasting her lips, I knew that my life was over in the 
air. I wouldn't miss it at all. 



                              The End 
