treylisa.txt

         Trey sighed.  It had been a long, hard day - week, in fact.  Lisa
     nestled in his lap, her face buried in his neck and shoulder as she
     floated somewhere in the soft and fluffy world their cuddling often
     generated for her.  She had some time ago softly moved herself onto
     his lap, pushed her skirt up and behind her, then, moving her legs far
     apart, gently pushed his two middle fingers up inside her.  She tugged
     her pussylips wide apart until they were taut, pink and shiny with the
     strain of stretching, then closed the heel of his hand upon it, his
     fingers still inside her.  She closed her thighs tightly and trapped
     his hand within her, gently rolling his hand with her movements,
     fondling him as she freed him from his clothing.  She particularly 
     loved the long, gentle lovemaking that began this way - he moving 
     his hands inside her vagina, clenching and unclenching his hand upon 
     her clitoris as she rolled her thighs back and forth, controlling 
     both the movements and the pressure of his fingers inside her and 
     his hand upon her.

         Gently she stroked him - slowly, softly.  It would not do to bring
     him on too fast.  Dimly, lost in the mists of her own pleasure, she
     was aware,to a surprising degree of the intensity of his arousal -
     and careful not to push him over the brink, either pysically or
     psychologically.  She loved his hands upon her, and in her.  She loved
     to fondle him - and could float this way for hours.

         Her belly rolled visibly.  She  dripped with wetness, as
     the movement of his fingers made soft sucking sounds, swirling,
     slowly circling inside her cunt.  She gasped as he crooked the
     first joints of his fingers and slowly pressed them outward in a
     circle just barely inside the sphincter of her cunt.  She spasmed and
     shuddered as she came.  Her nipples stood erect and puckered, an inch
     long at least, as his left hand curled around her and began to tease
     them, pulling and plucking, twisting and kneading, pressing and
     squeezing...

         She had  come   that way several times in the past hour - each
     time her cunt grasping firmly at his fingers and pulling them up even
     deeper inside her.  But her arousal grew in intensity with each
     orgasm.  Somewhere deep inside her was a primal gnawing, a hunger for
     him and his seed that would not be denied.

         Careful not to move his fingers out of her, she sat erect, and 
     swung her legs to straddle him as she opened his shirt and pulled
     it off of him.  Finally she took him by his cock, and pulled
     him gently erect, legs spread wide for him to more easily retain his
     hold upon her, and tenderly tugged him down to the floor.  Again
     straddling him, this time with her backside facing him so he could
     continue to probe her cunt and play with her pussy, she bent carefully
     forward to drag her nipples along his abdomen as she pulled away his
     trousers and his underwear.  That done, she proceeded to lubricate him
     carefully, taking him slowly into her mouth, inch by careful inch,
     each bob of her head moving him more deeply into her throat until the
     final bob placed her so deeply around him her nose was buried in his
     sac and her lower lip rested on the hard bone that underlay the soft
     flesh surrounding the base of his cock.  She began to swallow, then to
     bob, swallow, bob, swallow, bob, her fingers lightly scratching his
     balls and the perineum that lay at the base of his pelvis.  From time
     to time she lifted high enough to breath, licking swiftly at the tip
     of his cock, rimming the head with a flickering tongue, her teeth
     lightly raking up and down the tender, swollen head.  She pressed the
     tip of her tongue into the opening that leaked his seminal fluid,
     lapping contentedly at the liquid she found there, plunging
     suddenly the full length of his shaft until he was firmly
     embedded once again within her mouth and throat.  She resumed her
     sucking, swallowing motions.  He was arching and thrusting into
     her throat, moaning.  But it was not yet the time...

         She was reluctant to tear herself from the sweetness that was
     flowing from his hands up into her cunt, shaking her belly with
     tremendous spasms, her buttocks clenching and unclenching as she came,
     and came, and came.  His chest was slippery with the juices that had
     dripped from her.  Swiftly she reversed herself, swapping ends with
     such alacrity that her pussy hardly felt the difference in the rhythm
     of the stroke between his fingers and his cock as he pushed deeply
     into her, probing the depths of her womb.  She took a moment or two,
     sitting quite erect, her breasts bouncing as she moved, to position
     him very carefully, so that his cock not only lay within her cunt, but
     pushed gently into her cervix pressing against the top of her
     womb, the feeling of fulness and completion that contact gave her
     threatened to overwhelm her yet again.

     He lifted his knees behind her so that she could lean back a bit,
     laying her weight upon his thighs stretching her pussy so wide it
     seemed the skin would have to tear, as she tilted  her cunt forward
     and up so he could see himself enter her.  Her clitoris stood firm
     and straight, a small errection of her own.  He reached forward and
     began to flick the tip of her clitoris with a finger, lightly - ever
     so lightly; then, reaching to run his fingers around his cock as she
     lifted slightly to pull a little of herself outside her cunt, he wet
     his fingers on her tissue and his cock, grasping her clitoris firmly
     at the base, and beginning slowly to wind it, like a watch.

         She began to pump him in and out of her cunt, carefully
     maintaining the highly visible posture she knew he loved - her thighs
     spraddled as widely as they would go, her pussylips, pinched firmly
     one in each hand, stretched wide and taut so her cunt was clearly
     visible against the background of her shaved pubes (she didn't like
     anything obscuring his view of her, not even her pubic hair...she
     *loved* the look in his eyes when he looked at her..)   Up and down,
     in and out, with each raise of her hips, a bit of her pulled out with
     his cock, and she gradually shifted her hands on her pussy so she
     could hold it wide with the heels of her hands, while she firmly
     grasped and squeezed herself around his
     cock.  She began to hammer her pussy on his pelvis, her moans rising
     in pitch as she rose in tempo.  She had come already half a dozen
     times, but he had not...not yet.  Orgasms she had had aplenty this
     day, but it was not enough.  She needed not just another orgasm, she
     needed *him*...his essence, his substance, that which made him what he
     was...and she began to plead and beg for it, to whimper,  her muscles
     pulling and tugging, sucking and coaxing.  He had for some time now
     been holding her breasts in his hands, kneading and squeezing, her
     long nipples clipped between thumb and hand - as much to keep her
     breasts from aching with the vigor of her humping as she worked
     ever harder, relentlessly compelling him to greater heights of pleasure.

         Her eyes closed, she could feel every nuance of the twitches and
     quirks of his cock's movements within her....she could almost *feel*
     his load mound up preparatory to the rush. "Oh, yes! OH, YES! **OH,
     YES!!! TREY! GIVE IT TO ME...! PLEASE, DARLING! GIVE IT TO ME! I
     *NEED* IT...I ***NEED***...." and as she spoke the word, he erupted
     within her.  A flood of warm, wet, sweet heat washed over her,
     beginning at a tiny, tiny point high up inside her womb.  As his hot
     liquid spread over her insides, so the point expanded, until she felt
     as though she were flying apart - then collapsing back into herself
     with a rush and a roar in her ears that made her head swim, and then
     she simply melted into him.  Disappeared.  There was no longer Trey
     and Lisa...there was only *them*, whatever you chose to name them.
     They were one, again.  Not forever, not even for terribly long - but
     so long as she could hold him there with her, she would.

         She lay down, rolling over, pulling him down upon her, carefully
     tucking her breasts between them that his weight would allow her tiny
     movements to roll her hardened nipples between them.  She lay, once
     again her face nestled in his neck as his fingers and hands roamed
     over her body, her legs spread as widely as she could, her cunt
     pulling him still deeper, massaging him softly, trying to keep
     him firm enough to remain within her as long as she could hold it.
     An hour later they were still there, she, still holding him within
     her, he still cradling her against him...and they slept, her pussy
     sucking softly at his cock...small movements that would have been
     visible from the right vantage point...her fingers still tenderly
     roaming his face and chest, touching, touching, touching, with a
     quiver to them every time they found him once again....and still she
     slept, tears of shared delight dampening the cushion which
     pillowed their heads...a smile drifting lightly on her lips...

