TRICKED

this is  a true story that happened when i was 16 years old and i wanted
to tell you about it. you don't have to believe it if you don't want to
but it's true.
as i said before this happened to me when i was 16 years old. i was
spending the night over at a friends house because his parents were out of
town and he said that he wanted to raise hell.
i had been real surprised that wayne, that was his name, had invited  me.
i mean we were friends but had never really been that close. i  knew i was
gay at the time, having had a few sexual experiences over the summer, but
i had no intention of coming out to either my parents or high school
friends. this was hard for me because i was turned on to a lot of my high
school friends and it was becoming extremely difficult not getting an
erection in the showers. i was especially attracted to wayne, although i
never knew why. he wasn't very handsome, even though from what i saw in
the showers he had an nice sized cock. not large but not  small, and that
was soft, i was dying curiosity as to how big it got when erect.
any way i figured i would probably never find out and figured i would have
a nice time over his house that night just talking and joking around. well
when i got to his house his parents had already left and he greeted me
with two beers in his hand. so for the next few hours we played poker and
drank. we must have gone through about 5 beers each. now i should tell you
that i am a bad drinker meaning that i do not hold my liquor very well, so
after  having 5 beers i was flying.
we decided to stop playing cards for a while and do something else. it had
been funny though, i had actually won about $5 in the penny ante poker we
had been playing, and i had never won in my life, because when it came to
cards i was lousy. we started to wander around the house not knowing what
to do next when all of a sudden he told me he had been sneaking through
his parents room and he had found a couple of porn magazines and he told
me he wanted to show me one of them.
well we went up to his parents room and in one of their closets sure
enough there were a few porno mags. well he took one of them and opened it
to a certain page. in it was a man  fucking a oriental lady, but not in
the cunt but up the ass. when i saw this i couldn't help but feel envy
towards her, having been fucked several times the last summer up the ass
i knew how good it felt and i missed it.
but wayne he was acting like he was shocked. he said he didn't understand
how she could let him do it to her like that, adding that he knew gays did
it because they had no choice if they wanted to fuck each other but why
would she do something so painful when she could be fucked where it was
natural. because i was tipsy and not thinking i blurted out that being
fucked in the ass wasn't painful. wayne turned and looked at me and asked
me how i would know. thinking quickly i said it must not be because the
face of the girl who was getting  it in the picture was smiling and looked
like she liked it. he seemed  to accept this answer and i felt a surge of
relief at the fact i almost gave away a close secret.
he however did not want to drop the subject all together and kept talking
about how painful it must be. during this conversation i drank two more
while he hardly seemed to drink at all even though he was acting real
drunk. i don't know the exact conversation or how it got to this point but
all of a sudden he said if i was willing we should maybe try putting one
of our dicks into the others ass and see if it was painful.
well i was shocked and i couldn't let on that i was also real horny and
was fighting from getting an erection on the spot i said i wasn't sure,
wasn't that queer. he looked at me and said that it was just curiosity and
that all we were going to do is insert it and  not fuck.
i asked who was going to do it to  who. at that he paused and said he of
course did not want a dick in his ass. and i quickly said the same even
though i knew that it wasn't true and i did want his dick in me, still
since i wasn't ready to admit the truth i protested having his cock in me.
he then said that the only fair way to solve this was to play poker and
the loser would of course have his ass invaded , but only for a second he
emphasized. we would each get ten pennies and the person who lost his
first would be the loser. i was rather excited at this. if i won i would
finally put my prick in a guys ass, for although i had been fucked be-
fore i had never fucked someone. on the other hand if i lost not only
would i get to see his hard prick, but i would get it up the ass if only
for a second.
well as we started to play i got real nervous not knowing what was going
to happen and thinking maybe he might find out i was gay and tell everyone
else. well as opposed to before when we played and i won, now when i
really needed the luck it was gone. i lost the first two games and  found
myself with only two more pennies. he told me that we would the next hand
for only 2 pennies so if i won i would be back in the swing and if i lost
he would put his dick in me.
i was starting to shake and when i saw my cards i knew i was done for. i
had nothing and after discarding 3 cards and getting 3 new ones i only.
had a pair of sixes. i showed my cards and he turned over a full house. he
told me to get undressed and lie down down on the bed and he would go get
something to make it easier for his cock to get all the way in my ass. i
was glad he left before i undressed because i was starting to get an
erection and figured by the time he  got back it would be hidden by my
lying on my stomach. i quickly stripped and lay down on my stomach to
hide my growing prick. he came back and shut the bedroom door. as he was
undressing he promised he was just going to put it in and when it was in
all the way take it out again, and then we would maybe go to the movies.
he  said he wouldn't hurt me and that he liked the fact i wasn't hedging
on the deal even though he said he knew i didn't want a prick up my ass.
i looked behind me when he told me he was undressed. his cock was already
hard and was about 8" long and nice and thick. i felt my cock grow harder
while i looked at his dick. he told me he was embarrassed at the fact but
he was looking forward to seeing what this felt like. he slowly mounted my
back and i felt the tip of his dick at the entrance to my ass. it had been
months since i had been fucked last and it was all i could do to keep my
ass from raising up to swallow his manhood.
slowly he started to push his cock deep in me. inch by inch it went in and
i bit my lip to keep from sighing. it did hurt a little, but the hurt was
the fantastic hurt of a big dick in my ass. finally he was in all the way
and he stopped. then with his dick in me he asked me  how it felt. it was
funny but somehow his voice was different. i lied and said that i wanted
him to take his dick out now. he then asked loudly if i wanted his dick
out why was i so hard.
at that moment he reached under me and grabbed my pulsating meat. before
i could say another word he told me that the other day when i went to the
bathroom before class he had picked up a spiral notebook i kept my private
thoughts in and had read it. he told me he had read about how i had had
sex with a lot of guys that summer and that i loved to be fucked.
everything up to that point had been a set up, my winning at cards,d
drinking,and all the other things that happened so far.
i was real scared and losing my  hardon fast. i begged him not to tell
anyone else. he said that all i had to do was give satisfaction whenever
desired and it would be all right. he said he wanted me to have fun too
while i was being fucked and going down on a cock and since he had read in
my own handwriting that this is what i  liked there would be no difficulty
keeping it between us four. i asked him what he meant by four at which
point the door burst open and two of his friends, not from school, came in
laughing and saying he meant them.  he told me that he had told them of my
notes and that he was sure i  wouldn't be satisfied with just one cock,
not after having so many that summer. i was to take care of all three that
night and they would make sure that i enjoyed it. wayne then  said that
since his hard prick was still impaled in me that the first thing that
night would be him riding my ass, and h said he expected me, from what he
read to push back.
well i wasn't sure what to do, i was scared because i would have to take
care of three guys in one evening, and yet at the same time i wanted to do
it so much. so i decided to let them have their way but i would pretend
like they were forcing.
well wayne started to fuck my ass and i just lay there. all of a sudden he
stopped and told me to relax and to start enjoying it. i yelled back that
he could force me but i wasn't going move. all of a sudden he made a
gesture to one of his friends who grabbed my head and held it still. from
the corner of my eyes i saw the other one take a small package out of his
pockets. it was a small dark bottle. poppers! i knew what they were,
having had them under my nose several times that past summer. wayne who
was still on my back with his cock hard and deep in me said he remembered
from what he had read in my notebook about poppers. they held my head and
shoved  the open bottle under my nose. i tried to fight but soon i had
inhaled a few whiffs and started to fly.
the next thing i clearly remember is the sensation of wayne really fucking
me and me fucking back, pushing my ass to meet his cock. oh let me tell
you he knew what he was doing, he went back and forth with such speed it
felt like he was trying to set my ass on fire pretty soon i was up on my
hands and knees and we were doing it dog style. i looked over at the other
two,jamie and kevin, and they had taken off their clothes. kevin had a 6"
cut prick that was the thickest i had ever seen, and jamie s was a little
bigger but not as thick. wayne was now fucking me like there was no
tomorrow, i by this time  realized i had given myself away so just decided
to make the most of this opportunity and i was in heaven. i asked wayne if
he was close and he  yelled back that he wasn't going to end so soon, and
he told jamie to push his cock in my face.
before i knew it jamie's 7" cock was right in front of me and a second
later was down my throat. i had this happen to my once the summer before
and as far as i was concerned there was nothing like it. having a cock in
my  ass and another in my mouth was as close to paradise as i had known.
jamie's cock fit my throat perfectly and i loved going up and down on the
hard prong.
all of a sudden i felt wayne pick up his pace. i felt his cock grow a
little then he started to scream, and i felt the by that time well known
feelings of a cock cumming deep in me. he came and came and came, then
ripped his dick out of my ass and let the last drops of come fall on my
cheeks to  prove to his friends that he had indeed let go of his load up
my ass.
he motioned for kevin to take his place but kevin said he wanted me to do
the work. kevin sat down on the edge of the bed and told me he wanted me
to sit on his dick. i wasn't sure and was getting my inhibitions back but
after another hit of poppers i found myself raising and lowering myself
on his  short fat cock with jamie beside me fucking my face. after about
two  minutes of this i felt jamie start to stiffen and tasted some of his
pre cum and then he released his load. it tasted so good. one minute later
i  started to cum  because i had been  jerking off while the two took
their pleasure.
as i was cumming i felt my ass tighten around kevin's meat and soon he was
moaning and shooting another load up my ass.
this however was only the beginning of the night and i had to put out  a
lot more, but it was worth it.
the next monday at school wayne told me that what had happened was our
secret and i didn't have to be afraid of everyone else knowing what had
happened.
then he told me he was horny and  that during our free period he expected
me to meet him in the restroom to suck him off. i did,but that's another
story.
