Archive-name: 3plus/trilla.txt
Archive-author: Sarah Beth
Archive-title: Trilla


         We're at it again.

         Our resident pansexual taught us something new again today. I'm
     referring, of course, to Trilla, our tiny Trilla, whose hair is frayed
     platinum and whose eyes shame emeralds. What a lustful little bitch she
     is! She has ice cream tits and a heart-shaped mouth. Her cunt is as
     open and free as the Texas sky; her clitoris is as jumpy as a crystal
     freak's spinal cord; and on any day she will spread her lean legs and
     fuck anything that moves. Just wink at her and she'll shove her sweet
     syrupy cleft up under your nose and with it suck the very tongue out of
     your head. The guys love her; she takes them one after another on her
     warm soft belly, wraps her legs around their hips, and fucks them drunk
     and speechless. If your fingers are cold she'll warm them in her
     vagina, but watch it, because her pussy's a snapper; if she likes the
     feel of them she'll nip `em off with her grinning labia and add them to
     her collection. The boys line up, hardons in hand, for her blowjobs;
     she's not happy without her daily sperm facial. But today, Hallie, she
     turned us all upside down.

         Evidently the other evening's gang-bang (group-grope, cluster-fuck,
     coito-crowd, etc. pick one) brought our dear little fairy princess up
     short of complete Nirvana, and she decided that if two filled holes
     were good, three would be fifty percent better. Be patient Hallie.
     Trilla is a volume, and I've time enough only to peruse her Index and
     relate her Introduction.


         We all know this blonde girl to be slightly anal. We've all kissed
     her asshole at least once each, and she never refuses a knuckle's worth
     of finger during her cataclysmic orgasms. She's very pretty there;
     tender, quite pink, tiny, and squeaky clean. Now that I'm in my lesbian
     cubhood many's the time I've nostril- nuzzled her while licking her
     clit, and that puckered little rosette has never smelled of anything
     but pussy-juice. Lucky, too, because the alternative would be, as they
     say, "No way, Jose!"

         For this occasion she fasted, believe it or not, for an entire day,
     thus to present to Ray's preordained penis an empty, if not perfectly
     virgin, rectum. Further, she gave herself a Massengill enema. A true
     pro.

         This afternoon, Sinday, post-lunch and deep into the day's
     marijuana dreams, we, the eight of us, were languishing in front of the
     tube ignoring some televised men's game involving the manipulation of a
     ball. We were strewn about the livingroom; with nary a bra, stocking,
     or shirt in sight., and the fucks were thusly: Charmaine was having her
     vagina probed for climaxes by my John's astute prick. He had her
     spreadeagled on the desk and was rooting around in her cunt for
     whatever fun he might find. If it was there he would find it. Shay was
     asquat over Kim's face while introducing Dan's glans (isn't that nice?)
     to her tonsils. I could hear her squelching suction all the way across
     the room where Ray was leading me up to my dozenth or thirteenth (past
     ten I'm lost) climax. I was on my back and doubled up beneath him, my
     ankles on his shoulders, and oh, Hallie, was my cunt happy. Chock full
     of erect cock, my pussy sings chorales, wet hymns, venereal verses. The
     Lay of the Laid, as it were. Yum.


         (Look at the next sentence) Trilla, having come by having been gone
     down upon by Shay, by God, lay a-rest and refreshing in the light of
     the sunward window. Her yet stiff nipples and her pubescent snatch were
     lovely in the yellow beam.

         Of a sudden, though, she stood, came to us fuckees, Charmaine and
     myself, and relieved us of our respective and huffing fuckers, which
     act leaving us, as it did, unfucked and preorgasmic, would have been
     cruel to the Mingth, had she not replaced their penises with her
     talented tongue. She sucked off Charmaine and then me, and truly, her
     gifts are supreme. My pussy must have drained gallons into her mouth.
     Then she gathered Kim from between Shay's thighs. Shay quickly replaced
     this gaping, aching hole in her pattern with Dan's marvelous cock, and
     they fucked like missionaries 'til each had won, and lost, a soul.

         "Kim," she said, said Trilla, brightly grinning. "You're my base.
     Be a nice person and lie down on your back." Which he did. The blonde
     then straddled him. Hard, his cock arched gleaming under her cunt.
     Then, to Ray: "You, my love, are my privileged back door man. Are you
     oiled?" She stroked Ray's penis. It had dried a bit in the moments
     between my vagina and her hand. "Kneel behind me and apply your cock to
     my cunt. You will find her to be sufficiently drenched." Ray, now,
     straddled Kim's upper thighs.  Before him lay Trilla's twin-welled pink
     feminine valley. He sank his prick into the wider of the two holes and
     pumped in and out a few times. Then, withdrawn, his shaft shone.

         Trilla rocked forward onto her hands placed on the carpet above
     Kim's shoulders. To Kim she said "If you, sir, would be so kind as to
     open me up some, we shall begin." Kim took her ass- cheeks in his hands
     and pulled them gently apart.

         She turned her head to the side, and to Ray, "Go ahead, Babe."

         "May I watch?" I asked.

         She grimaced at me. "Of course, Sarah. Do you have to ask?"

         I didn't, really. At this level everything and I mean every fucking
     thing, Hallie, is out in the open. But habit dies hard. I knee-walked
     closer to them, and sat, and learned.

         Ray grasped his penis with his whole hand and directed its pink wet
     crown down under her pussy, and then swept it up between her labia,
     bringing with it a half spoonful of her streaming lubricant. He pressed
     his penis gently forward, leaned, and pop! by damn, Hallie, the little
     red ring expanded and accepted him. Trilla hissed.

         "Hurting you?" Ray asked.

         She shook her head wriggled her butt. "No Ray. Just gotta relax.
     Keep it comin'."

         He pushed forward again, very softly, but inch by inch his rigid
     organ disappeared inside her body. I guessed that once his glans had
     passed the sphincter muscles the rest went easier.

         "OK, Kim," She whispered. "Now you."

         "Can you come down a little? I can't reach you, you're too high
     above me."

         "Yes. Ray, you'll have to move with me."

         "Got it."

         By spreading his knees some, like Trilla did, Ray could drop lower,
     which brought Trilla's vagina closer to Kim's penis. Kim maneuvered his
     cock upward, found the pocket of her pussy, and then entered her
     smoothly. Ray continued to urge himself in, bit by bit, until his pubic
     hair was pressed against her ass. Kim,too, buried his prick to the
     hilt.

         "Oh...oh my dear God..." Trilla murmured. "..you guys...this is
     good...very good..."

         She had such a sublime, ecstatic expression on her face; her head
     tilted, her eyes closed, her long bangs stuck to her moist forehead,
     and this beautiful dopey smile on her red lips. There was a flush in
     her cheeks.

         "Now, move, please. Easy and slow. Oh. Oh..."

         The two young men slid their penises tenderly in and out of her
     holes. Kim lifted his hands to her breasts. Ray held her hips lightly
     and swayed behind her. Her small body trembled.

         (Notice, Hallie, how for the last few paragraphs my style has
     straightened out? No more cute wordplays? This is to indicate exactly
     how seriously we took this act of theirs, how serious it was to Trilla.
     The girl was absolutely transported, Hallie. I've never seen her look
     like that. She looked dazed. Drugged. Her eyes, when open, were glazed
     over, and her breathing was rapid and ragged, almost as though she
     didn't want to be bothered. We were all very quiet, though we came
     closer to them to watch and touch and experience. There was something
     special, almost mystical about her. Ray and Kim were very, very gentle
     in this double fuck of her childlike body. They fucked her in unison,
     and then exactly out of step, but she never once lost the rhythm. Maybe
     her trancelike state made her more sensitive to the sensations of
     motion and friction. I don't know. But sheesh, Hallie, what a thing to
     see.

         Her choice of Ray for her ass was understandable. His penis, though
     long, is not especially thick, and is straight, and his erections are
     as stiff as Dan's. He was just right for her, judging by her reactions.

         Could I ever take sex this far? I doubt it. John and I have
     experimented, and there is no sexual feeling there for me at all. In
     fact, it's painful. My orgasms destroy me anyway, so what would be the
     point?

         But our darling Cupcake had even more to give. Remember I said
     three?)

         "Johnny. " Trilla gasped. "Come here. I want you in my mouth."

         John questioned me briefly with his eyes, but I just shrugged my
     shoulders and raised my eyebrows helplessly. Shay saw this and answered
     him.

         "Do what she asks, John." She said softly. She nodded. "She knows
     what she's doing. Trust her." Sharon touched his arm fondly.

         So he got to his knees above Kim's head, in front of Trilla's face,
     and dangled his half-hard cock before her lips. She opened her eyes,
     then her mouth, and then let his penis slip in along her tongue. She
     closed her lips around it and  sucked, and he was fully erect
     instantly. Trilla bobbed her head and ran her mouth up and down his
     shaft, and soon John, too, like Ray and Kim were, was panting for
     breath.

         I was breathing a little heavily, too. Not so much for the sexiness
     of it (although it was very sexy. After all, three hard penises in one
     girl?) but in sympathy for the intensity of Trilla's arousal and the
     magnitude of her effort. She fucked them perfectly, like she was doing
     each separately, on his own. For John, her blowjob was deep, steady,
     and unhurried. I put my fingertip on the short space of her perineum
     between her vagina and anus, and felt her tighten those muscles, Kegel-
     like, around Kim and Ray. There could not have been more than a quarter
     or an eighth of an inch of tissue separating their two penises.

         And by now they were both huffing and puffing. Ray was bent forward
     down over her arched back, and his left hand competed with Kim's for
     her breasts. It seemed to me that their hips' thrusts were becoming
     quicker, sharper, more automatic, and I wondered how much more Trilla
     could take.

         Seconds later, Kim came. His groan came up muffled from beneath
     John's swinging balls. His knees jerked, his toes pointed; he gripped
     Trilla's waist as his penis erupted and flooded her cunt.

         John climaxed next. His gaze shot to the ceiling, and with short
     shuddering sighs that fluttered down his body he came deep in Trilla's
     mouth.

          And because Trilla was climaxing herself, she didn't even try to
     swallow; sperm gushed out of the corners of her lips. Her mouthful of
     cock stifled what would have been a soulful, sorrowful cry that leaped
     up out of the very pit of her enchanted heart of hearts. Oh Hallie. I
     felt for her. Her little body shivered and shook and jumped so. It
     couldn't have been good for her, I thought. Tears streamed from her
     eyes.

         Ray, control-freak Ray, came last. Silently, in complete control of
     himself, he made no sound, and moved very little, just his pelvis
     bumping against Trilla's buttocks, only the hurt look on his face
     betraying the force of his orgasm.

         One by one they disengaged, first John, then Kim, then Ray, who let
     his penis become soft and small before gently coaxing it out of her
     anus. The girl sank down and lay senselessly, bonelessly still atop
     Kim. A strand of warm, thick white sperm drained from the corner of her
     half-open mouth and puddled between her cheek and Kim's chest. It
     leaked in slow heavy streams from her asshole and from her soaking wet
     vagina, and was caught by his pubic hair. Kim held her, rocked her,
     stroked her smooth bare back. The smell of sperm filled the room.

         We were each of us, to say the very least, taken quite aback by
     this display, and we sat or lay in impressed, awed silence, all of us
     sure, I think, that she had passed out, or was in pain, because she lay
     so still. A triple insertion was something I'd only heard rumor of,
     Hallie, and read about. It was spooky to see our fair, delicate, young
     friend submit herself to it with such wild abandon.

         Shay was the first to recover. She crept close, leaned, brushed the
     long bangs out of Trilla's face, and kissed Trilla just below her ear.

         "Wake up, Cupcake." She said. "You OK?"

         There was a moment's pause, then Trilla's lovely green eyes flew
     open and a sudden, happy (if sticky) grin bloomed like a red rose
     across  her face.

         "`Course I am." Trilla giggled. "Who's next?" She took Sharon's
     right forefinger and popped it into her mouth and sucked on it.

         We laughed. We cheered. We applauded Trilla. She was helped up off
     Kim and passed from person to person for sweet, loving, approving
     kisses, we were so proud of her. Ray embraced her, threw her to her
     back, and kissed her `til she pummelled his shoulders and kicked her
     small feet in the air, demanding to be let up. Finally we sent her to
     the shower to clean herself up, and while she was gone we decided to
     take her out to dinner.

         She liked that.


         `Bye, Hallie.
                                               Love,
                                               Sarah Beth

--
