                         Chapter Ten

     "One of those national television news shows has been sniffing
around," Daddy said.  "They want an interview with me."
     We were in a meeting of The Elders, as they were known.  The
Elders were twelve men who guided the Jonathan Barrett Ministries.
They met once a month with Daddy in our spacious living room in the
mansion.  I was there simply because I wanted to be.  Nobody dared
object.
     "Nothing but trouble can come of it," Mr. Atkins said.  "They'll
put us in a bad light no matter what."
     "Emmett's right," said Freddy Moreland.  "They smell something
here, and they'll do their level best to spread their slime on the
Ministries."
     The youngest and newest member was greatly alarmed.  He
predicted our total destruction.  It was Clifford Lockery.
     "Let's let them look anywhere they want," eighty-five-year-old
Tom Bradbury growled.  "We've nothing to hide."
     I looked around the room as Old Tom continued his unique
analysis.  He was the only one there who had not swallowed pussy
fuck from my team of sluts.  All the others knew what the television
show might well discover -- but each one thought he was the only one
of them trapped in my net.
     My team and I had cum all over everything.  Old Tom didn't know
it, obviously, but his wife, twenty-three years his junior, had
licked my pussy in his own kitchen while he dozed in his easy chair
in the living room.
     My intention had been to spread my cum on the old man's life.
He was the only one of The Elders who had escaped us.  I never got
anywhere with him.  He missed every move I made.  Always treated me
like a little girl no matter what I did.  I had given up on him.
Indeed, my visits to see Old Tom and his wife Clara became a respite
from my salacious life.
     I had continued to visit the Bradburys because it was peaceful
there and innocent.  We played cards and chatted and planned little
events for the church.  Then one day Clara and I were making cookies
for Sunday School kids to sell.  I was wearing a white dress that
made me look angelically pure and a pair of white high-heeled pumps.
Clara had put an apron on me.  I was Miss Housewife 1950.
     It happened when a hunk of dough fell off my spoon as I stirred
the cookie batter.  It fell on my shoe.  Since I had my hands full,
Clara said, "Oh, dear!  Here, I'll get that up for you."
     She was down there with a hand towel before I could object.
But she wasn't doing anything.  She wasn't even moving.  She seemed
suddenly transfixed by the dough on my shoe.  I stood over her
waiting.  I wondered if the old lady was having a stroke.
     "Clara?  Are you all right?"
     "Yes."
     I took a slow breath and let it out.  I looked down at the back
of her head.  Her hair was pulled back in a sort of duck's ass bun.
She finally moved.  Down.  She was taking the dough off my shoe with
her mouth!
     "What are you doing, Clara?" I asked softly.
     "I like it down here."
     "Ok, you like where you are.  Do you know what you're doing?" I
was still entertaining the possibility that this ancient woman had
slipped a cog in her brain and I might have to get her to a
hospital.
     "I'm sucking something nasty off your shoe.  You are young and
I am old.  You are beautiful and I am ugly.  I am bowed low before
you where I should be."
     I had long recognized the internal tug of war waged inside some
fundamentalists, pulling them back and forth between inflated
arrogance and a need for humiliation.  But this old woman?  Geez,
what a world!  I let her finish her little chore.  My shoe was
clean.
     "Look up at me, Clara.  How did you know I would go along with
this?"
     "I've watched you trying to get Tom to respond.  I knew he
never would.  He hadn't the slightest notion you were anything but a
sweet little girl being nice to two old folks."
     "But you did."
     "Yes, Trinity.  I knew.  I watched you move and rub and touch
and cross your legs so he could see up your dress.  Tom has always
been totally unaware of that sort of thing, the wiles and guile of
young women, but I have gone nearly out of my mind wishing I could
put my head up under your dress where those bare legs are."
Everything she said was so matter of fact.  I saw no lust at all.
Weird.
     I blinked and shook my head.  "I can't believe this, Clara.
You should be ashamed of yourself.  Have you no pride?"
     "You won't tell anybody will you?  I'd die if you did."
     "No, Clara.  I won't tell.  My God, who'd believe it?  Well,
we've come this far.  Go ahead.  Scoot under me."
     She edged herself under me, and I felt her wrinkled old hands
on my calves and her lips kiss my leg.  She hadn't discovered yet
that I wasn't wearing panties.
     "Oh, dear!" I heard from under my dress.  "I didn't think of
this, I guess."
     I couldn't help chuckling.  It had never occurred to the old
lady that there was a pussy involved.  She touched her mouth to it.
I watched the outline of her head under my dress.  I felt more
amused than bizarre.  I felt the tip of her tongue on my vulva and
heard her smack her lips.  She was down there tasting it carefully.
She sampled it again.  The third time was a slow licking up and down
in my cunt.  She stopped and tasted it in her mouth again, smacking
her lips.
     "Oh, I quite like it!" she exclaimed, and she put her mouth in
it and sucked and sucked and sucked.
     I pulled my dress up so I could see, and she stopped.  She
peered at what she had been sucking and inspected my legs and felt
them.
     "You are indeed a beautiful girl.  And now, my dear, if you
will be so kind as to help me up, we must finish making these
cookies."
     "Are you kidding me, Clara?  Was that all you wanted?"
     "I shall be eternally grateful, child.  Perhaps we can do it
again some time."  She patted my hand like a sweet old lady thanking
a little girl for bringing her a fistful of dandelions.
     That was it.  We made the cookies and took them to the church
so the kids could box them and sell them.  It was the most dignified
and saintly cunt licking I ever had, and it was so matter-of-fact
and ended so politely, I had to think to be sure it had happened.
Amazing.


     As I sat there remembering, I suddenly realized old Tom was
asking me a question.  "I'm sorry.  I was somewhere else.  What did
you say?"
     "I was wondering, Trinity, what you thought should be our
approach to this news show thing."
     I had fucked, sucked, or otherwise used every man in the room,
had sex with two of their wives not even counting Tom's, humiliated
one of their sons who still prayed to me, and sat naked and sweaty
on at least one family member of everyone there.  I had made them
lie and steal for me and cover up what they were doing with me and
my team of sluts.
     Tom Bradbury was the only member of The Elders who had done
nothing wrong, had nothing to hide, and had no idea what had been
happening.
     I gave Tom my answer:  "Tom, I think you'd better circle the
wagons."  He disagreed.  The others agreed.  Daddy agreed with Tom.

     Ah, television.  So frigging mindless.  My beauty was a magnet.
The stars, Jim Wells and Kathy Steward, came after me before they
even knew I was Jonathan Barrett's daughter.  They saw me in the
choir, for crying out loud, and decided they needed to interview me.
The producer insisted the interview be conducted at the pool behind
the mansion.  He knew the church was having a poolside party for our
young people who were graduating from high school and college.
     "Don't worry about what you say, beautiful," said the producer.
"We just want you on camera with Jim and Kathy.  We'll be doing a
voice-over and nobody will hear you.  Wear something like you're
there to swim, ok?"
     I wore a modest bikini.  The whole thing was a vicious little
setup.  Me in a bikini, a voice-over relating rumors about sexual
promiscuity, and two well-prepared interviewers thinking they had
found an unsuspecting bimbo daughter of a nationally known preacher.

     Jim Wells and Kathy Steward were not the only ones with an
organization that could ferret out dirt on people.  Darlene and
Christina had a lot of friends in low places.  With almost unlimited
funds available to us through our tight grip on the genitals of key
people in Jonathan Barrett Ministries, we had found a beaut:  Jim
and Kathy, the beautiful stars of tabloid TV had a little secret.
     So I played the pool scene straight and let them plant their
salacious notions in the minds of their viewers.  I deserved an
Oscar for appearing to be too stupid to know I was adding fuel to
the fire they wanted to burn us with.
     That night, Jim and Kathy found out they may not be able to air
the interview they had taped no doubt with evil glee.  Even as we
were talking, a tape was being delivered to Cheryl's Casino, the
resort hotel in Tahoe where they were staying.  Where they were
staying and where they were fucking each other's brains out every
night.  Both were married to other celebrities, both had children,
and both must have shit their pants when they watched the tape.
     At ten-thirty that night, Christina called me from Cheryl's.
She said Jim had literally run from his room to Kathy's with the
tape in his hand.  I called Kathy's room.
     "Hi," I said like a bright-eyed bimbo.  "This is Trinity
Barrett.  Did you get my little gift?"

     Forty-five minutes later, I was in the room with two very
scared television stars who could visualize their careers and their
lives sliding down the same toilet they had flushed other people
down to advance themselves and get rich.  Not where they were
because of their brains, they didn't have the mental wherewithal to
remember they were sitting on the very bed on which they had fucked
on tape.
     "What do you want from us?" Kathy said.
     "I want to have sex with you," I said brightly.
     They looked at each other, two trapped animals.
     "Ok, so we have sex with you," Jim said.  "Then what?"
     "Then you have sex with me again," I said like a brainless
bimbo.  These mental gnats had assumed that's what I was, and I was
rubbing it in for spite.  "After that, you arrange for me to get a
job in your business.  I think I'd be good at it, don't you?"  I
didn't want anything of the sort, of course, but they needed a
sleazy motive.  They bought it; the dumbasses still thought I was
just a bimbo looking to get famous in the glamorous world of
television.
     "Kathy?" Jim checked.
     "Why not?" she shrugged.  "It'll be a new experience for me."
     In one seamless move, I stood and pulled my dress over my head
and kicked off my shoes.  Kathy gulped and her eyes bugged.  Jim
whispered the Lord's name in amazement as he took in my body with
lusting eyes.
     I watched Kathy's temperature rise as I vamped in front of her
feeling myself sensually.  She was so entranced she seemed not to
notice that Jim was removing her blouse and slipping her skirt off.
I held her captive until he had her bra off, then I moved to her
where she sat on the edge of the bed.
     I engulfed her in woman with my arms wrapped around her head.
She rubbed her face on my body and nudged my breasts while her hands
and arms explored my legs and hips and back.
     Jim watched as he got naked.  I was not surprised to see one of
the most beautiful male bodies I had ever seen.  He was hairless
except for his pudendum and just muscular enough to make my mouth
water.  His prick was turgid and as beautiful as his
well-proportioned body.  The man's legs were male pretty, if you
know what I mean, smooth and clean and strong and male and oh, God.
     I held out my arms to indicate to him where I wanted him, and
he got up on the bed and came to me.  He squatted and braced his
legs lightly against Kathy's shoulders, and I pushed against her
firmly as I ran my hands over his god-like legs and got a good grip
on them.  His powerful staff strained to reach the ceiling.
     "Ohhh," he moaned when I took a mouthful of hard peter and
sucked on it.  Oh, God, his almighty erection was Maleness itself,
and I worked on it with my lips and tongue and let him move my head
up and down on it as suited him.  He moved my sucking face down and
back over a span of several inches for a while, then pulled my mouth
socket down over the entire length of his meaty tube.  He developed
a rhythm so I would know when to breathe, all the way down and all
the way up clear out of my mouth, then all the way down and all the
way back out and oh, Jesus God Almighty, I got so turned on I didn't
think I could stand it.  The slurping noise when we disconnected and
reconnected enhanced my lust.
     Kathy, hugging my hips and legs and benefitting from our moving
flesh front and back, was wallowing in my body sweat and licking it
up like an addict.  She slid her hand over my hip and down into the
crack of my ass.  Keeping the grinding beat Jim had set, she pulled
on me and released me, pulled and released, pulled and released.
She extended a finger which probed my asshole each time she pulled.


     She pulled and fingered and wallowed on the down beat as Jim's
prong went down my throat, and she released and gripped the cheek of
my ass and licked my sweat as he unplugged.  The sounds filled the
room with a primitive trio and an age-old beat.  Jim's ah-oomph-ha
ah-oomph-ha ah-oomph-ha was the rhythm bass tuba.  My gasp for air
and the nasty kiss-suck sound of his cock leaving and re-entering my
mouth was the primal wind instrument.  Kathy's high-pitched grunt as
my softness pressed against her face followed by her sweat-slurping
quick inhalation was a primeval string and jug combination.
     The tune may not have hit the charts, but the beat was one that
three sexed-up naked young people could really get down to.
     The stamina Jim's strong young male body exhibited was
praiseworthy.  He had fucked long and hard, if you'll forgive the
pun, squatting and hunching and keeping his balance all at the same
time.  I felt him trembling from the strain and let his legs slide
over my hands as he sunk back onto the bed. His eternal maleness
persevered beyond the endurance of his legs and refused a nap on his
belly.  It was doing pushups while Jim regained his muscle tone.
     I wanted it.  I pushed against Kathy and raised my knee to the
bed as I started crawling over her.  She slid under me and off the
bed, licking and feeling all the way.  I crawled onto Jim and
straddled him facing his legs.  El Persevero, his live-forever cock,
was ready.  I positioned it and eased myself gloriously down on it.
It slid up and up and up, and I let my breath out in short aspirated
grunts as it slithered through the slick walls of my saturated chute
to maximum penetration.
     I thought I was going to pass out from the intolerable pleasure
inside me.  I had to raise myself up to ease the euphoric torment of
my hedonistic exhilaration.  But rather than relieving the
unbearable jubilation in my depths, the cock-milking action of my
vaginal muscles grasping his sliding member immersed my soul all the
more in the carnal celebration progressing in my pit.  There was no
escaping my titillating affliction.  In a crescendo of pussy
thoughts driven into madness by excruciating and ineffable pleasure,
the core of my femaleness detonated and blew me into outer space.  I
femaled into a supernova and validated the Big Bang theory of
creation.  The atom of my womanness split and filled the universe
with Bartholin fluid.
     That is to say, I cum like a six-pussied mammoth.
     I crumpled half conscious on his king post and hung there
loosely like a skewered condor.  Unable to resist, I felt myself
being lifted off his unrepentant spear and eased onto my back beside
him.  As through a glass darkly, I saw a vision of loveliness take
my place as Kathy mounted him and laid her perfect body down on his.
     I watched her slow-fuck him, lovers coupled together, flesh on
flesh, woman on man, cock sliding in cunt, mouths seeking mouths,
whole-body involvement of male and female.  I had the strength only
to lay my hand on Kathy's back and feel the smooth movement of her
warm, wet, undulating female body fucking the man beneath her.  I
lapsed peacefully into unawareness, subcortically participating in
their union even as I slept.
     When I came to, it was a graceful awakening to a new vision.
My hand was no longer on Kathy's back but on her breast, and I was
squeezing it softly.  Jim's muscular beauty sent shivers through me
as he fucked her.  I scooted down and began sucking her titty and
feeling her, looking down her body at the action.  She touched my
head tenderly and urged me toward the sexual union.  I kissed and
face-wallowed my way down her body and over the Mound of Venus to
put my mouth on Jim's battering ram at the entrance to her tiny
cave.  His hot tube of lust slid back and forth over my lips as it
pistoned in and out of her.
     I sucked at their sexual union and felt myself becoming aroused
again at the commingling of tastes and sensations.  I rooted in
Kathy's cunt hole, and my mouth became a spongy sleeve to guide
Jim's power pole as it plunged her depths.  I became aware that
Kathy was urging me onto her face, and I threw my leg over her.  She
serviced me in long, loving licks from my cunt to my asshole and
back.  I felt her tonguing my anal orifice, and I sucked at her with
grateful vigor.
     Kathy's hands moved over my legs and hips and along my sides.
She urged me gently to sit up on her face.  I sacrificed my
two-course meal and accommodated her, knowing I would be back when
dessert was served.
     She feasted on me.  I sat up erect on her face and let her eat.
She ran her hands back and forth along my thighs, and I began
pump-squeezing her face with my legs and writhing on her.  She found
new places to breathe as I moved around on her face.  I knew her
increasing urgency from her quickening pace and faster head
movements.  She was sucking harder and nastier and hunching Jim's
jackhammer harder and faster.  Jim picked up the pace in her cunt,
and I fucked harder on her face.
     Jim moved Kathy's legs over his shoulder and secured a firm
fuck hold on her.  He was going to slam her good.  I pulled my feet
up and squatted on her face so she'd have room to move when Jim
starting drilling for deep oil.  She pulled me down onto her face,
and I fucked on her.  She stuck her tongue up my ass, and I relaxed
my sphincters to give her better access.  Jim began his denouement.
Faster and faster did he fuck, and her face under me kept time with
him.  She sucked cunt, she sucked crotch, she sucked asshole.  I
fucked her face.  Jim fucked her cunt.
     He stiffened and held himself in her, but he was too late to
postpone orgasm with the hovering technique.  He shot into her like
a cannon, his astounding staying power finally having reached its
limits.  I squashed down solidly in her mouth, and she deep-sucked
up inside my fuck hole.  Jim was pumping his cum into her cunt, and
she was filling her mouth with female fuck.  She sucked my cunt
juice out of me and into her mouth and drank liberally.  Her hungry
cunt sucked Jim's cum out of his plunging hard cock and consumed it
with her own juices.
     We fucked her face and cunt until Jim was empty and she lay
still.
     I had waited long enough.  I leaned forward and licked Jim's
smooth male chest and stomach.  Kathy's face followed my cunt like
it was stuck in the woman goo.  I rooted at their junction and
sucked up spilled man fuck.  Jim withdrew and stuck his cummy prick
into my mouth.  I sucked off the extra cum and woman goo, then dived
face first into the reservoir between Kathy's slick legs.  She
wrapped her legs around my head and buried me in fuck slop as I
sucked and swallowed his cum loads out of her.  I sucked all over
her down there, and she sucked out of me at the same time.
     It was a sumptuous repast.  Kathy and I rolled around on the
bed with our faces in cunt and our legs around each other's faces.
We sucked until both of us cum again and lapped up each other's
woman fuck.
     We unsaddled and coupled face to face and slid around in each
other's arms, licking and sucking each other's fucked faces and
spitting to simulate more of the substance we couldn't get enough
of.  Girl slime and man fuck and female sweat and woman spit.  We
went to sleep kissing.

--end Chapter 10--

