                        Chapter Nine

     Clifford Oates Lockery was the Sunday School superintendent.  A
small-time actor before he got saved at the age of twenty-two in one
of Jonathan's revivals ten years earlier, Cliff loved skits and
plays.  Over the years, he had gotten quite good at putting them
together, and Daddy had always seen to it that he got all the money
he needed for scenery and the like.
     Never married, he was openly and happily the butt of playful
joking in our church and school community for his "eye for the
ladies," as it was put.  It lightened a message on man-woman
relationships when Daddy referred to him.  One of Daddy's funniest
sermons included the line, "That's why I love Cliff: he gives us,
uh, perspective."  The crowd applauded. We were proud of our healthy
attitude.
     The David and Bathsheba play I've mentioned a few times was
Cliff's brainstorm.  The robe I wore and Bathsheba's sexiness was
his idea, too.  Because it was Cliff, his personally darkening my
legs with body make-up was just amusingly risque.  There was even a
picture of it in our church newspaper.  Everybody was all smiles --
except Mr. Atkins, who got caught in the picture looking like an Old
Testament prophet hating the levity and sexual implication.
     You know now, of course, what Grandpa was really thinking, and
it was anything but disapproving.  It was envy at Cliff getting to
rub body paint on my bare legs.
     What never seemed to occur to anyone was that Cliff must also
fuck from time to time.  Wonder why they never thought of him doing
that.  I guess our pride in our healthy attitudes would have been
sullied if we pictured Cliff actually getting naked with a big hard
prick sticking up in the air and fucking a naked woman with her legs
spread open.  I still wonder why healthy attitudes have to exclude
the act itself.  What is sex, anyway, dating?  Holding hands?
     Not for Cliff, it wasn't.  Cliff Lockery fucked!  Those of us
in the elite crowd, as the students called us, loved his
irreverence.  Cliff once quipped that fucking was forbidden to our
Bible college students because we were afraid it might lead to
dancing.

     I was in the television studio one day blowing Roosevelt
Brownman, our director of televangelism, when Cliff called him with
a new brainstorm.  Roosevelt was a twenty-nine-year-old genius and
Clifford's best friend.  We were doing our favorite thing.  I was
under his desk sucking cock while staff were in and out having no
idea he was sitting there with his prong in the pastor's daughter's
mouth.  Loved it.
     Anyway, he answered the phone, and it was Cliff.  His new idea
was for the Jonathan Barrett Ministries to produce a series of
one-hour movies depicting Bible stories.
     "Great!" Roosevelt exclaimed.  "I don't know why we haven't
thought of it before.   Uhn, hunh, hunh, ohh.  What?  What funny
noises?  Hunh huh huh huh, oh oh, ahhhh.  What?  Yes, as a matter of
fact, she is here.  How did you guess?"
     He held the phone down to me.  "He wants to say hello."
     "What are you doing, Trinity?" Cliff asked.
     "Ummm, ummm, slurp, yummmmmm, ooooou," I explained.
     Roosevelt took the phone back.  I deep-throated him and tried
to see how long I could hold his prick down.  I had mastered --
mistressed? -- the ability to work muscles in the back of my mouth
and down in my throat.  It makes men go ballistic.  I lip-viced the
base of his fuckstick at the same time and slid my tongue in and
out.
     "Ohhhh, damn, damn, damn.  Sorry Cliff.  Oh, my holy God!  Oh,
shit oh damn oh piss oh fuck oh suck."
     I sucked my way up his uncircumcised mule dick and licked
around inside the foreskin.  I had practiced so much on Roosevelt
that I learned a trick he said nobody had ever done but me.  I
sucked the foreskin over my tongue and tickled the urethral opening
with the tip of my tongue.
     He grabbed me by the head so I wouldn't move.  I sucked the
foreskin and the end of his hard-on and licked in the hole.  He
stiffened and gave me a primer of semen in the mouth.  I sucked my
way down and did my deep-throat trick and was sucking my way back up
when his firehose started spurting for real.  I swallowed as fast as
I could, alternating my focus between that and feeling it surge
under my lower lip and across my tongue before it cumblasted my
tonsils.
     "Well, I'm just as sorry as hell, fella!" Roosevelt said to an
objecting Cliff on the phone.  "I'd like to see you try to carry on
a sensi-huh sensi-huh sensible conversation while Trinity's doing
her number on you.  What?  She's washing me.  Listen, what do you
have in mind for a movie?  Our star is eager to know."
     I was sucking up the cum off his balls, making extra nasty
noises just for effect.  On him and me.  When I got all I could, I
removed my trademark, a folded handkerchief this time, from over his
dork-threatening zipper and tucked his wang back into his pants and
zipped him up.  When he signaled all clear, I scurried out from
under the desk before someone came in and made an obvious deduction.
     "Cliff wants to know if you have any ideas for a movie. And he
wants you to be in it.  You'll have to wear a black wig again,
though, and paint your beautiful white body."
     I made a face.  They knew I prized my natural blond hair and my
soft, milky white skin.  "How about the story of Lot in Genesis 19.
His two daughters got him drunk and fucked him."
     Roosevelt relayed the idea.  "He doesn't think so."
     "Ask him if there's any place in the Bible where a woman screws
two men."
     Roosevelt asked.  "He says lots of places but not at the same
time.  What?"  Roosevelt listened then asked me, "Are you interested
in doing a slightly revised version of Lot?  You play a woman named
Lotta and we're your two sons."
     I reflected on it.  "Tell him I have an idea."

     When an exciting and beautiful young damsel has an idea for
sex, adventuresome knights will take out their lances and ride hard
for her.  Thus did Cliff and Roosevelt spend thousands of dollars of
church money on an elaborate scheme to make two sets of movies.  One
series was their legitimate enterprise and would result in some
quite good features to be televised throughout the nation.
     Taped at the same time were alternative versions of each story
using the same scenery.  My adventuresome knights thought we were
doing only one porn skit which they would keep for their own
purposes.  They would discover too late that they were committed and
in over their heads the minute they shared Darlene on camera.
     They set up a scene in an unused room in the same annex where
Darlene and Christina lived.  My contribution.  I introduced them to
Darlene and Christina.  The set looked exactly like a mountain cave
Lot and his daughters would have used.  Darlene was perfect for the
part of Lotta who was to get porked by her sons, played by Cliff and
Roosevelt.  They had had hard-ons for weeks in anticipation of our
little skit. Christina and I operated the cameras.

     The story opened with the sons, two clean-shaven young Arabs of
ancient times, discussing their plight.  God had destroyed Sodom and
Gomorrah and turned their father into a pillar of salt for fucking
the sheep he was supposed to sacrifice.
     The firstborn, Cliff, said unto the younger, "With the
destruction of our cities, we ain't got nobody to fuck but Mom.  Let
us go in unto her, for she's the best piece of ass in the land."
     "Yea, verily," came Lotta's voice from the cave.  "Get thy
great young dorks in here, for thy mother's juices doth flow for
thee.  I ain't been laid for a *while*."
     Lotta was sitting stark naked on a pallet of new grass, doing
her nails.  Beside the pallet was a framed 8-by-10 glossy of
Jonathan Barrett.  As her two sons came toward her, she turned the
photograph face down.
     The men stripped on their way across the cave and stood on each
side of the most beautiful Arabian mother two boys ever had.  Both
were erect and ready.
     "Thy two cocks are maximum turgid, my sons.  I will incorporate
them anon into my mouth, for I am an hungered."
     And she did.  They moved over her and she ran her hands up the
insides of their legs and massaged the cheeks of their asses.  They
rubbed their distended cocks all over her face, in her eyes,
crossing each other back and forth on her open mouth, then taking
turns giving a big stroke into her mouth, one of them uncircumcised
and dark, the other having no foreskin and fair.


     Lotta paused, moved her head back and looked first at one cock
and then the other, puzzled.  "Oh, well, thou art the products of my
fucking around on thy father.  God, I miss Sodom."
     "I'll give thee Sodom, Mamma," Roosevelt told her.
     They lifted her to her feet and bent her over.  Roosevelt, true
to his word, sodomized her from behind while Clifford fucked her in
the mouth.
     "Suck that big cock, Mother."
     "Take it all, Mamma."
     They reamed and fucked and fucked and reamed, and Darlene
pushed and pulled and pulled and pushed.  They had it down pat.
They both hunched into her at once, plugging her from both ends, and
I marvelled at Darlene's talent for taking two young men into her at
the same time.  Her mouth was distorted over Cliff's huge member.
He stopped fucking and let her suck, but Roosevelt pumping her ass
moved her back and forth over Clifford.
     Both men hunched forward and held themselves in her at maximum
depth.  Cliff gripped her head and Roosevelt her hips. The only
movement was their vibrating.  The seconds ticked away but they held
her fast and vibrated in her mouth and up her ass.  Cliff let go of
her head finally, and Darlene escaped, gasping deeply for air and
panting loudly.  She bent completely over and let Roosevelt have at
her.  Cliff pulled her back up and twisted her head up by her hair
and rammed his big prick in her mouth again, fucking in and out with
long strokes.  He withdrew and let her breathe as Roosevelt
continued to fuck her in the ass, then rammed it to her again.
     Roosevelt was looking concerned.  "Let her go, motherfucker,"
he told Cliff, and he lifted Darlene up in the air with his dick
still up inside her.  She hooked her legs backwards around
Roosevelt's hips and straightened up on it. She wrapped her arms
backward around his powerful body.  He had one arm around her
stomach and a hand on her breast.  He let her do all the moving, and
she showed her ability to fuck in any position with any hole.
     "Electric fan, electric fan, electric fan," Roosevelt blurted
out.  Clifford broke up.  Christina and I looked at each other
wondering what was going on.  It was Roosevelt's trick for delaying
orgasm.  He distracted himself, see, and thought about something
else?
     He whispered something in Darlene's ear and leaned her forward
so she could put her hands on the floor of the cave.  Cliff, himself
again, albeit with only a semi-hard cock now, stood astride her.  As
Roosevelt started to withdraw, Cliff bent down and wrapped his arms
around Darlene.  Understand, now, he was positioned over her back
and facing the asshole Roosevelt had been fucking.  I got a little
nervous, but I shouldn't have.  These men had obviously fucked
together before, and they had this choreographed.
     I almost applauded when Cliff picked Darlene up and swung her
in a breathtaking loop as he stood up.  Darlene ended up perched on
his shoulders with her cunt right in his slurping mouth.  Fantastic
move!  She looked about her rapidly, trying to figure out how she
got there.  As experienced as she was, she had just learned one hell
of a new stunt.
     She adapted right away to her new situation.  She hooked her
feet together and held him by the head and fucked mouth.  I knew what
it was like to have Cliff's long tongue up my cunt, and I knew his
soft-mouthed technique of sucking pussy, so I knew Darlene wouldn't
want off that face for a while.  She wiggled and squirmed and fucked
and juiced and moaned and breathed heavily as he ate and sucked and
ran that long tongue in her.
     With Cliff's help, Darlene started climbing.  She climbed up on
his face and shoulders and squatted on his upturned face.  She
humped him like a gargoyle taking a shit.  She clung to his head and
used her legs on his face doing the squats and then riding a
bicycle, mauling him as she fucked his mouth.  I had seen
constipated dogs go through fewer movements and contortions.
     Fatigue, the enemy of the most fervid and compelling of sexual
activity, finally overcame her, and she slumped on her face perch
like the world's most beautiful and sexiest bird settling on an egg.
Perspiration stood out on her legs and body as she sat there
hatching his face.
     Unlike his quim-soaked face which couldn't get enough of
femaleness, Cliff's neck simply could not take any more.  He
supported her buttocks and back on his powerful biceps and forearms
and boosted her up enough for her to get her feet off his shoulders
and slid down the front of his body.  His prick awaited her arrival
with a one-eyed vigil and seemed to be peering up at her as she
descended cunt first upon it.  Cliff could not move his neck and
continued staring irrelevantly up at nothing as Darlene sunk slowly
down over his pole and wrapped herself around him.  She was some
kind of strange animal fucking a tree of flesh.  Cliff hunched
forward and leaned back and let her work on him.  He was a doomed
victim resigned to being slowly consumed by the slick pulsating
female animal absorbing him.
     His knees began to buckle.  Roosevelt went behind him and eased
his descent to the floor.  Darlene fucked him all the way down, an
unrelenting phagosome.  She sat up on him and continued to rock on
the only part of him staying alive.  Roosevelt opportunistically
stepped over Cliff and stood strong and fresh in front of Darlene.
She opened her mouth and accepted his arrogant maleness all the way
down her throat.  She rocked on the passive and exhausted Cliff and
sucked on the cooperative and accommodating Roosevelt. Rocking and
sucking, rocking and sucking, rocking and sucking.
     Cliff's body, reports of whose demise had been premature, began
jerking with the irresistible convulsions of male spirit.  Almost at
once, Roosevelt emitted a bullish moaning grunt and began pumping
copious amounts of cum into her mouth. I saw the swallowing action
in Darlene's throat, but she couldn't take it fast enough.  It oozed
out of her mouth and over Roosevelt's powerful organ.  He was
fucking a mouthful of his own cum like it was a close-fitting spongy
cylinder of warm mayonnaise.
     Christina and I watched in our trance-like state as the two men
filled her up from both ends.  Darlene had cum so many times her
strength was sapped.  She pulled back from Roosevelt and got a
couple of loads right in the face.  Fucked beyond her incredible
endurance and thoroughly spent from repeated multiple orgasms, she
lowered her head and slumped forward between Roosevelt's legs and
lay exhausted on the comatose Sunday School superintendent.
     Roosevelt, standing astride them with nothing to do, looked
into the camera and shrugged.  Turning around, he masturbated on
Darlene's back and, unbelievably, shot another load on her and
strutted off full of energy.  I could see Cliff and Darlene shaking
each other with laughter.

     We had launched a new and important phase of our crusade to
choke the ministry on its own hypocrisy and on our cum.  We starred
in all the porn skits, of course, and we made sure we appeared in as
many of the legitimate productions as we could, too.  The bigger the
television ministry grew and the more Daddy became famous, the more
potent was the toxic seed growing inside it.
     Darlene made a startling observation, however, in one of our
review sessions.  We listed everyone we had fucked on tape or
otherwise sexed off on.  We noted the extended sins we had caused,
including embezzlement of funds used to pay us.  The list was
gratifying, and we clucked over our success and laughed at some of
the people we had seduced.
     But I felt a gnawing pain in my gut at what we were doing to so
many to hurt only one.  And he was the one I loved.

--end Chapter 9--
