Author's Note

This is the third and final part of "Trio."

"Trio" is based on several stories that have been bumping around in my head
for several years. The characters and situations are key parts of a much
larger world. I need to get the events of "Trio" realized and into words
before I can get on with the rest of the story.  

"Trio" contains lesbianism, sibling incest and group sex. If any of these
subjects offend you, please don't continue. If you enjoy the story, or have
comments or criticisms, please send mail.   Look for two more stories in
Trio's world, tentatively entitled "Revelation" (occurring prior to "Trio")
and "The Lair" (occurring after "Trio") in the near future. 

"Trio" is copyright (c) 1994 by L.S. Hauser. All rights are retained by the
author. The right to redistribute "Trio" electronically and to print-out
for individual use is hereby granted. 

===================================================

Part 3 - A Dark and Stormy Night

I woke to find Daphne snuggled up against my back. She sat up, when I
stirred, knocking off the clothing she'd covered us with.  

"What time is it?" she asked.

I looked at my watch through bleary eyes. "Almost 2 o'clock."  

"We should probably head back," she said.

"Had enough, hmm?"

"Only for now," she replied, giving my shoulder a shove. Then she gave me a
very intimate kiss and we got dressed. I shouldered the knapsack and we
started down the trail hand in hand.  

"You know," she said, "I think I'm falling in love with you."  My heart did
a handspring and I squeezed her hand.

"You can do that," I said, "and I'll probably return the feeling. But don't
fall out of love with my brother!"  

"Don't worry. I think I can be in love with both of you."

"So," she said after awhile, "do you want to make love to Jon?"  

"I want to make love to both of you."

Nothing more needed to be said. We walked in silence the rest of the way,
holding hands when we could. Just before the last drop to the road she
pulled me up short and hugged me.   

At lake, Jon was fishing from the dock and mom was reading on the porch.
We'd been home about an hour when the phone rang. She swore, and I could
see her trying to decide whether to ignore it or not. She's like me,
though, too conscientious. She went into the house to answer it.  

"It's your grandmother," she said. "I need to go home tonight. You guys can
lock up tomorrow and come home tomorrow night, okay?"  

"Sure," I said, my mind going over the possibilities for the night ahead.
"No problem."  

"And no hanky-panky, either," she said. I knew she meant I was to try to
keep an eye on Jon and Daphne. Parents are naive sometimes; she really
thought I was going to be able to stop them from having sex. She had no
idea that I was planning on encouraging them.  

"I'll see what I can do, Mom," I replied, and smiled at her back as she
went upstairs to pack.  

She was gone by the time Jon and Daphne got back with a good string of
trout. Clouds had rolled in and a brisk wind was cooling down the air. When
I explained why mom left, they exchanged significant looks. Then, when Jon
wasn't looking, Daphne winked broadly at me. I wondered if she had said
anything to him.  

While Jon cleaned his fish I went upstairs to take a shower. As I stepped
out of the tub, Daphne knocked and poked her head in.  

"C'mon in," I said, enjoying the way her eyes moved up and down my body.  

"I can't believe this," she said. "It's too perfect!"

"I know," I said, toweling my hair. "You're sure you want to?"  

"Oh, yes! I want to do it right now!"

"Lord, I've created a monster," I said with mock dismay.

"Don't worry," she said, putting her arms around me. "I really will come
down eventually."  

"So what do you have in mind?"

"A fire, some wine, and surprise visit by two naked women. He'll be like
putty in our hands."  

"That's cool, as long as he's not like putty in my pussy."  

We fried up the trout and sat on the porch. It was still pleasant outside,
but it smelled like rain, and I made the suggestion to build a fire in the
living room. We hauled in some wood from under the porch and Jon started up
the fire in the big living room fireplace. 

We'd already killed most of a bottle of White Zinfandel with diner, so I
emptied its dregs into our glasses and opened a new one. We lounged on the
couch, watching "Ghost" on the VCR. I was doing more watching more than
they were; after the previous night, they had lost at least some of their
inhibitions in front of me. They were exchanging long, deep, wet kisses,
and it looked like she'd be deep-throating him soon, putting our plans
awry, if I didn't step in soon. 

"Hey, Daphne, come with me," I said, tugging at her arm. She frowned, then
realized what I was doing, and extricated herself.  We retreated as far as
the kitchen. 

"Damn, I almost forgot," she said.

"I thought so. I decided to pull you out before you got too involved."  My
heart was pounding.  

She was already naked, her leggings and shirt pooled on the floor at her
feet, and I was close behind.  

"Ready?" she asked.

"Yes. No!" I was suddenly apprehensive. What if Jon didn't want me? "You're
sure he'll go for this?" I asked. 

"He will, Robin."

"But he's my brother! You said he loses himself in the moment. Maybe he
won't want to pick up where we left off last night." I was suddenly,
inexplicably sure he wouldn't want me. I shivered and hugged myself.  

Daphne put both arms around me. "Don't worry. He won't be able to resist
us. Let's just go do it." She squeezed me, gave me a quick kiss, then
grabbed the wine bottle in one hand and my hand in the other, pulling me
into the dining room.  

The couch was in the middle of the big, sunken living room, facing the TV
and the fireplace, its back to the dining room door. Jon held his
almost-empty wine glass in his right hand. Daphne motioned me to the left
and I took my place silently behind the couch. 

Daphne leaned over her end of the couch and poured the wine. He turned his
head to thank her and did a double-take when he saw her naked breasts.  

"Daphne..." he said, looking over his shoulder to see if I was in the room.
I took that as my cue and vaulted the couch to land beside him.  

"Looking for me, Jon?" I asked. If he wasn't before, he was now.  

"Robin..." he said, his eyes flicking between my breasts and my face. Then
he was distracted as Daphne landed on the other side of him, took a pull
from the wine bottle, and placed it straight up between her legs, nestled
against her triangle.  

"Robin, you want some of this wine?" she asked innocently, motioning at the
suggestively placed bottle.  

"Sure," I replied, and draped myself across my brother's lap, caressing the
bottle first with my fingers, then my mouth. I felt like Madonna, having
oral sex with a bottle, but I was rewarded by a growing hardness beneath my
belly. Jon wasn't wearing any underwear beneath his sweats!  

He put his hand on my lower back and Daphne stroked my hair as if it was
her cock I was sucking on. I removed the bottle from between my lips and
looked back at him.  

"Surprise," I said.

The hand on me was shaking a little, but his cock was as hard as ever.  

"Robin...are you sure?" he asked, sounding as nervous as I felt.  
I sat up and straddled his lap. His hands rested neutrally against my
ankles.  

"I've been asking myself that all day," I said, "and yes, I'm very sure."  

"We're both very sure," Daphne said, placing a hand firmly on my thigh.  

He sighed, and I could see him bow to the inevitable.

"Who am I to resist?" he said, and seized my waist. I draped my arms around
his neck and planted my mouth on his. He tasted good, yielding completely
to my tongue, his hands reaching around to hold my ass. I felt Daphne close
by and opened my eyes to see her nibbling on his ear.  

We worked together to get his clothes off, Daphne taking the top. I slid
off his lap and pulled at his sweats. His cock popped free. Not until that
moment did I appreciate how well-hung my brother was, and I hurried to get
his pants off so I could explore his manhood in detail.  

On my knees between his legs, I wrapped my fist around the shaft of his
penis. He was certainly bigger than any man I'd had. I stroked the shaft,
then traced around the hood of his glans with one finger, tickling the
cleft below his cum-hole. A drop of pre-cum oozed its way out and I
gathered it up on my finger and popped it into my mouth. Jon and Daphne
were both watching me. He had an arm around her, under her arm and cupping
her breast. He reached down and touched my cheek, his expression eager.
Daphne 
smiled and turned to kiss him.  

I returned my attention to the cock pulsing in my grasp. Cupping his loose
scrotum with one hand, I bathed the glans with my tongue, mixing my saliva
with his pre-cum. The taste was tart, grainy, and I wondered if I could get
him to come in my mouth. Determined to try, I opened my mouth and took him
in.  

Going down on a man gives me a feeling of power. I'm in control of his
pleasure. I had a very good teacher, and I used every technique I knew. Jon
was bigger than I was used to, so I didn't even try to deep-throat him, but
I took him as deep as I could and let my tongue do the work for awhile.
Then I used my tongue and lips on the shaft, and sucked hard on the glans
alone.  
I don't pay any attention to what they were doing up above, but eventually
I felt Daphne's skin against mine, kneeling beside me. I moved over and
glanced at her. She put a hand over the one of mine that held Jon's cock
and fondled one of my buttocks with the other.  

"Wanna share?" she asked.

"Sure." We both started licking his cock. He had a hand on each of our
heads, moaning softly. I licked my way down his shaft and sucked his balls
into my mouth one by one, letting Daphne do the deep duties. A few moments
later she pointed him in my direction. I ran my fingers over the slick
cum-hole and looked at him.  

"I want you to come in my mouth," I told him.

"Do it, Jon," Daphne said. "He's got lots of stamina," she said to me. "We
can make him come lots of times tonight."  

"Okay," Jon said, "Daphne knows how to get me off. After that, I want some
of Robin's tits."  

"You come for me, you can have them," I replied.

"I'll pump, you suck," Daphne said. I watched her for a couple of strokes,
then took the head of his cock between my lips. They each had a hand on my
head as I moved it up and down. The muscles in his legs flexed and his
moans grew louder. Daphne pumped his cock with a steady rhythm.  

His grip on the back of my neck tightened and I knew an orgasm was
imminent. Daphne stopped stroking. Taking his cock deeper, I  heard him
groan and received a stream of warm fluid in my mouth. I swallowed, used
the increased lubrication to take him deeper, and got another squirt. It
was too much and I let it spill from my lips. Letting his cock go, I was
going to wipe my mouth with my hand, but Daphne got to me first, licking my
lips clean then pushing her tongue into my mouth. 

We knelt side by side and looked at Jon's amazed face.  

"This isn't real, is it?" he asked. "It's just a dream I'll have to wake up
from."  

"No, we're real," Daphne said with a wink at me. "And now you get to do
something for us."  

"He gets my breasts," I said, jumping up and straddling his lap again. His
cock was still hard against my vulva, but I wasn't paying any attention to
it. I held my breasts out to him and he pressed his face between them. I
let his hands replace mine, and he squeezed, then started pinching and
rolling my nipples. The pleasure shot through my chest and down to my
clitoris, using my backbone as a shivering, quivering highway.  

As Jon made love to my breasts, I felt warm wetness on my bottom. Daphne
was licking and kissing the my butt, and her hand snaked around in front of
me, between my legs, and found Jon's cock, nestled against my slit. There
was no shyness to her; her hand moved against my pussy as much as it
massaged his cock. I moaned with the joy of their touch.  

Her other hand was busy too. She'd learned quite a lot with me that
afternoon, because she was sliding a finger up my anus, moistened with her
own saliva or pussy juice. She worked it in and out, finger-fucking my ass,
and I almost lost it.  

"Daphne, stop a minute," I gasped. "Don't move it!" I didn't want to come
yet, but her finger felt just right in my ass. I pulled Jon's head from my
breasts and pressed my open mouth against his.  He reached down and grabbed
both asscheeks and squeezed until I broke the kiss.   

I rolled off his lap, taking Daphne's finger with me, feeling the ring of
my anus turn around her it. I lay against the arm of the couch, and enjoyed
the sight of my brother regarding my body.  

"What are you thinking?" I asked him.

"Trying to figure out how I can go down on both of you at the same time,"
he said. He must have been beyond amazement at the situation and into
seriously taking advantage of it.  

"Oooh, I knew this was gonna be good!" Daphne said. 


"I think I know," I said. I pushed the finger from my anus and rolled off
the couch. "On your back, Daphne." She obeyed, and I lowered myself on top
of her, spreading her legs with my knees, carefully positioning my mound
over hers.  

"Mmm, I like this," she said. I grinned down at her and looked back at Jon.
He was already on his knees behind us, and I felt his hand exploring my
pussy. From Daphne's reaction, his other hand was busy with hers. He slid a
finger into me as far as it would go, and pressed his lips to my ass,
almost biting, then sliding down to the inside of my thigh, and further
down between Daphne's legs. Her cheek pressed hard against mine, her hands
on my back.  

"Ohhh," she said in my ear. I felt Jon's head against my thigh, but his
mouth was lower down. Then it came up and his tongue probed my clitoris.  

"Ummm," I said.

"This isn't it," he said. His hand rested on my rear.

"What do you have in mind?" I asked, wanting to give him whatever he
wanted.  

"Get up, Robin," he said.

"Only if I have to." I got up on my knees and looked at him, kneeling next
to me, his cock still rock-hard.  

"Here, lay on your back and put your pussy up against hers."  

"Oh!" I said, seeing what he wanted. I did as he asked, my right leg over
her left leg, her left leg over my right, and we moved until our nether
lips were kissing. "This is good," I said. I got up on my elbows. Daphne
had elevated herself similarly. I wiggled my hips.  

"Umm, yeah, that is good!" she said.

Jon ran his hands over our bellies. "I cannot believe I've got both of
you..." His hands went up over our ribcages and he took a breast in each
hand, kneading them gently, contrasting their differences. I saw Daphne
close her eyes and did the same, enjoying the sensation and the knowledge
that Daphne was feeling the same touch.  

Then I felt his breath on my pubis. This must be satisfactory, I thought,
and felt him kiss first Daphne's mound, then mine. His hand left my breast
and went beneath me, resting against the curve of my lower back. I opened
my eyes.  

He knelt at our hips, bending over our conjoined cunts. I watched his
tongue stab out and find my clitoris, and I felt Daphne's thighs tremble
against mine. He had hit both clits at once!  
"That's it, Jon!" I said. "More!" He started to lick faster, sometimes
getting both of us together, sometimes concentrating on one of us. His
tongue was marvelous. He pressed his mouth to our mounds and his tongue
probed far down between us. 

A finger slid down the cleft between my buttocks. As the heat spread in my
belly, I lifted one breast and started licking my nipple. This was where I
wanted my first orgasm. His magic tongue concentrated on my clit and put me
over the edge. Then he turned his attention to Daphne, and I heard her
sounds of ecstasy and felt her legs quiver and convulse with orgasm.  

We just laid there for a few minutes, a little lost in the afterglow, but I
wanted more and was sure the other two did too. Jon hadn't fucked either of
us yet, and extended foreplay wasn't what I had in mind for the evening.
Carefully I extricated myself from the delightful position I was in. Jon
stood to relieve his legs, and Daphne rolled onto her belly. I stroked her
rear and the insides of her thighs. She sighed. 

"I really want to get fucked right now," she said.

"I can do that," Jon said eagerly.

"Just be sure there's some left for me," I said, looking at his erection
with anticipation.  

"Oh, there will be," he assured me, reaching down and giving my breast a
squeeze. I smiled up at him, and he pulled me to my feet and kissed me.  

"We should have done this a long time ago," he said.

"We didn't know," I replied.

"Fuck me!" Daphne said from the floor. He looked at her and hugged me.  

"Your turn soon," he said.

Daphne had her rear in the air, and he slapped her ass lovingly. Her vagina
gapped open just at the level of his cock, and he found the way in easily.
I watched for a minute, then remembered this was supposed to be a
threesome. I crawled up beside him, put one arm around him and the other
hand on her bottom. He slid an arm around me and started fondling my
bottom, and I initiated a kiss. It made him miss his rhythm a little, and I
turned a little bit more to face him, my leg in close contact with hers. I
didn't mean to totally distract him, but pretty soon his only contact with
her was his cock; his other hand was doing some wonderful things to my
breasts. 

Then I felt a hand between my legs. I couldn't turn to look, but Daphne
must have twisted around and was probing me. She put two fingers into my
vagina, then played around the rim of my asshole. There were way too many
hands on me at once and I loved it.  

As Jon got closer to orgasm he started concentrating more on Daphne, and I
put some effort into helping him along. His strokes were long, and I was
able to reach down between them, circling his slick, hard cock with two
fingers, pressing them back against her labia. I  squeezed. It must have
been just what he needed. His occasional moans turned to rhythmic grunts,
and he thrust himself all the way into Daphne and let out a long loud sigh
as he came.  

I pulled my hand out and offered my fingers to him. He sucked them into his
mouth and let them go, then he leaned over Daphne's back and cupped her
breasts. I stretched out in front of her and accepted her kiss. Then she
got up and hugged Jon.  

She wiggled her fingers at me, which I took to be an invitation, so I
joined the embrace. I think Daphne expected me to come up behind her, but I
pressed myself up against Jon instead, moving my hands from his body to
hers, mounding my breasts against his back, rubbing my triangle against his
butt. I held one hand on Daphne's waist and insinuated the other between
their bellies. He was almost as hard as he had been in the circle of my
fingers. 

"I've got to go," Jon said.

"Where?" I asked without thinking.

"To the bathroom, Robin."

"Oh!"

He left, Daphne and I sat there for a minute, catching our breath. Then I
took her hand and pulled her with me to the couch. We sat with our legs
entwined, our heads close together.  

"Having fun?" she asked.

"You might say that," I replied, and we both laughed.

"I don't want the orgasms to end," she said, rolling her eyes. "I think it
could be addicting."  

"Here," I said, leaning back against the arm of the couch. "Let's do it
like we were on the floor earlier." We rearranged ourselves so our pussy
lips were kissing again. "Oh, that feels good just putting my pussy against
yours," I said.  

"It's nice," she said, "but I'm not getting enough...friction." She had a
soft hand on my thigh and rolled her hips slowly, which I had to agree was
pleasant, but a long way from orgasm-inducing. "Take my hands," she said,
holding them out to me. We both had to half sit up, but it pushed our
pussies even tighter together, and I could actually feel her erect clitoris
against mine.  

"Much better," I said. Holding hands, we began rocking back and forth. Soon
we were panting, as much from the pleasure of our building orgasms as from
the exertion. She came with a outrush of breath and let go my hands. I
moaned with disappointment and dug my fingers in between us, hardly able to
separate my flesh from hers. I found my engorged nub, and diddled myself
off.  

Afterwards I stroked her belly and breasts with my foot. Her foot started
to do the same thing, but I grabbed it and sucked on her big toe. It was
then I saw Jon leaning on the back of the couch watching us.  

"That looked like fun," he said, looking at me.

"Oh, it was.  Was it fun to watch?"

"Definitely. Can I see some more?"

"Sure," Daphne said. "What would you like?"

"Hmm... how about a sixty-nine?"

"I'll get on top," I said.

Daphne scooted down so she was flat on her back and I straddled her head.
She ran her hands over my thighs and flanks and breathed on my damp, hot
vulva. I brushed my breasts repeatedly over her belly, enjoying the
tingling in my nipples. Almost simultaneously I felt the touch of Daphne's
tongue on my nether regions and Jon's hand caressing my back and buttocks.
My breasts spread against Daphne's stomach and I buried my head between her
legs, licking from clit to the bottom of her vagina and back. It wasn't the
most comfortable position, but the things Daphne was doing to me were
divine and I tried to reciprocate. I got the first orgasm this time, but
kept eating at her until I felt her convulsing beneath me.  

I rolled off of her and sat beside the couch and kissed her thoroughly. I
swear I had never had another woman who was as good as she was. But I was
more than ready for some cock. The softness and mirror-familiarity of
another woman is all very well and good, but I was ready for a pounding
penis.  

"Jon, I really need you," I said, holding out my hand to him. I rolled onto
my back, knees up and legs spread wide. He seemed to know that there was no
need for preliminaries as he knelt between my legs, his hands on my knees,
his cock standing magnificently at a proud upward angle. He bent over and
kissed me, and I felt the blunt tip of that enormous cock seeking my slick,
waiting pussy. I reached down and took him in my hand, taking just a moment
to squeeze and pump him before guiding him to his reward.   

When he felt the tip between my labia he pushed. With an exquisite mix of
pain and pleasure he went all the way in with one thrust of his hips,
burying his cock to its root inside of me. I'd never had a cock his size in
me, and I was in heaven when he started the long, slow strokes that went
from all the way in to almost all the way out and back again.  

"Jan, you're so tight..." he said. "Umm, so good..."

"And you're so big, lover," I replied, catching my breath as he buried
himself in me again. "Faster, please!"  

He obeyed, and my whole world became the joining of my sex and his sex, the
increasing speed of his pistoning cock in my receiving cunt, and Daphne's
hands massaging my breasts. The pleasure was beyond orgasm. I was in a
fuzzy, tingling world where my hands touched nothing but his skin, where
the only sounds were our breathing and moans, the only smells our sweat and
the musk from between our legs.  

His strokes became shorter and faster and I knew he was close to coming. I
raised my feet and wrapped my legs around his waist. The change in angle
did it for both of us. Our orgasms were almost simultaneous, the feeling of
his semen pumping into my vagina triggering my own explosion of ecstasy.  
He kept going a for a few more strokes, making sure it was all out, before
lowering himself onto me, smothering me with an overwhelming kiss.  

"Oh, God that was good," I said when he finally removed his tongue from my
mouth. I held him tight with both arms and legs, feeling his cock slowly
shrinking inside of me. We three cuddled awhile longer, and he got up.  

I must have fallen asleep for awhile, because the next thing I remember it
was dark and I had an afghan over me. The storm had gotten quite wild
outside, and the only light inside was the fire and the occasional stab of
lightning. Jon and Daphne were sitting in front of the fire, silhouetted to
me. I shook off the blanket and went over to them.  

"Hi, Robin," Jon said, reaching up to touch my leg.

"Hi," I said. "Did I sleep very long?"

"No. Electricity went out a few minutes ago."

Daphne curled her hand around the inside of my leg, and I obligingly
widened my stance to accommodate her.  

"You ready for more?" she asked. I took stock of my body and decided that
yes, I was, and I told her so. She got her knees in front of me, put her
hands on my buttocks, and began to lap at my pussy. My clit was sensitive
and the feeling of euphoria was almost instantaneous. I buried both hands
in her hair and savored the pleasure.  

I wasn't surprised at all when I felt Jon take hold of my hips from behind.
He snuggled in close, his cock nestling up between my asscheeks. He moved
it up and down as he held my breasts, which easily spilled out of his
hands. He must have liked it, because he kept taking hold of them, kneading
them, then letting them fall from his hands as if he couldn't contain their
bulk. It only added to my enjoyment. 

"I want to put my cock them," he said in my ear just before biting it
gently.  

"Yeah," I said. "Daphne, stop...he wants to fuck my breasts." She gave my
clit a last hard suck and sat back. I pulled away from his cock, which was
almost in my rear, and sat next to her.  "Let me slick it up a little," I
said. He got on his knees between my legs and I took his cock in my mouth.
He held my head with both hands as I tried to take him all the way in,
without success. Daphne was right up against me, one arm around me and the
other hand between my legs, taking up where her tongue had left off a
moment before. 

He was plenty wet now; his cock gleamed in the firelight. I lay back and he
straddled my ribs as I pushed my breasts part way together, leaving plenty
of room for him to put his cock. He bent over more until it lay heavy and
hot between my breasts, and I squeezed them all the way together so he was
completely engulfed in my soft flesh. It's times like this that I
appreciate my oversized tits. 

His strokes were long, just like they had been between my legs earlier, and
at the upper end I took the head of his cock in my mouth. 

Jon only tit-fucked me for a few minutes before withdrawing his cock. He
slapped my hip and told me to roll over. Daphne rose with me, and we got on
our hands and knees facing each other. Jon put his cock between us. We both
licked it, our tongues touching each other as much as we touched him. After
a few minutes he took up a position behind me, his hands working my
asscheeks, as Daphne and I liplocked. His penis poked first at my anus,
then my vagina, and there he started pushing slowly into me.   

When he was in all the way he bent over me and seized my breasts again,
roughly squeezing and rolling my nipples, making me come, the muscles of my
vagina gripping and releasing his immobile cock. When he released my
breasts, Daphne was right beneath me, taking my abused nipples in her
mouth, soothing them with her lips and tongue.  

Jon had a tight grip on my hips and started pumping, fucking me doggy
style, hard and fast. Daphne scooted further underneath me, letting my tits
brush along her breasts and belly, until she was underneath my pussy. I
felt her reach up and touch us with her fingers. Then I felt her tongue and
lips caress our sexes as Jon's hips pumped. A moment later I felt my
brother's thumb moving along the rim of my asshole, and with a push it was
in. Fleetingly I wished for another man so all three holes could be filled,
but then I imagined one of Daphne's fingers in his ass, and felt with one
hand along Daphne's stomach, across her mons, and down, plunging two
fingers into her vagina. The thought of each of us inside the other sent a
thrill through me. I moaned aloud, my orgasm coming closer. Jon pushed all
the way in and started pumping semen into me, his thumb up my ass as far as
it would go. I dipped my head between Daphne's legs, my own cries of
ecstasy muffled against her muff, and her vagina closed around my fingers
again and again. We collapsed in a heap of arms and legs and tits and cock,
sharing kisses and sucking tongues and flesh without regard to what it was
or who it belonged to. 

The End


