Author's Note

This is Part 2 of "Trio".

"Trio" is based on several stories that have been bumping around in my head
for several years. The characters and situations are key parts of a much
larger world. I need to get the events of "Trio" realized and into words
before I can get on with the rest of the story.  

"Trio" contains lesbianism, sibling incest and group sex. If any of these
subjects offend you, please don't continue. If you enjoy the story, or have
comments or criticisms, please send mail. Look for two more stories in
Trio's world, tentatively entitled "Revelation" (occurring prior to "Trio")
and "The Lair (occurring after "Trio") in the near future. 

"Trio" is copyright (c) 1994 by L.S. Hauser. All rights are retained by the
author. The right to redistribute "Trio" electronically and to print-out
for individual use is hereby granted. 
=====================================================

Part 2 - The Fist


I frigged myself to sleep and woke early, feeling refreshed. I made coffee
and sat on the porch in my robe.  

There was movement inside, and Daphne came out the door with her own cup of
coffee and robe and sat next to me.  

"Hi," she said.

"Hi," I said. I looked at her, caught her looking sideways at me, and
sipped. "No regrets?"  

"No," she said after a moment. "None at all." I held my hand out to her and
after a moment's hesitation she took it and squeezed.  

"We could go on a little hike today," I said. "There's a trail I know,
flat, in the trees..."  

"Just you and me, okay?" she said. Surprised, I agreed.

The trail was a half-dozen miles up in the hills. I stopped in a turnout
where the car would be in the shade most of the day, and pointed out an
almost-hidden trail leading into the woods. The property was owned by the
same people who owned the cabin and was quite private.  

Daphne took the knapsack first, and we started off. After a short, sharp
climb over a ridge we descended into the valley of a small stream that
drained into the lake. The walk was enjoyable, with birds singing and
squirrels in the trees and a light breeze to keep the woods from getting
stuffy.  

"Can we talk about last night?" she asked after we'd been on the trail for
about half an hour.  

"Sure, but let's stop first. There's a good spot by the stream up here a
little way. We can stop there." I wanted to talk to her, too, as well as to
my brother.

We found it about ten minutes later, a little thicket that couldn't be seen
from the trail unless you knew where it was. We sat, pulled out Diet Cokes,
and looked at each other.  

"I've never done anything like that before," Daphne said. She looked at me,
expecting an answer.  

"I have, kinda. I was at a party once that turned into an orgy. There were
three of us there, none with a date. We mostly watched."  

"Mostly?"

I just smiled.

"It was fun being watched."

"It was really fun watching."

She laughed. "Your brother..."

"Yeah." I took a long drink, remembering my hand on his cock, his mouth on
my nipple, his tongue and mine together.  

"I think you wanted more from him than what you got last night." She didn't
look at me.  

"He's my brother, Daphne. My twin brother." I wondered who I was trying to
convince.  

"So you guys have never..."

"No. That was the first time we'd ever ... touched each other like that."  

"Well, Jon does kind of lose himself to the moment during sex." She was
trying not to smile.  

"That french kiss he gave me was somewhat after sex," I shot back,
challenging.  

"Yeah, you're right, it was."

"Daphne, you don't seem to mind that I would really like to sleep with
Jon."  

She laughed.

"Why should I? You're his sister. You're no threat. I wouldn't mind sharing
him with you, 'cause you'd never take him away from me."  

I hadn't thought of it that way.

"You're right, I wouldn't do that. Couldn't do that." I sighed.  "But how
does he feel about it? Has he told you?" 

"I think last night was an indication. It doesn't matter if he's related to
you or not, part of him wants you."  

I sipped and sat for awhile. "Yeah, well, the feeling's mutual.  So what do
I do, jump him some night when you're not around?"  

She turned toward me, pushed a lock of dark hair away from her face, and
said, "Robin, I would not make you commit incest without being there to
provide moral support."  

"Or immoral support, whichever the case may be." We laughed hard, rocking
against each other. I ended up leaning on her shoulder and didn't feel much
like moving. She didn't push me off, either. I decided to take the next
logical step.  

"I'm queer, you know," I said.

"I wondered. Bisexual, I presume."

"I have no preferences. I take what's offered to me, if I find it
attractive."  

Her fingers dangled tantalizingly over my knee, their tips just brushing
it.  

"Am I attractive?" she asked.

"Well, yeah. Am I?" I wasn't sure who was doing the pushing here.  

"I've never been with another woman before." She laughed and looked at me.
"Have you heard that one before?"  

"Only the last time I said it. I was a virgin six months ago. As far as
other women were concerned, that is." I looked at her hand, still dangling.

"Do you want to?"  

"When you touched me last night...I liked it. It excited me. I've thought
about it before, wondered. I'd like to try it." Her hand landed solidly on
my knee. 

"You know," I said, covering her hand with mine, my heart thumping, "I
learned an interesting thing at that party. Threesomes are lots of fun."  

"Threesomes? Like you and Jon and me?"

"Yeah."

"You learned that at the party? Just by watching?"

"We three women were the only unattached people. The atmosphere kind of got
to us."  

"So you joined in?"

"No. We played together. One of the other women was quite experienced with
other women. It was quite ... educational. I think one with a man involved
would be at least as much fun."  

She was looking at me, a little shyly. I bent forward and touched her lips
with mine, trying to go slow, but she wasn't too interested - her tongue
parted my lips, and to my surprise she became the aggressor. Her arms went
around me and she was against me, and I spread my hand over one side of her
ass, curling my fingertips into the cleft as far as her shorts let me.  

Her tongue explored my mouth thoroughly. I love the feeling of someone's
tongue in my mouth, a warm, slippery thing, alive unlike any other part of
the body. A tongue can be like a playful seal, leaping from place to place,
from teeth to palate, or a probe, pushing and hard. Two tongues are like
lovers, twining around each other like giraffes' necks. If they could fuck,
they would.
  
Soon I'd lovingly pushed her tongue back to its own mouth and explored just
as assiduously. I felt heat building between my legs.  

The kiss ended at last. We looked at each other for a moment, and I touched
her face. She dropped her eyes; she was actually blushing.  

"Okay?" I asked. I was afraid to break the silence, afraid it would break
the moment.  

"Yes," she said, her voice barely above a whisper.

I pulled her tank top out of her shorts and up over hear head, letting her
take care of getting it off her arms. She wore a sports bra, and I pushed
it up off her lovely breasts. She took care of it, too, while I ran my
hands over the pert mounds of brown-tipped flesh. The rest of her clothes
followed quickly, and she sat cross-legged, her elbows on her knees, and
watched me strip. I felt good under her eyes, an unaccustomed pride in my
body making me thrust out my breasts as I exposed them to her.  Naked, I
knelt beside her, one knee touching her leg. 

She put her hand on my leg, leaned over, and ran it up my thigh to my hip,
up my side to my right breast. She tried to cup it, but it overflowed her
hand. She got on her knees and moved as close as she could get, one knee
between my legs. We embraced, belly to belly and breast to breast, kissing,
and this time my fingers were deep in the cleft of her ass. How deep would
she let me go? My forefinger found the rim of her anus, then the center,
and she gripped my waist harder, her kiss insistent. I pulled my finger
back, saving it for later.  

I started kissing my way downward. The downy skin of her cheek became moist
beneath my lips, and she gasped as I nipped at her earlobe. Then I drew my
tongue down her throat and into the hollow beneath her collarbone, tasting
sweat-salt on her skin. Then I reached her breast. I licked it all over,
all of it except her nipple. 

She arched her back, breathing heavily, and when I judged the time to be
right (and when I couldn't stand waiting any longer myself) I sucked as
much of her nipple into my mouth as I could. She gasped and grabbed my
head, and let out a little grunt as my tongue stabbed at her. Then I let it
go and alternated circling her nipple with my tongue and sucking at it.
Eventually I licked my way across to her other breast and did much the same
thing.  
This play eventually dissolved into more kissing, and then she wanted to do
it to me. I lay back on the rough grass, twitched my shoulders around a
little to kill an itch in the middle of my back, and let her go to it. She
straddled my hips, and I ran my hands from her knees up to her breasts,
which hung down delightfully over mine as her tongue explored the hollow of
my throat.  

I don't like my breasts all that much most of the time. They're too big,
attracts lots of attention (some of it unwelcome) and give me backaches
(all of them unwelcome). The only time I like them is during sex, whether
it's just me masturbating in bed at night or with someone else. They are so
sensitive, it's sometimes like there's direct link between them and my
clit. I've made myself come playing with my breasts alone.

So I started getting pretty excited when Daphne put her nose right between
them, then gathered one in each hand and squeezed them together. I felt her
take a deep breath in there, felt her licking and nuzzling. I held fast to
her hips, and opened my eyes only when she let my breasts go and
straightened up for a moment. We looked at each other and smiled.  

She bent over again, took my left breast between both hands and went to
work on my nipple.  

Her mouth on my breast was exquisite. She seemed to devote all of her
attention to it. The heat between my legs was like a fire, the tingling
building with delicious agony in my clit. My vagina felt like a running
faucet, and she was my only relief. Then she did the unexpected; she made
me come.  

She knew what she'd done and eased off her attentions, laying on top of me.
I wrapped my legs and arms around her.  

"You really came?" she asked, her mouth close to my ear.

"Oh, yeah."

"Jon always seems to like sucking on mine...I wanted to see what he
experiences."  

"Did you like it?" I asked.

"Yes!"

Daphne was in an exploratory mood now. Her fingers were making their way
down my ribs, across my belly, to the edge of my pubis. Her eyes and mine
had followed their progress southward, and when she stopped I spread my
legs and moved my hips, urging her on. I found her looking at me, and she
licked her lips and kissed me. She seemed nervous. I put a hand in her hair
and tried to encourage her by kissing back. Somewhere in the middle of the
kiss her hand slid between my legs and her fingers explored, first
tentatively, then with greater assurance. I knew what she was thinking; it
was very strange to touch another woman's sex for the first time, feeling
things that are very familiar, yet receiving only half the sensation.
  
She had no trouble finding my clitoris, which she touched only briefly, as
if wanting to prove she'd really found it. Then she traced the folds of my
inner lips and finally ventured a finger inside, followed quickly by a
second. Her two fingers filling me like a slender cock. I wanted more. If
she had any uncertainty of how to please me, now was the time to end it. I
broke the kiss.  

"I want your tongue down there," I said. She looked down at where her
fingers were buried to the third knuckle inside of me, and positioned
herself between my legs. She removed her fingers from my vagina, and put
her hands on the insides of my thighs, and pushed to spread them further
than they were already.  

She blew gently on my vulva, inhaling my scent. Then, just as I was about
to give her head a push, she dove in. She lapped at my labia, tasting the
juices coming from inside me, and finally unhooded my clit.  

I don't remember much after that. Her tongue was as magic to my sex as it
had been to my mouth and nipples. I remember taking a hank of her hair
between my fingers and rolling one of my nipples with the other hand, and
the waves of pleasure that rolled over me like flowing lava. I remember
being very noisy when I came. I remember tasting myself in her mouth when
we kissed afterward. She rolled onto her back.  

After regaining my equilibrium, I bent down and kissed her breast, then
rubbed my cheek down her thigh. She seemed to know what I wanted her to do
without any words. I lay on my back and she lifted her leg over my head,
and I took her lusciously wide hips in my hands and pulled her back and
down so her pussy was positioned just above me. Looking between her legs, I
saw her breasts dangling, and her head turned back to see what I was doing.
 

I ran my hands over the sweet globes of her ass and looked at the vulva
above me, then put two fingers of my right hand into her. She was wet and
very slippery and they slid in easily, all the way. I pulled my fingers out
and put two from my other hand inside, better for what I wanted to do
later.   
I finger-fucked her for a few minutes, and felt her licking my thighs. Then
I pulled her pussy down to my mouth, which I had wide open to encompass as
much of her as possible with that first contact. She tasted very neutral,
not spunky like some other women I'd tasted. I french-kissed her vulva,
carefully keeping my tongue away from her clit but letting it range over
her underbody, all the way up to her asshole and back down. She was
quivering above me, her breath cool against my moist pussy.  

Finally I probed for her clit and began circling it. She moaned even as she
licked my labia. One of the nicest things about making love to another
woman is being able to do what you want  done to you. She'd done a good job
on me.  
I briefly put the middle finger of my left hand back into her vagina, but
finger-fucking wasn't my intention. Instead I wet the rim of her asshole
with the liquid and started working the digit in. She moaned loudly and
shoved her tongue into my vagina, keeping it up as I pushed my finger
deeper up her ass, wiggling and twisting it as I flicked my tongue faster
and faster on her clit.  

"Oh, GOD!" she yelled. I felt her sphincter convulse around my finger,
followed by a constriction of her labia, and her juices gushed into my
mouth. She was going "hungh, hungh, hungh," in rhythm with the contractions
of her orgasm, and I had to swallow her pussy juice to keep from drowning.

Slowly, Daphne sat upright, being careful not to sit too hard on my face. I
started to pull my finger from her ass, and she helped, pushing it out with
contractions of her anus. Then she turned and threw herself on top of me.
We lay there kissing and hugging for a long time. 

"God, that was good," she said at last. She got off me and sat in the
grass, her knees wide, the soles of her feet pressed together, letting the
breeze blow over her pussy.  

"Want some more? Something kinky?" I asked, kneeling beside her, my left
arm around her slender waist.  

"As kinky as you want," she said, then pressed her hand to my cheek. "I'd
do anything you wanted."  

I put my hand between her legs, teasing her labia with my fingers. She
leaned against me and watched as I put first one finger inside her, then
two, gently rotating them to open her up. I put three in her, then four.
Her eyes got bigger than her cervix as she realized what I was doing, but
she never said a word, just caressed my face and let it happen.  

Four fingers was tight for awhile, but I was persistent and soon enough my
thumb found its way in, and a few moments later I had my fist up her
vagina. Once she accepted the reality of everything up to my wrist inside
her, she closed her eyes, clutching my arm.  

"You okay?" I asked.

"Yeah.  I just never imagined I could have that much up there... ugnh!" I
had started moving in and out, fist-fucking her. My whole body seemed to be
humming, I was so turned on. It didn't take her long to come, and I came
right along with her from the simple excitement of the act. I knew how it
felt to receive a fist, but I'd never done it to anyone before. It was
worth the wait.  

Slowly I drew my hand from inside her. She grabbed it and licked it clean,
then kissed me. I felt sated, almost unwilling to do another thing besides
sleep. I lay back in the grass, but she sat and watched me.  The last thing
I remember was her looking down at me, her hands idly cupping her breasts. 
====================================================

End of Part 2
