Archive-name: Family/trip1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Trip with Steph


Occasionally, I would have only one of my nieces over at the house to
spend the night. We would always schedule something nice to do together
like going to Disneyland, Magic Mountain, the beach or somewhere else
special. I only took one so I could pay special attention to her and
make it a nice event.

One time I had picked Steph up at about 4:00 to take her to dinner and
a movie that night and we were going to take a trip up to the local
mountains the next day. We went to the 5:00 showing of the movie and
there was hardly anyone there. As usual, we sat in the back row, away
from the aisle where it was dark. As I remember, it was one of those
silly teenage love stories with lots of making out and feeling in the back
seats of cars. As a result, most of the people at the movie were young and
were seated towards the front of the theater. This suited me just fine.

Steph was probably about 9 at the time. She had worn a pretty little
short dress because we had gone to dinner and she wanted to look nice.
After the movie started, she leaned over on my arm and rested her
hand on my thigh. I put my arm around her shoulders and, after making
sure no one was sitting where they could see me, dropped my hand into
her lap. She knew what I wanted, but was surprised and looked at me as
if questioning my intent. I just nodded to her and put my hand between
her legs, pressing them apart with my fingers.

She immediately opened her legs wide, and in doing so, exposed the crotch
of her white little girl panties. I fitted my hand over her fat little
pussy mound and pressed the cotton panties into the slit of her cunt.
Man was she hot. This went on for about an hour, off and on...We would
stop when hearing the door at the back of the theater open or when someone
got up to leave. After that, Steph said she had to go to the bathroom.
I told her to take her purse with her so she could take her panties off
and put them in it. She thought that was funny but also a good idea.

When she came back and sat down, she looked up at me and smiled, slowly
spreading her thighs and letting her dress come up on her legs. From all
the rubbing I had done earlier, I could see that her hairless little lips
were a little swollen and her pussy looked dark, probably red from the
agitation but it was too dark to be sure. I slipped my finger down into
her tight groove and found it to be wet and slippery. I asked her how
it got wet (she had not been lubricating well up to that point in her
young life). She told me she didn't wipe herself after peeing. When she
told me that, I reached my finger all the way down by her little asshole
and scooped up all the moisture I could. When my finger was good and wet,
I put it in my mouth and sucked it clead. She thought that was great
and really started giggling. After she laughed, she told me it made her
pee some more. Sure enough, her cunt was wet again....I ate it up again.
Then I leaned down and whispered to her that the next time she peed at my
house, I was going to watch her and then wipe her pussy with my tongue.
She said she couldn't wait.

That was the best movie I had been to in a long time. Did you like it???

--
