Archive-name: Amazon/trisha1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Trisha Grows Up - 1


As a young high school student in the south, my parents, younger sister
Pam and I had just moved into a house in a new development.  Our lot 
was located on a dead end circle with five other newly constructed
homes.  We were the first to move in and this house had an in ground 
pool and large yard, as did several of the other homes.  

Our new nextdoor neighbors turned out to be Mr. and Mrs. Webster, their
13 year old son, Brian and 14 year old daughter Trisha.  They moved in 
two weeks after us and as the summer progressed, we all became 
pretty good friends, especially Pam and Trisha, they were nearly 
inseparable.  At 14 years old, Trisha was a tall for her age, standing 
5'10", she was several inches taller than me and I was three years older, 
only Trisha was so skinny, she was all arms and legs and actually
reminded me of a spider, like a daddy longlegs.  We played a lot of sports 
and the teams were usually the guys against the girls,  Brian and I won 
most of the time except in the pool, where Trisha could swim like a damn 
fish and was able to use her height to the best advantage.  We even wrestled 
occasionally, Trisha and me, and I usually beat her by controlling her long 
skinny arms and legs and pinning her school-boy style or holding her helpless 
in a bearhug with her arms trapped by her sides while I squeezed her till 
she would give up.  It was actually quite easy with her being so thin and 
gawky.  We would have tag matches, and Pam and Brian would always tag off 
forcing Trisha and me to wrestle each other.  We didn't know many wrestling 
holds but often just rolled around enjoying the body contact (at least 
I did) till I usually pinned her or used a leg scissors or bearhug to force 
her to submit.  Nobody ever got hurt as it was all in fun and I could tell 
Trisha was enjoying the opportunity to be close to me as I was at being 
close to her.  She even on occasion rubbed between my legs with her hands 
or legs, laughing as she could feel my excitement.  
 
Trisha would get even though, usually in the pool, by dragging me to the deep
end where only she could touch bottom,  making me feel pretty helpless while
she stood in water up to her neck and held me in water over my head with her
long arms.  She was by far the best swimmer and could catch any of us easily 
and take control in the water, this put us on more even terms athletically, 
and eventually brought the two of us closer together.

When school started in the fall, we didn't see each other at all.  Trisha
and Brian both went to private schools nearby and I returned to boarding 
school in the northeast.  Trisha joined the swim team at school and within 
the year began to change physically, gaining some much needed weight and 
filling out.  I spent the following summer in the north working with relatives 
and only saw her once that fall before returning to school.  When we met she 
wrapped her arms around me and kissed me, embracing me in a hug so tight it 
took my breath away, I thought she was going to break a rib or something.  
I still don't know if she was just excited to see me or trying to prove 
something, but I quickly realized how much she had changed.  She was taller, 
I looked down thinking she might be wearing heels, no dice, just sneakers.  
I stepped back, mostly trying to catch my breath and take a good look at her.
She stood there in her jeans with a smile on her face and turned in a circle
saying "two inches taller and twenty pounds heavier, what do you think."  I
couldn't tell much from the clothes she had on, they concealed everything.
"I think you look great" I said looking up at her, "what a change."  "I 
think the swimming has really helped me gain weight but the required workouts 
with weights and all the exercises really suck,  you have to put up with them 
to be on the team though." 

We talked about our summer vacations for awhile, she said she missed me and
all the fun and games, she teased me a little about the times in the pool 
and the wrestling, laughing and saying "wish I could get you in the pool with 
me now, I think we could really have some fun."   I didn't know what she meant 
by that at the time so I let it pass, but I thought about it quite a bit 
later.  Had she really matured that much, was making some kind of pass at me 
with that statement or what?.  She asked me for my new address and gave me a 
box of stationary as a present, asking me to write her also.  Before I left, 
she wrapped her arms around me in another crushing hug while kissing me and 
then whispered in my ear "you will write to me won't you?."  She had her arms 
wrapped around my ribs, under my arms, and just held me tight till I answered 
"yes, of course I'll write you." "Every week?" she said while still holding 
me tightly against her.  "I'll try" I said.

I returned to school the next morning, still thinking about the previous 
night.  Trisha had gained twenty pounds and it felt like all of it was muscle.
Damn, I still had this image of her as this tall, skinny 14 year old in
my mind, if only I could have seen what her body looked like now.  I talked to
Pam, my sister, on the phone later and all she would say was how big a crush
Trisha had on me (did she ever) and how I was going to write to her from 
school.  Pam added that she had told Trisha that I was attracted to tall girls 
(and blonds), and she certainly was filling out that mold.  "She asks about 
you all the time, and when you are coming home."  Pam said before we said 
good-bye. 

I started writing about every week, first telling her how great it was to see 
her and how much she had changed since that summer.  How much she had grown 
and how the twenty pound weight gain looked good as much as I could tell.  
She wrote me every week,  telling me about her swim meets and how she still 
had to workout regularly to remain on the team.  How much she missed me and
couldn't wait till I came home.  She never mentioned gaining weight though, 
just how much more I would think she had changed when I next saw her.  She 
signed her letters "Love" with Xs and Os all over them.  Then eventually "I 
Miss you and Love You" after a few months.  My letters dwindled to one every 
two to three weeks but I kept writing when I had the time and thought of 
something to say. 

It was late spring and I was finally on my way home after graduation.  Pam
and my parents were there and we visited several friends of my parents on the 
way home, taking about a week to make the drive with all the stops.  I tried 
to pump Pam for information on Trisha, but she was no help, she just kept 
saying "you'll be surprised at how much she has changed" and "Trisha can't 
wait to see you."

The night we arrived I was greeted by Trisha as we began to unload the travel
van.  She surprised me with a hug and a kiss from behind as I was unloading 
the van.  She whispered in my ear "I really missed you John, I'm so glad you're
home again".  As I turned around I couldn't believe my eyes, the gawky 14 year 
old teenager from a few years ago was now standing in front of me.  Trisha was
easily over six feet tall with long blond hair and a beautiful face.  At 
seventeen years old she had turned into a towering blond beauty with a 
knockout body and a pair of legs that looked even longer than I remembered.  
Even dressed in the baggy warm-up suit like she was, I could tell she had 
gained more weight and her legs looked absolutely huge.  Taking the luggage 
from my hands she said "here, let me help you unload the van" and proceeded 
to carry four suitcases, one in each hand with one under each arm, into the 
house.  I stood there with my mouth open watching her easily carry this heavy 
load up the stairs to the house as Pam opened the front door.   
     
Trisha helped move most of the luggage into my room and we settled down in the 
basement wreckroom later that night.  Pam and Brian came in but went into 
the other room, closing the door.  Trisha said "they have been dating for over 
a year now, I think they make a great couple."  Rising up from the couch,
Trisha stood in front of me and said "I want to show you how much I've changed,
and maybe a few other things later tonight."  As she removed her wind-breaker, 
I couldn't believe how big and broad her chest and shoulders were.  Removing 
her pants, she said "dad says I've developed swimmers shoulders and legs, what 
do you think?"  Standing before me in her little two-piece bathing suit, the 
tall skinny girl nextdoor had developed into a big muscular looking young 
woman.  Her thighs were at my eye level, and they looked bigger around than 
my waist as she stood there looking down at me.  Her once long skinny arms 
were now full and solid looking, and her shoulders and upper arms looked just 
as muscularly developed as the rest of her.  All the swimming and workouts 
she wrote me about had reshaped her whole body.  "Well, what's the matter 
John, have I gotten to big and tall for you?  Take your shirt off and come 
here, stand next to me, here."

I removed my shirt and stood next to her as she requested.  I began to 
compare my body size to Trisha's, not knowing where this whole situation 
was going.  The top of my head was about even with her shoulders as I 
looked up a her smiling face.  "Make a muscle" she said as we raised 
our arms. Trisha's biceps swelled so much bigger and larger than mine 
she started to giggle.  "Do this," she said, straightening her arm 
downward, parallel to her body and making her triceps flair out visibly.  
As I copied her move, almost nothing happened when I flexed.  Trisha was 
showing off arm muscles that I didn't even have.  "I think you'll need to 
catch up to me now John," she said as she pointed and flexed her right leg 
next to mine.  Her legs were much bigger and longer than mine, when she 
flexed her thigh muscle, it got as hard as a rock and swelled even larger.  
My skinny leg simply looked like it belonged on some little boy compared 
to hers.

As I sat back down on the sofa, Trisha stood there and stared down into 
my eyes with an amused look on her face.  I couldn't believe what a beauty 
she had turned into.  Long blond hair, standing over six feet tall with the 
body of an amazon goddess, and she was still only a teenager, not yet 18 
years old.  As she leaned forward and took hold of my hand, I thought she 
was going to help me to my feet when instead, to my shock, she crouched 
down and tossed me over her shoulder and carried me out through the sliding 
glass door.  It was late, and not wanting to make noise and wake anyone, I 
kept my voice low saying, "Trisha, Trisha, what are you doing?" as she easily 
carried me across the yard to the back of her yard where the pool was.  
Opening the fence with her free hand, we entered and she lowered me to 
the ground on a blanket.  

Trisha stood over me with her hands on her hips and a smile on her face.  
Looking up at her towering body, I realized I had a full-fledged hard-on.  
She must have felt or noticed it because she said, "Well it looks like you 
like my new muscles and body from what I can see."  She lowered herself to 
the blanket and straddled my hips with her big thighs.  Taking hold of my 
hands, she pinned my wrists to the ground next to my head and started kissing 
my face and neck all over.  When she stopped, she looked at my face and asked 
me if I remembered the times in the past that we had wrestled.  I answered 
yes and told her I often thought about it. "I guess that Pam has told you by 
now that I still have a crush on you" she said.  "The reason I wanted to 
wrestle with you before, and had Brian and Pam set us up, was because I 
hoped one day that I could wrestle you and have some fun with your body.  
But I never did."  I looked at her surprised that she was still attracted
to me after all this time.  She continued "I don't think you'd mind my 
wrestling you now, would you?"

Laying there on my back with my arms pinned by my head and Trisha's thighs 
tightly gripping my waist, it was obvious to me that there was not going to 
be much of a wrestling match.  Again she kissed me long and passionately as 
she pulled my arms down to my sides.  She circled her arms under my back and 
around my ribs, pinning my arms to my sides.  She began to squeeze me tighter 
and rolled onto her back, easily pulling me with her and wrapping her long 
legs around my waist.  "I loved it when you held me like this John, I never 
wanted you to let me go.  I guess you didn't understand how turned on I was 
even then, did you?" she said smiling at my confused face.  "Now I can hold 
you like this as long as I want to, and I don't think you can stop me.  It 
even feels to me like you've got a hardon down there, don't you?"  I couldn't 
believe this was happening to me, it was like a wet dream.  I was so hard and 
excited and she knew it.  Trisha unhooked her legs from around my waist and 
spread them wide while still holding my upper body firmly against her.  
Planting her feet beside my legs, she lifted her powerful hips off the 
blanket and me right along with them.  I wanted to reach down and grasp her 
firm ass cheeks but my arms were still trapped helplessly at my sides and 
in her crushing embrace.  She held my hips like this for several long minutes, 
allowing me to squirm and hump away on her solid platform.  When she lowered 
her hips, she repositioned her legs firmly around my ass and started to 
squeeze me with both her arms and legs.  

From all the gyrating of our hips, the tip of my hardon was protruding from my
shorts.  When my knob touched her bare abdomen she crushed in on me so tightly
with her legs and arms that I nearly passed out.  She shuddered and trembled 
and with a final gasp of my name, rolled to her side and on top of my nearly
unconscious body.  

She sat on my legs, pinning my thighs with her ass and hips as she reached 
through the leg of my shorts and took hold of me.  "I think a dip in the 
swimming pool will calm you down, come on" she said as tightened her grip
on me.  "I've been waiting to get you in the water with me for a long time. 
"Come on,  you won't believe what I can do in the water now."

To be continued
--
