Archive-name: Amazon/trisha4.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Trisha Grows Up - 4


The Night I Will Never Forget

IT had to be more than 15 minutes later when I finally regained consciousness 
and realized I was still in Trisha's basement wreckroom.  I was back on the 
sofa, only now I was sitting on Trisha's lap with my shorts down around my 
ankles, her left hand tugging my erection, making it stretch then shrink 
like an accordion with each stroke of her long fingers.  "I didn't know it 
would be so easy to tame you John," she said.  My thighs put you out in 
only a few seconds and I wasn't really squeezing you that hard.  "All the 
times I've wrestled with Brian, he only passed out on me twice, and it took 
ten times longer and I really put a crush on him".  I didn't know what to
say but I could knew it wouldn't make any difference, but what she said 
next took me by surprise.  "I think you're going to be spending a lot more
time with me this summer John, you might not be able to keep your landscaping 
job, but I can get you work with me at the swim club.   Won't that be great? 
Well? What do you think?" she asked.  The whole time she spoke she kept 
jerking my tool and like it or not, I was getting harder and harder.  Then
she shifted her legs, clamping them together and trapping my knees firmly 
between her solid thighs.  She just kept on talking and never gave me time 
to answer even if I could have.  "I think it's going to be wonderful.  Besides, 
there's nothing you can do about it right now anyway, I think you realize I'm 
much stronger than you are now and I just love it when I get you all turned on 
like this and helpless".  I was already sufficiently weakened from the earlier 
encounter with Trisha's powerful thighs, and her nonstop stroking of my 
privates had me moaning in pleasure with my mind wondering somewhere else.  
She slowly wrapped her right arm around my chest, bending me backwards and 
pulling me to her side.  Her powerful right arm crushed down across my chest 
and stomach, pinning me so tight I was having difficulty breathing.  She 
slid her right hand down under my ass and grabbed my cheeks firmly, pushing 
my hips upward and forcing me to arch in a painful backstretching position.  
She had me helpless and she continued to stroke me till I erupted in a 
frightening display of delirious relief.  I couldn't have stopped her no 
matter how hard I tried, I had to do something to put a stop to this.  


Before, when she had trapped me in the pool using her thighs to get me
off, it was more like a simulation of sex.  It felt good then, even 
though she had forced me somewhat against my will.  But this was 
something different, trapped under her arm and between her powerful
thighs while she played with me and forced me to ejeculate.  This 
wasn't playful wrestling anymore, this was more like physical domination,
and there was nothing I could do to stop her, she was way to strong for 
me.  I was embarassed by my helplessness and inability to stop her, I
was prepared to fight.  As I started to struggle to get free, Trisha
laid back on the sofa and pulled me on top of her.  She wrapped her
arms and legs around my chest and waist and smiled up at me saying
"Don't be mad at me John, I just wanted to prove to you that I can
take you like that whenever I want to, against your will if necessary.
Now be a good boy kiss me."  She captured my lips with hers and kissed
me, her tongue probing my mouth as she held my head firmly in place 
with one hand manipulating my neck.  I felt her arms and legs tighten
around my body squeezing me with such force I found myself actually 
listening to hear which bones were going snap first.  Her mouth and 
tongue never let me go, she just kept tightening her grips each time I 
struggled to take a breath of air.  My eyes were pleading with her now
to release me, her lips mashed to mine, her tongue probing, thrusting, 
deep into my mouth, her eyes cold and smiling as she knew I was fading 
slowly into darkness.  With a final surging squeeze from her long arms
and crushing thighs, I passed out.   


I woke up around midnight to find myself partially dressed and laying on
the sofa in my basement wreckroom, Pam was there and said "I let Trisha
in, she carried you over here, she said you fell asleep at her house.  
You sure don't look like you fell a sleep" she said with a laugh as she
went upstairs.  I thought for a moment maybe this had been just a bad dream, 
but my sore back and ribs told me a different story.  I thought about trying
to never seeing her again but realized that with her living right nextdoor 
and Brian and Pam so attached to each other, there was really no way I could 
avoid her amorous attacks.  Hell, my parents treated her like a daughter and 
they would never have believed what she had done, even if I told them.  I 
could barely believe it myself.  The only two believers I knew were Pam and 
Brian.  I think Pam knew everything that was going on and she loved it, 
Trisha had been keeping Brian in line for several months, and now she had 
me, I was the center of her attention.  Sure, she was built like a god damn 
goddess and the swimming and weight lifting had made her tremendously strong, 
but I really don't think she fully realized what she was doing to me.  She 
treated the whole situation like it was some sort of crazy game, enticing and
seducing me with her her abundant charms and then physically dominating me, 
taking complete control over me, physically, emotionally and sexually.  I was 
still attracted to her ample charms, but now I was truely afraid of what she 
could do to me physically, I was glad that the previous encounters with her 
awsome power had been in private, with only the two of us.  I knew that Brian 
was well aware of what Trisha could do, in fact he was probably glad that I was 
now her new target, she was letting him get off easy.  What I really hoped
was that if I played along for a while, things might calm down to a more 
mutually gratifying relationship.  What I'm trying to say is that this girl 
is genuinely beautiful, and built like she emerged from one of my wet dreams.  
Only now she seemed to have developed this physically dominating attitude, 
and it was focused on me.  As I climbed into bed that night, I felt something 
tug on my penis, lowering my shorts I discovered a fuzzy little red bow tied 
around its' base, just like the bow Trisha had worn in her hair earlier that 
night.  I wondered why she did that?, I wondered what the next two weeks would
be like with her parents out of town, I wondered if I could survive.


The next day, Saturday morning, my ribs and back were still sore, feeling much
like the morning after playing a football game.  The lasting effect of Trisha's 
awsome legs were still with me as I headed towards her house not knowing what 
to expect.  It was about nine o'clock when I tapped on the back door and found 
Brian doing the wash in the laundry room.  Looking somewhat embarrassed he said 
"Trisha said you were to go upstairs to her room when you got here" and nothing 
more but continued about his work.  I slowly climbed the stairs and found 
Trisha in her room with her closet nearly empty and the clothing laid all 
over the bed.  "Half these outfits don't fit me anymore" she said, "I've 
outgrown them all, I need you to help me bag them up for Goodwill."  She 
was wearing a little yellow teddy bear nighty that barely covered below 
her naval and matching yellow bikini panties that allowed her fluffy blond 
bush to protrude from each side.  I couldn't take my eyes off her big, firm 
looking tits, the nighty she wore was so sheer that I could see her full 
firm breasts and dark pink nipples right through the material every time 
she passed in front of the window and closet light.  At several trips into 
the closet to sort out the remaining outfits, I heard Trisha laughing as she 
returned wearing the red heels from the night before.  She walked right up 
to me, backing me up against the wall and pinned me there with my face mashed 
between her solid breasts.  "You've been gawking at my chest all morning John,
is this a close enough look for you?"  When I raised my hands to feel her 
gorgeous tits, she grabbed my wrists in each hand and pinned them to the wall 
above my head.  Now she was pressing her whole body against me, smothering my 
face with her tits and grinding her big thighs against my hips with so much 
force I thought we would burst through the wall to the next room.  I could 
only gasp for air every few seconds as she rolled my face between her breasts 
and kept saying "Is this close enough John?  Feel how solid the are, go on 
feel them John, kiss them, Kiss Them John !! and then she wrapped both her 
arms around my head, surrounding me with her bountiful breasts.  I was nearly 
unconcious and felt like I was literally hanging by my trapped head.  "You're 
not going to pass out on me again are you John?" she laughed.  Trisha pulled 
me over next to her bed and uncoiled her powerful arms from around my head, 
letting me slide mercifully from between her arms, onto the bed.  


She was dressed and waiting, smiling down on me from the foot of the bed when
I finally came to my senses.  Her hand was inside my shorts, playing with the
ribbon from the night before.  "I see you're still wearing my little reminder
John, I like that, it keeps me on your mind." she said.  "Why do you keep 
doing this to me Trisha? Why?" I asked.  " Because I know how much you love 
my breasts, and my big body John.  I Love to turn you on and watch you squirm, 
you're usually hard as a rock the whole time too, I can feel it.  You might not
have known it, but thats' what you did to me all summer long a few years a go" 
she said.  "What are you talking about" I said  "Come on, I'll tell you later, 
we're going food shopping, I need you to buy beer and soda for my party 
tonight, some of my friends from school will be here, I want them to meet 
them."


She never fully explained what she ment about her earlier statement, but I got
the idea that when we rolled around and wrestled 2 or 3 years a go, set up by
Pam and Trisha, she was getting really turned on the whole time, and I never      
took advantage of it.  Hell, she was only 15 or 16 years old then and a skinny
little shit, but now she had developed into this six foot plus amazon and she
still wanted me, she was still playing this like some stupid game.  The problem
was, I couldn't stop her and she knew it.


The party was a real hit, twenty plus students from high school and junior 
college, mostly Trisha's girlfriends (and there boyfriends) plus a few of
Brian's and Pam's friends.  It started around eight and had pretty much cleared 
out by twelve.  I met all of them and Trisha stayed in line most of the night.
She didn't embarass Brian and kept her hands off me except for a few backroom
caresses.  I did notice that most of the guys stayed away from Trisha, she 
wore her red heels and towered over everyone, especially me.  She kept 
introducing me by saying "This is my little guy, John" and hugged me to her 
chest or under her arm, pulling me tightly against her.  With her heels on, 
her legs looked unbelievably long and her calves and thighs showed noticable
definition when she walked.  My head was about even with her tits and she 
pulled me against them whenever she put her arm around me as we walked.   
When she hugged me like that she occasionally brushed  her thigh across my 
crotch, laughing after the fourth or fifth time when she felt my hardness, 
nobody seemed to notice it was deliberate and I knew it.  She had a lengthy 
conversation with Pam and two of her girl friends, Sandy and Nora.  They were 
both two big healthy looking girls from her school swim team,  Trisha had 
them all beat though, she was taller and more muscular looking than all the 
other women.  A lot of the other girls were checking me out, probably 
wondering why Trisha was so attracted me, and the fact that she was so 
much bigger than I was.  The party started to breakup around 11:30, Pam 
left with Sandy and Nora, but I noticed their car was still in front of 
the house later on.


Brian was doing all of the cleaning up from about 12:00 on, I figured Trisha
had given him the word and he went about his business like he had with the
laundry earlier.  About 12:30 Trisha pulled me into the house and overwhelmed
me with kisses and hugs, picking me up several times as she passionately held
me captive with her powerful arms.  I think she was a little drunk, she was
laughing and giggling the hole time and seemed to be in a great mood.  She 
wanted to change into her swim suit for a midnight plunge.  "You're comming
along too" she instructed.  "You better change or I'll pick you up and toss
you in with your clothes on" she laughed.  I changed and we headed for the 
pool a few minutes later with our towels in hand.  Trisha was wearing a new
red pattern bikini, matching the 4" red heels she had bought earlier.  I 
really thought this was going to be a fun time, Trisha was in a good mood and 
had been dazzling all night.  She was happy with the way I handled myself 
with her friends and now we were going to be alone together in the pool.  
I never expected what she had in store for me. 


About half way out the walkway to the pool, which was located at the far end of 
their yard, she stopped and pulled me to her.  She wrapped her arms around me 
in another passionate kiss while rubbing my crotch with her thigh.  Sliding her 
hand down the front of my pants she giggled "I see your still wearing my little
reminder John, and your getting stiff already".  She played with me for several
minutes, forcing my head back with another long lingering kiss.  I got as hard 
as a rock almost instantly, she picked me up and I straddled he right hip.  She 
held me there with just her right hand tightly grasping my ass, my erection
pressed firmly to her side as she carried me towards the pool.  As we 
approached the pool fence, I noticed the under water pool light was left on.  
She opened the gate and then I saw Pam, with Sandy and Nora sitting on lounge 
chairs by the side of the pool.  I tried to push away to get free but Trisha 
quickly shifted me in front of her and wrapped both arms around my waist and 
held me tight as she walked towards them.  She was squeezing my waist pretty 
tight as she stopped in front of Pam and removed her heels.  I was kicking my 
legs and pushing on her shoulders with my arms, but a quick and powerful jolt 
of pressure from Trisha's muscular arms took my breath away and nearly broke 
my ribs.  I was gasping for air now, my struggling had stopped momentarily 
when I heard Trisha say " You girls ready for the show?  I know John is, and 
he won't disappoint us will you honey?"


She walked to the deep end of the pool and jumped in, taking me to the bottom
and squeezing the air from my lungs.  When Trisha released me,  I came to the
surface gasping for air and choking up water.  She scooped me up in her arms 
and pulled me under again before I reached the pools edge.  Her hands pulling
my trunks off easily as I struggled to surface for air.  I couldn't escape, she 
wrapped me up in a bearhug that had my arms pinned helplessly to my sides and 
then clamped her thighs together around my cock.  The water was up to my neck 
and Trisha held me tight in her arms while she kept flexing and mashing her 
thighs together on erection.  She was kissing my face and then my lips to keep
my quiet while slowly constricting her arms till I was weak and breathless 
from my struggling.  I was helpless and nearly unconscious after only a few 
minutes in her ever tightening bearhug, she released me and turned my body 
around so I was facing the three girls.  She placed her hands under my arm 
pits and lifted me high in the air at arms length.  She slowly moved closer 
to the shallow end of the pool where the stairs were, holding me aloft the 
whole time and in full view of the three amused spectators.  The closer
we got to the side where the girls were sitting the more facinated they were.
Now at the shallow end near the stairs, Trisha still held me high over her 
head like a trophy with the girls only several feet away and staring at my 
pole.  "Gee John, I had no idea you had such a big dick" Pam said as all 
the girls started laughing.  


Trisha finally lowered me into the water and then scooped me up into her arms 
and carried me from the pool.  "Good show Trisha, Yeh good show Trisha" said 
Sandy and Nora.  "Oh we're not through yet are we John?" said Trisha "there's 
still more to come" she laughed.  The other girls laughed too, knowing exactly
what she had in mind.


It had to be the most embarassing time in my life, manhandled and put on 
display by a girl four years younger than me.  They all loved it, especially 
Pam.  Trisha sat down on a lounge chair and twisted me into the same position 
she used on me the night before.  Trapping my skinny legs impotently between 
her solid thighs and crushing my chest with her strong right arm, pinning me 
helplessly under her armpit.  She pushed my hips so high in the air with her 
right hand I thought she was going to break my spine.  When I didn't respond 
immediately to her manipulating fingers, she had Nora squirt my privates with 
suntan oil from a nearby table.  The three girls gathered around and watched 
Trisha work me over.  Pam was more interested in looking at my face, smiling 
down at me as Trisha jerked me to the most embarassing climax of my life.  
"Good show John, Yeh, Come again some time" they all laughed.
 
--
