Archive-name: Amazon/trisha3.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Trisha Grows Up - 3


I layed in bed that night staring at the ceiling while retracing the events 
of what had happened.  I still could not believe how easily this teenage
amazon had been able to manhandle me.  Not only did she dominate me physically,
but mentally and sexually as well.  I think I was actually afraid of what she 
was capable of doing to me,  Trisha physically outweighed me by over 45 lbs, 
and she was nearly eight inches taller than me in her bare feet.  Her physical 
strength in her upper body alone had easily crushed me till I was gasping for
air and completely helpless.  As I thought about the size of her long muscular
legs and how powerful they must be compared to her arms, I knew that whatever
Trisha wanted from me,  she would get it, one way or another.  I think what  
frightened me the most was how she had captured me in the pool, and the ease 
with which she was able to take control of me sexually, reducing me to a 
blubbering little boy as she lifted me above her head, played with my erection 
and then used her tightly clenched thighs on my throbbing manhood, forcing me 
to climax uncontrollably as she held me in her powerful grip.  

Sure it felt great at the time, in fact I had never felt anything like it before
in my life, only I know I couldn't have stopped her from doing this to me even 
if I tried.  The more I thought about this whole turn of events, how much taller
and how big and powerful she had become in only a few years, the more I wondered 
what this overpowering teenager would think of next. 


Trisha still had one week of school remaining before summer break, this kept
her busy during the day but at night she would stop by after practice all pumped
from her workout and eager to see me.  I was glad she didn't want to swim, having
done so for several hours at practice, but she apparently just wanted to be with
me and often stayed till late at night.  We talked and watched tv, played cards 
and computer games while kissing and fondling each other when no one else was 
around.  There allways seemed to be someone around though, my parents, Brian or 
Pam, so we never got too hot and heavy, and Trisha never got carried away, or I 
should say she never carried me away.  I did notice that she really had Brian 
under some kind of control though, when ever she asked (or told) him to do or 
get something for her, he really hopped to it no matter what he was doing.  This
whole picture became much clearer as the summer progressed.


I got a job with a local landscaper, working from 8am to 4pm, Trisha wasn't to
happy about it now that school was out, but I needed the money.  I also thought
it might help me get in some kind of shape, but it really just tired me out and
I ended up loosing between 5-10lbs after only a week.  Trisha asked me over one
night and I knocked on the door about eight o'clock.  I could hear her yell,
"Brian get the door,"  he opened it a few seconds later and really looked like 
hell.  "What the hell happened to you?" I said.  "Mom and dad are out shopping
before their trip, Trisha and I had an argument, I'll tell you later" he said
as Trisha came into the room.  She stood there and glared at Brian as he walked 
away, then slowly embraced me with her long arms.  She kissed me so long and 
hard while her tongue probed my mouth,  I began to feel that same weak and 
powerless feeling I had felt only a few weeks earlier.  When she released me, 
she smiled down at me and said "follow me upstairs, I want you to see my room."


Trisha was wearing a pair of short red gym shorts, slit up the side and tightly
hugging her big thighs.  The tee shirt she wore had her high school logo on the
front, and it too fit just tight enough to display her erect nipples, making it
obvious she was wearing no bra.  As I followed close behind her going up the 
stairs, my eyes were bugging out at the definition displayed by the muscular
legs.  Her calves were simply bigs balls of hard looking muscle, and with each
step she took, they alternately flexed and hardened into wedge shaped solidity.
The backs of her thighs looked just as firm, with not even the slightest jiggle
to them as she climbed the stairs before me.  When we got to the top, she turned
and entered Brian's room, and I could see it was now Trisha's bedroom.  This 
bedroom was much bigger than the other, (now Brian's room) and had more windows
and faced our house.  "Brian and I traded rooms last year, he didn't mind the
switch at all" she said.  Something was funny here, Brian always bragged about
having the bigger bedroom.

"Take a look at the pictures on the wall" she said as she entered her closet 
looking for something.  "I bought these last week, I wanted to see if you liked
them on me" she said.  I turned around and found myself looking directly into 
Trisha's big chest.  "Well, what do you think?" she said as I looked down at her
new red high heels and then up into her smiling face.  "I know you like me tall"
she said as she backed me up against the wall,  "and now I'm even taller and your
just the right size."  My face was being mashed against the wall between her 
boobs and her thigh was rubbing my crotch as she moved it back and forth.  She
wrapped her arms around me and picked me up for a moment.  Placing her highheeled
foot on a nearby step stool, she let me slide back down onto her big left thigh,
only now my feet dangled just off the floor.  As I straddled her leg, she smiled
down at me and said "these 4" heels are just the right size, and you're just the
right height too."  She held me like that for several long minutes, kissing and
rocking me back and forth till I was as hard as a rock.  When she finally lowered 
me to the floor, my boner was sticking out in my shorts like a minature flagpole. 


Trisha changed back into her sneakers and I tried my best to hide my boner 
when we heard her parents car pull into the garage.  We ran downstairs into 
their basement wreckroom and as I looked around at all the weights and exercise 
equipment, Trisha told her parents we were going to workout for a while.  "We're
going to pack for our cruise and then to bed honey, don't stay up too late." Mrs. 
Webster said as they left.  "Mom and dad are going on an Alaskan Cruise, and 
we'll have the house all to ourselves for the next two weeks" she said.  I didn't
know if I liked the sound of that, two weeks alone with an Amazon Teenager, I
didn't think I would survive.


Trisha sat down on a rowing machine and just kept going on and on.  "Dad bought
most of this stuff at garage sales and store closeouts, he doesn't use it much
anymore and Brian doesn't touch them at all.  I usually workout at school, but 
in the summer and on weekends all winter, I spend a lot of time down here." She
got up and went to some leg exercise machine, doing these leg extensions that 
made her thighs swell with each repetition.  After several sets of 15 and 20 
reps, her thighs looked ready to burst her gym shorts and they actually jumped
to attention when she flexed them.  She walked over to me and told me to climb
onto her back, which I did and she hooked my one of my legs under each arm.  She
did about about 50 deep knee bends (squats) while holding me like that, in two
sets of 25.  She carried me around the basement between and after the sets and 
just kept talking.  "You weigh alot less than Brian does, he helps me with 
workouts like this sometimes, not too often anymore.  We wrestled alot too, 
mostly last year, before I started to kick his ass all the time.  I still like to
put him in his place now and then, it really is easy with these big legs of mine.  
That's how I ended up with his bedroom, I bet him I could beat him without 
using my legs at all, and I won, he was really pissed.  Come on lets see how 
strong you are."     
        

When she set me down on the carpet I thought we were going to have some kind of
weight lifting contest, but now she wanted to wrestle with me.  If she was easily
beating Brian, who was much bigger than me, she could probably squash me like a 
bug.  Trisha stood in front of me and instructed me to wrap my arms around her
chest, locking my wrists and squeeze her as tight as I could.  I did, and I 
think I even surprised her when I bolted several sudden jolts of pressure on 
her before really squeezing her hard.  Before I let go of her, she wrapped her 
arms around me and picked me up off the floor and squeezed me so tight I couldn't
breathe, and just held me there.  "Are you ready for me to really start 
squeezing you now? she asked.  I thought she was joking but as she continued to
apply additional pressure I knew different.  "You're all mine John" she said, "I
could crush you like this till you pass out like poor Brian does.  I know you 
can't speak now to beg me to stop, so I want you to grind your little hips against
me if you submitt."  My ribs felt like they were going to snap at any moment, 
and my lungs had no air to beg for release.  Her forearms were digging deeper 
and deeper into my spine as she leaned forward forcing my pelvis against hers.
I did as she said and ground my hips into her and she laughed, saying "harder
John, harder" and squeezed me even tighter.  I moved my hips as best I could,
but I felt light headed and started to go limp in her arms before I felt any
relief.  I must have passed out because I didn't remember her releasing me. 


When I came to, I was laying across Trisha's lap on the sofa.  She had her hand
inside the leg of my shorts and was playing with me, cupping my balls in the 
palm of her hand and using her long fingers to manipulate my penis.  Smiling
down into my face she said "you really scared me passing out like that, I didn't
think I was I was squeezing you that hard, you just went limp in my arms so 
suddenly I thought maybe I really hurt you.  It feels like your ok now though."
She was referring to my growing erection which she continued to fondle.


Trisha removed her hand from my shorts and helped me sit upright on the sofa.
My boner was standing tall in my pants, as she slowly snaked her big thighs 
around my waist and continued talking.  "I guess Brian has told you about 
wrestling with me?" she asked.  "No" I said, "but I remember what Pam said 
the other night, about your legs and how you put the squeeze on him."  As she
continued to talk, I ran my hands up and down her long muscular leg, it felt
so heavy and solid laying across my thighs, and when she straightened it out
and flexed, it swelled even bigger and got as hard as a rock.  "I told you 
I've been beating him in wrestling all the time lately, what I didn't tell 
you was that I can overpower and subdue him anytime I want to.  So I told
him if he didn't listen to me, and do what ever I told him, whenever I asked,
I would crush him into submission and make him beg in front of his friends
at school or in front of my girlfriends.  He's been like my little slave boy 
ever since, cleans my room, does my chores, what ever I want."

 
She placed her right hand on the back of my head pulling me to her and kissed 
all over my neck and face, then mouth to mouth as her tongue danced around 
mine.  She held me like this for several long minutes, her left hand finding 
it's way back into my shorts, squeezing and tugging on my hardening erection.
She pulled my head away from her and smiled into my face and said "I think
right now would be a good time to tame you a little too."  Trisha sat back
and scissored her big muscular thighs around my skinny waist, squeezing me 
so tight I thought she would cut me in half.  My arms and hands were useless
againt the power of her crushing thighs, she rolled to her back on the sofa
and pulled me with her, lifting me into the air as she straightened her
legs.  I knew in a matter of seconds she was stong enough to crush my ribs
as she slowly applied additional pressure and just held it.  "Now you can
see why Brian has been such a good little brother lately, and why your going
to be a good little boyfriend too, isn't that right John?."  I readily 
shook my head yes as I could barely breathe.  Trisha just smiled and said
"my parents leave tomorrow for two weeks, I want you over here early on 
Saturday and Sunday, and by 6:00 on week nights when you get home from 
work, is that clear?."  I was starting to feel faint but a sudden jolt 
of pressure and I quickly gasped "Yes, Yes, Please stop."  She eased the
pressure on my waist and slid me off the sofa to the floor.  I was still
dizzy and almost out as she pulled my head back between her awsome thighs,
extending her long legs out in front of me and locking her ankles.  I
saw and felt her thighs slowly swell bigger and harder around my head,
smashing my ears and making my eyes tear.  I thought "my god she's going
to crush my skull", and then I felt nothing, I was out cold.


To be continued....
--
