			  The Triumphant Wife
 
				   by
			     Paul Benjamin

	"Please Glenn, stop," my husband just laughed as he slapped me across 
the face again.  I dropped to my knees and huddled at his feet expecting to be 
kicked.  Instead he just laughed at me.
	"That'll teach you not to have dinner ready for me you cow, though I 
bet you've been eating enough for ten.  Now get out of my sight."  I ran 
out of the room with tears in my eyes.  I stumbled into the bathroom  I had  
clean up before Cindy got home from her friends.  I couldn't let her see me
like this.  Looking in the mirror though I could tell Glenn was right.  Ever
since Cindy was born (or right after Glenn and I had married) ten years ago
I'd begun to gain weight.  At 230 lbs I was a lard butt even though I was
5' 10".
	I sighed, finished cleaning myself off and went to finish Glenn's 
dinner.  Right after dinner Glenn left to go drinking with his buddies.
It hadn't always been this bad, in the beginning months would pass between
his beatings.  Now it was often daily, and it was the worst when he had 
time on his hands and started drinking.  I went down the list of things he
would blame me for not doing and started doing them.  By the time I got to 
cleaning up the rec room (basement) I was exhausted.  I seemed to have less 
and less energy lately, maybe I should just let him beat me, he probably 
would anyway.  In the end inertia sent me to the basement.
	While going through the closest, I banged my foot against a metal
pole.  I looked down, it was some kind of machine.  With a lot of effort I
managed to drag it from the closet.  It was an old rowing machine Glenn used
to have.  God how long had it been back there?  Maybe we could sell it, the 
money would make Glenn happy.  I dusted it off and left it there, going off
to clean the rest of the room.
	I was about to leave when it caught my eye again.  Shrugging and 
laughing to myself I sat down heavily on the little seat.  My oversized butt
cheeks hung perilously over the sides and I struggled to stay seated.
Straining, I managed to reach the handle and shove my feet into the stirrups.
I pulled the handle and pushed out with my legs.  Slowly the seat slid back 
and the fly wheel turned.  I did it again and again for what seemed like an
hour, but when I stopped and looked at my watch turned out to be two minutes.
Gritting my teeth I did another minute.
	I could barely breath when I finished.  I walked over to the floor 
length mirror.  I looked pathetic, my face was beet red and sweat had soaked
through my T shirt.  I was a long way from the triatholon.  I shoved it into
a corner figuring I'd place an ad to sell it tomorrow.
	Luck was with me, when Glenn got home he was to drunk to do anything
but shove me out of the way and go to bed.  The next day I got up and 
probably would have forgotten about the rower if not for how sore I was.  I 
almost called up the newspaper but a nagging part of me kept saying over and
over, why not keep at it?  You keep saying you want to get in shape, why not
do it?  So I went down and rowed again.  It was depressing, I couldn't even go
as fast or as long as yesterday.  But I now had a grim kind of determination
and the next day I was there again, and the next, and the next, and the next.
	Two weeks had gone by and I could now do 10 minutes twice a day at a 
moderate pace, I'd also added in a half hour walk.  I was really proud of my
progress though disappointed in how slow the weight loss was coming, only
five pounds.
	Glenn had noticed the rower, but hadn't said anything.  Maybe it
was a sign I thought, maybe he's pleased with me.  I continued my workouts
harder than before thinking I'd found a way to save my marriage.  That hope
vanished less than a week later, as usual at the dinner table.
	"What is this crap, Laura," he pointed at the broiled chicken, steamed 
broccoli, and baked potato on his plate.
	"I thought we'd eat a little healthier, I'm trying to loose weight."
	"You couldn't loose weight if you ate cardboard.  I want steak, and 
fried chicken, and ham for dinners you moron," his face was turning red.  I 
knew the look.  I was in for it now.
	"Cindy why don't you go over to Dawn's house for awhile," I couldn't
let her see this.  But she knew, she slunk off without a word.
	She's barely got out the door when Glenn smacked me in the mouth.  He
rarely used his closed fist on my face.  He must really be mad tonight.  I was
so bruised the next day that I could barely go through my workout.
	The next two months went by.  I made Glenn what he wanted, but made 
different food for me.  He slapped me a few times for wasting his money on 
two meals, but didn't stop me from doing it.  My progress had continued, I
now was rowing 20 minutes, twice a day at a steady clip and jogging 2 miles
a day.  The weight loss was slow but steady as I now tipped the scale at 
199 lbs. I was now noticeably thinner, I was still fat but at least I was
no longer inconvienced by it too much.  And while no one was whistling at
me at least they weren't whispering about me behind my back.  One negative
though was now I had loose flesh hanging around me.  It was then that I 
noticed the garage sale down the block.
	I interupted my jog to have a quick look.  It was the usual garage
sale junk, except for the weights.  Six pairs of dumbbells ranging from 10
to 35 lbs.  I bought the lot for $5.00.  Maybe I could use them to tone up.
In spite of all the work on the rower it took 10 trips to get them all home.
At first I was terrified at what Glenn would do, but when he saw them he just
laughed.
	"What do you think you're going to do with those?  You're just a fat
woman, not Scwharzenegger.  You'll just hurt yourself."  Then he was gone still
laughing.  For a moment I was relieved, then furious, how come he hadn't 
noticed I'd lost more than 30 pounds.  I grabbed one of the weights off the 
floor and started lifting it over my head again and again.  That was a big
mistake, it was two days before I could recover from the back pains.  The
next time I came prepared with books and magazines and like with the rower
started slow and sensibly.
	A year had now passed since I'd first found the rower.  As time passed 
I added 3 more pairs of dumbells, up to 50 lbs along with a bench.  Then two
months ago I bought an olympic weight set.  I got a real beating for that, it
cost $175 though I told Glenn it was only $100.  Fortunately for me Glenn was
having to travel more and more lately so I was only getting seriously beaten
about once a month.
	My workout was now 30 minutes heavy rowing, 2 hours lifting followed 
by a 6-8 mile run.  In the afternoon I did another 30 minutes rowing along
with another hour of lifting.  I did this 6 days a week when I could.  
Sometimes I'd go swimming or biking to break it up.
	At first I was unsure about the changes taking place in me but then
I became more and more fascinated by how I was remolding myself.  My weight
had leveled off at 175 lbs.  I was still losing fat but I was gaining muscle.
Standing in front of the rec room mirror I started posing.  It was something
I could only bring myself to do within the last week.  I did a bicep pose,
they were still not cut too well but they were the size of half baseballs.
Cindy had helped me measure myself, the biceps were over 14", my waist was
down to 27" and my hips to 38".  My calves had filled out and hard muscle 
flared out to cut in a sharp ledge a little above my ankles.  The muscles in
my thighs looked a little like somebody had shoved in a processed ham.  They 
still lacked definition but the muscle was solid.  My stomach was starting 
to show ripples and I made a note to increase my abs workout.
	It was my chest though that was my greatest pride.  From the baby and
the weight gain I'd grown to an EE cup, to my amazement I hadn't lost anything
off my chest.  Now though where my boobs had hung flabbily to below my belly
buttton, they stood cantilevered straight out, held by my incredibly powerful
pecs.  I now measured a 48 EE around the chest.  Smiling I flexed the right and
left muscles and watched my boobs jiggle in a bra that could barely contain
them.  Then I flexed and expanded my chest.  My boobs floated up my chest and 
outward, then I heard a rip.  I ignored it and flexed harder, a louder rip and
my boobs burst free as the wrecked bra dropped to the floor.  The 2 inch 
diameter aureola were puffy and my nipples stood out a half inch.  I was 
incredibly aroused, in spite of my new figure Glenn and I rarely had sex.
Occasionally he'd jump on me in the dark, hump me for 2 minutes then roll off.
I almost started playing with myself, but then I remembered Cindy was still
there.
	She had taken to watching my afternoon workouts.  She never said much
she just watched.  Now her mouth was slightly open in a look of what I now 
think must have been awe.  I was so pleased to have her be proud of me.  I
didn't think I'd been much of an example so far.  At least Glenn didn't beat
her.  I didn't know how much longer that would last, lately he'd taken to 
yelling at her over everything, then shoving her aside as he walked by.  "Why
don't you go upstairs and watch TV while mommy finishes up."
	I continued to look at myself closer in the mirror.  The fat had burned
off my face leaving it a pretty oval.  I thought I looked very pretty, like a 
buff, busty Heather Locklear, but my husband didn't care.  Why not?
	Three more months passed, it was a couple of days to my thirtieth 
birthday.  My biceps now measured 15" and my chest was 50".  Today was special
for a couple of reasons.  First I benched 275 lbs today.  It was an incredible
rush as I realized I was going to get the weight up.  My strength had continued
to increase, I guess I must be genetically lucky.  I was also doing curls with
45's and squats with 450.  The second was that tonight Glenn and I were going 
to a party at his boss' house.  It was the first party I'd been to in months 
and I was ready to show off the new me.
	I'd bought a hot red dress that came just below the knee, it clung to 
my huge chest (I'd had to have it altered to fit) and showed as much cleavage 
as I dared.  It was sleeveless and showed my powerful arms nicely.  I did a 
double bicep pose, my arms had become much more cut, soon maybe I could enter a
contest.  Glenn would have to notice me now.  
	He did, his look could have melted titanium.  He smouldered all the 
way to the party.  I had a pit in my stomach the whole time.  I knew I was
going to get it when we got back.
	We entered the party, you could have heard a pin drop as we walked 
through the room.  What was wrong?  Then I realized in horror that they were
all looking at me.  Glenn went to mingle while I stood in a corner hoping to 
die.  All this work and everyone thought I was a freak, and for a moment I had
actually convinced myself I was sexy.
	Jack, a casual acquaitance of Glenn's was the first to approach me.
"Good God Laura what happened to you?"
	"What do you mean?"
	"You look fantastic."
	Really, "Really?"  I stood up straighter.
	"Yes, you've been working out?"  I nodded.  "Wwwould you flex for me?"
He almost stuttered.
	"Sure," I offered proudly.  I crossed my right bicep in front of my 
chest.  It was hard as a rock and big as a baseball, but cut so well it looked 
almost gnarled.
	He moved a hand near it, "Mmmay I?"  It was then that I happened to 
glance down.  He had a hard on tenting his pants.
	"Yyyess," I was feeling heady.  His hand squeezed it for a long 
lingering moment.  Drool was starting to form in his mouth.  Just to make sure
I flexed my pecs, my boobs pushed up and out, the sides starting to show over
the top of the dress.  His cock jumped, hard, he was wearing khaki and for a 
moment I was certain I saw dampness.  I had turned him on, in fact I'd never
seen anyone so turned on.  I don't know what would have happened next but then 
other men started to come over.  Jack released me and I relaxed my flex.
	For the next half hour a dozen men surrounded me.  I gave a virtual
bodybuilding clinic as they all tried to get close enough to talk to me.  I
flexed a few more times and allowed a few more feels as they glanced nervously
over at there wives between drooling over me.  I would swear everyone of those
men had a hard on that would do a horse proud.
	But then it was time to turn back into a pumpkin as Glenn forced his
way to my side and almost dragged me out.  All the way home he yelled at me,
"You stupid freak.  What do you think you were doing showing yourself off like
that?  You've become a freak.  You can't be a man, you're just a slutty little
freak, and when we get home I'm gonna beat the freak right out of you."  Maybe
I was a freak, I thought silently, but everyone of those guys would have loved
to fuck me.
	He pushed me into the house, this was going to be bad, the worse yet.
Thank god Cindy was sleeping over at Dawn's.  He slapped me hard on the face.
I backed away into the living room.  He grabbed me and shoved me into the wall.
His face was so contorted I thought it would crack.  He might kill me this 
time.  He smacked me again, I'd turned though and he only grazed my chin.  
Maybe if I curl up into a ball he'll tire out before he hurts me too bad.
Before I had a chance to act on that thought he hit me in the stomach and....
	And nothing, I barely felt it.  My stomach muscles had bounced his fist
as if he'd hit a very firm mattress.  He wound up and swung again.  I barely 
noticed, lost in my thoughts.  It was as if a veil had lifted over my mind
and suddenly I could see.  I didn't have to take this, I could stand up for 
myself.  With a deep breath I put my hands to his shoulders and pushed him 
back.  For a long moment he just looked at me, stunned, then a look of feral
rage crossed his face and he charged.
	"How dare you!  I'm gonna kill you for that."  He pushed me back into
the wall but now I was starting to find my courage, which had been missing
for so long.  I grabbed his arms and using the wall for leverage pushed him
back.  He struggled to bring his arms back to me but I continued to push them 
away.  My husband is about 6' and 180 lbs, he's neither fat nor thin but he 
does little exercise.  And as I pushed him back I began to realize that I was
stronger.
	Using my powerful thighs I started pushing him back.  He tried to break
free but he couldn't, he tried to stop my advance but he couldn't.  His feet
slid along the carpet unable to find purchase, I'd pushed his hands to his
chest and was holding them there.  We were almost cheek to cheek when we reached the opposite wall.  I hadn't really known what I was going to do next, but 
then he brought his knee up.  I brought my thigh up quickly and easily brushed
his aside, but that distraction allowed him to free his hand.  He swung for my
face but I blocked him with my arm.  
	Now I was furious,, with my own free hand I swung back and punched him
in the nose.  I felt a satisfying squish as his nose broke, and then a
thump as his head hit the drywall.  Blood was running freely from his nose and
he started to slump.  If I hadn't been holding him with one hand he might have 
fallen.  I looked into his face then and now I saw terror.  No more rage, but 
tears were starting to swell in his eyes.  The sight of my tormentor finally
in my grasp awoke in me a cold fury that I never would have guessed I was 
capable of.  I slapped him across the face once, then twice.
	"Please no more, please," he was crying now and barely able to speak.
	"You pathetic worm, you disgust me."  I grabbed him by the arms at his
biceps and lifted him until I held him at arms length above me.  He was 
practically bawling now.  Then I heard a splashing sound.  I looked down.  The
bastard was pissing in his pants.  I tossed him aside and he crashed to the
floor 6' away.  I was amazed at my own strength, I was so pumped with adrenalin
I had easily pressed a 180 lb man.  Through my own anger a feeling of 
exhiliration, almost joy was bursting.  I turned to look at him on the floor.
This was going to be fun.
	He was on his hands and knees slowly trying to crawl away.  He was 
crying openly now and starting to make that hiccupping sound people make when
there starting to hyperventilate.  I walked over to him and straddled him, then
I squeezed my legs together digging into his chest.  He kept trying to crawl
forward but my powerful legs held him in place easily.
	"Please don't hurt me any more, please."  I smiled down at his teary 
and bloodied face then I rolled to the floor keeping him locked between my
legs.  On the floor I lay with my head supported on one hand and my dress
cinched up around my waist.  I wrapped my legs tightly around his chest, then 
I flexed my massive thighs.  The huge muscles bulged out against his chest.
	"Stop, ow stop, aiaaa..."  I squeezed harder still and the air was
forced from his lungs.  I was becoming drunk on my own power.  I held his
life between my legs.  I squeezed a little harder and felt his ribs bow.
I little more and they would shatter like pretzels.  For one moment I was
ready to crush him.  Then I relaxed my thighs a little so he could breath.
	Revived, he desperately grabbed at my right thigh with both hands
trying to free himself.  I laughed and flexed the leg repeatedly, the
muscle vibrated furiously.  His hands were unable to gain a grasp on it.
I grabbed both his hands in my free hand and wrenched his arms away hard.
He screamed in pain as they were twisted painfully in the sockets.  Still
holding his hands, I flexed my bicep under his nose.  It bulged upward, massive
and powerful.  In his eyes I saw both a look of terror, and of awe.
	"You wimp, my one arm is stronger than both yours together," I waved
them around.
	"Please Laura, stop.  I'm sorry I hit you, I'll never do it again,"
obviously.
	I tossed his hands aside and retightened my legs around his chest.
He groaned in pain.  "Say pretty please."
	"Pretty please."
	"Now say pretty please with sugar on top."
	He started to cry again, humiliated.  I flexed my thighs again,  
"Pretty please with sugar on top."
	"And beg like a dog."  Sobbing he started panting and holding his
hands in front of his face, like a dog begging.
	I got up and stood over him.  Then deciding I bent over and started 
ripping off his clothes.  My powerful arms, shoulders and chest shredded his
shirt, then pants, soon he was naked.  He had a hard on.  I roared in triumph,
flicked it once, then lifted him up and carried him to a chair.  I sat down 
and placed him dick down on my lap.  With his dick trapped between my thighs
I started to spank him.  He struggled to rise but I easily kept him down by
flexing my thigh muscle around his dick so tight he couldn't move off of me.
In spite of the great pain he was in, I could feel his dick throbbing and his
body shuddering in arousal.  After the tenth swat I again flexed my thighs, he
suddenly spasmed in my lap.  I felt gouts of come spraying out from him all 
over my thighs and down to my calves.  I pushed him off and he sprawled to the
floor on his back.
	I stood over him and laughed, "So I'm just a freak huh?  Well watch
this."  I went into a double bicep pose, then I expanded my chest and flared
my lats.  My dress straps split at the shoulders, then the dress started 
ripping down the front to my waist.  With nothing to hold onto the dress slid
off and down to my hips.  I saw Glenn look at me in awe as my huge breasts
pushed out against my bra, as it struggled to contain its load.  Like a 
damn bursting it snapped along the front and straps and my massive tits
sprang free, thrusting outward proudly.
	I heard a groan from Glenn.  I looked down and saw he had another 
hard on.  I ripped the rest of my clothes off, straddled him and lowered
myself on to his dick.  I had never been so aroused.  I started bouncing up 
and down on his shaft.  He reached a hand up to touch my breasts.  I grabbed
it and held it away.  I'd decide when he could touch me.  When I saw him 
groaning louder and realized he was about to come, I twisted his arm.  He 
screamed and his erection softened slightly.  I did this again and again.
I had my first, second, and third orgasm in years.  Finally I ended it by 
reaching back and squeezing his balls quick and hard.  He shot like a cannon
coming into me again and again as I enjoyed another orgasm.
	I got up and stood over him, "Things are going to be mighty different
around here from now on hubby."

end
