Copyright © 1997,  Baron Darkside.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


(1)  Disclaimer One:  This Is A Work Of Fiction; It Is Not True!
While Some Characters Who Appear In This Story May Be Under The Age Of
Eighteen, They Are Not Abused And No Abuse Is Intended Or Implied (If
You Disagree With My Definition Of Abuse, I'm Sorry).

(2) Disclaimer Two:   If You Are Underage (Under The Age Of Eighteen
(18)), Or In Locations That By Law,  Preclude You From Reading Sexual
Material, You Should Stop Reading This Material Now!!

(3)  Disclaimer Three:  If You Are, Now Or Have Ever Been,  Offended
By Sex, Incest Or Any Other Subject Of A Sexual Nature, Please Avoid
This Story.  (I Would Also Suggest You Seek The Services Of A
Psychologist.

(4)  Disclaimer Four:  This Is For Adults, And Contains Adult Oriented
Material.  If You Are Not An Adult, Either Chronologically, Mentally
Or Sexually, Please Do Not Read Any Further Or You Will Be Offended
(Probably).

(5)  Disclaimer Five:  The Author Of This Story Wishes To Remain
Anonymous, However I Retain All Copy Rights.



INCESTUOUS FANTASIES OF MOTHERS AND SONS

Fantasy Number 53d
(The Train Ride - Version Four (A Mother Always Knows))
A Tale of Incest by Incestual Dreamer, a Baron of the Darkside


Billy watched the train coast into the station.  Glancing down at his
watch, he saw that it was already four o'clock.  He had been waiting
for the train almost an hour.
The smell of diesel and hot metal washed over him as the train slowly
inched down the track.  Looking down the line of dirty silver cars, he
saw a very buxom lady frantically waving in his direction.  His eyes
immediately locked onto her impressive bosom that was threatening to
spill out of her dress as she waved deliriously.  Then as the train
drew closer, he saw that it was his mother waving at him.  He grinned
foolishly and waved back at her.  
He picked up his suitcase and trotted down the platform toward her as
she continued to hang out of the window beaming at him.  She kept
leaning farther and farther out the window as he neared.  If she
wasn't careful, she would fall out on her head.  
	"Hi, Mom," he puffed stopping below her window and setting his
bag down.
Still afraid she would tip over and fall out, he reached up for her.  
	"Oh, My Little Baby, I'm so happy to see you," she bubbled,
leaning down and giving him a wet, slobbery kiss, "it seems like it's
been forever since I last saw you."
	"It sure does," he grinned back at her.
She was leaning out the window so far, her dress had fallen open.
Almost all of her big, soft white breasts were now visible to him.  He
tried not to look, but the temptation was too great.  As his eyes
dipped down to the swollen mountains of soft pink flesh, he felt
himself blush.  
	"You'd better stop leaning out so far or you'll fall," he told
her, pushing her back, hoping to remove the temptation.  
	"I was just so excited to see you," she laughed happily,
slowly leaning back into the car.
	"Hurry up, Baby and get on board.  I can't wait to give you a
great big hug," she gushed. 
Picking up his bag, he hurried over to the door of the car.  As he
reached to open the door, the door flew open.  Looking up, he saw the
conductor motioning him on board.  
	"Right this way, Sir," the conductor said leading Billy down
the car toward his mother's suite, 
 	"Oh, My Honey," his mother blurted out as she stepped out into
the hall and grabbed him, giving him a big hug, "finally."
The scent of his mother's intoxicating perfume mingled with the
lingering fragrance of alcohol greeted him as he took her into his
arms.  Suddenly, his attention was focused on the same big breasts he
had shamefully peeked at earlier.  They were now flattened out against
his chest.  His mother hadn't changed a bit, he thought.  She was
still a very affectionate woman.
	"Put his bag in the next compartment, please," he heard his
mother say to the conductor as she let him go and stepped back.
	"Come on inside, darling, " she told him, taking his hand and
pulling him inside, "I have so much to tell you."
As he stepped into the cabin, he watched her reach into her purse and
pull out some money.  Smiling at him, she waited until the conductor
came back out of the other cabin.  
	"Uh, Mr. Conductor, could you bring us a bottle of Canadian
Club, a six pack of coke and another glass?" she smiled handing him
two twenty dollar bills.
The conductor smiled back at her lecherously as he took the money.
	"It's not what you think," she told him as she started to
close the door, "he's my son."
	"Uh, Yes, Ma'am," the conductor grinned back at her, winking.
	"Really, he is," she said, her smile disappearing.
	"Yes'm" he returned, his leer now gone.  
As his mother talked to the conductor, Billy saw another empty bottle
of CC sitting on the end table.  Although, she wasn't drunk, it was
apparent that she had already had a few drinks before he had arrived.

Sitting down on the settee, he heard a weird sound, like wire rubbing
against wire.  One of the springs must be broken, he thought, as he
watched her close the door and turn toward him.  She didn't speak for
the longest time as she stood looking at him. Billy felt himself blush
as her eyes traveled up and down his body.  Finally, she smiled and
sat down beside him.  
	"God, it is good to see you," she sighed, taking hold of his
hand and giving it a hard squeeze.  "You're all I've got now."
Then she began to talk.  The words just came pouring out like water
from a breached dam. 
Billy knew that his father had left his mother for a younger woman.
But that had been several weeks ago, and Billy had talked to his
mother several times on the phone since then.  He thought she had
handled it quite well, but now face to face with her, he could see the
damage it had done to her psyche.  He could see wrinkles around her
eyes that hadn't been there six months ago.  She looked tired and
drawn.  There was still a spark in her eyes, but he could see a hollow
emptiness behind the spark.  
Suddenly, she started to cry.  
Almost at the same instant, there was a knock at the door.
Waiting for a moment, he watched her reach into her purse and pull out
a lacy handkerchief.  As she dabbed her eyes, he got up and opened the
door.  
It was the conductor with her order of booze.  Taking it from the
conductor, Billy told him to keep the change and closed the door.
Setting the liquor in front of his mother, he watched as she opened
the bottle and shakily poured them a drink. 
She slid his drink over in front of him and took a long pull on her
drink.  As soon as she set her glass down, she began to unload her
burden of depression, guilt, blame onto him again.  
She told him how his father had left her without any notice.  He had
just left up and left without so much as a how-do-you-do.  He had run
off with his secretary.  He and the little whore were living somewhere
in the Bahamas.
As he listened to her disburden herself, Billy thought back to the
conversation he had had with his father.  His father had told him that
it was his fault and that Billy shouldn't blame himself or his mother.
He had offered no excuses or alibis for what he had done.  He had just
stated that he found his secretary, Gloria more, more, what was the
word he had used? Fulfilling.  Yes, that was it, fulfilling.
Billy didn't really understand it , but his father, being
independently wealthy had just up and ran off with his secretary.
While what he had done was despicable, he did tell Billy that he had
left Maureen very well off financially.  
After a few minutes, his mother suddenly stopped talking.  Setting her
drink down, she reached out and pulled him to her.
	"I don't think I can ever trust another man," she said
emphatically, "I can only trust you."
Before he could answer, the train jerked to life and started to move.
As it did, it lurched and his mother fell against him.  As she fell,
she instinctively reached out to brace herself and her hand plunged
down into his crotch.  Billy jumped as he felt her hand land squarely
on top of his semi-erect penis.  
Appalled that she would know that he was aroused, he couldn't move as
the train slowly picked up speed.  
She didn't move, pinned against him as the train gained momentum.
Finally, after what seemed like hours to Billy, the train slowed and
she moved away from him.
	"I'm sorry," she gushed, a red tinge spreading over her face.
"I didn't hurt you did I?"
	"No, you didn't hurt me," he told her, quickly taking another
drink, trying to hide his embarrassment.  
Neither of them spoke for several moments as they listened to the
train picking up speed.
Soon the train was speeding along and they were adapting to the
swaying and vibrating of the train.  
After a few moments, his mother grabbed hold of his hand and began
talking again.  As he listened, he could feel her tightly gripping his
hand.  It was as if she was afraid he would leave her just like his
dad had.  Billy felt sorry for her.  She had been deeply hurt.  Now it
seemed as if he was her only salvation.  He wanted her to get it all
off her chest so he let her go on and on.  As the train sped along,
she would talk a while and then cry for a while.  Comforting her the
best he could, he could only give her a reassuring hug every once in a
while.  Then abruptly, she stopped crying.  Turning away from him, she
blankly stared out the train window at the landscape speeding by
outside.  She seemed to be deep in thought.
Sitting back, sipping on his drink, Billy absent-mindedly checked her
for any other signs of mental or physical deterioration.  There were
no other visible signs of the obvious strain she was under, but Billy
could sense the tenseness in her carriage.
He could only wonder what had possessed his father to leave her.  She
was still a stunningly beautiful woman even at her age.  How old was
she he, he tried to recollect.  Forty-seven, he recollected.
Forty-seven and she looked a woman in her thirties at least.  Watching
her stare out the window, he unconsciously appraised her.
Her long, silky, red hair fell down over her shoulders and framed her
face.  It was a face that could grace any fashion magazine, even as
tired and haggard as she was.  Her big, heavy breasts swelled out
proudly above her flat, trim belly.  Even her statuesque, graceful
legs, tucked up under her firm, rounded buttocks were flawless.  Not
even her tiny, bare feet had a blemish that he could see.  Yes, his
mother was an exceptional beauty and Billy came to the conclusion that
his father must be stupid. 
He knew that she would have no trouble finding another man, if she
ever decided to start looking again.  But right at the moment, she
didn't seem emotionally capable of handling another relationship.  She
had told him over and over again that she could never trust any other
man.  Except him.
It was sad that his parents had divorced after twenty years of
marriage.  It seemed to have devastated his mother and left a big,
ghastly scar on her ego.  That scar might not ever heal, Billy sadly
thought.  
	Finally, she turned from the window and smiled at him.
Reaching out, she picked up the Canadian Club and poured herself
another drink.   
	"More?" she asked him, holding the bottle out with shaking
hands.
	"Sure, but just a little though," he told her holding out his
glass.
The bottle tinkled melodically on his glass as she refilled it.  She
set the bottle down and scooted over next to him. She snuggled up
against him and began to cry softly.
	"Oh, I am so very, very glad you're here," she wept softly, "I
have been so lonely and unhappy.  But now, I feel safe and happy and,
and all warm inside now that I have you back."
	"You know you can come to me anytime, Mom," he told her,
gently pulling her up against him and giving her kiss on the top of
her head.  "For anything."
	"Oh, Thank you, you don't know how much it means to have
someone you can turn to for comfort, or.............Anything," she
sniffed, the flow of tears beginning to slow, "Thank you so much.
Thank you for just being you."
Neither of them spoke as they sat holding each other.
After a few minutes, she looked up at him with the most serious look
on her face.
	"Billy, Do, uh, could, uh," she started to say.
Just then there was a knock on the door.
	"I'll get it," he said, extricating himself from their
closeness and getting up.
Opening the door, he found the conductor standing there.
	"The dining car is now open."
	"Thanks," Billy told him, closing the door.
	"What were you going to say, Mother," he asked her as he sat
back down beside her.
	"Oh, nothing," she smiled weakly, "nothing that can't wait."
	"Good, because I'm hungry," he told her. 
	"Me, too," she concurred.  "Let's go eat."
Giving his mother one last hug, Billy went to his cabin to tidy up.
When he returned to his mother's room, her mood had improved
noticeably.
Laughing merrily, she took his hand and they set off for the dining
car.  Billy was glad to see her laughing and smiling as they bumped
down the tight confines of the small hallway.  Although the train ride
was relatively smooth, they couldn't help bumping and brushing against
each other as they train rattled along.  Laughing and tittering like
two drunken teenagers, they finally made it to the dining car.
Stepping inside, they were immediately seated by their waiter.
Sitting at the table, his mother held onto his hand tightly as she had
done earlier.  They only time she let his hand go was to sip on the
two drinks they had while waiting for their meal.  She seemed afraid
to let go of him.  Billy was beginning to feel a little self conscious
as his mother fawned over him.  
	"I don't know if I can ever let you go," she said softly,
giving his hand another affectionate squeeze.
	"You are my only man now, " she smiled at him as she took
another drink.
Wondering what she meant, he was relieved when their food finally
arrived and she had to release his hand long enough to let him eat his
dinner. 
After dinner, she took hold of his hand again.  After a few minutes of
chitchat, they left the dining car and made their way down to the
lounge car.  Sitting down at a table, they ordered another drink.
About half way through his drink, Billy felt his eyelids growing
heavier and heavier.  Gulping the rest of his drink down, he set his
glass down.
	"Mom, I've had a long day," he yawned. "I think I'm going back
and hit the sack."
	"Oh, so soon," she whined.  
	"I'm afraid so," he grinned sleepily, "I can barely keep my
eyes open."
	"Oh, well, okay, go ahead," she told him, pouting sadly, "I'm
going to stay her for a while and have a nightcap.  I'll be down
later."
	"Okay, but be careful," he told her, "you've had a lot to
drink today."
	"I know," she smiled warmly, leaning over and giving  him a
soft, gentle kiss on the cheek,  "I know what I'm doing.  You go ahead
and go to bed and I'll be down to tuck you in later."
	"I doubt that I will be awake for that long, "he laughed,
standing up beside her.
Smiling subtlety, she reached over and gave his thigh an intimate
squeeze.
	"That's okay, it won't make any difference," she said, looking
up at him with a funny little smile on her lips.  
Walking away, he turned and saw her wave at him as he stepped out of
the lounge car.  He wondered what she had meant, but was too groggy to
worry about it.  
As he walked down the corridor, he realized that he was quite tipsy.
Suddenly all of the day's events seemed to settle down onto his
shoulders all at once.  It seemed to take him hours to reach his
cabin, but at last he stumbled into it.  He wearily undressed and
crawled into his bunk.  He knew that he should put his pajama's on,
but he was just too tired to care.  
Within moments, he was asleep.
He didn't know how long he had slept, but suddenly he was awake.
	"Shhhhhhhhhhh, don't wake up my son," he heard his mother
whisper from her cabin.
What did she mean?  What was going on?  Who was she talking to?
Listening, he heard the same weird sound he had heard earlier when he
sat down on her settee.  
	"Where his he?"
Suddenly, Billy was wide awake.  That was a male voice in his mother's
cabin.
	"Nxtdor," he heard his mother slur.
What was going on?  Slowly, he eased out of his bunk and crept over to
the door leading into his mother's cabin.  It was still slightly ajar
from earlier.  It was dark in her cabin, but he could hear the
rustling of clothes.
	"Oh, anceone," he heard his mother whisper as the springs on
her bunk creaked.
	"God, you're so wet," the male voice mumbled as the bunk
protested loudly.
Only the creak of the springs could be heard for the next several
moments as he listened intently.  Suddenly, he heard his mother groan
as the bunk creaked again.
	"Unhhhhhhh" she growled quietly.
	"Ahhhhnnnnnnn" the male voice grunted.
Once again, silence except for the groaning creak of springs.  Then
Billy heard a slight slurping sound.  Like the sound of a cock sliding
in and out of a pussy.
To reinforce this, he could hear the smack of two wet bodies slapping
together.
	"Yesh, oh, yesh, hrdr, hard," his mother whispered excitedly.
The rhythm of the sound picked up and grew louder.  
Suddenly, Billy found his hand around his cock as he stood at the door
of his mother's cabin listening to her getting fucked.  He couldn't
believe it was really happening, but there was nothing he could think
of that matched the sound that was coming from her cabin.  Just
listening and imagining what it would be like to watch her get fucked
made him so hard, he was hurting.  
The slapping sounds were growing louder and faster as he slowly
stroked himself.   God, he was so excited, he was afraid he would
erupt at any second.  
Then, another sound came from the room.
	"Unhhhhfffflkkkkkcccmmmmmnnnn," the male voice groaned.
	"Nonononotyetnotyetpleaseno," his mother whimpered,
"Needfinish too."
	"Cntstopcntstop," 
Then there was silence, followed by the rustle of clothing once again.
	"Dongo," he heard his mother whisper.
	"Got to."
	"Couldcome beck later?"
	"Don't know, maybe."
Billy could detect the lie in the man's voice.  He knew he would not
be returning as he listened to the man quietly tread across the cabin.
Then he heard the door to his mother's cabin open and close.  There
was silence in his mother's cabin.  Then he heard her quietly sobbing.

He felt so sorry for her.  She seemed to get the short end of the
stick all the time.  She couldn't even get a stranger to help her
reach an orgasm.  And a lot of help he was, he thought, standing by
the door stroking his cock like some moronic half-wit.  He had
strange, mixed feelings.  On one hand, he found the fact that his
mother had just been fucked by some stranger disgusting.  But on the
other hand, he found it perversely exciting.  He could almost picture
it in his mind.  What would her pussy look like he wondered as a tiny
spark of a sick, wicked desire sprang up inside his heart.  A
poisonous idea was slowly forming itself deep in his brain.  
No, he couldn't, he thought, as the idea took form and grew.  He felt
mortified for even letting himself think it. 
But as he stood listening to his mother sob, the idea became reality.
It might work, he thought perversely as his cock lurched dangerously
close to eruption.  His mother needed a lover.  Could he fulfill that
role without her knowing it was him?  The thought of such a thing sent
shudders of excitement coursing through his body.  Could he fool her
into thinking her lover had returned?  
Stepping back away from the door, he berated himself for even thinking
such a thing.  Even as he admonished himself, he knew that he was
doomed to try.  Silently, he crept over to the door leading out into
the hallway.  As quietly as he could, he cautiously opened the door.
Slowly, he peeked out and looked up and down the hallway.  There was
no one there.  He listened for several moments, to see if anyone was
entering the car.  Only the soft clackety-clack of the trains' wheels
could be heard.  
Finally, taking a deep breath, he quickly stepped out into the
hallway.  Rushing over to his mother's door, he eased it open and
hurriedly slipped inside.
	"You came back," his mother whispered loudly.
	"Uhhhhuhhhh", he mumbled, trying to disguise his voice.
	"I'm so glad" she gurgled happily.
Standing by the door gathering his courage, he could feel his heart
pounding fiercely.  He was trembling with excitement and fear.  Now
that he was in her room, what would he do if she found him out?  What
could he do?
	"Aren't you coming?" he heard her softly ask him, "I'm waiting
for you."
	"Uhhhhuhhhh", he mumbled again, not knowing what else to say.
With his heart in his throat, he slowly fumbled his way through the
darkness toward where she lay.  Then, suddenly, he bumped into her
bunk.
	"You're back, at last," he heard her hiss.
He almost panicked as he felt his mother's hot, groping hand find his
thigh.  Somehow, he was able to keep from moving as he felt her hand
climb up his thigh toward his throbbing cock.  He was so excited, he
hoped he wouldn't cum when she touched him.  Then he felt her fingers
brush over his balls.  
Then she touched his cock.  It felt like his cock had been rammed into
an electric socket as her soft, hot fingers flitted over it.  
	‘Unnnnhhhhhhhh," he groaned, trying not to explode as he felt
her fingers exploring his cock.
	"Oh, it is so big, and hard," she praised him as her hand
slowly wrapped itself around his thick, swollen penis.
	"It seems so much bigger than it was," she bubbled
ecstatically as she slowly ran her hot, clenching hand up and down his
bloated love spear.
Now that he had gotten this far, he was paralyzed with indecision.  He
felt a sudden surge of shame wash over him as he stood there letting
his mother paw his manhood.  He felt like some hideous monster preying
on her weaknesses.  But regardless of the remorse he felt, the
primitive drive to copulate was greater.
	"Come to me," he heard his mother whisper, rousing him from
his trance.  
His heart was pounding so hard, he knew it wouldn't survive the stress
he was putting on it as he slowly reached down toward her.  As his
hand brushed over her soft, bare skin, he was almost overcome with
excitement.  She was naked.  His mother was naked and waiting for him
to make love to her.  This couldn't be happening, he told himself as
he explored her nakedness.  As he groped at her aimlessly, he felt her
hand find his hand.  He nearly fainted with rapture as her hand gently
guided his hand down toward the sacred opening of her womanhood.
Electric sparks shot up his hand as it crept through the tangle of
silky curls that covered her soft, yielding underbelly. Suddenly, he
touched it.  His finger was almost burnt to a crisp as it touched the
hot, wetness of her drooling femininity.  
His swollen, overgrown manhood jerked and threatened to erupt at any
moment as he tenderly explored the fiery pit of his creation.  He
couldn't believe how soft and hot it was.  And wet.  She must have
been just as aroused as he was, he thought as he gently eased a finger
down into the scorching gorge of clinging flesh.
	"AHhhhhhh," his mother groaned as he dug his finger deep
inside her.
How could this be happening, he thought as he slowly slipped a second
and then third finger into his mother's accommodating pussy.  He was
actually finger-fucking his mother and she was loving it.  
Finally, he couldn't wait.  He had to possess her, dominate her,
impose his will on her, make her his own.  Jerking his fingers out of
her, he knelt down and crawled up between her outstretched legs.  
	"Oh, Yes, Baby, put it in me." 
Trembling with passion, he felt his mother force his rigid, unbending
cock down toward the waiting gash between her legs.  Lowering himself
down at her, he could feel the hot smoothness of her thighs press
against him.  Then with a spasm of ecstasy so intense it brought tears
to his eyes, their bodies touched.  Something magical happened as he
felt the bloated head of his cock slither down into the burning,
clutching, channel.  He was instantly transformed from her son to her
lover, her worshiper, her slave, her love-slave, her love-hostage.  
	"OH FUCK," he grunted out, unable to stop himself.
He thought he felt his mother tense for just a moment and he knew he
had revealed his identity to her.  
	"Hurry, put it all in me," he heard her purr, "all of it."
Maybe, in the heat of the moment, she hadn't been realized that it was
his voice.  Whether she had or not, it was too late to stop him.  
Her hot, clinging cunt enveloped his granite hardness like a wet glove
as he drove himself deeper and deeper into her.  He could no longer
restrain himself and savagely shoved the last few inches of his hot,
throbbing cock into her.
Like a madman, he began to fuck her so hard he was afraid it would
rock their car off the tracks.  
	"Oh, Fuck, Yes, Oh, Yes, Oh, Yes, Oh, Fuck, Yes," his mother
panted as he pounded his prick into her slavering cunt.
Hearing her blurt out such vulgarity spurred him to fuck her harder.
As he fucked her, he felt her heels digging into his ass as it bounded
up and down violently.  The passion that possessed him had left his
mind a smoldering tangle of chaotic and opposing urges.  All that was
left was his primal urge to recreate himself inside his mother's womb.

Harder and harder, he hammered his cock into her.  
	"OHFUCKCCUMMMNNNNNNN," he heard his mother suddenly gasp as
her body became as rigid as a board under him.
He couldn't believe it.  He had made his mother have an orgasm.  He
was ecstatic.  He was definitely not her little boy any more.  He was
suddenly all grown up.  Grown up enough to make please her, satisfy
her, make her whole again in some sick, perverted way.
He could hold back no more.  Thrusting his cock into her all the way
up to its hairy hilt, he bit his lip to keep from screaming.  His cock
erupted in the fiery depths of his mother's blistering caldron.  His
life seed spewed out into her like a broken water main.  The pleasure
was so intense, it almost hurt as his cock jerked and jumped inside of
her hot, clinging cunt.  Gusher after gusher of his potent semen
spurted out into her deep, cavernous pussy, coating it with its sticky
heat.
	"OFUKSOHOT," she groaned as his cock erupted time and time
again.
He had never felt such domination, such power before.  It was as if he
were being reborn whole again inside the hot, clutching core of her
velvety vagina.  He wished it would never stop.  
At last, after what seemed like hours, his great love-cannon gave up
its last gob of thick, hot boycream and stopped firing. 
Neither of them spoke.  It was as if they had been consumed by some
unholy fire that had left them mute and paralyzed.
As he lay atop his mother, he felt himself slowly drifting to sleep,
but there was nothing he could do to stop it.
Slowly, he drifted toward consciousness.  It was dark.  Where was he?
Someone was sleeping with him.  The body was warm and comforting, full
of nice soft curves and contours.  Then it all came back to him like a
stepping under a cold shower.  He had fucked his mother and now he was
still in her cabin.  What time was it?  He had to escape back to his
cabin before she woke up and discovered who he was.
He didn't move for several moments, trying to gather his wits about
him.  One part of him wanted to stay as he felt the warm softness of
his mother pressed against him as she slept.  But another side of him
knew it would be disastrous to do that.  He must make his way back to
his room before his treachery was found out.  Wishing he could give
her a kiss, he slowly started to inch away from her.
	"Don't go," he heard his mother say as a wave of fear and
dread washed over him.
What now?  How could he escape?  What could he do?  He was trapped.
He was doomed.  He had been caught.
	"Wouldn't you like to make love to me again?"
He didn't speak.  What could he say?  Maybe, if he made love to her
again, she would go to sleep and he could sneak out.  That seemed to
be his only chance.  He only hoped that he could pull it off.  He
didn't know what he would do if she found out what an imbecile she had
raised. 
	"Can't you talk?"
What could he say?  If he spoke, she would know.  What a fool he was.
	"Say something...please..." she whispered.
He was trembling with dread as his mind churned helplessly.
	"Don't you love me anymore, Billy?"
What had she said?  Was he hearing things? Was he going crazy?  Had
she said his name?
	"Didn't you enjoy making love to me, Billy?"
There, she had said it again.  She knew.  He was doomed.  But wait,
she had asked him to make love to her again.  What was going on?
	"I thought it was wonderful.  Didn't you?"
Stunned, he didn't know what to do.  Then he felt his mother's hand
find his shriveled maleness and give it a gentle squeeze.
	"I loved the way you felt inside of me.  It made me feel whole
again.  Please, make love to me, Billy."
	"How, how, did you, know, know," he stammered inanely.
	"A mother knows," she purred, "a mother knows."
	"But how," he clambered.
	"Never mind," she said softly, "it will just be our little
secret, okay?"
His mind was in a whirl.  It was almost too much to absorb so quickly.
What now, he wondered as he felt the sheets slip off him.  
Suddenly, he felt his mother's mouth descend on his flaccid cock.  He
reeled with pleasure as she sucked his whole cock into her hot,
sucking mouth.
	"Oh, God, Mother," he groaned out as she fiercely sucked on
his rapidly hardening cock.
He couldn't move as she hungrily devoured his growing manhood.  He had
died and gone to heaven.  If it would only last forever.
	"You have the most wonderful cock," she finally said, letting
his prick slowly slither out of her mouth.
	"I can't believe this is happening, Mother," he sighed, "I
wish it would go on forever."
	"How would you like for me," she said, pausing long enough to
give his jutting hardness a soft kiss, "come and live with you?"
	"Wha, How, where, what do you mean?" he blurted out, not
knowing what she meant.
	"No one at your college has seen me, have they?" she asked,
softly sucking on his cock as she waited for his answer.
	"Uh, No, I don't think so," he muttered, unable to believe
that he was having this conversation with his mother.
	"I could sell the house and we could rent an apartment," she
said confidently, "No one would have to know anything.  You could just
tell everyone you have a taste for older women."
	"What about Dad?" he asked, "What if he came to visit?"
	"You are my lover, now," she laughed coolly, "He had his
chance."
	"But, what would he think?" Billy mumbled, feeling his
mother's hand slowly stroking his throbbing cock.
	"FUCK HIM," his mother growled, "He made all this happen,
anyway, so just fuck him."
Billy started to speak, but his mother sucked his cock into her mouth
with such vehemence, he nearly lost his load almost immediately.
She was right.  Fuck him.  He would worry about later.  Right now he
was going to enjoy.  And enjoy.  And enjoy!
   
The End of all the Train Rides...

Hope that you enjoyed the ride...Baron Darkside...:)

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
