Archive-name: Casual/trucker.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Trucker


	If I live to be a hundred, I will never figure out how strange
life can be.  I'm a truck driver which isn't the most common thing
in the world, but even stranger is the fact that I am quite
attractive.  I'm five feet two inches, weigh one-hundred and
fifteen pounds, have blond hair and blue eyes.  Every time I meet
a nice man, he asks me the same question men ask hookers.  "How did
a nice girl like you get into a dirty business like this?"  To top
it all off, I have four huge brothers who are also truck drivers,
and who have taken it upon themselves to protect my virtue at all
cost.  So you can see why it might be hard for me to get laid,
especially by a good man.
	I remember one man in particular.  It is almost comical.  He
buzzed me on the C.B. one afternoon while I was on a California
run, saying," Breaker for the good-lookin' blond that drives the
silver rig.  If you're within hearing, meet me at midnight at the
Stop and Slop on Exit 89."  His voice sounded nice, and I decided
to meet him.  Like I say, it isn't the easiest thing for me to meet
men in my profession.  So, I arrived promptly at midnight, and
guess who had beaten me there:  two of my four goonish brothers. 
It took all the convincing I could muster to convince these boys
to refrain from smashing the man to a pulp, but eventually I did.
	As they left, I turned to apologize, thinking that the man
wouldn't have anything to do with me now that my brothers had
threatened his life.  I was disappointed because the man was very
attractive.  I started to speak, and he reached up and touched my
lips with his fingertips.  It was like an electric shock struck my
body, and we suddenly melded into one another's arms and, from
there, in to my rig.
	I don't know what happened to me, but somehow I couldn't
resist his advances as he groped my tits, and mauled my pussy
through my jeans.  The next thing I knew, my pants were down around
my ankles along with my panties.  I felt like a schoolgirl as he
buried his face in my bush, and I was burning all over as he
tounged my clit furiously.  I grabbed two handfuls of his hair and
rode his mouth to ecstasy and back.
	I climaxed twice before he lifted from my snatch and planted
a pussy-drenched kiss on my slack lips.  I was putty in his grasp
as he produced his cock and found the hungry opening to my cunt. 
His bulging cockhead was almost too bog, but he finally managed to
break through the initial resistance and slide inside my heated
box, once past the outer ring.  I nearly screamed as he stretched
me beyond my previous imaginable limitations;  it was the biggest
cock I had ever had.
	As he started a rapid-bucking pace between my legs, I decided
that it was true what they said about pussy being elastic.  I had
to have an elastic box to take that huge cockamongous.  He kept
plunging like a wild stallion, filling and refilling my cunt with
a piston of steel-hard horsepower.  I throbbed and burned enroute
to my third miraculous orgasm.  It came when he tightened in an
incredible orgasm of his own.  That extra millimeter of superman
cock triggered an explosion of pleasure which engulfed my trembling
body with a starburst of ecstasy.  Then it was all over.
	We lay trembling and weak in sexual relief fopr a few moments,
and then redressed.  We didn't speak.  It seemed rather
embarrassing now that we were finished, so we hurried our dressing
and then made our way back to the parking lot.  He squeezed my hand
once before he disappeared into the night, and I remember his
parting words.  "Catch you on the flip flop.  My handle is Night
Runner."  I didn't mind the abrupt ending.  I knew that I would
indeed see this man on the flip flop, and I intended to make a
habit of catching him on the flip flop.

--
