TRUDY'S STORY

A couple of years ago, we used to hang around with a couple called
Trudy and Al.  Although they were about 10 years our senior, we got
along quite well together.  Trudy was a petite woman who used to dress
very femininely on our outings, she always wore a dress, neutral
colored pantyhose and high heel pumps.

Like most women, Trudy used to sit cross-legged and absentmindedly
dangled her shoe off and on and like I mentioned in my previous
message, I get a big kick out of that and I must admit that I used to
sneak peeks at those perfect size 6 peds while fantasizing about
fucking them.

Trudy used to work at a doctor's office right across the street from
where I worked and we used to run into each other at a nearby shopping
mall and we always ended-up having coffee or lunch together.  After a
couple of months of talking and sharing our personal experiences, we
developped quite an intimate friendship where we could say just about
anything personal without a second thought.

While having lunch one day, Trudy mentionned that the doctor and his
assistant would be away to a convention the next day and had asked her
to stay in the office all day to answer the phones.

Around noon the next day, I grabbed a couple of cups of coffee and
walked over to Trudy's office, walked in and said "hey, care for some
company?" to which she replied "Damn right, I'm bored to death, nothing
happening here".  I sat in a waiting room chair and Trudy got up from
behind her desk and joined me in the waiting room.  We made a lot of
small talk while drinking our coffee and all this time, she had her legs
crossed and was slowly dangling her shoe off and on and I just couldn't
help looking at that pretty little foot.

Out of the blue, Trudy broke our conversation and said "You seem to like
looking at my feet, I've been noticing for a while that you look at them
a lot, especially when I play with my shoes".  Flabergasted, I looked up
at her face and saw that she was grinning.  I could feel my face
blushing as I answered "I think that your feet are very attractive and I
enjoy looking at them".  Looking down at her foot, she dropped her shoe
off and slowly flexed her stockinged foot up and down and said "that's
what I thought.  At first, I didn't think much about it but after a
while, I got curious that every time I played with my shoes or took them
off, your eyes went directly to my feet, so, every time we're together,
I purposely play with my shoes to see if you're going to look at them."

At that point, she uncrossed her legs, slipped her other shoe off,
lifted her feet off the floor and said "look, we're good friends and
we've shared a lot of secrets and if it makes you happy, go ahead and
look at them all you want, I don't mind".  I must admit that I was
stunned and I just didn't know what to say or how to react so I did as
she said, I went ahead and stared at her feet which she was flexing and
moving them around in little circles.

Breaking up the silence, she said "why do feet attract you?  Is it a
sexual thing or what?".  Shakily I ventured "I sure as hell don't know
why but I find ladie's feet sexually attractive, some guys are hooked on
tits, asses, or whatever but for some strange reason, feet turn me on,
especially with nylons.".  "Well, a turn on is a turn on, I guess" she
replied "go ahead and look all you want, I enjoy it".  "Thanks, and if
you ever need a good foot massage, all you have to do is say the word" I
boldy said.  She then turned in her chair so she was facing me, lifted
her legs up on my lap and said "go for it".

I just couldn't believe my good fortune, there I was with those
beautiful nylonned peds right on my lap.  I picked-up her right foot at
the ankle with my left hand and slowly started massaging the top and
sides of it with my right, gradually working my way to the sole and I
could feel Trudy relaxing.  She tilted her head back, closed her eyes
and uttered "Hmm, that feels good".   When I reached her sole, I gently
worked my fingers the lenght of it feeling her foot flex against the
pressure of them and she let out a small giggle. "Ticklish?" I asked, "A
little" she replied, "but don't you dare stop, it really feels good, I
didn't know that having my feet caressed and tickled was so erotic".

By that time, my hard-on was ready to burst through my pants and the
bulge was quite apparent.  I let go of her right foot and picked up the
left to give it the same attention I gave the other one.  After a while,
she slowly lifted her head to watch my hands caressing her foot and said
"Wow, I see that my feet really excite you, your pants are about to
split".  She smiled as she gently put her right foot against my bulge
and started rubbing it lightly, "do you like that?" she asked,
increasing the pressure a bit, "I don't like it, I LOVE it" I replied.
"Wouldn't it be better if you took your cock out of your pants?" she
asked.  Without a word, I gently took her feet off my lap, stood up and
pulled my pants and shorts down to my ankles, sat back down.  Trudy put
her feet back up on my lap, wrapped them around my cock and started
masturbating me slowly with her soles.  Looking at me with a soft smile,
she asked "is this what you want?".  "Yes and more" I replied "I want to
fuck your feet".  "Well" she then said, "now that we're into it this
far, we might as well go all the way".

I let Trudy rub her tender soles against my cock for a few minutes more
enjoying this dream come true.  I then had her put her shoes back on,
cross her right leg over her left and had her dangle her shoe off and on
again while kneeling in front of her enjoying the sight of that pretty
little foot which I was going to fuck soon.  I put my hand on her
stockinged knee and slowly ran it down her leg until I reached her foot,
enjoying every electrifying inch of it.  I uncrossed her legs, slowly
pulled her shoes off, brought her soles together so that my cock would
rest between them and slowly started fucking her stockinged soles.  She
was enjoying the sight as she slowly ran her right hand down under her
pantyhose and started fingering her clit while caressing her tits with
the other. Enjoying this, I kept on sliding my cock between those
nylonned "foot cunts" harder and harder and just before I reached
orgasm, I slowed down and asked her if she wouldn't mind a little
tickling while I fucked her feet to which she replied to go right ahead,
she'd probably enjoy the feeling of being tickled while masturbating
herself.

The floor was carpeted so I asked her to lay down on her right side.  I
took the remainder of my clothes off and settled down on my right side
also in such a way that my face would be in line with her ass.  Holding
on the her right ankle with my right hand, I bent her leg so that her
sole was resting against my throbbing cock and slowly started fucking
it.  My left hand reached for her other foot, brought it close to my
face and I started licking it's sole in a tickling fashion.  Trudy
giggled as she worked her hand down her pantyhose again and I could see
her fingers working at her clit.

I kept on pumping away, sliding my cock on that lovely sole as I kept on
tickling the other using my tongue and my fingers.  Soon, the tempo
increased and I could see Trudy's fingers rubbing furiously at her clit
and she whispered "Tickle me harder if you want to, fuck my foot, fuck
it 'till you cum, fuck the shit out of it, I love it...".  I told her to
keep her right foot pressed against my cock, released my hold on it and
used my right hand to tickle her left foot while holding it with the
other hand.  As the tickling increased, her giggles turned to
laughter, her body shook uncontrolably as did her feet, especially the
right one which was pressing harder on my cock.  I was fucking her foot
furiously as she was laughing hard and rubbing her muff and I could feel
my orgasm building up deep inside.  I fucked and tickled those feet
harder and harder until I erupted all over that fantastic little
stockinged sole.  When I got my bearings back, I could still feel her
foot pressed against my cock which I was still gliding very slowly on
her cum wet sole, enjoying that feeling.  "That was great" Trudy said,
"I had one hell of an orgasm" she added.  "Me too" I answered "I've been
wanting to do this to you for a long time".

We then got up, cleaned the "mess" with tissues she kept in her desk, I
got dressed and thanked her.  She smiled at me and said that she had
probably enjoyed this little fling as much as I did.  We sat back down
and continued chit chatting as if nothing had happened.

As time went by, Trudy and Al moved to another part of town and Trudy
changed jobs so we drifted apart.  Even though we still run into each
other occasionaly, we never repeated the experience and never even
talked about it.  Mind you, every time I see her, I just can't help
glancing at her pretty feet and feeling the urge to fuck them again.


