Archive-name: Affairs/truelife.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Episode with Krista


                              (A True Story)

     Sunny (my wife) and I had been married a year
when we ran into Krista and Craig at the grocery
store one night.  After a few minutes Craig and I
discovered we had alot in common, one being a
mutual love for computers.  The girls already knew
each other from high school, so they were chatting
like crazy by the produce.
After a while we decided to get together and have
supper at our house and Krista and Craig agreed.
     Well the night finally arrived and we had a
great time.  I noticed Craig making cute comments
about my wife's large breasts and so I started
making my own comments about how much I would like
just one roll in the hay with Krista.  Understand,
this was all in fun and everyone knew that these
were no more than jokes.  We were all happily
married and really didn't want to ruin our
friendship by complicating it with any "funny
business".
     As our relationship with Krista and Craig
progressed we spent more and more time together. 
We were all in our early 20's and with no kids
around we would stay up late and just talk or play
board games.  Occasionally as we talked we would
discuss sex and things we liked and didn't like. 
Things we thought were kinky and sexy, but the
topic never got very deep.  I always developed a huge
erection and would have to put my hands in my lap
to avoid the others seeing.  We got to where we
would share fantasies, but they too were very plain
and non-personal.
     Then one night after we had eaten dinner,
Krista said she had a dream that Sunny was in a
suntan booth and that she peeped in and watched her
lay there in the nude as she got her suntan. 
Krista went on to say that she seemed to enjoy
looking at Sunny's nude body.  Sunny was
embarrassed by this, and later told me she felt
very uncomfortable by Krista's dream.  I told her
it was kinky and that most guys would love to watch
two women enjoy each other as only a woman can.  It
was dropped and to this day nothing has occurred
between the women (as far as I know anyway!)
     After many late nights, we decided that we
ought to get together at their house and since they
had an extra bedroom then we could just spend the
night.  Well that night was just as the others as
we played games and talked.  About 11pm we watched
Johnny Carson and talked somemore.  Sunny is not
much of a night person, so she said she was going
to bed.  About 10 minutes later Craig did the same. 
This left me and Krista watching the TV.
     Krista was very pretty, she has short blonde
hair, large pointed breasts that don't sag a bit,
and a sexy tush.  She had been the object of my
fantasies for some time, and I had even managed to
peep through her windows one time to see her as she
stepped out of the shower and walked around her
room in the nude.
     We were sitting about 10 feet apart on
seperate couches facing each other, and I though
Carson was boring so I picked up the romote control
and started scanning the channels.  When I stopped
on HBO there was a scene of a man undressing a
woman and then the scene changed to her laying down
and him making love to her.  It was very graphic,
and then there was a close-up of him licking her
breasts.  I felt my cock starting to get hard, and
I asked Krista if she likes nudity in movies.  She
said she did and wondered if I noticed how hard the
girl's nipples were as he licked them.  I said yes. 
She said "that isn't anything" and she grabbed the
remote and turned on the satelite dish and flipped
over to the Playboy channel.
     The screen was hot now, and since I had had
very little exposure to X rated movies I was
amazed.  Krista mentioned that she never gets to
watch the Playboy channel because Bruce wouldn't
let her.  He said it was wrong.  But the stuff on
HBO was cartoons compared to what Playboy was
showing.  There was a woman on all fours on a bed
and there was a guy with a huge cock fucking her in
from behind while she was giving another guy the
deepest blow job you can imagine.  Needless to say
my cock was as hard as a rock now and I decided I
wouldn't cover it up anymore.  I stared at the
screen and couldn't believe my eyes or ears, the
moaning was unbeleivable.  Then I asked Krista,
"does this stuff turn you on?" to that she
responded "yes, very much".  Krista was wearing
white shorts and a white cotton top.  She had a bra
on but I could still make out her nipples since
they were obviously erect.  I decided to
concentrate more on Krista and less on the TV so I
asked her if I could turn it off so we could talk. 
She said ok, and I turned off the TV and also
turned off the only light in the room.  I told her
we could probably talk more honestly if we couldn't
see each other's face.  Krista agreed.  I asked her
if she had ever looked at Playboy or Hustler
magazine.  She said she hadn't but that if she
could she would have a stack of them.  I told her
that they had fantasies printed in them too that I
found very stimulating.  She asked me to share some
that I remembered.
      As we sat there in the darkened room, our
eyes became adjusted to the light and I could make-
out Krista's body on the couch across the room.  I
could even make-out where her shorts and top
stopped and where her arms and legs started since
she had such a nice tan.  I began to share fantasy
after fantasy that I could remember reading.  I
became VERY turned on, so I told her that I was
getting very horny.  She said she was horny too,
and then I noticed that she started rubbing herself
on top of her shorts.  She didn't realize that I
could see her, so I tried not to let my voice
quiver when I talked.  I asked her if she had ever
had oral sex, and she said that she gives Bruce
blowjobs, but that he doesn't like to lick her.  I
told her he should try it because it's a great
taste.  I noticed her hand increasing in tempo.  I
asked Krista if she ever felt of herself and her
hand stopped mid stroke.  She acted dumb and said
"what?", so I asked her if she ever felt of
herself.  She didn't answer but asked me if I ever
felt of myself.  I immediatly answered yes and I
put my hand over the bulge in my pants and began to
rub lightly.  I hoped she could see me, and she
began stroking herself again.  
     I decided to buy the farm, so I took off my
shirt and unzipped my pants, just far enough to
pull my cock out.  I told Krista what I had done,
and said I didn't see any harm since it was dark in
the room and detail was hard to see.  There was a
moment of quiet and then in the dim light, I saw
Krista unzip her shorts and then I could make out
her hand going INSIDE her shorts and panties.  I
had to stop stroking my cock every once in a while
because I would get close to climax.  After about 5
minutes or so, Krista stopped and pulled her top
over her head and then after a second I saw her bra
fall free from her too.  I could make out very
little detail but I could see her dark nipples.  I
got up from my couch and walked over and sat down
next to her and asked her if this would be ok.  I
told her I wanted to hear her moan as she stroked
herself, Krista then realized that I could make out
what she was doing, and she said "no problem, but
you have to moan too!".  I was in heaven, and I
told Krista that I wanted us to cum at the same
time if possible.  She said "Well you better hurry,
cause I'm wet and not far from it!"
I could hear the slurping sounds as her finger
disappeared in the mound of dark hair that covered
her pussy.  I could even smell her juices and the
desire to get on the floor between her knees and
lick her to orgasm was unbearable.  Instead I
reached out my left hand, and slid it down her
stomach and into her panties.  Krista was right,
she was very wet, and very hot, and as she felt my
hand she moved her own and reached out and grabbed
the head of my cock.  She grunted and came and so
did I, and my cum squirted between her fingers, and
she covered my hand with her own juice.  
     After a few moments, Krista said "That was
great", I said "I agree".  Krista got up from the
couch and walked into the kitchen and washed her
hands, and I licked her juice off my fingers.  I
was right, Bruce was missing a sweet tasting pussy. 
Krista stuck her head into the room and said she
was going to bed, and I said "thanks again". She
said "the pleasure was all mine".

--
