Tryout
by deirdre

I have long been aware of the fact that my husband is turned on by 
the idea of S & M and would love it if I would ever play the 
submissive.  The problem is, I never had the least bit of interest in 
the idea, and I certainly wasn't about to humiliate myself in front of 
any man just for his pleasure.  For a long time I just figured he 
should have to live with it, but recently I started to worry: here is 
the one thing that really turns on my husband, and because it's me he 
loves, he has to miss out on it.  He might have chosen a different 
woman, and if she liked that sort of thing, then he would be 
experiencing pleasures he would never experience since he fell in 
love with me.  Instead, as reward for his love, he would go through 
life never having that experience.

Despite my thoughts, there was no way I would ever consent to 
playing that role.  Eventually I began to entertain an idea which I 
never thought I would seriously consider: I could let my husband have 
sex with someone else who would satisfy those needs.  I knew he 
loved me and I am well aware of how men "compartmentalize" their 
feelings of love versus sex.  So I wasn't worried about losing him: 
mostly I was worried about my own feelings about the whole thing.

After worrying about it and thinking about it, I finally did decide to 
go through with it.  The next question was who I might allow him to 
have sex with?  Did he know any submissive women?  Old 
girlfriends?  I didn't think I could stand that.  And it would bother 
me a lot if I found out that he had already discussed S & M with any 
likely woman.  The idea of sending him out to search for a woman 
bothered me too much too.  Could I find him such a partner?  Not 
likely!  But of all the choices, that one was the most palatable, so I 
made myself think about just about every woman I knew: would she 
be willing?  Could I stand it?

Finally I thought of a woman: her name is Anne and she is one of the 
secretaries where I work.  She is reasonably attractive and is very 
quiet.  But one of the women at work told me a couple of strange 
stories about Anne--suffice it to say, she could well be willing.  The 
more I thought of it, the more Anne seemed like the best choice: I 
wasn't threatened by her at all, she was attractive enough that my 
husband would like doing something with her, and rumor had it she 
might go for the idea.

I had to figure out how to bring up the idea with her.  And I still had 
the fear that maybe she wouldn't be interested--or maybe the rumor 
I heard was wrong!  The morning after I decided to go through with 
it, I gave her some typing to do.  When it was delivered, I called her 
and asked her to stop in and see me.  When she arrived, I told her she 
was very good at following directions.  Then I told her that my 
husband and I had some work we needed done, but we needed someone 
who would follow directions to the letter.  I asked her if she thought 
she was the type of person who could follow our directions 
explicitly.

She said yes.  So I told her it wasn't for pay, it would be voluntary 
and it was most important that the person do exactly what we say.  
Did she have any interest?  She was still interested.  So I told her 
she would have to exactly what we told her to do, no matter what it 
was.  She looked a little nervous, but she still claimed to be willing.

Then I said that I would have to give her a little test, just to make 
sure she was capable of following instructions to the letter no 
matter what.  When she still didn't object, I told her to walk over to 
the corner of the office.  She did it.  Then I told her to turn around 
and face the corner.  She did that too.  I complimented her, telling 
her she could indeed be trusted to carry out orders, but I wanted to 
give her a little more of a test just to be certain.  She still remained 
in agreement.  So I told her to unbutton her blouse.  Without a word, 
she did it.  Then I told her to take it off and drop it to the floor.  
After she did that, I told her to unhook her bra and drop it to the 
floor too.  She did that too, no complaint whatsoever.  She was 
standing in the corner, her back to me, nude from the waist up.  So I 
told her she had passed the test and to be at our house at 7:30 that 
evening.  Then I stepped out of the office, telling her she could dress 
and leave.

I felt like my heart was in my throat.  I could hardly believe I had 
done all that.  And had actually put my idea in motion!  And my 
husband would be so shocked!  It took me a while to calm down and 
get back to work.

That day I lunched as I usually do with Jane who is my best friend 
and works at the same company.  We tell each other just about 
everything, but even so, I'm not sure I would have told her about my 
plan except that she asked me what was new and she has this little 
way of making me feel prudish, daring me to prove her wrong.  Well, 
even though I knew her little ways, I found myself trying to get a 
rise out of her by telling her something of my plan.  So I told her I 
had decided to let my husband have sex with another woman.

She was, indeed surprised and a little part of me felt smug at having 
accomplished that.  She wanted to know why, so I explained my 
husband's interest in S & M and how I just wasn't cut out to do such a 
thing, and that I decided to let my husband have some S & M fun with 
another woman.  She wanted to know if I was just going to let him 
go out and find someone.  I told her no--I would do the choosing.

Then she said something that flabbergasted me: she asked me if she 
could be the one!  I sat there with my mouth hanging open for the 
longest time.  I told her she couldn't be serious but she replied that 
she certainly was.  I told her it would have to be someone who would 
allow my husband to tie her up and whip her.  She said that was fine!  
I told her it would be too weird for me, having my husband with a 
woman I knew so well--I'd be jealous for certain.  She said I should 
watch her being punished and my jealousy would be eased--that 
maybe I would even enjoy punishing her myself!

I still couldn't believe it.  Here was Jane, arguing with me to let her 
have sex with my husband!  Finally I told her I already had a 
volunteer.  That floored her!  After her initial astonishment, she 
professed to not believe me.  She demanded to know who.  I finally 
broke down and told her it was Anne.  That shut her up.  She looked 
thoughtful through the rest of lunch, but didn't bring the subject up 
again.

Well after lunch I still had it on my mind that Jane found my husband 
attractive and was willing to be whipped to have sex with him!  It 
was hard to work since I was so distracted by all my thoughts, but 
then I had another interruption: about a half hour after lunch, Jane 
marched into my office dragging Anne!  I stood up immediately, but I 
didn't know what to say!

"So it's true" she said.  "And I found out you already had a little fun 
yourself."  I didn't know what to say.  She went on: "So *you* enjoy it 
*too*: being in control... giving orders!"

Anne just stood there, quietly.  I still didn't know what to say.  Jane 
went on: "Or, perhaps... you identified with Anne as she submitted?"  
I still stared at her, open-mouthed.  I was so embarrassed I couldn't 
believe it.

"We'll see which it is" continued Jane, "Come here."  Jane is such a 
leader, that when I'm around her I guess I am a follower.

"Give me your hands"  I held them out and she immediately grabbed 
my wrists and turned them back so I was forced to get down on my 
knees.  We stayed like that stock still for a while, me on my knees, 
Jane standing in front of me, holding my wrists.

"Are you getting excited?"  she asked, finally.  I was breathing 
heavily.  She put her hand underneath my chin and turned my face up 
to her.  Then she softly caressed my face.  Then she pushed a finger 
into my mouth.

"Suck" she said, just above a whisper.  She drew her finger out and 
my lips made a kissing sound.

"So now we know" she said and she drew Anne with her out of the 
office, leaving me there on my knees, trembling and breathing hard.
I knelt there, not knowing what to do.  Then I got up and tried to 
return to work, but I got very little done the rest of the day.

Finally the day was over and I drove home.  I walked in the front 
door, and there was Jane, apparently in conversation with my 
husband!  When I appeared they stopped.  Then Jane said to him, 
"Watch."  Then she said "kneel", obviously to me, in the stern voice 
she had used earlier in the day.  I wasn't going to do it.  No way!

She quickly grabbed my wrists and forced me down just as she had 
done earlier.  I looked up at her but didn't say a thing.  She looked 
down at me.  Then she squatted down in front of me, grabbed my 
blouse, and ripped it open.  I started to protest, but before I had 
uttered a sound, she had one finger in front of her mouth in the 
"shush" sign.  Then she slowly approached me, put her arms around 
me without actually touching me and pulled the blouse off.  She was 
so close!  Then she unhooked my bra and pulled it off.  I noticed Anne 
standing on the other side of the room watching.  Anne was fully 
dressed.  Then Jane kissed me, her tongue immediately invading my 
mouth.  In three seconds I was on my back on the floor and Jane was 
on top of me, still kissing me.  One of her hands was playing with my 
left nipple.  I felt other hands pulling off the rest of my clothes.  
Jane rolled over, pulling me on top of her.  I felt my hands restrained 
behind me and my feet were tied, too.

"You're gonna love the whip" Jane whispered in my ear.
