This is an explicit tale of sex between consenting adults. Not for 
consumption by minors or those who don't like such stuff. 

This is almost certainly a work of fiction. 








TRYOUT 
-- by Friar Dave

PART THREE




     The bottoms of the dark silken pajamas hung low on Kim's full hips, 
accentuating the wonderful flare from her trim waist to her  full
buttocks. Her ass twitched enticingly through the material and Connie 
stopped in the bedroom doorway to watch and savor. 
     How can she be so beautiful and sexy? Connie thought. She barely 
noticed the room's furnishings -- the dresser and armoire, the plush 
rug, the floor-to-ceiling drapes -- because her eyes focused on the 
queen-size bed and the woman standing before it and turning to face her.
     Kim raised her arms to Connie and the petite ballet instructor 
wasted no time in going to her -- and those fabulous breasts. She took 
one in each hand and hefted them, then bent and mouthed each huge 
nipple. When both were thoroughly slicked, Connie stretched up on her 
tiptoes and began rubbing her own engorged nozzles against Kim's unusual 
nipples. The sensation of nipples against nipples sent shivers of 
pleasure through her lithe little frame. She slowly dropped to her 
knees, her tongue out and busy on the firm, indrawn flesh of Kim's tummy 
as she pulled the pajama bottoms down and for the first time saw Kim 
completely naked.
     The hairs around Kim's cunt were like those on her head -- reddish 
blonde and abundant. Her thighs were pale and full with their firm 
youth. Connie pushed Kim back and the younger woman sat on the bed, 
letting Connie part her thighs and lick from her knees to her crotch and 
back down.
     Connie felt transported by what she was doing -- electrified. She 
felt all the tiny, soft hairs on her forearms standing up as if a 
current was running through her. Something about the musky, post-workout 
scent of this young woman -- so long desired -- and the tautness of her 
pale flesh tingled through her entire body. Every part of her seemed to 
vibrate of its own accord and in harmony with every other part of her 
physique. She wanted to return pleasure for pleasure a hundred-fold and 
immerse herself in sybaritic abandon.
     Kim's scent was rich, almost intoxicating. No matter how much 
Connie wanted to delay and tease, as she licked and nibbled those 
trembling, smooth thighs, she was drawn inexorably back to moist center 
of her lover's lush furred cunt.
     With a moan of surrender, Connie spread Kim's labia. The lips were 
thick and prominent and all the more so for being swollen with lust. The 
juices glistened brightly, even in the low light filtering into the 
bedroom from the open door to the living room. At the apex of her pussy 
lips was the protruding nodule of Kim's swollen clitoris. 
     With thumb and forefingers holding wide Kim's cunt lips, Connie 
blew softly across the pink opening glimpsed within. She saw Kim's cunt 
contract automatically and watched the little lift and hump of her 
engorged clit. It was almost as if the small bundle of nerve-covered 
flesh was leaping upward to capture more of Connie's hot breath.
     She couldn't wait any longer.
     Connie ducked her head forward and licked out with the tip of her 
tongue, a long, slow, savory tasting of the juicy valley. Kim moaned and 
shuddered and Connie felt her hands come down to grip her dark-curled 
head and pull her closer.
     She opened her mouth wide and dropped it down over Kim's cunt, 
covering the entire area with her hot oral cavity. She felt Kim's thighs 
quiver and slowly press down on her head and ears, trapping her there. 
Connie released her finger-hold on Kim's cunt lips and began licking and 
sucking and -- yes, even chewing (carefully) for all she was worth. As 
she slipped her hands under Kim's taut ass cheeks, she stiffened her 
tongue and pressed as far into Kim's cunt as she could reach, enjoying 
the way Kim tried to capture her pink mouth muscle with her eager cunt. 
She drew back until she held only the swollen knob of Kim's clit in her 
lips and then sucked on it mightily -- all the way swiping the tip of 
her tongue back and forth as rapidly and lightly as she could.
     Kim's shuddering became a frantic, desperate bucking. Her rounded 
hips humped up off the bed and she shook as if having a fit. Connie 
could barely hear the moan rise in volume and pitch until it became a 
shrill wail of pleasure, total and abandoned. She hung suspended like 
that for long moments while Connie continued teasing at and toying with 
her tortured clit, unrelentingly driving her farther and farther in her 
orgasm. Connie simultaneously slid one hand farther beneath her lovely 
blonde lover and speared her with a forefinger driven into the spasming 
clutches of Kim's cunt and an index finger, slicked by copious overflow 
of lusty lubrications, wedging its way into the fearsome constrictions 
of Kim's almost virgin anus.
     Kim's scream was clearly audible to Connie, even through the 
muffling effect of Kim's shaking thighs. She wriggled both fingers and 
felt her young lover stiffen in utter surrender.
     Suddenly, Kim fell back to the bed, writhing and shaking and 
moaning in pleasure. Connie knew the symptoms and knew what was needed. 
She quickly disentangled herself and crawled up on the bed next to Kim 
and they lavished desperate kisses and hugs upon each other. 
     "Oh, so sweet, so sweet, I'd forgotten how sweet," Kim babbled as 
she caressed and squeezed Connie. She rolled Connie onto her side in the 
circle of her arms and two embraced, twining their thighs and rubbing 
pussies against legs as their hands made free and savored each other's 
charms.
     The sweetness became leavened with renewed passion. Connie couldn't 
stop marveling at the lush curves of her new lover  and  Kim  was
captivated by the taut, throbbing arousal of the older woman. As the 
minutes passed, Connie found herself trying to resist the temptation of 
Kim's wondrous breasts and amazing nipples -- and Kim found herself 
trying to resist the rich, sweet, musky aroma of Connie's compact little 
bush and her tight cunt.
     Connie kissed her way down Kim's chest and began wallowing in the 
abundance of her breasts. Her lips found and latched onto Kim's large 
nipples and then she was drawn lower...across the plane of the young 
woman's taut belly and abdomen to her lush cunt. She tried to tease 
again, but couldn't resist: Connie's head ducked between Kim's long, 
quivering thighs and she plastered her lips to Kim's reddish-blonde 
thatch.
     Not that Kim was passive.
     Kim  guided the smaller woman's legs till they straddled her, 
reversed, and pulled Connie's petite twat down onto her mouth -- and 
feasted. She licked and sucked the entire region, all the time running 
her hands up and over the smaller woman's tight ass and tiny waist. Her 
lips sealed over Connie's swollen clit and labia and her tongue delved 
deep into her cunt.
     Because of the disparity in their heights, the classic "69" simply 
wouldn't work -- if lips and tongues were to be fastened to cunnies and 
clits. But Kim had promised Connie a unique treat -- and fulfilling that 
promise would also restore Connie's thirsty mouth to Kim's cunt.
     Connie was dribbling her tongue over all over Kim's smooth abdomen 
that she could reach -- but it wasn't enough. The curly thatch of 
reddish-blonde pubic hair beckoned her and the rich scent of Kim's 
juices was a siren's call. Her hands went around Kim's hips and then 
clasped her magnificent buttocks. She squeezed hard enough to make the 
younger woman gasp against her cunt and then began pulling herself 
lower, relinquishing the delights of Kim's tongue on her cunt for the 
satisfaction of feeling Kim's well-oiled pussy under her lips.
     Connie felt the abundant swells of Kim's tits against her thighs as 
she wriggled lower. Then Kim was gripping her hips and shifting her... 
and she felt -- 
     "AHHHH!"
     Connie couldn't restrain the cry of pleasure. She knew what was 
being done to her, though she'd never felt it before. Even as she buried 
her cries of pleasure against Kim's savory cunt, she felt the larger, 
younger woman pressing her huge nipple in her cunt. The touch was so 
soft, yet so firm! An, more than that, the idea of it was sending her 
into paroxysms. The enormous, broad expanse of Kim's unusual nipple was 
being rubbed back and forth over Connie's immensely swollen clitoris and 
then jammed against the split of her trim pussy. Almost without thinking 
of it, Connie found her lips locked again around Kim's pulsating pussy 
pout while her own hips were beginning to jerk uncontrollably. Connie 
knew herself and knew she was working up through a succession of smaller 
orgasms to a real, screaming whopper of a cum... and licked and sucked 
all the more fervently on her new lover's cunt.
     It was when she worked one hand a bit farther under Kim that the 
taller woman started to moan loudly. Connie's fingers pressed against 
her cunt and Kim found herself almost involuntarily hunching her hips 
down, trying to capture the probing digits. 
     Connie rubbed the swollen cunt lips with  one  finger  while
continuing to lick. When she sensed Kim couldn't stand any more, she 
thrust the finger into Kim's cunt and then hung on for dear life.
     Kim rammed Connie's little cunt down against her huge nipple and 
screamed her pleasure as she bucked and heaved. She held the smaller 
woman's taut left ass cheek with a knuckle-whitening grip; her other 
hand squeezed her own tit just as hard and vibrated her enormous nipple 
area as hard and rapidly as she could against Connie's swollen cunt.
     Connie felt her orgasm swelling in her flat belly and thrust a 
second finger into Kim's constricting cunt. The younger woman howled 
again and bucked for more, so Connie gave her a third -- and then a 
fourth finger. She waggled the four digits inside Kimberly, feeling the 
juices ripple and flow -- and then Connie was caught up in her own peak.
     She ground her cunt down, down, down, trying to capture Kim's 
gigantic nipple in her aching quim and shuddered with pleasure, moaning 
and writhing on the soft, lush curves of her overheated Sapphic lover.
     After uncounted waves of pleasure had finally washing both of them, 
they collapsed, half-sobbing with relief, against each other. Connie 
somehow found the strength to reverse herself and welcomed Kim's soft, 
cuddling. She happily, languorously licked her juices from Kim's still 
huge nipple, and ten did the same for the other -- "So it won't feel 
left out," she explained.
     "Mmmmmm."
     Then she lay her head upon the pillows of Kim's spectacular breasts 
and savored the gentle undulations of her breathing as Kim wrapped her 
arms about her. 

     When Connie stirred, Kim woke, too. Connie turned her face up for a 
kiss and it quickly became passionate. Kim's nipples hardened quickly 
and Connie raced Kim's. When the kiss finally ended, both were panting.
     "I could do this forever," Kim said, breathlessly.
     "So could I -- but I'd miss Jerry." Connie giggled. 
     "Greedy, aren't you?"
     "I want it all!"
     "If you had it all, would you share it?"
     Connie's smile faded slowly and became wistful. "I would but Jerry 
just isn't interested. Hasn't been, anyhow."
     "I didn't mean it that way!"
     Connie kissed her lightly on the chin. "Are you sure?"
     Kim had a thoughtful expression for the next few moments. Then: 
"Maybe I did. It's not a bad idea."
     "I think it's a terrific idea." Connie rolled onto her side and ran 
one hand lightly up and down over Kim's abundant curves. "And you'd get 
to find out what it's like to be really filled up."
     "You filled me up pretty good with your fingers. How many did you 
have in me?"
     "Four."
     Kim rolled her eyes. "No wonder. I can never get more than three in 
me."
     "Mine are smaller. See?" She held up the accused fingers and 
wiggled.
     "Sure, a little, but sometimes I think there's something wrong with 
me. All I can think about is finding a guy with a big one -- "
     "Who knows how to use it."
     "Right -- but then I wonder if it could get it me. I mean, when I 
get turned on, it seems like I just squeeze and squeeze and -- " She 
giggled. Connie was nodded solemnly.
     "I know. I felt. Guys must love it. But don't worry -- if a baby's 
head will fit through there, anything will."
     "Maybe when I get a little older."
     "Has nothing to do with it. When I was in college, I was into a 
whole orgy scene for a while. One of the other girl was this sophomore, 
not much bigger than me -- and she liked having a fist in her every now 
and then."
     Kim's eyes widened. "A fist?"
     "Uh-huh. I mean, first a couple of fingers, then more fingers, then 
the whole hand. When she really started cumming, she'd take a clenched 
fist and came so hard she actually lost consciousness a few times. It 
was kind of a strange turn-on to see a woman my size cumming while a 
big, hairy guy had his fist, wrist and part of his forearm reaming her 
out." Connie shook her head, remembering. "I mean, she was so tight that 
usually it was hard work to get two fingers in her. But when she got 
going -- once she had two guys at once in her vagina and loved it. And she 
was maybe nineteen at the time."
     She kissed Kim lightly on the nearest nipple. "Don't worry, honey 
-- you can take it...from the right guy."
     She sat up easily and arched her back. Kim couldn't resist running 
one hand over Connie's sleek back and the older woman purred, catlike, 
at the petting. Finally she stood and turned to look down at  her
magnificently proportioned lover. "You know, I want to do this again."
     "And again."
     "And again."
     "Et cetera."
     "But it's going to be hard keeping my pants dry when I see you in 
class."
     "If you get too moist, I'll just have to do something about it."
     "Like take them off for me?"
     Kim nodded. "When can we get together like this again?"
     Connie cocked her hips and looked thoughtful. "This is Tuesday...
You have any free nights later this week?"
     Kim sat up smoothly, all her rich curve rippling beautifully. 
Connie was again fascinated by the lack of an swaying in Kim's big 
breasts; they were so firm that they hardly bounced at all.
     "Well, I have a wine-tasting party tomorrow night and Thursday I 
have a class at the New School."
     "What?"
     Kim blushed slightly. "I'm studying a language." She looked up to 
find Connie staring at her.
     "Give."
     "Chinese." She shrugged. "I've always been fascinated by the 
culture and country and traditions and someday I want to visit China."
     "Good! What about Friday?"
     "Nothing so far."
     "Let's you and I go out." Connie's eyes were sparkling.
     "Sure. Where?"
     "Shopping."
     "Huh?"
     "I'm going to take you to a toy store -- an adult toy store. Can 
you bring your car into Manhattan Friday?"
     "I have to bring it in every day," Kim groused. "What a pain in the 
ass."
     "I'll bet it is. I'll meet you in the Village. What time do you 
finish for the day?"
     "Any time after five."
     "Fine. Have the car in a garage in the Village somewhere near West 
Fourth and Sixth Avenue. I'll meet you at the Cornelia Street Cafe at 
six. I'll be wearing a red rose, so you'll recognize me with my clothes 
on."
     Kim laughed and stood and hugged her tightly. "I feel funny about 
going into a sex-aid store."
     "Relax, honey -- I'll protect you."
     "But -- why?"
     "I want to get us some toys. Like Joni's Butterfly, and maybe some 
nice vibrators or dildos or both ... and I want to be wicked!"
     She said it with such a pixie-esh expression her face that Kimberly 
had to giggle and hug her again.
     "Will you be wicked with me?" Kim asked.
     "Count on it."
     "It's a date!" Kim agreed.
* * * 
     When Connie stepped into the house, she found Jerry sitting in the 
living room, staring at CNN. A snifter was on the end table next to his 
chair and the brandy bottle -- half-empty -- was next to it.
     He didn't look up at the sound of her entrance. 
     "Hi, husband."
     He hit the MUTE button on the TV's remote control and turned. 
"Hello, wife."
     She walked over to him and bent at the waist to kiss him. The kiss 
lingered.
     "I know that taste," he said. His speech was still clear. "I take 
it you were successful."
     She doffed her coat and sat on the other part of the sectional. 
"Yes. And it was lovely." She flicked her gaze at the snifter and 
bottle, then back to him, waiting. He understood.
     Jerry was a recovering alcoholic. He'd fallen a few times, but 
generally went through his days. By agreement, they kept a small bottle 
of brandy in the house. A long time ago, they'd made an agreement and 
had a safe installed in the wall of the bedroom. Only Connie had the 
combination. She would never question him if he found himself unable to 
resist -- provided that before he reached for the booze, he stashed the 
car keys in the safe and juggled the combination. 
     "They're in there," he said. "I wasn't sure I could handle it if 
you stayed the night. I'm not getting any younger and  I  wonder,
sometimes, if this one is going to be the lover you fall  for  --
forever." He shrugged, slightly uncoordinated.
     There was another, older, more powerful agreement between them -- 
complete honesty.
     "I could really fall hard for her."
     "I could tell."
     "But I couldn't live without you, every day, right here -- holding 
me." She felt tears welling in her eyes. "Just the thought of not being 
in your arms..." She shook her head too hard, too fast. "I can't stand 
that thought."
     "I feel the same way. So -- " He nodded toward the snifter. "But it 
doesn't help enough."
     "Does my being here help enough?"
     He stared at her until she added: "Rhetorical question."
     "You goddam betcha. Would you put some coffee on?"
     The tears overcame her defenses, despite the genuine smile. "You 
goddam betcha."
     "Want to talk about it?"
     "See previous response." She stood. "By the way, she wants you, 
too. A lot."
     He closed his eyes and wrinkled his forehead, then exhaled slowly. 
Finally: "Me? All of me?"
     "Don't be silly. I'm the only person who could want all of you the 
way I do."
     "I know. Help me stand." He held out his hand. She took it, knowing 
he didn't physically need it, and led him into the kitchen. As she made 
the coffee, she told him about the planned date at the sex-aid store and 
Kim's cravings.
     Later, as they undressed each other for bed, she told what she and 
Kimberly had done and said, and what she planned for Friday night.
     In detail.
                                                                   [more]








Originally uploaded 3/20/91 to NixPix Windy City 708 564 1754, the only 
place where the rest of it will be uploaded by the author. Re-upload 
elsewhere freely, as long as you got it from a NixPixNet BBS and you 
don't change it. Fair enough? Thanks!

NixPix Central (the original Nick)   303 920 1263
NixPix East    (in the Northeast)    207 693 3431
NixPix Windy City (the Midwest)      708 564 1754
NixPix Sweden                        011 46 40 110590
NixPix Austria                       011 43 77 198871



============================================================================
     For 99 percent of those who can read, this is a needless reminder, 
so I address this to the one percent.
     If you enjoyed this story and/or appreciate the time and effort I 
put into writing it, there's a simple way for you to quietly show that 
appreciation -- by acting as a responsible BBSer. That means:
     Don't let any minors read this;
     Don't send it to any BBS that wouldn't welcome it. (You may not 
agree with the SysOp's restriction on x-rated files or stories but 
that's the SysOp's perogative and as a guest/subscriber/user of his or 
her BBS, you are honor-bound to respect the stated restrictions);
     Don't change or modify the file name or the text itself; that's a 
cheat and we both know it.

On a personal note, I ask you not to remove either this afterward or my 
handle.

Thanks, in advance.
                                                                 -- F.D.
