This is an explicit tale of sex between consenting adults. Not for 
consumption by minors or those who don't like such stuff. 

This is almost certainly a work of fiction. 








TRYOUT 
-- by Friar Dave

PART SEVEN




     Connie felt the beautiful Japanese woman's long tongue slithering 
deeper into her cunt and screamed her pleasure into the pillow. Emily's 
lower lip was moving against Connie's clitoris as her tongue -- long 
enough to touch the tip of her nose -- tried valiantly to reach deep 
inside to massage the petite brunette's G-spot. Her oral muscle wasn't 
quite *that* long -- but Connie  bucked  and  writhed  in  joyful
appreciation of the effort.
     The combination of Emily's enthusiastic and talented mouth on her 
cunt and Kim's voracious suckling at her nipples had kept  Connie
cumming for something like a half hour. The orgasms just kept rolling 
through her until she felt as if she were one huge, quivering nerve. 
     Finally, Emily knelt up, settling her lovely derriere on her heels. 
She trailed her slim, graceful hands down over Connie's still-quaking 
thighs and smiled happily, her tiny-nippled tits quivering slightly. She 
was deeply flushed and her little nipples were stone-hard. Connie 
motioned to her. Both Emily and Kim snuggled against her, the three of 
them kissing and caressing each other, cuddling down after  their
passionate indulgence.
     "I thought I was turning inside-out," Connie panted to Emily. "That 
was just beautiful!"
     "I love making love to your femininity," Emily said, with her 
slight accent and oddly archaic English. "You're taste is delicious and 
your labia are perfectly formed -- and so delicate! I could kiss them 
for hours!"
     Connie kissed Emily's forehead and cupped one perfectly rounded 
breast. Emily's tits were as amazing in their way as Kim's. Though less 
abundant than the beautiful young dance student's, Emily's breasts were 
perfectly proportioned to her elegant curves and were much more full 
than Connie would have expected from an Oriental. And they were so firm!
     Kim's breasts wee fabulous in their own right. For one thing, they 
were large and firm, jutting with all the gravity-defying exuberance of 
her youth. But the true marvels were her nipples. They were not the 
usual aureole surrounding a pointed nozzle; the entire ends of her 
breasts were like huge nipples, swelling as hard and large as the shell 
of a walnut. 
     "I feel so empty inside!" Connie whispered, writhing between her 
two lovers. "Kim! Toy time!"
     Kim's eyes sparkled. She kissed Connie's cheek, then rolled across 
the wide waterbed to the edge. She grabbed the tote bag from beside the 
bed and knelt up straight, a vision of lush, abundant curves. With her 
rich tangle of hair falling disheveled about her face, she was lust 
personified.
     With a flourish, Kim opened and upended the bag. The dildos and 
vibrators and lubricants tumbled to the undulating surface of the bed.
     Emily crawled to all fours across Connie's torso, knees on one side 
and hands on the other, to inspect the collection. "Oh, my!"  she
exclaimed.
     Connie sat up. The muscles rippled on the abdomen of the dance 
teacher. "I want you two to agree to do whatever I tell you, now, okay?"
     Kim nodded at once; after a moment, Emily agreed, as well.
     "Kim, outfit Emily with one of Joni's Butterflys, and pick a dildo 
for me. Grease it up good."
     "Okay, boss."
     "Whatever you wish."
     Kim selected exactly the dildo Connie had expected -- the big 
twenty-inch double dong -- and lubed it with half a tube of K-Y. Connie 
took the butt-plug and lubed it. She held it out to Emily, who took it by 
the flat base, examining it as if she'd never been in the Pink Pussycat 
Boutique and seen on display.
     "For Kim."
     "Ah, so!" Emily said as Connie took the remote control for the 
Joni's Butterfly from Kim. The latex rectangle contained a  small
vibrator. One side of the latex was flat and smooth; the other, shaped 
to fit into a woman's labia, was covered with low, rubber protuberances 
meant to transmit the vibrations to the sensitive inner flesh of the 
labia and to the clitoris. The whole affair fitted neatly over Emily's 
sweet pussy and was held in place by an elastic strap that went around 
her waist and two garter-like straps that encircled her thighs.
     Connie carefully thumbed the slide control to its lowest setting 
and watched Emily's eyes widen -- then half-close as her hips began to 
trace tiny circles of pleasure.
     Connie lay back slowly, legs wide. "You, too, Kim," she said, a 
gesture indicating Kim was to mirror her position, so their pussies 
would be open and nearly in alignment.
     "Emily, put that dildo into us."
     "Oh, yesss...." Emily's voice was a lusty sigh as she hefted the 
large double-dong. She frowned as she looked at Connie's little cunt.
     "Don't worry -- my husband is almost as thick. I want it!"
     Emily bent gracefully at the waist and put her face near the cuntal 
juncture. She smiled and that long tongue came out to lick Connie's 
cunt, then Kim's. Both recipients moaned and rolled their hips with 
pleasure. 
     Connie tensed with anticipation when she felt Emily fitting the fat 
knob of the artificial cock into her cunt lips. She felt  herself
stretching and giving way, slowly and with just a hint of the most 
wonderfully delicious discomfort. She thumbed the control on  the
Butterfly higher. Emily emitted a polite, lady-like squeal and pushed 
the head of the dildo into Connie's cunt. 
     Connie felt as if she couldn't catch her breath. She struggled to 
regain control of her breathing long enough to say, "Kim -- hold the 
butt-plug."
     As Emily handed the butt-plug to Kim, she worked more of the fat 
dildo up Connie's hungry little cunt. Three, four, five inches slid in, 
stretching and reaming her cunt in the most wonderful way.
     "Put the other end into Kimberly," Connie instructed. She groaned 
again as she felt the dildo flex and move inside her, responding to 
Emily efforts to align it. Kim's sigh and grunt of pleasure informed her 
when the insertion was made. Connie groped blindly till her fingers 
found Kim's. They gripped each other's hand and began working their 
cunnies toward contact, swallowing more and more of the big double dildo.
     Connie felt Kim's soft pubic hair against her labia. "Roll a 
little," she gasped.
     Kim rolled halfway onto her side and Connie forced their cunts 
completely together.
     Connie managed to focus her gaze on Emily. The beautiful Japanese 
woman was staring with heavy-lidded eyes at the lewd sight of two lovely 
women impaling themselves on opposite ends of the same out-sized rubber 
cock. The sight was having its effect. Emily's face, throat and chest 
were flushed, her breathing was shallow and rapid and her nipples were 
so swollen, they looked ready to burst. Her soft lips were parted and 
slightly and from time to time, the tip of her tongue flickered across 
them.
     "Stick that plug up Kim's little backside," Connie breathed.
     Emily jerked, as if startled. She bent at the waist and kissed 
Kim's luxuriant hip as she slid the butt-plug into position.
     Connie felt Kimberly's stiffening when it began to penetrate, then 
heard the deep sigh of contentment as the little rubber device was 
securely lodged. She pulled on Kim's hand to make her lay back flat on 
the bed and began slowly hunching her hips, fucking Kimberly with the 
double dong while she fucked her own overheated little pussy.
     "Get down here and lick us both!" Connie hissed.
     Emily didn't need a second invitation. Her wet, hungry  lips
explored the thighs and abdomen of each impaled woman in turn, then that 
marvelously agile tongue was tracing the tautly stretched labia -- or as 
much as she could reach -- and finally moved between two swollen clits.
     It was there that Emily was in her glory and her talent was put to 
the best use. She kept her tongue between the two women and twitched it 
back and forth, as quick as a pink tuning fork, flicking at the tips of 
the two engorged clitorises. Connie reached down with one hand to cup 
Emily's breast. She closed her fingertips around the tiny, hard nipple 
and pulled on it slightly. She was rewarded with the soft exhalation of 
Emily's groan of pleasure. 
     Connie pinched the nipple hard and Emily shook and shivered and 
for a moment could only rest her cheek on Kim's shuddering abdomen. 
Connie reached over and fingered the garter clasp of  the  Joni's
Butterfly around Emily's left thigh. 
     "Take it off," Connie ordered. "And sit on Kim's face -- but don't 
stop licking!" Emily complied with suddenly clumsy fingers and was 
visibly trembling with pleasure as she slowly moved into position, Her 
tongue never ceased to work its wonders on the two women. Kim's groans 
of pleasure were muffled in the liquid softness of Emily's wet twat.
     Connie slowly worked herself off the dildo,  regretting  the
emptiness its removal left inside her spasming cunt -- but looking 
forward even more to what was coming next.
     She quickly reversed herself on the bed, licking the insides of 
Kim's quivering, wide-flung thighs. She gripped the end of the dildo and 
pumped it quickly, almost savagely, in and out of Kim's young cunt. The 
strawberry blonde gasped and bucked at the combined stimuli of Emily's 
tireless tongue and the huge rubber phallus inside her. Connie pushed 
more and more of the big fucker into her girlfriend, till fully a foot 
of it was buried inside Kim's hungry cunt.
     And then she pulled it out, completely.
     Connie heard Kim's muffled howls of frustration and saw how her cunt 
still gaped and drooled. She knew what Kim was feeling, what Kim craved. 
She groped for and found a tube of the K-Y and smeared it on her fingers.
     Then she slipped three fingers into Kim's twat.
     "Yes!" Even muffled by Emily's muff, Kim's cry was clearly audible. 
Connie tucked a fourth finger into Kim's sopping pussy and waggled her 
digits back and fourth in the wet pool of Kim juice. Kim screamed and 
bucked her hips. Connie kept it up for more than a minute, then slid her 
fingers out of her beautiful friend and moved up on the bed. 
     "My turn on her face," she whispered to Emily, her voice raspy with 
lust. Emily sat up slowly and turn passion-glazed eyes on Connie.
     "My turn," Connie repeated and Emily slowly hoisted herself off 
Kim's face.
     Connie looked at the strawberry blonde's face and saw Kim was 
absolutely soaked with Emily's juices. Kim's face was slack, her lips 
were open, her eyes were closed, her hair was a mess -- and her tongue 
was still outstretched.
     Connie lowered her cunt directly over Kim's yearning tongue and 
shivered as she felt the slick pink mouth muscle move against her twat 
and clitoris. She ground her cunt down onto Kim's mouth, her hands 
squeezing and pulling Kim's amazing nipples.
     "Get beside her and lean between her legs," she told Emily.
     The lusty, lovely Japanese woman slithered  into  place  and
immediately began working her remarkable tongue around Kim's hungry 
cunt. Kim vented her pleasures on Connie's receptive cunt -- but Connie 
had something else in mind.
     She leaned forward and her tongue joined Emily's on Kimberly's cunt 
and clit. She reached to one side and grabbed the tube of K-Y jelly. 
"Give me your hand," she told Emily.
     Emily moved in slow-motion, offering her hand. Connie smeared it 
with all the lubricant left in the tube.
     "Now stick three fingers into her," Connie whispered and felt a wave 
of lust wash through her as she watch the delicate fingers -- smaller 
than her own, as she'd noticed while they were eating dinner -- slide 
into her lover. Kimberly had taken Connie's cunt, lips  and  all,
completely into her mouth and was wildly licking and sucking. A series 
of small orgasms was detonating inside the petite ballet teacher's body, 
but she didn't let them distract her.
     "Another," she said to Emily and watched the beautiful Asian's eyes 
close almost all the way as she complied. Connie grabbed Emily's forearm 
and began pumping the fingers in and out of her friend's cunt as if she 
were using a dildo and not another woman's fingers.
     Beneath her, Kim was writhing and bucking, stiffening in orgasm 
from time to time from the twin pleasures of Connie's tongue on her clit 
and Emily's fingers in her cunt.
     "Now tuck your thumb into your palm," Connie ordered. Emily's eyes 
widened slightly, but she complied. Connie pushed Emily's forearm toward 
Kim's cunt and watched Emily's hand begin to sink inside.
     Kimberly arched, her legs widespread and thighs trembling. She 
began rolling her hips in sharp, tight circles, trying to absorb Emily's 
hand. She was sucking crazily on Connie's cunt now, her tongue trying to 
get ever deeper into Connie's grasping quim.
     Connie pushed Emily's hand harder and harder, felt Emily tensing 
with the effort of pushing. 
     "You wanted to know how it felt to ream a woman? Ram your fist up 
her cunt!" she hissed.
     Emily moaned and then her hand disappeared into Kim.
     "UNnnnnngh!" Kim's loud grunt vibrated Connie's insides. She pushed 
Emily's hand deeper into Kim, till almost a third of her forearm was 
buried in the lush young blonde. She could feel Kim's abdomen bulging 
against her upper chest, could feel Emily's hand move inside. She felt 
Kim shuddering and groaning.
     Emily's eyes widened. "She is having an orgasm!" she breathed, 
astonished. "I can feel it on my hand!"
     "Make a fist!" Connie hissed. "Give her more!"
     Kim writhed as Emily complied and Connie licked her cunt. She was 
bowed up off the bed now, seemingly locked in the difficult position and 
seemingly unable to relax from it. Connie felt the orgasms washing 
through Kimberly. She moved her hand higher on Emily's arm, near the 
elbow, and rammed the Japanese woman's small fist deeper into Kim's 
welcoming cunt. 
     Emily turned her face to Connie's. Her expression was half-crazed 
and totally passionate. A tiny, evil smile played across her lips and 
she suddenly ducked her head forward and kissed Connie hungrily. Connie 
opened her mouth willingly to that amazing tongue. She relaxed her 
guiding grip on Emily's arm and when she broke the kiss, saw that Emily 
was happily, greedily pumping Kim's insatiable cunt with her fist and 
half of her forearm.
     Connie climbed off Kim's face and the young blonde immediately let 
out a scream of sheer pleasure. Her hips crashed down to the bed and 
bucked wildly. Connie saw her abdomen ripple and bulge in time with 
Emily's fisting. Her own cunt was yawning for food. She crawled over to 
the big double dildo and impaled herself on it, holding it with one hand 
while the other hand moved frantically over her clitoris. She shook with 
pleasure, wallowing in the decadence of what they were doing.
     She crawled around behind Emily while Kim let loose another wild 
scream. The free end of the double dong dangled to the bed. It hung from 
Connie's cunt like an obscene imitation of hermaphroditic mutation. She 
knelt behind Emily, raised the other end of the dildo and nestled it 
against the gooey, gushing lips of Emily's upthrust cunt.
     "I'm gonna FUCK you!" Connie barked and pushed the big dildo 
forward. Emily emitted a sharp yelp of surprise and then pushed back 
with her hips, bracing herself by forcing her fist to the limit in Kim's 
spasming cunt. The huge rubber knob stretched Emily's small  cunt
precariously and then slipped inside.
     "Oh! You are splitting me in half!" Emily cried and pushed back for 
more. Kim screamed her pleasure again and started grunting and sobbing 
as she came and came again. Connie pushed the dildo forward, feeling the 
back pressure from Emily's tight twat. She got about five inches into 
the Japanese woman, then pulled back -- and rammed forward till all but 
an inch or so remained outside. Emily fell forward and rammed her hand 
inside Kim, her face resting on Kim's shuddering abdomen.
     Connie began fucking in and out of the constricted Japanese cunt, 
savoring the hunching and stretching of the dildo inside herself while 
her fingers plucked at her swollen clitoris. She was cumming, too, 
nonstop, orgasm after orgasm cascading inside her and building strength. 
The sight of Emily's long tongue on Kim's clitoris and Emily's arm buried 
halfway into Kim's lovely cunt, the sight and sound of Kimberly's 
powerful, unceasing orgasms and her cunt liquidly gripping Emily's 
forearm combined with the physical sensations and the smell of overheated 
cunt and sent Connie higher and higher. She couldn't hold herself 
upright any longer as the pleasures tore through her. She  leaned
forward, draping herself over Emily's bowed back as their hips worked 
rapidly over the long, fat double dong. All three were cumming now, all 
three were lost in pleasure.
     When Emily shrieked, "I feel so depraved!" it was the final nudge 
for Connie. Yes, depraved -- that was exactly what they were. Depraved, 
sex-craving sluts and they loved it. The pleasure got to be too much, 
the orgasms too intense. She couldn't seem to draw a breath and her 
awareness was spiraling off and away into a dark, red pit of pleasure...
     She passed out just as Emily pulled her hand, fist still curled, 
out of Kimberly's clenching cunt and barely saw her sobbing, strawberry 
blonde student rubbing Emily's cunt-juiced hand over her fantastic 
nipples and on her face.
* * *
     It was almost two o'clock in the morning before any of them stirred 
enough to be called "awake." Connie was cuddled to Kim's left side, 
Emily to the right. Emily was lightly cupping Kim's wet cunt; Connie was 
gently licking the silky side swell of Kim's left breast.
     "I can't believe we came so much!" Kim breathed softly. "I can't 
believe she had her whole damn fist inside me and that it felt so good!"
     "The way you came so hard," Emily said softly. Whom she addressed 
was unclear and unimportant. "It was making me cum just seeing it, being 
part of it." She raised her head and met Connie's gaze. "I didn't know 
an orgasm could be strong enough to make a woman pass out!" She lowered 
her face to rest on Kim's right tit. "I was thinking, when I had my hand 
in Kimberly and you had that huge dildo in me..."
     "What?" Connie prompted.
     Emily managed to look embarrassed. "I was thinking that I wished we 
could have photographs of it, to see and remind me..." She smiled shyly 
and her long tongue came out to lick Kimberly's dome-like nipple.
     Connie giggled. "Gee, if you'd said something before, I could have 
set up the camcorder on the dresser. It works pretty good in low light."
     It was Kimberly who said, "Let's do it!"
     Emily shook her head. "No, no, I can't take that huge dildo again. 
It felt wonderfully pleasurable, but it was painful, too. Maybe another 
time."
     "My pussy can't take that fist again right now, either," Kimberly 
said, rolling toward Connie. "Where's that camcorder?"
     "In the living room, next to the VCR."
     "Tape?"
     "We always keep a blank in it. But -- "
     Kim was already out of the bed and padding from the room, tits and 
buttocks jiggling just enough to be enticing. She returned a few moments 
later. "Oh, yeah, I know this model." She pushed some switches and it 
began a soft whirring. She set it on the dresser, aimed at the bed, and 
mugged momentarily for the lens, pinching her hardened nipples and 
tugging at her tits.
     "I don't understand -- " Connie began.
     "I do," Emily said, smiling her depraved smile. She coaxed Connie 
to roll over, then pulled her up on all fours and slid beneath her from 
behind. Connie stiffened as she felt Emily's tongue hit her clitoris, 
then groaned with pleasure at the teasing, tantalizing touch of the 
tongue tip on her again-swollen clitoris. She saw Kimberly stuffing the 
end of the double-dildo into herself just as Emily slipped three fingers 
into her cunt.
     "Ohhh, noooo...." Connie groaned as the fourth finger went in and 
she felt Kimberly behind her, straddling Emily's chest. "Fuck me," 
Connie gasped as Emily began working her thumb into her cunt and Kim 
started rubbing the free end of the big dildo against her asshole. 
     "And if we can't both fuck you are once," Kimberly said behind her, 
"that's okay. We'll take turns -- her little fist in your cunt and then 
this big fucker in your ass."
     Connie made a mewling noise as she felt Emily's hand widening her 
pussy entrance, working its way inexorably into her -- and suddenly, she 
wanted this, wanted it on tape, wanted it all...desperately. She leaned 
back and in with her hips, forcing her cunt onto Emily's hand.
     "But you *are* going to get reamed, you slut!" Kimberly vowed.
     "Fuckmefuckfuckme..." Connie wailed and they began giving her 
exactly what she was asking for.


                                                                   [more]





Originally uploaded 7/11/91 to N1xPix Windy City 708 564 1754, the only 
place where the rest of it will be uploaded by the author. Re-upload 
elsewhere freely, as long as you got it from a NixPixNet BBS and you 
don't change it. Fair enough? Thanks!

NixPix Central (the original Nick)   303 920 1263
NixPix East    (in the Northeast)    207 693 3431
NixPix Windy City (the Midwest)      708 564 1754
NixPix Sweden                        011 46 40 110590
NixPix Austria                       011 43 77 198871



============================================================================
     For 99 percent of those who can read, this is a needless reminder, 
so I address this to the one percent.
     If you enjoyed this story and/or appreciate the time and effort 
that went into writing it, there's a simple way for you to quietly show 
that appreciation -- by acting as a responsible BBSer. That means:
     Don't let any minors read this;
     Don't send it to any BBS that wouldn't welcome it. (You may not 
agree with the SysOp's restriction on x-rated files or stories but 
that's the SysOp's perogative and as a guest/subscriber/user of his 
or her BBS, you are honor-bound to respect that restriction);
     Don't change or modify the file name or the text itself; that's a 
cheat and we both know it.

On a personal note, I ask you not to remove either this afterward or my 
handle.

Thanks, in advance.
                                                                 -- F.D.
