Archive-name: 3plus/tryout10.txt
Archive-author: Friar Dave
Archive-title: Tryout - 10


PART TEN

     The night thermostat had long since kicked in and the living room 
was cool, despite the crackling flames in the fireplace. Kimberly 
snuggled under the light comforter with Jerry, who had his left arm 
draped lightly over her shoulder. Her eyes were closed and her head 
lolled on his shoulder. Emily was pressed against Kim's other side, her 
face snuggled into Kim's shoulder and her lips against the side of her 
neck. Her hand was a constantly moving phantom under the comforter, 
gliding over Kim's ripe tits and lower, to the downy fuzz between her 
thighs. Kim was stroking Emily's shoulders with one hand; the other 
rested protectively on Jerry's limp cock.
     The kitchen light clicked off. Connie lingered in the doorway for a 
moment, holding the tray with the three goblets, the chilled wine bottle 
and a mug of steaming tea. She was wearing her oversized bathrobe 
against the coolness in the air. She saw Kim's eyes open and her
husband's face turned to her. She smiled, savoring the sight of her 
three favorite people, all clumped together in her living room. 
     Connie's nipples were pebble-hard under the robe, and the
temperature of the air had nothing to do with it. She flashed on the 
memory of the first seduction with Kim, of the wild evening after their 
shopping spree, of the half-crazed orgy with Emily, of seeing Kimberly 
writhing and gasping as Jerry's big dick probed her, of watching Emily 
gorge herself on his fat cock...
     ...and she thought about what she planned next and shivered.
     "Cold, honey?" Jerry asked. "Get over here and cuddle up."
     "I'm not cold," she said softly. "But you can be sure I plan on 
collecting some cuddles!"
     He smiled and reached out with one long, well-muscled arm, the 
movement bringing the thick veins into relief against his smooth skin as 
he beckoned to her. He was sitting naked, cuddled with two of the 
sexiest women she had ever imagined, and he was waving for her to come 
close to him and be with him.
     "Oh, look," Emily stage-whispered. "Rampant heterosexuality rears 
its head."
     "That's all it's going to rear for the rest of this night," Jerry 
answered quickly, grinning. "You have turned my reservoirs into
deserts."
     Connie set the tray down, poured the wine and handed out the three 
vessels. When Jerry reached to take the mug in both hands, the comforter 
fell away from his chest. Connie set her wine goblet down long enough to 
indulge an impulse: She bent and very lightly nipped with her teeth at 
her husband's left nipple, so hard and protruding in the cool air of the 
room. She felt his relaxed groan of pleasure at her touch and again, at 
her tongue's play with the erectile tissue.
     Connie insinuated herself under Jerry's right arm, wedging her 
shoulder under his armpit and turning her face to his chest just long 
enough to lick his firm breast. She slid her left hand down until she 
found Kim's forearm, then followed it to Kim's hand and the cock of the 
man she'd married.
     She squeezed Kim's fingers slightly over the flaccid mass of dick-
flesh. Kim turned her head and met Connie's gaze. Kimberly's eyes were 
half-closed with remembered and anticipated pleasure. Connie smiled 
slightly and gave just the hint of a nod. Kim nodded back and began 
kissing her way down over Jerry's chest to his stomach and abdomen, then 
shifted and moved in on his thighs and, finally, his cock and balls. 
Connie pulled the comforter into place so that Kim was still covered. 
The lush blonde had become a warm, licking, indistinct form moving under 
the big comforter, with her head in Jerry's lap and Connie's small hand 
caressing her head and face.
     Jerry hissed with pleasure as Kim pulled his glans, soft but still 
large, into her mouth and sucked languidly on it.
     "Know what I want?" Connie asked her husband.
     Jerry carefully reached over and put the mug on the end table. He 
looked at his wife and shook his head. "What?"
     "I want to get down on my hands and knees in front of the fire and 
stick my face between Emily's legs and lick her while Kim sits on her 
face and she licks Kim and sticks a dildo or her fingers -- maybe her 
whole hand -- "
     Kim's moan was audible through the comforter, even though her mouth 
was slowly being filled.
     " -- into Kim's wet cunt."
     "What a-about you?" Jerry stammered.
     "I want you to be fucking me hard, with that big cock...in my ass!"
     The muscles of Jerry's face had been slack from the pleasures Kim 
was lavishing on his penis under the comforter. Now his expression 
tightened and saddened. "Oh, babe, you know I'd like to and you know 
that it won't work. I won't even try to do something that hurts you like 
that did."
     "I can take it -- and I want it!" she insisted.
     "Even if I was willing to give it another try, 'bunch, I'm not up 
to it. Aside from remembering the last time, there's the simple fact 
that you three have already drained me four times tonight. Nothing's 
gonna raise the flag for me again."
     She smiled craftily. "I can prove to you that I can take it -- and 
you *are* going to be hard as a rock again."
     He smiled. "No way."
     "Bet?" She held her pinky out.
     "Stakes?"
     "If I prove it and you get hard, you have to give me what I want."
     "And if you fail?"
     "We'll be your sluts for a night. We'll do anything you want for 
you, with you, to you, to each other -- and we'll tape it all."
     He hooked his pinky with hers. "Deal." His smile was broad and 
confident. Hers matched it in a moment. 
     She nodded to Emily. Still clad only in stockings and garters, the 
lovely Japanese woman unfolded from the couch and came to Connie's side. 
Jerry watched. His wife stood. Emily opened Connie's robe and dropped to 
her knees -- slowly, her long tongue and soft lips working all the way 
down. Emily cupped Connie's butt in her hands and pulled her forward. 
Connie opened her legs and hunched her pussy down and forward.
     Jerry's eyes widened as he watched Emily's long tongue extend 
completely until just the tip was tracing his wife's pussy lips. 
     Connie gasped softly, then moaned as Emily trilled the tip of her 
tongue over her swollen clitoris. Her voice quavering, she began to set 
the scene for her husband.
     "So, after -- after we ate dinner, we were all in the bed. And 
Emily -- Oh! Ooooh! -- Emily pushed her whole hand into Kimberly and was 
l-l-licking h-h-her and Kim couldn't stop cumming -- "
     She could hear Kim moan again, saw the lump of her head moving 
again under the comforter.
     " -- And I got this great b-b-big double dong -- about two feet 
long and really thick -- and -- a-a-and... Yes! Oooohh! -- and I stuffed 
half of -- half of it into my cunt and squeezed the other half into 
Emily while she fist-fucked Kimberly and we all came so much that -- 
YES! YES!" She grabbed Emily's head and forced her face closer as the 
orgasm rocked her. 
     Connie moaned and panted and finally relaxed enough from her orgasm 
to continue her aural sex: "And then Emily and I started in a 69 and she 
put her whole hand into my cunt and then Kimberly used the double dildo, 
with half in her cunt and the other half up my ass. I couldn't believe 
how deep it felt -- in my belly, it seemed like."
     She looked down as Emily glanced up. They nodded to each other.
     "You took a hand in your pussy and a big dildo in your cunt at the 
same time?"
     She shook her head. Emily stood and flashed, all but naked, up the 
stairs. "First one, then the other -- about a zillion times."
     Kim's head came up and she pulled the comforter back. She smiled 
proudly at Connie. "This thing is as hard as steel and I think it's got 
to be more than nine inches."
     Connie put one small hand on her husband's cock and stroked the 
length of it lightly. "Does seem bigger than usual." She could hear 
Emily coming down the stairs. She too her hand off his cock and gazed 
into her husband's eyes. "Feel Kim's nipples. Aren't they amazing?"
     She smiled as Jerry reached down to cup Kim's left breast, then 
measured her nipple with thumb and forefinger a good two inches apart.
     "Pinch it a little, please?" Kim whispered. Her eyes closed slowly 
as he tweaked her sensitive, oversized nipple and then she dropped her 
mouth over his hard, upstanding cock and sucked furiously.
     "I don't expect you to take my word for it with the high stakes 
like we're betting," Connie said. "So I have some proof."
     Emily knelt beside her, opening the gym bag and taking out the 
towel-wrapped toys. 
     "Get the big one slippery and slide it into Kim, honey."
     Emily had already begun spreading the lubricant on the huge dildo.
     "And I have even more proof." She stepped to one side and picked up 
the remote control from the end table. She turned and clicked it twice. 
The television came on, then the VCR. The screen was blank. She pressed 
the third switch. The tape began to roll.
     The perspective never shifted and the low level of lighting was 
barely adequate -- but the scene was clear enough.
     Kimberly mugging momentarily for the lens, pinching her hardened 
nipples and tugging at her tits.
     "I don't understand -- " Connie heard her own voice say from the 
television, and she heard Emily reply quietly: "I do" and saw the 
depraved smile. On the screen, Emily pulled Connie up on all fours and 
slid beneath her from behind and TV Connie stiffened as Emily's tongue 
hit her clitoris, then groaned at the touch of the tongue tip on her 
swollen clitoris. 
     To one side in the scene, Kimberly was stuffing the end of the big 
double-dildo into herself.
     Emily had three fingers in Connie's cunt on the television and the 
electronic Connie was groaning, "Ohhh, noooo..." as the fourth finger 
went in.
     Then Connie's ass was hidden from the camera as Kimberly straddled 
Emily's chest. 
     "Fuck me." Connie's gasp was loud from the speaker. Emily began 
working her thumb into her cunt and Kim started rubbing the free end of 
the big dildo against her asshole. 
     "And if we can't both fuck you at once, that's okay." Connie 
glanced down, struck by the oddity of hearing Kim's voice so clearly 
while Kim's real-time mouth was stuffed with Jerry's hugely stiffened 
dick. "We'll take turns," said the spectral voice. "Her little fist in 
your cunt and then this big fucker in your ass."
     Connie's mewing accompanied the widening of her pussy entrance as 
Emily's hand worked its way inexorably inside. Kimberly's ripe ass moved 
higher on the screen, revealing Connie pushing back and down, forcing 
her cunt onto Emily's hand while above her, the huge dildo hung halfway 
from Kim's cunt like some insane transsexual fantasy come true.
     "But you *are* going to get reamed, you slut!" Kimberly was saying.
     "Fuckmefuckfuckme..." 
     Connie's words were quite distinct from the speaker. So were the 
screams of unrestrained pleasure that followed as Emily's entire hand 
pumped inside her cunt.
     Then Kim was crouching lower, pressing the thick tip of the wide 
double dildo against Connie's asshole. It was obvious that this wasn't 
going to work.
     "My turn, Emily!" Kim called.
     Connie glanced at her husband. His eyes were wide and glazed as he 
stared at the screen. She looked at the end of the sectional. Emily was 
working the very same big dildo into Kimberly's juicy cunt from behind 
that was imperiling Connie's little ass on the screen. 
     On the screen, Connie was hunching and shaking as Emily's small 
hand slid out of Connie's cunt. Kim was pushing the dildo forcefully 
now, wedging open Connie's little asshole. On-screen Connie was rotating 
her ass and pushing up, trying to force herself open. 
     "It's going to split you open," Kim was saying.
     "Yes! Split me in half with that fucker!"
     "It's going to hurt..."
     "Yes! Yes! Make it hurt! Make it real! Make me feel it in my 
fucking bowels! EEEEEEEE -- "
     The scream trailed off into yelps as first the head, then the shaft 
of the huge double dildo slid deeper and deeper into her. 
     "Yes! YES! It's in my fucking stomach! More! MORE -- AHHH!"
     Kim rammed the rest of it into her and began rocking over Connie's 
small ass. Connie's rectum was distended by the fat, pale shaft. Beneath 
her ass was Emily's tongue, stroking her pussy and teasing her clit.
     "Damn it, fuck me!"
     Kimberly began pumping her hips, pounding in and out of Connie's 
asshole.
     "YES! AHHHHHHH! Oh, yeah, yeah, fuck my ass, fuck it, fuck me, fuck 
me, fuckmefuckfuckme..."
     Real-time Connie tore her gaze from the screen and turned. Emily 
was rubbing and pinching her clitoris as she knelt behind Kim, pumping 
the dildo in and out of the richly curved blonde. Kimberly was moving 
her head slowly up and down over about a third of Jerry's hard,
glistening cock. Jerry was staring fixedly at the screen. Connie
motioned to Emily, whose lovely eyes focused. Emily nodded and climbed 
off the sectional.
     "Have I won the bet, lover?" Connie asked her husband. His head 
jerked as he looked at his wife, naked and horny before him. "The bet?"
     He looked down at Kim's blonde head moving over his cock, looked at 
the television where his petite wife was taking a mammoth dildo up the 
ass and cumming without pause. Then he turned his face to her and 
grinned. "I think you could say so."
     "Pay up."
     Emily bent to take a tube of lubricant from the bag on the floor, 
then took Connie by the hand and led her to the rug in front of the 
crackling fire. As Emily reclined and spread her lovely legs, Connie 
dropped to her knees and smiled back at her husband. "Turn off the 
television -- I want the real thing!"
     Jerry reached for the remote as Kim pulled her lips off his cock 
and rolled to her side against the back of the sectional. The dildo was 
still in her cunt. She reached down with both hands and pumped it 
savagely a few times, then stiffened and groaned, her abdomen
contracting as she came.
     Emily let the tube of lubricant roll on the rug as Connie bent 
beneath her legs and pulled her stockinged thighs onto her shoulders.
     Connie heard Emily's sigh of pleasure as she kissed the pale, firm 
flesh between the garters and her cunt. She felt Jerry kneeling behind 
her, then felt his lips on the nape of her neck and shivered, watching 
his hand reach beside her to get the tube of lubricant. She felt a small 
buzzing begin around her asshole and in her belly as she anticipated 
what was coming next. She heard the slurping of her husband's hand 
spreading the jelly on his stiff dick, then felt the cool wetness of his 
finger massaging globs, then more, and then still more, of the slippery 
stuff into her rectum. She hummed in encouragement and pleasure,
wiggling her butt enticingly as she began licking the bisexual Japanese 
cunt dripping in front of her face.
     Emily began undulating her hips, her hands going to the sides of 
Connie's face and holding her mouth in place as she moaned in pleasure. 
Connie felt the warmth and weight and firmness of Kimberly's tits, the 
shocking stiffness of her hard nipples, against her back.
     "I'll aim that thing," Kim said throatily. Connie felt Kim's 
forearm against her uptilted ass, then her husband shifting.
     And then his wonderful, huge, hard prick was pushing against her 
asshole. She groaned in pleasure and twisted her ass, pushing back and 
trying to impale herself on it.
     Emily was cumming against her mouth, long waves of orgasm that were 
slowly intensifying, as Jerry began pushing his prick into Connie's 
little asshole. Connie willed her sphincters to relax. They kept
stretching and stretching as his glans pushed into her. It felt like he 
was trying to fit a baseball bat into her asshole, felt like his cock 
was twice as big as normal. She moaned into Emily's cunt. It was
starting to strain her, to hurt.
     "C'mon, Jerry, she wants this -- craves it! You saw the tape! Do it 
-- or get out of the way and I'll fuck her ass again. She loves it!"
     "I'm not so sure -- "
     "Split her open! She fucking wants it!"
     Emily was cumming harder, muffling Connie with her spasming cunt, 
her thighs locked around Connie's head.
     "Do it, dammit!" Kim barked.
     "But -- "
     Connie felt Kim move away, then heard Jerry: "What are -- "
     "In her -- now!"
     There was a lurch and her husband's huge prick was pile-driving 
insistently into her ass, her sphincters stretching impossibly till she 
wondered if they'd split and then -- 
     "MMMMNNNNGH!" Connie growled into Emily's streaming pussy as the 
glans snugged inside her ass and her sphincters gripped his shaft.
     "No, stop pushing," Jerry groaned, as he felt his wife's asshole 
clamping down on his dick. 
     "That's the worst," Emily said. "Now give her the rest of it!"
     Emily spoke with shocking clarity, despite her orgasm: "This is 
what she has dreamed of -- so fuck her ass with that big cock!"
     Despite the strain, Connie pushed back as much as she could. 
Jerry's hands tightened on her hips while he grunted behind her and 
then, finally, he was pushing his huge prick into her.
     Connie couldn't believe the sensation. It was definitely bigger 
than the big dildo and it was like being impaled by a column of flesh-
hot steel. Deeper and deeper he went, stretching her rectum, reaming her 
asshole, his glans plowing farther into her than she'd thought possible. 
His dick seemed endless and her overwhelmed sphincters simply fluttered 
and spasmed helplessly as inch after inch of thick flesh wormed into her 
tight backdoor.
     Emily was cumming harder and harder on Connie's face, the orgasms 
becoming distinct again. Connie locked her lips around the Japanese 
woman's engorged clitoris and sucked, the tip of her tongue barely 
touching the sensitive pink nodule. She felt Emily tense impossibly -- 
and then Emily was having one of her wonderfully wet releases. Her cunt 
spasmed and expelled splash after splash of juices as she came, softly 
howling in pleasure.
      Jerry's flat abdomen slowly pressed against Connie's outthrust 
little ass and then she felt his pubic hair graze the furrow of her 
buttocks. As his balls swung forward to press her cunt, Connie emitted a 
deep, guttural moan that vibrated through her entire body. She wondered 
if Jerry's glans was really throbbing just beneath her stomach, or if 
that was merely her imagination...or her now-distorted sense of reality. 
That big cock in her was warping her senses. Her entire being seemed to 
revolve around it, as if she were skewered.
     Emily's hands and legs fell away from Connie's head as she lapsed 
into semi-consciousness from her orgasm. Connie raised her head and 
tried to speak. Her voice wouldn't work.
     "Are you okay, baby?"
     "Oh, yeah, yeah...so deep...can't tell where you end and I start... 
soooo goooood..." she babbled softly. She didn't have the strength to 
hold her head up any longer. She lowered her face to Emily's soaked 
snatch just as Kim crawled forward over the nearly comatose Japanese 
woman. The dildo was still hanging from Emily's cunt. It came to rest 
wetly on Emily's slack face and thick hair when Kim pushed her clitoris 
down to Emily's lips. Connie saw Emily's nostrils flare at Kim's aroma 
and then that amazing tongue was snaking its way upward to find and 
massage Kimberly's bright red clitoris.
     Jerry began move inside Connie.
     "Oh, shit!" Connie yelped. "Fuck! OH FUCK!"
     It was better than she'd dreamed. Jerry was only moving an inch or 
so at first, but the movement was transmitted to almost ten inches of 
tightly packed asshole. 
     The movement lengthened inside her and she felt the tension in her 
belly and between her hips. She felt like a ball of warmth and energy 
was growing there, spreading, swelling with each stroke of her husband's 
huge prick in her little ass. 
     Connie began to moan, louder and louder, in time with his fucking. 
Now he was pulling almost half his cock out and pushing it back in. Her 
sphincters felt as if they were being turned inside out, gripping and 
coating his shaft as he withdrew, then imploding when he drove in. She 
tried to lick Emily, but she could barely muster the strength to move 
her tongue in the savory sauces of her cunt.
     His grip was tighter on her narrow hips, as if he were trying to 
compress her around his cock. She had no strength in her arms and legs 
as he lengthened his strokes. He was pumping her ass up and down on his 
piledriving cock, using her hot, tight rectum to massage his hugely 
swollen dick.
     She loved it. 
     Connie moaned louder and louder, then began wailing. The sound 
ululated with his strokes, growing louder as that tense ball inside her 
belly swelled. She felt the buzz of the pleasure spreading through her 
body, overwhelming her senses. It was almost scary, as if something 
primal and uncontrollable were taking control of her senses. The glowing 
buzz had filled her body, now, and was in every cell and still growing, 
still swelling till she felt as if she were going to explode.
     She opened her eyes to see Kim's nipples looking as close to 
bursting as Connie felt, to see Emily's abdomen rippling at the touch of 
Connie's tongue on her cunt when Jerry pounded her forward.
     "Alllll offf ITTTT..." Connie howled and Jerry pumped longer, 
pulling back till his glans was on the verge of escape, then ramming 
forward till his balls slapped her cunt and clitoris, spreading the 
buzz, feeding the buzz...
     Then it exploded. The buzz burst and Connie felt herself cumming as 
she'd never cum in her sexually very active life. It seemed like her 
entire body had become one orgasmic clitoris, as if every part of her 
were cumming -- her ass, her cunt, her clit, her tits, her mouth, her 
fingers, her hair. 
     "Oh - cum - in - me - while - I'm - cum - ming," she managed to 
breathe, forming each sound carefully as she came and clenched.
     Behind her, Jerry growled and held her hips still tighter. He 
pumped faster, harder, almost brutally. 
     She kept cumming.
     His prick swelled inside her ass hole, stretching it still more. 
His strokes shortened and speeded. He slammed into her, pushing his hips 
at her.
     She kept cumming.
     He rammed his thick cock all the way in and held it inside her. She 
could feel his balls lurching against her clitoris. He was arching, 
still pushing at her ass. 
     She kept cumming.
     His hands pulled her limp hips upward, his cock jerking inside her. 
She was impaled, held up by his hands on her hips and his cock still 
swelling in her cunt.
     She kept cumming.
     His prick convulsed and then she screamed in pleasure as she felt 
his semen pour deep, deep into her bowels, hot and thick. She could feel 
each spurt shoot from his glans and slam into her innards and it was 
like throwing gasoline on a fire. She was incendiary in her orgasm, 
burning brighter and higher and cumming so intensely she was forgetting 
to breathe...
     She kept cumming and cumming, her husband's ejaculations slowing in 
her ass, his dick finally beginning to shrink and even that added to it. 
She couldn't stop the cumming, even as she felt everything slip away and 
join the enveloping haze of her orgasm.
     She kept cumming.

                 *               *             *

     Sun glow filtered through the drapes. Connie woke softly, savoring 
the ache, feeling that orgasmic buzz lingering. She was sandwiched 
between Kimberly and her husband, Kim's lush breasts warming her back, 
Jerry's strong chest protecting her face. Kim had fallen asleep with the 
dildo still in her cunt; Connie could feel it against the back of her 
thigh.
     She looked up. Emily was sitting against the headboard, wearing one 
of Jerry's pajama tops. Emily smiled softly. It was the first time 
Connie had ever seen her completely without makeup. The black hair was a 
disheveled mess. She looked about nineteen and almost innocent.
Certainly sweet.
     Emily rolled to all fours and bent forward to kiss Connie's temple. 
Jerry and Kim stirred, rolling to their backs and away from Connie, but 
still touching her. Emily leaned to Kim and kissed each nipple, then 
Kim's lips, lightly. She shifted to Jerry and kissed his lips softly.
     Connie rolled onto her husband, wincing at the pains in her ass and 
hips and shoulders. Jerry's arms enveloped her. "Good morning, husband."
     "Good morning, wife. I love you."
     "I love you, Gerald."
     He kissed her eyes. "Was your anniversary fantasy everything you 
wanted?"
     "Better. I never knew I could cum like that. I thought my toes were 
cumming." She giggled slightly. "And how did you like your 'fate worse 
than death'?"
     "Amazing." He chuckled. "I never imagined I'd like it so much, 
seeing you cum with someone else. But I did -- and even more when you 
were cumming with me and with someone else at the same time." He sighed 
and ran his hands lightly over her back. "What's next?"
     "I'll want us to do this again, probably." She wasn't sure how he'd 
react to that.
     He hesitated for a moment, then: "I'd like that...but not right 
away, okay?"
     She nodded against his chest. "I found out something I needed to 
know, but didn't know I needed to know."
     "Meaning?"
     "I've been with other women since we met."
     "I know."
     "And I always came back to you -- I chose you. Understand?"
     He held her tighter. "And now you know that even with two sexy 
women there, craving me and me craving them, that I choose you." He 
sighed. "I think maybe I was unsure of my self-control in that spot -- 
maybe that's why I resisted doing this with you for so long: I was 
afraid you might feel...slighted? Maybe."
     "So now we both know. We're both so sure of each other..."
     Emily leaned her face down next to them. "I now pronounce you 
desperately in love with each other and sure of it."
     "Exactly." Both said it at once, then smiled.
     Kim cleared her throat. 
     "Yes?" Jerry coaxed.
     "Can anyone here be persuaded to make some coffee?"
     "I hate to move," Connie confessed.
     "Me, too," Jerry said. They looked hopefully at Emily. 
     She shook her head. "My life insurance policy forbids me from 
entering a kitchen. I am considered a threat to human life."
     Kim sighed. "Okay, okay. I'll get the coffee started." She climbed 
off the bed, grabbed Jerry's robe and headed for the bedroom door.
     "Kim?" Connie called.
     She turned. "What?"
     "Aren't you going to take that thing out of you?"
     Kim grinned. "Un-un. Y'see, after I get the coffee started, I'm 
going to come back up here. I have an idea."
     "Uh-oh..." Jerry uttered.
     "Yeah -- y'see, I want Jerry to give me what you got, while I fuck 
Emily with this." She reached down and grabbed the obscenely hanging 
dildo. 
     "And where am I going to be?" Connie asked.
     "Oh, you're in charge of hiding Emily's hand while she licks you. 
By the time we're done with that, I'll have more ideas. I want to see 
how many possibilities there are."
     "We have created a monster," Emily stated, smiling.
     "Good grief," Jerry said. "Think of it -- three women, each with 
three orifices, a tongue and hands. That's fifteen factors. The
combinations run two to the fifteenth power -- that's over thirty-two 
thousand possibilities!"
     "Oh, yeah?" Kim answered, wonder in her face. "Then I better hurry 
with that coffee!" She hurried through the doorway.
     "Is she serious?" Jerry asked Connie.
     "I hope so," Emily interrupted. They looked at her as she knelt and 
unbuttoned the pajama top, revealing her stiff-nippled tits. She leaned 
over them, feeding one breast to Jerry. Connie felt his cock hardening 
beneath her, felt her own juices starting to flow again.
     "I hope so," Emily purred again and began stroking Connie's back. 
"I want to give every one of them a good tryout!"

                              -- The End --

--
