Archive-name: 3plus/tryout01.txt
Archive-author: Friar Dave
Archive-title: Tryout -  1


PART ONE

     Connie brought it up first.
     "What's this?" Jerry asked, as he closed the door to the steam-
filled bathroom and stepped into the bedroom. "Starting without me?"
     She looked up from the magazine and slowly brought her large, hazel 
eyes into focus on him. The color was already high in her smooth cheeks, 
and the flush had spread down her neck to her upper chest. Her small 
mouth was open, her lips parted. Her nipples poked up against the thin 
sheet.
     She seemed to be realizing for the first time that she had one hand 
beneath the sheet, moving between her legs.
     "Get over here, stud. My motor's running and I need some gas!"
     Jerry stood there and grinned at her as he finished drying his hair.
     "'My motor's running and I need some gas'?" he said. "Are you 
reading Motor Trend or Penthouse?"
     She leered pointedly at his crotch, where his dick was already 
half-hard. "Gimme that big gas hose!" 
     "Fillerup?"
     She groaned. "I give up!"
     He turned briefly and tossed the towel with the expertise of 
practice. It hung on the knob of the bathroom door. "Will I get a good 
tip?"
     "Two of 'em." She pulled the sheet of her chest, exposing her pert, 
firm breasts. "But I want a tip, too!"
     He stood beside the bed, his prick still hardening and already 
impressive.
     "Just the tip?"
     Connie rolled lithely to her hand and knees, the sheet falling 
completely away from her tight body. She leaned forward and wrapped her 
lips around the tip of his prick and immediately began sucking and 
licking it. Sometimes it seemed like she could never get enough of her 
husband's big cock -- and sometimes it seemed there was too much of it 
for her to handle. 
     Jerry sighed deeply and caressed his wife's dark hair as she drew 
more and more hardness into his dick. He looked down at her sleek back, 
her tiny waist, her hard little ass cheeks drawn so tightly by her 
position. She was moving her hips slowly from side to side, something 
that nine years of marriage had taught him to spot as a signal that she 
was exceptionally horny.
     What the hell had she been reading?
     He bent from the waist and picked up the magazine. Penthouse -- the 
letters.
     Her mouth pulled off his cock. "Hey, you want to read or play, bub?"
     He knelt on the bed and rolled her onto her back as he dropped the 
magazine. He crawled over her and held his weight off her tiny frame 
with his arms and pressed his lips to hers. She grabbed him around 
the neck with her arms and around the waist with her legs and pulled him 
down to her. His cock was trapped against her flat tummy as their lips 
opened and their tongues dueled.
     After a few minutes, he pulled away and began kissing his way down 
over her neck and shoulders. He licked her hard nipples and then lightly 
nipped one. She squirmed against him.
     Abruptly, he reached back and grabbed the magazine. He handed it to 
her. 
     "I want you to read me the one that got you so turned on."
     "And what are you going to be doing?"
     He began sucking one nipple while he ran one hand down to caress 
her side and her hips.
     "I'll think of something..."
     "Oh!" she gasped when he resumed suckling at her small, hard 
breasts.
     He stopped and looked up at her, brown eyes wide and graying hair 
tousled. "Well?"
     She began to read aloud as he kissed her belly and moved still 
lower. Her breathing became ragged and her words occasionally garbled. 
By the time she finished reading the letter, he had her thighs over his 
broad shoulders, her little ass cupped in his hands and his face pressed 
hungrily into her crotch.
     His tongue was all over her dripping cunt, but he wasn't touching 
her clitoris -- yet. Connie squirmed and hunched her hips, trying to get 
that final contact, but he was gripping her buttocks tightly in his 
strong hands and restricting her movements. She brought her hands up to 
her breasts and pinched her nipples, her moans getting louder and louder.
     He could tell she was getting close to the Big  One  by  the
twitching of her ass cheeks and the amount of juices running out of 
her. He shifted his fingers just enough so one was just pressing against 
her constricted anus and she immediately began grinding against it.
     Then he took her swollen clit in a lip-grip and let the tip of his 
tongue just barely graze it.
     "YESSSSS! AHHHHhhhh! Oh! Oh!" 
     Connie was a screamer.
     She locked her thighs on his head and tried to somehow grind her 
cunt into his mouth while jabbing her trim butt down at the stiffened 
fingertip. She could feel her pussy spasming as she came and felt her 
asshole convulsing against the fingertip that was just beginning to 
penetrate.
     The first, clenching explosion finally passed and her body went all 
sinuous and demanding. He continued lightly lapping her sensitized clit 
and worked more of the finger into her. She rolled her hips and groaned 
and came again, and then again, and again -- and then she simply couldn't 
wait any more.
     Connie reached down with both hands and took his head in her hands. 
She pulled him up till she could look at his face, all happily coated 
with her abundant juices. 
     "I want you inside me! Please!"
     He bent his head again to her cunt, slowly licking the juices of 
her labia and inner thighs as he withdrew the finger from her ass. When 
he surfaced again, he was grinning madly. 
     "Get up here," she cooed and pulled her legs back. He reached up 
with both hands and pushed her legs ahead of him as he crawled over her. 
She looked down and saw that his cock was monstrously erect. At nine 
inches, and with a girth almost equal to her wrist, it was the biggest 
she'd ever had -- too big sometimes. Connie was small all over and even 
after nine years, she still felt a brief shudder of apprehension.
     But after nine years, she knew her loving husband would be careful 
-- and she was desperate to feel him inside her.
     He ran his hands down her upthrust legs to grasp her wrists. She 
knew immediately what he had in mind -- exactly what  she'd  been
hoping.She grabbed her ankles and held her legs wide as Jerry knelt up 
and took his cock in his fingers. He shuffled forward a bit more, till 
his balls were brushing her cunt, and then let his cock smack down on her 
abdomen. She felt it throbbing there on her hot flesh, the purplish knob 
just barely short of her naval. He rubbed his balls lightly over her wet 
cunt, shifting from side to side so they would brush against her clit. 
     "Don't make me wait too long," Connie groaned miserably. "I need 
you inside me!"
     He backed up until he could push the tip of his stiff prong between 
her legs, then wedged it against her slippery pussy lips. 
     "You're so hard and hot!" she breathed, as if discovering this. She 
looked down between them, past his well-muscled chest and flat stomach 
to where the huge bar of flesh reached down to her upturned cunt. It 
looked as if they mutually shared his penis, a fleshy bond between dark 
curls of pubic hair. 
     His arms curled around her legs, pulled her calves onto  his
shoulders. Again, his hands ran down over her legs. He gripped her hips 
as she reached toward her husband's dick. She put one hand on his cock, 
to guide it more truly, and with the fingers of the other hand she 
spread her pussy lips as much as possible. 
     He began pushing into her.
     "Unnnnnnnn...." The sound was forced from her mouth as she felt her 
cunt being wedged open by her husband hard, thick cock. The earlier 
orgasms had tightened her even more and her pussy was resisting.
     He pushed half the glans into her and stopped. His hands moved her 
hips from side to side, stretching her small hole against his dick. When 
he pushed again, Connie threw her arms wide and hissed loudly as the 
knob finally popped into her vagina.
     "Ooh -- Yes!"
     He tightened his grip on her hips and began pulling her onto his 
shaft. Connie moaned uncontrollably as she felt her cunt being opened 
deeper and deeper, as she felt his heat probing into her wet depths. She 
gasped when he touched bottom and he immediately began pulling her off 
his cock, till only the head was still in her.
     "Jerry Jerry Jerry..." she murmured, filled with love for his 
tenderness and passion for his fucking. She felt herself loosening 
inside as, again, she experienced the proof of his understanding and 
knowledge of her needs and wants. More quickly, but just as gently, he 
pulled her onto his wide prick. She squirmed with pleasure as it probed 
her, pressing her to her limits and then a little more. 
     Connie brought her arms up and reached for him. She worked her 
hands between her calves and his neck and pulled him toward her. He 
shifted over her, his arms hooked under her shoulders and his weight 
resting on his elbows behind her back. 
     "I love you so much," she whispered as his lips came down to meet 
hers and he slowly sank the full length of his cock into her.
     Connie screamed with pleasure into his mouth. Her legs were bent 
back to her shoulders and her pelvis was arched up to receive him as 
deeply as possible. She felt his balls delicately land on her upturned 
asscheeks and the bony ring around the base of his cock pressed into her 
stretched labia. She felt as if his glans was embedding itself in her 
stomach. She felt as if his cock was possessing her. 
     She felt totally his.
     When she finally stopped screaming, she murmured, "Do me, lover!"
     "Fillerup?"
     Before she could answer, he began pumping in and out of her. 
Slowly, at first, then with fast strokes, he worked his big meat in her 
convulsing cunt. She could feel the juice squirting out of her with each 
withdrawal, feel the pressure building inside her tummy with each 
insertion. Her orgasms became nearly constant, varying only in their 
intensity. Connie was going from pleasure plateau to pleasure peak and 
back again, over and over, faster and faster.
     His thrusts took on more urgency and she felt his prick swelling 
even more inside her, testing the containment of her tight, clenching 
cunt. 
     "Cum in me," she growled, her voice throaty with lust. "Yes!" She 
tried to pull him deeper into her, to squeeze and suck him with her 
twat.
     "Yeah, baby!" he groaned. "Cumming!"
     She could feel the surge swell the length of his prick and then he 
was jammed to the bone inside her, moaning with release as he poured in 
her. Feeling his throbs, hearing his rumble of pleasure, her love and 
passion became ungovernable. She thrashed up at him and came even harder 
as he impaled her with his spurting cock.
     Just as she felt his balls stop their jerking where they lay in the 
shallow furrow of her ass, he raised himself on trembling arms. She 
pulled her legs back and wider, free of his arms, as he knelt up. His 
cock had lost its stiffness and was slowly shriveling inside her. She 
loved that feeling -- his juices mixed with hers, deep in her belly, and 
her wonderful husband's penis resting peacefully inside her. 
     She raised her legs straight up and pulled them together, then 
slowly lowered to one side. He bent enough to get one forearm under her 
butt and hoisted her 94 pounds -- same as when they'd met -- off the 
bed. Keeping their genitals joined, Jerry rolled onto his back and drew 
her with him in a graceful pas de deux of pleasure and tenderness, they 
came to rest with her stretched atop his larger frame, her face resting 
against the hairs of his chest.
     She hugged him with her cunt and welcomed his soft  moan  of
pleasure. He kissed the top of her head. She kissed his chest. Some of 
the sparse hairs there were just beginning to turn silvery, so she 
kissed through them again.
     "I love you, Veronica."
     "I love you, Gerald."
     His arms were around her. He had one hand caressing her back, 
between her shoulder blades. The other was resting on her butt. She felt 
his finger move to her slick anus and gently probe. She groaned and 
pressed down against him.
     "So that was what got milady's motor running, huh? That letter take 
you back to the good ol' days?"
     "Your good ol' days were better than mind," she said. "You were the 
one who went to high school and college during the sexual revolution."
     "I heard about it," he said. He chuckled. "It was in all the 
papers. But the free love didn't apply to the kids going to the schools 
I went to." He was almost ten years older than she was. She'd asked him 
about those times -- times she barely remembered -- when she'd been too 
young and too sheltered to really know what was going on. "You had some 
pretty wild times in college, though. That letter bring back memories?"
     "Um-hmm." She nestled closer -- if that was possible -- and again 
clenched her cunt around him. "I like these times better, though. That's 
why I married you. The company I'm keeping means more to me than what we 
do."
     "Or don't." His tone was rueful. 
     "Oh, that's okay, honey. Your finger feels good enough to me."
     Connie and Jerry didn't have secrets; they were too close for that. 
She'd told him about some of her adventures in college. It had come out 
while she'd explained her breakup with the fellow student to whom she'd 
been engaged. It had seemed a perfect match. Eddie had come from the 
same sort of family and background as she had. He was a music major -- 
he played the violin beautifully -- a gymnast and a cheerleader. She was 
a dance major, a gymnast and a cheerleader. They shared many, many 
interests -- music, art, books -- and they had fantastic sex -- even 
wild sex. They'd had threesomes, foursomes, orgies. While she was with 
Eddie, she learned that every so often, nothing in the world got her off 
so much as getting her narrow little asshole crammed full of hard, hot 
cock. 
     But Connie began to realize something in October of their senior 
year, about a month after accepting Eddie's proposal: More and more, 
Eddie seemed less interested in being with her than in participating in 
group sex -- and her presence was the key to that. 
     The real problem arose when she tried to talk with him about it. 
He'd get angry and clam up, or angry and resentful -- or angry and 
hurtful, recounting to her how much she'd enjoyed what they were doing 
and demanding to know why she didn't want to talk about it then, during 
the group sex.
     The more she tried, the more he closed her out. She began to re-
examine their entire relationship and realized how little he really gave 
of himself, emotionally -- and how much she needed that. It hurt her to 
end the engagement, but as much as she'd expeced. That was when she 
realized she was sure she'd done the right thing. They'd bonded with 
sex, but the bond went no farther, and she needed more.
     She met Jerry the following spring. He'd been visiting the college 
to give a one-session lecture on his field and he saw her cheering at a 
lacrosse game. They stayed in touch by letters, then phone, then she'd 
gone to New York to spend a week visiting a girlfriend and ended up 
spending more time in his bed than any other place. 
     They got closer and closer and it was almost perfect. The one small 
flaw was easily overlooked and forgotten in view of all the other good 
stuff they had. She hardly ever thought of it, let alone missed it. 
     Until the letter.
     She stirred again as she felt the finger massage her asshole more 
insistently.
     "I could always get some reduction surgery done," he said, only 
half-teasing. 
     "Don't you dare!"
     "It'd make it easier all the time. I wouldn't have to worry about 
hurting you or making you gag."
     "Does it make it less pleasurable for you to worry about those 
things?" They'd had this talk before, but she always wondered if things 
had changed.
     "In a way," he said. "I can't just, you know, let go and flail 
away."
     "Flail, flail, flail," she chanted, her lips against his chest 
again.
     "But, then again, I never really could with anyone."
     "There have been exceptions."
     The finger withdrew from her ass and he squeezed her buttocks. 
"Yeah." He'd told her about them, but he didn't like remembering them. 
He took a deep breath, let it out slowly. "But, on the other hand -- "
     "So to speak."
     "Ahem. The fact that by restraining myself in that one small -- "
     "Large. Very large."
     "-- minor way I can be more loving with you makes it even more 
pleasurable. Make any sense?"
     "None. Plenty."
     "But you do miss those times."
     "Sometimes. That letter could have been a description of some of 
them. Making love, sixty-nining, with a beautiful woman while having my 
lover slide deep into my ass..." Her nipples hardened. 
     "Well, we could always give it another try," he kidded.
     Her nipples softened. 
     "Only kidding."
     That had been dreadful. She'd had three gin-and-tonics to relax, 
greased up both of them copiously and tried backing onto him. She'd done 
everything she could to hide how much it was hurting, but he'd spotted 
her shivering in pain -- he couldn't see her face -- and pulled her off 
him. All she'd been able to work into her tortured ass was the glans. 
Just the memory of that knob popping out of her ass was enough to make 
her wince.
     "Besides, I hardly ever even think about women anymore," she said. 
"I'm just so happy and contented with you."
     "Hardly ever until about two months ago," he reminded her.
     "...yes."
     Connie taught two ballet classes on weeknights in another, nearby 
bedroom suburb. Both were for novices. One class was youngsters trying 
to learn the basics. The other was mostly women in their twenties and 
thirties who took class as a form of exercise. It had been two years 
since Connie had craved a woman. Then Kimberly had signed up for the 
adult novice class. 
     As soon as Connie saw her, she'd felt the tension begin. Kim was 
twenty-five, tall, had masses of reddish blonde  hair  and  rich,
voluptuous curves. She wasn't pretty, but she was striking in her 
appearance -- and about her, Connie sensed an aura of sheer sensuality. 
And she'd felt an elemental connection.
     "Well, you know my feelings," he reminded her.
     Indeed she did: Be sure she's clean, don't cut OUR time together 
and talk about it if the attachment seems to be getting more than 
essentially physical.
     She'd been skeptical of his attitude when they'd first discussed 
it. He'd proven good as his word, though, when the occasions arose. And 
-- Bless him! -- he'd never tried to have her bring any of them to their 
bed with them. At least part of that, Connie knew, was because he hadn't 
found any of them particularly appealing, for one reason or another. 
More often than note, the lack of appeal was because he knew the other 
women didn't care for sex with men.
     On the other hand, though, he'd never said he would reject the 
idea. Which might be just as well. 
     Because Connie had something to tell her husband.

                                                                   [more]
--
