This is an explicit tale of sex between consenting adults. Not for 
consumption by minors or those who don't like such stuff. 

This is almost certainly a work of fiction. 








TRYOUT 
-- by Friar Dave

PART FIVE




     "...dresser," Kim said softly. Her  weight,  depressing  the
mattress, caused the huge double-dong to roll heavily against her side. 
One end was against her shoulder; the other was at her hip. She turned 
and grasped it. "Top drawer, left," she added.
     "Aha!" Connie said and Kim remembered that it was the same drawer 
where she kept her other toys -- the plastic vibrator and the pulsing 
dildo she'd bought through the mail-order catalog. 
     The big double-dong, though, was much thicker than either of her 
old toys. The glans on the nearest end was startlingly realistic -- and 
still warm from the washing Connie had given it.
     She felt Connie kneel on the bed behind her. "Big sucker, huh?"
     Kim's ripe lips quirked in a smile. "Actually, I think it's too big 
to be a sucker." She raised the dildo to her mouth and managed to get 
the head inside -- and no more. She removed it and said, "Unreal."
     "Actually -- " Connie took it from her. "It may be just a little 
bit fatter than Jerry's. I'll have to try it on for size."
     "You mean 'Try it *in* for size.'"
     Connie rolled Kim onto her back and knelt straddling her, Kim's 
lovely tits brushing the insides of Connie's taut thighs. 
     "Hey, where's your whatsis, uh, Butterfly?"
     "You sometimes talk too much." Connie began slowing moving her hips 
from side to side, brushing Kim's large nipples with her labia, letting 
her juices moisten the broad, swelling lumps that capped Kim's firm 
hillocks. She felt Kim's hands come up behind her, cupping her ass and 
pulling her cunt closer and closer. Connie leaned forward on her arms 
and let her drooling pussy descend almost to Kim's yearning lips. 
     Kim's tongue reached up and just barely touched Connie's swollen 
cunt lips, then tickled back and forth over her clit. Connie moaned and 
pressed her twat down onto Kim's mouth, kissing Kim's lips with her own. 
She began to shake with a small orgasm. Then Kim slid a finger into her 
little pussy and the orgasm grew -- explosively.
     Connie settled to a slow seething and swung herself off her lover's 
face. Her knees were trembling as she reached to unclip the Butterfly 
still whirring quietly on Kim's crotch. She laid it aside, then let 
herself drape on top of Kimberly with their faces buried in each other's 
pussies. 
     Kim sighed as she felt Connie's nimble tongue begin licking the 
insides of her thighs and then groaned when Connie fastened her lips 
over Kim's still vibrating cunt.
     Connie was bathing her mouth and nose in Kim's copious juices while 
savoring the touch of Kim's tongue on her eager pussy -- but she was 
doing more, too. Without looking, she reached to the side with one hand 
and found the tube of K-Y. She uncapped it. Still working by feel, she 
put a big dose of it on the enormous double-dong.
     Just as Kim was beginning to cum again from the tongue and lips on 
her cunt, Connie slid one slippery finger into Kim's hungry cunt. 
     "Ahhhh, yes, do me, do me," Kim murmured into Connie's cunt. She 
raised her knees and opened her shapely legs still wider. 
     Connie slid another finger in beside the first and Kim began 
hunching her cunt up toward her demandingly. The third finger brought a 
low, throaty growl of pleasure from Kim. Connie waggled the three digits 
inside her young lover's pussy, all the while licking at her clitoris. 
Just as Connie felt the orgasm beginning to explode, Connie yanked the 
fingers out of her.
     Kim half-sobbed in frustration -- and then groaned loudly as she 
felt something smooth and wonderfully firm slowly spreading her cunt 
lips wider and wider and wider. The sound that came from deep in her 
throat was almost a lowing, like an animal. Her cunt was being forced 
open more than she could have imagined possible, almost painfully open, 
but the incessant movement of Connie's tongue on her stretching labia 
and engorged clitoris somehow made it bearable -- and pleasurable.
     When the glans of the thick double-dong finally popped all the way 
inside her youthful tunnel, Kim's hips seemed to relax.  One  leg
straightened and lay limp on the bed while the other slowly swung wider, 
then back.
     Connie knew exactly what Kim was feeling -- she'd felt it herself 
every time she'd gone to bed with Jerry. That empathy sent an additional 
shiver of pleasure through her that almost compensated for the pause in 
Kim's oral ministrations to her own hungry cunt. As son as Kim resumed 
licking her pussy, though, Connie resumed her tunneling. Bit by bit, she 
pushed that huge dildo in, withdrawing it slightly every so often both 
to give Kim the chance to accommodate it and to give herself the thrill 
of watching Kim's stretched-to-bursting labia coat the massive stick as 
it pulled outward.
     When seven or eight inches of the rubber cock were embedded in Kim, 
Connie began working it back until only the glans was inside -- and then 
pushed it back in to the previous limit...and a little more. Kim was 
bucking her hips up to take it, welcoming it with fucking eagerness. 
     Connie felt Kim tighten beneath her -- and Kim began shuddering and 
fucking her hips faster, short little jerks. Kim was close, very close. 
Connie wanted to time this perfectly --
     At just the right moment, Connie let her index finger slide down 
over the short, secretion coated stretch between Kim's packed vagina and 
her anus -- and then slipped the finger inside to the first knuckle.
     "AHHH!" Kim's legs snapped closed and she arched, shivering. Her 
twat and ass were tightly gripping the rubber cock and Connie's invading 
finger as she came and came, shrieking in Connie's cunt. Connie could 
barely move the latex cock within the sheath of Kim's cunt, but move it 
she did -- deeper. 
     Kim kept cumming and arching as she felt the fat, phony phallus 
probing deeper and deeper -- past the deepest any man had been, past the 
deepest of her mail-order dildo, past what she had always considered her 
limits. It felt as if it were probing into the base of her stomach and 
finding in that region another clitoris. She screamed with pleasure as 
an immense orgasm wracked her lush, taut frame. She collapsed back 
to the bed, still shuddering as Connie began working the enormous dildo 
rapidly in and out with quick, short strokes -- strokes that a man would 
use if he were cumming with the nubile beauty. At the same time, she 
crammed her finger into Kim's ass till her palm was pressed against the 
shivering globes of firm flesh, and then she wiggled it. Kim jerked her 
head from side to side, her mouth open and tongue extended against 
Connie's drooling cunt, as she came and came and came...
     Connie began shivering with pleasure as little orgasms went off 
like firecrackers inside her. She bent lower and fastened her mouth over 
Kim's protruding clit and licked lightly at the tasty morsel. Kim bucked 
and shook like a woman in the throes of a seizure. Her legs went wide on 
the bed and her hands came down on the back of Connie's head, forcing 
her mouth down over her clitty. And all the time, Connie was still 
jacking the immense dildo in Kim's cunt and waggling her finger in Kim's 
nearly virgin anus.
     Kim bucked wildly, finally throwing Connie off her. Connie was 
startled by the violence of the throw and the suddenness with which she 
was deprived of Kim's clit in her mouth and Kim's tight ass around her 
finger. She lay motionless for a moment beside her young lover on the 
bed -- and then Kim was suddenly over her, on all fours.
     "You fucking slut, I'm still cumming!" Kim moaned and kissed her 
passionately. Then Connie felt her legs being lifted higher and wider -- 
and she felt the huge dong pressing against her cunt. "Now I'm gonna 
fuck you with this cock!"
     Connie shook and went limp with pleasure as Kim lined up the other 
end of the double-dong and pressed it relentlessly into Connie's cunt. 
She felt the breath streaming out of her as it went deeper and deeper, 
stretching her wonderfully, opening her as it plumbed her depths. 
     And then she felt Kim's cunt against hers. Between them, they had 
absorbed almost two feet of plastic cock. 
     "C'mon, fuck - fuck - fuck - fuck," Kim chanted as she bucked her 
hips. Connie rolled slightly on her side and thrust back at the larger 
woman, then held her dildo-filled pussy lips against Kim's swollen 
labia. Both women threw their heads back and moaned at the sensations: 
sweet cunnies mashed together, swollen clits rubbing, tight pussies 
packed to bursting with secretion-slicked latex. As the full strength of 
her orgasm swept over her, Connie managed to reach up and drop one 
shaking hand on a one of Kim's quivering tits. She grasped at the huge, 
swollen nipple and squeezed.
     Kim shrieked and froze -- and then her hips shook like a paint-
mixing machine. Her climax-tightened cunt contracted on the dildo and 
her motions sent it rapidly ratcheting inside Connie's fluttering fuck 
hole as if it really were the huge, hard dick it imitated. Connie howled 
and fell back on the bed, barely conscious as Kim finished fucking them 
both into semiconsciousness.
     Long minutes later, Connie roused herself slightly -- just enough 
to slowly extricate the dildo from her cunt. She felt empty and wanting 
inside when the many inches were finally out of her. She shifted slowly 
on the bed and studied the giant toy where  it  disappeared  into
Kimberly's awesome stretched cunt lips. Connie couldn't believe how much 
of it she'd had inside herself. Kim was still dozing when Connie found 
the butt plug with her groping fingers. She bent and began lightly 
kissing Kim's thighs and abdomen, waking her  sweetly  into  more
horniness, while she spread the lubricating gel on the butt plug.
     Kim moaned as Connie began teasing her clitoris with the tip of her 
tongue. The long legs parted and the tight hips began slowly rolling. 
Connie reached beneath Kim and began massaging her puckered little 
butthole with one slippery finger -- and then pushed it in.
     "Ohhhh, yeahhhh..." Kim's hips were shaking now and Connie could 
clearly hear her gasps of pleasure and she worked the finger carefully 
in and out of the tight opening. Connie began working a second finger 
into Kim's ass while she slowly pulled the big double-dong free of the 
younger woman's tight cuntal clutches. The fat knob came out just as the 
second finger slid home. Kim arched at the withdrawal and Connie quickly 
covered the temporarily gaping opening with her thirsty mouth. Kim was 
flowing and flowing, more than Connie would have thought possible. 
     Suddenly, Kim grabbed Connie's hips and rolled over, reversing 
their position; Connie was now on the bottom. But  Kim's  sweetly
streaming cunt was still pressed against her lips, pouring its savory 
sauce into Connie's thirsty mouth. Her fingers had come out of Kim's ass 
during the change of place. With the same hand, she reached back to find 
the butt plug just as Kim began feasting on Connie's eager snatch.
     Shivering with pleasure at what Kim was doing with her lovely lips 
and tongue, Connie brought the butt plug into alignment and began 
working it slowly into Kim's ass. Kim's thighs began shaking and her 
knees gave out. She collapsed slowly atop Connie, her long legs extended 
back and to each side of Connie's head. Connie kept up the licking and 
the pressure and suddenly the butt plug slid all the way home and was 
locked in place by the flutterings of Kim's tight sphincter muscles.
     Kim arched her head up long enough to hiss, "I feel like I'm taking 
a huge shit!" and then dropped her face back between Connie's legs. 
Connie never stopped her snacking on Kim's snatch and in moments, both 
women were shuddering to orgasm again.
     Kim rolled off her and Connie squirmed around on the bed to be in 
her young lover's arms. 
     "With that thing in my ass, I keep feeling like I'm going to cum 
again in a second," Kim breathed into Connie's mouth.
     Connie responded by taking one prodigiously swollen nipple into her 
mouth and lightly bringing her teeth down on it. Kim shook and arched 
her hips and came again. Connie kept chewing that large nipple and slid 
her ungreased hand down to cover Kim's cunt -- and was shocked at the 
quantity of liquid seeping out of her. She sank two fingers suddenly 
into Kim's quim and pressed her palm of her clitoris. She wiggled the 
fingers inside Kim and felt the liquids sloshing inside her. Kim was 
bucking her firm hips again, seeking -- and Connie obliged. She curled 
her fingers inside Kim and found the swollen nodule of nerves on the 
upper part of her vagina. As soon as she began massaging the G spot, Kim 
screamed and arched up off the bed. She seemed unable to control the 
frantic rolling of her hips as she came and came. The juices flowed out 
of her spasming cunt, now. Connie could feel them on her hand, dripping.
     Slowly, she removed her mouth from Kim's nipple and her fingers 
from Kim's cunt. The younger woman collapsed onto the bed again, still 
rippling with pleasure. Connie watched happily as Kim's stomach and 
abdomen continued to contract. She knew Kim was still cumming and 
quickly plastered her lips onto her lover's. Kim hugged her urgently as 
they passionately kissed long and deep. Their legs intertwined and each 
pressed against the other hungrily, as if trying to feel all her flesh 
against all of her flesh, as if trying to merge.
     Later, Kim quietly said, "I wish you could stay the night."
     Connie, standing, smiled. "I'm planning to. We still have toys to 
break in."
     Kim's joyous smile at having her lover stay the night with her 
became a slack-lipped look of pure lust. "Yes, those others..." Her 
fingers trailed down to her sodden crotch as if they moved on their own 
volition. "It's too bad we can't use them all at once somehow."
     "There's too many for two of us." Connie sat on the edge of the 
totally disheveled bed. "But we can always call Emily and invite her to 
join us sometime." She leaned over and licked Kim's belly. "For tonight, 
though, I want you all to myself." She kissed Kim's pubis.
     "I can't believe you're going to be with me all night long," Kim 
breathed. She was still aware of the butt plug, but had already gotten 
comfortable with it. "What about your husband?"
     "He doesn't mind..." Connie was kissing the insides of Kim's 
thighs. She suddenly sat up. "Or did you mean something else?"
     "Not originally, but -- yeah, sure. Still."
     Connie thought for a moment. "I'd like that. It's not his thing, 
but our anniversary is coming up. He won't refuse me anything."
     Kim smiled and ran her hand over Connie's back. "Neither will I."
     "I know." She bent and started kissing Kim's calves as Kim reached 
down to caress her tight ass cheeks with one hand while the other sought 
-- and found -- her mail order pulsating vibrator and the lubricating 
gel. She had an idea forming. When her finger brushed Connie's tiny anus 
and the lithe, petite woman moaned and arched her butt against the 
digit, Kim's idea became a certainty.
     "Come up her, you slut," Kim crooned. "It's your turn to get butt-
plugged."
     Connie groaned in anticipation and moved in willing compliance.

* * *

     Connie got home just after ten in the morning. The weather was 
unusually warm for late February and the two or three  inches  of
accumulated snow was already melting into a large puddle that flashed 
blue-sky sunlight.
     She'd purposely delayed returning, despite her eagerness to be with 
her beloved. If he'd been drinking the night before, he'd need a little 
time alone to come to terms with it. 
     And it was true: She *was* eager. Despite the splendid pleasures of 
the night before, the endless, self-indulgent satisfactions of her 
cravings for slippery sex with another woman -- Kim, in particular -- 
she ached to be with her man. The ache was in her heart and her head and 
other points, farther south. It seemed that the more she was with anyone 
else, the more she wanted Jerry.
     She hesitated at the door and took a deep breath before she let 
herself in.
     He was in the kitchen, drinking coffee from his favorite mug, a 
huge thing they'd found at a pottery fair two years before.
     "Hello, wife," he said. The New York Times was spread on the table 
next to a plate holding the surviving crumbs of a toasted English 
muffin. "Glad to see you."
     She grinned and felt the tears spilling down her face. She threw 
herself into his arms and held him as tightly as she could. "Goddam, but 
I love you!" she sobbed. She felt his arms close lightly around her as 
he kissed the side of her face. She calmed and finally slipped away to 
sit kitty-corner from him at the table.
     "Well, what about last -- " both began saying, and then stopped and 
laughed.
     "You first," she said, reaching for the coffee carafe.
     "I wondered about you, went to the gym, pumped for a  while,
wondered about you, played some racquetball, wondered about you,swam 
some laps. Wondered about you. Came home, ate, wondered about you, 
tossed the keys in the safe, wondered about you, juggled the lock. Then 
I wondered about you. Then I had a drink and watched TV. Then I took a 
shower and went to sleep."
     Her eyebrows went up. 
     "Yeah, just the one. I really didn't feel like more than that. Kind 
of surprised myself. But I remembered that it didn't help my wondering 
about you or anything else, and the one taste was nice but -- " He 
shrugged his broad shoulders. "It was all I wanted. ANother one sounded 
good till I said it out loud and didn't believe it -- this time. Your 
turn."
     "Remember what I told you I wanted to do?"
     He grinned, looked down into his crotch, nodded and said, "I sure 
enough do." She half-rose to look down at the tent in his crotch, then 
sat again.
     "Well, that and more."
     "Wow. I guess your sex drive is sated for a couple of days."
     "Are you kidding? I was sitting in a puddle all the way home, just 
thinking about what we better be doing ten minutes after I got here."
     He looked at his wristwatch. "That only gives us two minutes to get 
to the bedroom."
     She stood and began peeling off her clothes, which didn't take long 
as she hadn't bothered with underwear. She let the clothing lay where it 
fell and stepped naked to his side. She bent and unzipped his jeans, 
fished his cock out of his boxer shorts and straddled him. She began 
bending her knees, fitting the fat, flaring head of his cock into her 
swampy slit. The look of pleasure on his face sent a thunderclap of joy 
through her and they both groaned as she settled all the way down onto 
his big dick. His hands came up to cup her tight little ass cheeks as 
she began rocking on his prick. He ducked his head to suck on one lovely 
nipple and she felt the contractions already beginning in her cunt.
     And as she posted and rode him to her second orgasm, she began 
telling him in great and vivid detail what she wanted  for  their
anniversary.
     She would wait till they were in the bedroom before telling him 
about Emily -- and the phone call she and Kim had made that morning.

                                                                   [more]


============================================================================
Originally uploaded 5/9/91 to NixPix Windy City 708 564 1754, the only 
place where the rest of it will be uploaded by the author. Re-upload 
elsewhere freely, as long as you got it from a NixPixNet BBS and you 
don't change it. Fair enough? Thanks!

NixPix Central (the original Nick)   303 920 1263
NixPix East    (in the Northeast)    207 693 3431
NixPix Windy City (the Midwest)      708 564 1754
NixPix Sweden                        011 46 40 110590
NixPix Austria                       011 43 77 198871
NixPix Finland (any moment now!)



============================================================================
     For 99 percent of those who can read, this is a needless reminder, 
so I address this to the one percent.
     If you enjoyed this story and/or appreciate the time and effort 
that went into writing it, there's a simple way for you to quietly show 
that appreciation -- by acting as a responsible BBSer. That means:
     Don't let any minors read this;
     Don't send it to any BBS that wouldn't welcome it. (You may not 
agree with the SysOp's restriction on x-rated files or stories but 
that's the SysOp's perogative and as a guest/subscriber/user of his 
or her BBS, you are honor-bound to respect the stated restrictions);
     Don't change or modify the file name or the text itself; that's a 
cheat and we both know it.

On a personal note, I ask you not to remove either this afterward or my 
handle.

Thanks, in advance.
                                                                 -- F.D.
