Archive-name: Changes/ts.txt
Archive-author: Bob Francis  (adaptation)
Archive-title: Transsexual Lust


I was 23 when I had the only job I really liked. It was after I graduated
from college in Philadelphia, and had just gotten a job in the fashion
industry. Actually, it was really just a designer dress shop, but it was a
start. At first, I wasn't too excited. After all, a dress shop isn't the
most interesting place to work, right? Wrong!

My first day on the job started out as normal as could be expected. There
was a note from the owner, Jesse, outlining what I was to do until she
arrived from out of town. I started out restocking racks, followed by
inventory, some general correspondence and typing of invoices. My day was
off to an easy but somewhat boring start. The real excitement started when
I received a phone call and was asked to pick up some of the new spring
fashions at a local designer's boutique. I drove crosstown to Pandora's
Box, which was located in what I thought was a rather questionable part of
the city.

The front door had a "Closed for Lunch" sign taped on it so I went around
back and rang the buzzer at the loading dock. A strangely husky but
feminine voice came over the intercom, asked who I was and what I wanted.
"I here to pick up the new shipment, I'm from Jesse's shop", I replied.
"Come around to the stairs, but there's no one around to help you load the
order, you're gonna have to wait awhile until the stock boy gets back ".

I went over to the back door, went up the stairs and walked into what
appeared to be a large dressing-room. It was full of mirrors, nude and
half nude mannequins and bolts of fabric. There I found someone adjusting
the hemline on a dress draped over one of the mannequins. As I looked with
more attention, I saw one of the most incredible looking women I have ever
seen. She was beautiful. She had one of those fashion model-type faces,
high cheek bones, piercing green eyes and a full pouty lip. She was
wearing a short black leather skirt and a white almost see through halter
top that showed off her shapely figure. Her long flowing blonde hair
spilled down her shoulders over her ample breasts.

To complete the picture, her gorgeous legs were perched on black stiletto
heels. In short, she wasn't just hot, she was radioactive. I just about
came in my pants as I checked-out her ass as she bent over. Engrossed in
her work, she was squatting in my direction, giving me a glance between
her legs. The top of her stockings and a clasp from her garter belt was
just barely visible. This lady gave new meaning to the words "steamy under
the silk". As she turned away from me I could see her firm tits and that
she was not wearing a bra. She bent over again, with her ass high in the
air. I licked my lips and I could almost feel her sexuality from across
the room.

"Hi Honey, what's new?" she asked as she looked at me through my
reflection in the mirror. I answered, "not much, just here to pick up an
order..." at this point, I just talked without thinking. I was almost
paralyzed with nervousness.  "I'm Donna, you must be Jesse's new manager"
she said turning towards me. "Yeah, I guess that's me....oh, by the way my
name is Bob", I replied.

Gazing at her butt and thinking out loud as she turned her back towards
me, as she bent over to pick up a measuring tape, I said in a barely
audible whisper "what a hot little behind". Obviously it wasn't that
inaudible because Donna immediately shot a glance at me through the mirror
and gave me a knowing, appreciative smile. Still looking at me in the
mirror. Donna said "listen, I'm just about through here, I just have to
get a bolt of fabric down from one of the overhead bins, if you could help
me get that, then we might be able to get some lunch, would you mind
terribly?" How could I say anything but "sure, let me help". "Great, your
a real sweetie", she replied.

Moving over to the overhead storage area Donna said, "I'll go up above and
send you down the bolts that I'll need, O.K.?" Without waiting for an
answer, she went about three-quarters the way up a somewhat rickety ladder
and stopped. "I never can find the light switch up here", she said, "see
if you can see the switch from down there". I walked over and looked up at
her. I could see right up her dress to her shapely legs and that firm ass
of hers that was at the end of those legs. I could see the switch alright
but said as I continued to look up at her ass "no, can't see it from
here". Donna leaned forward showing me just a little bit more of that
gorgeous tight butt. "This ladder is a little loose" she said in a
somewhat frustrated tone, "give me a hand getting down, I'll get one of
the stock boys to come up here later". She began to descend and began to
loose her balance. Placing my hands out to brace her fall, I reached out
and put my hands on her ass cheeks.

"Are you O.K.?" I asked as I continued to secretly feel up her ass. " I
think I turned my ankle" she answered, "high heels aren't exactly the best
shoes for climbing a ladder. "Let me see", I said as I looked at her ankle
to find that everything looked intact. "It looks fine, you probably just
bruised it. This ought to loosen it up". "Let's move over to the couch so
you can take your weight off of it", I suggested. There I began to slowly
and gently massage Donna's ankle. Moving up to her calf and then rubbing
her right leg, making slow and sensual moves. "Ohhhh God, that feels so
good. Ohhhh..."

Donna's moans of pain had changed in function, it became apparent that she
wasn't in pain. "Oh yes, that feels good, you know I think I like you a
lot? God, you make me feel good" she said. "I bet I can make You feel a
lot better," I blurted out. "Uh-huh, I think it's mutual." Donna said as
she looked into my eyes. I felt as if I was falling down a deep hole.

Donna bent over and kissed me full, deep and wet. She pulled back, stood
up and slowly removed her halter top and exposed what looked like perfect
38 C's, big nipples, firm, round and incredibly smooth. "Do you like what
you see?" she said in a strangely husky-feminine voice. I was too stunned
to say anything. She came toward me and placed her tits in my face. I
flicked my tongue over her nipples and they sprang to life, "Ooohh daddy"
she said, "suck on mommy's tits".

She reached down and began rubbing my crotch as I continued to nibble on
her jugs. "Ummmm, you're making me so hot" she cooed as she continued to
stroke the outside of my jeans," let me slip out of this skirt". She
unzipped her skirt and let it drop to the floor. Her nylon clad legs were
framed by the black garter belt and her ass was covered by a pair of black
panties that tied on either side.

She turned her back towards me, she pulled her panties up into the crack
of her ass. She bent over offering me the chance to kiss and caress her
hot ass. I licked and gently bit her ass savoring the taste of her sweet
skin and the smell of her perfume and her ass. Bending over further, she
pulled her panties over to one side of her ass cheek and exposed her
hairless pink asshole. Following her cue, my tongue eagerly darted towards
her hole.

Sweet and musky, I slowly circled her hole with my tongue. She spread her
cheeks inviting me to probe further. I pushed my tongue up into her dank
asshole, relishing every morsel as if I was devouring the richest
chocolate cake I had ever eaten. The further I put in my tongue, the
looser her asshole became and the more she moved in synch with my
probings. I tongue fucked her for what seemed to be an eternity, savoring
her sweet tasting bunghole. She moaned softly and stood up.By now my cock
was about ready to rip through my jeans.

She turned and faced me with her hands wandering over her pubic area. Her
tits hung in front of my face, just in reach of my tongue. "Do you like
suprises?" she asked. "Hey, I'm game for anything", I said without
thinking. "Good, I think you're really gonna like this one" she said.
Finally, Donna began to untie her panties. She then asked me, "if you
don't want to go any further, I understand, you'll see that I'm not like
most girls.", "I'll go as far as you want to go", I replied. As her
panties dropped she hissed "I want you". She stood there pinching her
nipples, naked except for her stockings, garter belt and high heels. I
looked up to see the biggest cock I have ever seen.

I was drunk with lust at this point. It didn't make any sense, I thought.
A great looking chick with a nonstop bod and a huge cock. She licked her
lips seductively and in a giggling voice said "I wanna see yours, too."
without slight hesitation, my shirt was off, and my pants were down to my
ankles.

"Suck me" Donna demanded.

Shaking with lust, I reached over and gently taking her cock in my hands,
I started massaging her cock and balls. In the meantime I positioned my
self over her huge tool. Then when I thought she really wanted it, I
started my descent. I kissed the crown of her cock, then again. Donna
moaned. I kissed again, this time sucking the head into my mouth. Donna
moaned again. Each time I kissed her cock, I took more of her tool into my
mouth, and each time it was getting harder to take it in. I knew it would
take time to get it all into my mouth, but I was determined to do it.
Kissing, sucking, kissing, sucking, and finally I felt her cock in my
throat. I didn't gag.

"Now really suck it" Donna begged.

Donna climbed on top of me and began to kiss me, moving up from my chest.
I could feel her horse-dick against my stomach, her delicate arms pressing
me against the floor. Donna began to slide her tool up to my mouth, or
maybe I was sliding my mouth down to her tool, but anyhow, swallowing her
huge prick was what I was trying to do, somehow. I managed to force it all
in, Donna essentially fucking my face. Donna then changed her attention to
my prick, gazing at it with an intent look. We moved off the couch and
Donna began to suck me off, Pressing me against the floor. Donna was
working me over, almost making me shoot my wad right then. Donna had a
raging hard-on that I could not resist. I began to blow her off, as we
were doing 69's. Donna began to lick my balls and then my asshole, causing
my entire crotch to become stiff.

She got in front of me and began eating my ass feverishly, I pulled my
knees up and she went right to work. I could see her rock hard hot cock
was now in need of my willing ass. "You're a virgin, aren't you?", she
asked. "Yes", I replied "but I want that hot cock of yours in my asshole
now" hoping that this was precisely the answer she wanted.

Donna then moved down to my cock as she massaged it with her hand. My cock
grew firmer. She just rubbed it with her hand for several minutes, and
finally moved her lips to surround it. She began imitating my method,
kissing the cock as she sucked more each time. And her sucking was so
gentle. It sort of tickled my cock, but it felt great. Then she changed
the method as she started fingering my asshole and started sucking fast
and hard. She was really going for it, as I felt the tip of my cock hit
the back of her throat. She sucked and sucked, every so often allowing her
tongue to wrap around my cock. The action stopped, as Donna lifted my legs
up, and immediately pulled her finger out of my ass, and replaced it with
her tongue. That hot tongue in my even hotter asshole felt fabulous. She
tickled it first, as if teasing it, then slowly started digging her tongue
deeper into my asshole.

It felt like fire. She kept licking and pumping with her tongue for a long
time and each time feeling ever so much hotter. I was working up a sweat.
The heat in my asshole stopped as she went back to work on my cock. Slowly
she sucked, being even more gentle. I felt the cum rise in my cock as she
began sucking faster. I was now ready for Donna forcing her huge prick up
my ass. "Ooooh yes, fuck me with that gorgeous prick" I cried as Donna
positioned her prick on my asshole. As she bit my nipples and raked my
chest with her nails, she slowly pushed her meat into me. Her cockhead
slipped in with surprising ease followed by the rest of her big cock.

Finally, her huge prick was buried deep in my ass. "You're so tight, your
ass feels like hot silk on my cock" she whispered. I felt a warmth spread
over me as if my entire body was going to cum. My breathing quickened and
Donna began to pull in and out, both of us rocking, rutting and moaning,
as if we were a well oiled machine. She skillfully stroked my dick as she
fucked my ass and tickled my balls with her long fingernails. At first
Donna was on top but as we fucked, we shifted around so that I was sitting
on top of her.

As I perched on top of her she teased my asshole with her cock, she leaned
forward, almost bending in half and slipped my cock into her mouth. I
slowly rocked to the sexual rhythm, Donna's cock into my asshole, my
asshole fucking on Donna's cock and then my cock in and out of Donna's
mouth, my asshole back down on Donna's cock, then up and starting all over
again.

I was trying to keep myself from shooting as I felt donna's dick twitch,
and her huge load go in my ass. "Ohhh, ohhhh I'm gonna cum in your hot
ass", she screamed. I couldn't hold back my load any longer. I buried my
face between her tits, biting, licking and sucking. I pumped furiously as
I shot and came over both our stomachs. I rolled off of Donna's still hard
cock and lie of the rug next to her. Donna began to sigh calmly, her head
on my chest. The sweat from Donna's head ran down my neck. "I can't
believe that," Donna said. "too good to be true?!" I added. "Oh, man, that
was incredible, I've never done shit like that!" "Are you gonna get used
to it?" I inquired. "Geez, I can't believe it. Ohhh..." Donna moaned and I
just layed there with her for about ten minutes.

Donna then put her hand on the side of my face and kissed me. Nothing
fancy, just a plain, but solid kiss. Our eyes just stared at each other
for a few minutes. She then drew me close and kissed me again. This time
more fuller and gave me a little bit of the tongue. All this time moving
her hands to my chest and lightly massaging my chest. I was not getting
real hot. I was intent to let her control.

She kept kissing me for at least 10 minutes, each time more fully, and
finally her tongue was exploring my mouth to the max. Suddenly, Donna
rested her hand on my cock and she started rubbing it slowly. I stayed a
step behind and started massaging her tits. They were firm yet soft and
very natural feeling. A few minutes later I reached to put my hand down on
her cock. Her cock was hard and hot. I was approaching heaven. We kept
this foreplay and kissing up for at least an hour, and both of us were
quite heated up from the action.

Instantly, Donna began the foreplay pattern all again. Our bodies side by
side and facing each other we kept massaging and kissing, feeling each
others warmth and caress.

Kissing her tits and then moving lower, I began to lick her belly and then
down onto her meat. I opened my mouth wide and placed it over her hot
tool. I started slowly moving up and down her shaft, and being careful to
time the strokes in a measured way. Each pass very slowly speeding up the
action on her cock. It was hard not gagging with that huge cock in my
mouth, but after so long, it didn't matter. It felt great feeling that
cock rubbing the back of my throat, just like her cock was massaging my
throat.

I never enjoyed giving head so much. I kept speeding up, and each time
feeling my throat get warmer from the friction. Donna was moving her hips
to my timely strokes. Finally, I really started the fast pace. Sucking
faster and harder, stroking her balls as I sucked. Donna's breathing
became irregular, as I felt it body get more rigid. Donna pushed my head
away, and just as I got away from her cock, it erupted, her juices
spurting up onto her chest and over her hard nipples. I grabbed her cock
in my hand and pumped her, and more sperm shot out of her rod. After
several more bursts, I again wrapped my lips around her cock and started
sucking again. The remaining juices tasted great. Donna still tense and
moaning loudly, let me continue. It only took another few minutes of
sucking and licking before she was ready to cum again. This time she
allowed me to drink it all. As her cock exploded again, and her cock deep
down in my throat, I sucked even harder. Feeling her cock expand as it
erupted in my throat, gave my throat a fabulous sensation, and Donna loved
it.

After Donna was finished and her body relaxed, I nuzzled up beside her on
the couch and started the kissing and tit massaging again. Smearing her
first gob of cum over her still hard nipples.

Donna whispered as she nibbled on my ear, "That was nice, real nice. I can
see that I've got my work cut out for me".

"Well, speaking of work" she said, "The work is as done as it's gonna get
today. We could leave, and drop by my place." "Over to your apartment?" I
asked, in disbelief. "Yeah, I share one with somebody who I'm sure would
love to meet you" Donna said with a huge smile. "Why don't we shoot over
there and grab some lunch?" she suggested. I told her that the idea
sounded great but there was a slight problem, I was already late with the
pick up and I had to return to the dress shop. "No problem" Donna said as
she began dressing, "I'll call Jesse and tell her that you're helping me
pick up some things at the apartment and that you'll be running late, I
know she'll understand". "If you're sure we can get away with it, that'd
be great!" I replied to her. by this time, I was "freaking out", I had
never undergone so much so much so quickly. I got dressed and decided to
go with Donna, after all, things had turned out nicely already.

We went over to Donna's apartment in a Porche 944, which I found out later
was my bosses' car, which jacked up my nervousness even more. "She lets me
use her stuff all the time. I think Jesse likes me." Donna said. "Yeah,
she is pretty nice." I said "is this your place?" we came to a halt in
front of a row house, which was pretty well kept from the outside. "Yeah,
this is the castle." We parked and went inside to she apartment. "Pretty
neat place." I said, not knowing what else to say. "I guess, I'll show you
around." Donna took me on the grand tour, nothing spectacular, but it beat
the hell out of my living quarters.

"Here's the bedroom, if you couldn't have guessed." Donna began to pinch
her nipples and play with her tits. She moved her hand over her crotch,
causing me to have an instant erection. Donna put her arm around my neck,
and sort of hugged me for a few seconds. I just clung to Donna, until we
both went down on the bed. "This one's my treat," Donna insisted. Without
hesitation or notice, Donna had my pants down, and was again working over
my dick. In the next few seconds, we were both naked, Donna still working
on me. I then pulled myself up on the bed, with Donna hunched down on the
floor. Donna came up on the bed, like she was being pulled by her rod.
This time, Donna was under me, jeering for my dick. I went through the
range of motions that she had taught me earlier, causing the bed to knock
against the wall. Donna began to moan in delight, causing me to slow down
as she got up, Donna putting her tongue in my mouth. Donna was on top of
me again, her huge rod up my ass, slamming her body down on mine. Donna's
massive dick was busy at work, her tongue as feminine as the rest of her
body. Her flesh was undulating in perfect rhythm, finally causing her to
cum again.

fWe both stayed pretty still again, exhausted from out workout. "What are
we gonna do?" Donna asked. "What do you mean?" She laid next to me and we
just simply massaged each others chest while our cocks took a little
break. Donna again started massaging my cock, and it slowly came back to
attention. She then positioned himself over my cock, and taking my cock in
her hand, guided it to her asshole. Slowly she sat down. I felt heat start
at the tip of my cock and work down to the base as she put my cock all the
way into her. With her other hand she started stroking her cock. I started
fucking her ass and feeling her hot insides rubbing up and down my cock.
Donna tightened her asshole as she went up and relaxed them as she went
down. It only took minutes for us to cum. It was simultaneous. My load
shot up her ass, and her load onto my chest again. We literally collapsed
both even more sweaty and tired than before.

I heard some footsteps outside of the room and then very suddenly a voice,
"Well, I see you're in good hands" she said. "Holy shit, what are you
doing here?", I shot back. Much to my disbelief I looked up to see my
boss, Jesse, grinning like a Cheshire cat and unbuttoning her dress. "I
never was one for the subtle approach Bob, but i see that you're very much
at home with girls like me and Donna. We have that something extra" Jesse
said. I couldn't believe my eyes and ears. As Jesse's slip fell around her
ankles, I could see that the bulge in her panties was growing even bigger
than Donna's. She wore a very sexy white corset which pushed her tits up.
The white lace stockings secured to her corset outlined her perfectly
shaped legs. Her tits weren't as big as Donna's but they were just as
appealing. Jesse had long jet black hair that she usually wore up in a
bun, she undid her hair and it fell down to about her asscrack. She too
was a real knockout. I would have never suspected that either of these
beauties were anything but 100 percent women. "Did you loosen him up real
good for me Donna?" asked Jesse as she rubbed my ass. I was beginning to
get hard again. I bent over towards Jesse kissed her softly and started
sucking on her huge nipples causing them to harden.

Jesse's cock was beginning to get hard. Taking the initiative I made my
way down her body licking her belly and began to put my mouth over her
ever growing prick. We all shifted positions and formed a daisy-chain with
mouths hungrily sucking pricks and balls clean. After keeping this up for
about 10 minutes Jesse said to Donna "I want to suck Bob's cum out of your
asshole". Donna smiled and climbed over her as if she exactly what Jesse
wanted. Squatting down over Jesse's mouth, Jesse began sucking Donna's
asshole and probing it with her tongue.

Donna leaned over further and began sucking on my cock. "Give it to me
Donna" she demanded, "Let me eat his hot cum". Not knowing what or how she
meant for Donna to do it, I could see Donna's asshole pucker as Donna
pushed her bowels ever so slightly. I could see the hot cum juice trickle
out of Donna's hole. "Yes, more, push harder" Jesse said. With that Donna
pushed with a little more effort only to feel Jesse's tongue go further in
Donna's ass than I thought was humanly possible. There must have been a
couple of ounces of my sticky sweet cum and some of her own ass fuck
juices that quickly shot out of Donna's asshole into Jesse's sucking
mouth. Donna continued to deep throat me with licking and sucking sounds
that filled the room. Hungrily, Jesse lapped up everything that Donna gave
her. I could see that there was a mixture of spit, cum and assfuck juices
glistening on Jesee's lips. I could smell the strangely incredibly sexual
aromas of our sweat, cum, spit, assholes and assfluids lingering in the
air. I looked over to Donna's big cock and then over to an even bigger
cock, now cradled in Donna's mouth . Jesse looked over to me and without
saying a word I knew exactly what was on her mind.

Now I was beginning to worry, until a few hours earlier I never had
anyone's cock in my ass and Donna's was large enough, but Jesse's was
bigger and fatter that I knew it was going to really hurt.

She read my mind. "I'll be gentle and take it slow". I obliged, and lifted
my legs. Jesse said no, turn over and get on your knees. So I did. She
bent over and started licking my asshole again. Heat building up again. It
seemed to help my muscles to relax. Finally I felt Jesse position herself
and felt her cock head squeeze between my cheeks and rest there. She
slowly started pushing it in. No pain at first but just pressure. Donna
positioned herself beneath me and began sucking and my hard prick. As
Donna serviced me Jesse continued to push her fat meat into my asshole.

I could feel the head finish its entrance with no pain, but when the stem
of the cock started in, pain was an understatement. Jesse was pushing ever
so slowly, and carefully. She kept whispering 'relax' as she kept sliding
more in. The pain was getting intense.

"Bite the pillow", Donna recommended.

That prevented any screaming, but the pain was getting worse as she slid
more of that huge cock in. She stopped. Waited, slid more in, and waited
again. She would only continue once the pain had ceased some.

"This may be a mistake", Donna stated.

Suddenly Jesse literally rammed the remaining half real hard up my ass. I
bit right into the pillow. Man, did it hurt. It felt like a grenade was
shoved up my ass and then exploded. Jesse moved her hands around me and
massaged my chest, pinching my nipples, as she let her cock sit in my ass
without moving in or out. Donna was licking my cock and balls.

The massaging and sucking helped, and when Jesse simultaneously started
kissing my neck, the pain began to subside. Sweat was rolling off of me.
Finally when the pain subsided, Jesse began the in-out movement which
Donna matched with her own sucking rhythm. No pain, just ecstasy. Feeling
that huge cock rubbing against the walls of my insides as my cock
disappeared into Donna's mouth felt great. She was pumping slowly, making
it comfortable. I moved my hand down to my cock, and continued to feed it
to Donna. That also helped to relieve what pain was left.

Donna's cock was growing harder so I placed my lips on its head. I opened
my mouth wide and engulfed her shaft without the slightest bit of
hesitation. There I was on all fours with a huge cock in my mouth and an
even bigger prick sawing in and out of my asshole. I felt as if there was
one enormous cock that was moving in and out of my body from my throat to
my asshole. It was sheer heaven for nearly an hour. Sucking and fucking
our lust began boiling once more. Both Jesse and Donna started pumping
faster and harder, really heating up my ass and cock. We were all in a
frenzy.

The heat was fantastic, I was in ecstasy. Jesse and Donna's bodies tensed,
so did mine. I felt Jesse erupt in my ass just as I shot my load into
Donna's mouth. Donna began cumming in almost violent spasms. We kept
shooting more and more as we all pumped. Jesse's cock stopped shooting but
she kept fucking me. Her cock still hard she kept pumping frantically as I
continued to cum on Donna's mouth and lips. Donna kept cumming in my
mouth. Jesse started moaning again, and I kept sucking Donna off. I was
going to cum again.  Jesse let out a loud moan as she shot again in my
ass. Donna's mouth swirled around my prickmeat.

I came a few seconds later.  Jesse kept pumping as she kept shooting, my
asshole and my cock were on fire! When was she going to stop cumming? Both
Donna and Jesse just kept exploding, I was in heaven . Finally Donna's
cock slipped out of my mouth and Donna let up on her cock sucking. Jesse
collapsed on top of me, as she slowly removed her cock I felt her jism
trickle out my over worked asshole. She fell off to the side, and as tired
as I was I slid over and rested in her arms with my face buried between
her tits. The last thing I remembered was looking at the clock and seeing
12:00, and thinking that we started this frenzy of fabulous sex at noon.
We all just lay there in bed, exhausted, spent and very well fucked. As I
lie between Donna and Jesse, we slowly drifted off to sleep.

Bzzzzzzzz. The alarm clock buzzed. Jesse reached over turned it off. We
all laid there for a few minutes in each others arms, and finally Donna
crawled out and headed for the shower. My chest was crusty with dried cum
on it, and I could see that she had flakes of dried cum on her too.

"Wanna save some time", Jesse asked.

I knew what she had in mind. So we climbed out of bed and headed toward
the bathroom too. There was a huge hot-tub type shower with about 4 shower
heads, certainly big enough for three. Donna started the shower up,
climbed in disappearing into the clouds of steam. Jesse and I followed. We
soaped each other up and scrubbed our own cum off of each others body.
Donna snuck  over and gave me and Jesse a nice gentle kiss. "I had dreams
of last night, I have to admit that you are the first who didn't gag
sucking on my cock" Donna stated to me. "I think that we have time for one
quick round" Jesse agreed.

Immediately Donna got on her knees and put my limp cock in her mouth,
balls and all. Donna swirled her tongue on my cockhead causing me to
shutter. As the hot shower sprayed on my back I could feel my morning piss
hard-on begin to relax. "I've gotta piss real bad ", I said. "Donna
wouldn't mind if you pissed in her mouth" Jesse said sweetly. Donna looked
up with knowing approval. Surprised but not unintrigued by the idea I
obliged her. Slowly at first a few drops and then a steady stream of hot
pissy fluid flowed as Donna placed her mouth over the base of my cock.
"Slowly" she said between swallows, "I don't want to spill a drop".

Once again I continued to drain my mancock into her lusty, greedy mouth.
My cock began to rise to the occasion, as I swelled, she let my balls back
out, then started sucking me real gently. Her hands on my ass pushing my
cock in and out of her mouth. She drained my meat of its piss swallowing
deeply and urgently. I could see that her cock was stiffening with her
lust. "Fuck my mouth" Donna said between gasps.

Jesse soaped up her cock and began soaping up my asshole. As Jesse's cock
grew I spread my cheeks for her entry. Her cock eased its way into me
probing deep into my bowels. I began pumping my cock in and out of Donna's
mouth. I was doing the work, she was just letting her lips rub up and down
my cock. Jesse gently moved her dick in and out of my hole. I felt Donna's
feathery touch of her lips pass over my cock head and all the way back
down my shaft. Faster and harder I pumped her mouth. Within minutes I
shot. Spurting juices in.

She did not swallow, but kept her mouth tightly shut as I finished
shooting. Donna stood up and placed her cum filled mouth on Jesse's mouth.
Their tongues intertwined and little rivulets of my cum ran down their
chins.

Donna laid back on the edge of the hot-tub on her back and spread her legs
in invitation to Jesse. I lathered up Jesse's cock and Donna's asshole
with soap. Jesse pushed her cock right into Donna's hot little ass. All
the time Donna's cock getting solid and real hard. After Jesse had pumped
Donna's ass for a while, I plunged Donna's cock into my mouth. Not slowly,
but all in one movement I took it all in. The sensation returned of her
cock rubbing the walls of my throat. I loved it. I sucked slowly but hard.
And as I sped up the action and sucked lighter. Donna started lifting her
hips toward me with each stroke of my lips.

Jesse began to fuck Donna with an urgency that could only mean that Jesse
was near her own orgasm. Jesse's and Donna's breathing picked up, and just
as quickly Donna grabbed my head and fucked my face hard. In just a few
minutes both she and Jesse shot their loads. Jesse was bucking like she
was on a wild horse, "Ummmm, ummm, ohhh" she cried. Donna started cumming
in the same instant. She shot and screamed out in short little breaths
"Ahhhh, ahhhh, ohhh" When she stopped cumming I just held her cock deep in
my throat, savoring her thick salty cum.

The hot steamy water ran over us as we lay in the bath. We began kissing
and cuddling each other . Jesse whispered something in Donna's ear and
then said to me "We think that this little lust-fest has serious
potential. Will you live with us for a while?" At first I didn't know how
to respond, I thought this was just a hot sequence of events. I didn't
think Donna and Jesse liked me as well as they liked each other, but I
hadn't done this before either. I decided that it was worth a shot, My
apartment really sucked anyway, especially without a roommate.

It turns out that Donna, Jesse and I really liked more than just "Fun in
bed', and we still have great times together at work, which just proves
how exciting a dress shop job can be.

(To be continued............)
--
