TOTAL SLAVERY



 I was sound asleep when I felt my Master's rope brush my skin. My mind,
 thick and still engaged in a dream, barely registered what my wrists
 already knew: that my Master had bound them tightly together, starting
 with the fingertips, so that my hands were forced into the position of a
 Hindu at prayer.

 By the time I forced my eyes open, my Master had coiled the rope around my
 waist and was now threading the rope between my thighs and pulling it up
 hard. Then he pulled my wrists up to my neck, and used the rope to make a
 collar. He bound my wrists firmly to this rope collar, then pulled the
 rope back down and once again bound my waist.

 In this position, lying on my back in bed, I could not move my hands at
 all without causing the rope at my neck to grow tight or pulling the rope
 that now rubbed into my labia. As helplessly gazed up at my Master, he
 reached into his pocket and pulled out a knife.

 Then, delicately, carefully, deliberately, silently, he began to cut away
 the sheer nightgown and silk panties I still had on. First he cut holes
 for my breasts, and gripping the nipples, pulled the swollen tits through.
 Then he sliced off the silk around my shaven cunt, and exposed my bare
 lips. Pulling on the rope, which caused me to whimper, he flipped me onto
 my stomach. And then he cut open a large hole in the back, to expose the
 pale cheeks of my ass.

 My bound hands secured to the center of my chest forced my tits to stick
 to the sides, so my Master could see my nipples even as he worked on my
 ass.

 I heard him walk away from the bed, and called out to him.

 There was no answer.

 Again, I cried out, "Master!"

 When he finally returned, the first thing he said was, "Why are you making
 so much noise!"

 And with that he gripped my hair in his hands, jerked up my head, and
 stuck a pair of my panties in my mouth. Then he took one of my leather
 belts, and secured it around my head, to keep the gag in place.

 "Stick your ass up in the air, but keep your forehead on the bed," he
 instructed, and I quickly complied. I pulled my knees up underneath me
 chest, hoisting my exposed ass into the air.

 I felt my Master rubbing my ass slowly, warming it up, then he spanked me
 fast 30 times. With one hand he spread my buttocks apart: with the other
 he inserted an enema tube.

 Beneath my gag I was crying out and squealing with fear. I had only had an
 enema once before and had nearly died of fright. That time he had been
 kind. But this time, he obviously had different plans. I trembled and
 wriggled as he worked.

 "If you move again," said my Master, "I will increase this enema to 4
 quarts."

 I held still as best I could then, my heart pounding furiously. I felt the
 warm fluid flood my insides. I felt my complete helplessness and my
 nakedness. There I knelt, forehead down, my ass in the air, my tits
 hanging down, my buttocks spread, my shaved pussy lips exposed, except for
 the rope which pressed against my clit. My Master seemed amused.

 As the soapy water emptied into my bowels, he reached his free hand around
 to tug at the rope, to pinch my nipples, to swat my ass, and stick fingers
 into my mouth.

 At last, I had taken all the fluid my Master planned for me. Now, I
 wondered, what would happen next! I'm still lying in bed! How will I ever
 get to the bathroom in time? And what about this rope?!

 My Master simplified things. The second he pulled out the nozzle from my
 throbbing asshole, he replaced it with a small, vibrating buttplug. I
 screamed into my gag. But it made no difference: my scream was virtually
 inaudible.

 With my asshole plugged up, and my interior dying to release the
 accumulated fluids, my Master put his arm around my waist and began
 massaging my clit: then he began to spank me. His smacks were so hard that
 at moments I thought he would send the buttplug flying straight out of me.
 And I knew that if I lost control--if I shit without my Master's
 permission--there would be hell to pay.

 My Master's spanks were so hard I thought my skin was on fire. My bottom
 was burning and I felt my temperature rise.

 But at last, my Master finished, and turned me over again onto my back. He
 stared into my eyes for a few moments, as I blushed. And I tried to beg
 him with my eyes. My eyes said, "Please, Master, please, Master, PLEASE."

 "Please what," he said, reading my mind.

 "Please," I thought, "please, no more, please, no more of this, please let
 me shit."

 "Would you like to shit, little girl?" he asked, smiling broadly.

 I nodded my head at him.

 "Oh, you would, would you," he said. "But, you see, I have other things in
 mind."

 He reached into his black silk and suede bag and removed a pair of nipple
 clips he had instructed me to buy. I hated these clamps, which had fat
 black rubber tips that clung tenaciously to my tender nipples. He attached
 them to me, tightening the screws, till I squirmed and moaned into my gag.

 Then he reached down again and removed a 20" rubber, doubled-ended dildo.
 I had never understood why he made this particular purchase, imagining he
 intended to put one end in me, another in some slave he had yet to
 acquire. I watched as he lubricated one end with KY-gel. Then he dipped
 the other end into a dark jar.

 He took his knife from his pocket and now destroyed every trace of fabric,
 half cutting and half ripping the rags off of me. Then he gripped the rope
 and pulled it to the side, exposing my throbbing clit. He slapped my
 thighs and tore them apart, then introduced the lubricated head of the
 dildo between my pussy lips. At first, it could barely go in, it was so
 large, and my cunt is so tight.

 My Master began rubbing it against my clit, teasingly, then spanking me
 between the legs, then rubbing it against the butt plug, which would shift
 against the strain of my bowels. Then my Master reached between my legs.

 "Why do you suppose you're so wet, little girl?" he asked, in a cool,
 serious tone of voice.

 I couldn't respond but my hips trembled and shook, and my Master pushed
 the dildo up inside me as I panted into my gag.

 Then Master undid the belt and pulled the panties out--only to replace
 them with the other end of the cock. He pinched my nostrils, forcing me to
 gasp and open my mouth, then stuck the fat head of the dildo between my
 teeth. I tasted...chocolate! My Master had dipped the head of the cock in
 a jar of chocolate sauce.

 "Now, suck," said my Master, leaning back to watch.

 And so I sucked: with the butt plug up my ass, 2 quarts of soapy liquid
 and shit creating a terrible pressure in my bowels, trussed like a slave
 about to be sold, with nipple clamps pinching my oversensitive swollen
 nipples and an enormous dildo stuck into my pussy and mouth.

 After obediently sucking and licking on the dildo for several minutes, my
 Master came over and pulled it out of my mouth. He used it to spank my
 sore nipples and breasts.

 "What would you like to say, slave?" he asked.

 "PLEASE, Master," I begged in a craven voice, "PLEASE LET ME SHIT, Master.
 Please, Sir. I beg of You!"

 "Is that all you can think of," he said.

 "No, Master," I confessed, humiliated by the fact that my thighs were
 soaking wet with pussy juices that betrayed my enormous excitement.

 "I didn't think so," he said. "But, never mind," he said, "I'm in a kind
 mood today."

 And, to my amazement, he removed the dildo from my hot vagina and the
 nipple clips and pulled me up to my feet.

 "You have my permission to go," he said.

 Gratefully, I bowed down and kissed his feet, feeling him gaze approvingly
 upon me. Then I asked permission to go relieve myself, and he consented,
 merely stating that I would have to wait for him to remove the butt plug.
 I raced in relief to the bathroom and waited. But, after several minutes,
 he still had not showed up.

 I peeked out of the bathroom. There was no sign of him at all.
 Tentatively, I emerged and headed back towards the bedroom. I caught sight
 of him standing in the middle of the living room.

 "Master?" I timidly asked.

 "I've been waiting for you," he said.

 I looked at him confused...then look down and saw, to my surprise, the
 newest item he had added to his collection. A porcelein chamber pot
 glistened at his feet. As I drew closer, I saw that the pot was extremely
 small. I looked up at him questioningly.

 "Isn't this a nice potty for a little slave like you?" he asked. "From now
 on, this is where you'll be doing all your pissing and shitting. Right out
 here in the open where I can see you!"

 "B-but," I stammered, my face flushed.

 "Do you or don't you want that buttplug removed?" he asked.

 There was no question of that! I felt that my insides would explode if the
 buttplug didn't come out immediately. So, meekly and subserviently, I
 approached.

 "Crawl to me, slave, on your elbows and knees."

 I crawled over as best as I could with my rope harness still on and the
 butt plug inside me.

 Then Master had me position myself much as I'd been in the bedroom, with
 my forehead to the floor and my ass sticking way up in the air. He pushed
 my knees apart with the toes of his leather boots and slowly dislodged the
 butt plug. He took his knife and cut the rope that went between my legs.

 Then he abruptly turned me over and placed me directly on the potty.

 "You're lucky I allow you to sit on the potty," he said, "I had considered
 making you stand while I watched."

 Within seconds, the agonizingly embarrassing noises of my shitting began.
 I could not even look into my Master's face, I was so incredibly
 humiliated. Even more humiliating was the fact that my nipples were wildly
 erect and steely with excitement.

 After a few moments, I thought I was done, and--still trembling--begged my
 Master for permission to get up. He immediately agreed and I stood up, so
 relieved to be out of that humiliating situation. But, as soon as I got
 up, another cramp invaded my bowels, and I had to go again. So, I once
 again begged my Master for permission.

 He had just given me his permission when, to my horror, the downstairs
 bell rang. My Master rarely invites visitors. I hoped against hope it was
 only the mailman with a package, which he would drop at the front door. My
 Master left me sitting on the potty, and went to deal with it. After
 several minutes, I heard another man's voice, then some laughter, and a
 slamming door.

 I was sure it had been a delivery and waited for my Master to return so
 that I could get up, since I was sure I had finished shitting this time
 for good.

 My Master walked in. Behind him was a friend of his whom I had met only
 once before at a party. I was not aware that this friend knew anything
 about my slavery to my Master. I did know that the friend had been
 extremely flirtatious with me, however, and that I had snubbed him in a
 casual, but cold, way.

 When his friend saw me, he examined me with his eyes. I felt his gaze burn
 into my nipples, and follow my belly down to my naked, shaved labia.

 "Have you finished shitting yet," asked my Master.

 I gulped and turned deep crimson, uncertain I could speak.

 "Well, have you," asked my Master.

 "Yes," I peeped, utterly debased.

 "Then I guess I will have to clean you off, won't I?" said my Master.

 This was something I had not even considered!

 "Get up off the potty," said my Master, "and crawl to me."

 I did as he commanded, trying hard not to look at his friend.

 But just as I reached his feet, the most awful thing happened.

 Once again, my bowels cramped up. Once again that urgent sensation
 possessed me. I gazed up desperately, determined however, not to give in
 to my need.

 But it was to no avail. My Master immediately recognized my dilemma.

 "Get back to the potty," he commanded, "and this time, you will SQUAT
 above it till you're done."

 I went back and prayed that somehow I could stop my sphincter from
 performing its natural function. I helplessly squatted a foot above the
 potty. My skin literally crawled from mortefication. The two men began
 talking congenially, but I was conscious that both were watching me from
 the corners of their eyes. At last, I could not hold out any longer, and I
 began to shit again.

 As I did so, my Master's friend began studying me. This time, everything
 was visible. My helpless bottom stuck out below my open pussy lips as I
 squatted with my knees and ankles splayed.

 "But you know what," my Master said, as if picking up the thread of an
 ongoing conversation, "it makes her excited to shit like that, on a potty
 in front of two Masters. You know how I know?"

 The other man inclined his head. My Master pushed a finger under the rope
 and started toying with my cunt.

 "Because her pussy is so wet. Here, feel it."

 His friend came over and touched me as well. The two men stood above me,
 each taking turns at sticking their fingers between my pussy lips, and
 grazing my clit, as I helplessly shit into the potty at their feet. I knew
 there was nothing I could do to prevent them from using me in this way. I
 knew I was utterly helpless before my Lord and Master. I knew that however
 he chose to play with me, I was his to play with. And if it amused him to
 excite me by subjecting me to the cruelest of humiliations, I knew that
 there was no protest I could make.

 The combination of these sensations and ideas was making me so excited, I
 simply didn't know what to do. I was trembling and squirming, and now I
 began to moan and whimper at the incredible humiliation and excitement I
 felt. Suddenly, I started to lose control of my excitement...I could sense
 my clit swelling and I started to give in to the wave after wave of
 intense lust that possessed me.

 My orgasm started mounting, and I panted and whimpered loudly. My Master
 and his friend watched me as I came, my face bright with embarrassment
 because I was so horny that I couldn't help myself.

 Then my Master said, "You're done shitting for now, I see. Well, then,
 it's time to clean you off."

 And with that, he picked me up off the potty straight onto my knees. Then
 he and his friends returned to their chairs and he commanded me to crawl
 to his friend. By now, one would think that I had reached the limits of my
 embarrassment, but, on the contrary, each new humiliation was making me
 even more excited, and even more ashamed. I was profoundly aware of how my
 dirty ass, sticking up in the air, wiggled as I crawled.

 When I reached his friend, I heard the men laugh, and then nearly died
 with shame to realize that it would be his friend who'd clean me off. I
 was ordered to offer his friend my ass and press my forehead to the ground
 so that he would have a good view of the terrain. Then he worked
 vigorously, scraping my asshole till it burned.

 Suddenly, my Master was beside us. My Master removed his knife again and
 cut my wrists free from my neck, leaving them bound together but now
 pulling them up over my head. He took the double-headed dildo and put it
 inside me. It slid in easily this time. Then he pulled the other end and
 again stuck it into my mouth.

 I looked entirely ridiculous and helpless.

 My Master merely laughed and pulled me, just like that, onto his knee and
 started spanking me and spanking me, harder and harder, each stroke like a
 whip wounding my flesh. As I rolled in his lap, the dildo dug inside me,
 and again I began to swoon in lust and submission, desire and frenzy, and
 began screaming with ecstasy over and over as I reached higher and higher
 and higher peaks.

 But before I could achieve full orgasm, my Master roughly pushed me back
 onto my feet and commanded me to scamper over to his friend. I hurried, my
 eyelids lowered, conscious of my tits bouncing uncontrollably as I took
 those tiny, ridiculous, scampering steps. As I ran I could feel my wet
 thighs glide against each other, and the dildo hanging out of me.

 When I reached the other Master, he immediately set to pinching me:
 tweaking my nipples hard, pinching my ass, pinching my labia and my
 thighs, till I began to squeal at each pinch, and tears sprang to my
 eyes.  Then he grabbed the free end of the dildo and began forcing it up
 into my ass. He stepped back to stare at me, and started spanking my tits
 with firm swats.

 "So, you little bitch, you thought you could snub me!" he murmurred.  "You
 thought I didn't know that you were a slave!"

 He reached into his pocket and removed a rolled up a cat o'nine, uncurling
 its lashes, and spinning it in the air.

 Suddenly, I felt the lashes fall across my tits. He began rapidly beating
 my breasts with the cat, till narrow streaks of red appeared. Then he
 turned me around and started flicking the cat across my back and my
 buttocks, till the stinging once more made me cry out.

 Now I was facing my Master, who suddenly said,

 "Get down on the floor and crawl over here!"

 I did as he said, relieved to crawl away from the blows of the other
 Master.

 My Master extended his hand down to my ass, and pulled out the dildo from
 my asshole. Then he said,

 "Start kissing my feet, and reach behind and pull the cheeks of your ass
 apart so that my friend has complete access to your asshole for his
 pleasure."

 Breathing heavily, I obeyed my Master, and began kissing his beloved feet
 submissively.  I gingerly reached behind to separate my swollen and raw
 cheeks, and thus exposed, waited fearfully.  I heard the sound of a
 zipper unzip, and felt the second Master approach and start pushing his
 cock inside me.

 Above my head, I heard my Master open his fly, and then he grabbed me by
 the hair and raised my lips up to his lap, where his stiff cock waited
 for its due.

 "Get going!" he growled softly, and I quickly wrapped my mouth around his
 cock, and lapped it slavishly.

 As I sucked my Master's cock, I felt the other Master fuck me up the ass,
 and I felt his fingers pinching and playing with my sensitive clit till
 I squirmed and writhed frantically beneath him. Meanwhile, my Master,
 who still gripped my hair in one hand, used his other hand to pinch my
 nipples and spank me all over.

 Thus enslaved to two Masters, completely humiliated, forced into
 total obedience, and subjected to all manners of painful punishment, I
 felt myself climbing to wave after wave of orgasm.
