~Subject: TSSS ch. 4, pt. 1 (mf, ff, teen,incest)
~From: an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                          * * * * * * * *
                     TEACHER'S SUMMER SEX SCHOOL
                         by James Wellington

                        CHAPTER 4 -- part 1

      The girls went home after that. We first took a shower together
      to wash off the side effects of our sexual escapades, taking turns
      soaping each others' bodies. Even that was a lot of fun; the girls
      seemed to enjoy it, and I couldn't seem to keep my hands off their
      delightfully firm, young bodies. The two teenage girls got dressed
      and said they'd like to come over tomorrow, if that was OK. I
      didn't hesitate very long before I said fine.
      As they were slipping on their panties, Michelle asked if there
      was something 'special' I'd like them to wear when they came over
      tomorrow. We'd had fun experimenting with wearing sexy clothes, so
      I thought for a minute and told them to wear their tightest jeans
      without panties and definitely no bras. Maybe some kind of light
      colored blouse or top that was almost see-through.
      The girls giggled and said they thought they could come up with
      something, but Michelle said I'd have to wear the same thing: my
      tightest jeans without underwear and one of my tank-top style
      undershirts. The girls were getting creative.

      The next morning I was thinking about ways to make the afternoon
      a little different when the girls came over. I decided that we'd be
      in the bedroom just for a change of scenery from the day before.
      Also, we'd be closer together and, maybe, all three of us could get
      involved in more activities together. As it was, I found out that
      the girls had some ideas of their own.
      The two junior high school girls looked very young, pretty, and
      extremely sexy that afternoon as they slipped their shoes off once
      inside the apartment door. Both were wearing what we used to call
      'skin tight' jeans, the kind that showed every crease and fold of
      their slender, taut bodies. The crotch of their jeans seemed to be
      riding up into their clefts, and between their legs the round
      mounds of their pussies could be easily seen, separated by the
      little valley of their pussy slits. They looked wonderful.

      The girls said with an eager smile that, by wearing the jeans
      without panties underneath, the pressure on their clits made them
      hot and wet just walking across the parking lot. They laughed and
      said it felt so good they'd probably never wear panties with tight
      jeans again. They each also wore matching thin, white, button front
      sleeveless shirts. Through the virtually see-through material, I
      could easily see the swell of each thirteen-year-old girl's little
      breasts and the darker, dime-size spots of their nipples pressing
      against the fabric.

      Seeing the two sexy junior high school girls dressed that way,
      of course, made my cock really hard, and both of the girls saw the
      big bulge in the front of the tight jeans I was wearing, too.
      Together they walked over to me. Michelle put her hand around my
      neck and tilted her warm mouth up to mine, letting her tongue slide
      into my mouth in a long, wet, passionate kiss. At the same time the
      bold thirteen-year-old girl reached down with her other hand and
      cupped by erection, lightly stroking her fingers along it's length
      and squeezing my cock through my pants.
      She held herself against me for a few seconds, pressing her
      firm, slender body against me as our tongues slipped in and out of
      each others' mouths. Her little fingers caressed my hardness
      through my jeans, then she backed away.
      Immediately, Robyn took her place, pulling my mouth to hers as
      her slippery tongue searched the insides of my mouth. Her hand,
      too, reached down to cup and caress my hard cock through my pants.



      After a moment she pulled away, though she seemed reluctant to move
      her hand away from my crotch.
      Michelle spoke first. "We just wanted to say thanks for what
      you've been teaching us. You've opened a whole new world to us and
      we're glad we're so young so we can enjoy the things you've taught
      us for a long time."
      "Yeah," said Robyn, "I'm really glad you let me get involved."
      "Hey, girls," I said, "we've only just begun (to quote a song).
      Speaking of which, where do we begin?"
      The girls looked at each other, a private message passing
      between them. Robyn said, "Let's sit down somewhere and we'll tell
      you about last night."
      I know I looked puzzled, but Michelle took me by the hand and
      led me to the bedroom saying, "Come on, it'll be fun. You'll see."

      In the bedroom I suggested that we all get topless. I slipped
      off my tank top while the girls unbuttoned their shirts, pulling
      the tails out of their jeans and tossing the shirts on the floor.
      Both of the two junior high school girls had such beautifully
      formed little breasts sitting high up on their slender bodies. They
      looked so sexy as they stood topless in front of me, their young
      tit mounds round, smooth, slightly pointed like two small cones and
      topped with those attractive little pink nipples.
      I found them irresistible, and crossed to each little girl and
      kissed them each again, running my hands over their bare chests,
      cupping their small breasts with the palm of my hand, and using my
      thumbs to play with their already sensitive, hardened little
      nipples. God they were exciting, and I couldn't keep my hands off
      of them as our tongues swirled inside each others' mouths.
      After a minute we all sat down cross legged on the bed, the
      girls next to each other and me opposite, taking in the lovely,
      naked view of the two adorably topless teens.

      Michelle spoke first.
      "Robyn stayed over last night like she's going to do the rest of
      the week. I've got a double bed in my bedroom, so when I have
      girlfriends sleep over we sleep together in my bed. After supper we
      sat and talked a long time about yesterday and how good we felt and
      about orgasms and, well, you know... Mom wasn't home yet and Tom
      was out on a date so we could talk about it without anyone hearing
      us or knowing what we were doin'. After a while it got pretty late,
      so we got ready to go to bed."
      "I usually wear panties and a T-shirt when I go to bed," Robyn
      said, joining in. "But, after yesterday, we both decided not to
      wear our panties to bed and just feel kinda naked. I guess we were
      still pretty horny after yesterday, and then talking about it last
      night and stuff."
      Michelle continued. "So, we got undressed and put on our
      T-shirts without anything else. They both hung down to just below
      our butts. Robyn looked really sexy walking around the apartment
      like that, and I guess I did, too. Anyway, it felt pretty sexy
      walking around not wearing anything underneath. We turned off the
      light and got into bed. It was pretty hot outside so we laid on top
      of the sheets and didn't use any covers. The windows were open and
      the room was pretty light from the security lamps on top of the
      buildings."
      "We still talked about the afternoon," said Robyn, "and how good
      your mouth and tongue felt on our pussies. Michelle said how fun it
      was to use her finger on me while you were eating me out." She
      sounded a little embarrassed. "... and she said that my pussy juice
      tasted kinda funny at first. I told her I'd tasted hers a little
      after she'd gotten fucked, but I didn't get enough to really know
      how it tasted. She asked me if I'd like to try a little more and
      see how I'd like it and I asked her how. She said I could use my
      finger on her like she used on me and get her wet, then I could



      lick my fingers and get a good taste. I said OK."
      "Michelle laid on her back and pulled her T-shirt up to her
      belly. I got up on my knees beside her and bent over. I ran my hand
      over her bare belly, and she spread her legs a little wider so I
      could run my hand over her mound and down between her legs. I used
      my middle finger on her slit, like you did to me. I slowly wriggled
      my finger back and forth across her slit so her outer lips started
      to open. The inside of her pussy lips felt warm but it was kinda
      dry at first. It felt good, didn't it?" she said proudly to
      Michelle.
      "It felt really good," Michelle replied.
      Robyn continued, her excitement growing. "I could feel a little
      wetness but knew I'd have to do more if I was to get her really
      wet, so I pushed my finger down into her pussy...into her hole,
      like you did to us. Then, I brought it out and pushed it back in.
      I guess I was finger-fucking her. I really liked doing it; it made
      me feel good, too. Michelle seemed to like it because her pussy
      started to get really wet and slippery and she started to breath
      real loud and heavy. After a while I put my first two fingers
      together and did her like that...."
      "It felt really good," Michelle joined in, " and seemed
      especially good 'cause I knew it was another girl doing it. That
      made it special. Then, I figured why the hell should Robyn have all
      the fun, so I put my hand between her legs. She was kneeling next
      to me and her knees were apart so I lifted my hand between her legs
      and started to feel her up, too. I ran my fingers over her cunt and
      through her pussy hair. She was already wet from the excitement of
      finger-fucking me, I guess. I slid my middle finger into her pussy,
      like you did to me, and started moving it in and out just like she
      was doing. It felt good finger-fucking another girl. God, I was
      gettin' horny."

      I could tell the girls were getting hot telling me this story.
      Their little nipples stuck out from the tips of their breasts like
      tiny pink missiles waiting to take off. "God," I said, "that sounds
      really sexy."
      "Wait," said Robyn getting more excited as she told her story,
      "there's more. So, I had two fingers up Michelle's pussy and she
      had a couple up mine and we were goin' at it like that. Well, I
      figured it was time to taste her juice, so I put my fingers in my
      mouth and licked them clean. It was kinda tangy at first, but the
      more I licked it off the more I liked the taste. Michelle was doing
      the same thing. She'd taken her fingers out of me and was licking
      them, too. She looked up at me and said, 'Turn around and kneel
      over my face'."
      "I knew right away what she wanted to do, and I was willing to
      give it a try. I lifted one knee over her so I was facing toward
      her feet and backed up a little. I felt her hands on my legs
      guiding me back, then pushing my knees out slightly so I would
      lower myself down onto her mouth. God, I'll never forget what it
      felt like. The first lick of her tongue sent shivers through my
      body. I felt the warm, wet movement as she licked the length of my
      slit, front to back and back to front. God, it felt so great. I was
      gettin' so wet I could feel my pussy juices starting to run down
      the inside of my legs. Her tongue kept moving, sometimes around the
      edge of my pussy lips, sometimes pushing deep inside, and sometimes
      just making big licks along the length of my slit. I felt like
      electricity was jolting my body with each lick."
      "I knew Michelle was getting hot doing it to me so I thought I'd
      do her, too. I bent over a little and spread her legs apart. She
      pulled her knees up a little and then opened wide, exposing her
      cunt. I laid down on top of her, pushing myself back a little so I
      could keep her tongue in my pussy, and I started to lick her slit
      like she was doing to me. I liked the taste of her juice; it was
      almost sweet. I licked around the edges of her mound on the soft

      skin in the crease of her thighs, making little circles with my
      tongue. Then, I pushed my tongue down into her hole as far as it
      could go and swirled it around, just like kissing someone. I opened
      my mouth and gently chewed on her pussy lips while my tongue was
      moving deep inside her. I could hear her start to moan a little and
      I did, too. God, it felt so good."
      The two horny little girls had started to use their hands on
      each other as they continued to tell their story. It had started
      with Robyn putting her hand on Michelle's leg and slowly moving it
      back and forth while she talked. Soon, they both had a hand busy
      petting each other between the legs, sometimes pushing the edge of
      their hands into the slight valley created by their pubic mounds,
      adding to the stimulation of their story. Their hard little nipples
      seemed to grow darker and more pink as the tale unfolded. Listening
      to their sexy story and watching the two kids rub each others'
      cunts was turning me on, too, and I couldn't help stroking the lump
      in my pants.
      "You know how you used your fingers on me?" Michelle said,
      looking at me. "I thought I'd try it on Robyn. Her pussy juice
      tasted so good I couldn't lap it up fast enough. Both of my arms
      were underneath her legs so it was easy to bring them around over
      her back. I pulled the cheeks of her ass apart and licked her
      crack, especially around her asshole. She moaned really loud when
      I did that. When it was slippery I started pushing my middle finger
      into her ass, like you showed me. I licked around it as I was
      pushing it in so there'd be plenty of wetness to make it slide in
      easier. It took a minute to get past the opening but then it slid
      in easily all the way up. I felt so...naughty...so sexy licking her
      pussy and finger-fucking her asshole at the same time. God, it was
      fun."
      "Did she like it?" I asked, already guessing the answer.
      "Like it? Christ, I couldn't keep her quiet. I thought she'd
      wake the whole fucking apartment building, the way she was moanin'
      and stuff. I kept my finger buried in her ass and started to lick
      her cunt again. Robyn must've had the same idea because she was
      using her fingers on my pussy, shoving them in and out, making
      little circles on my clit with the tips. Sometimes, I'd feel her
      tongue fucking me, sometimes her fingers. I pushed my tongue deep
      inside her and wriggled it around while I moved my finger in and
      out of her ass. God, we were making a lot of noise; the squishing
      wet sounds of our licking and our moans were getting pretty loud.
      I was glad mom and Tom weren't home.

      "I came first," smiled Robyn proudly. "It was just too good to
      last much longer. The feel of Michelle's tongue up my pussy and her
      finger going in and out of my asshole felt so good. I stopped
      eating Michelle and pushed back a little trying to get Michelle's
      whole finger up my ass. Then, I pulled myself forward a little,
      letting it slide out, then back and forth about a dozen times,
      kinda butt-fucking myself on her finger. God, it was great. The
      heat from the friction of her finger in my tight asshole made my
      whole crotch hot and dripping. I felt my orgasm building up first
      from by butt, then to my pussy, then all over my body. Then, this
      jolt of incredible pleasure and warmth exploded in my head. I think
      I yelled out because Michelle told me later that if I cum that hard
      again I'll have to bite down on something to keep myself quiet. My
      body just shivered with the feeling of cumming. It was really
      good."
      "I felt her start to cum, too," said Michelle. "My arms were
      around her and my finger was stuck up her ass so I just held on a
      little tighter. Her cunt had lots of juice when she came so I just
      kept licking her. She relaxed after a minute, then she put her
      mouth back over my cunt to bring me off. I kept my finger in her
      ass but laid my head back to enjoy my orgasm. She was using her
      fingers to open my pussy lips wide and running her tongue around
      the pink inside of my outer lips. She centered her tongue on my
      clitoris and made quick little licks pushing down hard. I felt my



      orgasm coming and just relaxed to enjoy it. When it hit, my whole
      body went tense and I squeezed my legs together trapping Robyn's
      head between my legs. She said later she thought I was going to
      squeeze her to death."
      Both the girls laughed. They had obviously enjoyed telling me
      the story. Their hands that used to caress each others' pussies got
      faster and rubbed harder the more they talked. I'll bet the crotch
      of those tight jeans were pretty wet by this time. I know I had an
      incredibly hard cock that needed some relief.
