"It smells down here...on the floor."  I thought to myself.
"You wouldn't know, of course, because you only walk on it"

It really isn't too bad though....its cool and the little pad
for my knees as I kneel in front of the treatment chair is
soft enough.  Anyway, maybe the smell is really coming from
the juices of what I lovingly sucked a few minutes ago.  She
was delicious!  And, since my mistress enjoys her gossip, I
got a whole half hour to enjoy those thick pussy lips.  She
really did enjoy it when I stuck my tongue down low and
gently lapped up the juices.  The sudden thrust of the her
hips squashing that big wet pussy into my face made my
mistress quip "Enjoy that too much...and it'll cost you
another $10."  Then let go a throaty chuckle as my "feast"
gave a moan...then a long drawn out sigh.

My mistress knows I enjoy every drop of jism I can lap up and
she gets a kick out of watching the new customers try not to
show their excitment as I first carefully tickle the outside
of their pussy with my harden tongue.  I know it sends little
shocks to the sensoury nerves but feels good...I can feel
that tasty flower swelling in size and just at the right
moment I run my tongue up the center to break the seal and
the tender inside is wet..warm and soft; ready for laving and
kissing.

"Mistress....I'm getting horny again," I thought.  "I hope
the one-o'clock is on time." I eye the clock which shows five
minutes to wait.

I am pretty comfortable during my wait....my hands have been
left free for the last three customers.  This is really good
as I can use them to caress the inside of the thighs or to
part those choclate "buns" stretching the anus and adding to
the sensations.  Probably the only odd sensation I feel is
the fullness in my ass where a large buttplug resides pushing
up hard in my dark tunnel when I sit back on my feet.  Its
not unpleasant...and sometimes when one of those nice hung
transexuals gets their hair done....they pull that black plug
out and fill the gaping hole with a thrusting love muscle for
their big climax.  That trick usually costs them at least
$30....and if they want me to lick them clean its $50.  They
can't resist the latter.....and the different tastes add zest
to my pallette.

My mistress does well.  She only takes three or four
customers a day.  There is always a waiting list.  I wonder
why?  I come on duty about 11 oclock and finish working about
3.  We've talked it over and thats the best time.  People
seem more relaxed and ready for treatment.  Besides their
crotches have taken on the true smell of an excited female.

I am kneeling in front of a very comfortable armed chair.
The back is adjustable so that my mistress sits on a stool
behind and either brushes their hair or massages their scalp
during our little treatment.  This is not a true beauty
parlor chair...they are in the next room.  This is a relaxing
chair.

Now, if a person were to sit in it properly, it would be
highly uncomfortable.  The seat is really a big "U" shape
similar to a toilet seat.  The center back is slightly
indented with a padded small hump just before the cut-out.
This keeps the customer from sliding into nothing.  There are
foot rests on each front leg which can be adjusted.  And,
when the chair back is lowered, the body is comfortably
propped so that I can do my duty.  I almost forgot a
delightful addition I asked mistress to do to the chair.
That back lip in the seat....it is shaped so that as the
customer (particularly those who have large asses) bears
down, the ass parts much like a toilet seat.  This gives me
easier access to that rosebud.

OOOOOOh...I just remembered the 11 o'clock.  Now she is one
who likes all the sensations that go with an ass and pussy
massage.  When I am working on that puckered ass she really
bears down making that rose so inviting that I enclose it
with my lips and roll my tongue around it and begin to suck.
At that sensation she pushes out as if to give me a big turd.
She says it makes her feel so horny when she knows I will
take anything she gives me.  "One of these days, my pet, you
will get it all and you will savour it!"

There have been times that I have tasted...just tasted, mind
you....some of her savoury delights. And she knows it.  When
she is ready to leave she gives me a wink and asks in a low
breathy voice, "Did you get my little savoury today...pet?"

I hear the door bell ring.  My mistress greets the customer
and I recognize the voice.  My heart quickens and my prick
stiffens.  This is a very close friend of my mistress and she
only comes for a massage, licking and sometimes to stay and
play with us.  This may be a long afternoon.

"How is my little lapping slutty dog today?" she chuckles as
they enter the room.  She reaches down and grabs the exposed
end of the buttplug and gives it a shove in.  It is
uncomfortable but I push into it and she laughs.  "Has he had
his share tube steak yet today?" She asks.

Mistress answers, smiling, "Not today.  Kitty...you know the
trans bitch with 9 inches....cancelled.  She loves to get it
hard then work it in his ass, making sure its coated good,
then having him suck her off.  Our little slutty dog really
goes crazy when she pulls that black muscle out, relaxes back
in the chair and pulls his head onto it as it throbs for
attention and she demands SUCK ...YOU LITTLE WHORE!"

"Hmmmmmm....I would love to see that," the customer answers a
little dreamily.  "Maybe I can " spice" up this little slut's
afternoon with something savoury," she continued with an
arched eybrow and a wicked grin.

That look and comment sent little pangs of excitement and
dread.  This indeed was an inventive woman who was capable of
the most bizarre act without thinking it abnormal.  Since I
was arroused and my small prick fully erect, the customer
reached down curved her fingers around it and slid it up and
down a few times; chuckling.  Taking her hand away she
offered it for my tongue to lick the pre-cum from her
fingers.  I must tell you that I am not allowed to handle
myself unless a customer wants to watch me masterbate.

This woman enjoys her time here.  She always strips naked
before treatment and slips into a short satin belted robe
sometimes leaving on her crotchless panties.  However, today
she slipped off a pair of cotten panties and playfully came
over rubbing them around my nose.  They had the right scent
of sweat, piss, shit and excitment that had me responding
with a small, "Hmmmmmmmmmmmm."  She gigled like a school girl
and drew the panties away and tossed them in the corner.

I hadn't noticed until now that my mistress had shed her
clothes and was cupping her breasts, pinching the nipples. It
didn't take much for them to standout.  She sat on the stool
and motioned lazily for her friend to come.  The chair was
laid back.  As her friend placed herself on the seat,
carefully adjusting herself to get the full effect of the
seat lip, she laid back with her head resting just below my
mistress's full breasts.  I could readily see this was going
to be some session.

Mistress leaned over her friend, allowing those breasts to
almost smoother her, and began rubbing and tweaking her
smaller but rounded tits.  She murrmurred softly, "Do you
really want to let your hair down today?"  She lovingly
played with the small silver rings in her friends
nipples...gently pulling them...twisting them and softly
rubbing fingers around them.

As soon as our customer was satisfied with her seating, I
began adjusting the foot bars to ensure a comfortable angle
to support later pleasures.  This woman was fine.  Pure dark
chocolate with a smallish frame, pendulous rounded breasts
full hips and slender dancer legs.  I can tell you from
previous experience she had a pussy that was pure delight to
eat.  Large succulant labia lips that distend when excited.
When you are tonguing deep they wrapped around your mouth and
nose in a delicate smoother.  Her clit grows to a sizable pea
and it is fun to wrap my tongue softly around it and nudge it
slightly while lightly sucking it.  This lady doesn't mind
these stronger actions.  I think that she had always been
addicted to oral attention.

My mistress friend was greedily kissing, and licking my
mistress's breasts in return for her tit massage.  She had
already responded between kisses, "I really need this today."
 Then, stretching her neck and running her tongue over
mistress's tummy to her button, plunged it thickly into it
getting a yelp in return.  Mistress straighten and settled
down to massage her friends scalp and looked at me to begin.

I was ready.  Taking my cue from what I saw, I wanted this
session to build.  I began by slowly tonguing the left foot
on top softly lapping from the ankle to the toes and wetly
kissing and sucking as I went.  At the toes, I always enjoy
thickening my tongue and running it down between them.  Then
sucking each toe as if it were a penis.  From the toes the
arche of the foot was next.  Again soft lapping.  I know that
as I approach the arch there are little nervous shocks being
sent but they can quickly turn to pleasure if you relax.

After a few minutes our customer brought her right foot over
and stuck her big toe in my mouth directing me to pay
attention to that one also.

I glanced at my final objective and immediately noticed that
she was already excited.  As she relaxed she deliberately
pushed down in the seat and spread her thighs very wide which
allowed her pussy to open and show the pink treasure.  There
was some whispering between them but I paid no attention as I
was enjoying this to the fullest.

"Don't fool around, cunt lapper!" Mistress commanded, "you
know where you belong."

With that I immediately scooted up between those beautiful
thighs and lightly rimmed the lips of that luscious
garden...that got the response I wanted.

"Oh," she cried with her mouth filled with mistress's nipple.

Mistress got up and came around the side of the chair and
patted my head.  She then swung a leg over the arms of the
chair and half sat with her pussy resting on my head pushing
me further into that soft wet valley.  As she settled down I
could feel something wet on my head then a thick stream of
piss flowed over my head all over that pussy.  It also ran
down the sides of my face and on to where my tongue was busy
lapping.

"This is the first course of this afternoons meal,"  she
gleefully announced, "drink it you piss lover...clean her
pussy good.  Taste the added spice with her fine jism." With
that she dismounted and left the room.

I was too busy sucking, lapping and savouring to notice where
she went.  The moans from the customer were encouraging to my
ears.

She reached down and grabbed the back of head and forced my
mouth and nose low into her pussy and demanded, "LICK YOU
BASTARD...SUCK MY JUICES!"  Grinding my face around her wet
fragant garden, "TASTE THE PISS.  THINK ABOUT WHATS COMING!"
Then she climaxed for the first time.


It must have been almot 10 minutes before mistress returned.
I was busy licking all over our customers crotch to make sure
there was no piss left.  Every few  seconds I would would
lovingly mouth her pussy just to keep her happy.

I was startled when she close by.  "How was the first one, my
sweet," she asked her friend who was playing with mistress's
pussy with her index finger.

"God..I needed that!  I want some more but I have to piss and
shit first and I am to lazy to go."  She stated as she
lightly rubbed the finger along my mistress's pussy lips.
The sound of the words were innocent enough but as I looked
up into those brown eyes the expression was far from it.

"Why dear you have your own toilet slave at your disposal for
just this sort of relaxation.  Little dog, are you ready to
take care of my friends needs a clean her when she is
through?"  She spoke jearingly poking my ass with her foot.

The mental pictures running through my mind gave me strange
sensations of aprehension and excitment.  I had never done
anything like this before and didn't quite know all that was
expected of me.

Mistress reached behind her and picked up a pyrex deep dish
pie pan thrust at me to take.  "I think this might be the
right size for your healthy dump, dear.  Let's see how we are
going to do this to get the best effect.  Our little slut has
not done this before so we will have to break him in right
for the future."

"All I care about right now is to shit!  Preferably in this
dogs face.  If you think he not ready for his full meal what
do you suggest?"

"I know... SLUT, GET ON YOUR BACK IN FRONT OF THE CHAIR!
Hold that plate in case there is too much for you to eat.
Now spread your legs and raise them so I can see your stuffed
ass."  She quickly pulled the buttplug out with a plop and
replaced it with a hefty cock shaped vibrator, turned it on
and began to move in and out.  "Go ahead and squat, dear.
Over his face and pull your cheeks apart so he can get the
full effect of the first turd coming his way.  NOW...TOILET
MOUTH STICK YOUR TONGUE UP THAT BUNG HOLE AND TASTE THE SWEET
CAVIER COMING YOUR WAY!"

Like in a trance I did as she commanded.  I raise my head
slightly touching her rosebud and let this choclate ass
settle down on my mouth while wriggling my tongue up her poop
shoot as far as I could.  My tongue felt it...a slightly hard
substance filling the hole pushing against my tongue.  It had
a strange bitter taste.  Her hole began to widen and her rose
began to blossem as the head of the first turd appeared...and
then dissappear as she caught her breath and relaxed for just
a second.  I licked furiously and she encouraged me by
rubbing her ass on my sucking mouth.

By now I was feeling no apprehension.  Mistress had set up a
nice rhythm for the humming dildo and she was now lightly
playing with my cock stand.

The turd appeared again; and a thick cigar growing out of the
rose.  I almost reached up bit it off

"Take it my little toilet...reach up and suck that cavier
into your mouth!" She encouraged as that dark brown mass grew
in size and hung there.

I just couldn't do it....and I quickly brought the plate up
under her ass so the first sticky lump curled in the pie
plate.  The rest followed in quick succession and the warm
soft coil built up a mighty mass.  Since it was evident I was
not going to be the toilet they had hoped, Mistress had
replace the dildo with the buttplug and rammed it up hard to
make sure I had discomfort.

When the shit stopped, I set the plate aside and just as I
turned my head back to check what was happening.....the
customer let go with a thick stream of piss onto my face and
mistress slammed my ass with a paddle.  As the warm champagne
flowed into my mouth and nose mistress hit me again...and
again...and again.

"YOU GOOD FOR NOTHING TOILET...WE'LL TEACH YOU THAT YOU WILL
RECEIVE WHAT IS GIVEN TO YOU.  GET YOUR MOUTH ON THAT ASS AND
CLEAN IT....TASTE WHAT YOU MISSED.... SAVOUR IT.  YOU WILL
GET MORE TRAINING SUCH AS THIS UNTIL YOU CAN TAKE THE WHOLE
LOAD FOR YOUR MISTRESS!

With that I raised my mouth to that smeared rosebud and began
to lick and suck.  To my suprise it opened quickly and turd
fell into my mouth.  Before I could spit it out....that
smelly soft ass settled on my mouth and ground the rest of
the residue on my face.  All I could do was swallow my first
turd!

"He got one little weeny to chew on."  She laughed.  "Now
clean my ass...good!"

Although I gagged and thought I would throwup, the worst
seemed to be over and I began my licking.
