Archive-name: Violent/tuffgirl.txt
Archive-author: P.M.
Archive-title: Teacher Humiliated By Tough School Girl
 
 
        For the past four years I've taught health education at a racially
mixed high school in Long Island.  I'm 26-years-old, 5'5" and I weigh 135
pounds.  I guess I'm about 10 pounds over weight but I do have 36D boobs and
long, blonde hair and I'm considered attractive.  I've never been interested
in sports or in any physical activities.  You could say I'm a couch potato. In
fact, my ex-husband tried to get me to do sit-ups which I was incapable of
doing.  Rich my husband, says he's always been turned on by soft women, so my
softness is a turn-on to him.
 
        He's always brining Cavalier and Nugget home and we turn-on together
reading the letters and the fights, especially when black girls are beating up
white girls.  As I said, I teach at a racially mixed school and almost all the
fights between black and white students are started and finished by the black
girls.
 
        Up until last year I had never been in a fight in my life but all that
changed the day I had to discipline a girl named Yvette, a 17-year-old, black
student in one of my classes.  She was disturbing the class and I finally had
to have a security guard escort her to the principal's office and she was
suspended from school.
 
        At the end of the school day, I drove home and when I walked to the
front door and had my keys out, a hand shot out and grabbed my upper arm.  My
legs went to jelly as I turned and stood face to face with Yvette.  Her nails
dug deep into my soft arms as pain shot through my body.  She took the key and
opened the door then pushed me ahead of her.
 
        She opened the door behind her and started to scream at me, calling me
every filthy name in the book.  She was like a wild woman and all I could do
was stand helplessly in front of her.  Yvette was my height, but probably
weighed about 115 pounds.  She was wearing a T-shirt and jeans and her arms
appeared to be very strong and wiry.
 
        She walked toward me with a look of hate in her eyes.  I was moving
back towards the bathroom, thinking maybe I could lock myself in when all of a
sudden, she closed the distance between us and slapped me across the face.  I
felt my face redden as tears started to pour down my cheeks.  I truly didn't
know what to do.  My mouth had gotten so dry, I couldn't speak.
 
        Yvette ripped my blouse down, popping my buttons, and ripped off my
bra.  My hand went instinctively to cover my tits, but she grabbed them and
forced them down to my sides.  Then she grabbed my skirt and pulled it up to
my waist pinching my sides.  I stood before her blubbering like a baby.  Then,
just as suddenly as she began her attack, she stopped and backed off.  The
look on her face was so hateful and cruel.  "Bitch, I'm gonna' kick your white
ass and just about kill you!"
 
        She continued to repeat her threats as she slipped off her T-shirt and
jeans.  She wasn't wearing a bra and her hard nipples topped her firm black
tits that stood straight out.  Her legs were thin but not muscular and her ass
looked solid under black lace panties.
 
        Yvette walked over to me and grabbed hold of my skirt, yanking it down
and off me.  I felt ashamed as she yanked me toward her by my hair.  Then she
started slapping me across my face.  Even though I was eight or nine years
older, and 25 pounds heavier, I was completely intimidated by this tough black
bitch.  Her hands grabbed my soft breasts as she pinched and squeezed them
pulling my nipples and slapping them hard.  I tried to hit her but she didn't
seem to even notice my attempts.
 
        One of her hands slid down between my legs and I found myself being
lifted off the floor and thrown down on my back.  Yvette grabbed my ankles and
spread my legs over and behind my head.  She kept me like this for a while
then got up and stood over me.
 
        "Ms. Mason, you fucked me over, now I'm gonna' fuck you up!"  I'll
never forget the look on her face or her words as she stood over me.  "You fat
white cow, I'm gonna' tear your tits off and stuff them up your cunt!  Then
I'm gonna' tear your fat white ass apart and you'll be begging me to stop!"
 
        As Yvette was terrorizing me with her words, I could see that she was
actually getting sexually excited.  With one hand, she was rubbing the crotch
of her panties and her black nipples started getting very erect and firm.
There was a growing wet spot on her panties and a glazed look in her eyes.
 
        Yvette then kneeled down between my legs, still rubbing her own pussy
through her wet pants and with her other hand, she started to play with my
thighs, pinching and twisting the soft flesh.  This started me sobbing again
and as I laid helplessly on the floor she'd give a pull on my pussy hairs
forcing me to cry out in pain.
 
        Then she positioned herself over my body with her face directly above
mine.  She started to spit on my face forcing my mouth open and drooling into
it.  As she was doing this, her body stiffened as she ground her pussy into
mine and I knew she was reaching orgasm.
 
        The smell of sex was in the air as her hands once more went to my
pussy.  She tore off my panties then spread my legs and started rubbing my ass
and pussy with the crotch of my underpants.  Then she put the panties up to my
mouth and forced me to lick the crotch.  I was humiliated as the smell of my
urine and cum filled the air around me.
 
        After she finished with me, Yvette got up and walked over to the
couch, removed her panties, spread her legs apart and began to masturbate.
"Bitch!" she said, "crawl over here!"  I turned over and got up on my hands
and knees and did as I was told.  My big, soft tits were flopping around as I
crawled over to where Yvette was sitting waiting for me.  She forced me to
lick her black feet and toes and then another orgasm racked her body, she
grabbed my hair and pulled my face into her wet pussy.  Cum flowed out of her
cunt and her hard thighs held my face close to her pussy lips.
 
        I was covered in seconds with her female jism as she pushed me away
from her.  I was once more lying on the floor at her feet.  I was beaten,
humiliated and Yvette got up and slipped on her jeans and T-shirt saying,
"Understand this bitch!  Don't even think of going to the cops.  You do and
I'll be back and I'll fucking kill you!"  For emphasis she grabbed both my
nipples and pinched and pulled them causing me more pain than I could stand. I
nodded my head to let her know I would comply with her since I was crying and
sobbing so much I couldn't speak.  With that she got up and slammed the door
behind her.
 
        My husband loves having me tell him of my one encounter with a black
girl.  I think if he could find Yvette, he'd probably bring her home with him.
As for myself, once is enough.  I'm too weak and flabby to put up any kind of
fight, especially against a black girl.
 
        I transferred to a different school, one with very few blacks and
believe me, I steer clear of the black girls that I see and teach during the
school day.  My husband can get off by reading this in Nugget , since this
will be the only fight I'll ever be involved in. -- P.M., Long Island
 
--
