TURNABOUT

To a friend, after spending a night with him and his wife

After our meeting, the sensations, the images, the tastes or our love 
making, of your wife's sweet body kept running through my mind. It had 
been two weeks, and I hadn't told my wife, Jane, anything, but I thought 
about it every time I was with her. I wanted to share it with her, somehow, 
but it was hard to start. 

When I was alone, I remembered how beautiful your wife, Carla, was when 
she pulled me to her, guiding me in to her. When I was with Jane, the idea of 
you joining us came to mind. I began to obsessively think of you meeting, 
coming to dinner. I would mentally undress Jane as we sat watching 
television or some such thing, and imagine your handsome cock slipping 
into her cunt, into her mouth. It almost made me come, and I had to leave 
the room once. And when we made love, your presence was palpable.

Finally, I decided that I had to tell her. I wanted to be honest, I wanted her 
to meet you, I wanted...I don't know, lots of things. One night as we lying 
in bed in a teasing mood, sensual, on the verge of foreplay, the opportunity 
presented itself. She asked me what I was thinking in a way which I knew 
meant that she wanted to know if I was fantasizing. I looked at her and she 
was lying on her stomach, next to me, across me, her fingers , and 
occasionally her lips reaching to tease my nipples. I told her that I was 
fantasizing about someone joining us. 

"Ah, that old male fantasy of two women."

"That is a nice one, but no, not this time." 

She looked at me quizzically, and I began to describe what it might be like, 
drawing heavily on that delightful evening with you and your wife, Carla. I 
would touch her cunt and speak about him - you - kissing her there, while I 
held her. To my delight, she silently listened to me, and made a movement 
to press herself against my exploring fingers. I spoke in a low voice, not 
wanting to let my voice break the spell. She was getting very excited, I 
could tell, I described your cock and how it felt, and her hands moved to 
hold my finger.  I told her that I wanted him - you - to fuck her. When I 
used the word, her body seemed to shudder a little. I told her that I wanted 
him to cum inside her, and that I would love to taste his cum on her, in her, 
and then (I hesitated, but plunged on) that I wanted to take him in my 
mouth and suck on him until he was again thick and erect. 

I didn't know how she would react, although she sometimes teased me 
about wanting to have sex with men. I never knew if she was serious, but I 
had decided she had thought about it and that it didn't seem the end of the 
world to her, and now, in this context, she hesitated only slightly before 
she turned to me, kissed me, and made me  get over her and enter her. 

Her orgasms were strong and repeated. I matched her at last, finally we 
broke. After we had cleaned up, we were snuggling together in her bed, 
and I told her that I really wanted to have the fantasy, and that I knew you. 
She was quiet, and laughed sarcastically a couple of times, but I could tell 
she was interested, I described you, and she asked questions. After many, 
she finally asked if you were married. I felt I had to tell her about our 
evening.

I told her that I had had dinner with you, and that we had been attracted, 
and that you had led me so delightfully to make love to Carla. I could 
tell from her movements that she was shocked. She made me go on, 
spitting out questions. I decided to tell everything in graphic detail, and 
slowly but surely, she lost the edge, and it became something like a 
fantasy, and to my delight, she began to respond again. By the time I had 
come to the point where the three of us were lying together, she turned to 
me and hushed me, and almost forcibly pushed my head down until I was 
kissing her sweet, hot, wet cunt. She was so hot that it didn't take long for 
her to come. 

Thus, the plan was made, that we would invite you to come and make love 
with us. I called you and invited you for dinner. I was wondering what 
would happen if Carla would want to come along, but it seemed that 
she was going to be out of town for a few days. 

Jane and I would talk about it once in a while, and invariably it was to 
imagine you and her. She was clearly turned on - although she made me 
promise not to leave you alone with her, which I readily did because I 
could not get the image of you making love to her out of my head. 

Finally the evening came. She had spent a very long time bathing and 
getting dressed, and then dressing again. It was a revelation. She was like a 
schoolgirl waiting for a date, only with her husband there to comment and 
encourage her. She was still upstairs when you rang the bell, and I had to 
let you in alone. I was a bit nervous as how you would react to her, but I 
shouldn't have been. She is taller than Carla, with a good figure, full 
breasts and dark coloring. Her hair is just a bit pepper and salt now. I like 
it, and I could tell that you did, too. She is very sensual, even when she 
isn't trying. I always thought of it as coming from her Italian background. 
You seemed to hit is off very well.

We first had a glass of wine, sitting in the living room. She had put on a 
rather low cut blouse, and I was intrigued by her changing strategies, now 
demurely holding her drink in such a way as to make it impossible for you 
to see her body, and at other times, pushing forward her breasts ever so 
slightly towards you. The wine calmed her down a bit, and accentuated the 
sensual strategy. I was delighted to see that you were taken with her, 
laughing with her,  watching her. At one point she was holding her glass 
close to her breast, and she impulsively pressed it into the soft flesh. She 
was looking down, but was aware of your eyes on her. she was pleased 
and excited, and I found myself with a growing sense of excitement myself, 
the stirring of an erection, as I watched the two of you playing. 

At one point, she got up and, hesitating a bit, asked whether we wanted to 
have dinner. I saw that you were going to be polite and agree, so I 
interrupted and suggested that we should get to know each other better 
first. She smiled in a mixture of relief and anxiety, which only made her 
dark eyes more attractive. I came up to her, put my arm around her, and 
then held my hand out to you. You stood, and came over slowly. I took 
you hand and led you to us, and we three came together in an oddly chaste 
embrace. I welcomed you, and so did she. I slipped a bit fro the embrace, 
so that she was caught in between us. She turned to face you, putting her 
arms around you, and somehow drawing your arms around  her. I stood 
back slightly and watched your fingers digging slightly into her back. It 
was strange. 

I had a rushing desire to see her skin and your hands, so I began to undo 
the buttons on her blouse, and then the fastening of her skirt, and began 
pulling them away from her. The two of you had to move apart slightly to 
let me get them. Her full breasts were pressed up in full circles by her bra. I 
could see your eyes being drawn to them. I debated leaving her that way, 
but something made me want it to be simple and complete, so I undid the 
snap and pulled away her bra. You started slightly, and I had a sudden 
fear that the contrast with Carla's smaller, more compact breasts might 
put you off. For some reason, I slipped my hands around her and replaced 
her bra, holding them in my hands. She laughed nervously and made a 
dismissing sound, but she changed to a coo of delight as you dipped down 
and placed a kiss on each one of her still only partially erect nipples. Her 
breasts are very sensitive, and I knew that she would be thrilled by that. I 
let her go, and quickly slipped her panties off her hips. When I stood up 
and moved back to the chair, she was naked in your arms. Watching you, I 
felt an enormous erection fighting with my clothes. I knew I would have to 
be taking them off soon. 

You had buried your lips in her neck. Her hands were running across your 
arms through the shirt. She suddenly pulled at it and her hands 
disappeared under your belt. After a few minutes, you, or she, or perhaps 
both, turned her body, so that you were holding her from the back. She had 
her head bent back and seemed to be nibbling at your ear. I was thrilled - 
her naked body still always does that to me. 

I watched your hands, and I knew that this was the moment I had dreamed 
of, to have them touching her, exciting her, but for a moment I was 
uncertain. It seems too wild, and wasn't I supposed to feel jealousy or rage? 
I had just heard about laws not too long ago in which in Texas, a man was 
justified in killing a man he found making love to his wife. As I watched 
you hands  moving strongly, yet tenderly over her body, approaching her 
breasts, I thought how absurd that was. She was enjoying it immensely, 
that was clear from her breathing, her sighs, and it was very exciting to me. 

I saw your fingers take her nipples, giving her what I knew - she had told 
me a thousand times - how good it felt. I had to move to readjust my 
trousers. Your hands moved gently but firmly down across her belly (I 
knew how warm and soft it must've felt) and then reach the soft hairs 
between her legs. She was standing with her legs tightly together at first, 
but as you gently rubbed her, she moved them apart. I watched 
mesmerized, as your finger slipped into the already moist folds and 
dipped into her body. Watching your finger playing with her clitoris, the 
labia, slipping into her was almost too much for me, and I had to slip out of 
my clothes to end the restriction of my trousers on what felt like my 
enormous penis. I sat and loosely held it in my hand. 

Finally, she slipped to the floor. You stood over her and slipped out of your 
clothes, tossing them impatiently at the couch. You glanced at me, and I 
lifted my eyes from your apparently throbbing cock to catch yours and 
trade a smile and a trusting look. Whatever doubts I might have had,  I as 
now delighted to watch as you lowered yourself to your knees between her 
slightly raised legs, and as you bent down, catching your self on your 
hands on each side of her, allowing her to reach down and take your cock 
and guide it to her. I had to rise up a bit to see, and was rewarded with the 
exquisite sight of your cock slipping into Jane's cunt, the lips stretched 
around it. I cold tell there was no resistance. She raised her body slightly to 
meet yours, and her hands caught around your chest.

You moved in and out of her several times, and then pulled out, telling her 
you wanted to make it last. You leaned down and took her nipples 
between your lips, one at a time, rolling them slightly, sucking them in. she 
squirmed with pleasure. I watched as your erect cock, glistening from her 
moisture, swung slightly as you moved. Finally, you pushed it down and 
lay down, pushing yourself down on her body, until your lips could reach 
her cunt. Again, a fantasy of mine came true. I was thrilled to watch your 
lips play, your tongue slip between the folds, play with her clitoris. Her 
hands slipped over your head and ran through your hair as you kissed her. 

I couldn't stay away, so I slipped down on the floor next to her, and on my 
own kissed her nipples while you continued to kiss her. It wasn't long 
before the combined stimulation of our two mouths, and our hands 
running across her apparently perfectly soft flesh, brought her to an 
orgasm. She is usually relatively quiet, but this time, she cried out as she 
came. I looked up startled, but she was clearly very happy. You pulled 
away, too. I know that one, or both of us could bring her to another climax, 
even another series, and I wanted to because it was somehow very erotic to 
watch and feel her come, but we pulled away to rearrange ourselves. 

Then came a moment that I had wanted ever since I had seen you 
with Carla. As you lay down next to my now exhausted wife, I could see 
your cock, thick and erect, looking enormous as it lay across your thigh. 
You noticed my look, and took it briefly in your hand and smiled at me. 
Jane turned towards you, so that her breast rested on your chest, and 
watched me. 

Hoarsely I said, "Chris, would you mind if...." 

It was obvious what I wanted as I kneeled there in front of the two of 
you, my own cock throbbing. You smiled and nodded, and let your head 
slip back, still watching me under half closed lids. 

I moved over so that I was sitting on the side of the bed next to you, 
across from Jane wide-opened eyes. I first took your cock lightly in my 
hand. I was pleased to hear a slight gasp from you, although I couldn't have 
known what you were feeling. It was warm, even hot in my hands. It 
moved slightly on its own, and I gently squeezed it. I could tell after making 
Jane come that you were not so far from climax, and I had a terribly desire 
to take you into my mouth, and didn't want it to end that fast. 

I was delighted to see that Jane was eager to play an active part, and I 
watched her hands slipping over your abdomen, briefly touching the curled 
hair at the base, my hand, and then down between your legs. I began to dip 
towards it. You seemed to close your eyes, and then open to watch. A clear 
drop of pre-cum appeared at the tip, and gratefully I extended my tongue 
and took it from you. It seemed heavenly. I began to let my tongue slip 
across the tip. It seemed enormous as I touched it, and when I pressed my 
lips in a kiss, I didn't believe that I could ever take it in. I spent a long time 
sucking with my lips, sensing the precum, waiting in expectation. 
Suddenly you jerked slightly, and your cock forced its way - less than 
an inch - between my lips. I couldn't tell whether you were asking to be 
sucked, or whether it was involuntary, but I took the opportunity anyway, 
and let it enter my mouth. It was thick and beautiful, stretching my lips, 
pressing open my jaws. I just let it slide slowly in, savoring it every 
moment. I felt a hand run through my hair, and I thought it was Jane's, but I 
could see that you had reached down. I was grateful for its gentle 
sensuality. I hadn't been sure that you really accepted this kind of delicious 
sex, but I was not surprised, given the totally open and sensual atmosphere 
on that bed. 

I began to let it slips from my lips, and when it was back only an inch 
or two inside, I began to literally suck it, letting my mouth close tightly over 
it, and then relax. I was rewarded with another gasp from you. 
Finally I took it out, and holding it still in my hand, I began to flick 
my tongue across the tip, on the sensitive underside, all over it. I was 
obsessive. It was an enormously sexual feeling, not only the sensuality of 
you hard cock in my mouth, but the realization, confirmed by your slight 
moans, that you were sharing the ecstatic feelings. 

I looked up and saw that Jane, whose hands still roamed across your 
body, had pressed her lips to your nipple, and I could see her tongue 
flipping across its stiffness. Your other hand was holding her head. 
I returned your cock to my mouth and began alternating between 
sucking it gently, and letting it slide as deeply as I could into my mouth, 
and then slip out slowly as my tongue caressed it. I continued this, 
watching Jane's lips and also, you tensing muscles, and then finally, you 
cried out. It could have been a warning, or only your delight, but in any 
case, I could tell that you were about to come. 

I pulled away a few inches, and was rewarded by seeing your cum 
spurt from the tip, soon drenching it, and my hands. I couldn't resist it, and 
I slipped my tongue out and tasted your cum, and finding it incredibly 
good, slipped my lips once again over the tip, and now sucked on it, tasting 
the heavy salty flavors. Letting go with my hand, I sucked on it for a 
moment, until I could feel your body relax, and then, finally, your penis 
slightly soften. I let it slip from my mouth, now only wet with my saliva. 

I moved around and lay next to Jane, my arm thrown over the both 
of you. She surprised and delighted me by kissing me, letting her tongue 
explore my mouth, tasting, I knew, your cum.
