
                      A TV-DRESSUP

How do I tell my wife that I long to try on her lingerie?

For the first few months of our relationship I handled the problem
neatly: I kept my mouth shut.  But while our straight sex was most
enjoyable, that didn't deter me from spending an occasional hour
alone, dreaming of how I'd feel wearing Carol's sexy lingerie. And
I wanted Carol to share in the fantasy. I resolved to somehow share
these thoughts with Carol.

Obviously this was  a lot to spring on Carol all at once.  But more
and more I began to feel I owed it to both of us to open up and
give sexual honesty a chance.

From the start I did have one thing going for me.  Over our months
together, Carol had grown accustomed to my gentle lovemaking.  I
prefer lots of kissing, licking and sucking.  In fact, I try to
insure that Carol has an orgasm each time we make love.  She
especially likes cunnilingus orgasms.

So I gradually increased my submissiveness in the bedroom.  Instead
of aggressively working my way down Carol's body, I made her take
the initiative by not proceeding until she made a move.  I'd kiss
her mouth until she pushed me down to her pert breasts, the suckle
her nipples until she urged me between her legs.  I would lap up
her juices until she virtually demanded to be fucked.

As often as I could, I coaxed her on top, and I made a point of always
shooting off in the female superior position.  To my delight, Carol
liked it too.

Finally I told her that whenever she wanted some loving, she should
feel free to attack me.  That's just what she started doing,
stripping me right in the living room.

Then one day I confessed my fantasy. I didn't know how she would react.

The next day after work Carol came home with a package...a surprise
for me. She bought the clothes for my debut: a black padded bra,
black crochless panties, a purple garter belt, pink dotted
stockings, pink pantyhose, and a white nightie.  She made me strip
and dressed me in the black bra, garter belt, and stockings. I was
trembling while I waited to see what would happen next.

"Look at you", she said.  I had a raging hard on.  "You like
dressing up in my clothes, don't you." Then she ran her hand up my
leg and caressed my cock.  I knew everything was ok when I saw the
smile on Carol's face.  She fondled me for a few moments, then had
me model for her. She led me to the bedroom and fucked me dry.

We talked a bit the next day about what had happened. The time and
the pressure caught up with both of us and that night passed without
a repeat.

On several occasions over the next years, I've surprised Carol with
gifts of lingerie.  She seems to be  saving it. I wish she would
wear some of the lingerie when she wants a wild night.

I've begun a collection.  I don't know if Carol knows when I bought
a white garter belt, black stockings, and brown suspender
pantyhose.  The only thing left from Carol's original gift is the
nightie.  All the other items were ripped and torn.

One night I wore the new garter belt to bed; another night black
suspender panty hose.  But we were unable to capture the feeling of
that first night.

But I still fantasize about it.

We have several get away weekends during the year.  I've hinted
that I'd like to be a submissive for the weekend. I'd like to be
totally under Carol's direction and control.  I would be her
transvestite slave.  She would dominate me using bondage.

She would tell me to meet her at home on noon on Friday. She would
start the weekend by telling me she had something special planned.
She ordered me to get ready.  She made sure that I shaved my legs
and pubic hair. She made me shave my face extra carefully.  Carol
had laid out my wardrobe.  She wanted me to wear a corset, black
stockings, and a black bra. She had also laid out a leather cock
strap.  I only hoped that we wouldn't have an accident on the way
to the weekend surprise.

Part of the surprise was that we were going to Columbus. When we
arrived at the hotel room, Carol ordered me to strip to my lingerie
then bound my hands together behind my back with a pair of
pantyhose. She had me model for a while and snapped a few pictures.
I had a huge erection.  The cock strap kept me up. She sat on the
bed and ordered me to suck her nipples.

I licked them and sucked them and bit them. I lowered myself to her
crotch.  Eating her is quite a challenge with my hands tied behind
my back.

I thought I was doing a good job. Suddenly she whirled me around
and bent me over the bed.  She tied my legs so I was spread eagled
with my ass at her mercy.  She started spanking me.  My cock
swelled more.  She told me I'd be punished more if I came without
permission. More spanking then she would play with my balls. I was
shaking.  More spanking.  Then she started to finger my asshole.
Then she rubbed something cold on my ass.  And then she rammed in a
vibrator. I suppose that was to get  even for the few ass fuckings
I'd given her.

She left me alone.

When she returned She untied one leg and rolled me over. There was
some cum on the bed.  She told me I'd be punished for that.  But
she was most interested in a cock ride.

She had me suck first one nipple then the other while she rode me
hard.  I was her prisoner.  She came. And again.

Then she had me eat her until she flooded again.  As she left she
reminded me that I had climaxed without permission.  "Think
submissive." she said on her way out the door.

After a while she returned, released me and told me to fix her
bath.  I did it gladly.  While I was in the bathroom - her vibrator
still in my ass...she warned me not to drop it.

Carol wanted me to wash her hair...get her coffee...read to her
from a Penthouse magazine...and shave her pussy and legs.  My cock
was still hard.  After a while I dried her off.  She told me to
clean up...but to leave the vibrator in.

I showered.  When I got out I was drying myself when Carol came in
and started playing with my balls. Slowly she removed the vibrator
and slid in her finger. She worked her finger firmly inside. Then
she slowly fingerfucked my ass.   Carol pressed deeper and deeper,
opening me, filling me, causing wave after wave of voluptuous
sensations.  I was gasping helplessly.

Then she pulled her finger out, leaving my anus twitching and
contracting in the sudden void.  Carol had me fuck her standing up
in the bathroom.  She retied my hands in front and put me to bed.

When I woke up I saw that she had laid out a very tight garter belt
and stockings.  She had me put them on because we were going out
shopping. There was a list of things needed to fill out my wardrobe.
We went first to Leather and Lace on the East Side of Columbus.  Carol
had instructed me to purchase the items myself as she watched.

I started with panties.  That was easy because I only had to buy
the largest size.  But stockings and bra sizes were not so easy,
and my face went red several times, along with the faces of several
salesgirls.  I was to buy a white padded bra, an open nipple bra
and crochless panties set, several pairs of bikini panties, and
pantyhose. She also wanted me to buy her a latex bra and a latex
corset. Since we are close to the same size, she felt we could both
enjoy the latex items.

If the clerk asked, I was to say they were for me.  I was sure the
whole world knew I was wearing the garter belt under my pants.

Then we went to ChiChi's for a drink.   Carol rubbed my legs under
the table.  The tension was incredible.

We went to the motel.  Carol wanted pictures of me. She had me try
on the new latex outfits.

She dressed me slowly in the crochless panties. She painted my
toenails. As she fastened the padded bra clasp in front, Carol said
"I'm going to dress you.  Then you are going to suck my tits and pussy
until I come three times.  Then we'll take care of your hard-on."

I was so excited that as soon as Carol sat on the bed and spread
her legs wide, I went right to her pussy and started giving her a
tongue bath that lasted a half hour. During that time she played
with my cock hanging out of the crochless panties.

Then Carol told me:

"From now on you will be my slave boy.  When I call you at work you
will come home immediately, strip and wait for me.  I will lay out
your wardrobe.  You can look at it but wait for me to help you
dress. You may need a spanking first.  I will dress you.  You will
lick my pussy and nipples until I come and I'm satisfied. Then I
will let you cum."

She started pinching my nipples through the bra and then rubbed my
cock until I came in her hand.  Then she made me lick her hand clean.

At work, under my business suit, I wear panties, if Carol wants. Some
days she has me wear a garter belt and stockings.  On the Weekends
I always wear lingerie, always, or the spanking is painful.

Our sex life continues to climb to new heights of excitement.
