Archive-name: Changes/tvtrip.txt
Archive-author: Sally
Archive-title: What I did on my Vacation


   The rain beat mercilessly on the windshield as I drove
through the unfamiliar territory.  My decision to see more by
getting off the interstate was proving to be hazardous as the
thunderstorm pounded.  The winding country roads that were so
enjoyable in the afternoon were treacherous in the rainy
night.

   This trip was meant to be a getaway.  Work had demanded all
my attention over the past two years.  At the first
opportunity to get time off, I took it.  A month free to roam
the countryside, and just unload.

   A sudden intense burst of rain blocked out all view of the
road.  I released the accelerator, felt a bump, then another,
and saw the shoulder of road as the car flew across it.  The
car felt like a roller coaster as it hurdled down an
embankment.  Expecting a sudden, deadly stop in a ditch, I
pulled the wheel to one side to slow the vehicle.  The car
slipped sideways on the muddy slope, until it slid backwards,
and downwards.

   With a crunching thud the vehicle smashed through a bracket
of bushes and finally came to a stop.  Sitting in the suddenly
still car, I felt relief not to have flown through the
windshield.  However, the sound of water flowing around me
showed it may not be a safe haven.

   Donning a hat, grabbing my clothes bag and my flashlight, I
jumped out of the car, slamming the door shut immediately
behind me.  Moving uphill convinced me that the bushes would
not allow return to the road.  I edged downhill, the mud
squoozing up around my shoes.

   Through the light I could barely see the stream ahead.  It
seemed to be about waist deep, but flowing quickly.  The rear
end of the car was in the swollen stream, my belongings inside
no doubt submerged.  Holding the clothes high, I waded
through.  The water swirled around my hips, raising to waist
height.

   Finally I reached the other side and found it to be muddier
than the other.  Holding the bag up and climbing with my free
hand, I got nearly to the top when my legs slipped out from
underneath me.

   I slid down through the mud on my side still holding the
bag when my hip struck an embedded rock.  The pain jarred the
bag loose and it splashed into the stream and sailed away.
The flashlight ws gone.  Free to climb up on all fours through
the mud, I finally reached the top and could see a field ahead
of me.

   Striking out across the field, I finally reached a home.
Realizing I must be quite a sight, I rang the bell.  Curtains
finally parted and a face framed in soft curls peered out,
frowning.  She cracked the window open.

    "What do you want?"

    "I'm a weary traveller, Mam.  My car broke down on the
road."

    "You look like the Swamp Thing!  Come around back."

     I went to the back door, where there was an overhang
offering shelter from the rain.

    "Who are you," my erstwhile hostess asked through the
locked door.

    "Alan Anderson.  I was trying to take a peaceful vacation
when this storm came up.  I'm from Wisconsin, on my way to the
west coast."

    "Let me see some identification."

    I took out my wet wallet and held it up to the window,
beginning to shiver.  She reached out and snatched it from me.

    "I can't read it there!"  She took it inside, and I could
hear her talking with someone else, another woman perhaps.

     The questioning continued while I stood there, shivering.
She would go back in, and then come out.  She still had my
wallet.

    "Sorry, Mr. Anderson, we have to take precautions."  The
door opened and she stepped out to the proch, followed by a
couple other women.  The were all dressed rather nicely in
skirts, a nice change from the women I was used to seeing all
the time in slacks.

    "Ladies, I don't mean to be forward, but it is cold here!"
It was late in the fall, and I had driven to a higher
elevation without realizing it.  It _was_ cold here.

    "Sorry, Mr. Anderson.  We'll have to wash you down before
you come in the house, though.  You're covered in mud from
head to toe!"

   One of her compatriots approached with a garden hose, the
water blasting.  Standing with teeth gritted and arms out, I
waited for the hosing to finish.  They had me turn around,
taking particular delight in hosing my buttocks.  The giggles
gave them away as slightly tipsy.  The water ran off in muddy
rivulets.

     While the cleansing proceeded, they introduced
themselves.  Sylvia, a take-charge raven haired beauty, had
answered the door.  The red head was named Barb, while the
third was a blonde named Suz.  I nodded grimly while they
spoke.  They took turns blasting me with the hose until the
mud was gone.

     "Glad I could provide some entertainment!  You wouldn't
by any chance have some dry clothes would you?  Everything I
brought has been washed away in the storm."

     With a chorus of giggles, they assured me they could find
something that would work out.  They let me into the entryway,
handed me a nice fluffy towel and told me to strip down.
Drying off, I wrapped a towel around my waist.  Sylvia
returned.

     "Look at you, you need a bath! Come along."

     "Sure thing..."

     I followed Sylvia to the tub, and saw that the bathtub
was filled with sweet-smelling bubbles.  Sylvia habded me a
warm cocktail, and left me to bathe.  I entered the tub,
sighing and smiling as I leaned back into the suds.  I laid
there for a good twenty minutes, up to my neck in the water in
the large tub.  Suz knocked at the door, poking her head in.

     "Come on now, silly!  You have to come out some time,"
she giggled.  "Shower down and come on out to join us.."

     "OK, be right there."  I drained the tub.  My drink was
gone, anyway.  Standing up, I showered the suds off.  Looking
down in the drain, I saw the water was dark...  Looking at my
body, I realized the water was dark with my hair!  All of my
body hair below my neck had fallen off!!  They had put some
sort of depilitory in the bath water!!

     While drying my head, Sylvia returned with some clothes.
"This is all we have Alan, it should fit you."  She handed me
the pile.  To my great surprise, it contained a silky
nightgown, and panties!  She enjoyed my look of hesitation.
"Sorry, but that's all we have.  You see, there's no men here,
haven't been for awhile."  She stood their smiling.  Feeling
my crotch beginning to stir, I tried to rush her out.

     "OK, if that's the way it has to be, then..."

     "Come on out when you're done, and we'll have some warm
drinks."

     Great.  Not that I didn't like wearing women's clothes.
Nope, I loved it.  Truth was, just about the only clothes in
my car trunk were women's clothes I'd bought in cities I'd
travelled through!  But it had always been a private pleasure.
Now....

     Lifting the panties, I saw they were made of a flimsy,
silky fabric.  Sigh.  Great stuff to wear - in private.  I
pulled the panties up.  They did nothing to hide my fully
erect cock.  Hoping for more assistance from the nightgown, I
saw it was merely a long nightie, snug and soft.  Hmmmmm.....
Too bad about that large "tent" in the front.

     Stepping quietly down the hall, I peered into the living
room and spied a chair.  I quickly plunked myself into it.
Looking around the room, I noticed a nice stone  fireplace
with a fire crackling warmly.

     "Why Allie!",  squealed Barb, "you look wonderful!"

     Turning red, I said, "You're sure you don't have any
men's clothes now, right?"

     "Not at all," insisted Sylvia.  She offered me another
drink.  The earlier drink already had my head buzzing, but the
embarrassment was proving painful, so I accepted it.

     We chatted for a little while, the drinks loosening
things up.  Rain beat against the windows.

     "Now, Allie, let's see how you really look in that
nightie,"  Suz said with an inviting grin.

     "Actually, the name's Al, and I'm really comfortable
here.  Do you think the rain will stop soon?" I gamely asked,
trying to change the subject.   Their faces fell, and Sylvia
spoke up.

     "Well!  Here we are acting as perfect hostesses, and you
deny a simple request!  Such gratitude!  Maybe "he" should be
turned back out into the storm, girls...."

     "Sigh, OK"  I stood up, suddenly feeling the drinks.
Fortunately, my cock had gone flaccid.   Moving to the center
of the room, the girls whistled.  As I reached the center of
the room, feeling the flimsy nightgown against my denuded
skin, I suddenly twirled a pirouette.  The girls clapped.  My
erection quickly returned to its former glory.

     "Why, Allan, I do believe you enjoy wearing those
things!"  "Hot, girl!!"  "Hey, good looking!"

     I abruptly stopped,  staggered back a little, and bumped
an end table.  The fancy vase on it toppled, and fell,
breaking to dozens of small pieces.  Sylvia jumped up slapped
my buns.  Hard.

     "You!  That was a rare, expensive, vase, and now look
what you've done!"

     "Sorry, Sylvia, I...."

     "Quiet! There's going to be some new rules around here!",
she said.  "You will work that vase off!"

     "Well, get my wallet, and I'll pay you. How much was it?"

     "I'll decide the rules!  You are going to work it off.
We have your car keys, wallet and male clothes.  You will
serve us for a week.  You will obey, or we will call the
Sheriff, who knows us well, but you not at all.  We will
report a "pervert" running amok.  Or you can simply go along."

     "You have ten seconds."

     I thought quickly.  My rigidness continued unabated.
Well, it sure beat walking tours... One week, and then I could
be on my way. Or I could get involved with a publicized battle
starting with me in women's clothing and completely shaved.
With these sharp gals, it could be fun.  "OK", I said, "let's
go."

     "Strip", Sylvia commanded.

     I dropped the nightgown over my shoulders, until it fell
to the floor.  "Now the panties," said Sylvia.  I pulled the
panties down my legs.  There, I was, standing in front of
three strange women, as naked as I'd been since I was born,
what with all my body hair gone.  Actually, there was a little
pubic hair left.

     Sylvia produced a satin collar.  "This will remind you of
your servant status.  And that little bit of pubic hair is
cute, we'll do something with that!"  The girls trimmed my
pubic hair to a heart shape, with the hairs barely a quarter
of an inch long.   They left some hair in the center longer,
and tied a little red bow in them.

     "What a nicely wrapped package, but she needs some
makeup," said Barb.

     The ladies marched me upstairs, and, after a close shave,
sat me down in front of the mirror.  "Now, pay attention, you!
We want this done every morning!"  They proceeded to
mercilessly pluck my eyebrows into a thin, sultry arch with
tweezers, had me apply mascara to my eyelashes, and lipstick.
Foundation was applied to my face, and blush added.  The
feminization was overpowering.  I had resisted my urges for so
long.  Now, I was able to submit because I really had no other
option.  I surrendered to their feminine ministrations,
letting go of the macho veneer.  They spritzed me with some
sext perfume.

   When the makeup was finished, they produced a high quality
blonde wig, placing it on my head.  The hair was very soft and
delicate and hung down about my shoulders.  They had me step
into a satin bustierre with garters.  I rolled the silky white
nylons up my legs and attached them to the bustierre, as
instructed.  The ladies were loving it, giggling and teasing
me every step of the way.

   Pulling the satin panties up my legs, I felt the cool
fabric on my heiny.  Looking in the mirror, I saw an
attractive women with a very unwomanly bulge in my panties.
The ladies had me slip into some heels and come downstairs.

   "Well, _Sally_, I can see your enjoying this!" barked
Sylvia.  "But that's not the idea!  You are here to serve us!
Now fetch us some drinks and come back here!  I wobbled out to
the kitchen preparing the drinks and returning quickly.
Passing a mirror, I hesitated slightly to admire myself.
There I was, prettily made up in a wig and lovely lingerie.
My body tingled with erotic passion.

   As I presenting each lady with a drink, Sylvia swatted me
hard on the behind.

   "Bitch! I saw you admiring yourself in that mirror, keeping
us waiting!  You'll learn your lesson."  She pulled me by my
wrist, over her knee, and pulled down my panties.  "Count out
loud in your high sissy voice," she ordered.

   Swat "One" Swat "Two" Swat "Three" Swat "Four" and so it
went, my bottom burning and my libido growing.  She finished
at twenty, and stood me up.  I stood there, rubbing my bottom,
with my panties around my knees.  My cock was rock hard.

   "There, there," cooed Sylvia.  "Your Mistress forgives you.
Now come here."  She brought me to my knees and guided me up
her billowing skirt.  She instructed me to pull her panties
down with my teeth.  Doing so, I saw her lucious mons.  I ate
as commanded, on all fours, with my heiny in the air.

   While lapping Sylvia, I felt a hand on my warm bottom, and
then a glob of lubricating jelly in my anus.  Barb started my
"pussy training," as they called it, sliding first her
fingers, then a dildo up my bung.

   This continued until all three women were satisfied.  My
jaw and tounge ached, and my bottom had a new feeling never
felt before.  The camera flashed several times.  That's when
Suz said.

   "Well, do you think Dolly's been punished long enough?"  I
thought the remark strange, because they had named me Sally.

   "Yes," said Barb, "bring her out."

   Suz trooted off down the hallway, returning with another TV
in a satin collar dressed in a cami, panties and long blonde
wig.  She was very slim, and obviously a master of the
feminine arts.  "Dolly, you are no longer at the bottom of the
totem pole here.  Meet Sally, your servant."

   I looked up startled.  This was a new twist.  I'd been
curious about the bi route, but never tried it before.

   "I want a show," said Sylvia, "You two, 69 Now!"  They
placed condoms on both of us.

   I was laid back on the rug, and Dolly climbed on top,
taking my pole in her mouth and putting hers to my lips.  I
opened my lips and she slip in.  My first taste of cock was
not bad, and I found the condom had realistic, salty
flavoring.  I sucked her wildy as the passion grew in my
crotch.  When I was near orgasm, Sylvia broke us up.

   I was flipped over onto all fours.  Dolly approached me on
her knees from behind and pressed against my sphincter.  I
groaned as she entered.

     Well, I wanted a change of pace for my vacation!


Hope you like my story!!      -Sally

--
