TWILIGHT ZONE: "Tube Terror"


He sat up suddenly in bed, gasping for breath.  The room was dark.  He looked 
over at his wife, sleeping soundly, the sheet rumpled around her.  He thought 
briefly of their lovemaking earlier, a small smile on his face.

He slipped out of the bed, and padded nude into the kitchen.  Drawing a glass 
of water at the sink, he leaned against the counter.  He drank the water 
slowly, thinking about the dream he had just escaped from.

He put the empty glass in the dishwasher and moved back to the bedroom.  He 
slid quietly into the bed, and cuddled up against his wife's body.  She 
moaned softly and rolled over onto her side.  He spooned up against her back, 
his penis finding a resting place in the cleft of her backside.  He drifted 
off to sleep.


        Consider if you will.  Stanley Thomas, an average man.  Married, two
        children.  An ordinary person.

        Until he goes to sleep.  Then he becomes someone else, in some other
        time, some other place...

        Another time and another place called....  The Twilight Zone.


The morning sun was shining through the window.  Stanley woke up alone in the 
bed.

He sat up slowly and put his feet over the side of the bed.  Glancing down at 
himself, he noticed that he was wearing pajamas, both bottoms and tops.  Long 
sleeved.  Puzzling over this only a moment, he noticed a bathrobe at the foot 
of the bed.  He stood up and put it on, and stepped into a pair of slippers 
that were beside the bed.

He walked downstairs to the smell of frying bacon and eggs, freshly brewed 
coffee.  He stepped into the kitchen.

"Good morning, Ward," she said, turning.

He found himself replying, "Good morning, June," before he realized it.

He sat at the small kitchen table, and she placed before him a plateful of 
bacon, eggs and biscuits.  She turned again, and produced a cup of coffee, 
black, and a glass of orange juice.

"It's so nice to have you home on a weekday," June said, smiling.  She wore a 
print frock, a bibbed apron tied around her neck and waist, a pearl necklace 
around her neck.

"I think I deserve a day off," he nodded, plowing into the delicious 
breakfast.

She leaned over and kissed him on the cheek.  "I have something special 
planned after the boys leave for school," she whispered.

She turned and called out the door.  "Wally, Beaver... time for breakfast!"

There was the sound of rushing feet down the stairs, and the two boys 
appeared at the door.  They sat down at the table, and June put plates in 
front of them.

"Mom," Wally said, "I'll be a little late this afternoon.  Eddie, Lumpy and I 
are going to hang around the soda shop for a while."

"That's fine, dear," June smiled.

"Dad, may I have a quarter?" Beaver grinned up at him.  "There are a couple 
of comic books I want to buy."

"Sure, Beaver," he said, and reached into the pocket of his robe.  
Surprisingly, there was a single silver quarter.  He looked at it a moment 
before handing it to Beaver.

The boys finished breakfast, and with a cheery "Bye Mom, Bye Dad!" they 
headed down the street toward the school.

Stanley stood up and started to pick up the plates, but June stopped him.

"Leave them for later," she said.  

She took him by the hand and pulled him toward her, planting a kiss on his 
cheek.

She reached up behind her neck and unfastened her pearls.  She set them on 
the table.  

He reached around her, and untied her apron, then reached up and slid her 
zipper down her back.

She nuzzled his neck, and whispered, "Not in the kitchen, dear.  Let's go 
upstairs."

She pulled away and took his hand, and led him upstairs to the bedroom.


She turned as she got to the bedroom to face him.  He started to embrace her, 
but she pushed him off to arm's length.  She pulled the bibbed apron over her 
head, then slipped her dress off her shoulders, allowing it to drop to the 
floor.

She reached behind her, and unhooked her Maidenform bra, and shrugged out of 
it.  Her breasts were full and firm, her nipples protruding like rubber 
erasers.  Stanley felt his penis begin to swell.

She turned around, and slipped her fingers under the waistband of her white 
cotton panties, and pulled them slowly down, revealing her white, smooth ass. 
She stepped out of the panties, and turned.

Her body was beautiful, with her full breasts and hips, and the dark puff of 
pubic hair.  His pajama bottoms were tenting forth.  She glanced down and
chuckled.

She stepped forward and reached her hand into his pajama bottoms, her fingers 
wrapping around his erection.  She dropped to her knees, then sat back on her 
heels.  She pulled his throbbing love tool from his pajamas, and placed her 
lips on the tip of it.

Slowly, she moved forward, taking his cock slowly between her lips, her 
tongue swirling around his cockhead, tickling the tip.

Stanley unfastened his pajama bottoms, and let them drop down around his 
feet, as she continued to swirl her tongue around his penis.  He shrugged out 
of the robe, and it dropped to the floor as well.

She stood up, and unbuttoned his pajama top.  She slipped it back over his 
shoulders, and it joined the rest on the floor.  She pressed her breasts 
against his chest, her mouth hungrily seeking his, her tongue darting between 
his lips.

He edged her toward the bed, his hands wandering over her back and ass.  As 
the backs of her legs touched the bed, she broke the kiss and slid into the 
bed.  She rolled over on her back, lifted and parted her knees.  

He gazed down at her lovely pussy, the lips parting slightly, her hooded 
clitoris peeking out.

She reached out her arms, and he climbed up between her legs.  He bent 
forward, applying his lips and tongue to her clit.  

She moaned appreciatively, her fingers running through his hair.

He slipped a finger into her cunt.  It was hot and wet, and she waggled her 
hips as it slipped inside her.

He worked his tongue over her clit, letting the tip dance over her clit, 
feeling it throb under his touch.

She pulled his hair.  He looked up, and she pulled his head toward hers.  He 
crawled up her body, kissing his way from mound to navel to breast to breast 
to neck.

Her hands slid down his body, clasping his asscheeks.  She pulled his hips 
toward hers; his cock slipped easily into her.  She locked her legs around 
him, holding him motionless inside her.

He kissed her neck, then moved to her mouth, pushing his tongue between her 
teeth, and stroked her palate with the tip.  She sucked on his tongue, 
holding him tightly to her.  

She broke the kiss long enough to sigh, "Oh, Ward!"

Her pussy clasped around his cock; she squeezed his organ with her vaginal 
muscles.

They rolled over; Stanley was now on his back.  June pushed herself up to a 
sitting position, her pussy still holding his cock firmly.

She started moving up and down on his shaft, pushing her hands against his 
chest.  

He reached down and using his thumbs, he stroked her clit gently as she moved 
over him.

She threw her head back.  "Oh, Ward," she gasped, "I'm going to... I'm.... 
Unnnnngggh!"

She convulsed, her body shaking, her pussy clamping around his penis.  After 
a moment, she began moving again, up and down, just a little faster than she 
had been before.

Stanley was approaching orgasm.  He reached up and grabbed her shoulders, and 
pulled her toward him.  He rolled them over on her back, and pushing his cock 
deeply into her, he came, pumping his sperm deep inside her.

His head spun, he collapsed on her firm, warm body.  She pushed him over onto 
his side, and nestled in his arms, their legs tangling together.

He blacked out.


He came to with a start; the room was dark.  He tried to think, but his mind 
was fuzzy.  "Who am I?" he asked himself.  "Stanley Thomas" came the answer 
from his own mind... but where was he?  And ... who was this girl in his 
arms?  He wished for a light.

The girl moved, her head tilted back away from him.  "Richard, that was 
wonderrful," she said, in a slight Scottish burr.

He smiled.  His hands moved down her naked body, and found her ass.  She 
pulled her leg over his hips.  He slipped his fingers down into the cleft 
between her asscheeks; it was wet and slippery.

"But we mustn't tell Patty," the girl said.  "She'll be so jealous."

"Who'll be jealous?" a voice asked.  The lights went on.

Stanley blinked.  He looked at the girl in his arms, and at the girl at the 
door.  They were identical.

"So, Cathy, you think you're going to steal my boyfriend away by fucking 
him?"  She closed the door, and stood beside it with her hands on her hips.  
"You don't know I've been fucking him for months!"

Patty quickly took off her clothes, and stood beside the bed naked.  "Now, if 
you don't mind, Cathy, I don't care if you've been everywhere, I want 
Richard's hot dog."

She climbed onto the bed, and pushed Stanley over onto his back.  Patty knelt 
down between his legs.  She took his cock in her fingers, and took the tip 
between her lips.

She sucked gently.  Stanley felt the blood rush into his organ, making it 
rise to the occasion.

Patty looked up at him, her smile wrapping itself around his penis.  She got 
up, turned around, and positioned herself over him in a sixty-nine position.  

Cathy rolled over to the side of the bed to watch, as Stanley began to 
massage Patty's clit with his tongue, while she swirled her tongue around his 
cockhead.

Patty swiftly moved to the edge of orgasm.  As she felt it approach, she sat 
back, pressing her cunt into Stanley's face.

Cathy rolled over, and took Patty's place, wrapping her lips around Stanley's 
penis.  Her tongue was as experienced as Patty's, tickling his cockhead, her 
fingers caressing his balls.

"Ooooooooooohh!" Patty cried, as an orgasm shook her body.

"Ummmmmmmm" Stanley moaned.

"No!" Patty cried. "Don't come!  Not yet!"

Cathy pulled away from his cock.  It stood upright, quivering.  Patty rolled 
off Stanley's face, and straddled his hips.  She raised herself up, and with 
her fingers, she guided his cock into her pussy.

She rocked forward and back, her pussy clasping his cock, until he came, his 
hips thrusting upward into her.

She fell forward and kissed his cheek, nestling under one arm.  Cathy 
snuggled up under the other arm.  Stanley's head swam, his vision blurred, 
and he blacked out.


"Darrin, wake up," the voice said.  

Stanley blinked.  The woman was straddled over his hips, her black nightgown 
draped around her body.  The upper part of the nightgown was lace, and her 
full breasts showed through, the nipples erect.

"How could you fall asleep?  Especially now?"

He could feel his cock held tightly inside her.  He shook his head.  "I don't 
know.  Sorry."

She began to move, making small circles with her hips, rubbing her clit 
against his pubic bone.

He reached for her hips, his hands slid over her nightgown.

"Can't you take this off?" he whispered.  "Let me see your body."

She twitched her nose.  The nightgown disappeared.  

He reached up to tweak her dark nipples.  She threw her head back, and 
started tilting her pelvis forward and backward, still rubbing herself 
against him.

"Ummmmmmmmm," she moaned, "Yes...."

She leaned forward.  He took hold of her and rolled over onto her back.  He 
began to stroke with his hips, driving his erection deep inside her.  She 
moaned softly on each stroke, her pussy clasping at his cock.

"Yes, yes... " she gasped, panting heavily.  "oh, yes..."

She slid into the orgasm, her body quivering under him, her pussy squeezing 
him.  He kept stroking, working harder, until his balls exploded, pushing 
spurt after spurt into her.

His head spinning again, he collapsed onto her and blacked out.


"Poor Master," she said.  "Perhaps you have been working too hard."

His eyes opened halfway.  The blonde girl smiled at him.  "Perhaps you should 
take a vacation."

She blinked.

He heard the rush of the ocean, the tropical birds.  He rolled over onto his 
back, and gazed up into the crystal blue sky.  He sat up.  He was naked on 
the sand.

The girl was suddenly next to him, behind him, massaging his shoulders.  
"Feel better, Master?"

He nodded.

There were voices nearby.  The girl blinked, and suddenly he was wearing swim 
trunks and the girl was gone.

He looked down the beach.  Two young women and a goofy-looking guy were 
running toward him.

"Where did you come from?" the redhead asked.

Stanley shook his head.  

"He doesn't know," the brunette said.

"He must have anesthesia," the man said.

"Amnesia, Gilligan," the brunette said.

"Oh, yeah," he said, "I forgot."

The redhead turned to Gilligan and said, "Go get the Professor.  He'll know 
what to do."

"Right.  Right away!"  He rushed off.

"Mary Ann, let's get him out of the sun," said the redhead.

"Ok, Ginger."  They helped Stanley to his feet, and they moved under a large 
palm tree.  He leaned against the tree, and stared at them.

"I think he's delirious," Mary Ann said.

"Let me see if I can snap him out of it."  Ginger reached up and unbuttoned 
her blouse, letting it fall open, revealing her pink-tipped nipples.

Stanley's eyes bugged.

"He's alive," said Mary Ann, "now let me try."

She turned around and unfastened her shorts, drawing them down over her ass.  
She bent forward, and let her anus wink at him.

"Look," Ginger giggled, "there's life in those shorts!"

She reached down and tugged at his swim trunks, pulling them down, freeing 
his penis.  She bent over and kissed its tip.

Mary Ann pulled her shorts all the way off.  She stepped over Stanley's body, 
pressing her groin into his face.  

His mouth found her clit, and he fastened his lips around it, brushing it 
with his tongue.

Ginger began taking his shaft into her mouth, swirling her tongue over his 
cockhead.

"Let's switch," Mary Ann gasped.  

Ginger sat back, letting go of Stanley's cock.  Mary Ann moved back, and 
lowered herself on Stanley's cock.

Ginger stood up and pulled off her shorts, and moved up in front of Stanley's 
face.  He plunged into her red-haired pussy, sucking at her clit, while Mary 
Ann moved up and down on his shaft.

A third woman was suddenly THERE.  It was the blonde he had seen earlier.

"Is this what you call a vacation?" she asked.  "If I had only known this is 
what you wanted, I could have..."

She blinked.

He was suddenly on a pile of cushions.  The room was circular, and tall... 
the ceiling tapered upward.

The blonde was on top of him, her blonde-haired pussy stretched around his 
cock, her pink nipples bobbing as she moved up and down on his shaft.

"You should tell me what you want," she smiled at him.  "I'm always willing 
to serve my Master."

He closed his eyes as he ejaculated.

Darkness...


...and light.

She was still on top of him, her dark-haired head down, as she made small 
circles with her hips, rubbing herself against his pubic bone.  She looked 
up.  

"Shhhh," she said, "you'll wake Mearth."

His head lay back on the pillow.  The lights went out.

                                                               
He was stroking deep inside her, her legs wrapped around his.  Her blonde 
hair was spread over the pillow.  He moaned.

She reached up and touched his lips.  "Jack, Janet will hear you..."


The lights were flashing now; quickly passing from moment to moment.

Faces passed before him; and boobs and bushes and asses.  He bounced from bed 
to bed from moment to moment.  Faster... Faster.... Faster....


He sat up suddenly in bed, gasping for breath.  The room was dark.  He looked 
over at his wife, sleeping soundly, the sheet rumpled around her. 

He was breathing heavily, his heart palpitating.

His wife sat up, her red hair catching a beam of light from the window.

"Are you all right?" she asked.

"Yeah," he said, trying to even out his breath.

"Come on," she said, lying back, rolling over to face him.  She pulled the 
sheet aside and spread her legs.  "Come inside me, Ricky, and we'll do the 
Baba-loo."

        
       Consider if you will, the plight of Stanley Thomas.  An ordinary man.

       An ordinary man who watches much too much television.  

       Trapped forever in a fantasy, a fantasy broadcast daily from.... 

       The Twilight Zone.
