                                    TWINS

   I recently attended a  family reunion and met  some of my cousins  Aunts
   and Uncles  I had  not seen  in 10  years.  In  particular I  renewed my
   friendship with two ladies who I speak of as cousins but are really just
   family  friends.   They  are  identical  twins  and I could remember the
   fantasies I had about them when I  was a kid.  The reason I take  pen to
   paper know is to tell the story of my twin experience.

   I had  always had  great fantasies  about these  girls when  I was in my
   teens but never thought they would come true, to my great pleasure  they
   have and  I can  speak from  experience and  assure you  that this  male
   fantasy is more exciting than I ever thought it could be.  But before  I
   get too far  along I should  tell you a  bit more about  these fantastic
   twins.

   Pat and Joyce are now 23 and  both are quite beautiful and the only  way
   to tell them apart is by Pat's appendix scar.  Both women are five  foot
   seven with  great looks  full firm  37 inch  C cup  tits with  pert pink
   nipples which grow to  a good three quarters  of an inch in  length when
   they are fully aroused.  The twins have slender waists and 36 inch  hips
   which flow soothly into  long firm legs and  nice firm ass cheeks  which
   are a delight to fondle.  They  have long brunette hair which they  wear
   long and  down which  only adds  to their  great looks.   Both now  have
   nicely trimmed pussies which are tight and young and a pleasure to  fuck
   and  eat.   They  live  together  and  have  had  an  ongoing  bi-sexual
   relationship since their early teen years.  They love to share a man and
   each other so the stage for a great time was more than amply set.

   As I said I met them again after a long time due to a family reunion  an
   was pleasantly surprised  that they were  so beautiful and  outgoing.  I
   had very few peers in this get  together to talk to and was expecting  a
   long boring visit with some old people.  I am 28 myself and have a  good
   build with blond  hair and stand  6 feet tall  when I don't  slouch.  My
   only real claim to  fame is my ten  inch cock which is  always ready and
   never lets me or my female partners down.  The twins and I talked for  a
   while about the old days when we  were kids and drank some wine to  pass
   the time.  As the day wore on and we drank more our conversations turned
   to sex and  the twins asked  me over to  their place for  dinner which I
   gladly accepted.  I left with the girls as their condo was just a  short
   drive from the site  of the reunion and  they promised to bring  me back
   after dinner.  On the way to their place I sat between them and  noticed
   that Pat pulled her skirt way  up when she drove exposing her  fantastic
   legs  and  part  of  her  soft  creamy  inner  thighs.   As  I  am a bit
   voyeuristic Pat's display  had me hard  in under a  minute a fact  which
   Joyce noticed almost immediately and she eyed the leg of my shorts as my
   cock made its presence known.   Joyce seeing my predicament added  to my
   problem by placing  her feet up  on the dashboard  and letting her  full
   dress slip down her legs exposing  all of her great legs plus  the white
   string bikini panties  she was wearing.   Looking directly at  my crotch
   Joyce asked if there was anything I  saw that I liked as she rubbed  her
   hands down the insides  of her legs until  her hands were on  her pantie
   covered cunt.

   Seeing where this was going to lead  I placed my hand on top of  Joyce's
   and began to massage her cunt pushing her own hand into her spread  open
   crotch.  Pat reached over and  began to massage my now  throbbingly hard
   cock making  the swollen  head emerge  from the  leg of  my shorts.  Pat
   rubbed the pulsing head of my dick and asked how big it was then  licked
   her lips and  remarked how she  was going to  suck it.  In  the meantime
   Joyce had pulled  her panties down  and off and  was pushing my  fingers
   into her sopping cunt as her free  hand stole down my leg to my  exposed
   cock and rubbed the already emerging pre-cum around the ridge.  I pushed
   my free hand between  Pat's legs and slowly  wormed my fingers in  at he
   edge of  her pink  panties until  I had  a finger  firmly planted in her
   sopping slit.

   Just then  Pat announced  we were  there and  pulled into  a row of nice
   modern condos.  I was grateful as I wanted to get these hot ladies  into
   some  more  private  surroundings  in  the  worst  way.  We adjusted our
   clothing and made our way into their house which was on the second floor
   and gave me a great view of Joyce's full bush and firm ass as we went up
   the stairs.  Once inside the ladies were all over me stripping my shorts
   and shirt off.   Because I wear  no underwear I  was naked and  stiff in
   under a minute and  Pat knelt down in  front of me taking  my thick cock
   down her silky throat while I worked on her sister taking off her  dress
   and bra her panties were already  off on the car floor.  Once  Joyce was
   naked I began to suck her hot firm tits and nibble on her erect nipples.
   Reaching down I tried  to finger Joyce's hot  pussy but Pat had  already
   rammed her fingers up  her twin sisters pussy  and was rubbing her  clit
   with her thumb.  I pulled her  fingers out of Joyce's cunt and  told Pat
   to finger my asshole with them.  Just as I pushed two fingers up Joyce's
   slippery throbbing twat  I felt Pat  insert two fingers  up my anus  and
   begin to pump  them in and  out in time  to her mouth  work on my  cock.
   Joyce began to climax  from my hand work  on her pulsing twat  just as I
   began to  shoot a  massive load  of sperm  down Pat's  throat.  Pat kept
   ramming my spurting cock down her  tight throat until she had milked  my
   rod dry and swallowed my entire load.  Joyce dropped down and lubed  her
   fingers in her own  drenched pussy and began  to suck my wilting  prick.
   Moving her now slippery fingers to my anus Joyce pushed two fingers deep
   into my butt as she sucked my  cock deep into her throat.  Pat stood  up
   and kissed me and I  could taste my cream on  her lips as I removed  her
   blouse and bra  freeing her perfect  tits with those  stiff pink nipples
   pointing right at me.  I began to suck her tits as I undid her skirt and
   with Joyce's help pushed it down  and off.  Joyce reached up and  pulled
   her sisters pink panties down with one tug exposing her full lush  bush.
   Joyce spread her sisters cunt lips inviting me to finger fuck Pat's  hot
   pussy and I slowly pushed two fingers into Pat's hot throbbing cunt as I
   sucked and bit  her stiff nipples  brining a low  moan to her  lips.  It
   wasn't long before  both Pat and  I were howling  in orgasm, Pat  wet my
   entire hand with her  climax and I pumped  a river of cum  down her twin
   sisters throat  as Joyce  continued to  ram her  fingers up my throbbing
   anus and my rock hard spurting dick down her throat.

   After cumming twice in a half  hour I needed some rest and  suggested we
   three shower together so  we would be refreshed  and ready to go  again.
   The ladies agreed with my suggestion and we all went for the bathroom to
   shower.  While Pat was pissing I continued to play with Joyce's cunt and
   tits and remarked how  good she would look  and taste if she  shaved her
   pussy.  Joyce said she didn't like the idea of a bald cunt and that  she
   and Pat  had tried  it once  and found  it made  them look too much like
   little girls.  I told Joyce that I could hardly believe the looked  like
   children and told  them not to  shave it all  off but just  to shave the
   pussy lips so they would be smooth and available.  Pat listened and said
   she might  like that  if Joyce  and I  would shave  her together.  Joyce
   agreed and got out the razor  and some shaving cream while I  positioned
   Pat on the vanity with her legs  wide open opening her pussy and ass  so
   we could work on her.  I had Joyce insert her finger into Pat's  asshole
   and play with her tits as I set  about my work.  In no time I had  Pat's
   cunt lips and asshole clean and  asked Joyce how her sister looked  with
   fully  exposed  pink  pussy  lips  and  her large erect clit peeking out
   between those swollen cunt lips.   Joyce admitted Pat did look  good and
   that Pat wasn't totally  shaved as I had  left a small strip  of hair on
   her mound.  I washed off Pat's pussy and asked Joyce to taste her sister
   to be sure how it would feel, I could tell from the way Joyce ate  Pat's
   cunt and clit that I had made a convert of Joyce and from the moaning an
   thrashing the  Pat was  doing as  her sister  probed her  cunt with  her
   tongue I was sure she liked it too.  While Joyce was eating her  sisters
   pussy I  played with  Joyce's cunt  and asshole  shoving my  cock in her
   pussy as I pushed my thumb  up her twitching rectum.  When Pat  came she
   covered her Joyce's  face with her  pussy juice and  leaned back against
   the  mirror  her  firm  tits  fully  erect and her nipples standing like
   miniature cocks at the ready.

   Sensing Joyce's  readiness to  join her  sister in  the pussy look alike
   contest I  motioned for  her to  get into  position on  the vanity  as I
   prepared to shave her pussy.  Pat helped her sister and began to  finger
   fuck Joyce's puckered anus  as I layer on  the shaving cream putting  to
   rest any thought she may have  had of backing out.  I worked  on Joyce's
   cunt clearing it of that dense forest of hair and finishing up by giving
   her a nice triangle of  hair on her mound mainly  so I would know who  I
   was fucking or eating  later.  I washed her  off and offered her  to Pat
   for inspection, Pat went right down on Joyce spreading her swollen  lips
   and ramming her  fingers into both  her exposed holes  at once.  As  Pat
   licked Joyce's clit and finger fucked her cunt and asshole I watched and
   moved behind  Pat forcing  my now  throbbing erection  up her  pussy and
   reaming her asshole with two fingers.   It was great and the feeling  of
   her newly  shaved slick  twat nearly  brought me  to orgasm before Joyce
   convulsed in climax from her sisters ravaging fingers and tongue.

   Both of the twins thanked me  for bringing them this new pleasure  as we
   washed ourselves and each other  in preparation for the orgy  to follow.
   After we had all gotten squeaky  clean and fondled and sucked to  within
   an inch of  orgasm the twins  suggested we go  into the living  room and
   fuck.  Pat lead the  way and laid back  on the floor spreading  her legs
   and begging Joyce to eat her  out again, Joyce grabbed a big  dildo from
   the drawer  in the  lamp table  and moved  in on  Pat spreading her pink
   pussy lips and forced  the thick dildo up  her sisters hot wet  slit.  I
   move in behind Joyce's firm ass which was up in the air doggy style just
   begging to be fucked.  Joyce lowered her head to Pat's cunt licking  her
   newly  shaven  cunt  like  she  had  never  tasted her sister before.  I
   watched as Joyce  licked Pat's clit  and rammed the  dildo up her  slick
   snatch.  Spreading  Joyce's upturned  ass cheeks  I licked  her puckered
   anus and forced two fingers up her hot twat as I probed her anus with my
   tongue I reached up and pulled  on her full tits and rolled  her nipples
   making her moan with delight.  Joyce called out for my cock and I  knelt
   behind her and rammed my cock balls deep in her tight hot pussy.  Once I
   had set up a steady pace in her sweet cunt I forced two fingers into her
   pulsing anus and finger fucked  her ass with alternate strokes  to those
   of my long stiff prick.  I could tell Pat was cumming as her moans  rose
   to a shrill wail and she began to buck her hips up ramming her cunt into
   Joyce's mouth.  This was all Joyce  or I could resist and we  both began
   to climax, Joyce's cunt convulsed around my cock like a vise forcing  me
   to fill her hot cunt with my  sticky sperm.  We all lay in a  heap after
   our first orgasm rubbing each other and catching our breath.  Joyce  was
   the first to move and she crawled up on Pat forcing her cum filled pussy
   down onto  her sisters  mouth and  begging Pat  to lick  my cum from her
   pussy.  I watched  as Pat devoured  Joyce licking and  sucking my sticky
   sperm from her sisters cunt and clit.  Joyce reached back and pulled  up
   Pat's legs spreading her cunt  lips and exposing the pink  inner reaches
   of her  slippery slit.   Joyce told  me to  fuck Pat's  pussy to which I
   readily agreed moving in on her hot crotch I pushed my entire 10  inches
   up her clutching pussy while she  continued to lick and suck on  Joyce's
   cunny.  I rammed my cock deep into Pat's tight hot cunt bring squeals of
   delight to Pat's smothered lips.  I my position my face was directly  in
   front of Joyce's wide open anus  and I took the opportunity to  stick my
   tongue up her  hot asshole while  I plowed my  dick into Pat's  slippery
   cunt.  I could tell  both ladies were building  to a climax and  Pat was
   the first as I felt her pussy tighten around my throbbing meat until  it
   felt like a vise  had been clamped around  my stiff prick forcing  me to
   shoot my  load deep  in Pat's  hot tight  cunny.  I  raised my head from
   Joyce's asshole and saw that  she too had climaxed wetting  Pat's entire
   face with her sweet pussy juice.


   I was pretty  wasted after shooting  my load up  Pat's pussy and  rolled
   over on  my side  to watch  and rest.   Joyce reversed  her position and
   began to suck and lick my  cream from her sister's cunt as  she inserted
   two fingers up Pat's  anus and started pumping  them slowly in and  out.
   Slowly the  twins relaxed  and after  a few  minutes gave  up trying  to
   excite each other  further.  Joyce saw  me watching their  sisterly love
   and decided that I was  not participating fully.  Joyce crawled  between
   my legs and began to give me head sucking my half erect dick deeply into
   her throat as she  probed my asshole with  two fingers.  Pat watched  us
   for a little while and then moved over and straddled my face  presenting
   me with her wet  swollen pink cunt.  I  reached up and pulled  her pussy
   down to my mouth and began to suck her clit and tongue fuck her  sopping
   hole as I  slipped two fingers  up her now  dilated asshole.  Joyce  had
   sucked me to hardness again and she now mounted me ramming my thick cock
   up  her  slit  until  the  swollen  head  was  bumping against her womb.
   Sensing that this would be a  fantastic fuck I began to buck  my swollen
   cock deep into her hot slick pussy while I continued my oral assault  on
   Pat's cunt and clit and rammed my fingers deep into her pulsing  rectum.
   I could feel Joyce's cunt quiver as her orgasm approached and she  began
   to cry out for me to fuck her harder.  Pat was giving way to her  climax
   and she mashed her cunt down tight  on my lips forcing her clit into  my
   tongue as her anus  tightened around my fingers.   I was hard as  a rock
   but not near climax yet and worked the twins until both had climaxed and
   were hugging and kissing each other.

   Now Pat demanded her  turn and Joyce rose  off my still erect  prick and
   after giving it  a few parting  licks relinquished my  throbbing tool to
   her sister.  Pat  straddled my throbbing  erection and Joyce  spread her
   sisters cunt  lips and  positioned my  cock at  the entrance  to her hot
   pussy.  Pat rammed her  twat down on my  hard tool engulfing the  entire
   length with one quick plunge.  Joyce began licking Pat's exposed clit as
   I pounded my  hard tool up  her slippery cum  stained vagina.  I  pulled
   Joyce over my  face and began  to suck and  lick her cunt  and clit as I
   spread her firm ass cheeks and forced two fingers up her quivering  anus
   pumping them deep into her rectum  with each thrust my cock made  in her
   sister Pat's  pulsing pussy.   Soon I  heard the  shrill cries  of Pat's
   orgasm and felt Joyce's  anus clamp down on  my invading fingers as  she
   too came  to a  gut wrenching  climax spilling  her pussy  juice into my
   mouth as she twisted  and withered in orgasm  riding my lips and  tongue
   with all her strength.

   The twins were tired after their  last ride and curled up together  in a
   69 position  resting while  they licked  and fingered  each others  well
   fucked pussies  and assholes.   As I  had been  on the  receiving end of
   their lust and was still hard  I joined in licking Pat's anus  while her
   sister Joyce feasted on her cum slick cunt.  Soon I could not resist and
   spread Pat's ass cheeks and began to probe her hot little puckered  hole
   with the dildo.   Pat asked me  to fuck her  in the ass  and to pump her
   rectum full of cream so I moved  in behind her as Joyce spread her  firm
   butt and  guided my  raging erection  into Pat's  tight wet  asshole.  I
   slowly forced the whole ten inches  of my cock up Pat's anus  stretching
   her pink rimmed asshole until I was balls deep in her back door.   Joyce
   reached between  my legs  and began  to massage  my swinging  cum filled
   balls as she slipped  the dildo up my  own anus.  The feeling  was great
   and I began to pound Pat's nether hole with long hard strokes making her
   whole body quiver with each thrust.  Pat buried her head further in  her
   sisters cunt and probed her asshole with her fingers while she  squeezed
   her sisters  tits and  pinched Joyce's  erect nipples.   All to soon the
   tightness of Pat's ass brought me to climax and I filled her tight  butt
   with my sticky  sperm as Pat  once again climaxed  with me her  gripping
   anal muscles milking my  cock of sperm.  Once  I had withdrawn my  prick
   from her hot tight asshole Joyce took my cock into her mouth and  sucked
   me clean draining the last drops  of my sperm into her mouth.   As Joyce
   began to climax I forced her  mouth to her sister Pat's asshole  and let
   her lick and suck my load from Pat's anus.

   Joyce looked up at me  and begged for me to  do her in the ass  too so I
   moved around to her  firm ass and began  to tongue and finger  her tight
   pink asshole as Pat licked and fingered her steaming cunt.  I asked  Pat
   to suck my now only half hard  cock to erection again and Pat popped  my
   flagging erection into her mouth and set up a deep sucking action  while
   she probed  my well  worn anus  with two  fingers massaging my prostrate
   until cock was once again  ready.  Pulling Joyce's ass cheeks  apart Pat
   guided my stiff cock to her  sisters wet waiting anus.  Joyce cried  out
   for me to ram it in and I lurched forward burying my entire 10 inches up
   her asshole  in one  hard thrust.   Joyce cried  out with  pleasure as I
   repeatedly rammed my stiff meat up her pulsing rectum until she could no
   longer hold  back her  orgasm and  I felt  her anus  convulse around  my
   throbbing pole.  This plus the sight of Pat's mouth and fingers  working
   on Joyce's packed pussy and Joyce's face buried between her sisters legs
   made me climax and I pumped my load into Joyce's quivering asshole until
   the overflow leaked out of her stretched anus.  Pulling out I shoved  my
   cock into Pat's face and she quickly deep throated my flagging  erection
   sucking the remaining cum from my cock.


   After resting and watching the ladies pleasure each other for some  time
   I wondered what else there was  left to experience with these hot  women
   but I should  have known that  their inventiveness knew  no bounds.  Pat
   raised her head from her sisters cunt  and asked me if I was up  to some
   additional fun.   Looking down  at my  flagging erection  I said sure so
   long as  she could  get me  hard again.   With that  Joyce looked up and
   promised that they would revive me at least once more because she wanted
   to be double fucked by me and her sister.  I said I was game but  needed
   to shower and refresh myself first.  We all retired to the bathroom  and
   showered  together  making  sure  to  stimulate  each  other  as much as
   possible.  I must  admit these ladies  had a real  knack for getting  me
   hard and their expert mouths on my sagging cock soon had me stiff  again
   and looking forward to whatever new pleasure they had in mind.

   Pat and Joyce lead me to their bedroom which had only one king size  bed
   a indication of their ongoing relationship and had me sit in the  center
   while they arranged the stage for  our ongoing lust.  Joyce went to  the
   dresser and got out a 18 inch  double dildo and a harness with which  to
   fasten it in  her pussy.  Pat  meanwhile had gotten  a large tube  of KY
   jelly from the night stand and had gotten onto the bed.  Joyce came over
   to the bed  and handed the  dildo to me  telling me to  help Pat get her
   cock on.  Taking the fat plastic shaft I spread Pat's legs exposing  her
   saved pink pussy  I licked her  smooth pink outer  lips and spread  them
   exposing  the  pink  inner  recesses  of  her cunt.  Seeing that she was
   already very wet I grabbed the  plastic cock and slowly pushed the  head
   into her hot cunt  causing her to twist  and moan with pleasure.   Joyce
   watched as I slowly probed her sisters slit with the large shaft until I
   had  buried  half  its  length  into  Pat's  quivering cunt.  Taking the
   harness I moved Pat to a kneeling position and fixed the harness  around
   her waist and pulled the straps down between her spread legs and snapped
   it around  the exposed  shaft making  sure the  straps rubbed  her stiff
   exposed clit.  Joyce who had  been sucking Pat's tits and  fingering her
   tight anus moved down and deep throated Pat's new cock taking the entire
   9 inches of plastic cock deeply into her mouth and throat as she  slowly
   probed Pat's anus with two fingers.

   Joyce pulled back and now descended  on my stiff tool ramming my  entire
   10 inches deep into  her throat as her  fingers pressed up my  throbbing
   asshole.  I could not resist the temptation and grabbed the fat  plastic
   shaft in Pat's pussy  pulling and pushing it  up her cunt as  Joyce deep
   throated my straining prick.  Soon Pat pulled Joyce's head off my  prick
   and moved her sister  into a doggy style  position and instructed me  to
   spread Joyce's ass cheeks and finger her sisters cunt.  I watched as Pat
   lubricated Joyce's pulsing  rectum with a  large amount of  the KY jelly
   forcing her  fingers deeply  into her  anus as  she used  her fingers to
   further stretch her sisters asshole.  Pat placed the end of the tube  in
   Joyce's anus and squeezed about half  of the tube of lubricant into  her
   now open  asshole.  Withdrawing  her fingers  Pat said  she was ready to
   start and motioned for  me to lay down.   I stretched out on  my back as
   Joyce climbed  up on  me placing  her shaved  pink pussy  just above  my
   raging cock.  Pat reached between Joyce's legs and held my prick against
   her sisters  cunt rubbing  the head  of my  stiff prick  against Joyce's
   erect clit  as she  slowly inserted  the dildo  into her sisters sopping
   cunt and probed Joyce's  hot pussy with the  plastic cock.  I could  see
   Joyce's pleasure mount as Pat continued to ream the thick plastic  shaft
   up Joyce and her own cunt as  she ground her hips into her sisters  firm
   ass cheeks.  After  a few minutes  of mutual pussy  reaming Pat withdrew
   the dildo letting it hang from  her own stretched pussy as she  inserted
   my stiff cock into Joyce's open cunt.  Feeling my cock in her cunt Joyce
   forced herself down on my meat until she had the whole ten inches buried
   up her quivering snatch.  Pat fingered her sisters well lubricated  anus
   pressing on my cock  thru Joyce's anal wall  until I the pressure  on my
   cock was brining  me close to  climax.  Sensing my  impending orgasm Pat
   stopped probing Joyce's asshole and  slowly forced the dildo up  Joyce's
   anus as she squeezed her  sisters tits.  Joyce started to  climax almost
   as soon as  Pat had the  dildo fully up  her sisters packed  asshole and
   Joyce's cunt began to convulse around my straining cock as each wave  of
   pleasure hit her.

   As soon as her initial orgasm had subsided Pat began to plunge her  fake
   dick in and out of her sisters asshole with long hard strokes ramming it
   fully up Joyce's tight  anus with each stroke.   I could feel the  dildo
   stroking my cock thru the wall of  Joyce's anus as I too rammed my  dick
   into  her  tightly  packed  cunt.   By  this  time  Joyce  was in almost
   continual orgasm and her cunt  clamped my dick like a  vise intensifying
   my excitement until I could no longer hold back my own climax.  I  began
   to cum pumping  river of hot  sperm deep into  her pussy and  bucking my
   stiff dick into her until I could feel the entrance of her womb on  each
   stroke.  Pat too was feeling the  pressure of the dildo she was  ramming
   up her sisters asshole in her  own stretched pussy and began to  cry out
   in pleasure as the  other end of the  dildo reamed her pussy  to climax.
   Soon Joyce collapsed on me unconscious from her climax and I could  feel
   Pat slow down her ass reaming strokes as she also felt the power of  her
   own orgasm.  We all lay there in  a sweaty heap of fucked out flesh  and
   panted while our breath returned.

   I thought I couldn't continue  but Pat was directing her  sister Joyce's
   mouth on my cock and demanding that Joyce and I double fuck her before I
   left.   Joyce  worked  on  my  now  sorry  cock for ten minutes until my
   erection started to return.  Seeing  that I would never get  hard enough
   to do a good job Joyce began to finger my asshole massaging my prostrate
   in an attempt to restore my former firmness.  Well I must say Joyce  did
   her work well and inside of five more minutes I was hard as a rock if  a
   little sore.  While Joyce  was working on me  Pat had removed the  dildo
   from her  sopping snatch  and had  planted it  up Joyce's dripping pussy
   making it fast with the straps.  Once Joyce was fully decked out in  her
   penis Joyce spread  her sisters ass  cheeks and began  to fill her  butt
   with the  rest of  the KY  jelly, forcing  her fingers  deeply into  her
   sisters hot tight asshole and emptying the rest of the tube into her hot
   anus.  Pat moved over my cock as her twin forced the exposed end of  the
   plastic cock up Pat's wide open cunt.  I rubbed the head of my cock into
   Pat's exposed clit making her  moan and thrust back against  her sisters
   eager thrusts  until Pat  climaxed wetting  my cock  with her juices and
   ramming the fake cock fully up her pulsing pussy.  Pat was ready now and
   she grabbed  my cock  ramming her  cunt down  on my  prick until  it was
   firmly wedged  up her  cunt along  with the  dildo.  Joyce  withdrew the
   plastic cock and forced the thick head into her sisters anus.  This made
   Pat climax again and she rammed herself back impaling her tight  asshole
   on the plastic monster.   Pat was like a  woman possessed as she  fucked
   her asshole and cunt on the two invading pricks until she was in a state
   of continual orgasm and  ended up passing out  just as I shot  a load of
   sperm deep  into her  cunt and  her sister  Joyce climaxed  replete with
   screaming moans.

   I was done for  the day and so  were the ladies so  we cleaned up and  I
   promised to visit them more often  in the future.  I love to  spend time
   with the  twins and  of late  they have  introduced me  to some of their
   other girlfriends, but more about them another time.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  