        Downloaded From:  The Geneva Convention Adult BBS 812-284-1321

                       The Twins (part 1)

               Brad and Barry seemed to be two brothers that were 
         normal in all appearances.  They did all the things that 
         twins would normally do together. They shared their closes
         as they were the exact same size. They played together all 
         during their childhood and got along pretty well at most 
         times. Not to say that they didn't have the usual childish 
         arguments. But all in all they seemed to be your ordinary 
         young boys. They even shared the same bedroom like brothers 
         of a close or same age would do.  But Brad and Barry were not 
         quite the ordinary boys.
               One day when the boys were about fourteen and their 
         bodies were really starting to mature, Barry was out in the 
         family garage just looking for something to do he was looking 
         through some of their Dad's tool chests he found a very 
         unusual and very exciting magazine.  As he thumbed through 
         the pages he was eyeing some very intersting pictures of 
         girls and guys doing something he had only heard about. One 
         picture showed a girl on her knees with a man kneeling behind 
         her sticking his really huge cock in her pussy. The sight did 
         some really strange things the Barry's prick. It made his 
         jeans seem very uncomfortable and soon he noticed something 
         oozing from the end of his dick. It wasn't long that he found 
         that if he rubbed his aching rod that he felt a really nice 
         tingly feeling begin to grow in the small of his back.  Soon 
         he had laid down his magazine a was stroking his prick with a 
         quickening pace. After only about a couple of minutes his 
         balls tightened up and he had his first orgasm. He was just 
         beside himself with this new found fun. So he picked the 
         magazine back up and starting thumbing trough it again. A 
         couple of pages later he saw the man sitting on the edge of a 
         chair and this girl was sitting between his legs with the 
         man's prick in her mouth. She had this really happy look on 
         her face and the man had his eyes squeezed shut. The next 
         page showed the man's cock shooting something out of it and 
         the girl was aiming it at her mouth and seemed to be 
         enjoying just like Barry would have enjoyed his favorite 
         candy. 
               By this time Barry's cock was raging hard and the head 
         was all purple and he had started to stroke himself to a 
         frenzy. The excitement got to him fast and he blew his load 
         all over his hand. "Wheweee!!", he said to himself "I bet 
         Brad's never seen nothing like this". So he quickly put his 
         dick into his pants, wiped off his hands on an old rag and 
         stuffed the magazine under his shirt and headed for the 
         house. 
               Once inside he peeked into the living room to check on 
         his Mom and saw that she busy watching TV. "Hi Mom, I'm going 
         upstairs to see what Brad's doing", just to let her know he 
         was around the house when dinner was ready and he headed up 
         to their room.
               "Hey Brad you're never gonna guess what I found out in 
         the garage". He was smiling like he found a new bkie. Brad 
         was busy building a new model car and didn't seem to 
         interested so he quickly closed the door and pulled out his 
         prize magazine and opened it to a page. Then he shoved it 
         front of his brothers face. Barry's face quickly grew red, 
         but he quickly stooped what he was doing and just stared at 
         the man and woman on the page who were in the middle of a 
         gut-wrenching orgasm where the girl was on top and the man 
         had just pulled his dick out as he was shooting a gigantic 
         load.
               "Where did you fing that", he whispered knowing that 
         their parents wouldn't approve of the two young boys being 
         privy to such forbidden stuff.  "I was looking around Dad's 
         tool boxes and I found this in the bottom of one", Barry said 
         with a big grin. "You should see some off the other pictures, 
         you won't beleive that two people could this kind of stuff".
               Then Barry quickly turned the magazine back to the 
         first page and the two boys started thumbing through one page 
         at a time. By the time they got to the fourth page both of 
         them had the biggest hard-ons that they had ever had. Brad 
         was very fidgety and his drawers were really starting to feel 
         to tight and Barry knew exactly how he felt. But he knew how 
         to fix it. Quickly he went and listened at the door and when 
         he was sure nobody was listening to the two boys in their 
         room he dropped his jeans and sat down next to his brother.
               "I figured this out when I first got a boner in the 
         garage earlier Brad. Watch me for a minute and then you can 
         try it too." He spit in his hand and slowly started to stroke 
         along the length of his raging cock. Before long he had his 
         eyes closed and was loosing himself in the best feeling of 
         his life so far. Brad was a little embarrassed at first but 
         after watching his twin brother seem to enjoy himself so much 
         he quickly followed suit. Shortly both boys were feeling the 
         urges of a spine-tingling orgasm that was to be the first of 
         many to come.  As they each reached that plateau that would 
         finally put them over the edge they both opened their eyes to 
         watch the others reaction. When their first spurts erupted it 
         was all they could do to stop from screamin out. But they bit 
         their lips and stroked faster until their feelings of ecstasy 
         had subsided. "Wow Barry, that was great", Brad saig gasping 
         for breath. "Yea, I know. You wanna look at some more 
         pictures and try again?"       
               "Brad and Barry, it's time for dinner",the boys mother 
         called up them. Surprised at all time time that had gone by 
         the boys quickly pulled up their jeans, took a few deep breaths 
         and headed for the door. Just as they were leaving the room 
         Brad quickly ran back and pushed the magazine under his 
         mattress. "we'll get back to that later" and both boys nodded 
         and smiled knowing that they'd be eating dinner faster than 
         normal.
               Down at the dinner table everything was already set 
         out for the evening meal. The boys each took a pork chop, 
         some mashed potatoes and of course they made sure to put some 
         vegetables on their plates. Both boys smiling all the while.
               "Well boys I received a letter from your sister today 
         and she says that she will be coming home for about a month 
         when college lets out after the spring semester". All the 
         time she was speaking Barry was just kind of dreamily staring 
         at his mother. He knew that since their dad had died a couple 
         of years ago that she hadn't been seeing any men even though 
         a few had sure tried hard enough to ask her out. He figured 
         with her good looks there must have been plenty of men who 
         wanted to get close to her. Today she was wearing a red tank 
         top which although it it wasn't overly revealing it did show 
         enough of a well rounded busom to stir Barry's interest. 
         Along with that she was wearing a pair of old jeans that she 
         had cut off into shorts that were cut just below the cheeks 
         of a firm yet well rounded ass.  After looking at the girls 
         in the magazine earlier, Barry was wonderingjust how she 
         relly did look without her clothes on. As for Brad, the 
         thought of his 19 year old sister coming home had him 
         thinking about how her body would compaare to sexy girls he 
         had been jerking off to earlier. Before either one of the 
         boys knew it they were both feeling pretty warm and they had 
         the worst case of stiff dick that either had ever had. They 
         both made an extra effort to finish their dinners and excused 
         themselves and off they went to their room.
               Once inside they quickly turned the radio so they could 
         talk and not be overheard in case their mother came by the 
         room. Then Barry quickly pulled the magazine back out from 
         under the mattress. "Check out the pictures a little farther 
         back", Barry practically tore the pages thumbing through 
         them. He quickly found the ones in question and showed them 
         to his brother. Brad ccouldn't beleive what he was seeing. 
         There was a girl on her hand and knees and there was one guy 
         sticking his really huge cock in her doggie style while there 
         was yet another guy sticking his fat prick in her mouth. the 
         next picture showed the guys shooting their wads and the one 
         was aiming it right in her mouth. By the look of the girl she 
         was really enjoying her feast.
               "Wow Brad, I never knew people did stuff like that", 
         "do you think that it would feel that good?"
               "I don't know, but from the looks of the smile on that 
         guys face I'd say he really likes it."
               "i sure would like to find someone to try it with, 
         wouldn't you"?
               With that in mind Brad came up with a real brainstorm 
         of an idea. "Hey why don't we try it out on each other?"
               "I don't know if I'd want to find out how that stuff 
         tastes", Barry said a little uncomfortably.
               "Come on Barry, we could do it to each other one at a 
         time at least once". "If it didn't tast good we can always 
         pull it out of our mouths before we get the whole wad in our 
         mouths and then we could spit out the rest". "Just look a the 
         the way that guy is smiling, and besides we'll never be able 
         to find any girls to try it with".
               With that Barry started to pull down his pants and Brad 
         was quick to follow suit. When each boy had gotten his pants 
         off Brad decided that since he had had to coax his brother 
         that he would go ahead and be the first to give it a try.
               "Okay Barry I'll sit on the floor by the side of the 
         bed and you sit with your butt on the edge of the bed and 
         I'll do you first. That way you'll know if the effort really 
         makes us feel like that guy in the book".
               "Okay, but I hope nobody finds out about this". He 
         quickly sat on the edge of the bed and Brad sat on the floor 
         looking up between his legs. He already had a raging hardon 
         of his own, but he new that his brother would soon be taking 
         care of that for him.
               As Barry sat there Brad slowly reached out and touched 
         his brother's hard smooth cock. He had never touched anybody 
         else's before and the smoothness of it gave him quite a 
         thrill.  He slowly rubbed it up and down a few times and then 
         hesitantly leaned his face over it and gave it a quick lick. 
         The taste that greeted his tongue wasn't anything like he 
         had expected, kind of salty tangy, but not bad. He quickly 
         licked it again but this time around the head and then up and 
         down the shaft. This time when he stopped he peeked up at his 
         brother. Barry was laying down now and he had his eys closed, 
         but Brad could see a slight smile crossing his lips. Taking that 
         as a good sign he decided to plunge right in and he put the 
         throbbing cock in his mouth.  It tasted the same only the 
         thought of what he was doing for his twin brother gave him a 
         shiver of excitement that was unbeleiveable. He started to 
         slowly raise and lower his mouth over the burning hot shaft. 
         He kept imagining what he would be feeling like when his own 
         cocked would be getting sucked and it seemed that he knew 
         just what to do. Before long he was moving his mouth up and 
         down faster and faster and he could feel his brother's cock 
         seem to get bigger and bigger in his mouth. He took a second 
         to look up at Barry and he was balling up his fist and 
         squeezing his eyes so tight that Brad knew something was 
         right. So he quickly swirled his tongue over the throbbing 
         head and there was a slightly sticky goo on the end which 
         blossemed into a sweet/tangy flavor that he quickly knew he 
         liked. He was moving his head up and down at quickening pace 
         that he knew would bring his brother off soon. Then all of 
         sudden his brother's dick swelled a bit more, he raised his 
         mouth for another plunge downward and there it was. Great 
         globs of cum. It was filling up his mouth so fast that he 
         thought he mind drown in it. But he was determined not to 
         lose a drop. So he started swallowing every delicious drop.
         Just when it seemed that it was slowing down another spasm 
         rocked his brother and there was more. Brad thought to 
         himself that this was great. So he kept moving up and down 
         and swallowing. Then Barry, who was really sky-rocketing off 
         lifted his hips and pushed his dick a far as he could. This 
         action forced his cock more than a little ways farther into 
         Brad's mouth. It slid right down to his throat and Barry gave 
         a final spurt and he started to buck his hips which started 
         a fucking motion in his brother's mouth. Brad soon realized 
         that he needed his releif too so he started backing off that 
         throbbing hunk. With that done Barry started to come back 
         down to earth.
               "Wow Barry you sure went off. I thought you would never 
         stop shooting that stuff", Brad said as he was licking his 
         lips.
               Barry was still gasping for breath when sat up and 
         looked at his brother. He could see a slight wetness around 
         his lips where some of his load had seeped out of his 
         mouth."I don't know if I can do it as good as you did, but I 
         think I know what that guy was feeling in that magazine. Let 
         me take another look at it so I can get an idea what to do". 
         He quickly picked up the book and gazed at the girl with the 
         fat cock in her mouth and the way she twirled her tongue 
         around it and he tingled with the thought of what had just 
         happened to him.
               "Okay, you lay down and let me see if I've got the 
         right idea". Brad quickly laid down on the edge of the bed 
         while Barry sat on the floor. Barry looked up at the new and 
         exciting tool of pleasure that was staring him right in the 
         face. He admired it's hardness. The way it seemed to shine 
         and throb with expectedness. Then he noticed those two balls 
         that were laying there also wanting to be sucked. He moved up 
         between Brad's legs and gently wrapped his hand around that 
         wondrous hunk of flesh and his other hand softly massaged 
         those sweet looking balls. Without knowing why he ducked his 
         head and ran his tongue along the underside of that sack. He 
         knew that maybe a sweet nectar was waiting there ready to 
         fill his mouth with something new. A pleasure yet to be 
         found. Next he opened his mouth and sucked one of those tasty 
         morsels in and rolled it around in his mouth. He was pleased 
         when he heard his brother let out a pleasurable sigh. It gave 
         him the incentive to go further still. As he continued to 
         suck on those balls he ran his tongue over them, massaging 
         them as if urging them to make plenty of that sweetness. Then 
         he let them out of his mouth with a pop. He liked the feeling 
         of knowing that he was doing something wild and exciting. He 
         grabbed the shaft and gently ran his teeth over it next 
         pretending it was an ear of corn. This was all new to him, 
         but he knew that it must feel great. After a few moments of 
         this he could see his brother starting to roll his head 
         around on the bed and he smiled. Then slowly he put his lips 
         on the head and just sucked. He sucked like he was sucking a 
         fresh frozen milkshake that was too thick to go through the 
         straw trying to draw out just a taste of was yet to come. 
         Next he poked his tongue into the little hole in the end to 
         see if this would give him that sample that he so wanted. 
         With that he was rewarded. For just then a small drop of pre-
         come came back on his tongue. He swirled it over his pallette 
         like it was caviar. Ohh what a treat he thought. I know I'll 
         love the rest to come. So he quickly put his mouth on that 
         great peice of meat and slid all the way down until he gagged 
         just a little. Then he raised his head until he almost let it 
         fall out, but he quickly slid down it again. All the time he 
         was sucking his brother's cock he was imagining it was own 
         that was being sucked and this seemed to give the expertise 
         that he needed to go on. As for Brad, he body was quickly 
         rising to an unbeleivable orgasmic height that he couldn't 
         beleive. It started with a little twinge in his sack has his 
         brother rolled his balls arounfd in his mouth. Then when 
         Barry nibbled on his cock it sent shivers up and down his 
         spine. But when his throbbing member was gobbled up almost to 
         the root it was almost to much to bear. He wished that it 
         could go on like this forever.
               While Barry was bobing his head up and down that 
         wondrous hunk he was still trying to think of a way that he 
         could keep sucking while his brother was shooting those thick 
         globs of cum. Then a light went off in his head. He quickly 
         backed of the now glistening rod and said, "Hey Brad, I want 
         to try something different. Why don't you stand up on the 
         side of the bed. Then I'll lay down on my back with my head 
         over the side. Then I'll open my mouth as wide as I can and 
         you can put your cock in a little at a time. I'll try to let 
         you know if you go to fast, but I bet if we do it right you 
         should be able to put your whole cock in my mouth and even 
         down my throat". Brad was a little dissappointed at having 
         this change right in the middle of what was going to be the 
         best cum of his life, but when he thought of fucking Barry's 
         mouth he was quick to jump off the bed. Barry quickly laid 
         down close to edge of the bed and let his head drop over the 
         side. Brad could hardly wait. As soon as Barry opened his 
         mouth Brad was right there to push his anxious cock into that 
         warm wet orafice. It was pretty hard to not just jam his 
         throbbing rod right in, but he didn't want to hurt his twin 
         brother so he took it easy. He slowly eased in the head and 
         let that sit there waiting for his brother to give the signal 
         for more. Meanwhile Barry was really starting to enjoy the 
         feel of this hot meat sliding past his lips. As soon as his 
         brother put his cock head into his mouth he immediately 
         started in with a hard sucking that he knew would make Brad's 
         toes curl. But he didn't want his brother to shot off to fast 
         before he had a chance to get all of him in his mouth. So he 
         reached behind him with his hands and felt for Brad's hips. 
         When he felt them he held on and pulled forward to show that 
         he was ready for more. With this sign Brad slowly started to 
         push his eager cock into that warm cavern of a mouth. "This 
         is fucking great", he sighed. "I wish I'd thought of it". But 
         Barry could barely hear him as he was putting all his 
         attention on sucking that hard pillar down into is waiting 
         throat. He had about half of in by now and he was soon 
         accustomed to the feel of it so he pulled his brother in even 
         more. At this point Barry could just start to fell it press 
         against his throat. He felt a little gag at first, but he 
         told himself that that would ruin it so he put it out of mind 
         and just kept inching farther and farther in. All the while 
         he was flicking his tongue over the shaft to keep it wet and 
         slippery. Brad was nearly over the edge by this time, but he 
         wanted to be able to look down and see his whole cock 
         dissappear into that mouth so he tried to think of something 
         else that would keep him from shooting to soon.
               There was only about an inch left now and Barry was 
         sure he could finish this off with ease. So quickly pulled 
         his brother's hip forward with a jerk and was surprised and 
         delighted when he felt his pubic hair tickle his nose. His 
         heart raced at the thought of having at least six inches of 
         hard throbbing cock laying in his throat just waiting to 
         explode at any time. Brad opened his eyes when he felt his 
         hips bang Barry's head and the sight almost pushed him over 
         the edge. But he wanted to get at least three or four could 
         thrusts down that wonderful throat before he unloaded his 
         thich supply of sweetness. So he slowly pulled back all the 
         way to the head and slowly pushed back in again, all the time 
         watching to see if Barry showed any signs of distress. When 
         he saw none knew that he would be over the edge on his fourth 
         plunge so he decided to just go for it. Barry also knew from 
         that second push that it was going to be easy to let that 
         cock slide in and out as fast as it wanted and he was ready. 
         With each stroke outward he kept his tongue along the 
         underside of the cock and then quickly swirled it around the 
         head before it started pressisng forward again. With all this 
         happening to his prick Brad was hard as rock and his eyes 
         were glazing over. His knees felt like jelly and his balls
         were on fire. He pulled out for the third time and quickly 
         rammed it home again all rhe way to the root and when he 
         started to back off for the fourth time his tooes curled up 
         and he felt liquid fire racing along the length of his cock. 
         He quickly pushed it back in that cavern of joy and there it 
         was. Great thich glogs of cum were firing out of the end his 
         prick. Barry was caught a little by surprise at the sudden 
         rush of his brother. But then he felt the cock twitch and 
         swell even more so he pulled on Brad's hips to force the 
         throbbing cock into his throat and just as he did it let go 
         with it first spurt of liquid treasure. This went right past 
         his tongue and down his gullet. Barry was a little surprised 
         at how much actually came out. It felt like he had already 
         swallowed a whole cup full and it was starting to spasm 
         again. By this time Brad was out of control. All he knew was 
         that he wanted to plunge his cock in and out as much as 
         possible before the electricity that was running from his 
         toes to his scalp stopped. So he pulled out for another 
         plunge. When he did this his second spasm shot his load full 
         onto Barry's tongue. Barry nevered imagined that the human 
         body could make something that tasted this delicious. It was 
         like ambrosia. It was hot, but it was so sweet that it made 
         his head spin. He hoped that there was more. So to help it 
         along he started sucking again. When Brad felt the renewed 
         sucking it was all he could do not to yell out. But instead 
         he just pistoned his cock into those lips like a battering 
         ram. When he shot his third load it just sort of trickled out 
         of the head and the electricity in his back kind of ran out 
         with it. But he gave one final thrust to be sure there was no 
         more and then he just leaned over and rested his head on his 
         brother's stomach to catch his breath. But Barry was so 
         caught up in the act that he was still sucking that wondrous 
         meat trying to get another few drops across his tongue. He 
         must have sucked for another minute or two when he realized 
         that his brother was through and just has he was letting the 
         know soft prick slide from his lips he caught one last drop 
         from the head that he quickly licked away and rolled around 
         his mouth.
               By this time Brad was coming back to earth and he 
         realized that Barry was licking his lips and smiling at him. 
         "You devil you. How did you think of that idea?" He said 
         between gasps. Barry rolled over onto his stomach and pulled 
         up the magazine that was all but forgotten on the side of the 
         bed and opened it the the picture of the man and woman 
         fucking doggy style and showed his twin brother. "See, that 
         man was shoving his dick into pussy real far and she seemed 
         to like it and so did he. Well I figured that we don't have a 
         pussy of our own, but your mouth felt awfullygood to me so I 
         figured that maybe if I was able to take you all the way into 
         my throat that maybe that would almost as good". "Almost as 
         good! I've never had my dick in a girl's pussy before, but it 
         feels better then that I think it could kill ya." With that 
         both boys laughed and hugged each other. Then they quickly 
         remembered that they must have been in the room for sometime 
         and their mother would be suspicious. So they quickly changed 
         into their pajamas went into the bedroom and ran a comb 
         through their hair and decided that they were each hungry for 
         a snack before going to bed for the night.
               As they were walking down the stairs they could hear 
         the TV playing one of the nightly soaps and they knew that 
         their mother had hardly even noticed that they weren't around 
         interrupting her TV show.


               Stay tuned for further adventures of Brad and Barry!
