Orgin: The Geneva Convention Adult BBS 812-284-1321
Clarksville, Indiana

         Part 5 of the continuing story of Barry and Brad
 ********************************************************************

               When Bonnie and the twins saw that bid grey bus roll to 
         a stop they could hardly contain themselves long enough to 
         let Amy get off the bus. They seen each other for six long 
         months and each was dying to see how the other had been and 
         to let them know how much they had been missed.
               When Amy stepped off the bus Barry was the first to 
         sweep her up and he gave her a squeeze that nearly crushed 
         her ribs. She immediately noticed how he had grown. She 
         couldn't beleive that this was her baby brother who not long 
         ago was barely as tall as her shoulders. Now he was nearly at 
         eye level with her and she could the beginnings of a hard 
         young body that had sprouted while she was gone.
         "Take it easy brother. I've missed you to". She gave him a 
         light kiss on the cheek as he set her down and then turned to 
         face her mom and Brad. "Hi, mom. Is it ever good to see you. 
         You can't beleive how much I've been missing you all". She 
         gave her mother a hug and a kiss and then waited to see if 
         Brad would give her the same tight squeeze as Barry. "Well, 
         haven't you got a hug for your big sister too"?
               When Brad had first seen her step off the bus he 
         couldn't beleive his eyes. When she left he had only thought 
         of her as his older sister. The girl who always teased him 
         and Barry about being the bobbsie twins and never really 
         spent alot of time with them. But now, after the things he 
         had learned in the past few months, it was as if he saw 
         somebody totally different. Now he noticed how nice her butt 
         looked in her tight jeans. How her breast pushed against the 
         material of her tank top, just begging to be released. And 
         those legs now came together and formed what could be a 
         promise of sheer delight.
               "Oh yea, Hi Amy. It sure will be nice to have you home 
         for the sumer. You are staying home all summer aren't you"?
               "Of course I am you silly boy. I never thought I'd be 
         saying this, but I actually missed you guys while I was away. 
         I wouldn't go back early for anything". She quickly hugged 
         him and started to walk over to the luggage that was now 
         sitting next to the bus.
               "I'll get that sis, you got to be tired after riding 
         that thing all night", and Brad and Barry quickly grabbed up 
         her bags.
               During the ride home the two women made small talk in 
         the front seat and the boys were kind of left to themselves. 
         Brad was day-dreaming about what she must look like under 
         those tight clothes and it was causing him feel a little warm 
         and it was also giving him the early stages of a stiff prick.
               They soon arrived home and they all helped Amy get 
         settled back into her room. After the twins and her mom left 
         her alone to freshen up, Amy started thinking about the way 
         Brad had been looking her over. "I wonder if that little 
         rascal has started fooling around the neighborhood girls"? 
         She thought to herself. "Well he is sixteen and I guess thats 
         about when I first started to wonder about boys. Well let him 
         imagine about this girls body". She giggled to herself then 
         decided to take a quick shower before going downstairs for 
         lunch.
         "Man, did you see how sweet she looked in those jeans". Brad 
         now had a full fledged hard-on and it was threatening to 
         burst through his zipper.
               "What are you talking about? We haven't seen Amy in six 
         months and thats all you can think about is how nice an ass 
         she's got"? 
               "Come on Barry. You can't tell me you didn't noticed 
         what nice tits she's got. You sure did squeeze her awful hard 
         back there at the bus stop". Brad had started to rub his cock 
         through his pants, but he knew that that would never do.
               "I didn't even give it a thought. We haven't seen her 
         for so long. I really missed her. Didn't you"? Barry was 
         starting to get a little ticked-off at his insensitive 
         brother.
               "Of course I missed her stupid. But I couldn't help but 
         notice how good she looks. Do you think she fools around 
         while she's away at college"? Brad now had his cock out and 
         was starting to stroke it as he thought about those lucious 
         tits.
               "Maybe she does screw around. I know I would if I were 
         in college. In fact we screw around enough right now, and 
         we're still in high school". When Barry noticed his brother 
         stroking his erect member he decided that two could play that 
         game and he dropped to his knees and quickly removed Brad's 
         hand from his now throbbing rod. "I'll fix this for you" he 
         said as he slowly slid his wet lips over that hot pillar of 
         flesh.
               As soon as his dick made contact with Barry's mouth, 
         Brad imagined it was Amy's tight pussy that was massaging his 
         prick and that she was fucking him doggy style. He immediately 
         started to move his hips back and forth in rythm to Barry's 
         sucking.
               Barry liked this. He didn't mind sticking his dick into 
         a nice hot pussy, but he really liked the feel of a throbbing 
         hunk of meat shooting big globs of cream down his throat. He 
         speeded up his sucking and was rewarded with that first taste 
         of pre-cum that leaked from the head of the now expanding 
         cock between his lips. He knew that Brad would be shooting 
         real soon and he wanted to savor every drop, so he slowed 
         down a bit and reached up and rolled Brad's ball between his 
         fingers. This caused Brad to make a little gasping sound and 
         his balls to tighten.
               When Barry pushed his head down for one more stroke the 
         cock erupted full force. It filled up his cheeks with enough 
         goo that it started to almost leak out past his lips. He 
         quickly swallowed and steaded himself for the next blast. 
         That soon followed, although it wasn't quite as much, it was 
         coming out so fast that most of it ran down his throat before 
         he could catch the last few drops on his tongue. This he let 
         roll over his gums, while he eased back up the burning rod. 
         When he had just the head left in his mouth, he gave the 
         balls a final squeeze, which caused that last drop to trickle 
         onto his tongue and then he gave it one last hard suck before 
         pulling it out and tucking it neatly back in Brad's pants.
               "Wow, that felt almost as good as when we first tried 
         it. Brad's face was returning to normal, but still showing a 
         slightly red glow from his now eased passions.
               Barry ran his tongue over his lips to check for any 
         stray moisture that might have escaped his hungry mouth. When 
         he knew that his experienced lips had not failed him he said,
         "Well now that that little problem is taken care of, maybe we 
         should go dowm stairs and see what mom ahs fixed special for 
         lunch. That appetizer has made me hungry".
               Both boys were smiling and giggling as they headed down 
         the stairs to the kitchen.
               Downstairs Amy and Bonnie were just finishing setting 
         the table. "Hey guys, what you been up to? You used to run 
         downstairs so fast to eat we thought an army was coming". 
         Both boys knew she was just kidding around.
               "Oh, we were just talking about what we might do 
         tonight. Maybe we'll just stay around here with you Amy. I 
         think mom has to work again tonight, so we should stay around 
         and spend some time with you".
               "I'm surprised you remembered about my extra shift 
         tonight.  That's right Amy, I do ahve to go in tonight. I 
         tried to trade off with Mrs. Phelps, but she had already made 
         plans, so it couldn't be helped. Besides, I know you three 
         have probably got alot to talk about anyway". Bonnie was a 
         little upset about having to go to work on herr daughter's 
         first day home, but she had arranged to have off the day 
         after so she knew that the kids could get along one night 
         without her.
               Dinner went along uneventfully. They had Amy's favorite,
         meatloaf, augratin potatoes , brocoli and garden salad. "So 
         what are you three going to do tonight"? Bonnie was almost 
         finished with her meatloaf and was feeling full.
               "I thought I would stay home tonight mom. I'm kind of 
         beat from the trip, and besides I want to call some of my 
         friends and let them know I'm home". Amy wasn't all that 
         hungry and she was just kind of pushing her food around on 
         her plate.
               "Me and Brad are going to watch this new T.V. show that 
         comes on at eight. It supposed to a new science fiction show 
         that might come on every week later. It sounds really good". 
         Barry really liked the brocoli and he was going back for 
         thirds.
               "Yea mom, then after that we'll probably play a little 
         video games and go to bed". Brad sitting there kind of day-
         dreaming and Barry knew that he was probably fantasising 
         about how Amy would look nude again.
               "Well it sounds like you kids can get along alright 
         tonight. We'll try amd plan something together later in the 
         week. I'll make sure I can get off a little more so we can go 
         to the movies or something". Then she picked up her plate and 
         set it in the sink. "Barry, I want you boys to clean up the 
         kitchen and let your sister rest. OK. We don't want her 
         coming home and have to start doing household chores right 
         away". 
               Buy the time she was walking up the stairs Brad and 
         Barry were done eating and they wanted to get done with the 
         dishes quickly so Brad said, "Come on Sis. Why aren't you 
         eating? If you're done we'll pick up here and you can go make 
         them phone calls".
               "You two sure have grown up alot. I'm almost afraid to 
         go back to college. Who knows what you'll be like next 
         summer". She smiled at them both and slid back in her chair. 
         "I guess I'm still a little too tired to eat much tonight. 
         Thanks for helping your big sister out. I think I'll see if 
         Cheri is home, maybe she can come over later".
               The boys quickly cleaned up the dishes and put the 
         extra food in the refrigerator and then they went outside.
               "Amy". Bonnie called her daughter from her room as she 
         was getting dressed for work.
               "Yea mom. I'll come up in a second". Amy put down her 
         phone book and walked up the stairs to her mother's room. 
               "Amy, I hope you don't mind spending your first night 
         home with the twins. They're pretty good boys now adays and I 
         know you three can get along alot better that last summer. 
         Besides, they were so excited last night and this morning 
         about you coming home. I don't know if I told you this on the 
         phone, but I think Brad's got a girl friend. They're really 
         growing so fast. I haven't noticed Barry paying any particular
         attention to the girls, but I think he'll come around soon 
         enough". Bonnie was just pulling on her half slip and when 
         she bent over to put her legs through Amy was surprised to 
         see that her mom's tits were still pretty firm. When Bonnie 
         put her arms through the straps of her bra Amy helped her 
         with the snaps.
               "Are you sure Brad's got a girl friend? I did notice 
         that he's grown a few inches since last summer". 
               Bonnie smiled. She wanted to tell her exactly where 
         those few inches had grown, but she didn't want to say 
         anything to shoch her daughter. And besides, Amy wouldn't be 
         home all that long and then Bonnie would have those two young 
         studs all to herself again.
               "Well sweetheart, how does your mom look"? She was 
         wearing a skirt that was a little tight across the hips but 
         it wasn't too short. But the blouse she had on was cream 
         colored and a little see-through and she ahd left it un-
         buttoned to just above her bra. It showed plenty of cleavage.
               "I sure hope I look that good when I'm a mom. With 
         blouses like that you'll have patients coming back even when 
         they're not sick". Amy Smiled at her mom and gave her a 
         little hug. "It sure is nice to be home mom. I'm glad I 
         didn't change my mind".
               "What do you mean Amy? Were you thinking about not 
         coming home"? 
               "Well there's this guy I've been seeing pretty regular 
         this semester and he wanted me to stay there and spend the 
         summer with him. But I told him that I really wanted to come 
         home this summer. Besides, it's only about two months. If he 
         still wants to see me, he'll still be there when I get back. 
         Also I told him to call me in a few days and maybe he could 
         come here".
               "Sure Amy. Any friend of your's is welcome here. It's 
         nice to hear that you're not spending all your time in your 
         books while you're at school. Well look, I've got to get 
         going or I'll be late. We'll talk about your love life later 
         OK. I'll see you when you get up tomorrow". She gave Amy a 
         kiss on the cheek and then started down the stairs.
               "OK mom, see you in the morning. Don't work to hard".
         
               Later after Bonnie had been gone for an awhile and 
         Amy had about talked herself out on the phone she said good-
         bye to Cheri and went in the living room to look for the 
         boys.
               They were watching some weird T.V. show that Amy knew 
         she wouldn't like she said, "I think I'll go upstairs and get 
         a shower and get ready for bed. If you guys want a snack 
         later I'll help you get something when I'm done".
               Both boys were wrapped up in the TV and barely heard 
         her walk up the stairs. When the program stopped for a 
         commercial Brad finally realized what Amy had been saying and 
         he got an idea.
               "I think I'll go to the room and try to find comic book 
         I've been missing Barry. You finish watching the show and be 
         back in a few minutes".
               "Yea sure".  He was still stairing at the TV and didn't 
         even think about what Brad was saying. All he knew was that 
         when the program started and alien was going to probably get 
         shot full of holes by the cop and he could hardly wait to see 
         all the guts.
               Brad quietly walked up the stairs. He knew exactly what 
         he wanted to do. He wanted to try and get a peek of his bis 
         sister. Hopefully while she was getting undressed. As he 
         walked down the hall he noticed that he didn't hear the 
         shower running and his heart began to race at the thought of 
         actually seeing those two luscious tits and maybe even a peek 
         of her furry snatch. He didn't know why, but just the thought 
         of stealing a glimpse of Amy's naked torso sent a heat wave 
         through his spine that ended up in his prick.
               As he got closer to her room he soon found that she 
         hadn't closed her door all the way. He tip-toed up to the 
         door and listened to see if maybe she might be getting ready 
         to come out into the hall. The sounds that his ears picked up 
         sent an electric message directly to his rod. Amy was making 
         low moaning sounds. Not very loud, but just enough that he 
         could hear her while he listened at the door. He cautiously 
         put his eye up to the key hole of her door and the sight that 
         caught his eye almost made him fall over, which for sure 
         would have given him away. She was laying on the bed. She had 
         her eyes closed and she had both hands rubbing her now wet 
         pussy. With each stroke she was raising her hips off the bed 
         and making that sound that quickly caused Brad's cock to 
         reach full erection. After a few seconds of this she was 
         stsrting to reach her peek, but Brad still hadn't been able 
         to see her cunt because of her hands. He could see her tits. 
         They were everything he had imagined. Full, round and so firm 
         that they didn't even sag down on her sides as she lay there. 
         Each was topped with a light pink ring the size of a quarter. 
         But her nipples were as long as the first joint of his little 
         finger and were as stiff as his cock and pointing right at 
         the ceiling.
               Just as he was sure that she was going to blow her wad 
         she put both hands on her breasts and started to tug at her 
         already extended nipples. That when he saw it. He pussy was 
         as clear of hair as it was when they had taked baths 
         together as kids. She had shaven it as smooth as the rest of 
         her flawless skin. And right now it was wide open and the 
         juices were running like a river.
               Upon seeing this Brad lost all hesitation. He pulled 
         off his shorts to ease to pressure against his throbbing cock 
         and stood up and slowly pushed open the door making sure all 
         while that Amy was still wrapped up her temultous climax. He 
         quietly padded over to her bed. He took one last glance at 
         his orgasmic older sister and lost control. He leaned over 
         her bed and put his mouth over her over flowing pussy and 
         immediately began lapping up the over abundance of juices.
               When Amy had gone up to her room she was thinking of 
         her last night on campus. She was already missing her lover 
         and his huge throbbing prick. She knew that she would 
         probably be seeing him before too long, but that didn't make 
         up what she needed now. As soon as she got to her room she 
         started stripping off her clothes. She hadn't even taken the 
         time to be sure the door was closed. When she had her slacks 
         off her hand immediately went to her now swollen pussy lips. 
         The moisture she found there let her know that sher cunt 
         needed some attention. She laid on the bed and started remem-
         bering that last mind blowing climax and started to frig her 
         clit. When Brad started to lap at her pussy she was so far 
         into her fantasy that she didn't realize who was with her. 
         With each stroke of that wonderful tongue her body responded 
         more and more. Bringing her closer to that plateau that she 
         craved.
               As Brad licked the sweet nectar from her hole he 
         immediately noticed her response. With each swipe of his 
         tongue across that sensitive hole her body started to rise up 
         to meet his oral digits probe. This reaction urged him on to 
         make an even bolder move. He moved his legs up on the bed and 
         quicklystraddled her head with a knee on either side of her 
         face. With one hand he guided his throbbing cock to her lips. 
         He rubbed the sensitive head over her lips a few times until 
         she open that hot oral cavity to let out another gasp and 
         thats when he drove it home.
               As Amy was nearing her orgasm, her mouthed had a deeo 
         sense of emptiness that desparately needed filling. Thinking 
         that she was with or lover, forgeting that she was home in 
         her own bed she opened ehr lips to search for that throbbing 
         hunk of meat that she knew would give her mouth that fullness 
         that it desired. As she opened her hot lips she was rewarded 
         with the hot pillar of flesh that she knew would give her 
         that hot cream. When her tongue first felt the mighty 
         fountain of flesh it immediately made the little swirling 
         motions across the cap and then down the underside. Next she 
         slid her wanton lips up the great pillar. She desparately 
         needed to feel those tremendous spasms that she knew would 
         fill her mouth with great gobs of cum.
               As Amy slid her now wet lips down his burning shaft, 
         shivers of delight ran through Brad's balls. This caused his 
         to pick up the tempo on the gyrating bald pussy under his 
         tongue. He stretched his lips out and made an air tight seal 
         over her pubes and started a suction that would asure him of 
         sucking every sweet drop of her pussy juice. Next he ran his 
         tongue over every  inch of hot cunt, finally darting his 
         tongue into her now gushing hole. Then he started making 
         fucking motions with his tongue trying to push her body up 
         and over the edge of a mind blowing orgasm.
               When Amy felt her pussy being invaded by this hot oral 
         digit she almost passed out from the pleasure. She reached 
         out her hands and grabbed onto his hips and forced his 
         thobbing member deep into her throat. This was her favorite 
         part of turning on. She loved the wanton feel of having a 
         cock plunge down her throat. Knowing that soon she would be 
         getting the hot protein nectar that she craved. As soon as 
         she was sure that his cock would continue the fucking motion 
         she reached back withone hand rolled his balls around.
               This sensation pushed Brad over the edge. With a 
         powerful lunge her buried his cock into her throat and let go 
         with a flood of hot man juice. It felt as if his cock was 
         going to shoot right off and continue down her throat. His 
         prick gave spasm after spasm seeming like it would never stop 
         shooting that liquid fire. He also clamped his mouth down 
         even harder over the tasty pussy a gave the clitoris a nudge 
         with his tongue that started her pussy vibrating. When he 
         knew she was apst the point of no return he plunged his 
         tongue into her dark tunnel to the hilt.
               When Amy felt her flood gates open she didn't hold back 
         one bit. She poured forth with one gut wrenching spasm after 
         mind blowing orgasm and let flood after flood pour into her 
         lovers mouth. She loved the feel of the spasming cock in her 
         throat and the delicious cum that seemed to never stop 
         shooting from its tip. She savored every delicious drop like 
         it was a nectar from the gods. When she felt the hot man 
         flesh start to ebb its flow of juices she knew that that part 
         of her fun was over but she also knew that with just the 
         right coaxing his now softening rod would be able to fill her 
         other craving cavern and give yet another mind blowing cum.
               When Brad felt her body slow down and his own cock 
         start to deflate, the reality of where he was and what ehhad 
         done started to bring his senses back. But then Amy did 
         something totally unexpected. She pulled his cock back down 
         into her throat and she made little swallowing sounds which 
         made a massaging feeling on his cock. This started to 
         rekindle the fire in his balls and made his member start to 
         rise again. When he felt his cock get hard again he started 
         fucking her face.
               When Amy felt that rod grow straight in her mouth again 
         she knew that she was ready. Without even opening her 
         eyes(she was too far wrapped up in her dream to even realize 
         that they were closed), she slid her lips off the shaft, 
         turned around and guided that hot prick to her anxious pussy.
               When Brad felt his cock head touch the petals of her 
         gushing cunt he gave his hips a slow push and sank his dick 
         in upto the root. The feeling was unbeleivable. Her pussy 
         grasped every inch of his thobbing cock. When he felt it 
         touch the end of that hot cavern he stopped dead to savor the 
         feeling of this delicious pussy and also gaze down at her 
         yearning tits. He quickly lowered his head and sucked the 
         rock hard nipple into his lips.
               When Brad made only one plunge into fiery cavern Amy 
         broke out of her trance. She was intending to wrap her arms 
         around him and pull him in close. But when she opened her 
         eyes she thought that she must be seeing things. That was her 
         younger brother' face above her and it was  moist and shiny. 
         She knew that when she lay down on her bed that she was alone 
         and she figured that she ahd beoughther self to those mind 
         blowing orgasms. Then she ran her tongue over her lips and it 
         picked up that taste of nectar. Also her pussy was completely 
         stuffed with a delicious cock. A cock that was starting to 
         make her body respond. How could this have happened? Brad 
         must have come by her room for something and heard her moans. 
         Well there was no stopping her body now. It demanded release 
         and she knew that he was also getting nearer that point.
               "Brad, your cock is driving me crazy. PLease don't 
         stop. Come on pound that fucker into me. Make me cum. Give 
         that hot juice".
               When Brad heard those words it sent him on to orbit. He 
         started to slam his hips into her with gigantic force. Each 
         downward stroke made a slapping sound as their hips collided. 
         Each stroke sent new thrills through his cock.
               "Are you almost ready Amy? Are you going to cum to"?
               "Ohhh yesss. Keep pounding that big dick into Brad. I'm 
         almost therrrre"!!!! With that she went over the edge. Her 
         body seemed to be one endless spasm. Wave after wave hit her. 
         Her mind seemed to be in a tornado and her pussy was it's 
         vortex trying to suck the cum from his balls.
               Brad felt something like molten fire creep up from his 
         balls and come rushing through his dick and shoot from the 
         head. "I'mmmmm there Amy. I'mmmm there. CAn you feel my cum 
         fill your cunt"?  Torrent after torrent kept rushing from his 
         throbbing member. Great floods of cum filled her overflowing 
         cavern.
               Amy could feel every throb of cock as he emptied his 
         being into her waiting hole. He filled her up so that she 
         could feel it run back out and drip down the crack of her 
         ass.
               When she felt it finally start to stop her pussy gave a 
         little squeeze to milk him of any juice that remained and 
         then they both started to come back to earth.
               When they both had semi-returned to normal Amy looked 
         up into his eyes and said, "I don't know what made you come 
         up her, or why I didn't even notice, but you sure do know how 
         to make a girl feel good. My pussy is still throbbing".
               Brad took a deep breath and said, "I couldn't help it 
         sis. When I saw you today getting off the bus. How hot you 
         looked dressed the way you were I knew I just had to get a 
         glimpse of you naked. After you came up here to get ready for 
         a shower I figured that if I snuck up here without you 
         hearing me that I might be able to get a chance to see you 
         without you noticing me out there. But when I got to the door 
         I heard you making those sounds, well it got to me. So I 
         peeked in the door. When I saw you playing with yourself I 
         forgot all about who you were and who I was. And when I saw 
         that you had shaved your pussy I knew I had to get a taste of 
         your hairless pie".
               At first Amy was a little embarrassed, but then she 
         just laughed. "Well you sure know how to surprise your big 
         sister. I don't know where you learned to use that tongue, 
         but you can use it on me any time".
               When Brad heard this it sent a throb back into his 
         cock, which somehow had managed to stay in Amy's now flooded 
         cunt. "You want to go another round before mom gets home"?
               "Oh wow, I almost forgot about mom. Sure, I'd love to 
         give that great cock another ride, but this time I get the 
         top".
               She rolled him over on his back and started a slow easy 
         up and down that they both knew wouldn't last too long but it 
         would have to do for now. After all they had all the rest of 
         the summer........


                           more to cummm........
