Archive-name: Family/twinsis.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: My Twin Sisters


Part 1: The Hole in the Attic

Only a half hour until everyone gets home.  I must work fast to
finish the job.  I plug in the drill and hurry up into the attic. 
Ah, here is the spot.  The drill spins as I press in down into
the wooden floor.  And then, light.  I pull out the drill and
look down into the hole.  Yes, perfect.  From here, I can see all
of their room.  My calculations were right.  I race down and go
into the room of my sisters; they are twins and two years old
than I.  I look up at the ceiling.  With the intricate pattern of
clowns, teddy bears, and other drawings my parents placed on the
ceiling when they were young, it was hard to see the hole.  Yes,
even though I knew where the hole was, I was hard pressed to see
it.  A quick cleanup with the vacuum and the room was returned to
normal... or so it seemed.

That night, I was curious to see how well my idea had worked.  I
crept up the attic stairs, which were in my room.  Slowly, I
moved towards the light beam coming up from the hole in the
floor.  My eye pressed down over it, I looked.  Inside, I could
see Becky sitting at her desk doing homework.  She was the
smarter and quieter of my two sisters.  Her 16 year old identical
twin Robyn was looking over a Glamour magazine while she listened
to some music on her box.  Most people can't tell then apart, but
for their brother, it was no problem.

After a few minutes I got bored.  Sure, I had a great view of the
room, but so what?  I crept back down to my room.  About an hour
later, I felt a bit sleepy and so started to get ready for bed. 
I slipped out into the hall to use the bathroom, but when I saw
the door open, I slipped back in.  I watched as Robyn darted from
the bathroom in a towel and into her room.  Suddenly I realized,
this was my chance.  I closed my door and raced to the attic and
the hole.  There was Robyn, still in the towel.  She brushed her
hair as she looked into the mirror.  Becky, she was still hard at
work over her books.  And then, the moment I was waiting for. 
She opened the towel and dropped it to the floor.  Her back
facing me, I looked at her butt.  Instantly, my teenage hormones
kicked in and I could feel a boner coming on.  She turned around
and for the first time I was able to look at her in the buff. 
Her breasts were on the small side, but still rather pronounced. 
A glance at her pubic area revealed a thick patch of black hair. 
Robyn walked over to her bed and grabbed her nightshirt and
pulled it over her head.  What?  No underwear.  This was
interesting.

But then, it hit me.  This was my sister.  I wasn't supposed to
be looking at her body.  I wasn't supposed to have an erection
for her.  But, the more ashamed I felt about it, the hornier I
became.  After all, I was just looking.  Nothing wrong with that.

I decided not to wait for Becky.  She would be at the books for a
while.  And besides, I really had to relieve my erection.  So I
slipped back into my room.  I grabbed the pillow off my bed and a
spare that we keep in the closet and tossed them on the floor.  I
lowered my jeans and underpants to allow my erection to spring
free.  Being 14, jacking off was now a way of life for me.  I
started a little over a year before and discovered the fun of
playing with my penis.  All sorts of things I had tried, from
using my hand to using a roll of toilet paper to pillows.  Well,
tonight I was in the pillow mood.  I got down on the floor and
pushed my penis up, so the head was touching my navel.  Down I
went, until my cock was trapped between me and the stack of
pillows.  My hands went under the top pillow and settled right
below the groin.  Slowly, I slid my lower body back and forth. 
Ever once in a while, I'd push upward with my hands to gain a
little burst of extra feeling in my prick.  Just as I was about
to ejaculate, I sat up and grabbed at the pole.  Placing a tissue
at the tip, I rubbed with my free right hand until thick white
cream shot from the tip of my penis into the tissue.

A little curious, I looked into the tissue.  It wasn't totally
white, but had a little yellow tinge to it.  And there were these
really thick rubbery things floating around in the pool.  I
placed a finger in to feel them.  Whenever I have to piss, I get
this yellow tinge and the rubber bits.  Seemed obvious why, so I
never worried.  A squeeze on the head of my penis produced a glob
of seaman on my prick.  I wiped it off with my finger and then
ran the finger down my penis.  Time to clean up, so I wiped off
my finger and my cock.  I wrapped the tissue in a piece of paper
and tossed in the crumpled paper into a brown paper bag I had
hidden under my bed.  Looking inside, I could smell the smell of
old sperm.  And from the amount inside, it was obvious I had been
jacking off often recently.  Every few weeks, I take the bag to
school in my backpack and lose it in the dumpster behind the
cafeteria.

Part 2: Thinking Leads to Seeing

The very next night I went back up to the attic to see what I
could see.  The thought of Robyn's breasts had been on my mind
all day.  During lunch, I went into the boy's room to jack off. 
I stepped up to the urinal and pulled out my penis and rapidly
jacked it back and forth.  But then, Mr. Summers, the principal
walked in and I had to stuff my cock back into my pants and
leave.

And the though of her lower region.  The thick black hair
covering the stuff that made her a woman.  But no, she was my
sister.  Breasts were one thing, but this was her sexual stuff.

I looked through the hole.  As usual, Becky was at work.  Robyn
was in the shower and would obviously be entering the room soon
in her towel.  And sure enough, she did.  As one sister entered
the room, her twin got up from her books and went to shower.  In
fascination, I watched as she dropped the towel again.  But this
time, instead of just putting on her nightshirt, she sat down on
her bed naked.  She lifted a hand and started to stroke one of
her breasts.  The sight was almost too much for me as my cock
stiffened in my pants.  Then, she wrapped one hand around each
breast and squeezed.  It didn't take much, since she wasn't one
of those super porn models in the nudie magazines, but she did
have a grip.  Her face revealed a gentle sort of pleasure.  I
wished, just for a moment that I could be doing that.  That I was
the one squeezing her tits.  Or any girl's tits for that matter.

She leaned back, with her closed legs facing my viewing angle.  I
could only see her knees, until... she opened her legs.  The
black patch of hair led to the spot between her legs.  An
intricate pattern of womanhood moved down to her butt.  Again, I
recalled the nudie magazines and the pictures of pussies.  I had
learned about the lips and the clitoris and all.  I had always
though that it looked a bit gross, but that made it all the more
interesting.  How could something so odd looking bring such
incredible pleasure.  I watched her, forgetting who she was, as
she lightly slid her fingers up and down the slit.  From the
asshole to the patch of pubic hair, which she would play with
every once in a while.  With one hand, she placed her index
finger and her middle finger on either side of her vagina and
pushed them apart.  This opened up her hole, which she quickly
filled with the index finger on her other hand.  She used that
index finger to play around inside of herself.  I likened this to
sticking my finger up my butt, something I was not prepared to
do.  As well, it didn't seem to sound very nice.  But I knew that
she was using the finger to simulate a penis.  That what she was
doing was making her feel nice.  I felt sorry for girls.  They
had to resort to sticking their fingers up their cunts in order
to feel good.  All I had to do was rub my cock.  But then again,
she wouldn't be making a mess.  When I masturbated, that goo
would shoot from my penis and I had to be careful about that.

Once, I was rubbing my penis up and down my pillows and wasn't
very fast in getting up.  It felt so good that I just kept on
rubbing.  And I came.  I could feel that thick warm stuff getting
all over me.  I jumped up and looked down.  All over my pillow
and me, there it was.  It was a bitch to clean up.  But girls,
they didn't have to worry.

I glanced at Robyn's face.  For the whole time, it was like she
was a stranger.  Just a twat and some fingers.  But now, I could
see my own sister's face.  Her eyes were closed and she smiled a
goofy smile.  What was a girl orgasm like, I wondered?

And then, oops.  The door opened and Becky walked in.  As with
Robyn, she was in a towel.  She stared at her identical twin as
she played with herself.  Robyn, in fright, jumped up and closed
the door.  "Do you want Brian or Dad to see me?"  She seemed more
concerned that I might see her in the nude than the fact that she
was being caught.  If I understood irony, I would have thought it
was ironic.  Had Becky seen Robyn do this before?  Did Becky do
it to?

What Robyn did next, it shocked me.  I had heard about it.  I had
even seen it the magazines.  But my own sisters.  Robyn leaned
over a gave her sister an open mouth kiss.  Sure, they were
sisters, but this seemed just too strange.  A quick kiss on the
cheek, that's one thing.  But this long open mouth kiss, that was
lesbian.  And my own sisters.  Even with the arousal of a nude
body and the masturbation, my penis started to shrink.  The scare
had caused me to go flaccid.  But I couldn't move.  I just
watched, curious to see what would happen next.

Without breaking the kiss, Robyn opened Becky's towel.  Normally
shy Becky stood there, nude, in an embrace with normally wild
Robyn.  The mirror image was amazing.  The breasts, the body, the
pubic hair.  It all matched exactly.

A hand, Robyn's, slid down Becky's leg and disappeared between
the legs.  Instantly, my penis sprung to life again.  I had
forgotten they were my sisters and instead concentrated on the
action.

Polite and shy Becky didn't seem to mind and returned to favor by
placing her palms just above her twin's breasts.  She slid them
down, following the slight curves of Robyn's tits.  They broke
their kiss and continued exploring each other's bodies.  Robyn
guided Becky over to the bed and carefully pushed her down.  She
pushed open her legs to reveal to me her privates.  Even though
the first vagina I saw was beautiful, this one seemed even
better.  I suppose it was because I knew Robyn to be a little
wild and seeing her naked wasn't as shocking as seeing prudish
Becky displaying her slit.  In fact, for the first time, I
noticed the wild one's pussy.  The hair was in a neat patch,
almost as though she shaped it, perhaps by shaving parts.  The
one on the bed now was more natural.  The innocence of it all
make her more beautiful and sexy than any slut in a magazine.

I shifted my weight, trying to release some of the pressure of my
erection.  It was no good, so I opened them a bit and slid them
off.  I kept my underpants on, but still felt better.

Towards the fresh, likely virginal, cunt her face moved.  From my
position, it was hard to see what was going on.  However, I was
sure that Robyn was giving my other sister a real tongue job.  I
wished I could see it, for I'd never seen one before.

On a on they went, feeling each other and licking areas of the
body that really weren't made for licking.  It was all too much
for me.  I slipped back down to my room and lowered my
underpants, bringing my penis to life.  I looked at my naked body
in the mirror, pretending I was a porno star.  I grasped my cock
and mouthed the words "I'm going to put it in you" to some
imaginary co-star.  The act got boring, so I decided to get to
work.

I walked over to my desk, my stiff prick bouncing with my step. 
From underneath, I pulled on a piece of tape and down came three
foil-wrapped condoms.  Shooting off in a tissue was a little
inconvenient and I wanted to try these things out.  I got them
from one of those vending machines in the bathroom's at the mall.

RIP, I tore open one of the packets and pulled out the ring.  I
looked at it, remembering back to one of those sex-ed books I
managed to find.  I placed on the head of my penis, and slowly
began to unroll it over my 14 year old cock.  I closed my eyes,
pretending that I was a girl doing it for me.  First, I saw a
woman from one of the nudie magazines.  Then, it was my sister. 
I wasn't sure which one the twins it was, and it really didn't
matter.  Finally, I hit my scrotum and I looked down.  Covering
my rod, there was this thin sheet of latex.  The way it looked,
the newness of it all, was great.  Again, a glance in the mirror. 
Now, I was ready to put it to the test.

I took my blanket and wrapped it around my cock and pushed the
rest between my legs.  I leaned forward, supporting my chest on
the pillow.  Pump.  The blanket was the perfect simulation, to my
knowledge at the time, of a vagina.  The slick inside of the
condom made the experience orders of magnitude better than any
other experience I had ever had.  I slid my legs in a out.  In, I
could feel the pressure on my penis.  Out, my cock pushed its way
into the blanket and the tip hitting the bed.  Back to my
fantasy.  Back to the lesbian sex I saw.  Back to me fucking my
teenage sister.  In fact, it didn't matter who I was fucking, so
long as I could come.  And, with a in stroke of my legs, it
started.  Except that I had put so much pressure on my cock, that
the come couldn't shoot out.  But it pumped and pumped.  And it
felt fantastic.  Out went my legs, and the pressure was released. 
And so was the cum.  I shot more than I had ever shot before. 
Exhausted, I fell asleep in that position.  Of course, the messy
details of my waking up with a shriveled penis and a used condom
are unimportant.

Part 3: I Wish That Was Me

After what I saw, I was excited about going up to the attic to
peek on my wonderful sisters.  It was no longer a matter of who
they were.  I wasn't touching them, so it all seemed OK.  It was
just a harmless fantasy.

Unfortunately, for weeks, nothing happened.  It was quite boring
watching Robyn listening to music and Becky reading.  Back to the
magazines.

And then, one day, something happened.  I got home from school to
find a note from my parents.  It seems that they were going to be
away for the whole night on business in New York.  Of course,
there was a warning that I was to do what my older sisters said. 
Becky, the responsible one, was in charge.

I spent the evening in my room watching television.  The doorbell
rang, but since Becky was in charge, she should get it.  It rang
a second time before it was answered.  As the visitor followed
Becky to the twins' room, I peeked into the hall.  It was Brad,
the guy that Robyn had been going out with.  He was a great guy,
helping me with getting my baseball pitch right and all.  Yup,
Robyn couldn't have picked a better boyfriend.  Becky, on the
other hand, wasn't really into dating.  Even though she was just
as good looking as Robyn (naturally), she came off as a brainiac.

In our house, you have to be 15 to go on real dates.  It was OK
to go out with a group of mixed-sex friends, but it had to be a
group.  I couldn't wait until I turned 15 and was able to ask out
Donna Langley.  She was the best looking girl in the class.

Curious to see what boyfriend and girlfriend talk about, I made
my way to the attic.  What I saw when I peeked down stunned me. 
There was Brad, standing with his shirt off.  Robyn was kneeling
in front of him, opening his pants!  And off in the corner, Becky
was pulling her shirt off.

Once Brad's pants were opened and down, Robyn tugged at his
underpants until his penis fell out.  Without a word, she placed
a hand of his limp penis and guided it into her open mouth.  In
amazement, I watched as she started to suck.  Her head sliding
back and forth.  His cock was now erect, and it glistened with
saliva as she slid her mouth fully off.  He was fairly well
endowed, I thought.  In fact, I wished that I was that big.  Not
that it much mattered, since all I was going was jacking off. 
And yet, I wanted it.

Sweet Becky sauntered over to her look-alike.  She was naked. 
Once again, I was awe-struck by her thick patch of black hair and
her wonderful butt.  It didn't take long for her to lie down and
for Brad to start licking at her pussy.  And this time, I could
see everything.  Her tongue sliding up and down her crack.  Every
once in a while, disappearing inside her.

Robyn returned to the scene, also nude.  As her boyfriend bent
over and eat her sister, she goosed him.  She placed her groomed
pussy to his ass and reached around to stroke his penis.  She was
slow and careful.  Every once in a while, she'd kiss his back.

Brad picked his head up.  For the first time, he spoke.  "How
about I put it in you tonight?"  Becky, shocked out her sexual
trance, sat up.  Her response was that she was not ready for
that, just yet.  Brad, being the nice guy he was, told her it was
OK.

But then again, he actually got what he wanted.  The girls
switched places and he got ready to put his penis inside of
Robyn.  No doubt in my mind he'd done this to her before.  But
still, seeing it happen was a bit too much.  He placed his hand
of his prick as he entered her.  I wished I could get a closer
look.  And before he could start pumping at her, Becky decided
she wanted in the action.  She bent down and started to lick at
his penis.  But, because it was partially stuck inside her twin's
crack, she just continued the job down to Becky's asshole.  And
back up again, over Brad's balls to his butt.  Slowly, Brad
pumped up and down and Becky tried to keep up.

Alas, she could not.  Instead, she climbed up on the bed and
straddled her sister's face.  As Brad fucked Robyn, Robyn eat
Becky's cunt.  And Brad, realizing that he was lucky to have two
beautiful girls, placed one hand on one of Becky's boobs, while
he used the other to brace himself as his cock slid in and out.

Man, I was horny.  I wished I could be down there.  I wish it was
me getting it on with two girls.  I didn't care if they were my
sisters, I just wanted to be able to explore a real girl.

My thoughts led me away from the action.  When I finally was
jolted back to reality by a moan, I noticed that Brad was pulling
out.  And Becky, that look on her face.  It looked just like
those pictures of women having orgasms.  I was happy to see my
sister in so much joy.  As Brad pulled out, it was clear he had
an orgasm, also.

No sooner had her orgasm ended, Becky jumped off.  "I want that!"
she said.  Quickly, she went to work returning the oral action on
her sister, cleaning out Brad's cum.  I was seeing Becky in a new
light.  She was loud, brash, and sexy.

Brad, on the other hand, was not so nice as I had though.  While
this was going on, he was dressing and left.  Hey, when and if I
ever get to fuck a girl (much less two), I wouldn't just leave.

The girls didn't seem to mind.  In fact, Becky got Robyn off
fairly quickly.  After their little fuck fest, they got in their
robes and slid out into the hall.  I quickly dropped back to my
room and peeked out.  The two of them went into the bathroom
together.  The running water in the tub suggested to me what was
going on.

By this time, I was ready to explode.  Right there, with the door
open, I pulled down my pants and quickly jerked at my cock. 
Within seconds, I could feel an orgasm approaching.  In a panic,
I grabbed the nearest thing that would contain the rush of
seaman.  Down there, on the floor, was the laundry basket.  Mom
had done the laundry and had left the basket in the hall for us
kids to put our stuff away.  On top, was a pair of panties.  I
was in a hurry, it did not matter.  No sooner had I placed the
smooth fabric to my cock had I started to squirt.  It was a long
and creamy one.  And it felt great to finally be relieved of
that.

I looked down at the material in my hand.  Then, the bathroom
door started to open.  Quickly, I jumped back in my room with the
panties and watched.  Robyn and Becky slipped out of the bathroom
naked.  Their wet bodies glistening in the hall light.  Their
robes in their arms.  Slam, their door closed behind them.

Now what?  I looked at the panties.  They belonged to either
Becky or Robyn.  I looked at the little tag inside.  A big red
"R" covered the washing instruction.  At first, I though Mom was
smart.  Putting a "R" for Robyn would make it easy to tell which
clothes belonged to which twin.  But then, it hit me.  Mom calls
Becky "Rebecca."  Now what?  Did it matter?  I had shot my load
in one of the twins' panties.  I couldn't put them back in the
basket.  So, it was off to that secret bag where I store used
tissues, condoms, and now panties.  Who'd ever suspect me of
stealing my sisters' panties?

Part 4: My Video

After that, I was a bit afraid to go back to the attic.  I felt a
little funny about it all.  I also stopped masturbating.  I was
difficult, but I swore that I would go one month without jacking-
off as penitence.  As one might imagine, for a 14 year old, there
is nothing harder.

Then, on the one month anniversary of what seemed like a lifetime
sentence, I got a great chance.  Everyone was going to be out of
the house all day.  I would be alone for a whole day to do what I
wanted.  Thinking back on the past month, I knew a fuck-fest was
in order.

I spent most of the time looking through magazines.  Then, it was
to the video tapes.  We didn't have any pornos, but there were
plenty of scenes in R-rated films that did well.  I would fast-
forward to the nude scenes and watched them over and over.  I
would pause and look at the breasts that I saw on the screen.  It
wasn't any more exciting than looking at the hot stuff in the
magazines, but since there was now motion...  And every once in a
while, there would be a patch of pubic hair.

That gave me an idea.  Why not make my own porno.  I'd pretending
many times before.  But now, I could do something about it.  Next
to the television was the camcorder.  And here was an blank tape. 
After a bit of setup, I was ready to go.

Thank goodness for the fact that camcorders let you watch of the
screen what's being recorded.  I watched as I pulled off my
clothes in some silly strip tease.  There I was, in front of the
camera, naked.  From all the magazines and movies, my prick was
stiff.  I stoked it for the camera.

Zoom in on the couch.  I went over and started to hump some
pillows, as I had done before.  All the time, watching the action
to make sure it looked great.

I was ready to orgasm, and I knew that I would need to make it
special.  Back to the camera to get a really good zoom on the
couch.  I sat down with my penis sticking into the air.  I
stroked it up an down until the first bit of cum shot upward.  I
kept pumping as I pointed my cock towards my face.  None of it
should end up on the couch, so I was careful to make sure that,
as I milked my cock, it all landed on me.

And then, I was done.  I looked at the screen.  There was my
butt.  Between spread legs was my cock getting smaller and
smaller.  As I slowly sat up, the pool of sperm slid down my
chest.  Quickly, I scooped it up with hand.  For a final show, I
rubbed the goo all over my chest and cock.

With my clean hand, I pressed the STOP button on the camcorder. 
I left everything on, as a quick shower was in order.  As I
though about it all as I showered, I got another erection. 
Having just orgasmed, it wasn't as strong.  But the hard-on was
still there.  Using the soap as a lubricant, I quickly jerked
myself.  Despite having just come, I was able to pull it off. 
Not a lot, but enough.  For the first time in my life, two
orgasms within ten minutes of each other.  I had thought it
impossible.

After rinsing off and drying off, I left the bathroom naked.  No
one would be home for a few hours and I wanted to see the video. 
But, as I passed by the window, I could hear a car pull into the
driveway.  I peeked out, it was Becky and Robyn.  Quickly, I
zipped back to the bathroom and got dressed.

Down the stairs, pretending nothing had happened.  As I enter the
den to say hi to my sisters, terror struck.  The tape!  It was
still in the camcorder.  Maybe they wouldn't notice that I had
left the television on.  I was wrong.

"What's with the TV?" asked Becky?  Robyn was about to turn it
off when she noticed the little light on the camcorder.  "Wait,
lets see what's on this tape," announced Robyn as she pressed
REWIND.

My next reaction was a bit of a shock to me.  Instead of terror,
I saw a chance.  "Look, that tape is personal.  But I'll tell you
what, I'll let you see it, if you don't tell anyone."  The girls
looked confused.  "And, to make sure that you don't say
anything... I saw you two a few weeks ago with Brad."  Becky's
cute face turned to horror.  Robyn smirked.

"OK, little brother.  What'd you see?"  I responded to Robyn's
question with a simple "Fuck and suck."  Becky was really
mortified.  Robyn and I were on the same wavelength.  She knew I
held a terrible secret about her and I knew that if anyone knew
about the tape, my life would be over.  "Bec, he's not going to
tell, " she glared at me.  "And, obviously, this tape is not
something he wants anyone to know about.  So, why don't we all
just keep our secrets."  I felt better.  Becky calmed down. 
Robyn was still smirking.

As Robyn got ready to start the tape, I though about the
contents.  Did I really want my sister's to see my jack-off? 
They were my sisters after all.  But then again, I had already
seen them do some nasty things.  I guess it didn't matter.

The three of us sat on the couch as the tape started.  I sat
poker-faced.  Becky sat with her hand covering her mouth in
embarrassment.  Robyn smiled.  I was quite a video.  I had never
really been able to see myself do these things before as I was so
wrapped up in reaching an orgasm.  It was really quite
educational.

When it was over, Robyn was the first to talk.  "I know about the
attic."  She knew.  But, after letting them watch the tape, it
didn't matter.  Becky looked puzzled.  Obviously, she did not
know.

The three of us spent the afternoon talking about what we all
knew.  I told them about the hole.  I told them about seeing them
doing the lesbian thing.  I told them about Brad.

They were my sisters and were quite helpful in explaining about
what I saw.  They were cool and it and about the tape.  They even
helped me hide it.  And we covered the hole in the attic.

As the day ended, we swore that no one else would ever know.  And
then, it was all forgotten.  I was glad it was over.

Part 5: It Happened

Well, not quite over yet.  Weeks later, the three of us were home
alone again.  Needed a break from homework, I headed down to the
den.  There was Becky and Robyn on the couch watching television. 
And they were watching my tape.

"I thought it was over?"  Robyn was quick to reply, "C'mon, we're
pretty impressed.  In fact, we're been thinking..."

Becky smiled.  "...you've seen us live and in the nude.  What'd
you look like off camera?"

All those lustful thoughts about them came back to me.  Along
with that, all the guilt.  And the lust won.

Robyn got up and knelt before me.  It was just like with Brad. 
She placed a hand on my groin and started to open my pants. 
Snap.  Zip.  She slid my jeans down.  Pull.  My underpants were
down.  Inches from her face, my flaccid penis hung.  OK, she had
her look.  Now what?

I should have guessed it.  She placed a warm hand on my cock and
lifted it up.  She licked along the bottom, from my balls to the
tip.  The feeling was so great that I lost all sense of where I
was.  I forgot this was my sister.  My prick hardened.

I let her suck as I gazed off into space enjoying my first
encounter with a real girl.  I watched, dazed, as Becky stripped
her clothes off.

"Brother dear... how'd you like to break in a virgin?" asked
Becky.  I was shocked and pulled back, my hard penis pulled from
Robyn's wonderful mouth.

"Yes, I've never had any man inside me.  I was waiting for the
right one.  I love you..."  This was too good to pass up.  On the
one hand, I was horny and curious.  On the other hand, I knew it
was a no one to fuck one's sister.  Again, my penis won the war
with my brain.  But, my brain did get one good idea in.  If I was
going to do this, I was going to wear a condom.

"I love you to..." and I rushed back to my room, my penis jerking
back and forth, to get my condoms.  When I returned, both
sister's were nude.  Robyn was fingering Becky's twat.  "Just
loosening her up."

I help up the foil wrapper.  Robyn snatched it from me and opened
it.  Expertly, she placed it on me, unrolling it over the shaft. 
"You're pretty big, for a guy your age."  It didn't matter if it
was true or not.  "Lie down and let Becky do all the work."

I did as told, on the couch.  Becky climbed up and straddled me. 
As she lowered herself over my rubber covered cock, Robyn helped. 
She helped to guide my into Becky.

Slowly, I slid in.  The feeling was wonderful.  Despite being a
virgin, I knew that she'd had plenty of finger and oral
stimulation.  And finally, she was down.  I looked.  There was
her muff.  And mine.  Between them, the rubber ring of the
condom.

As she slid up and down, Robyn caressed her twin's breasts.

I whole thing, it was too much for me.  My butt tensed.  Blam.  I
came.

That's when I woke up.  I looked around the dark room.  I was
alone.  It was a dream.  All of it?  Or just part?  I was
disoriented.  I started to get out of bed to investigate.  But
the wetness in my pants stopped me.  I had one hell of a wet
dream.

--
