          Downloaded From: The Geneva Convention Adult BBS 812-284-1321

               Brad and Barry's Summertime Adventures


               It was the beginning of summer and all the kids were 
         out of school for the next three months. As was usual all the 
         kids were ecstatic about not having to go to school for three 
         whole months and Brad and Barry were no different. They had 
         just had their fifteenth birthday at which their mother told 
         them that if they did as well in schoo the next year as they 
         did this past, that she would be willing to talk about buying 
         them a car. Not a separate when for each of the but one that 
         they could share. This wasn't quite what they wanted but 
         having one car together was better than no car at all. They 
         had had the normal birthday like all fifteen year olds. They 
         each were told they could invite five friends apiece and then 
         they played some of the usual games for fifteen year olds. Of 
         course both boys had invited at least three girls a piece and 
         they had insisted that the part be by the pool in the back 
         yard so that gave them plenty of opportunity to ogle the 
         girls ripening bodies in their cute two peice bathing suits. 
         They had even talked their mother in joining them for a swim 
         when the part was breaking up and everyone was going home. It 
         was this point that they really noticed how well shaped their 
         mother was. Comparing her to the six teenage girls at the 
         party wasn't even possible. The girls they had invited had 
         bodies that were just starting to get all the curves but 
         weren't quite full. On the other hand their mother was all 
         curves. She wore a modest two peice bikini but they could 
         still see alot of her charms. Those ripe round breasts that 
         seemed to beg to be squeezed and kissed. They flat belly that 
         lead into a pair of well rounded hips which in turn connected 
         to that other hidden treasure that so far the boys had only 
         seen in magazines. Then there were those slender legs that 
         lead up to that hidden valley of treasure. 
               By the time everyone had left the party the boys were 
         ready ready to rush off to privacy of their bedroom and 
         releive that growing pressure in their swim trunks. Little 
         did they know that Bonnie their mother had been watching them 
         as they were eyeing those sweet teenage asses as they playedin the 
         pool. She had had some idea that the boys were probably 
         interested in girls because she ahd seen them more than once 
         ogling her as she doing this or that around the house in her 
         night gown or in her more revealing halter tops and short 
         shorts. She didn't mind that the boys were curious about the 
         female body. As she was only 36 and still in fit shape she 
         was even a little flattered that the boys even noticed her at 
         all. She knew that they both needed like little talking to 
         that most boys get from their father, but her hausband had 
         been killed five years prior in a freak accident at his job 
         and now she was resolved to the fact that she was going to 
         have to be the one do the talking.
               With this in mind she went to the kitchen and poured 
         herself a big glass of wine to settle her nerves and drank it 
         down in two gulps. Then she headed for the boys room. She 
         knew the boys were probably playing with one of there 
         favorite models or the new game they had gotten for their 
         birthday.
               When she got to the door took a deep breath and knocked 
         on the door. "Barry, Brad, may I come in?" She heard the boys 
         shuffling around the room and figured they were probably 
         straightening up a bit so she didn't just rush in. 
               It was lucky for them that she didn't vecause they had 
         just taken off their swim suits and were going to get into 
         their favorite new past time. Mainly sucking each other's 
         dicks. They had even started to do sixty-nine. But today they 
         hadn't had a chance to get started when their mother had 
         knocked at the door. They quickly put on their swim trunks 
         and took a deep breath before letting her in the room.
               "Well boys I'm glad you had a fun birthday party. 
         It seems that your friends really had fun to. She was still 
         wearing her two peice bathing suit and she noticed that it 
         was having some effect on them from the looks of their tight 
         swim trunks. Her pussy gave a little throb a the thought of 
         those tender young cocks and sweet little balls with their 
         soft down of hair. 
               I came up here to talk to you boys about a serious 
         subject that I think that two teenage boys need to know 
         about. Namely girls. When she mentioned girls both boys 
         looked at each other and turned a light shade of red. But she 
         acted as if she didn't notice so as not to add further to 
         their embarrassment."I noticed that you were really odgling 
         at least three of the young ladies at the pool today". She 
         watched them to see if they acted innocent or indifferent. 
         When neither one said anything she continued. "I want you to 
         know that there is nothing wrong with two young men showing 
         interest in members of the opposite sex. In fact it is quite 
         normal for boys and girls to start noticing each other at about 
         your age. But there are some things that you should know 
         before either one of you makes a mistake that could cause big 
         problems in the future". She looked at them both and they 
         seemed interested but acted nonchalant and dumb so she kept 
         going. "Do either of you know anything about what our bodies 
         are made for?" Brad acted nervous and Barry turned his head 
         away in embarrasment not wanting to let his mother see the 
         guilt in his eyes. She took this for indifference and decided 
         to take the bull by the horns. "I want to tell and show both 
         of you some very important things today that you both ought 
         to know". With this she started to peeloff her bikini. Both 
         boys just sat like statues when they saw her nude figure with 
         just her back facing them. Then she turned around and both 
         boys couldn't help but stare. She was beautiful. Every inch a 
         work of art. She noticed their mouths were hanging open so to 
         kind of lighten things up she sat down between them and 
         grabbed their hands and held them for a minute before saying 
         more. "I think this is probably a little bit of a shock to you but 
         I don't know any other way to approach it. What you see next you 
         is a typical female body. Starting with my neck, my arms, my 
         shoulders and then there are my breasts. Now both of you are 
         probably real intersted in breast, so I'll let you each of 
         you get a closer look. But remember, they are real sensitive 
         so don't get too rough. OK". With that she put each boys hands 
         on her breast and let them do the the rest. Both boys couldn't 
         beleive their eyes. Here they were with their mother and they 
         were feeling her tits. Hesitantly Brad leaned over to make 
         like he was getting a closer look and he gently lifted one 
         breast up to his lips and gave it a little kiss. Bonnie was a 
         bit surprised but not upset. She knew that they would be 
         especially interested in her tits. They were 36 C's and very 
         firm. They just stood straight out with no sag. So When Brad 
         Kissed one she just smiled and ran her fingers through his 
         hair. Then she laid back on the bed and instructed both boys 
         to stand at the side of the bed and watch carefully. "I want both 
         of you to watch very carefully because this will probably save 
         some embarassing moments later". With that said she slowly 
         ran her hand down over her stomach until she reached the 
         nearly hairless junction between her legs. "This is called a 
         vagina or as you've probably heard around the school a pussy. 
         It has a few special features that men don't have. To show 
         what I mean I want both of you to take off your swim trunks".
               They both looked at each other and hesitated until she 
         reached over and tugged on both of their trunks at the same 
         time at which they pulled them down and kicked them off. "Now 
         that we're all naked none of us has anything to be ashamed of 
         do we"? Brad shook his head no and Barry soon did the same.
               "I wanted to show you just what boys and girls do that 
         can get them in trouble if they don't know what they're 
         doing. First this is called a penis or dick for you school 
         boys". At which time she reached out and softly wrapped a hand 
         around each one of their already erect cocks. She gently 
         rubbed them up and down until she knew they were excited past 
         the stage of embarrassment. "These things do alot more than 
         just pee. They are used for giving each other pleasure. But 
         I'll get to more of that in a moment". Next she put her hand 
         back on the soft patch of hair between her legs. "My vagina 
         is also made for giving each other pleasure. Before you can learn 
         more about the pleasure though you both need to get a closer 
         look". She had each boy kneel between her legs while she held 
         apart the soft moist lips. This was really starting to get to 
         her. "These are the lips. This is the vagina and this this is 
         the clitoris", and she pointed to each one respectively. 
         "Each part is made to give pleasure. Brad I want you to look 
         real close and Barry you'll get to look next". Brad stepped 
         closer and Barry moved out of the way. "Okay Brad, put your 
         hand right here and feel how soft and juicy I am right here". 
         She then lead his hands to her mons. Then she let him just 
         roam his fingers all over her pussy. It was starting to 
         really heat up. "Now this part is the vagina or hole or love 
         tunnel and probably a few other names that I can't think of 
         right now. Put your finger around it first and feel how wet 
         it's getting, then put a finger inside and feel how hot it 
         feels, then I'll tell you what it's for". Brad did as he was 
         told and he rubbed around the hole and felt a gooey wetness 
         there, but when he put his finger inside it was like a 
         furnace and he moved it around to get a good feel. His dick 
         was throbbing terribly right now, but Bonnie acted like there 
         was nothing wrong. "Next if you look up a liitle farther you 
         will see my clitoris. This was made for giving me pleasure. 
         Every woman has one, its just that some clits, like some 
         peters are bigger than others". Hers was obviously bigger 
         because it stuck out like a small cock just begging to be 
         sucked. Brad quickly touched it and then moved aside for so 
         Barry could try it. Barry was a little more eager. He had 
         been watching everything his mother told Brad and he knew 
         right where he wanted to start. He moved his fingers deftly 
         over the soft fur and reached for her clit. He had seen a man 
         with his face in a girls muff in the magazine and he was 
         aching to get a taste. Gently he put his thumb and forefinger 
         around her clit and started making slow stroking motions just 
         like he had learned to do to his prick. This caught his 
         mother totally by surprise, but it also made her pussy cry 
         out for more so when ducked his head and gave it a little lick 
         she almost jumped off the bed. She quickly pulled his face in 
         close and layed her legs on his young shoulders. Barry took 
         this as a positive sign and started to lick and kiss all over 
         her pussy. He rather liked the taste and besides it smelled 
         great. Before long with his timid little tongue strokes 
         Bonnie's body was reaching a pleateau that she hadn't been on 
         for quite some time. Brad meanwhile was stuck just standing 
         there with a throbbing boner. But Bonnie couldn't forget him 
         for very long. She quickly motioned for him to get up on the bed 
         and to kneel next to her head. He quickly scrambled up by her 
         face. She quickly reached out and pulled his throbbing cock 
         to her now open mouth. At her first touch on his prick he 
         almost lost his cookies. She slowly grasped his cock with her 
         experienced lips and sucked him in up to the balls. He 
         started bucking his hips pressing for release. Meanwhile 
         Barry was busily sucking her clit like it was a small dick 
         and Bonnie was steadily gaining the orgasm that she needed.
         When Brad let loose with his first spasm she was ready for 
         him.She held his hips close to her face and sucked him all 
         the way up to his balls and then she even got his balls in 
         too. He was beside himself with pleasure. He was shooting 
         more cum that he ever had with Barry sucking his cock. His 
         mom sure knew how to suck dick good. But Barry was finally 
         bringing Bonnie over the brink. When he put his tongue in her 
         hole that was the final straw. She blasted off. She clamped 
         her legs around his head and rode him like a stud cock. She 
         was bucking so hard and squeezing his head so tight that he 
         thought he was going to suffocate. So he quickly pulled his 
         tongue out of her hole and again started to suck her 
         clitoris. Bringing her to a slow ebbing pace that soon 
         brought her back to herself. Brad had since shot all his wad into 
         her hungry mouth and was sitting on the bed watching his 
         mother tremble with the last of her orgasm. 
               "Boys, you sure are fast learners. I hope I didn't move 
         too fast and scare you". She said as she hugged each one of 
         them to her breast. But Barry still hadn't found the releif 
         that his rod needed and she quickly saw this as he sat on the 
         edge of the bed licking her come from his lips. She quickly 
         got off the bed and knelt in front of him between his strong 
         young thighs. Barry knew from past experiences with his 
         brother what was to follow so he spread his legs to give more 
         access.
               She reached out and slowly rubbed his shaft a few times 
         to bring it to a hardened peak. Then she gently rubbed those 
         soft young balls and she reached out with her tongue and gave 
         them a gentle lick. Seeing that he liked that she sucked one 
         then both into her mouth and rolled them around with her 
         tongue, all the while using a suction on them which caused his 
         cock to tremble with excitement. After a few seconds of this 
         she let them out of her mouth and moved up to his hard young 
         cock. This she gently stroked until he let out a little moan. 
         Slowly she put her lips to the head and gave it a kiss and a 
         gentle tug with her teeth. As Brad was watching his mother 
         give his brother an expert blow-job his cock started to 
         slowly rise back to a powerful hard-on. He started rubbing it 
         thinking that he could releive himself by hand. But as his 
         mother slowly let the cock slide between her lips into the 
         warmth that was there he couldn't help but notice her 
         enticing ass sticking out in the air. Suddenly he remebered 
         the picture of the man and woman where the man was kneeling 
         behind the girl and sticking his cock into her pussy. A 
         second later he was off the bed and kneeling behind his 
         mothers soft ass. He put his face in her pussy a gave it a 
         few licks. Bonnie was at first surprised by this action from 
         her other son, but figured that he wanted to taste her sweet 
         pussy also. So she spread her legs a little to give his 
         tongue more access and then continued sucking Barry's sweet 
         cock. When Brad noticed his mom spreading her legs for him he 
         took this as the go ahead. He darted his tongue in her hole 
         to get a taste and then sat down under her ass and quickly 
         clamped his lips over her entire pussy. He started a suction 
         on it that started her clit trembling. But he knew that he 
         wanted something else. So he turned around a pulled open the 
         lips of her cunt quickly rubbed the head of his hard cock 
         along that crease. Then ever so slowly he started to push his 
         throbbing prick into her warmth. When he was half way in and 
         she didn't resist he pushed it all in and then let out a gasp. This 
         was like heaven he thought to himself. So he pulled out and 
         started that slow in and out that he had done to Barry's 
         mouth.
               When Bonnie first felt the her son's hard cock rubbing 
         around the wet lips of her pussy she wanted to stop him, but 
         she knew that Barry was soon going to give her that sweet 
         dessert that her taste buds craved. As she felt Brad's hot 
         pillar of flesh start to slide into her burning tunnel she 
         knew that she couldn't stop him. So she went back to work on 
         Barry tasty young cock. She knew that he was really heating 
         up now because he was squeezing his eyes shut and he was 
         rubbing his hands over her head as if he was thinking of 
         trying to fuck her face. When she thought of his juicy young 
         cock pistoning into her mouth and her other son's cock 
         ramming her hungry pussy it sent a thrill up her spine that 
         she hadn't felt since her husband had been alive. So she reached 
         for Barry's hands and placed them on her sensitive tits, at 
         which he caught on and she went eagerly back to bringing that 
         sweet throbbing hard-on to the bursting point. 
               Barry was doing every thing his innocent young mind 
         could to prolong this joy. Him and his brother had been doing 
         some pretty mean cock sucking before but nothing as good as 
         this. He quickly opened his eyes and looked down at those 
         lush lips as they swallowed his cock upto his balls and made 
         a permanent picture of it his mind. He didn't think he would 
         ever forget this day. The feel of those lips was like wet 
         velvet on his prick. But it was also so warm that it made his 
         toes curl. He knew he couldn't hold back much longer, so he 
         laid down and tried pushing his hips up to meet her mouth as 
         she slipped down on his thobbing hot rod. It was then that he 
         felt her throat close around his cock and that was all it 
         took to push him over the edge.
               Bonnie noticed that Barry's cock was swelling even more 
         and she knew from experience that he would be filling her 
         hungry mouth with that much desired liquid fire. So when he 
         started to fuck up into her mouth she made little swallowing 
         motions in the back of her throat to urge him on. On his 
         second thrust she felt that first signal, that one drop of 
         pre-cum that told her that he was going to unload. So she 
         raised her lips up to just the head and put her hand on his 
         stomach to let him know that she was controling things. Then 
         she made a deep suction and lashed her tongue along the 
         underside of his cock. She wanted to taste every drop of his 
         load. A second later and there it was. His first full spasm 
         completely filled her mouth and she had to puff out her 
         cheeks so that it didn't run back out of her lips. She 
         quickly started to gulp it down. Just when she had swallowed 
         most of it he sent yet another full load into her moist 
         cavern. She was really enjoying this. She hurriedly swallowed 
         it down and then pushed her lips down to the root and even 
         took in his balls. This sent Barry even farther into orbit 
         and he shot another load that was almost as big as the 
         second. But Bonnie was ready and she let this one slide right 
         down her throat and she quivered at the thought of all that 
         sweet young cum reaching her belly. Gently she raised her 
         face back up the shooting hunk and caught the last little 
         dribble on her tongue and kept it there to savor like a fine 
         wine.
               Meanwhile Brad was having the time of his life pounding 
         his young cock into her pussy from behind. With each thrust 
         he could feel his balls tighten up and he knew that with a 
         few more stroke he would be sending his burning load deep 
         inside this fierey hot love nest. His pumping was getting to 
         Bonnie too. She wanted to cum with him so she reached down 
         and started to rub her clit in time with his fucking. That 
         did it. She was starting to see stars and she knew he was 
         right with her. When he made his next stroke he seemed to go 
         even deeper and he even nudged her cervix with that sweet 
         cock. This pushed her over the edge. Her flood gates let 
         loose and she was crazy with joy. She pushed back at him and 
         reached back and grabbed his balls to feel all that young 
         cum. This sent Brad into orbit. He wrapped his arms around 
         her waist and forced her body down as hard as he could and 
         let loose with what must have been a gallon of burning 
         liquid. Then he started pistoning his hips back and forth, in 
         and out forcing every laste drop from the end of his cock.
         He let out a gasp as he felt his last drops leave the end of his 
         dick and slowly leaned over his mother's back. He was feeling 
         like a rag doll and pulling in big breaths trying to bring 
         his mind back to earth. Bonnie was no better. She'd have 
         never thought that two young boys could bring her this much 
         pleasure.
               When all three had settle down and could talk she 
         hugged them both, gave each now shrunken dick at little kiss 
         and said, "I don't know how you boys learned to do all that, 
         but you sure surprised me. I don't think you need anymore 
         lessons from this old body". When she said that both boys 
         started to tell her that she didn't look old and that they 
         could always use more lessons before they got too serious 
         with the girls at school. She smiled at that comment and 
         hugged them both again. "Well you probably will need some 
         more tutoring sometime, But right now I could use a shower 
         and then I'll need to get to bed.
               Brad and Barry looked a little hurt that she was 
         picking up her clothes and heading for the shower, but when 
         they looked down and saw that their cocks were two shrunken 
         little noodles they knew she was right. 
               When she left the room Barry said, "can you beleive 
         what just happened"? Brad was still in kind of a daze as he 
         said,"I'm still trying to figure out how it all startwed. One 
         moment we were just starting to learn about girls bodies and 
         before you know it we're all wrapped up in each other. I 
         guess we should be getting a shower too". So they headed for 
         their own showers.
               Once Bonnie got in the shower she started to think about             
         what had just happened between her and the boys. She knew that 
         incest was taboo but her body told her that she had gained a 
         release.  What the hell she said to herself, as long as they 
         weren't scared by it I guess it won't hurt to indulge them 
         and me. Besides I haven't felt that good for so long.
               She took a long hot shower and let all tension run from 
         her body. When she finished she stepped out of the shower and 
         toweled off. Then she walked into her bedroom and pulled on 
         one of her night shirts and looked at herself in the mirror.
         The shirt was short but not too short. It came about six 
         inches above her knee and it was made from a white linen 
         material that you could just about see through if you stood 
         just right before the light. It was just a bit too tight, but 
         she liked the way the material clung to her breast and hips. 
         It made her feel sexy and that was how she felt now.
               The two boys were just finishing up their showers when 
         she walked down the hall towards the kitchen. When she heard 
         them in their room she stopped at the door. "I'm going to the 
         kitchen for something to drink before bed. Do either of you 
         want something"? 
               "I'm fine mom, thanks anyway", Brad said. "I'll be down 
         in a minute for some juice", Barry answered her.
               So with that she continued down the stairs and into the 
         kitchen. She poured herself a glass of milk and then poured a 
         glass of orange juice for Barry. Just as she put away the 
         juice carton and was sitting down Barry came in and sat down 
         across the table from her. "Wow mom, I never thought our 
         bodies could ever make us feel like that. It almost seemed 
         like my head had separated from my whole body. Like I was 
         floating in space". Bonnie smiled and remembered what it was 
         like her first time. It was in the woods behind her house. 
         She was with the boy down the street. They had been seeing 
         each other for a couple of months and thought for sure they  
         would marry each other someday. Her pussy gave a little 
         twinge as she thought of how it felt to finally get rid of 
         her cherry. Especially after all the talk she had heard from 
         the rest of the girls about what it was like to have a hard 
         peice of meat sliding between your legs.  When she came out 
         of her reverie Barry was finishing his juice and was going 
         back upstairs. "Barry, I really enjoyed are little lesson 
         today. But I want you and Brad to know that what we did alot 
         of people wouldn't approve of and there could be big trouble 
         for all of us if any one found out. Ok". She watched his eyes 
         to see if he understood. "Okay mom, I wouldn't want anything 
         to hurt our family, especially now. I'll talk to Brad to. I'm 
         sure he'll understand and we wo'nt tell a soul". Bonnie 
         quickly finished her milk and followed him up the stairs to 
         go to bed. "Good night boys, Get plenty of rest. I love you". 
         She was really glad that her two boys were smart enough to 
         understand the importance of keeping quiet about their little 
         secret.
         Once in her room, she run a brush through her hair, then 
         layed on the bed and started to browse through a magazine 
         before she went to sleep.
               Barry had told Brad what his mom said about keeping 
         their secret and he swore he would never tell anybody. "You 
         know Barry, I think mom's got the nicest boobs I've ever 
         seen. I mean they were so big, but yet they were so firm that 
         they were almost hard. And thos nipples. Wow, I could have 
         sucked them all day". As he talked he had his hand in his 
         pajama bottoms rubbing his now awakening cock.
               "Her tits were nice, but that pussy. What a taste. It 
         was even better thaN an ice cream sundae. So Sweet. And her 
         clit. It was just like sucking your cock". Now he too 
         starting showing signs of a rapidly rising boner.
               Barry pulled the sheets down pulled out his semi-erct 
         dick and rubbed it real slow. "Man,would you look at that. 
         It's only been about an hour and it's already hard again. You 
         want to suck it Brad? We could do each other, then maybe we 
         could get to sleep without having this to keep us awake".
               "I was thinking the same thing, but maybe we could 
         crawl into bed with mom and she could help get rid of these 
         hard-ons. Why don't we go see if she's still awake".
               So they quietly left their room and walked to the door 
         of her room. The door was still open a crack and they could 
         see that the light was out. Bonnie was laying on her side 
         with her covers pulled up to her waist. She still had on her 
         night shirt but just looking at her made both boys anxious to 
         fell that warm bodies next to theirs. They quietly stole into 
         the room and stood beside the bed behind her for a second.
               Bonnie was laying there kind of in a half asleep and 
         half awake. She thought that she had heard the boys walking 
         around, but she also thought that they were probably just 
         going to the bathroom. So when she felt a warm body press 
         against her backside she was a little startled. But then she 
         realized who it was. Slowly she reached out her hand and 
         searched through the covers for the smooth prick she knew 
         would be there. "Well, What are you doing here? I thought the 
         lesson was over for the day". When she found his prick she 
         started to slowly glide her hand up and downit's length. Then 
         she felt a second body press against her breast and she 
         realized that both boys had crawled in bed with her. She 
         thought,"What have I gotten started? Will I ever get any 
         sleep"? The next thing she knew she felt her shirt being 
         raised up and a pair of hands kneeding her breast. Then a 
         soft warm pair of lips was suckling one nipple. She kneww 
         that young men had great stamina, but she figured that two 
         cums so close together would have satisfied them. Well she 
         was wrong, because The cock her hand was as hard as stone and 
         giving faint little throbs and the mouth at her breast was 
         causing her to get warm and wet down below.
               "I thought you guys would have been sleeping by now. 
         Whats kept you up"? She quickly reached down and grabbed them 
         hem of her shirt and lifted it over her head. "We were laying 
         in bed just thinking about all the fun we had earlier and 
         before we knew it we had these hard penises again. We don't 
         know how to make them go down". Barry said, playing dumb. 
         "Well we can't have two fine young men such as yourselves
         going to bed like that can we"? Se smiled.  She rolled onto 
         her back. "Brad why don't you get down here between my legs 
         and explore my pussy for awhile and Barry you crawl up and 
         sit with your legs on either side of my boobs. I show want to 
         do from there". Brad didn't need anymore coaxing so he slid 
         under the covers and layed between her spread legs. This 
         didn't make his dick feel any better, but he was really 
         anxious to get at that pussy. What greeted him was even more 
         of a surprise. Her pussy was now completety bald. It didn't 
         have a single hair on it. She must have shaved it off in the 
         shower. He rubbed his face over it's warm smoothness. He 
         loved the way the soft smooth flesh felt against his cheek. 
         Next he started by running his tongue over the freshly shaven 
         lips. This caused Bonnie to move hewr hips up and down 
         slightly and he knew she was anxious for him to put his 
         tongue into her firey depths. But he wanted to savor every 
         little bit of this new found treat. So he started running his 
         tongue along the crease between the hole and the now moist 
         lips. Then he sucked one of the lips into his mouth and 
         chewed it gently. This caused her to move her body even more. 
         Next he pulled up on that tastey flesh and let it slide from 
         his mouth. Then he ran his tongue up and down her rapidly 
         moistening cunt like it was a lollipop afew time to get a 
         real good taste.
               Back on top of the covers Bonnie instructed Barry to 
         place his dick on the bone that ran between her tits. Then 
         she had him slide his body forward a little so that she couls 
         lean her head forward and lick it. Next she pressed her tits 
         together around the shaft and told him to start rocking back 
         and forth. When he did this the felling was unbeleivable. It 
         sent feelings through his cock that almost had him over the 
         edge. When Bonnie noticed this she quickly stopped him and 
         pulled him up to her face. All in one motion she swallowed 
         his rod and then just held him there. Then she applied 
         pressure with her teeth on the vein on the underside of his 
         cock to ebb his growing need. She wanted this to last because 
         she needed a different hole filled and she didn't know if he 
         could get hard again tonight.
               Brad was busy sucking her pussy like crazy. He had 
         found that he couls put his mouth over the whole thing and 
         that way he would get evey drop of the sweet nectar that ran 
         from her pussy. All his suckking was taking it's toll on 
         Bonnie also. It had brought her body to a fevered pitch and 
         she didnm't know if she could get control enough to get what 
         she really wanted. With this thought she gently slid the cock 
         from between her lips and told Barry to go to the bathroom 
         and bring back the bottle of baby oil in the medicine chest. 
         Barry was a little upset over the interuption of such a great 
         blow-job, but he quickly ran to get it. Next she motioned for 
         Brad to bring himself up from out of the covers. When he did 
         this she checked to make sure his hard-on was still intact 
         and then took the bottle of baby oil from Brad. Next she had 
         Barry lay on his back. She slowly rubbed some oil all over 
         his smooth young cock being sure to make it extra slippery. 
         Then she turned around and put her knees on either side of 
         hhis hips and straightened out her legs. She reached between 
         her legs a grasped the now slippery prick and placed it at 
         the entrance to her tight little asshole and slowly pushed.
         Barry at first didn't know what was happening, but he was 
         quick to learn. So he grabbed his now throbbing hard-on and 
         held it still. Slowly she pushed. When his cock met the 
         resistance of her spincter it stopped there for a second, but 
         with her slow steady push it soon gave way and his cock 
         started to travel into that tight tunnel of darkness. She 
         didn't want him to blow his load as soon as he slid in so 
         when she felt his prick touch the far reaches of her ass she 
         sat still for a minute and then leaned back over his chest.
         "Now Brad I want you to kneel in between mine and Barry's 
         legs and place your peter head at the entrance to my pussy. 
         Don't push too fast because it will take a second for my body 
         to adjust to having two cocks in it, but I'll let you know 
         when you can push all the way in". Brad quickly knelt between 
         their legs. He grabbed his cock and rubbed it around between 
         her cunt lips a few time and then when he felt her entrance 
         he gave his hips a little push. At first it was so tight that 
         he thought that his dickwould never fit. But just as his 
         mother had said she soon relaxed her steaming wet hole and he 
         could feel it open for him. "Ok Brad, now slowly push it all 
         the way inside, but when you get all the in I want you to 
         stop moving. If you want this to be the best then we'll have 
         to take it easy". So he slowly started to push his throbbing 
         cock into the steamy hole. It still felt tight, but it was 
         wet enough to allow him total access. Before long he looked 
         down and saw his whole cock had dissappeared in to her 
         depths.
               Next she reached around and grabbed his ass to hold to 
         for more control. "Okay, now I want both of you to start 
         taking long slow strokes. Barry it will probably be the 
         hardest for you to hold back, but if you feel the pressure 
         getting to bad just stop moving and it should cool off a bit. 
         Brad you do the same. I want to make all of us come 
         together".
               So the boys started to slowly stroke their cocks in and 
         out of the two holes. Brad who was fucking a hairless pussy 
         was beside himself with pleasure. It seemed his whole body 
         was now only his cock. Each stroke sent electric messages up 
         his spine. With each stroke he could feel his brothers cock 
         plunging into that other place of pleasure, only a thin 
         membrane separating them. It almost seemed as if their pricks 
         were one. He coulsd only get five or six strokes in before 
         his balls sent him the message of a near explosion. He 
         quickly remembered what Bonnie had told and stopped plunging 
         into her.
               Brad was having an even harder time. He could feel 
         every pore of his cock being swallowed by that hot dark 
         nether region. He had never thought that sticking his dick 
         into someone's asshole could feel so great. On his second 
         inward stroke he knew that he was so close to cumming that he 
         would be hard pressed to stop before shooting his load. But 
         when his hips touched the soft cheeks of his mother's ass he 
         reached around her chest and started fondling her breasts. 
         One in each hand. This allowed him to take his mind off his 
         cock enough so that he could hold back his impatient load.
               Bonnie was out of control. She had always fantasized 
         about being fucked from both sides, but when she had 
         approached the subject withher deceased husband, he had said 
         that it sounded sick to him and besides he wouldn't share her 
         body with anyone. Now that she was actually feeling two cocks 
         filling her two wanting holes she knew that she would never 
         get anything to feel this great. With each stroke of those 
         hard young hunks into her greedy core she felt herself rise 
         to an almost unimaginable height. Even when both boys stopped 
         to ebb their desires, just the felling of those pricks lodged 
         in two different holes but only being separated by that thin 
         membrane it was driving her over the edge. "Okay, now I want 
         both of you to start fucking and I mean real steady. Don't 
         stop for anything. Plunge those hard young cocks into me as 
         deep as you can. I want to fell every inch of you".
               With that encouragement both boys started to plummet 
         their cocks downward. Searching for the end of that warmth 
         that they knew would bring release. Each incredible in and 
         out brought all of them to a point that much closer of a mind 
         shattering orgasm.
               Brad's balls felt like they were on fire. The tingling 
         started from deep within his sack and started to move up his 
         prick getting closer to the head with each thrust.
               Barry's prick was pushing so far and so deep that each 
         downward thrust was hitting her cervix which only added more 
         fire to his now emflamed manhood. He knew he was just about 
         there.
               Bonnie was past the point of no return. She felt the 
         impending orgasm knocking at the gates of her mind. She used 
         her legs to help the boys get even more rythm and then 
         grabbed Barry's ass cheeks and pulled hom into as far as she 
         could and let go. All the pent up tension left along with one 
         long orgasm. When her flodgates opened she let loose with 
         such a torrent of cum that she could feel it running down the 
         crack of her ass and over Brad's now jerking cock.
               Barry threw his head back on that final plunge and shot 
         every ounce of jism he had into that waiting hole. He pulled 
         back his hips and drove again and still more liquid fire was 
         being added to what already lay there. 
               Brad pushed his cock as deep up her ass as her cheeks 
         wouls let and the cum rocketed out of the head of his cock 
         like it was coming home after being gone for so long. His 
         prick knew that it had found paradise. He could feel his 
         mother's rectum spasming around his throbbing pillar and this 
         drove him on. He let loose with yey another torrent on jism 
         which completely filled up her anal cavity and began to run 
         back around his dick and down the crack of his ass. Fianally 
         he layed down and started to return to earth. His cock had 
         give it's final spasm and was now starting to shrink to it's 
         normal size.
               Barry wanted to never take his cock out of that 
         pleasurable pussy. With feelings like that coming over his 
         cock he didn't ever want it to stop. But his last wad had 
         sapped him and now his prick too had shrunk and he felt it 
         plop out of the warmth to lie softly on his thigh. He rolled 
         over on the side of the bed and collapsed.
               Bonnie had never felt so good in her life. Those two 
         plunging cocks had sent her to mars and back. When Barry's 
         dick slid out of her pussy she was a little dissapointed, but 
         she knew that there would be other times. She slid down off 
         fo Brad's dick and lay between his legs. She looked at his 
         now shrunken dick. It was all covered with his and her 
         juices. It looked so cute laying there against his thigh. She 
         gently reached out and ran her fingers over it. Then she 
         snaked out her tongue and licked it. It tasted good. She had 
         tasted her own come before and she liked the way this tasted 
         mixed with hers. She put the soft cock in her mouth and 
         cleaned it all off with her tongue. But it was still 
         lifeless.
               She reached over to Barry and saw his prick was the 
         same so she quickly slipped his into her mouth and gave it a 
         thorough tongue lashing also. It tasted like sweet nectar. 
         But no matter how much she tried it would not rise to the 
         occassion. She knew that both boys would sleep good tonight.
               She quietly slipped out of her bed, picked up her night 
         shirt and walked down the hall to the boys room where upon 
         she climbed into one of the beds and dropped quickly off to 
         sleep.


               Stay tuned for even more fun with Barry Brad!!!
