 Orgin: The Geneva Convention Adult BBS
 Data: 812-284-1321 1200/2400


            Part 4 of the continuing story of Brad and Barry
         ************************************************************

               "Oh yes, yes, pound that big hunk into me" she panted.
         "I'm almost there. Don't stop , don't stop, yo're driving me 
         crazy with that monster cock". Amy was just about to loose 
         her cookies and she wanted to be sure that this was going to 
         be the best lay she'd had all semester.
               "Alright you sexy liitle bitch, you want hit hard 
         you'll get it". Mike could feel his balls tighten up in that 
         early warning that told him his cock was going to fill up 
         this hot little pussy laying under him. He really liked 
         laying the pipe to Amy. She was probably the hottest peice of 
         ass he'd had all year and he'd had plenty.
               Amy was starting to buck her hips up to meet his 
         thrusts and she was rolling her head around so fast that her 
         firey red hair was beating Mike's chest in a flurry. She had 
         both hands wrapped around both her boobs and she was tugging 
         at them like she was trying to pull them off. Mike reached 
         out pulled one hand away from it's firm prisoner and quickly 
         sucked the rock hard nipple into his mouth. This put a little 
         more fire into Amy's body, but it took away from some of the 
         meat to meat contact that drove her pussy mad. 
               She opened her eyes and then put her hands on Mike's 
         shoulders and motioned for him to stop. Mike didn't know what 
         she meant for a second and went he finally understood he was 
         a little worried that he had done something to piss her 
         off."Hey, what up? I'm just about there, I hope your not 
         through"? She could see the beginnings of dissapointment in 
         his eyes. "No, you sweet hunk". She pulled away from him and 
         quickly rolled over and raised her backside towards him and 
         gave it a little shake. "Do me like this. I love it when I 
         feel your hips banging my buns. It really rings my chimes".
               Mike's face quickly lit up and he grabbed his still 
         hard cock and aimed it for the dripping treasure that was 
         still wiggling around. He put one hand on her shoulder to 
         steady her and then he slowly guided his anxious prick into 
         her moist cavern. As his rod slid slowly slid in trying to 
         find bottom, he could feel every tight inch squeeze his meat. 
         Each inch farther caused his nuts to send there warning and 
         he hoped he could hold out long enough to give her that long 
         lust-driven cum that would send them into orbit.
               When his cock hit it's end, he stayed still for a 
         moment to let his cock cool off so he could hold off and 
         really enjoy this fine tight pussy a little bit longer. When 
         he felt sure that he wasn't going to cum too soon, he started 
         with a slow easy in and out.
               Amy was going crazy. She loved to fuck doggy-style. She 
         loved to feel that big rod sliding into her hot love canal 
         filling her up to the point where every hot crevice felt like 
         it filled completely. She especially liked fucking Mike 
         because he had about the biggest dick she had ever had and 
         she was sure to cum every time she was with him. Besides, 
         along with that big dick he was built like a brick shit 
         house. He had muscles everywhere. His whole body looked like 
         it came out of one of those men's workout magazines. Every 
         inch of him was was like tempered steel and right now the 
         most important peice of steel was about to ring her bell.
               Mike started to pick up the pace a little and when Amy 
         felt this she knew the end was near. To be sure that she was 
         right along with him she reached one hand back and started to 
         rub her clit. At her finger's first touch there she gasped 
         and started to slam her hips back to meet him.
               This really set Mike off. He grabbed both her hips in 
         his hands and started to pull her onto his cock with 
         increasing speed. Each thrust into her now dripping hole 
         caused their bodies to make a loud slapping sound. "Ohhhh, 
         Mike. I'mmm almost there. Come onnn Mike fill me up". She was 
         going over the edge and ther was no turning back.
               "Alright baby here it comes". He gave one final plunge 
         upto the hilt and let go with a volcanic eruption that felt 
         like his whole being was flowing out of the end of his dick. 
         His cock was making spasm after spasm and sending torrents of 
         come into her quivering pussy.
               Amy pushed her hips back against that wonderful 
         shooting hunk trying to force it deeper into her quivering 
         cavern. Each spurt of that hot come caused her to tremble and 
         she felt like she was having one orgasdm after another. When 
         she felt his cock give that last slow throb she knew that he 
         was done for and she shook her ass a little to get the last 
         feel of his wonderful cock.
               "Oooh, Mike, don't move. You make me throb inside. Do 
         you feel my pussy quiver on your meat"?
               Mike was still trying to catch his breath. "Do you 
         really have to go home this summer? I'd really like you to 
         stay around. You could stay at my place".
               "I've been telling you since we started going out about 
         my summers. I go home every summer. It's the only time I get 
         to spend with my mom and my two kid brothers".
               "I know, but I was hoping that maybe you would change 
         your mind this summer. Come on Amy, stay with me. We could 
         travel around a little and then we could have all that time 
         together".
               "No, I've already called mom, and she sounded so 
         excited and the boys could hardly wait to see me". 
               "I'm really going to miss you. Maybe I could come up 
         and visit you"?
               "Well, that would be nice. Why don't you give me a call 
         and we'll see what happens".
               Mike rolled over on his side and his cock made a little 
         plopping sound as it slid out of her tight little snatch.
               "Wow, you sure know how to wear a girl out. I haven't 
         felt like this ever".
               "You're a great fuck. I've never met anybody that could 
         move like that". He gently started to squeeze her firm 
         titties as he rolled the nipples between his thumb and fore 
         finger. "Gawd you're beautiful Amy. You've got a body like a 
         goddess. I love to touch every inch of you. I don't think I 
         can go all summer long and not see you".
               "Well, if you call my mom's house you might not have 
         to. I know she wouldn't mind having you spend some time 
         there. There's plenty of room".
               Mike's started picking up and putting on his clothes 
         that spread all over Amy's room. just as he was going to put 
         his jeans on Amy grabbed him and pulled his now limp cock to 
         her greedy lips.
               "I just want to get one last taste of this monster 
         before you go". She wrapped her long slender fingers around 
         his slowly hardening member and guided it to her waiting 
         mouth. "I want you to think of me every night while we're 
         apart", she said as she slipped her hungry mouth down over 
         his rod. She slowly worked his now erect prick into her oral 
         cavern until she felt his pubes brush her nose. Then she 
         started to glide her head back up towards the mushroomed 
         shaped head. When she reached the end she pulled it out and 
         ran her oral didgit up and down it's throbbing length. "I 
         want to be sure you know who's going to be waiting for you".
         Then she moved down to his balls and gave them each a little 
         suck before moving her lips back up to the quivering head. 
         Then just like lightening she swallowed that hunk sending a 
         shiver down his cock and into his balls.
               "Gawd,you sure do know how to swallow that monster. If 
         you keep this up, I'll be fillin up those pretty cheeks of 
         yours' real soon".
               When Amy heard this she sucked in her lips and started 
         that slow up and down motion that she knew would bring him to 
         climax and give her the rich reward that she craved. With 
         each stroke she could feel his dick swell. Once when she was 
         at the end of a down stroke she stopped there and just held 
         that delicious peice of meat between her lips. Then she 
         pushed her head even farther and felt his cock lodge in her 
         throat. Next she made swallowing motions in her throat that 
         would cause him to feel a massaging motion in there.
               This sent shivers up Mike's spine and put him at the 
         end of his rope. When she started to move her head up and 
         down again he started to fuck back into her mouth.
               Amy smiled at this and continued to mouth is throbbing 
         organ. When his cock gave his first spurt she was unprepared, 
         but she knew that she could handle even more. She grabbed 
         both balls in her hands and gave a little tug. This really 
         sent his cum flowing. He rammed his cock in as far as 
         possible and sent torrent after torrent of hot jism into her 
         hot oral cavity. With each spasm she swallowed that delicious 
         fluid and she craved more.
               When she felt his cock start to deflate she took into 
         her throat for one last time and then backed off with a sigh.      
         As his slowly softening prick left her lips she said, "I hope 
         you remember this all summer, cause I will".
               "I'll remember alot more than that, you can bet on it". 
         He was still breathing hard as Amy started to pull on her 
         panties. When she was almost done he pulled her back down and 
         crashed his lips upon hers in a long hot tongue searching 
         kiss.
               "If you keep this up we'll never get dressed", she 
         smiled as she pulled away.
               "I was hoping you'd say that. I'd like to stay like 
         this forever". He was trying to unbutton her blouse to get at 
         those succulent tits, but she brushed away his hands and 
         continued to button her blouse.
               "You're an animal Mike. You know I've got to get ready 
         to go home. My bus leaves at 10 o'clock tonight and I've got 
         so much to do before then. I'll miss you too, but my mom and 
         my brother's would be awful pissed if I don't get off that 
         bus in the morning. Besides, you've got their number, so 
         don't forget to call". With that said she gave him a quick 
         peck on the cheek and opened the door for him.
               "I'll be seeing you soon Amy. Make sure you're around 
         the house once in awhile so I can call you". Mike looked lost 
         as he walked down the hall.
               "Don't wait too long to call. I'll be home most every 
         day about four o'clock when mom gets home from work". She 
         waved good-bye as he headed down the stairs that lead 
         outside.

                      Next: Amy arrives home
                            chapt 5

