Orgin: The Geneva Convention Adult BBS
Data: 812-284-1321 1200/2400 24hrs
State: Clarksville, Indiana



            Part 3 in the continuing story of Brad and Barry



               I was a warm smmer afternoon. The sun was gradually 
         making it's way to it's setting and there was a slight 
         breeze.
               There was a low moaning sound coming from a group of 
         bushes in the woods about a mile behind Brad and Barry's 
         house. 
               When Barry first heard these intimate sounds he wanted 
         to walk right in there and see who was at the center of those 
         seductive sounds. But he had learned that it might be better 
         for him if he quietly snuck up and peeked on whoever it was 
         that seemed to be enjoying themselves so much.
               When he slowly parted the bushes his eyes almost came 
         out of his head. There was his brother Brad on his knees 
         pumping is cock into Darla Jennings. Sweet Darla. Why she 
         must have been the fantasy girl of half the juniors at 
         Helmstead High. The way she was rolling her head around and 
         the noise she was making he could tell that his brother must 
         have really been going at for some time. Brad was ramming his 
         prick into so hard and so fast that his hips were almost a 
         blur. Barry quietly watched them for about five minutes when 
         suddenly Brad pulled back on her hips and shot load after 
         load of his hot juices into waiting cavern.
               When he had gained his senses he leaned back and let 
         his limp dick slip out and he just seemed to gaze into 
         nowhere. That was when he noticed Barry. Putting his finger 
         to his lips Barry motioned for him to come over where he was 
         standing, but to leave Darla there.
               "I've got to go take a leak Darla, you stat put and 
         I'll be right back. We can start back in a minute". 
               "Don't you go off and leave me here for long Brad, 
         you're not finished with me that fast. There's still a few 
         more positions we haven't got yet".
               "I'll be back before you can blink an eye".
               When he got around the bushes he motioned for Barry to 
         follow him out of earshot of Darla. "What are you doing 
         sneaking up on me Barry. If Darla knew you were watching 
         she'd have my hide and I'd never get in her pants again".
               "I didn't know it was it you when I first came out here. 
         I was walking over to Tommy's house and I heard these moans 
         so I figured I'd check it out. You're not the only guy to 
         bring a girl out here".
               "So what are you hanging around for then. You can see 
         I've got the hottest babe in town on her knees begging to 
         fuck me and I'm going back there now and you're going to get 
         lost".
               "Wait a minute. I thought we were brothers".
               "Yea, so what"?
               "Well, I was thinking. We could kind of share her. If 
         we did it right, by the time she realized what was happening 
         she would be too far gone to stop and then we could both slip 
         her a little sausage".
               "What have you got in mind"?
               "Well you go back in there and start working her over. 
         You know get her real hot. Then tell her that you want her to 
         suck your dick for a while before you play hide the sausage 
         again. Then when she's all wrapped with your cock in her 
         mouth I'll sneak up behind her and slip her the salami from 
         behind. We'll have her  so horny by that time that she'll be 
         begging us to screw the pants off her".
               "Well OK, I'll give it a try. But you got make sure 
         she don't notice you sneaking up on her. If she hears you, 
         she might scream and she could bite my peter off".
               Both boys laughed at that, but Brad quickly ran back to 
         his sweet little honey, Darla.
               "What took you so long? Can't you see that this sweet 
         little pussy is just dying to be filled again. I just love 
         the way you make me feel so full inside. Why don't you come 
         over here and give me that big hunk again"?
               "I think I'll have me a little dessert first. You lay 
         back and I'll show you something that'll make your head 
         spin".
               When Darla layed down on her back brad looked her over 
         real slow. He couldn't beleive he was actually here with the 
         prettiest thing in town. Not only did she have one of the 
         sweetest looking asses he had ever seen, she had the best 
         titties too. Even when she layed on her back they just sort 
         of reached out to him as if to say, "come and fell me", or 
         "suck me good". She was so beautiful.
               Brad started at her lips. He gently kissed those 
         lucious lips until she gave a little gasp. Then he move 
         around to her neck and slowly ran his tongue along her neck 
         to her earlobe, where he probed with his tongue. Seeing this 
         did not have the desired affect he quickly licked his way 
         down to those lucious orbs. He gave each one a little nip and 
         then started a real slow hard sucking. he moved back and 
         forth between tits like he was undecided on which one was 
         better. Actually he loved her tits the same, but knowing that 
         he was actually sucking and biting on Darla's made it so much 
         more enjoyable. 
               When he was sure he had had enough of her breast he let 
         his tongue run a line down her stomach. He quickly stopped 
         and ran his tongue around her navel and then slowly descended 
         to that most treasured target.
               Darla usually wore one of those new thong bikinis. She 
         didn't want any tell tale pubes showing out the skimpy bottom 
         so she kept her bush trimmed down to a cute little stripe 
         that barely left any hair on her pussy at all. Brad had never 
         seen one shaved like that, but that made it all the more 
         pleasing. When his tongue reached the beginning of that 
         sparse patch he ran it along it's sides and then around to 
         her thigh. Here he licked small circles ending each one right 
         where her legs joined her groin. He could tell by the little 
         mewing sounds she made that it was having the desired effect. 
         This encouraged him on farther. Next he ran his tongue back 
         up to the topof her mound. He gently put both hands on either 
         side of her love nest and spread her lips with his hands and 
         did a quick inspection of the treasure that lay hidden 
         beneath that golden fleece. Her clit wasn't as big as big as 
         his mother's, but it looked so inviting that he trembled with 
         the thought of capturing it with his teeth and lips. Slowly 
         he worked his tongue down over the ridge of her mound until 
         it found that little peice of sweet knob. When he reached it 
         he let his tongue run circles all over it until he could feel 
         her body tense. Then he captured it in his mouth and sucked 
         real soft. This brought her ass off the ground. She started 
         moaning like a bitch in heat and she was pushing his face 
         hard against her cunt trying to force more of it in his 
         mouth. Brad knew that she would be loosing her cookies at any 
         moment. Quickly he moved his mouth down to her sweet hole and 
         plunged his tongu in as far as it would go. That was all it 
         took. She skyrocketed. She was moaning so loud and thrashing 
         her head around so much that he thought for sure the whole 
         world would hear. He kept it up for a little bit longer and 
         then he moved his face back and blew little hot breaths on 
         her pussy. She thrashed a little longer and then started to 
         quiet down.
               When he sat back up she leaned up to him and quickly 
         gave him the biggest kiss he'd ever had and even snaked her 
         tongue in to taste her juices.
               "That was incredible. I've never had anybody do that to 
         me before. You made me feel like my whole body was on fire. I 
         can't beleive how good it felt. Can girls make guys feel that 
         good too"?
               "I bet if you tried and I told a few things along the 
         way, you could have me blasting off in no time".
               She quickly put her hand on his chest to make lay down, 
         but he stopped her and said, "it works much better for men if 
         we kind of stay on our knees. Men like to be able to feel 
         that they have a little control. Even if they really don't".
               So when he sat back on his haunches with his dick 
         sticking straight out like a flag pole, Darla quickly got on 
         her knees in front of him. He knew she like the taste of her 
         own juices from the way she had frenched him a few minutes 
         ago, so he knew that the scum left on his cock from their 
         last fuck wouldn't stop her now. 
               "Okay, first thing is for you to lean over and pretend 
         your licking a nice sweet lollipop. Run your tongue all up 
         and down the shaft a few time to get the feel of how a cock 
         feels". "Then lick back up to the top and put your lips over 
         the head. Be sure to cover your teeth with your lips, cause 
         it doesn't fell good having teeth rubbed on a hard dick. Then 
         when you feel like you got that part, slowly slide your lips 
         down the shaft until you feel it against the back of your 
         throat. Once you get that far I think the rest you'll be able 
         to figure out".
               She slowly lifted his meat to her lips and carefuly 
         pursing them she slid her lips over the head. At first touch 
         she knew this was going to be fun. Once she had the head just 
         inside her mouth she tried running her tongue over it to see 
         how it tasted. She immediately tasted her own juices and knew 
         she was going to like it even more. Next she slowly slid her 
         lips down his length. "Take your rime Darla. If you want to 
         get me off the way I did you, you need to take it slow and 
         not try to rush things. Slide your lips all the way down and 
         then stay down for a few seconds so you can get used to 
         having something this big in there. Then try to go down a 
         little farther. You might feel like choking when my cock 
         first hits the back of your throat, but thats normal. Just 
         stop right there until the feeling passes and then slide down 
         a bit farther. Keep doing that until you've got all of me in 
         your mouth and throat. You'll be surprised at how easy it is.
               Darla quivered with the thought of all that hot flesh 
         in her mouth and all the sweet hot cum stored in those balls 
         that would ber filling her mouth to run slowly down her 
         throat. When she first felt that bif fat dick press against 
         her throat she thought she'd never be able to accomodate it 
         in there. But she listened to Brad's instructions and stopped 
         moving. She noticed that after a few seconds the pressure 
         eased a bit and she felt sure she could continue. An inch at 
         a time she forced that hot cock down her throat. The felling 
         was incredible.She could feel it throbbing in her throat, 
         just begging for release. But she wasn't done yet. She wanted 
         to make Brad climb that ladder of orgasm to the very last 
         minute. She opened her eyes and saw that she had only about 
         an inch to go and her heart pounded with the thrill of 
         knowing she could engulf the wounderful cock. She gently 
         pushed her lips down that last inch and was rewarded when she 
         felt his pubic hair brush her nose.  It felt so different 
         having something of this size in her throat. Almost like 
         having a cock split her pussy apart for the first time. From 
         that time on she knew that sucking dick would be her favorite 
         next to slid her pussy over one.
               Brad was hard put not lose unload down those beautiful 
         lips from the first moment she took him in, but he knew that 
         Barry was waiting to get his greedy cock into that steaming 
         pussy, so he started to think of things that would cool his 
         nuts off for the time being.
               Barry was beside him self now. It was hard enough 
         watching his brother run his tongue all over this sweet peice 
         of meat, but to see him with his cock stuffed all the way 
         down her throat was about as much as he could take. Slowly he 
         slid his pants down and kicked them off. Next he tor off his 
         tee-shirt and piled it with his pants. He waited a few 
         seconds moreto be sure that Darla was totally engrossed in 
         her first blow-job and then quietly slid through the bushes. 
         She still didn't notice him when he dropped to his knees so 
         he grabbed his throbbing member and stroked it a few times, 
         all the while watching her head bob up and down on Brad's 
         rod. He held his staff out and aimed for the mouth of her now 
         sopping pussy and sunk it in to the hilt with one easy 
         plunge.
               Darla was caught totally unawares by this invasion of 
         she knew not what. She immediatelt started to ask what the 
         hell was going on, but with her mouth full of cock all she 
         could do was mumble. Brad, seeing that she might want to back 
         off his pillar of hot flesh, put his hands on her head and 
         held her steady. Meanwhile Barry had wrapped his hand around 
         her hips so when she tried to pull away he was ready for her. 
         He slammed his hip against her ass with a force so hard that 
         it made a little slapping sound and he was buried up to the 
         nuts. Then he started a slow easy in and out that he knew 
         would take it toll on her already steamy tunnel. After he 
         plundered her a few times she slowly started to respond. He 
         smiled as he looked towards his brother and nodded his head 
         to show that she was responding.
               With that Brad slowly started his slow pumping into her 
         mouth that bring him his much needed release.
               At first touch of this new flesh penetrating her heated 
         hole, Darla was scared that she was being used in a way that 
         she didn't care for. But when that hot staff kept gliding 
         into her waiting hole her body overcame it's fear and started 
         to respond. That monstrous cock in her mouth was staring to 
         throb and the one in her snatch was bringing her closer to a 
         mind shattering orgasm. She soon realized that she was too 
         far gone to turn back so she went at those two cocks with 
         shear abandon.
               Barry started to fell his ball tighten and he knew that 
         he wouldn't be far off now. He started to thrust harder and 
         harder to bring him to that spine splitting release that was 
         almost there.
               Brad was right ahead of him and already his cock was 
         gathering for the wad that would seem to tear his mind from 
         his body.
               When Brad's cock gave it's first blast into Darla's 
         anxious mouth, her mind began to reel. The prick in her pussy 
         was setting it aflame. She knew that she was going to have 
         the deepest, hardest come of her young life.
               Barry made one last plunge into that sweet moist cavern  
         and then he let loose with a flood of cum. It spurted from 
         his cockhead so hard that it bounced off her cervix and 
         started to run out of her pussy making it all the more slick.
               When that first wad hit bottom Darla's body was lost in 
         a pleasure dome. Every nerve in her body was on fire. Her 
         pussy was throbbing and the dock in her mouth was filling her 
         up faster than she could swallow. She felt out of control. 
         When she felt Brad's cock give a final weak spurt she slowly 
         backed off that thobbing hunk and pushed her ass down hard on 
         Barry's staff to feel it throb all along her hot tunnel.
               Barry's rod gave one final spasm and then started to 
         recede. He had shot so much liquid fire that it was running 
         back out of her pussy and onto his thighs. After his last 
         spasm he pulled out and fell over on his side to catch his 
         breath.
               Brad slowly rolled Darla over onto her back to let her 
         see that it was his brother that he had been sharing her 
         charms with. 
               When she saw how the two boys looked so much alike, she 
         stopped thinking about why she should be mad, and started to 
         laugh. "Why didn't you tell me that you had a twin brother"?
               "Well I guess it never came up. We've only been seeing 
         each other a little while and I just figured everyone at 
         school knew about us".
               Barry had finally caught his breath enough to say "You 
         sure are one pretty girl Darla. I been watching you ever 
         since the first day of school. I didn't want to scare you, 
         but when I heard you moaning earlier I just help wanting 
         you. Me and Brad figured that with the right plan we could 
         really show how close two brothers can be".
               "You two sure did surprise me, but I guess it's 
         alright. Besides, with the way you two look I could never be 
         sure which one I was with anyhow. This way I'll know where 
         both of you are". With that they all laughed. Then Barry 
         started to run his hands around the smooth globes that were 
         Darla's tits. "Anyone want to try for seconds", he said.



                       more to come.
