Archive-name: 3plus/twistfnt.txt
Archive-author: Robert E. Epps
Archive-title: Twisted Fantasy, A


Debbie and Sue and Patti and Rob (yep that's me!) have just gotten
back from a sunny day at the beach and they are all feeling pretty
hot and flushed.  (Rob is feeling pretty darn horny too after seeing
those three cute girls in their very skimpy bikinis!)  Rob suggests a
game of "Twister" and the others agree, so he spreads the mat out on
the floor.  "O.k.", he says, "I'll handle the spinner and you girls
get around the mat."  They do that, Rob spins the spinner, and calls
out the first move.  "Right foot red!"  The three tanned beauties
(still wearing their eye-popping bikinis) each put their right foot
on a red circle.  Rob spins the spinner again.  "Left foot green!"
Already it's not so easy -- two of the young ladies collide as they
go for the same circle, and they giggle as they try to keep their
balance and get their feet on the proper circles.  Meanwhile, Rob is
starting to get a hard-on watching the succulent bodies rubbing
against each other. (I'm getting one just typing this!)  "Left hand
green!"  Now the fun REALLY begins, as the girls dive down to get
their left hands on any available green circle without losing
balance. What a sight!  Sue has to reach across under Debbie to get
at a circle, and her back presses up against Debbie's breasts,
causing them to slip out of the bikini slightly and make the tan
lines visible.  Meanwhile Patti's legs are starting to get tangled up
with Sue's.  The girls are start- ing to feel horny as their bodies
rub against each other more and more, and Rob is practically
drooling!  "Right foot blue!"  Debbie laughs. "How am I going to get
my foot over there!?"  Now two of the three girls are in trouble, as
they can't hardly move without losing one of the other circles.
Patti carefully slides her foot toward a blue circle, but she loses
her balance and ends up on the mat, giggling. Her legs are still
tangled with Sue's, making it tougher for her to move her foot to the
right place.  (Look at those beautiful legs!) Sue now has to loop one
arm around Debbie's sexy hips to keep her balance.  As Patti tries to
crawl off the mat without knocking Sue over, Rob spins the spinner
again and calls out "right hand yellow!" "No way!!!" shouts Sue as
she reaches for the nearest yellow circle. She slips and lands on top
of Patti, their breasts pressed together. Debbie almost gets her hand
to the circle, but Sue's arm pulls on Debbie's waist as she falls,
and Debbie loses her balance and lands on top of Sue.  Now Sue is
sandwiched between Debbie and Patti and their legs are still tangled
up and they are giggling and enjoying the pleasurable sensations as
they press against each other!  Rob can't believe his eyes, and he
sits down next to the pile of sexy bodies and begins to rub Debbie's
back gently.  Patti and Sue con- tinue to rub their breasts together,
their nipples growing hard and erect, and Patti slides her hands down
Sue's sides and begins to caress her lovely ass.  Rob's hands work
their way up and under, sliding between Debbie's chest and Sue's back
and toying with Debbie's nipples.  Oh look at all that beautiful
tanned flesh undulating and rubbing against each other!  Then as Rob
begins to work his hands down Debbie's body, she reaches out and
unzips his shorts and puts her hand around his throbbing cock!  Now
four pairs of hands are at work, rubbing and squeezing and giving
great amounts of sexual pleasure to four very hot and horny people.
Pretty soon the writhing mass spreads out across the Twister mat, as
Debbie rolls over onto Rob and they embrace, their hungry mouths
making contact.  They kiss and kiss and kiss as their bodies rub and
grind against each other.  Out of the corner of one eye I can see Sue
and Patti in the 69 position, munching on each other's hot wet
vagina.  Suddenly Debbie sits up and grabs my cock, and guides it
into her.  Oooooh!  I grab hold of her hips as I thrust into her, our
bodies rocking and gyrating as one. The fires burning in my crotch
course throughout my body and up my arms, and my hands slide up
Debbie's body and clasp those wonderful boobs and knead them and
press them together.  I thrust and thrust and THRUUST, and feel the
warmth flowing out of me inside her, and my hands slip around her
back and pull her down to me and we embrace tightly...

--
