TWO MUCH
An Erotic Story
I'm looking for advice. Maybe someone out there can help me.
First, I guess I'd better explain my problem. I know that some people wouldn't even consider it to BE a problem, but I do.
Did you ever have a fantasy about having three women making love to you? How about a fantasy where you met twins; both of who loved you, and was willing to share you with her sister?
Sounds like heaven doesn't it? Two (or three) horny girls, all of who love you, working together to get you off. Sounds like a wet-dream, doesn't it. Well, be careful what you dream about. You might get it. I'll explain:
To start out, I'm 16 years old, and this all started about a year ago, last summer. I had just gotten out of school, and my mother and I were poking around at the local auction-house, looking for bargains.
Sometimes the best deals were to be had at the auctions, held every Wednesday evening, and sometimes you could get even BETTER deals by dickering with the owner of the auction-house before or after the auctions.
Momma was a scrounger. She could stretch a dollar further than anyone I ever knew. She had to be, raising a 15 year old boy on the pittance they called welfare, (Actually, "AFDC", or "Aid to Families with Dependent Children" [me]) They barely gave you enough to hold body and soul together.
By the time you paid the rent, electricity, and any other utilities, the amount left over to eat with, buy clothes with, and do all the other things that are necessary to survive, was about half what we really needed. At least, if we paid regular prices at the supermarket and department stores, that is. So, my mother was a scrounger.
She couldn't work, as if she did, the welfare people would deduct a dollar from our check, for every dollar she earned, and what with the expenses of working, she would actually bring home LESS money, if she DID work. Not only that, but if she worked, she became ineligible for free medical care, and with them taking every cent of the money she earned from her paycheck, she couldn't afford to pay for it herself. They don't pay unskilled female workers enough to raise children, so Mother had no choice but to go on welfare. (OK, "AFDC")
As you can tell, I think the welfare system sucks. Why they design it to force people like my mother who WANTS to work, to stay trapped in this welfare mess, is beyond me. Though the money from welfare was slightly more than she could earn on a job of her own, it was still not enough to raise a teenager with.
So, Momma was a scrounger. Since she couldn't EARN money with her time, she used it to SAVE money. At that time, Momma had finagled a deal, where we were BUYING a "farm" for less money than the cheapest rent you could get in the city.
The welfare department has a policy of forcing people to sell any homes they owned, and live off that money, until they had nothing left, then they will pay rent for people. (Only at the cheapest possible place, of course.) Mother pointed out to them, that she didn't OWN this farm, she was just BUYING it, and the mortgage payment was less than the cheapest place she could rent in town. She agreed to take an equivalent reduction in welfare payment, because of this. The county grumbled, but went along, as it DID end up costing them less. Usually, they allowed a fixed amount for rent, and if you could find something cheaper, then you could use the extra for your other expenses. (I guess SOMEONE in the welfare department had a lick of sense, and knew if you paid cheaper rent, then usually other expenses like utilities went up to compensate.) Mother was quite willing to give up the extra, if she could have the farm.
It's amazing the money you can save by living on a farm, even if it's only a few acres, with nothing but scrub timber on it. For one thing, we had a garden. Not just a little dinky garden, but almost two whole acres of it. It took a lot of work to take care of it, but as I pointed out, what else did Mother have, but time? Besides, she had me to help.
Mother finagled a trade with a neighbor for a goat, and we thereby had fresh milk every day for next to nothing. The goat ate brush and grass, (thereby helping to clear a little land) supplemented by a little commercial goat-food.
With food from the garden, that Mother and I canned, milk from the goat, and a few chickens for eggs and meat, our food budget was so low you wouldn't believe it.
For clothes, Mother shopped secondhand stores and other places. OH, how weary I was of secondhand clothes! There were some things though, that we just HAD to buy. In addition, the "farm" had a few extra expenses that we wouldn't have had otherwise. Like a place for the chickens.
The day everything started, Mother was negotiating to buy a whole stack of used shingles that someone had removed from a house or barn. She planned on using them as siding for the chicken-house we had just cobbled together from poles from the scrub-timber, and a little bit of used lumber. By the time we were finished, I don't think the whole building cost us more than a good meal in a restaurant would have. Of course, the last time we had a meal in a restaurant, had been YEARS before.
It turned out, that the stack of shingles was owned by a woman living in a trailer, right at the auction-house. The people who ran the auction-house also rented space for trailers, as a kind of semi-trailer-park. Some families who were almost as poor as we were, lived there at times.
At this time, there was only one family there, but I remember when there were as many as 8 trailers parked there. Not big, not fancy, but not very expensive either.
The woman who lived in the trailer was astounded that Mother actually wanted to BUY those old shingles. She had figured that she would have to PAY to have them hauled away. Still, Mother insisted on paying a minimal amount, and that was the start of a new friendship for the two of them.
From then on, we would often stop in to visit, on the way to and from town. Since I was usually with Mother, this meant that I spent a lot of time there too.
At first, it was boring time. Mother would visit with Cathy, and if I had a book with me, I would usually read, as their conversation didn't hold much interest for me. They tried to get me to play with her children; but at 12 and 10 years old, the three girls seemed too young to me to be interesting.
Besides, they were GIRLS. Even though I was 15, and as horny as that implies, I never thought of the two twins or their little sister as possible dates. Geesh! They were three whole years younger than I was!
At that time, I was practically a walking hard-on, like any teenager. Still, being poor, and living "out in the sticks" made it hard for me to get even close to any of the few girls I met at school. Let's face it; I wasn't a "dream-date."
The only sex I had, up to that point, (beyond my own hand that is,) was with another boy, and it wasn't that we were homosexual or anything. We were both just horny out of our minds, and didn't have any girlfriends. Heck, I envied Jerry, because he at least had sisters. Of course, HIS attitude was that "sisters" weren't really GIRLS, they were. . . well, sisters. Yuck.
I would have gladly fucked any of his sisters, but they never gave me the time of day. So, Jerry and I played around with each other, and one time we even went so far as to suck each other off. We jacked off together mostly, and quite often bragged about how we were going to get in some girl's pants, but we never did. Or at least I never did. Jerry and his family moved away, about a month after the episode with the shingles, so I don't know if he ever got laid, or if he did, by whom.
Well, one day we were visiting, and I had run out of things to read, so Mother suggested that I play cards with the other kids. You know how "helpful" parents are. I was disgusted and annoyed at the idea of playing babysitter to the three kids, but was also bored enough to try it.
It turned out to be fun after all. We all squeezed into the booth that made up the kitchen-table in the trailer, and started playing some stupid game where it didn't matter so much what cards you held, as the way you played them. What the name of it was, I can't even remember.
I got too distracted.
I was sitting right next to Bonnie, with her squeezed up against the wall, and her twin and little sister sitting on the other side of the table. It was a tight fit for four people, because all the fittings in the trailer were small, but it turned out to be fun.
Little girls CAN be fun. They may giggle and joke a lot, but their joy can be infectious. By the time we had been playing half an hour, I was actually having fun. I don't know who won the various games we played, and after a while, I didn't care. We were all giggling and joking and having a good time.
After a while, I suddenly became aware that my right hand was resting on Bonnie's leg, almost in her lap, and I could feel her leg right through the thin fabric of her short little dress.
I was suddenly embarrassed, as I realized I had been unconsciously feeling the little girl's leg, while we played.
I glanced over at the little girl, and she looked back at me. She didn't say anything, but I could tell she was aware of where my hand had been. Still, she didn't object.
I must have been crazy, but this time I deliberately put my hand back on her leg. She still didn't object. I looked over at her, and she raised an eyebrow, as if to say, "What's the matter?" but that was all.
I lost all interest in the game. I was barely able to make valid responses from then on, and my play deteriorated to being ridiculous. The kids didn't mind. They had fun beating me at cards. For the next hour or so, we sat there and played.
The kids played cards, and I seemed to. Actually, MY play was all with Bonnie. I "accidentally" slid my hand a little farther to the right, so it slipped down in Bonnie's lap. When she didn't object, or move my hand, I started applying a little pressure, until I had my fingers pressing down against the front of her dress right next to her pussy. She STILL didn't object, and I think she even spread her legs a little, to allow me to get
a little closer to my goal. I'm not sure. It was so tight in that booth, that I couldn't do much anyway.
This went on, for half an hour or so, until her mother brought us something to drink, and I almost gave the whole show away by yanking my hand out of her daughter's lap.
Thankfully, I realized this in time to stop myself, while I broke out in a cold sweat; wondering what would happen if Cathy realized just where my hand was resting. I casually pulled my arm from under the table to pick up my drink, and was relieved that the woman didn't seem to notice.
Bonnie had noticed, that I was sure of. Still, she never said a word.
After her mother had left, I waited a few minutes, and then dropped my hand down beside me again, so it was resting on Bonnie's leg. When she still didn't respond, I slid my hand a little farther down, until it was below the hem of her short little dress, and resting on her knee.
For a while, we sat there like that, only moving to throw or pull a card, when we had our turns. Nobody seemed to notice that I only used my left hand while playing. I was sweating now, but couldn't stop myself.
Slowly my hand inched back up, sliding the little girl's dress up her leg, until my little finger brushed against something warm and slick.
I almost fainted, when I realized my little finger was brushing against the smooth silk of the little girl's panties. I was almost ready to cum in mine.
I looked carefully at Bonnie. The 12 year old girl was looking studiously at the cards displayed on the table, but her eyes were blank. I could tell she knew exactly what I was doing, and was deliberately ignoring it.
Emboldened by her lack of resistance, (or more correctly, her quiet acceptance,) I went a little further, and pushed the heel of my hand right up against the furrow her little slit made in her silky panties.
Bonnie grunted, but just shrugged, when one of her sisters asked if anything was wrong. She liked it! I knew she did, or she would have said something. Or at least, she would have moved my hand, if she didn't like it.
By now, it was becoming obvious that she did. Bonnie actually slid a little lower in the seat, to give my hand a little freer access to her silken panties.
I was in heaven. I started stroking and rubbing the little girl's slit right through her panties. Bonnie gave a small sigh of pleasure, and scrunched a little farther down in the seat.
I don't know how far we might have gone, but it was about then that the girls' mother invited Mother and me to dinner. Mother accepted, so we all had to stop playing cards, while dinner was prepared. The kitchen (and the table) was needed for other uses.
Guiltily, I removed my hand from under Bonnie's dress, and pretended I just had my hand down there as a prop to help me get out from under the table. Nobody commented, so I supposed that I got away with it.
While dinner was being prepared, I noticed the twins whispering together, and realized just what a fool I had been. Bonnie obviously never kept any secrets from her twin sister, and I figured that the two of them were discussing what the "pervert" had been doing while we played cards.
I was dead! Even if Bonnie didn't mind, I was sure her sister would. If not for me "molesting" her twin, then for exactly the opposite reason. I figured that Betty would be mad that her sister got to do something that she didn't, if nothing else. I was right, and I was wrong. The twins had long before figured out methods of handling situations like this.
At dinner, it was sheer torture. I wondered when one or the other of the girls would speak up; pointing me out to her mother as a person who fondled little girls right in her own mother's house. It was like stepping on a stair that wasn't there. Nothing happened.
I found myself squeezed in the same spot on the table, alongside Bonnie, only this time things were even tighter. My mother had joined us, squeezing three people into the little bench that was intended for only two. Bonnie's two sisters sat on the other side with their mother.
Six people at that little tiny table. It's a good thing that three of the people were little girls, and I was only a half-grown teenager. What a squeeze!
When dinner started to wind down, and nobody had said anything, I figured I was safe. To be sure, I let my hand slip down under the table, and fondled Bonnie's knee. Bonnie looked at me wide-eyed. I guess she hadn't expected me to try anything, while our parents were there.
Hurriedly, I removed my hand, before she could object. I kept my head turned straight forward while I did so, but sneaked a look out of the corner of my eye at the same time. Now, Bonnie looked annoyed. I didn't know what to do.
Carefully, I reached over to pat the little girl's knee, to reassure her. Boy did I get a surprise! Bonnie grabbed my hand, and placed it firmly against her little cunny, so I could feel it through her dress. The little girl obviously wanted me to continue where I had left off earlier. So I did.
Carefully, (being sure that no one noticed) I eased my hand up under the little girl's dress, while Bonnie tried to make it easier for me. It took me about two minutes to reach my goal, where my fingers were once again rubbing against the little furrow that marked where the little girl's slit was underneath her smooth cotton panties.
COTTON panties? . . . Oh shit!
This time, I looked Bonnie square in the face. Her grin confirmed it. This wasn't Bonnie I was feeling up, but her twin sister. The two girls had obviously switched places, just for this. Bonnie was looking at the two of us, and her eyes were dancing with glee. The twins had fooled someone again.
Bonnie didn't give us away though. Even though she MUST have known what was going on, she didn't say a word. She just sat there grinning, until her sister asked what was so funny.
"Oh nothing," replied Bonnie, and giggled.
In the meantime, Betty had leaned closer to me, and whispered in my ear. "I don't mind," she whispered, then sat back in her seat blushing.
Oh God! BOTH girls didn't mind my playing with their "private parts." For the second time that afternoon, I almost made a mess in my pants.
I was just about to REALLY find out what the little girl wouldn't object to, when we had to get up, and clean up after dinner. Darn! Afterwards, I never had another chance.
I think both girls must have told their little sister what I had been doing, even though I never saw them talking together, because for the next two hours all three little girls teased me unmercifully.
None of them would let me get close enough to touch her, but one after the other each of them would look around, and when no one was looking but me, would lift her little dress up, giving me a flash of panty underneath. Then the girl would giggle, and go running off.
I was horny out of my mind, and almost ready to grab one of the girls and poke her right there, if I got the chance. Even little Jennifer. If anything, the 10-year-old was even bolder than her two big sisters; lifting her short little skirt, so high I could see her bare tummy above the skimpy little panties that covered her pouting mound. Then the little girl would saunter away, unlike her big sisters, as if nothing had happened.
I shudder to think what might have happened if anyone had noticed this by-play, and asked what was going on. Or, worse yet, I HAD actually caught one of the girls, and tried to fuck her. I was just crazy/horny enough at that point to do it. I would probably be in jail right now, for statutory rape. Maybe just rape. No, I can't believe that.
I could never actually rape one of these girls. I love them too much. But BOY, they sure did tease me that day! By the time we headed home, I was almost crying with frustration.
The only tiny satisfaction I got, was just when we were about to leave. Bonnie (This time, I KNEW it was Bonnie.) ran up to me, gave me a quick peck on the nose, said "You're cute!" and ran away again.
I suffered all the way home, and for the next three days.
I must have jacked off 5 or 6 times that night, dreaming about little-girl slits, and how they would feel wrapped around my finger, and even better how they would feel wrapped around my stiff prick.
I guess it's a good thing that Mother never knew what I was thinking. I probably NEVER would have seen any of those girls again. Thankfully, Mother isn't a mind-reader.
By three days later, I was down to jacking off only three times a day, like I usually did. I still daydreamed about the girls, but not so urgently.
It was a whole week, before I saw them again, and then for just a few minutes. Darn.
The following Wednesday was another auction night, and Mother wanted to be there to bid on some old farm-machinery, that she thought she might get for a song. Well, some of it she did.
Growing bored, (and something else) I asked Mother if I could go visit Bonnie and Betty, while she waited for the items she wanted to come up for bid.
Momma was glad to see me go; just asking me to not make a nuisance of myself.
When I got there, Bonnie and Betty were busy drawing with color-crayons on the kitchen table, while their little sister was watching the tiny TV they had gotten the previous week at the auction.
When I knocked, Cathy was delighted to see me. It seems she wanted to bid on a couple of items at the auction herself, but couldn't get away because the kids needed watching. I was the volunteer babysitter.
"Now you kids do whatever Mark tells you to, you hear?" said Cathy, as she grabbed her purse and headed for the door.
"Yes Momma," came the dutiful reply from all three children.
My prick almost exploded, at the thought of what I would LIKE to tell these sexy little girls to do. Or at least, Bonnie and Betty. Jennifer was way too young.
"Can I join you?" I asked. Though I was nominally in charge, I wasn't going to force myself where I wasn't wanted. (Unlike my horny fantasy.)
Without a word, Betty got up, and moved to make room for me at the table. When I sat down, she scooted in, sandwiching me between two delectable little girls. I wondered if I had just been born lucky.
Both girls then seemed to ignore me, concentrating on filling in the picture spread out on the table. They both worked in unison, neither ever seeming to get in the way of the other, and neither picking incompatible colors. It was no wonder their little sister wasn't there. The two girls worked together just like one.
I barely noticed. I had been having fantasies about sitting next to ONE of the two little girls again. Here I was, with one on each side, seeming to ignore me, while I was pretty much free to do what I wanted with my hands. For sure, I would have been more hindrance than help with the coloring.
I decided to try it. They hadn't gotten mad before, even though they HAD teased me so badly afterwards. I let my hands slide under the table.
The girls kept on coloring, and the TV kept up its racket in the corner.
Carefully, I rested a hand on each knee beside me. Still no response.
When I slowly slid my hand up underneath both girls' dresses, neither girl said anything, but Bonnie looked at Betty, Betty looked back, and they both nodded. What more encouragement did I need? Not much. Two minutes later, I had reached my goal.
I had my hand up underneath both girls' dresses, and my big finger was probing in the damp little slit underneath the tight little panties.
I almost fainted with delight, as first the finger of my right hand slipped inside Bonnie, then 5 seconds later, the finger of my left hand felt Betty's tight little cunny rhythmically squeezing on it.
Seeming to ignore me again, except for each one spreading her legs a little to give me easier access, both girls continued coloring. Only now, their lines weren't so straight, and they didn't seem to be able to stay inside the lines of the picture as well. I pushed in a little harder.
This time, my probing digits slid all the way up inside the two tight little cunts. Betty gave a slight, "ouch," but nothing else was said. Feeling the mouths of two tight little slits clamping on my index fingers was so arousing, I imagined it was my cock stretching the little girls inside. Feeling my big fingers slip up inside the two girls' tight little holes, I wondered just how it must feel to them? I closed my eyes, and daydreamed about feeling someone else's big hand fumbling in my panties; stroking my bare little slit, which nobody except me and my sisters had ever touched before. Then having a friendly finger stroke me so carefully; trying to make me feel good, before slipping up inside my body in SUCH a warm sexy intimate manner. . . Shit! The stimulation of these erotic thoughts was too much. It was bad enough just FEELING the little girls' tight little cunnies squeezing on my invading finger, but the thought of what it felt like to THEM, drove me right on over the edge. I blew it. Yep, I came in my pants. Wasted it. Oh shit.
Actually, "Oh shit!" was the right expression.
My mother had gotten thirsty, and so had Cathy, so Cathy had volunteered to fetch a glass of Kool-Aid for both of them.
The door slammed open, catching me with my hands in her little girls' panties, and no doubt about what they were doing in there. There was no way that Cathy could miss it, yet I didn't dare yank my hands out of her little girls, for fear I would just draw attention to the very thing I wanted so much to hide.
The girls' mother didn't say a word. Climbing into the trailer, she calmly picked up two glasses; filled them with pink beverage, and headed out the door. Standing up inside like this, my hands were no longer visible, being hidden under the table, but I was sweating like a hog.
I knew I was going to get it. I just didn't know how bad.
Cathy stopped and leaned over the table.
"Have you girls been doing what Mark wants you to?" she asked with a straight face. Oh my GOD, what a line!
I think what saved me, was that I was too surprised to react. If I had giggled, or acted guilty, or even shrugged, Cathy would probably have come down on me like a ton of bricks. As it was, I think my sheer nonchalance impressed her. I didn't act guilty, so her girls didn't FEEL guilty. Cathy liked that.
Actually, it wasn't nonchalance. It was sheer terror. My mind had gone numb, and I couldn't have moved or reacted if the house had caught fire. My fingers were frozen, still stuck up inside her little girls' tight little snatches, while the smell of my cum permeated the room. I didn't have a prayer of getting away with this, so I did. Amazing isn't it?
"Yes, Momma," replied all three girls. Bonnie's tight little cunny gave a squeeze on my invading finger.
"Good, then make sure you keep on doing so," said Cathy.
She couldn't POSSIBLY mean what I thought she did, could she? I guess she did. As she left the trailer, and stepped down so that her eye-level was below the table, and she could see clearly where my hands were still between her little girls' legs, I swear she looked back at me and gave a wink, before slamming the door. Cathy COULDN'T have been that blind, could she?
Let alone the smell of fresh cum, that made the trailer smell like a whorehouse. With three kids, Cathy HAD to be familiar with the smell of cum. Didn't she mind?
"We won't be back until 10:00," Cathy's voice drifted back through the window. "I'm taking your mother downtown, so you take good care of the girls, OK?"
"OK," I croaked. I heard her shoes crunch off towards the auction, still in progress. A half hour later, after the
auction, we heard her car pull out, as she and Mother headed for town. I was alone with the three girls.
Since their mother didn't seem to object, and I knew the girls didn't, I finally got up enough nerve to continue where I had left off. Only this time, with no interruptions, or even worries. I eased my fingers back up inside each of the twins, and was relieved when they both responded by wriggling back.
Both twins gave up their pretense of coloring, and let me fondle and stroke them, until Bonnie objected.
"It's not fair," she said, pulling away.
I was disappointed. I had hoped to go on fondling the two little girls for the rest of the night. At least, until their mother got home, anyway.
Betty pulled away as well, completing my disappointment.
"What's not fair?" I asked.
"You get to feel us, but we don't get to feel you," was the reply.
What a horny-teenager's wet-dream THIS was turning out to be! The girls wanted to "feel" my cock, before they would let me continue feeling THEM up. If you think I refused, then you ARE crazy.
"Uh, It's all messy," I stalled. I figured I should clean up the mess in my shorts, before I shocked them.
"You mean you? . . " Asked Betty.
I nodded my head. "Came in my pants. You got me too excited back there."
Neither girl asked me what I meant. I guess they either had sex-education, or their mother had taught them about "The birds and the bees."
"Oooh! I want to see it!" exclaimed Bonnie.
"Me too!" chimed in her twin.
What could I say? I HAD warned them.
I unbuckled my pants, and almost lost it again, as two eager little hands both tried to be first in reaching inside.
"Oooh. It IS all gooey," said Betty.
"Yuck!" said Bonnie, but neither twin tried to remove her hand from inside my shorts. Figuring that fair is fair, from what they said before, I reached down and tried to resume my own sexual explorations.
This time, neither twin objected. They both squirmed down lower, to allow me easier access to their private parts, and also to get their faces closer to where Bonnie had extracted the tip of my cock, that was still dribbling a drop or two of thick sticky goo.
"Ooh. I bet that's the stuff that Momma told us about," said Bonnie.
"It looks yucky," replied Betty. "Momma said it was supposed to taste good."
"No she didn't," corrected her sister, "she said SHE liked the taste of it, but not all girls do. I'm going to taste it."
Before I could say, yes, no, or maybe, the little girl had bent over and taken a lap at the white drool oozing from the head of my prick.
She almost got another big squirt in her face for her trouble.
Betty was more careful. She leaned over and licked up a big glob running down the side, being careful to get it all, and not leave a mess.
"Ick," decided Betty.
Bonnie agreed but, "It isn't all that bad," she replied.
"It isn't all that good either," said her twin, "but you're right. It isn't all that bad. So, you know what we should do now, from what Momma told us."
Both girls looked at each other, and nodded.
I didn't care WHAT they decided, as long as I kept a finger in each tightly squeezing little hole, and they didn't let go of my prick.
Oh yeah? It turned out that I DID care, very much.
The next thing I knew, there was a warm, wet, wonderful SOMETHING surrounding my prick, as Bonnie's head descended, and her sweet little mouth covered the tip. At the same time, I felt a lively little tongue cleaning up the sticky mess in my shorts, as it tickled and stimulated the bottom.
I had almost done it two minutes before. This time I DID do it. I squirted my cum in the little girl's mouth.
Bonnie didn't pull off. In fact, she seemed to suck even harder. When MY frantic pulses started to slow, she poked her twin, and pulled her mouth off. Scarcely a drop escaped, because Betty took over before Bonnie's mouth was more than 6 inches away. Betty didn't just hold her mouth on it, like her sister had. The little girl SUCKED just as hard as she could, stripping every drop from me, until my prick was soft and shriveled up.
I had never had an orgasm like that in my life. Not from my hand. Not even the one time Mark and I had sucked each other off. What an experience.
I collapsed back in the seat, still slowly working my fingers in and out of the two little girls. This time, in more gratitude, than interest on my part, as they both were squirming and tying to get my fingers in deeper.
"What are you guys doing?" asked a little-girl voice.
There was actually little doubt "what we were doing."
"Can I do it too?" continued Jennifer.
At first, I was inclined to say, "NO," but both of the twins seemed to think it wouldn't be fair, to not let their little sister try. Besides:
"I'll tell, if you don't let me," threatened the little 10-year-old.
Now THAT was scary. I wasn't sure what Cathy would do, if she found out I had not only been feeling up her two eldest daughters, but that they had just given me a blow-job. I WAS fairly sure what Mother would do. If nothing else, I would never see this family I was beginning to love so much, ever again. That would be the worst punishment.
Everything else would be minor. The scoldings, the spanking, the shame, the grounding. All that paled beside the thought of losing the chance to see how far these two little girls were willing to go. And their mother was willing to let them. I couldn't afford to take the chance.
Besides, If the little girl really WANTED me to feel her up, then what was I doing staring at her like an idiot for?! The day before, I would have given my years' allowance, just for the chance to feel ANY girl up. Even a 5 or 6 year old. The 10-year-old might not be as sexy as her big sisters, but she wasn't a baby either. I take that back. Jennifer is fully as sexy as either of her two older sisters. Her hips might not be as big, and her titties barely more than slight mounds, compared to the knobs starting to swell on the chests of the twins, but there's more than that to being sexy.
Attitude makes a big difference. Jennifer acted like a little girl who WANTED to be fucked, and believe me, THAT is sexy.
Ten minutes later, I had Jenny's panties on the floor, and I was doing something I had only dreamed about before. I was licking a 10 year old little girl's snatch. It was smooth, and warm, and sexy as all hell.
I couldn't believe how good she tasted. While I licked and sucked, my hands were up under her dress, feeling her budding breasts and body.
The little girl squirmed and moaned, but she didn't try to get away. In fact, she pushed back harder at me, trying to get my tongue up inside her like it was a cock.
I looked over to the right, and saw Betty duplicating my actions with her twin. I guess the two girls thought that if it felt good to Jennifer and me, it would feel good to them. I guess it did.
After about 20 minutes of this, my prick was hard enough to drive nails with, again. I just HAD to squirt my cum INSIDE something warm and wet.
Bonnie looked over from where she had traded places with Betty, as she watched me approach her little sister's tiny little slit with my swollen cock.
"Careful," she said, "she's just a little girl."
No way, was I going to hurt this lovely child, especially after what we had just enjoyed together. I looked my disgust over at Bonnie.
"Sorry," she apologized, but both Bonnie and Betty watched closely as I slid up closer to their little sister, and started rubbing the tip of my cock against the little girl's slit. I was masturbating both of us with my cock.
Jenny's hips continued to rise to meet mine. Bonnie went back to licking her sister, when she saw that I wasn't going to try pushing my swollen prick up inside her sibling.
Each time my cock slipped over the nub of Jenny's clit, the little girl would moan with passion, and a big bubble of clear liquid would bubble out of the tip. I used this slippery liquid to make it easier to slide my prick up and down. The feel of the little girl's hole nibbling at the tip of my prick was too much. I was going to cum.
I slid the tip of my prick down, until it was spreading Jenny's slit, and started rubbing my cock for all it was worth. I knew the little 10-year-old was too small to fit my prick inside her, but that didn't mean I couldn't do the next best thing. I jacked off in the little girl.
Jennifer didn't mind. She seemed to enjoy the feeling of my prick vibrating against her cunny-lips, as I held my thick cock up against her slippery little slit, and worked myself off.
I guess it was the feeling of her tight little hole sucking on the tip, that finally did it. I felt a bulge ripple through the base of my cock, and I pushed forward HARD.
Jenny's cunny lips expanded around my prick, and almost the whole head slipped inside her, and a big squirt of thick sticky cum spat out of my prick, and into the little girl's body where it belonged. I groaned with the release; fighting to keep my prick forced up against the child's tiny slit, while my prostate sent spasm after spasm of thick sticky sperm into the body of the little fourth-grader. It felt so GOOD to let that load go. And for the first time, I was squirting my cum where it belonged: Into the welcoming belly of a woman. . . OK, little girl.
Once they realized I wasn't going to actually fuck their little sister, Bonnie and Betty had relaxed and just watched closely as I pumped their little sister's slit full of thick sticky cum. I think they both envied Jenny for being first, as they almost fought over my prick, once I stopped squirting, and collapsed alongside the pre-teen.
Bonnie was going to lick the cream off my prick, but Betty had other ideas. "Look," she said, pointing to the last bubble of white oozing slowly out of the tip of my semi-erect cock. The 12 year old girl almost shocked me, when she threw a leg over my body, and forced the still cum-oozing semi-erect prick into her barely pubescent vagina.
If I had known that she was going to do THIS, I never would have jacked-off in her little sister! My poor overused prick was getting too limp to do more than dribble a little cum inside her, before getting too limp, and falling out.
Betty grinned anyway. "Thanks Mark," she said.
SHE was thanking ME? I barely managed to groan, "Thank YOU," in return.
"That's not fair!" complained Bonnie, "You both got his cum in you. I wanted to feel it too!"
Betty mutely pointed to where their sister Jennifer was lying. An obscene pool of white sticky liquid was oozing out of her tiny slit, starting to make a mess on the floor. Bonnie got the idea.
I watched in absolute amazement, as the 12 year old girl reached down between her little sister's legs, scooped up a big gob of cum with her finger, and then stuck the cum-covered finger up inside her own tight little crack. Un-fucking-believable! Now all three girls had my seed soaking in their vaginas.
As if to confirm my thoughts, Bonnie giggled. "Now we ALL have a chance to get pregnant," she said.
Oh shit! The thought had never occurred to me.
At my stricken look, Bonnie reassured me. "It's OK, we don't mind," she said.
Well, maybe SHE didn't, but I wondered what her mother would say. For that matter, what would MY mother say? Oh shit, indeed. Oh well, if they weren't worried, it was way too late for me to start getting worried. Besides, I didn't have any birth-control, and no method of getting any. I had heard about "condoms" but had never even seen one, let alone bought any. Besides, we were poor. I couldn't afford any if the girls wanted me to use them.
Thankfully (I thought) none of them seemed to care, or be worried about it. Maybe it was because they were too young. For sure Jenny was. I tried to convince myself about the elder two girls. "Most girls don't get pregnant until they're 14 or 15 years old," I told myself. (Ignoring the fact that most girls don't FUCK until they're 14 or 15 years old.) I lay there trying to catch my breath, while I talked myself into believing this.
It was only when I heard the crunch of gravel outside the door, just before the trailer door swung open, that I realized how much we had lost track of time. It was 10:00.
Cathy took one look inside, and slammed the door shut. I could hear her words through the window, as she intercepted my mother. "I lost a dollar here," she temporized, while the girls and I hurriedly grabbed our clothes and scrambled for the bedroom to make ourselves look decent. "Could you help me find it?"
"What about Mark?" asked my mother, as she tried to help find the missing dollar.
"He's asleep on the couch," replied Cathy, giving me instructions by talking to my mother. I hurriedly wiped up the spill of cum on the floor, then pulled a coat over myself and pretended to sleep. "I think the girls are already in bed as well," she added, bringing a mad scramble, as her daughters tried to bring truth to her words.
"Why don't you leave Mark here for the night?" she continued, "That way you won't have to wake him up, just to put him to bed later. I'll see to it he gets home tomorrow night. he can just stay here, and visit with the girls for a while." When Mother seemed to hesitate, she pushed on, "You DID say you'd like to have a day-off once in a while. Well, I'm volunteering. This is your chance. OK?"
Mother gave in. it wasn't often she got time to herself. Raising a teenager alone, is a full-time chore. I was triply glad. Glad that Mother didn't see the four of us in an obvious orgy. Glad that I could spend more time with the girls. And, I was glad that Mother could have some time to herself, without worrying about me.
It was with enormous relief, that I heard Mother's car pull out, as she headed back to the farm. I suddenly realized I had another reason to be glad. Mother was going to have to milk the goat that night. It normally would have been my job, tired or no. I knew Mother would see to it. She always put the animals first.
Finally the door reopened, and Cathy stepped inside. "It smells like a whorehouse in here, she remarked, but didn't say anything else, except, "You are NOT sleeping on the couch. That is MY bed, no matter WHAT I told your mother. Now go on back there and join the girls. Jennifer's bunk is the upper one, and Bonnie and Betty's is the lower one. I'll see you all in the morning."
I just stood there, staring in amazement, until Cathy turned out the light, and started getting undressed, right in front of me, but in the dark. She didn't seem to mind my watching her getting undressed in the light seeping though the window slats from the big security light outside, until she was completely nude. "Well," she prompted, "don't try to tell me that you prefer ME to those little girls back there. Go on, GIT!"
I couldn't believe it. Cathy seemed to EXPECT me to sleep with her little girls. Not only that, but I got the distinct impression that she wouldn't have turned me down, if I had asked to sleep in HER bed with her! What a family!
I padded down the hallway to the bedroom, and looked in. There was no choice really. The bottom bed was easily big enough for two adults, while the top one was barely big enough for one. "Can I get in?" I asked, after getting undressed. I wasn't sure if I should take my shorts off or not. Then I remembered that Cathy had stripped completely naked; so I assumed that the rest of the family did too.
One of the twins (I'm not sure which) slid out of bed, and then slid in after me. I was immediately sandwiched between two very sexy little girls, and my prick was soon hard as a rock. No way, was I going to get to sleep like that! I didn't have to.
"Oooh, He's hard!" Said a voice behind me, as I felt a soft little hand reach between my legs.
"Tell me about it!" responded the other twin who had my hard-on poking between her legs. "I've just GOT to feel. . . Aaahhh!" We both gave a satisfied sigh, as I suddenly felt a warm slippery vagina slip down over the head of my prick. I was actually fucking for the first time! Bonnie knew it.
By now, I was sure it was Betty I was fucking, while Bonnie was behind me. maybe it was their voices, but after that first time I fucked either of them, I no longer had any difficulty telling them apart. This was strange, because sometimes they could fool their own mother. After that night, they never fooled me again.
"It's not fair," complained Bonnie, "I wanted to fuck him first."
"Finders-Keepers," replied her twin. "Besides, you know Mark will do you next, and probably last longer too."
By this time, I was sliding my prick almost all the way in and out of the girl, and except for a slight wince the first time from Betty, we were both enjoying it so much that I knew she was right.
"Oh shit!" I said, for the third (or was it fourth) time that night, as my prick started pulsing the little girl full of thick sticky cum. "I'd better pull out," I said, trying to do just that, as I remembered the girls' earlier words.
"Don't you DARE!" said Bonnie and Betty in unison. Betty pushed back, and Bonnie pushed me forward, so I had no choice but to squirt every drop of potent sperm right up inside her sister. Oh well, I hadn't really wanted to pull out anyway. I lay there, and just let my seed flow into the welcoming belly of the 12 year old little girl. It felt so GOOD to finally fuck, and squirt my sperm where it belonged.
Four times in one night, was too many. I fell asleep. It must have been about three hours later, that I was awaken by an impatient Bonnie. "Can we do it now?" she pleaded, pulling me over so that my semi-erect cock slipped out of her twin with a slight "pop."
Betty kept on sleeping. I guess that getting fucked for the first time, was as tiring to her, as it had been to me. Bonnie, on the other hand, couldn't sleep, because she was still horny. I rolled Bonnie over, and gave the little girl what she needed: a belly full of baby-juice. This time I got to be on top, the way I had always imagined fucking, when I slid my thick prick up inside the little girl's tight little hole. Let me tell you, 12--year-old girls are VERY tight. I had to work like heck to get my prick inside her. Still, once inside, my prick slid all the way home without more than a slight "ouch" from Bonnie, as her vagina was filled for the first time with throbbing male cock. BOTH girls had been virgins! I hadn't known, or even expected it, the way they had come on to me that night. Still, even if I HAD known, I don't think I would have done anything different. I wasn't sophisticated in such things.
Ten minutes later, Bonnie was groaning with HER first orgasm with a man inside her, just before I lost control and filled HER tiny little womb with my seed. I never wanted to go home.
THIS time, when I went to sleep, both girls went to sleep also. It was 6:00 before we awoke.
I woke up from the weirdest, sexiest, strangest dream I ever had. I guess having real sex for the first time had stimulated my brain. Still, you don't expect to have wet-dreams, when your balls have been drained as thoroughly as mine were the previous night.
Besides, as I said, this was WEIRD. I could figure the source-material, after that incredible scene where I lost my virginity, and dreams are strange anyway, as those of you who've been woken up in the middle of one know.
Still, all my previous dreams, (that I remember) had all been ME. Sometimes I had been doing something strange, like being able to keep from falling (Not really FLYING, but almost as good.) or being in some strange situation, or even, once or twice when I was lucky, dreaming about fucking some impossibly sexy girl. But it had always been me.
This time, I dreamed I was fucking Betty again, just like the night before, and then all of a sudden I was Betty, fucking a strange boy who I hardly knew, but who I knew loved me, and who I loved, and I was holding Mark while he fucked my twin-sister, and encouraged him to give my sister his sperm, so I could feel it going up in my womb; knowing the chance of getting pregnant by someone who loved you this much was more thrilling than scary, while I felt bulges of cum ripple through the base of my prick in such a devastatingly wonderful feeling of ejaculating my sperm into my twin-sister's welcoming body.
All this, was overlaid by a faint feeling of watching it from the outside, as three loving bodies squirmed in the most intimate of embraces, and I felt somehow left out, at the same time I was the center of everything.
Sound confusing? It was. Somehow I was certain that at least ONE part of it was true: These two little girls both loved me just as much as I did them; and they knew it. My life would never be the same, but I knew we would figure out SOME way to make things right together.
From perfect rightness, everything suddenly shifted to being incredibly WRONG. I felt a wave of desolation sweep over me, and I knew I was going to lose the two girls I now loved almost as much as life itself. How could I POSSIBLY live without them; yet how could I force them to stay with me without doing the one thing I would never do: Take them away from the one they loved. I felt a sob catch in my throat, and I knew tears were leaking down my face.
Only it wasn't my sob that I heard. There was a sniffle and a shudder from the upper bunk, and I somehow just KNEW that Jennifer was trying to remain quiet and not disturb her siblings with her misery.
"Ohmigosh, it's Jennifer," said Bonnie, as she put my thought into words. "She thinks she's going to lose us."
Almost as one person, the three of us were out of bed, and I was suddenly holding the naked little 10-year-old in my arms; quieting her shuddering sobs and soothing her with the knowledge that we ALL loved her, and no, I was NOT going to steal her sisters away from her. After all, as Betty pointed out, I loved her too.
It was like a revelation to me, but I knew the little girl was telling the truth. I had only the previous night become barely aware of the fact that I loved both Bonnie and Betty. Somehow the bond with them had been extended to include their little sister.
Perhaps that was the REAL reason it had been the little girl who had been the first one to feel me squirting my sperm inside her vagina, even though she was too small to fuck properly. I knew I could no more hurt the little girl, or bear to see her hurt, than I could enjoy smashing my own thumb with a hammer.
My heart ached with love for all three girls. If I had to break my own heart and leave, so that the three of them could stay together and be happy, then somehow I would bear up under the strain, grit my teeth, and pretend to be happy for them. Even though I knew that the moment I left, all happiness would die for me for the rest of eternity.
I suddenly realized that my thoughts must be just echoes of what Jennifer had decided, and been feeling earlier. Oh what a mess. No wonder Jennifer was feeling miserable.
Only suddenly, I wasn't. "You do?" asked Jennifer, squirming around in my lap to face me. My semi-erect prick rubbing against her bare bottom was ignored by all of us.
"You do!" she squealed, and suddenly I was holding her tight while she shuddered in my arms, and sobbed louder than ever. Only THIS time I knew it was from relief, not desolation.
"Then how come you didn't fuck ME?" she finally asked accusingly. "I love you too! How come only THEY got to have sex, and I didn't?"
Oh shit! I knew I had been getting myself into trouble by initiating sexual contact with underaged girls. It was bad enough that I had "molested" her two sisters. (I've got to say, it sure didn't FEEL like I was "molesting" them. Both twins had been as eager as I was to feel my prick sliding up inside their tight little holes.) In Jennifer's case though, I just didn't dare. I mean, twelve years old is one thing. Ten is quite something else.
I pointed this out to Jennifer. "I didn't want to hurt you," I said. "If I tried putting my thing up inside you, I might hurt you really bad."
"I don't care! It isn't FAIR," said Jennifer, sobbing again in my arms. I'll say this for the little girl. She did NOT do the one thing that might have tempted me: She did not rub her bare little cunny against my prick to get me so sexually excited that I might have tried it anyway. I guess Jennifer didn't want to force me to make love to her. Like me, she wanted her first fuck to be something we both wanted at the same time; just like it had been with her big sisters.
I cuddled the little girl, letting her know that I DID care, and I DID love her, while I wondered just what to do. On the one hand, just the thought of her tight little baby-hole squeezing the sperm out of my prick was enough to give me a raging hard-on. On the other, the very thought of hurting her by even trying, was enough to make it wilt like week-old celery.
"I think you'll hurt her more by NOT fucking her, than you ever would by doing it," the girls' mother observed quietly from the doorway.
I almost jumped out of my shoes; only I didn't have any on. "Uh," I said, brilliantly.Cathy WANTED me to fuck her little girl?
I looked at Bonnie and Cindy. After the previous night, what they said went. I almost felt like I was already married to both of them.
They both nodded. "Well, at least I was wearing the right outfit for the job," I thought wryly. Betty giggled, then looked at me innocently when I stared at her. I saw unexpected glimmers of mirth in the other two girls' eyes, and even a slight smirk on their mother's face.
I knew I was missing something, but I would figure it out later. Families sometimes have ways of communicating that outsiders don't know about. I wondered what private joke I had just reminded them of. Well, I could ask later. For now, there was a more immediate problem.
The "problem" was my prick. For all the sexiness of having a little 10 year old girl squirming on my lap, and knowing the little girl actually WANTED me to put my thick prick up inside her and not only fuck her, but cum in her, and actually TRY to get her pregnant, just like I had done the previous night with her big sisters, I couldn't get it up.
I know that's hard to believe, but it's the truth!
At first, it was the fear of hurting the little girl that wouldn't let me get it up. Only Jennifer kept squirming on my lap, and making it so obvious that she WANTED me inside her, whether it hurt or no, that this reason soon faded.
Only having a limp prick in the first place, brought on the second. . . stage fright. It's one thing to feel a little girl up under the cover of the table. Or even to fuck one little girl semi-privately under the covers at night, while her twin sister encourages you.
It's quite another to try fucking a 10 year old little girl while her two older sisters watch with bright interested eyes, and her own mother is watching every move you make. I just couldn't do it.
I don't know WHAT might have happened, if Cathy hadn't taken pity on me. I don't think her daughters even realized what the problem was, as occasional snickers would cause my prick to wilt each time I barely STARTED to get it up.
"You poor boy," crooned Cathy, distracting me from my embarrassment, where I felt like running home to get away, even if I WAS stark naked. "Help me girls," she said; and that was the last rational thing I remember for the next 20 minutes.

The next thing I knew, Bonnie and Betty were hugging me close, while my mouth was filled with the liveliest little tongue on the face of the earth. Jennifer was kissing me with a skill that far belied her tender age, while three sexy pairs of hands were stroking my refractory prick into life.
Behind me, I felt yet another warm body topped by two warm mounds of flesh, as Cathy cuddled up to me, until I was surrounded by warm willing female flesh. What a wet-dream, for a perennially horny teenaged boy.
Somehow without moving, all five of us were acting like one person to get my body excited enough to penetrate the little girl in front of me.
When my prick first split my cunny-lips, and found myself dry inside, part of me made a quick dash to the bathroom and grabbed the blue and white tube that I knew was in the cabinet.
I snuggled back to join myself in working my fat prick, now lubricated with KY jelly, into my body. Feeling me penetrate myself was a shock, but I knew I didn't want me to stop, so I pushed into the tight slit in front of me even harder.
It HURT! I grit my teeth, to ignore the pain, and thrust myself onto the swollen member even harder. No WAY was I going to stop now! I could feel my two sisters encouraging me to deflower myself, so I did it. There was a squeaking tearing sensation, as my prick slid halfway into the little girl in front of me. Damn, that hurt!
But such a NICE hurt, from someone willing to bear the pain for you, so your first fuck would be enjoyable. I was vaguely aware of my daughter's tiny little hole being obscenely spread by the boy's prick, as I held him close so he didn't cheat my little girl out of her first fuck.
No way were we going to let our lover pull out, until he had squirted every drop of precious seed he had in his prostate up inside my sister's hungry little womb. My tummy ached with the need to feel his sperm up inside me; racing toward my waiting eggs, so our baby would start to grow in her sexy young womb.
The stimulation was too much. I had barely gotten 4 inches of fat prick inside the little girl, when I saw my hips bunch, and knew that Mark was filling our little sister's womb with his seed. To know I was watching my little girl get fucked for the first time, was almost overwhelming.
I spurted and spurted inside me; drinking each thick jet with my tight little cunny, until my balls ached, and I had no more to give.

I knew Jennifer had every last drop of cum I had in me; now soaking into her tight little belly. If it was possible for a 10-year-old to get pregnant, I knew I had just done it. My arms ached, as I slowly relaxed my death-grip on the two girls on either side of me.
The surprising thing was that Betty and Bonnie not only weren't mad at me for fucking their little sister; they seemed to be proud of me for doing such a good job. As for Jennifer, she looked at me with those adoring big blue eyes, and I was lost. Somehow I knew I would never again be able to refuse the little girl anything, while she would never ask me for something I wouldn't have given her anyway. I was truly and wonderfully in love.
The fact that I was in love with THREE little girls, and could get sent to jail for even just touching even one of them didn't worry me in the slightest at that moment. Somehow I knew we would work things out, and no sheriff or social-worker would ever get them to accuse me of "bothering" them.
The only hint of worry I felt, was a slight frown from their mother, as she worried about one of her little girls getting pregnant at such a young age. Even that worry was just a niggle though, as Cathy had us all get dressed and wash up for breakfast.
Washing up was fun. You have no idea how much fun a 15 year old boy can have with three sexy little girls in a 2x2 foot trailer shower. Cathy finally had to stop us, before we ran the water heater dry.
Breakfast (even dressed) was fun too. Even the sexy teasing was fun, as I knew that not one of the girls would turn me down if I was really horny, which I wasn't. Not after a night like that. Somehow I knew that even Cathy would welcome me into her bed if I asked, and we all knew that sometime I would.
I even knew she wouldn't insist on my wearing a condom, if it bothered me, while on my part I WOULD insist on one, since I knew Cathy felt she wasn't ready for more children; wanting to spend her efforts first on these three, then on raising grandchildren with my help.
It's absolutely amazing how much can be communicated with a few smiles, an accepted fanny-rub, and a very few well-chosen words.
Oh my God! It hit me like a lighting bolt.
I've read a LOT of science fiction, not to mention more than my fair share of fantasy. Still you don't really believe in such things until your nose is rubbed in them. But what other explanation did I have?
I looked over at Betty, and she was looking back at me. "He's figured it out," she said.
"I guess NOW we'll really find out," her twin said enigmatically.
Oh shit! I had to be right. Still, I had to test it.
"You're a telepath," I thought at Bonnie.
"No." I heard the faint smirk of an answer in my head, while the little 12-year-old shook her head positively.
"But, but, but," I spluttered out loud this time.
Even though she had heard me, without saying a word, and had responded in my mind. I somehow couldn't doubt her. The voice in my mind had been so positive, that I KNEW she wasn't lying to me.
Here I had thought I had it all figured out. Twins and telepathy went together in all the stories.
"Just think a bit," said Cathy, "you'll figure it out."
Somehow I knew that even though she had picked up my thoughts, it was NOT the girl's mother. If it had been, she would never have been caught by surprise the previous night, and had to make that lame excuse with Mother.
I suddenly grinned to myself. "DUMB!" Who ever said that BOTH twins had to be telepaths in a situation like this. I turned my grin on Betty.
She grinned back at me. "Nope," she said, (I'm not sure at THIS point, if it was out-loud, or not.) "Think about it. If Bonnie and I had been born telepathic, even one of us, then we would have grown up thinking the same thoughts and never even thought of ourselves as a separate person. Right?"
The family had obviously had MUCH more time to think about such things than I had. I turned my unbelieving eyes on the grinning little girl who looked like she was going to jump up and down with happiness.
"He doesn't mind!" she whooped. "He knows, but he's not even scared!" I felt a blast of sheer joy roll over me in waves. I could no more have stopped grinning, than I could have lifted the trailer with my bare hands.
"Oops, sorry," giggled Jennifer, as she toned the wave of joy down to just nirvana. "I got carried away."
Whoa! No WONDER the family lived by themselves in this trailer. A few blasts like that, and everybody would know something strange was going on.
I felt a chuckle from Cathy, and knew she would willingly tell me about a few such incidents, when I had the time, of course.
"Why SHOULD I be scared?" I asked, wondering if there was something I was missing.
Bonnie giggled, then Betty joined her. They were obviously in better shape to explain things than their little sister who just sat there gazing at me with sheer love flowing out of those gorgeous blue eyes.
"It's just that everyone has secrets," she explained. "And most people are scared to death someone might find out," chimed in her sister.
I thought of all the nasty sneaky things I had done in my life. Then I thought of these two cute little girls knowing every nasty dirty thought I had ever had, and loving me anyway. How did I ever deserve this?
Of course, the worst, the nastiest, the dirtiest, and most obscene secret I had at that moment was the fact that I had been fucking a little 10 year old girl right in front of her two 12 year old sisters, while their mother watched and encouraged me. Compared to THAT, everything else was small potatoes. If I ever got caught. . . I shuddered.
The whole family shuddered with me. "You won't," assured Bonnie, putting her warm little hand on mine. Somehow, I felt it would be worth it even if I did, to win her love. To have not just one little girl like me, but THREE of them, was so pleasant I knew that someday it would be painful. Somehow I would manage though.
If I had only known just HOW painful it would get, I might not have been so sure.

It's absolutely amazing how convincing five people can be when they all work together. Cathy met my mother that afternoon, when she came back to pick me up. Even knowing what she was trying to do, I was scared to death. Still, Cathy almost radiated an aura of confidence. I finally gave in, because her way was the only one that could possibly lead to what would be an acceptable solution for all of us.
Me going home that night alone, was NOT one of the acceptable solutions.
Barely acceptable, was one of the girls going home with me to "visit."
And of course, we couldn't have Mother dashing off to the police either.
I listened to the crunching of the gravel in the driveway, and looked expectantly at Jennifer.
The little girl shook her head. Either her range was severely limited, (A likely proposition, or she'd go insane.) or the trailer shell kept her from getting more than hints of what was going on outside. Maybe metal stops it.
Whatever. In any case, I got a better idea of what was going on by listening through the louvers of the window, than the girls picked up from their mother.

"your boy."
"I'm not quite sure what to do."
"Uhuh."
"Yes I'm sure."
"He was in bed, fucking Bonnie, and I'm fairly sure he fucked her sister too."
. . .
"Possibly."
"Can you be sure?"
"No, I DON'T want to call the police. Do you?"
". . will happen if. . with lights flashing and. . . then they'll. . . "
"Uhuh."

the voices got louder now, but I could still only hear Cathy's clearly. I think she was deliberately speaking loudly for our sake.

"No, they aren't hurt. In fact, they're all scared to death you're going to punish Mark, and keep insisting it was all their idea."
"Yeah, I know. He's 15, and they're only 12."
"Well, if you do, my little girls are going to take it awful hard."
"Uhuh."
"No, I don't want my girls growing up with the idea that sex is dirty or nasty, and you get punished if you do it. My parents treated me that way, and look at me now. Alone with three girls, just because I didn't know the proper way to relate to men. NOW I do, but it's too late. Who wants a 30 year old woman with three almost teenage kids?"
"Well, besides them." <chuckle>
<crunch> <Crunch!>
"Now remember, you promised!"

"Yes I did," my mother's voice was grim. "Still, I have to see for myself, don't I?" Then a note of humor crept into her voice. "After all, you might have my 'poor innocent little boy' tied up in there, so I've got to see for myself he's OK."
This brought a REAL chuckle from Cathy.

Moments later, the door opened, and our parents walked in.
Betty, Jennifer, Bonnie and I were all huddled together in a corner, with all three of the girls hanging onto me, as if they were scared to let me go. A black pall of fear hovered over us, as we all looked simply terrified of whatever punishment Mother was going to inflict on me, and the girls looked scared to death that I was going to be taken away.
Some of the fear was actually real, as I knew Mother was NOT happy about me "molesting" the three little girls. Still. . .
"See what I mean," said Cathy. "If you haul him away screaming. . ."
"I see," interrupted Mother, somewhat grimly. "You're right. Still, I'm going to have a few choice words for my son, when this blows over in a week or so." Mother talked as if I wasn't even there. My heart ached for her. Mother tried so HARD.
Still, we didn't DARE tell her the whole truth about Jennifer and the twins, did we?
"OK," said Mother to Cathy, "One week. Then we'll see how it goes from there. Fair enough?"
"Fair enough. And thank you for not going overboard."
"You're welcome. . . For what it's worth." Here Mother finally acknowledged my presence in the room. "YOU," she said emphatically, "will do whatever Cathy here tells you too, or you come straight home. Do you hear me?"
I nodded, not trusting myself to speak. A wave of gratitude swept through the small trailer.
Mother let herself out the door, still glowering, but there was something strange about her attitude. Just before she closed the door, I wondered if we had been so smart, as Mother left me with a remark that made me think maybe we should have told her the whole truth after all.
"This place may be your 'prison' for the next week or so," she said, just before closing the door, "but I can see you won't be needing a 'Bop-McGilvie' to fake your way out with, as you've got three of the real things right there."
Oh shit! My jaw gaped; almost hanging down to the floor, as I watched Mother march out to the car and roar off in a cloud of dust. Mother COULDN'T know, could she? If she did, then she must be aching with envy for me. Mother has waited so LONG!
I looked over at Jennifer. If Mother knew, then we would HAVE to call her back and explain everything to her.

"No," said Jennifer quietly, "she just suspects. What, she's not sure of."
"You're STILL going to have to tell her though," observed Cathy.
I nodded. Still, we had a week to figure out just how and how much we were going to tell Mother. In the meantime. . .
"In the meantime," said Cathy with a grin, "it's been HOURS since breakfast, and I see three little girls here, who need to eat." <big pause> "Or, is that need to be eaten?" she finished up.
This brought on a barrage of pillows from the couch, but surprisingly, not one hit her. Strange. Mother was going to be thrilled.
Well, Mother turned out to NOT be the problem.
I should have foreseen it. Heck, we ALL should have foreseen it. Still, I just don't know what to do. That's why I've been writing this story. SOMEBODY out there must have more imagination than I have, and have a suggestion to help us out. Please? My heart is breaking.
No, it isn't jealousy, or even sex.
It's been unbelievably wonderful here. Most of the time I sleep with Bonnie and Betty, but sometimes Jennifer and I manage to get together for a night. In any case, while it's never been like that first incredible experience when I took Jennifer's virginity, I always know the other girls are there with me, cheering me on, whenever I fuck any of them.
A few times, it's been a little confusing; sleeping with Bonnie and Betty, as to just which one of the three of us I am. The one giving, receiving or just helping. In any case, I usually manage to squirt my sperm in each of the three girls at least twice a day. Sometimes even oftener.
No, we never take any precautions, as Jennifer is too young to get pregnant, and Betty and Bonnie refuse to let their little sister do more for me than they do, by letting me squirt my seed in their unprotected young wombs, and have me TRY to get them pregnant, just like their little sister is trying.
Yes, I sometimes even screw Cathy, as all three girls insist that I don't leave their mother out. Now that she knows her little girls are getting fucked regularly, it would be almost torture for the older woman to listen to the bed squeaking every night, as the man she loves, makes love to her three little girls.
Yes, Cathy loves me, and I love her too.
Not in the same way, or with the same intensity as I do her little girls, but I could not be happy, if she was miserable either. So, with the girls' insistence, I climbed into their mother's bed one night after slipping on one of the condoms she kept in the dresser. She didn't insist I wear it, but knowing how she felt, I couldn't NOT wear it.
Cathy may not be as tight and sexy as her little girls, but she knows ways of lovemaking that they will still be learning years from now.
After that first time, we all made it a point to see that Cathy gets her share at least two or three times a week. With Jennifer's help, even I can feel when the tension is building up inside her, so I know when to stop by her end of the trailer at night. What more could a horny teenager want than this?
Well, more sense, for one thing. I should have seen it coming.

Oh, no it's not Mother.
Mother was friends with Cathy before she found out about me and her daughters, and she isn't about to let our relationship spoil her friendship. Besides, Mother is surreptitiously studying Jennifer, to see if she can either figure out how the little girl does it, or if any of it can be taught.
Sometimes Jennifer complains that it's like SHE was the one whose mind was wide open for Mother to see, instead of the other way around.
Bonnie grins at this, and says, "Serves her right."
No, Mother isn't the problem. Once we got things straight, she gets along fine with all three girls. I suppose I'll just have to come right out and tell you, won't I?

OK! The problem is: BOTH girls are pregnant. Cathy says she'll give me permission to marry one of them, but which one? I love them both. The thought of leaving EITHER of the two girls to bear my child alone, is heartbreaking. I can't honestly say I love one, and not the other. Besides, they both love each other too. If I marry one, then I will be breaking them apart. I don't know what to do!

At least Jennifer is too young to get pregnant yet. If she turned those big blue eyes on me, begging me not to leave her alone with my baby, I'd probably break down and cry.
Does ANYBODY out there have any ideas? I'm open to just about anything.



Shit! This morning, Jennifer started throwing up in the bathroom. HELP!!!

Addendum
It's now been almost a year since I first posted that story/request, and I want to thank ALL of those people who responded.

Yes, even those people who called me a "sick pervert" for even thinking of writing such a stupidly wild-ass story.
Yes, even the guy who threatened to find me, and "cut off my balls to teach me a lesson." Even he helped in his own way.
The posts like that, and a few others woke me up to the fact that some people out there really feel they are "protecting" children by trying to destroy people like me. For some reason, in their zeal to "protect" people like Bonnie, Betty, and Jennifer, they never seem to realize the trauma they would cause, if the bad things they imagine happening to me, really did.
Several times, since reading those letters, I've woken up in the middle of the night, as one of the girls (usually Jennifer) was having a nightmare about having me forcefully taken away from them by screaming police and angry social-workers. As for what they would do to Cathy, for LETTING me stay with her little girls. . . <Shudder.>
So, why would I thank someone like you?
For showing me that you are sincere. You really DO think you would be doing the right thing, by breaking us up, and punishing me. KNOWING this, everyone in the family is now FAR more cautious than we were back when I first posted that story.
So, thanks first for caring, even if your worries about the children are misdirected. Thanks secondly, for warning us about people like you. If not for your threats, we might have become careless in our love for each other, and let it show in public, where we might have been caught.
Thanks also, to those of you who sent in so many (mostly illegal) suggestions about how I could "use" Jennifer to steal, abscond, blackmail, and otherwise extract money from people, against their will.
Thank you, but no thanks. When someone else knows what you are thinking, it's hard to fool yourself into thinking it's right to get rich by hurting others. We meet too many people like that all the time.
Thanks also, to all those people who want to have me, Jennifer, or the whole family, help THEM with their get-rich-quick schemes.
Again, thanks, but no thanks.

Next, I want to thank those of you, (by FAR the majority,) who sent in sincere offers of help or assistance. Especially, the two lawyers who volunteered their free legal services. I'm sorry that we just don't DARE take any of you up on them. We just can't take the chance on ANYONE knowing who we really are. You see, we can't trust anyone.
If you're wondering, "Why not? You have a telepath there to check out people." the answer is that Jenny is NOT the kind of telepath you read about in books.
She helps US share our minds with her, and can only do this with those she trusts completely; having been hurt once when almost a baby, by opening herself to someone who hurt her. That's why Cathy lived alone in the trailer, in a trailer-court with only one occupant.
That's ALSO, why Cathy never said a word, that first time when she caught me with my hands in her little girls' panties. She didn't DARE. Since the girls obviously liked me, and trusted me, it would have been a trauma that would have been almost impossible to heal between her and her daughters.
(Mother says Jennifer isn't a true telepath anyway; she doesn't "read minds" she just helps us share our emotions and experiences. Mother proved it by having me try to read a newspaper to one of the girls, without speaking. She was only able to get a feel for the type of story I was reading, and the emotions I attached to that. Mother calls Jennifer a "projective shared empath" not a telepath. Picky Picky. To ME she's a telepath.)
Anyway, Jennifer's range is very limited too; barely reaching across half the room, unless there's one of us between her and the other.
(In an experiment, proposed by Mother, we once formed a chain from the front of the trailer all the way to the back, and remained in communication. . . All of 15 feet.)
So you see, MOST of those suggestions wouldn't work anyway.
Thanks for trying to help. A FEW suggestions even had some merit, and we are working on some of them. Again thanks.

Finally, a heartfelt thanks to the two of you who pointed out that the solution to my main problem was staring me right in the face. I guess I was just too close to things to see it.
The whole family can't thank you enough.

By the time you people read this last note, the whole family will be long gone from here, so don't bother sending any responses this time. I might check back in 6 months to a year or so on this BBS, to check my mail, and I might not. Mike has promised to hold it for a year anyway, so if you do send any, I might sometime see it. But maybe not.
By next month, the whole family should be comfortably settled into our new home on a "farm" out in some western state. (No, I am NOT going to be more specific about which one.) Our family won't look TOO unusual, in this day and age of promiscuous young girls anyway, as my wife Cathy and I settle down near a town that makes a point of not being nosy. (Unlike a LOT of small towns.)
An older/younger couple, isn't as unusual as you might think, and the fact that I was willing to adopt her slutty little girls who had gone out and gotten themselves knocked up by a stranger who lived in one of the nearby trailers, and them moved away before they found out he was tapping the little girls, just made people sympathize with me; instead of stringing me from the nearest tree, like some of them might have wanted to if they knew the truth. When Cathy and I "adopted" their babies, I got even more sympathy.
All of us hated to lie, but once we decided to do this, it's just amazing how convincing we can be. <Smirk.>
I've gotten a job flipping burgers at the local "Burger-Hut". Mother is working; cleaning down at the local hospital, and even Cathy is working as a nurse-assistant, now that the older girls are able to take care of the babies and their little sister as well. With THAT, and Cathy's income from the trust- fund, we pool all our finances and aren't too bad off now. It sure beats welfare.
In about a year or so, a couple of those ideas suggested by friends might start paying off, and we'll be able to afford more children. For now, all three of the girls are on the pill. <Sigh.>
Oh yes, the children. Three healthy babies. Two boys (by guess who) and another girl. The twins BOTH wanted me to name their babies after me, but I wouldn't have it. In the first place, it would have been making it a little obvious who the REAL father was. In the second, it wouldn't have been fair to the other twin. So, instead of Mike and Mark, we have David and Brian. Two of the cutest little boys you ever did see.
Of course, Jennifer had to top her two big sisters, by having the only girl. Cynthia Ann Marie (Cindy) is the apple of her daddy's eye. Her big blue eyes match her mother's; and like her mother they just make me melt, when I look into them. Even the rest of the family is captivated by her charms.
We found out one reason why the other day, when four people at once came running with bottles, because I was HUNGRY!
Mother couldn't stop giggling for two hours.
I guess it IS a good thing we're going to be living out there so far from everybody. By now, we all know the tales by heart that Cathy tells, about the first few times with Jennifer, before she became aware of what was really going on. God, I love my family!

So again, thanks for all the help. Maybe in a year or two I'll write another note telling all those people out there who have expressed so much interest and appreciation, just how things are going. If I dare. If not, then I want you all to know that we DO care, and we appreciate all your concern.
Good bye, and God Bless, for now.

Mark.

