Archive-name: 3plus/twobetr.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: 2 is Better than 1 4 Fun


               When I first got my own apartment I was stuck.  The
          apartment that I was getting was going to be occupied for
          two weeks after my first day on the job.  I was in a real
          bind so I asked my parents if they knew anyone in Atlanta
          that I could stay with.  They told me that they knew a
          couple that had a daughter named Sharon that lived in
          Atlanta that would probably put me up for the two weeks that
          I needed.  When I first got off of the bus Sharon was there
          to meet me with her roomate Dawn.  I hadn't seen Sharon in
          years.  In fact the last time I saw her was when she was 13.
          When she was that old no one was really attracted to her,
          but now she was a knockout!
               She was a tall and slender red head and was wearing a
          bikini top and a spandex miniskirt.  Her bare legs were
          perfect and I could see that she had very well formed breasts.
          I walked up to her and told her who I was and I saw her nipples
          harden as soon as she began to look over my thick chest and
          arms (I work out almost religiously).  She told me that her
          roomate was waiting back at her apartment and we got in her
          small car.
               It was a little cramped with my suitcase, but it
          we made it work.  I was admiring her smooth legs work the
          pedals as we drove down the freeway.  Damn she had a fine
          ass too!  I wondered if I would be able to seduce her once
          or twice during my visit.
               When we finally got to her apartment I hauled my
          suitcase out of the car while I watched her run to get the
          elevator.  I wanted her really bad.  We barely fit into the
          cramped elevator, but I didn't mind.  Her soft body was
          pressed close to mine all the way up a glorious ten floors.
          I thought about what it would be like to snuggle with this
          incredibly sexy woman.  Little did I now about what would
          happen very soon.  We walked down the hall and when we got
          to her door she searched her purse for the key.  "Shit," she
          said, "I can't find my key."  She rang the doorbell and
          waited impatiently for her roomate to open the door.  The
          door open and there she was, the second most beautiful woman
          I had ever seen.  The blonde had a towel on her head and another
          one that hung loosely around her huge breasts and barely
          covered her ass.
               "Hi, I am Sharon's roomate Crystal, come on in.  Sorry
          about it taking so long, I was just getting out of the tub."
               "No problem," I said, "Where do I put my stuff?"
               Sharon said, "Just take them into the other room and
          we'll deal with them later.  I want to talk with you.  The
          last time we met was 7 years ago!"
               I put my stuff down and checked out the place.  It was
          only a two room place with a single bathroom.  The bedroom
          had only one large bed and I wondered if I'd be sleeping
          with these two girls.  I walked into the bathroom to put
          away my toothbrush and found a vibrator just laying there on the
          sink!  I checked to see if anyone was coming and then licked
          it to taste the pussy juice.  Crystal had obviously just been
          using this!  I could tell that this would be a fun two weeks
               Well, we sat around talking in the kitchen/eating room
          and it was pretty boring stuff.  The standard pleasentries
          were exchanges and then Crystal went back to the bedroom to change.
          Minutes later she walked out of the bedroom
          wearing black stockings with garters, black silk panties and
          bra, and nothing else!  She asked Crystal about the wearabouts 
          of some article of clothing or another but I
          didn't notice, I was to busy looking her over!  She left the
          room to finish getting dressed and Sharon resumed talking,
          "She's such a flirt, sometimes I think that she would screw
          anything that moves (my heart leaped at the thought).  Well,
          will you be joining us for dinner tonight?"
               "I really don't have any plans, if you don't mind me
          tagging along, where are you going?"
               "Nowhere special, we were just going out to a fast food
          joint, and rent some movies."
               It sounded fairly innocent, but Crystal emerged from
          the bedroom wearing a black leather mini skirt, a very short
          miniskirt, and a thin blouse, and I wondered if it would be
          that innocent.  Sharon went in to change and Crystal started
          coming on to me as soon as Sharon was gone. She sat on my
          lap and began to caress my shoulders.  "Sharon will be in
          there for about fifteen minutes, wanna have a little fun?"
          I responded by bringing her head close to mine and giving
          here a french kiss.  Our tongues probed each other's mouths
          and I slid one hand into her blouse.  I undid her bra and
          felt her nipples harden at my touch.  I massaged them slowly
          and she let out a very quite moan.  Suddenly realizing that
          Sharon might hear we pulled away from each other.  Sharon
          came out and we went to eat.
               The meal passed with little trouble and we went to rent
          the movie.  When we got to the movie store, I was suprised
          to find that they rented a porno!  The first one was a playmate
          video but the other one was about a married couple and another
          woman having sex together!
               "You don't have a problem with our choice of film, do
          you?" inquired Sharon.
               "No, I don't"
               "Good, I hoped that you wouldn't."
               We went back to the apartment and went into the bedroom
          where the VCR was.  We watched the tape and all three of us admired
          the beautifully formed bodies slide in and out of the clothing.
          Sharon started to pull off her halter top and I gazed at her
          small pointy nipples.  "Do you think that they are as good as the
          ones in the video?" she wondered aloud.
               "Yes, they are better, because they are right here!" I said
          and took one of them into my mouth.  Crystal came over and
          enveloped the other breast between her louscious lips.
          Sharon began to moan and I lifted my head to give her a passionate
          kiss.  She slide off her skirt and Crystal and I pulled off her
          panties.  I planted my face into her mound of red hair and sucked
          and licked her pussy lips.  Crystal took off her shirt and bra
          and then stood up and removed her skirt.  She undid her
          garters and took off her panties and then refasted them.
          She got on top of Sharon and I moved my head out of the way.
          I moved my head to watch their pussies grind together.  Then I
          Pulled their legs apart and nuzzled two gapping pussies at once!
          First I would work on one and when she was about to cum I would
          work on the other one.  Finally they couldn't take it any more
          and they begged for release from this fit of passion.  I removed
          my head and after short protests from the girls I told them to
          69.  I lay next to them as they sucked each other to orgasm after
          orgasm.  By then the video tape had finished and I went into the
          bathroom and got the dildo, then I looked under the sink and found
          several other sexual devices.  I found another vibrator, this time
          sculpted to look just like a real dick, a double ended dildo, a
          bottle of lotion, ribbed condoms, and some lubricant.  I took these
          out of the bathroom with me and went back to the bedroom where the
          girls were just finishing climbing off of each other.  "So, you
          found our toys.  Do you want to play?" Crystal asked.
               "I think that we can find use for these toys," I said.
          Crystal was still wearing her gatered stockings and fucking a
          girl with those on was one of my biggest fantasies.  I decided
          that I wanted to live it out tonight.  Sharon put the other tape
          in and started it up.  "Let's imitate the sexual positions that
          we see on the tape!  I bet that we'll find some really fun stuff
          to do."
               Crystal and I both agree that that was a good idea.  The movie
          was going a little slow and my dick was itching for a good piece of
          cunt, so I fast forwarded it to one of the good parts.  This had
          the two girls sixty-nining and I was really disappointed.  The
          guy was rubbing lotion all over them.  I got out the lotion and
          Sharon and Crystal got on each other.  "Wait," Sharon said, "who
          will play the wife and who will play the mistress?"
               "Crystal looks like the wife so you will be the mistress."
               "Good, being the mistress makes me feel sexy!"
               Soon the slurping and sucking sounds of the girls tasting
          each other got pretty loud and I was getting a little bored of
          rubbing lotion on their backs and sides and bits of tit that were
          sticking out, but I was in luck, in the movie the mistress was on
          top and the man went around to face her ass.  He kissed his wife
          while his wife was eating out his other woman and then he planted
          his cock into the other womans cunt, doggystyle.  The most
          suprising thing was that the wife kept licking away!  I manuevered
          around the pile of orgasmic flesh and pulled apart Sharons pussy
          lips.  I rubbed my head to get her juices all over my head.  She
          suddenly came from Crystal's and my teasings and I slowly pushed
          my now enourmous cock into her tight little snatch, aided by her
          extra juices.  On the first thrust my cock only went in three of
          it's magnificent nine inches.  I pulled out and prepared for
          re-entry.  I pressed slowly in and my dick sank in another three
          inches.  Sharon squeeled in delight.  I pulled out another time
          and shoved my dick in really hard.  I felt her vagina widen to
          accomidate me.  I slowly pumped her cunt in time with her moans.
          I began to fuck her sex box faster and harder.  She came again
          and I thrust my dick home one final time and emptied my load.
          Our combined juices flowed from her cunt into Crystal's gaping
          mouth.  I sat back and watch the girls have fun with themselves
          and cum a few more times.  By now the sex scene had stopped and
          we needed a rest.  We watched the remainder of the movie and
          kissed and did some heavy petting.
               Another hot scene came along and we paused the movie to get
          ready.  The girls got out the double ended dildo and I took a
          pill to give me a hard on.  We played the movie and the stars
          were riding the dildo together.  I didn't need the pill, because
          this sight got me going so much that I got really hard anyway.
          Their pelvises were grinding together and they were french
          kissing and squeezing each other's tits.  Soon the guy in the
          movie was wacking off onto the girls.  I started spanking it
          right there.  Soon I exploded all over them.  My fat wads of
          cum drenched their bodies and they rubbed into each other's
          skin like it was sun tan lotion.  I couldn't contain my self!
          Soon we were all on the bed together and licking our combined
          juices off of each other.  "Fuck the movie!" I said, "I want you
          Crystal."
               "Good," she said, "I have want to feel your rod pumping me
          ever since I first saw you.  But I want to be on top."
               I had no problem with that so I lay down on the bed.  My dick
          had gotten limp, so Sharon started sucking it.  Soon my dick was
          back to it's biggest size and Crystal prepared to mount me.  She
          started to remove her black stockings.  "No," I shouted, "leave
          them on, I want to feel the nylon rubbing my legs while I watch
          you ride me and Sharon masturbate."
               Crystal thought that it was a pretty sexy idea, so Crystal
          and I cleaned all of the sex juices from the vibrator and gave
          it to Sharon.  Crystal stood over me and positioned herself to
          go down on me.  She open her legs to reveal her swollen pussy
          lips.  She spread them and put my head in between them.  She
          slowly lowered herself until it wouldn't go in anymore.
          Then she'd rise up until I thought that she would let go
          of my tool, but then she'd start he desent anew.  I
          watched, amazed, as my dick sank further and further
          into her cavern of joy.  Finally she was seated on me and
          my cock was firmly implanted into her love hole.  She
          paused to let her vaginal muscles take a hold of my dick
          and gave Sharon the signal to get going.  Sharon started
          running the vibrator in and out of her cunt with and almost
          uneartly fervor.  She screamed and moaned for release and
          Crystal started to ride me.  She'd lift up with her legs
          and then go down, all very slowly and gripping my rock
          hard cock with her pussy muscle the whole time.
          It was incredible.  I couldn't believe that both of
          these really hot women were using me as their sex toy.
          I was elated.  I rubbed Crystal's thighs and felt were the
          nylons ended with their tight elastic edges and then her
          soft flesh began.  My hands ran up to her hot snatch.  I
          began to rub her clit and noticed that this greatly
          increased her pleasure by the look on her face and her
          cries for more.  Both of the girls were shaking and screaming
          in their approaches to orgasm.  Finally they let out a final
          primordial yell and fell limp.  Crystal was lying still on
          my chest and I pulled her close to me and rolled over.  I
          kissed her softly and left her there to rest.  Sharon wiggled
          her finger at me, motioning for my to come close.  She
          wispered for me to get on her to fuck missionary style.
          I climbed between her open legs and got ready to screw I until
          we both came.  I massaged her breasts and kissed here deeply.
          I slid my dick into her waiting sex box.  I pushed in and
          pulled out slowly and easily and she arched her back in
          response.  My first slow fuck of the night went on and
          Sharon sighed in delight.  I kissed her and nibble on her
          ear, neck and breasts and wispered romantic suggestions
          into her ear.  I stood up while she lay back on the bed and
          grasped her legs right below the knees.  I pulled them up to
          make upsidown V's and rocked my pelvis to run my phallus in
          and out of her pussy.Softly, silently, she came and her body shook
          from the pleasure, still waiting for myself to cum, I increased
          the power of my thrusts to give her multiple orgasms and bring
          on my own.  Soon I felt a great pressure building inside of me.
          I knew that I was going to cum gobs and gobs of hot wet semen
          soon.  I came close to Crystal's ear and slowed my thrusts.
               "Why are you slowing down?" she whispered.
               "I am ready to cum, do you want it in your cunt or
          somewhere else?" I asked.
               "I want you to cum inside of me, I want to feel your
          waves of pleasure filling me with your love cream, I want to
          fill me and then eat me out, then kiss me so we can both taste
          our juices."
               Hey, sounded good to me.  I suddenly increased my tempo and
          the pressure from my insides welled up, I exploded inside of the
          most beautiful, sexy woman that I had the occasion to meet.  I
          stopped pumping my lover and waited to calm ourselves.  I felt my
          dick still erect within her body and brought it out to suck on
          while I cleaned her pussy.  Sharon finished cleaning off my dick
          and let it fall loosely from her mouth.  I took this as my cue and
          took a mouthful of pussy juice and cum.  I pressed her lips to mine
          and parted them with my tongue.  Our tongue touched and tasted the
          flavors of our mouths and sex organs.  We both swallowed the
          results of our love and collapsed, holding each other in sweet
          ecstacy.
               We slept the night away and in the morning we all went to
          work.

-- 
