Copyright © 1998,    Bad Michel.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.









"Tyler 2"

by Bad Michel




 This story is about a true sexual experince that occurred approximately three years ago. It involved a fourteen-year-old former student of mine.  A little about me.  My name is Michelle, I am twenty-six, 5'6", 115 pounds, brown hair, blue eys, slim, long legs, and attractive. I am an eighth grade teacher at a middle school in a fairly large city.  



At the time of this experience, I was living with my fiance, Michael.  We had been together about two years, and he knew about my earlier sexual experience with Tyler.  A little about Tyler:  Tyler had been a student of mine at a pre-school.  Tyler turned twelve and was no longer able to remain a student there because twelve was the cut off age.  Tyler was a student there during the summer, and our school was also used as a drop-off for those students who needed a place to stay after school until a parent returned home from work.



 I was heading home from class and was close to home when I thought I saw Tyler walking.  I kept going, but continued to wonder whether it was him or not.  Curiousity got the better of me, so I turned around and headed back.  As I got closer, I noticed it was Tyler.



 I was so excited about seeing him.  I stopped my car and sounded the horn.  Tyler looked over and, on seeing me, smiled broadly.  Tyler ran across the street and came to my door.  Tyler was cuter than ever.  He was wearing baggy blue jeans, long sleeved white shirt, and Dr. Martens shoes, and he had his cap on backwards....he was simply handsome.  Tyler had grown a couple of inches and was even more muscular.  His blue eyes and tanned face made him look like an adonis.



   We said our hellos and had small chat for a while.  I learned that he had just had his fourteenth birthday, that he was on the J.V. football team, that he had a couple of girlfriends, and was doing ok in school.  I asked him if he wanted a ride home and he was all too eager.  Tyler jumped in and off we went.



 I had planned on going shopping, but decided I wanted to spend some time with Tyler. I asked Tyler if he needed to go home right away and he said, No.  We drove around for awhile chatting about all kinds of things, but never brought up the time we spent together in the playground.



 I had decided that I wanted to play out my fantasy.  I wanted to seduce this handsome boy, and I wanted to do it then.  I pretended I needed to get something at home and asked if he would mind stopping by my place.  Tyler thought nothing of it and said he would not mind.



 I got to my place and we went inside.  I invited Tyler into the kitchen and handed him a can of Coke and took a wine cooler for myself.  Tyler laughed and said that he wanted a wine cooler instead of the Coke.  I joked around, telling him that I did not want to see him get drunk and pass out, and he swore that he could handle his liquor.  I told him to grab the wine cooler then and he did.



 I told him I needed to change, and headed for the bedroom.  The bedroom is off the kitchen, and from an angle, you can see directly into the bedroom.  I started to undress, and yelled out to him that if he wanted something to eat, to help himself.  I kept looking over towards the door and could see that he was peeping over.



 I decided to give him a little show.  I slowly unbuttoned my blouse and left it wide open.


I walked around the room.  I unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor.  I was now walking around in my undies and shirt, which was wide open.  I glanced over and could tell I then had Tyler's full attention.



 I kept yelling out to him and walked around the room making believe I was doing things.  I walked over to the dresser and pulled out a pair of jeans and a shirt.  I turned around to see if Tyler was still looking, and found him at the doorway.  I was now a little surprised  but, very excited as here Tyler was in my bedroom.



 I stood there and just stared at him.  I am not sure what I was feeling at that moment, but I knew I wanted him to fuck me.  I looked right in his eyes and let the blouse fall off my body.  I was now standing in front of him, clad only in my panties.  Tyler walked over to me and he immediately grabbed me.  



 I fell into his body and he held me close.  I kissed his mouth and soon our tongues were darting around.  His mouth was warm and tasted boyish.  We kissed feversihly, and I could feel his hands rubbing my breasts.  I grabbed his shirt and pulled it off him.  I wanted to taste that cock again so I unbuttoned his jeans, unzipped him, and took off his jeans.



 Tyler was standing there in his underwear that had pitched a tent.  I dropped to my knees and in a second had his manhood in my mouth.  I licked and sucked for all I was worth.  His cock was delicious, and I wanted him to gag me with it.  I took his ball in my mouth  and washed them with my tongue.  Tyler then took hold of my head and was fucking my mouth.  He held onto the back of my head and slammed his cock in and out like a piston.



 I knew he would not last much longer so I stopped sucking him.  I licked his thighs and spun him around.  I licked the back of his thighs and nibbled and licked his tight, young ass.  His ass cheeks were so muscular.  I licked him all over and turned him around and sucked him again.  I could tell Tyler needed release because he held onto the back of my head and would not let go.  He continued sliding his cock in and out of my mouth and then came.  Tyler came so much, I had trouble swallowing all off him, but I did not lose a drop.  



 I then stood up and laid him down.  I kissed him from his feet to his head.  Tyler's body was extremely muscular.  I kissed his neck and ears and had him moaning like crazy.  I then kneeled over him and let him suck my breasts,  He licked, bit, squeezed, and felt them like he was kneading dough.  My nipples were now long and hard.  



 Tyler looked up at me and with a grin on his face asked if he could give me a hickey.  I laughed and knew I could not say no with that cute face looking at me.  I told him he could do whatever he wanted.  He immediately started sucking in deeply, planting hickeys all over my tits.  



 I looked down and saw red marks and Tyler smiling like he had just marked his territory.  I wanted him to lick my clean shaven pussy.  I moved up on his chest and placed my pussy over his face.  Tyler reached up, grabbed my panties, and ripped them off.  Tyler then threw the shredded panties towards his jeans.  He then grabbed myass and moved his head up and started licking.  I wanted to die from pleasure as his tongue felt so good.  I rocked all over his face.  I looked down and saw my juices running all over his face.  Tyler was in heaven, and so was I.  



 I felt an orgasm building, but wanted him in my mouth when I came.  I turned over and got into a 69 position with my fourteen-year-old lover.  His cock was already hard again and I took him in my mouth.  Tyler was then exploring me with a few of his fingers.  He was roughly shoving his fingers inside of me and, although it hurt, I felt pleasure just the same.   I then came and flooded his mouth and fingers with my juices.  



 I rolled off him and straddled his thighs.  I looked into his eyes and asked him what he wanted to do now.  I knew he wanted to fuck me, but I wanted him to say it.  He looked at me and shyly asked if we could do it.  I told him he would have to do better than that, and he looked puzzled and then asked if he could screw me.  I knew what I wanted him to say and I would not let him do anything until he said it.  I looked at him with my most 
sexy look and he then said, I want to fuck you!!



 With that being said, I grabbed hold of his cock, lined it up with my pussy, and sat forcefully on his cock.  He felt wonderful inside if me, and I could see the wide smile on Tyler.  He was now fucking his teacher, and knew she was loving it.



 Tyler thrust his hips in the air pounded into my pussy.  I rocked up and down on his manhood, dripping juices all over his cock, his balls, and the bedsheets.  I was flooding the bed,  I was dripping so much.  Tyler then flipped me over and put me on my back.  He then grabbed my legs and put them up un the air.  



 Tyler then entered me fiercely, pounding away.  He was groaning like an animal, and I was loving it.  Tyler was slamming my hole, and I felt another orgasm coming.  I grabbed his ass and pushed him deeper into me.  I came explosively, drenching my ass and bedsheets.  I wanted Tyler to come, and I wanted him to come inside me.



 I began to lick and kiss his neck and told him I wanted his come inside me.  I begged him to  come inside me, and within a minute or two, he was filling me up with his hot, young cum.  Tyler soon rolled off me, and I could see he was drenched in sweat.



 I got a washcloth and warm water and washed him off.  We both got dressed and had a drink and a bite to eat.  I dropped him off at home, whereupon he kissed me in my car.  I felt like a teenaged girl dropping off her boyfriend after school.  I watched him walk up his drive and knew that that experience would stay with me forever. 



   I retuned home, took off all my clothes, and masturbated in the bed thinking of my lover.  I came within minutes, and it was wonderful.  

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
