Copyright © 1997,     Bad Michel.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.



"Tyler"

by Bad Michel






 I was just out of college and had started teaching at a pre- school.  The pre-school had students there ranging in age from six months to twelve years old.  The cut-off age for students, with no exceptions, was twelve.

 A little about me, I was twenty-two years old, 5'6", 110 lbs., brown short hair, blue eyes, very slim, tan, very small breasts with long nipples, and a fine round ass.  I always wore tight shirts and short skirts or sundresses.  A lot of the time was spent outside in the playground area.  I was eager to work to begin paying off students loans, but more so to begin working with children.  

 Many of the boys, between the ages of eight and twelve, always wanted me to be with them.  The boys paid me a lot of attention, and it made me feel special, but it made the other teachers mad.  The other teachers, mostly college students or high-school kids helping, usually were dumpy-looking or did not give the kids quality time.

 I had been there for several months and knew a boy who had grown to really like me. Tyler was twelve years old, would be there for a few weeks longer, and would be heading to school after summer vacation.  Tyler was a good-looking twelve-year-old.  He was muscular, tan, very cute, and always wore long, basketball-type shorts and white t-shirts with the sleeves cut off.

 One day, while we were in the playground, I heard a boy begin to scream.  I looked over to where the screaming was coming from and found Tyler running towards me.  I approached him, and he came running into my arms.  I asked him as to what happened, and he replied that he was pushing a couple of the other boys on the swings and one of the swings came back and hit him in the mouth.

 I looked at his mouth and found that he was bleeding a little and that his lip had also sustained a cut.  I held him in my arms while in a kneeling position.  He began to cry even more, so I took him into a corner of the playgound where other students would not begin to make fun of him.

 I sat on the grass and he sat in my lap and continued to hug me.  All of a sudden, I began to feel him squeezing my boob.  Tyler had placed his hand on my right breast was just squeezing it.  I did not think much of it and he held me tighter.  I then began to feel him grab hold of my nipple, which was getting hard, and begin to pinch it, never letting go.  

 My nipples are very sensitive and very long.  I have to admit, that having this attractive twelve-year-old in my arms, in a corner of the playground, and having him squeezing my nipples was getting me a little excited.

 I asked him to let me see if the bleeding had stopped, and I held a couple of napkins to his lips.  Tyler was so cute staring at me with his blue eyes and cute face.

 I rocked him in my lap and held him close as he had stopped crying, and he was now just sniffing a lot.  I continued to hold him, but now had shifted his hand from the outside of my sundress to the inside area just above my boobs.  I shifted around, making believe I needed to relax my legs and now had our backs to the playground.

 I told him to relax, I would make sure he was OK, and that he would be just fine.  Tyler then slowly reached into my sundress and felt my breasts.  At first I wanted to stop him immediately, but here was a boy I was attracted to, feeling my breasts.  I allowed him to, and he felt them feverishly.  Tyler then took hold of the nipples, and at that point would be able to do anything because I was very excited.

 I looked back at the playground and saw that the teachers were getting ready to give the kids snack in the bench area.  I yelled out that Tyler would not be able to eat becasue he had a cut inside his mouth, but that we show up later.  The teachers and students then walked to the eating area about a hundred feet away.

 As I looked back at Tyler, he was smiling broadly.  I asked him if he was O.K. and he smiled and just piched at my nipples.  I then was shocked at what came next.  Tyler had reached for the front buttons of my sundress and had two undone before I could say anything.  Tyler looked up at me to see if I was going to say anything, but I could not.  I wanted to stop him as he had unbuttoned all five buttons, but could not do it.  

 Tyler then pushed open my dress and leaned down, licking my breasts.  Tyler was not sure what to do, really.  He licked with long stokes, bit the nipples kind of hard, and squeezed harder.  I was very excited at that point, but also very nervous.  Tyler then shocked me when he began to slide his hands on my thighs.

Tyler began to slide his hands all the way up my sundress and began to rub my panties.

 I grabbed hold of his hand and placed it in his lap and said, "No!"  He looked at me, grabbed my hand, and put it in his lap.  I felt the first twelve-year-old hard-on in my life and was extrememly excited.  I was going to move my hand away, but just kept it there.  Tyler leaned back down and began to lick at my already long nipples.

 I could not help myself at that point and reached into his shorts and began to feel his cock.  Tyler had a long cock (for a twelve- year-old boy), with fat head. I then stroked it, and he really began to squeeze and lick my breasts.

 I slowly pulled his shorts down just below his penis and got a look at it.  Tyler had little wisps of hair on his balls and a thatch of hair above his hard penis.  Tyler had reached down and was playing with my pussy.  I was extremely wet and nervous now.  I wanted him to fuck me right there, but knew it was impossible.  

    Tyler thrust his hips up and down as I stroked him.  I wanted to get myself off first, so I grabbed hold of his hand and pushed it inside my panties.  I whispered for him to put his fingers inside of me.  Tyler thrust a couple of fingers violently inside of me.  I had to tell him to slow down.  I could hear my juices as Tyler thrust his fingers inside of me.  I held his hand tight and moved my hips.  Tyler kept his hand over my clit, and within seconds I had an orgasm that flooded my panties.

 Tyler was still sucking on my tits feverishly.  I told him to move over a little as we were seated near a tree.  As he sat near the tree with his back toward the playground, I moved toward his legs and kneeled down.  I knew it was now or never, so I leaned over and engulfed his cock .  I sucked for all I was worth, as I knew he would not last long.  I squeezed his little ass cheeks and kept sucking on that nice, hard twelve-year-old cock.

 Tyler began to thrust his hips wildly, and I had to stop for a minute.  I had to check on the other teachers and students. I saw that they were still having their snacks, so I returned to my twelve-year-old lover.  I engulfed his engorged cock again, and he pulled on the back of my head.  Tyler began to thrust his hips, and softly moaned.

   I knew he would be coming, and sucked him all the way.  Tyler then thrust his hips, and I felt him come. He began to come in my mouth. I had to put my hand over his mouth as he was moaning too loudly.  I sucked and swallowed all of him.  I never knew a twelve-year-old could store so much sperm.  Tyler's come was delicious, and I knew I was hooked on boys.  

 I took Tyler's fingers and licked them clean.  I lifted his shorts and buttoned my sundress.  I took hold of Tyler's face and gently placed a kiss on his lips.  Tyler looked at me, grabbed my face, and stuck his tongue in my mouth.  I tasted boyness with a little mixture of his blood.  It was delicious, and I tasted him, gently licked his outer lips, and swirled our tongues together.  I hoped the kiss would never end, but it did.  I took hold of his hand, and we walked back to the group.  The other teachers asked Tyler if wanted something to drink, but he said, no.  I think he wanted me on his lips and mouth a little longer.  

 I saw Tyler a year later...he was walking home from school as I was on my way to go food shopping.  I stopped and we chatted for a bit. I invited him to go shopping with me, and he did.  I never went to the food market...but that is a different story.



















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

