
       What's Up With the ABBL?

       The ABBL is a comprehensive list of Atlanta Bulletin Boards for many
    years now.  The list is very visible and can be found on many boards from
    coast to coast as well as on the Internet.  Computer Currents reviewed the
    OASis bulletin board along with the ABBL and commented that it was a very
    accurate and frequently updated bulletin board list.
       The latest ABBL has 300 bulletin boards listed as active and member
    systems.  Since the ABBL has grown to such a large task the guidelines for
    any board to be listed are as follows:
       Your system must be on-line 24 hours a day for 7 days a week.  The list
    is too large to verify a part-time system and many people have called to
    complain that those systems are either down or unavailable.
       New systems must be verifiable during the verification cycle.  This
    cycle usually lasts from a week to a week and a half.  The only way to
    make sure that a new system is actually on-line is to be able to get a
    carrier.
       Systems that have been listed in the ABBL in the past but do not answer
    for 3 consecutive verification cycles will be listed as a DOWN system.  If
    you are unable to keep your system on-line reliably for 3 months its hard
    to verify.
       We have stepped up distribution of the ABBL sending it over the
    Internet in the list news group.  Many of the networks that I belong to
    get a copy of each version as its updated spreading the list nationwide.
       If you haven't been on the OASis as of late to update your ABBL listing
    keep in mind that it is each sysop's responsibility to maintain their
    listing.  This includes any added features and name or telephone number
    changes.  Keep an eye on the main board for a message from me announcing
    that the verification process has started and any updates past the posting
    will be reflected in the next verification process and 2 version of ABBL
    in the future.
       I hope all these procedural changes helps everyone to understand how
    the list is verified and how the updates work.  IF you want to list a new
    board, the sysop of the system should call the OASis and leave a message
    to the OASis sysop stating that you need access to the ABBL door.  Once
    Marshall Brown upgrades your account you will be able to open the ABBL
    door and enter your new listing.  Only you will be able to make any
    changes to your listing.  That's why it is so important for you to keep
    your listing current.

