
                          旼컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴
                 旼컴컴컴켸 SUBMIT.COM v1.0 읕컴컴컴컴
                  Data Entry Program for 144BBS List 
                 읕컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴켸

I receive many requests for listing systems or for changes of system
name, number or other items in the 144BBS List each month that have too
much information, not enough or a combination of both, with essential
information missing. To help resolve this problem, I wrote this simple
program to input the only information needed to have a system listed in
the 144BBS List.

- Before starting SUBMIT.COM for the first time, be sure there isn't a
  file named SUBMIT.NEW in the current directory. If it exists, it will
  be appended to by this program and the final results will be
  unpredictable.
- Press [Enter] on a blank field to Exit data entry at any time.
- To DROP a system from the list or to submit a change, instead of the
  system name, enter the word DROP in the NAME field and enter the
  current phone number as listed in 144BBS in the PHONE field. All of
  the other fields can contain any printable character - they will be
  ignored. This entry will be dropped from the database.
- You can then prepare a new entry by running SUBMIT.COM a second time
  to submit the correct information.

After you've prepared your entry for 144LIST, it will have been saved as
SUBMIT.NEW in the current directory. Correctly filled out, this is all
we need to include your listing. No other information is included in
144LIST, so save your energy. If there are other numbers you wish to
submit, run SUBMIT.COM as many times as necessary and those entries will
be appended to SUBMIT.NEW.

If you view SUBMIT.NEW, you will notice that the last field is the date
you prepare your entry - this date comes from YOUR system clock. It is
also the date your entry will be classified under in the database. Your
entry will appear in the 3 months following that date, after which it
will be dropped. Once dropped, you will have to resubmit your entry. To
ensure you remain on 144BBS, you can send in a new entry each month if
you wish, but be sure the DATE field is the date you send the message.
Post dated entries will be deleted from the database.

The final step is to send SUBMIT.NEW as a text message to THE DOWNTOWN
BBS via Internet E-mail to:
    sysop@dwntwn.com
or via MajorNet E-mail to:
    SYSOP@DWN.

Or, you can call the DownTown BBS at:
    213-484-0260 - up to 14.4K v.32bis or 16.8k ZyXEL
    213-484-0314 - 16.8k HST, 21.6k v.32terbo, 28.8k v.fast class/v.34

You can log on using the User_ID LIST and the Password LIST, leave a
comment to the Sysop account and ASCII upload the SUBMIT.NEW file into
the text editor or attach it as a file.

Remember to renew your entry every three months!

Ken Sukimoto

Version History:
1.0 - 02/04/95 - Initial Release
