                                PBM.DOC

                     PASCO BBS MAGAZINE DOCUMENTATION

    This file contains support information for the Pasco BBS Magazine

              þ General Information

                 þ How to help

                    þ Ad Information

                       þ Distribution Licensing Agreement

                          þ Authentic Verification

                             þ Legal Stuff

                                þ Contact Information

                             +   +   +   +   +

 GENERAL INFORMATION
 -------------------

 The Pasco BBS Magazine is a monthly on-line magazine which is distributed
 free of charge, as long as it is unaltered and complete.  There are
 absolutely no fees associated with displaying the magazine on bulletin
 boards.  It is the intention to keep this a free, not for profit magazine.

 The Pasco BBS Magazine is Tampa Bay's longest running free on-line magazine,
 having been published every month since January 1993.  The magazine is
 released by the 22nd of each month, with a deadline for submissions on the
 15th.

                             +   +   +   +   +

 HOW TO HELP
 -----------

 If you would like to write something for the Pasco BBS magazine, please
 send it along.  We would appreciate any submissions, as varying viewpoints
 can only strengthen the magazine.  All authors will receive a by-line in the
 Pasco BBS Magazine, and Sysops or computer related businesses will receive
 at least one free ad for their efforts.  Shareware, BBS door or book
 reviews, articles, computer related humor, questions, general feedback and
 artwork would be greatly appreciated.

 Anyone who would like to have their software, network, or anything else BBS
 related covered in the magazine is encouraged to get in touch.  You may also
 upload informational files and press releases for consideration.

 Uploading the Pasco BBS Magazine to other boards is encouraged and greatly
 appreciated.

                             +   +   +   +   +

 AD INFORMATION
 --------------

 The best way to get an ad is to help with the magazine in some way.  If you
 write something for the magazine you will receive at least one free ad.
 There is no paid advertising available at this time.

 Advertising space is limited, so the editor makes all determinations on when
 and which ads will run.  Ads should be forwarded to the Board of Trade BBS.
 It is preferred that ads for the magazine not exceed 23 lines.  The Pasco
 BBS Magazine cannot be held responsible for information contained within
 ads.  All ads remain the property of their owners.

                             +   +   +   +   +

 DISTRIBUTION LICENSE AGREEMENT
 ------------------------------

 There are only two factors in the Distribution License Agreement which must
 be followed to the distribute the magazine files.

 Make sure the original archive is intact with all files included.
 Distributing the magazine without all the original files is in violation of
 the Distribution License Agreement.  The files are listed in the file named
 FILES.LST.

 No fees of any kind may charged for the distribution of this specific
 publication.  Receiving compensation of any kind for the distribution,
 viewing, or for any other use of the magazine files is prohibited.

                             +   +   +   +   +

 AUTHENTIC VERIFICATION
 ----------------------

 When the files are extracted from the archive, the following should be
 displayed:

 Authentic files Verified!   #TOB940
 BOARD OF TRADE BBS

 If the above verification is not displayed, someone has corrupted the
 archive.  The magazine should not be distributed without this verification
 intact.  It is suggested that you call the Board of Trade BBS and download a
 copy in its original, uncorrupted form.

                             +   +   +   +   +

 LEGAL STUFF
 -----------

 The Pasco BBS Magazine is the sole property of the Board of Trade BBS and
 Richard Ziegler.  It is legally copyrighted material, and all rights are
 reserved.  No part of this magazine may be used without permission.  No
 compensation of any kind may be received for the viewing, distribution, or
 for any other use of the magazine files.

 By submitting something, you are agreeing to allow publication of the
 material in the magazine.  Articles reprinted with permission remain the
 property of the cited source.  Guest contributions may not necessarily
 reflect the views of the Pasco BBS Magazine.  The editor reserves the right
 to edit submissions, however, this is normally only done to correct spelling
 or grammatical errors.  The editor makes all determinations on what and when
 articles will run.

 Every effort is made to insure that all information contained within the
 Pasco BBS Magazine is accurate, but inadvertently mistakes can appear.  The
 Pasco BBS Magazine, Board of Trade BBS or Richard Ziegler cannot be held
 liable for information contained within this document.  It is intended that
 this magazine exists for the personal enjoyment of the readers.

 Rather than place a trademark symbol at every occurrence of a trademarked
 name, it is stated that trademarks are only being used in an editorial
 fashion with no intention of any infringement of the trademark itself.

                             +   +   +   +   +

 CONTACT INFORMATION
 -------------------

 Comments, questions, suggestions and submissions can be left, or uploaded,
 on the BBS number below or mailed to the address listed.

        Board of Trade BBS                 Board of Trade BBS
        (813) 862-4772                     P.O. Box 1853
        12/24/48/96/144/28800 baud         New Port Richey, FL  34656
        Free Access 24 hours a day

                             FidoNet 1:3619/10

                             +   +   +   +   +