                                 SYSOP.DOC

             INFORMATION FOR SYSOPS ABOUT THE PASCO BBS MAGAZINE


 INTRODUCTION
 ------------
 Being a Sysop myself, I know how hard it is to keep coming up with different
 things for callers.  Having varied sources of information is one thing that
 will make people keep coming back to your board.  The Pasco BBS Magazine is
 one of the easiest ways to have new information each month, and it is
 definitely one of the cheaper sources.  It also makes for a nice file
 directory that does not take up much room on your hard drive.  This file
 contains information for Sysops who are interested in the Pasco BBS Magazine.
 We hope to hear from you.

 GENERAL INFORMATION
 -------------------

 The Pasco BBS Magazine is an electronic magazine which has been distributed
 free of charge every month since January 1993.  There are absolutely no fees
 associated with displaying the magazine, perhaps with the possible exception
 of placing the call to get the current issue.  It is the intention to always
 be a free, not for profit, publication.  We would like to see as many bulletin
 boards and on-line services as possible carrying the Pasco BBS Magazine.
 Sysops are encouraged to put the magazine on their board, not only as a
 available download, but for on-line viewing as a bulletin or a door.  Sysops
 also are encouraged to create a separate file directory for the Pasco BBS
 Magazine, which would include all issues of the magazine and the occasional
 support files as well.  Information is a primary reason why people call
 bulletin boards, so why not make this popular publication available to your
 callers?

 MAGAZINE AVAILABILITY
 ---------------------

 The Pasco BBS Magazine is released on, or before, the 22nd of each month.  The
 file is made available on the Board of Trade BBS through the normal
 downloading procedures and uploaded to Software Creations BBS.  We have no
 control over the actual posting date on Software Creations, which can take
 several days after actual uploading, so if you wish to receive the magazine
 early contact the Board of Trade BBS.

 Sysops may also pick up the latest issue each month by requesting the file
 under the magic file name PBM.  A monthly event could be set-up to call the
 Board of Trade BBS to pick up the magazine.  If the event is scheduled for
 after 12:01 am on the 23rd of the month, the current issue will be available.

 We are no longer uploading the magazine all over the world to different
 boards, or maintaining a list of Official Distribution Sites.  It got to the
 point where it was too difficult to keep track of which systems where actually
 carrying the magazine.  It is felt that a call once a month, without any other
 associated fees, is not too much to ask of a Sysop who wishes to carry the
 magazine for their callers.  It is actually one of the least expensive
 services offered to BBS operators.

 PASCO BBS MAGAZINE SYSOP PACKAGE
 --------------------------------
 Sysops who carry, or who are interested in carrying, the Pasco BBS Magazine
 should download the Pasco BBS Magazine Sysop Package from the home BBS.  This
 file includes an informational bulletin and colorful screens for bulletin
 board use.  The current file name for this package is PBMSYS01.ZIP.

 AD INFORMATION
 --------------

 Sysops who help with the magazine in some way may be rewarded with ads in the
 magazine.  Those who write articles for the magazine will be given
 preferential treatment on ads.  Those who call the home board religiously and
 download the latest issue will probably see their ad in the magazine more
 frequently.  This offer was originally intended for long-distance systems,
 because they are bringing the magazine into new areas, but considerations will
 made for local boards as well.  Sysops who carry the magazine are encouraged
 to upload an ad to the Board of Trade BBS for possible inclusion in the
 magazine.  We try to be fair about which ads run in the magazine each month,
 and will try to run every uploaded ad at least once.

 Advertising space is limited, so the editor makes all determinations on which
 and when ads will run.  Please make sure your ad is in good taste, as this is
 a "family" magazine.  Ads should be forwarded to the Board of Trade BBS.  It
 is preferred that ads for the magazine not exceed 23 lines.  The Pasco BBS
 Magazine cannot be held responsible for information contained within ads.  All
 ads remain the property of their owners.

 There is no paid advertising available at this time.  The best way to insure
 that your ad will appear in the magazine file is to help with the magazine in
 some way.  Writing an article may be the best way to guarantee your board is
 advertised in the magazine.

 CONTACT INFORMATION
 -------------------

 Comments, questions, suggestions and submissions can be left, or uploaded, on
 the BBS number below or mailed to the address listed.

         Board of Trade BBS                 Board of Trade BBS
         (813) 862-4772                     P.O. Box 1853
         12/24/48/96/144/28800 baud         New Port Richey, FL  34656
         Free Access 24 hours a day

                              FidoNet 1:3619/10

                              +   +   +   +   +