MONEY INCORPORATED DIGEST #27
RELEASED 27 JANUARY 1995
BY SLEEPY - MYC WORLD LEADER

MONEY INCORPORATED ARE:
                         SLEEPY
                         SONIC FURY
                         CCRIDER
                         THE BIG CHEESE
                         METHOD MAN
                         ORGASMIC ANOMALY

TODAY'S TOPIC: THE GREATEST SCAM OF ALL TIME

Well, here it is.  My in depth look at the greatest scam of all time.  We have all been victimized, 
and there's not much we can do to stop it.  If you watch TV, you're a victim.  If you have sex,
you're a victim.  If you vote you're a victim.  If you read magazines and books you're a victim. 
Basically anyone who lives in the United States is a victim.  This scam involves the government,
pharmaceutical manufacturers and the health care professionals of this nation.  And the tool of
destruction is the AIDS virus.

Yes, despite what you have heard, the government created the AIDS virus, and despite what they
say, there are precautions you can take.

1. Stay away from high risk groups.  This includes gay men, IV drug users, hispanics and anyone  
from the african continent.  This also includes people who have been with the afforementioned
groups

2. Don't even bother using rubbers.  They are just a ploy from the pharmaceutical companies to
increase sales.  Seems to have worked, eh?

3. Don't do IV drugs.  You can do all the coke, pot, acid, speep, uppers, downers you want, just
stay away from heroin.

Lated I will examine each of these in detail.  But first some history.

AIDS was created by the government.  Period.  It was first discussed by Congress in the early
1970's.  Henry Kissinger wrote a top secret document, National Security Memorandum 200, in
which he indicated that depopulation of the third world should be a priority to our government. 
While I will not go into the morality of this idea, since there are good and bad points to discuss, I
will continue. 

The next piece of evidence is a record of a Senate appropriations commitee in July 1969, in
whice ten million dollars were shelled out for the development of a "synthetic biological agent
that would impair or destroy the human immune system."  A genius idea for the ultimate
chemical weapon.  Which I cannot bring myself to condemn either, since warfare is a part of
human nature.  Next is the actual deployment of the HIV virus, not yet named.  This occured in
1972, when the World Health Organization went into Central Africa to administer smallpox
vaccine.  Again, I really don't care about that either, since it doesn't affect me.  I'll just bring the
facts to light, since the media won't.

The next incident is the deployment of HIV virus to homosexuals recieving Hepatitus B
vaccinations in New York and San Francisco in 1978.  Soon thereafter every single one died of a
mysterious disease.  Oh well, just afew dead fags, right?

Well, after that the AIDS epidemic is history.  The only thing is, the media isn't going to tell you
the truth, and the government sure as hell isn't.  That's what Money Inc is here for, to enlighten
the lame, educate the stupid.  Thank me later, when you are having great unprotected sex
without fear of dying!

Next we will examine the risk to normal people.  This is the point of concern to me.  Since the
media controls the world and the government controls the media, the govenment controls the
world.  By the way, when we talk of the government we are not talking about Clinton and the
inept losers in Washington, we are talking about the secret govenment that really controls the
world.  There is no real center of this government, but let's just say that their hearts are in Isreal. 
If you know what I mean.  Anyways, as far as risk is concerned, if you belong to one of the high
risk groups, you might as well make out your will now.  The virus was made to destroy the
people in these groups.  As for the rest of us straight, white, American people who don't
associate with the high risk people, the risk is so small that to explain it would put you to sleep. 
Let's just say you have a better chance of winning the lottery and getting struck by lightning on
the way to pick up the money and then your corpse getting struck by a meteroite.

There are a few extremists out there who would have you believe that this virus will kill us all
and we should stop having sex and live in a cave.  There are also people who believe it's just a
hoax altogether.  Then there's me.  What we all agree on is that condoms do not work.  The virus
is so small that is would pass right through the latex.  Like shooting a golf ball through a
basketball hoop.  If you use a condom, use it to prevent pregnancy, not in fear of death.

Well, this concludes our first lesson in the greatest scam of all time.  Soon I will release more
information pertinent to the investigation, but until then just keep this in mind.  And remember,
don't fear this scam.  Stand up to it and spread the word, soon we will overcome this conspiracy
and bring the truth into light.

Copywrong 1995 Money Inc Holdings Ltd
All rights convicted of bestiality in a court of law.

This material is the sole opinion of the author and the members of Money Inc.  Any offense
taken to this material is too fucking bad and you can go suck dick.

