MONEY INCORPORATED DIGEST #56
RELEASED 9 FEBRUARY 1996
WRITTEN (AS USUAL) BY SLEEPY

MONEY INCORPORATED ARE: SLEEPY
                        SONIC FURY
                        THE BIG CHEESE
                        JULIO
                        SEXECUIONER
                        OFFICER FRIENDLY

TODAY'S TOPIC:  Clinton sucks dick! Or the Internet Decency Act

Well, it finally happened.  The liberals, namely Mr. Exon and Mr. Clinton have
finally driven the last stake into the heart of the American portion of the
Net.  Or have they.  First the bad news:

You most likely have read all about child porn and stuff like that being the
target of this act.  They are "indecent."  While personally some of this stuff
is indecent to me, I am not the one who decides.  Congress and Washington are
not either.  You decide for yourself and your family.  Simple, huh?  Well,
apparently not to Exon and his cronies.  The Democrats, trying to look
"conservative" have jumped on this bandwagon.  The Republicans, who are old
guys, don't care.  They just wanted the Telecom act passed.  The only
main Republican who didn't like the Internet part of this act was Newt
Gingrich himself.  And who said this guy was evil?

Anyways, the main reason people get so pissed is the term "indecent" is not
defined.  Here is what can be termed indecent:

Porn, child or adult - You can bet the bible thumpers will jump on this
Sex discussions - same here, this includes abortion talk
Guns - Bet your last dollar this will come up, if liberals have their way
White Power - The Jews and liberals will attack this the most
Anti Gov't - When this goes, all hell will break loose on the Net

Ok, enough bad news, here's the good news:

Who the hell will enforce this law?  How can they impose their laws on
foreign Net sites?  When the problem of enforecement is solved, then
I'll start worrying.  Until then bring em all on...bible thumpers, liberals,
ZOG, Clinton....bring every last one of the mother fuckers on!

Copywrong 1996, Money Inc. Holdings Ltd.
All rights lost (you know where they are?)

Sleepy can be reached at:  dcarpenter@netrax.net
Money Inc. Digest is available at ftp.etext.org /politics/MoneyInc


