MONEY INC DIGEST # 32
WRITTEN BY: SONIC FURY
SPREAD ON 03/10/95

                             ***>$ MONEY INC $<***
                                   
                                   PRESENTS:

                              "Your Mom's A Slut"
                                      
                                      or
                         
                         Coin Changer Fraud in the '90s

        
        As you all recall from the text files from the golden age of hacking,
there used to be a method for gaining free money from coin changers.  
Depending on the the type of machine (the sliding tray kind or the more 
modern kind that sucks ur bill in) you either had to notch the dollar or use
a long strand of tape to pull the dollar back out of the machine.  These two 
methods worked fine on machines manufactored in the '60s and '70s, but alas,
as technology progress, so must the con man.  The chapter of the MYC saga is
designed to teach the modern man how to successfully rip of the coin changers
and vending machines you currently find throughout the country.  This method
will not work if the machine only accepts one dollar bills.  You need to find
yourself a machine that will change either 5 or 10 dollar bills.  Once you've
located the machine of your choice, you're ready to make some petty cash.

        Modern coin changers determine the validity of the bill by many 
methods.  Change machines are in no way cheap.  First off, some machines 
test the PH of the paper being inserted.  If the PH doesn't match the PH of
American paper money, the bill's spit back out.  Anybody with some chemistry
experience can easily adjust the PH of paper.  This is the most common method
of testing for counterfeit bills.  You know those little pens you can buy
that leave an amber mark on a bill and a blank mark on paper other than
currency?  All that is is a cotton strip with corresponding PH to currency.
This is the method most grocery and conveinience stores used to validate 
money.
        
        The 2nd most common method of validating currency is to check the
degree of translucence of the paper.  The machine pashes a beam of light
through the bill and measures the result.  If the paper inserted doesn't
match the translucence of currency, again, the bill is regected.

        One of the counter checks to these two methods is the physical
apperance of the bill being inserted.  The machine "looks" at the left hand
numbers in the corners, and the portrait of the president, and matches it
against what's in it's memory.  That's why they tell you "Insert Bill This 
Way."  If you insert a one dollar bill with the face of Old Abe on it, the
machine will think, "What the fuck?!" and spit it back out.  The other most
common counter check is the to roll the bill back and forth between two 
rollers.  This way the machine can determine whether or not it's a single
piece of paper of multiple layers.
 
        Now for the fun part!  To bypass all these various checks and 
balances, you do the following:  First, copy a five or ten dollar bill
(whatever the machine accepts) and cut out the portrait of the president
and the the left hand numbers.  Here comes the tricky part: Glue the portrait
and numbers to a one dollar bill.  The problem is, most glue does not hold to
currency (I believe due to the type of ink).  Try to find some Elmer's Stix 
All.  This shit will glue anything together, metal, wood, glass, fabric, you 
name it (it's also great for making bongs, the fumes are non-toxic!).  Make 
sure the alignment of the portrait and numbers is precise, if you glue them on
crooked, it'll spit your money back at you.  If you can't find any Elmer's,
then try to sand the face of the bill with fine sandpaper a little, just
enough to give the glue something to bond to.  Your finished product is a 
bill that matches the PH of currency, has the same degree of translucence,
and matches the requirements for a five dollar bill.  Make a bunch up and
go have fun!!!!

        In closing, the monetary gain from this scam isn't shit.  Don't
expect to get rich quick by ripping off change machines.  To me, this is
just teadious and pointless, unless you are flat broke.  In that case, it
probably will be beneficial to make 4 dollars off of every dollar you can
scrounge up.  I hope you enjoyed this file.  The next file released by moi 
will demonstrate another way to make a few quick bucks, this time with a 
19 dollar return on the dollar.  Look for it in a few days, I'm almost
done it as I write this.  
l8a
 
 - Sonic Fury

MONEY INC is   - Sleepy
               - Sonic Fury
               - CCRider
               - Method Man
               - The Big Cheese
               - And those guests who contribute their ideas
        
        I'm currently working on setting up a Web site with various H/P
associates, until then, back issues of MONEY INC DIGEST will be available 
through anonymous FTP at Paranoia's FTP/Web site.  Look for an update in
an upcoming Money Inc release.

Copywrong 1995, Money Inc.

