Tamalpais Technologies - The Login Checker II
Copyright (c) 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994 - All rights reserved
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ


Introduction 
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
One day, I was sitting at my desk at work (I was a MIS/Help Desk manager for 
a major software company) when the phone rang. It was someone from the 
Marketing deparment, they were in Excel in Windows and they could not print to 
the printer, it gave them some error message.  I explained to the person 
(who has great Marketing skills but little computer skills) that the problem 
most likely was due the fact that she had not logged in. This got me 
thinking... This was the third call that day for a problem related to the fact 
that the employee had not logged in.  Of course I couldn't blame the employee, 
the message that they were not logged in flashes by as the rest of their 
AUTOEXEC.BAT file is executed.  

I asked myself, why didn't Novell make the login.exe program check to see
if you logged in correctly and if not, ask you to try again?

So I dusted off my 'C' manuals, turned on my tunes on and got to work on trying 
to correct this little problem.  Hence, the birth of The Login Checker.   I
implemented it at the company that I work for and after 3 weeks of not having 
ANY calls related to not logging in (and having no one complain about any 
problems with The Login Checker itself - could the first try be bug free??)  
I decided that maybe others could benefit from this handy dandy tool. After 
only 2 months over 200 people downloaded it from Compuserve, so I must have
been right!  Since then over 6,500 people downloaded this product and it has 
been registered for use for over 35,000 network users!

After having it in place at work for a couple of months I noticed another 
hidden benefit.   Many of the employee's liked to add there login name after 
the login call in their AUTOEXEC.BAT (saving them from having to type it in).  
This was great for them but frustrating to the Help Desk staff because if you 
wanted to do any work setting up there machine you had to either not login 
(and miss whatever setup pertained to the network in their AUTOEXEC.BAT) or 
change their AUTOEXEC.BAT and reboot.  What a pain.  With The Login Checker, 
all we needed to do was press return at the PASSWORD: prompt and type in our
own login name and password instead.  Life is good again and we go home 
smiling now (most of the time!).

The easiest way to test the Login Checker and use it is to simply copy the 
two files (TTLOGIN.EXE and TTLOGIN.CFG) to the LOGIN directory and change 
your AUTOEXEC.BAT to use TTLOGIN.EXE.  If you ever feel the need to login 
using the regular Novell login, you can always type LOGIN.EXE.  

I hope you The Login Checker is as useful to you as it was to us.  Many 
thanks to all of you who have send me your comments on the program and 
those of you who have joined our family of registered users. Please 
send me any comments you have about the product, good or bad, and any 
ideas you have that would improve it.   


Time Savings
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
For every 100 employees, about four of  them will not log in correctly into 
your network.  Most of the time, this will result in a call to the help desk.  
If that help desk call takes an average of six minutes to solve, two employees 
could be working on something else for a total of 12 minutes... 

4 x 12 = 48 minutes daily
48 x 22*  = 1056 minutes a month
1056 / 60 = 17.6 hours a month

(*22 is the average number of working days each month) 

The login Checker will insure that your end users will log into the network 
correctly every time.  The program monitors the login and verifies that it 
was successful.  If the login sequence was not a success, it will ask you if you 
want to attempt the login again. How much does 17.6 hours of work time cost
your company every month?

With this product, network users never bother the help desk again! 


Full Working Copy:
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
This is a full working copy of The Login Checker.  It is not crippled 
in anyway.  


Description:
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
The Login Checker is a program that is designed to check whether you have 
logged into a Novell network or not.  This is advantageous for several 
reasons:

		*       Less typing and frustration when logging in.
		*       Less calls to the MIS / System Administration  /
			Help desk - because employees will know when they 
			type their login name or password incorrectly.
			(Most of the time they do not know they did not
			login because the login command is part of the 
			autoexec.bat file, so the 'Access denied' message 
			scrolls past before they can read it).

		*       If a station is set up to login with that person's
			login name (I.E. LOGIN MIKE), pressing return with
			TTLOGIN will ask you for the new login name, so that
			if someone else wants to log in to that station (such
			as System Administrators!) all the network commands in 
			the 'AUTOEXEC.BAT' file that requires network login
			are still executed.                        


How to Use:
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

Copy the two files (TTLOGIN.EXE and TTLOGIN.CFG) into the F:\LOGIN directory
(you must be logged in as supervisor to do this).  Then type (or add to your 
`autoexec.bat' file):

			ttlogin <LOGINNAME>

You will need to keep LOGIN.EXE in that same directory.  If you login without 
making any mistakes, it will look and act just like regular LOGIN.EXE.  If 
you mistype your login name or password, The Login Checker will ask you if 
you want to login again.  This continues until you either login correctly or 
answer no to the question.


New features in version 2.50  
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    *  Eliminate the ability for users to exit:

One of the requests that I received the most was to allow administrators
the ability to remove the 'Exit' option from the Login Checker.  This feature
has been added to version 2.50.

    *  Administrator modifable Help 

The administrator can now personalize the help menu.  This will allow 
administrators to give information specific to their company (like who 
to call when trouble arises) in the 'view info(Help)' section. (This feature
was actually introduced in version 2.03)
  
  *  Explanations in the user configuration file (TTLOGIN.CFG). 

I have added the lines that explain what each line means in the configuration
file.  This should help the administrator setup and modify the Login Checker.


Using the Help File Feature
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
To modify the help, you need to use an ASCII editor.
The file that contains the help information is TTLOGIN.HLP.
The information should not be greater than 65 characters wide or 
more than 13 lines long.  Information bigger than that size will 
be ignored.  


Eliminating the 'Exit'
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
The last line of the configuration file (TTLOGIN.CFG) is an option that
indicates whether you want to show the 'Exit' option from the Login
Checker.  Enter 'Yes' (the default) if you want 'Exit' to show up on
the menu, and 'No' if you do not want to to appear.  System administrators
can still exit the Login Checker by pressing a '~' (Tilda).


Format of the Configuration file
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
The configuration file (TTLOGIN.CFG) needs to maintaint the format that 
it is in when received from distribution.  

That is:

	First line   = Comments
	Second line  = Network login file name (LOGIN.EXE)
	Third line   = BLANK
	Forth line   = Comments
	Fifth line   = File server name (or BLANK)
	Sixth line   = BLANK
	Seventh line = Comments
	Eighth line  = 'Yes' or 'No'

We recommend that you make a backup of the orginal file before making any 
changes to this file.


For Experienced System Adminstrators:
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
System Adminstrators can easily give everyone access to TTLOGIN, without
having to modify everyone's machines.  This is recommended for System
Adminstrators that have experience with DOS and Novell. If you do not
have much experience, you may want to use the method suggested above.

Here's how:

	  * Login as supervisor.
	  * Copy TTLOGIN.EXE and TTLOGIN.CFG into the F:\LOGIN directory.
	  * Using `attrib' or another utility, remove the
	    'READ ONLY' tag from Novell's LOGIN.EXE program.
	  * Rename the orginal LOGIN.EXE to another name:

		    REN LOGIN.EXE LGN.EXE

	  * Rename TTLOGIN to LOGIN.EXE:    
 
		    REN TTLOGIN.EXE LOGIN.EXE

	  * Use an ASCII editor to change the Second line in TTLOGIN.CFG to the 
	    new name you gave Novell's LOGIN.EXE (I.E. LGN.EXE).

	  * Reset the `READ ONLY' attribute on Novells LOGIN.EXE (now LGN.EXE). 

This makes it so that if anyone types LOGIN (or it is in an `autoexec.bat'
file), it will automatically call The Login Checker.  Be careful NOT to delete 
Novell's LOGIN.EXE.  You will need that to log in.

If you want to login without using The Login Checker, simply type the new name 
you gave Novell's (LGN.EXE).
		
System Adminstrators can also modify the fifth line, which may help to 
explain to end users which file server they are attaching to.



Registration: 
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

  Register this product and you will receive:

	   * The very latest version (with extra features)
	     and the 'UNREGISTERED' message removed. We will
	     personalize the Login Checker with your company 
	     name.
	   * Free technical support.
	   * A printed manual.
	   * Information on other Tam Tech products.
	   * A clear conscience!
	   * Free copy of WinStop software (See below!)

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  NEW REGISTRATION INCENTIVE:
  For a limited time, we are offering a free copy of Winstop (Ver 1.00) for 
  each registration of the Login Checker!  Winstop is a DOS utility that 
  will allows you to easily stop Windows from loading in your autoexec.bat 
  file.  When called, it display's a timer that delays the loading of 
  Windows a pre-defined amount of time (the default it 25 seconds). 
  This gives you the change to exit to DOS instead of going directly into 
  Windows.  The utility is easy to install and will save you from attempting   
  to break the automatic loading of Windows with <CNTL-C> (which never 
  works!).

  Registering the Login Checker gets you this handy utility, FREE!
  Please mention this offer when you register the product (or use the 
  order form in ORDER.DOC.

  This offer expires December 31st, 1995.
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------

  The Login Checker is shareware (give one to a friend!), but NOT freeware
  You must register the copy (and pay the fee) to use it (we do want to eat!)

  When you register the copy, Tamalpais Technologies will send you the latest
  version.  This copy will include all new features developed so far.

  Some ideas we may include in the future are:

      *  The ability to check for more than one file server on a network
      *  Ability to explain to end users which server they are logging into
	 (Done, see above)
      *  New features that we dream up before you get it!


     Cost is:     $35 for every 50 network users
 
		   Network users:                    Price
	    ------------------------------------------------
		   1   to 50                          $35.00
		   51  to 100                         $70.00
		   101 to 150                        $105.00
		   151 to 200                        $140.00
		   Anything over 200 users:          $175.00

* One site is one physical address.   You need to purchase a Login Checker 
license for each site that is using the product.  

(Please include $2.50 for shipping and handling.)


*** Unlimited, Corporate Wide License
You can also purchase an unlimited, corporate wide license 
(can be used at any branch of the company, including growth) for $750.  



You can register the product in one of four ways:


	1)  Phone in the order (Monday - Friday:  9:00 to 6:00 PST):  
	
		Phone: (415) 927-0333

		( You may pay by VISA or MC, COD,  or we will be happy 
		  to invoice you )

	
	2)  Order through our BBS :

	    We now have a TamTech BBS!  You can register through the 
	    BBS by entering 'REG' from the main menu.  You can also download
	    the very latest version of the Login Checker or download our 
	    other shareware products. The BBS is free.  
	    
	    The TamTech BBS number is: (415) 759-5529.


	3)  Mail or Fax us the order to:

		Tamalpais Technologies
		c/o Login Checker
		P.O. Box 125
		Larkspur, CA 94977

		Fax:   (415) 927-4619

		Please print the order form in ORDER.DOC (simply type
		'ORDER' from the DOS prompt).  You may pay by check,
		VISA / MASTERCARD, or we will be happy to invoice you.


	4)  Paying through Compuserve

		You can now register Login Checker through Compuserve!  
		It will get billed directly to your Compuserve account.  
		Simply type GO SWREG and follow the instructions.  
		Using the keyword search, search for 'TamTech'.

		You will need to order 1 copy for every 50 users.  For 
		example, if your company has 150 network users, order 
		3 copies (and you will be billed $105).  You can
		use the chart above as a reference.

		If you would like to order multiple copies (for several 
		sites) instead of for more users at one site, please Email 
		us through Compuserve and explain how you would like it 
		broken down.


We will be happy to accept purchase orders.  You can either mail them to us,
fax them in, or call the order in and give us the PO number over the phone.

Order Form:
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
To print the order form, run 'ORDER.BAT' by typing:   ORDER


Paying via VISA or MASTERCARD:
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
Tamalpais Technologies now excepts VISA and MASTERCARD.  to pay with by
credit card, simply print out the order form (by typing 'ORDER' from the 
DOS prompt), fill it out, and fax (or mail) it to us.  Please be sure to 
sign the form.  

We can also take your credit card order over the phone. The BBS registration 
system (at (415) 927-5529) can be used to register using credit cards.


Tamalpais Technologies Complete Satisfaction Guarantee ...
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     The Login Checker comes with a 60 day money day back
     guarantee.  If you are unhappy with the product for any reason,
     Tamalpais Technologies will refund your money in full. Simply call or
     write TamTech within 60 days of purchase.


Suggestions / Support:
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

We welcome suggestions for improved features for The Login Checker, as well as
ideas for new utilities you'd like to see.  We already have some idea's we are
playing with for future releases, such as automatic path correction (so that
when you logout your path is returned to it's healthy state), message ability
- so that the System Administrator can notify the user what server they are
logging into, etc.

To contact us, write us at the above address, send us a Compuserve Email (to
73257,2166)  or call Tamalpais Technologies at (415) 927-0333.  We would like
to here from you, so please do write or call us and tell us your compliments,
problems, or new feature ideas.

You can also reach us at your Internet account:  

		tamtech@well.com


Or our American Online Account:

		TamTech

	  
Disclaimer:
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

This software has been tested thoroughly and is believed to be free of
problems, however, software is one of the most complicated kind of product
produced by humans. No person can be absolutely and completely certain that a
piece of complicated software will work in any given machine and environment.
Therefore, you are completely responsible for determining the fitness of this
program and Tamalpais Technologies and it's staff are not liable for any damages.


Trouble Spots (Common Problems and Frequently asked questions) ...
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
There are a couple of issues with this version of the Login Checker that 
may give you trouble:


	Q.) When I run the Login Checker, it stay's in a loop and never atempts
	to Login. Why is this?
	======================
	A.) This is usually caused when someone has changed the name of Novell's
	LOGIN.EXE file and did not change it in the TTLOGIN.CFG file. The name
	of Novell's login must be entered in the TTLOGIN.CFG file.

	Intel Landesk Manager
	=====================
	The older versions of Intel's Landesk manager had a version of 
	LOGIN.COM that did not work with the Login Checker.  The current
	version does, and they will send you a new copy for free.  Please call
	Intel's Technical Support and get an update.

	Netware 4.x
	===========
	This version does not work with version 4.x of Netware.  If you have
	version 4.x of netware, call us and we will put you on the list to
	notify you when we get the Login Checker working with that release.



Are you a Catalog, Shareware Distributor, or BBS?
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
Please see the VENDOR.DOC file for information about terms and conditions 
for distribution of the Login Checker.


About Shareware . . .
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
Shareware is a concept of "Try before you buy" software.  It allows you, the 
customer to look at and use software before purchasing it.  This program is
the full working version of the Login Checker, it is not crippled in any 
way.  

Shareware works because people share good programs. If you like the Login 
Checker and it works for you, give a copy to a friend!

We at Tamalpais Technologies live off the proceeds generated by shareware 
sales.  Your registration allows us to create more products. Thank you for 
your support.



Assocation of Sharware Professionals:
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

	      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
	ÚÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄ¿     ³              (R)
      ÄÄ³         ³o    ³ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
	³   ÚÄÄÄÄÄÁĞÄÄ¿ ³  Association of
	³   ³         ³ÄÙ  Shareware
	ÀÄÄÄ³    o    ³    Professionals
      ÄÄÄÄÄÄ³    º    ³ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
	    ÀÄÄÄÄĞÄÄÄÄÙ    MEMBER



		"This program is produced by a member of the Association
		of Shareware Professionals (ASP).  ASP wants to make sure
		that the shareware principle works for you. If you are
		unable to resolve a shareware-related problem with an ASP
		member by contacting the member directly, ASP may be able
		to help. The ASP Ombudsman can help you resolve a dispute
		or problem with an ASP member, but does not provide
		technical support for members' products. Please write to
		the ASP Ombudsman at 545 Grover Road, Muskegon, MI
		49442-9427 USA, FAX 616-788-2765 or send a Compuserve
		message via CompuServe Mail to ASP Ombudsman 70007,3536"



