         ŞÛÛİ° ÜÛÛÛÛÛÜ ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛ° ÛÛ°  ÛÛ° ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛ° ÛÛ°    ÛÛ° ÜÛÛÛÛÛÜ
          ÛÛ°  ÛÛ°°°°° ÛÛÜÜÜÜ°  ÛÛÛÜ ÛÛ° ÛÛÜÜÜÜ°  ÛÛ°    ÛÛ° ÛÛ°°°°°
          ÛÛ°  ÛÛ°     ÛÛßßßß°  ÛÛßÛÛÛÛ° ÛÛßßßß°  ÛÛ° Ü  ÛÛ° ßÛÛÛÛÛÜ
         ŞÛÛİ° ßÛÛÛÛÛß ßÛÛÛÛÛÛ° ÛÛ° ßÛÛ° ßÛÛÛÛÛÛ° ÛÛÜÛÛÛÜÛÛ°  °°°°ÛÛ°
          ÛÛ°    ÛÛ°°°  ÛÛ°ÛÛ°  ÛÛ°  ÛÛ°  ÛÛ°ÛÛ°° ßÛÛß ßÛÛß  ßÛÛÛÛÛß
          Şİ°    Şİ°    Şİ°Şİ°  Şİ°  Ş°   Şİ°Şİ°   Şİ°  Ş°    Şİ°Ş°
           İ°    Ş°      İ°     Ş°         İ°      Ş°         Ş°

     The Journal of IceNET                                   August 1994
    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
    ³ Editor's Desk                                                     ³
    ³   The Upper Registers                       Deacon Blues (2@7653) ³
    ³   Managing Editor's Notes                          Chris (1@7668) ³
    ³   Letters To The Editors                              Louie (6@1) ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³ Feature Stories                                                   ³
    ³   Archivers... Which One Is Best?              Papa Bear (1@5079) ³
    ³   How To Maintain A Good                                          ³
    ³     On-Line Story Sub Board                           Louie (6@1) ³
    ³   BBSers Bad Rap                                    Will (1@6754) ³
    ³   What Really Happened At WWIVcon '94                 Louie (6@1) ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³ WWIV-Specific                                                     ³
    ³   Networking Utilities And                                        ³
    ³     The WW4net Change Over                     Ima Moron (1@9661) ³
    ³   Break The CHAINs                           Scum Sucker (1@6987) ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³ Software/Programming                                              ³
    ³   How To Get The Most Out                                         ³
    ³      Of Your System's Memory                   Papa Bear (1@5079) ³
    ³   Artificial Intelligence -  Part Three               Louie (6@1) ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³ Lite Bytes                                                        ³
    ³   How They Got Started BBSing...                      Louie (6@1) ³
    ³   Silly Strings                                Ima Moron (1@9661) ³
    ³   WWIVland Word Power Puzzle         Phantasm (ExpressNET 1@9901) ³
    ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
    ³                   IceNEWS Staff For August 1994                   ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³    "...Winners of the 1994 WWIVcon Award for Electronic News"     ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³                    IceNEWS Publisher - Jim 1@1                    ³
    ³           IceNEWS Editor-In-Chief - Deacon Blues 2@7653           ³
    ³               IceNEWS Managing Editor - Chris 1@7668              ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³                    IceNEWS Contributing Editors                   ³
    ³  Hardware - Will 1@6754   Software/Programming - Daarkhan 1@7676  ³
    ³  WWIV-Specific - Papa Bear 1@5079   Lite Bytes - Ima Moron 1@9661 ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³            Editors-At-Large - Louie 6@1 & Chris 1@7668            ³
    ³               IceNEWS Production - Spelunker 1@7653               ³
    ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
    ³     IceNEWS is always seeking submissions from those who have     ³
    ³      ideas for stories. If you have any ideas that you might      ³
    ³        like to see published, contact any IceNEWS editor or       ³
    ³        subscribe to IceNEWS Beat, subtype IceNEWS, host @1.       ³
    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


                        ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ E D I T O R ' S   D E S K ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ The Upper Registers ³ Deacon Blues (2@7653)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     Some  musings  that came to me while  zoning-out in my office on the 13th
floor of the Nunn Building by watching a plasma screen saver...

     While it may be a little late and obvious for me to say so, it seems that
WWIVcon '94 was an unqualified success. In this issue of IceNEWS, we bring you
a  number  of comments from around  WWIVLand  regarding the whooping good time
that  those  who  attended had by all at  (and,  in some cases, away from) the
convention  held in New Orleans this past July 1st through 3rd. Although I was
not  an  attendee, I would like to  extend  my congratulations to all of those
connected with putting WWIVcon '94 together.

     Why  the  congrats  on  WWIVcon '94 even  though  I  wasn't there for it?
Simple.  I am a student learning about the Travel and Tourism industry (a tale
about  which  I  will  tell  next month  in  an  unrelated  story). Part of my
schooling deals with planning conventions and such.

     I think that those involved with the planning WWIVcon '94 will agree that
I  speak  the truth when I say that  organizing a convention, even a small one
(no  knock  to  WWIVcon  '94,  but  any  convention  attracting  less than 500
attendees  is  considered  small by industry  standards),  is far from an easy
task.  Phone calls to many hotel sales  reps to line-up the best deal, working
with  little  more  than estimates and guesses  as  to the size of attendance,
getting  potential hotel sites to be willing  to commit to the convention well
in  advance without being able to provide a guarantee that all of the reserved
rooms will be booked (which could cause price changes by the hotel for using a
smaller block of rooms). I'm sure that more than a few fingernails were chewed
down  to the cuticle and more than a few Rolaids were digested by the planners
right up to the final day of the convention itself.

     Even then, putting together a convention is one thing. Putting together a
convention  that  has the attendees raving  is  a completely different matter.
This  is  just what the planners and  organizers  of WWIVcon did. Not only did
they  get  WWIVcon '94 itself to "fly," but  they  got it to soar. Not an easy
task  to  do  for even for the  experienced  convention planner, let alone for
people who have little or no formal training in such matters.

     In  the very pleasant afterglow of WWIVcon '94, a WWIVcon '95 fever seems
to   have   gripped  many  throughout  WWIVLand.   The   impact  of  the  good
"word-of-mouth"  regarding this past WWIVcon has already spread far and cannot
be  termed  as a wake, but as a tidal  wave. There has been some talk thus far
from  a number of areas expressing wishes to hold WWIVcon '95 in their cities,
towns, or regions. This is a very good thing to see.

     It's  good because it not only  promotes WWIV, WWIV networking and BBSing
in general, but it also promotes the idea of people getting together to have a
good time and maybe talk some "shop." It brings together sysops and users from
around  the  networks  who may have "talked"  to  each other over the nets for
years  but  never actually met face-to-face  before.  It gives the attendees a
chance  meet,  mingle, party, and laugh with  each other while, in most cases,
visiting  a  different  part  of the  country.  It's  a real-time face-to-face
interface for which there is no substitute.

     Isn't  that what all of this BBSing thing is supposed to be about anyway;
meeting new people, making new friends and having a good ol' time? That's what
I got into BBSing for. If this were not the case, I highly doubt that everyone
who  attended would be waxing so positively about WWIVcon '94 and I doubt that
there  would be so much interest from people around the net in having the next
one  near  their hometown. As I'm sure that  I'm right about this, I can't see
WWIVcon '95 as being anything less than a WWIV event extraordinaire.

     WWIVcon  '94 may be history now, but I feel safe in saying that those who
did attend most certainly did not attend the final WWIVcon. My hat goes off to
those who worked to pull off WWIVcon '94, for they have laid the foundation of
what  will most undoubtedly be a long and successful string of future WWIVcons
for years to come.

     And now, your August, 1994 edition of the IceNEWS Journal.

    ÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Managing Editor's Notes ³ Chris (1@67668)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     Welcome to the August issue of IceNEWS! Before we begin, I'd just like to
thank all the people who helped me, the rookie M/E, make another fine issue of
IceNEWS.	I'd also like to thank everyone who sent in articles.

     Well,  as  I said before, we've got  another great issue of IceNEWS! Papa
Bear  wrote  a  great  piece on archivers  and  by  reading  it in the classic
"Consumer  Reports"  format, you can choose which  format is the best for you.
Check it out. His findings are very surprising.

     Louie has done a lot of research and has come up with a few guidelines on
having  your own on-line story sub. As Louie  will tell you, these subs can be
fun, informatitive and entertaining.

     As  most of you have seen, NBC's Dateline  and the rest of the media have
begun  giving  all BBSers a "Bad Rap" due  to some of the illegal abuse of our
favorite  hobby.  Will discusses the whole scene,  not  just what the media is
telling everybody else. We know better than to stereotype all BBSers, but does
everyone else know?

     Are  you  wondering what REALLY happened  at WWIVcon '94? Well, Louie has
complied  some reports that will widen your  eyes and really make you wish you
were  there. Just remember when reading it that it's not to soon to plan ahead
for WWIVcon '95!

     Too  many  networks? Too many connects?	Need  a better way to handle your
network  frenzie? Ima Moron has a review  of a few network utilities plus some
comments on the recent WWIVnet -> WW4net change over.

     Now  those are just a few of what's  below plus much much more! Before we
get going though, if you need a copy of the latest IceNEWS in your mailbox, or
need ANY back issue, this is for you!

                     ICENEWS BACK ISSUES ARCHIVE SERVICE

                    Courtesy of The Cavern [ASV/RIP] @7653

     This  service  will  allow  IceNET #1  sysops  to  request back issues of
IceNEWS  in  a UUEncoded format via e-mail. You  must be a #1 sysop to request
the back issues. If you are not, please ask your sysop to request the file for
you.

     To  request  a  back issue, simply  ADDRESS  e-mail to: ICENEWS@7653. The
TITLE  of the e-mail should be the keyword  of the file you request (it is not
case-sensitive). You do NOT need to write anything in the body of the e-mail.

For example:

    Request for July 1994 issue of IceNEWS
    Address: ICENEWS@7653
      Title: NEWS0794-1

     The  example will send a uuencoded mail  which is part one of that issue.
Since  most issues exceed the 32K net packet  limit, they had to be split into
multiple  parts.  Please make sure that you  request  ALL parts for a complete
issue.  Multiple part issues REQUIRE  multiple email requests (e.g. NEWS0794-1
in one e-mail request, NEWS0794-2 in a second, seperate request, etc.).

     NOTE:  All files have been compressed with PKZIP 2.04G and UUEncoded with
UUENCODE 5.22. These versions may not be compatible with other versions.

Listing of available back issues of IceNEWS:

Keyword      Description
-------      -----------

NEWS0894-1   IceNEWS for August 1994 [1/3]
NEWS0894-2   IceNEWS for August 1994 [2/3]
NEWS0894-3   IceNEWS for August 1994 [3/3]
NEWS0794-1   IceNEWS for July 1994 [1/3]
NEWS0794-2   IceNEWS for July 1994 [2/3]
NEWS0794-3   IceNEWS for July 1994 [3/3]
NEWS0694-1   IceNEWS for June 1994 [1/3]
NEWS0694-2   IceNEWS for June 1994 [2/3]
NEWS0694-3   IceNEWS for June 1994 [3/3]
NEWS0594-1   IceNEWS for May 1994 [1/3]
NEWS0594-2   IceNEWS for May 1994 [2/3]
NEWS0594-3   IceNEWS for May 1994 [3/3]
NEWS0494-1   IceNEWS for April 1994 [1/2]
NEWS0494-2   IceNEWS for April 1994 [2/2]
NEWS0394-1   IceNEWS for March 1994 [1/2]
NEWS0394-2   IceNEWS for March 1994 [2/2]
NEWS0294-1   IceNEWS for February 1994 [1/2]
NEWS0294-2   IceNEWS for February 1994 [2/2]
NEWS0194-1   IceNEWS for January 1994 [1/2]
NEWS0194-2   IceNEWS for January 1994 [2/2]
NEWS1293-1   IceNEWS for December 1993 [1/3]
NEWS1293-2   IceNEWS for December 1993 [2/3]
NEWS1293-3   IceNEWS for December 1993 [3/3]
NEWS0793-1   IceNEWS for July 1993 [1/2]
NEWS0793-2   IceNEWS for July 1993 [2/2]
NEWS0693-1   IceNEWS for June 1993 [1/2]
NEWS0693-2   IceNEWS for June 1993 [2/2]
NEWS0593     IceNEWS for May 1993
NEWS0493-1   IceNEWS for April 1993 [1/2]
NEWS0493-2   IceNEWS for April 1993 [2/2]
NEWS0393-1   IceNEWS for March 1993 [1/2]
NEWS0393-2   IceNEWS for March 1993 [2/2]
NEWS0293-1   IceNEWS for February 1993 [1/2]
NEWS0293-2   IceNEWS for February 1993 [2/2]
NEWS1292     IceNEWS for December 1992
NEWS1192     IceNEWS for November 1992
NEWS1092     IceNEWS for October 1992
NEWS0992     IceNEWS for September 1992

     I  really  enjoyed my first attempt  at the Managing Editor position this
month.  Thanks again to everyone who  contributed and helped out. And remember
that  we are always looking for articles and/or ideas, so feel free to contact
myself or any other editor. Or better yet, subscribe to the "IceNEWS Beat" sub
(sub type ICENEWS - host @1). And now on with IceNEWS!

    ÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Letters To The Editors ³ Compiled By: Louie (6@1)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     The IceNEWS "Letters To The Editors" column is a forum for the readers to
express  their feelings, thoughts, or  opinions regarding IceNEWS. Please take
the time to write us regarding your feelings on IceNEWS and its contents, good
or  bad. We want to hear what you  have to say. Remember, IceNEWS is meant for
EVERYONE  in  IceNET and we need YOUR  input in order to maintain a successful
and respected publication.

                 Please address any remarks or questions to:

                        IceNEWS Letters To The Editors
                               c/o Louie, #6 @1
                           IceNEWS Editor-At-Large


Huey Dog, 1@6950, writes regarding IceNEWS:

     Accolades  on IceNEWS. My board is up 6  networks, and by far this is the
most professional and informative publication that I have had the privelege to
read! Thank you for your hard work!

     Also,  I would like to know if I could excerpt some of the articles (i.e.
your  article on handles) and post them on my board's local discussion. I feel
articles  such as that are informative for  both the sysop and the user alike,
and  the  user should have access to  it. I could put the newsletter available
for  downloading,  but I fear that some  of  the techno jargon that the sysops
understand  might intimidate the average user. Extracting articles that I feel
the  user  will find informative, helpful,  or just entertaining to read would
benefit all.

Again, thanks for a job well done!

Louie, 6@1 responds:

     Yes,  excerpting  articles out of an IceNEWS  issue is allowed for by the
IceNEWS  Staff.  All  that we ask if that  you  leave  in the authors name and
IceNET  address and a short credit that the article was taken from IceNEWS for
MM/YY (Month/Year).

     Also,  the  IceNEWS  Staff  encourages  sysops  to  make  IceNEWS  issues
available  to  their users in the  g-files  and/or transfer sections. We would
like  to  have a reader base as  large  as possible. We also encourage regular
users to write for IceNEWS whenever possible.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Malbee, 1@6301 writes regarding a WWIVnet/Internet gateway change:

     I  wanted to inform you and your  users that the WWIVnet Internet Gateway
Node  @510  (old  WWIVnet) will be changing  over  to @9023 WWIVnet due to the
re-structuring.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Secret Agent Man, 1@15269, writes regarding IceNEWS:

     Well,  I'd  just  like to say that  I  really enjoyed the last edition of
IceNEWS  (07/94 that is). The articles were very well written and informative.
Again,  another one of the great benefits of IceNET. Papa Bear's articles were
great,  and  the  OS/2  section was  a  good  addition  (I'm contemplating the
investment  in  OS/2  now). Looking forward to  the  next  issue, as it's like
reading  seven  great posts on seven  different subs. The taglines and strings
were great, and I'd like to share a few tags I saw recently...

"I'm sorry, were the voices in my head bothering you."
"If it wasn't for C, we'd all be using BASI, OBOL, and PASAL."

     Pretty  imaginative,  eh? Thanks again for  the  great effort you and the
staff are putting into this quality "elctronic publication".

    ÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄÄ


                      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ F E A T U R E   S T O R I E S ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Archivers... Which One Is Best? ³ Papa Bear (1@5079)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     Archivers...  They're an essential part of BBSing today. No BBS I've ever
visited  can  get  along without archives.  Mostly,  they're used for the file
transfer  section. But they can also be  used for many other applications such
as backing-up the BBS's files, preserving disk space for seldom used programs,
and more.

     Every so often, a heated debate will flare up in BBS-land about which one
is  *BEST*. Well, I'm here to help you decide for yourself which would be best
suited  for  you. I have done some tests  --  and the results will most likely
surprise  you.  I'll  also  offer  some  opinions  that  reflect  some  of the
intangible aspects of these programs.

     I  tested  using the newest version of  each program that I could find. I
also  used maximum compression on all of the programs that had such a setting.
(Speed is hardly a consideration anymore, except in one case, and we'll get to
that later)

     Lets get to it. I tested 9 programs, and here they are, using the format:
{(Chart identifier)} {Arc. name} {Version} {(Extension)} {Developer}

(!) ARC                 6.00   (.ARC)  System Enhancement Associates
(@) ARJ                 2.41a  (.ARJ)  Robert K Jung
(#) HAP&PAH             3.00   (.HAP)  Hamarsoft - Harald Feldmann
($) LHA                 2.55b  (.LZH)  Haruyasu Yoshizaki
(%) PAK                 2.10   (.PAK)  NoGate Consulting
(^) Squeeze It          1.08.3 (.SQZ)  J I Hammarberg
(&) UltraCompressor II  1.0{?} (.UC2)  Ad Infinitum Programs
(*) PKZIP               2.04g  (.ZIP)  PKWARE, Inc.
(-) Zoo                 2.1    (.ZOO)  Rahul Dhesi

[The ? for the version number for UC2 is because I couldn't find one]

     The  testing  took  place on 5  different  kinds of archives, as follows:
{[Chart identifier]} {No. files in arc.} - {total uncompresses size}

[1] 97 text files                      - 1,500,562 bytes
[2] 26 data files                      - 1,427,548 bytes
[3] 1 BIG text file                    - 1,678,337 bytes
[4] 1 BIG data file                    - 1,410,992 bytes
[5] Mixed data and text, various sizes - 1,637,404 bytes

     Here  is  the chart of how the  testing went. Each entry has two numbers.
The  first  number is the size of the  final archive for each type of data. In
this case, smaller is better.

     The  second  number is the percentage of  compression, if it says 25% and
the  original  file size was 100,000 bytes,  then the final file size would be
75,000 bytes. So here, the larger the number, the better.

            ³  [1]    ³     [2]    ³    [3]    ³    [4]   ³    [5]  ³
         ÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍµ
         (!)³764269   ³  1221626   ³  633295   ³  870588  ³ 1350310 ³
            ³ 49.0%   ³    14.4%   ³   60.4%   ³   38.2%  ³   17.5% ³
         ÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍµ
         (@)³624257   ³  1018320   ³  425697   ³  588143  ³ 1113209 ³
            ³ 58.4%   ³    28.6%   ³   74.6%   ³   58.3%  ³   32.0% ³
         ÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍµ
         (#)³521363   ³  1036803   ³  371865   ³  590311  ³ 1125593 ³
            ³ 65.2%   ³    27.3%   ³   77.8%   ³   58.1%  ³   31.2% ³
         ÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍµ
         ($)³630642   ³  1029630   ³  444987   ³  604625  ³ 1125312 ³
            ³ 57.9%   ³    57.8%   ³   73.4%   ³   57.1%  ³   31.2% ³
         ÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍµ
         (%)³653009   ³  1060599   ³  477287   ³  636336  ³ 1164962 ³
            ³ 56.4%   ³    25.7%   ³   71.5%   ³   54.9%  ³   28.8% ³
         ÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍµ
         (^)³619371   ³  1016825   ³  425373   ³  585386  ³ 1110656 ³
            ³ 58.7%   ³    28.7%   ³   74.6%   ³   58.5%  ³   32.1% ³
         ÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍµ
         (&)³546616   ³  1006922   ³  419000   ³  577086  ³ 1077628 ³
            ³ 63.5%   ³    29.4%   ³   75.0%   ³   59.1%  ³   34.1% ³
         ÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍµ
         (*)³623741   ³  1017266   ³  418665   ³  583832  ³ 1113326 ³
            ³ 58.4%   ³    28.7%   ³   75.0%   ³   58.6%  ³   32.0% ³
         ÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍØÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍµ
         (-)³631148   ³  1030693   ³  445118   ³  604762  ³ 1127622 ³
            ³ 57.9%   ³    27.7%   ³   73.4%   ³   57.1%  ³   31.1% ³
         ÍÍÍÏÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÏÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÏÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÏÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÏÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¾

     Now,  in  order  to  keep you from  having  to  bang your head over these
numbers, I have come up with a way to determine a clear "winner". I assigned 8
points  to the program that compressed the most,  7 for the one that was next,
and  so on until the program that compressed  the least -- which got 0 points.
Since  there are 5 categories, a perfect score would be 8*5 or 40 points. Here
are those results. Hold on to your hats! Chances are your program didn't win!

1st - 37 points: UltraCompressor II 1.0       6th - 17 points: LHA 2.55b
2nd - 31 points: Squeeze It 1.08.3            7th - 11 points: Zoo 2.1
3rd - 30 points: PKZIP 2.04g                  8th - 5 points : Pak 2.10
4th - 25 points: HAP&PAH 3.00                 9th - 0 points : ARC 6.00
5th - 24 points: ARJ 2.41a

     Yep,  you got it, the UC2 format is  clearly the best in terms of overall
compression.  But  normal archives normally do  not  include just data or text
files, but a mixture of files. So the last column in the chart is actually the
most  telling for a BBS sysop. If you  were to consider that only, the ranking
falls slightly differently, as follows:

1st - UltraCompressor II 1.0                  6th - HAP&PAH 3.00
2nd - Squeeze It 1.08.3                       7th - Zoo 2.1
3rd - ARJ 2.41a                               8th - Pak 2.10
4th - PKZIP 2.04g                             9th - ARC 6.00
5th - LHA 2.55b

     Like I said, surprising, no?

     Now  for  some  personal "awards" -- these  are  based on things that the
archiver does, or has to offer, that do not affect its compression:

Most configurable    - ARJ 2.41a
Fastest              - UltraCompressor II 1.00 [by far!]
Easiest to configure - UltraCompressor II 1.00
"Prettiest"          - UltraCompressor II 1.00
Slowest              - HAP&PAH 3.00  [I almost fell asleep waiting on this]
Least configurable   - Zoo 2.1
Least Flexible       - Zoo 2.1
Most confusing       - ARJ 2.41a [can be overwhelming in its configurability]
Most online help     - UltraCompressor II 1.00
Most popular         - PKZIP 2.04g [shame, too, there are better...]

     As  an aside... I just got UC2 *last  night*. I had heard of it via SHEZ,
but  didn't  know  what  it was. If  that  program  is any indication of where
archivers  are headed, then the future looks  especially bright. It truly is a
great little program. Too bad no one really uses it...

     I  used SHEZ 10.0 to handle all of these conversions. I think SHEZ is one
of  the  best  compression  shells around. For  the  record,  I  had to do ARC
manually because it kept bombing out under SHEZ.

     UC2,  HAP&PAH, and Squeeze It all did things okay, until they reached the
archives  with  large numbers of files in  the archive. At that point they all
caused  SHEZ to simply quit. I simply reloaded SHEZ and picked up where I left
off.

     Well  that  is  it.  I hope you  got  something  from  this. All of these
programs  (and more!) are available here *shameless plug time* at 510-522-3583
(ASV). I appreciate any comments that you may have on this matter.

    ÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ How to Maintain a Good On-Line Story Sub-board ³ Louie (6@1)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     On-Line story subs (sub-boards) are a fairly common sight in the WWIVland
community.  They  are run on many, many BBSes.  But rarely do you see them run
properly.  Normally  they are just an  excuse to increase the post/call ratio,
users and sysops alike. The one-line post is most common on these boards where
they  are not run well. These are not really fun to read. They are only fun to
post-on if you don't have even moderately higher standards.

     But  how  do you fix these problems  or  prevent them before they happen?
Good question. And, to be honest, I doubt I really know the answer. But I will
give it a good shot at getting the answer in the rest of this article.

     Well,  first  thing to look into is  to  ask the question: Are story subs
ever  done  well? The answer is yes. I  have  seen story subs that were fun to
post-on and read.

     The  best place for them in the 716 area code is The Magician's Castle 4,
a  Hermes board run by Merlin the Magician.  MTM has been a BBSer and Sysop in
716  going on ten years now. (His board  is now the longest running BBS in 716
that  I know of.) Other places I has  seen good story subs where The Church of
Baseball  (now  a  defunct WWIVnet board) that  was  run by John Hardball, The
Kingdom  of  Renjivick (now defunct) that was run  by Eh ???, and The Far Side
BBS  (also  defunct)  that was run by Far  Side.  These last three we all WWIV
boards.

     Each one of those boards had one major thing in common: Great Users. Good
users  are something that are important for  just above every aspect of a BBS.
The  Sysop can be the best in the world but if there are no good users calling
the  board  then I wouldn't want to call  there. Of course, a great sysop will
know  how to attract good users. And MTM,  John, Eh ???, and Far Side were all
damn good sysops.

     But  what is the anatomy of a good  story board? Well, there are the good
users  who  know  how to post. Users  are  normally  involved in the fictional
story.  For example, on MC4 the setting is always the Castle. MTM is the Sysop
who  is  not  the  true power in charge  of  the  Castle. And then we use that
setting  to  all go on wild and  weird adventures. Other users are evil, good,
idiots, fools, highly intelligent, stupid, etc. MTM, for example is normally a
wizard who uses his magic poorly. You know, decides to caste a spell to make a
cheese sandwich and ends up blowing up the cat. All the users are involved.

     But,  this is important, users shouldn't abuse  the honor of being in the
story  to make themselves appear in the best light. I normally am very good at
putting myself down and often do that in the stories there.

     The  posts  are  rarely short one-line posts  as  well. A 20 line post is
pretty much the standard. Everybody adds a lot of text. 40+ line posts are not
uncommon  either. This is very important. When  the posts start to be one-line
the story sub will start to disintegrate. For example...

                1st User - And then Louie turned...
                2nd User - pink.  And he grew a...
                3rd User - third foot that was shaped like...
                1st User - a large telephone.

     See, that would be four separate posts. The first post should be at least
10  lines, followed by folks who complete  the whole thought they are supposed
to  form. They should not leave the  thought only part way done. Complete that
thought  and  then  add  some material  and  provide  the beginning of another
thought for the next person who reads the sub to finish themselves.

     The  stories  should be creative too.  The  unexpected, the weird, wacky,
crazy,  should  all be tried for all  the time. Originality also counts. Don't
try to make it just a copy of some movie or TV series. Creative Originality is
what your ultimate goal is with a story sub because that is what makes it fun.

     Always  remember  the "no foul language" rule  that is a general rule for
any  sub-board.  Besides,  foul  language  is  rarely,  if  ever,  original or
creative. Everybody has heard all the foul language before.

     The  sysop  should  always  try to keep  the  sub  moving.  As should any
cosysops and/or subops. This will make sure the sub doesn't "die" and became a
sub  that users rarely post on. The most  often there are new posts on the sub
the more interesting it will be. Again, this is a general rule of running good
subs, but it especially applies to a story sub, so I point it out.

     Good  users  who know what the idea of  the  story sub will help out even
more  than  the  sysop. Sysops often intimidate  and  scare  new users. But if
newbies see regular users posting then they will at least try to post there as
well.  And they will not have to be told  of the rules of the sub because they
will be copying what other users are doing.

     A  good  story sub-board is something to  remember. To me, the good story
subs have been some of the highlights of my bbsing career. Right up there with
my  memories of the original Wing Ding planning, or lack thereof, my first bbs
picnic,  arguments  about Vietnam on IBM Temple  (we were all set to kill each
other),  IceNETs  start,  Pipers Parties, etc.  All  are great memories... and
COB's Story Sub and MC4's Story Subs have been some of those memories.

     On-line  story's  should always be a  local, non-networked, sub. Net subs
have  a built in delay factor and story subs must be continuous. If one person
was  to continue a story on board X, and another continued from the same point
on  board Y, then everything gets confused. Not that confusion a bad thing for
a  story,  but it must be a  controlled confusion. Uncontrolled confusion is a
bad thing. The people on the sub have to know that they can continue the story
without  having  to worry that someone else on  another board took it off in a
whole different direction. So, always have a story sub be a localized sub.

     I really don't think I answered much in this piece. But maybe it contains
some  good  advice  about  some aspects of  story  subs  for others around the
country.

        Good posting.

    ÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ BBSers Bad Rap ³ Will Crawford (1@6754)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     The  reputation  of the BBSing public  (between 15 and 30 million people,
depending  on  who's estimates you decide to  listen  to and whether the major
online  services are factored into the equation), never good to begin with, is
going  downhill  fast.  As recently as a  few  short  months ago, mention of a
computer  bulletin board service to a non-user would probably earn you nothing
more  than  a blank look, or a polite  inquiry.  Now, more often then not, the
recipient will shy away, or offer the dreaded comment "You're a hacker, then?"

     In  reality, the "hacker" (and related "k00l hackerz d00dz") stigmata has
been with us since the dawn of BBSing. What has accelerated the decline of the
general  image  of  BBS  users, are the  recent  (and  not so recent) cases of
pederests   who've   been  stalking  their   victims  over  computer  networks
(ironically, this mainly takes place on large systems, such as Compuserve, the
Internet,  or  large multi line systems  such  as Boston's Channel One). While
I've only seen a few cases of this actually having occurred (going by the news
reports  and newspaper articles, there have only been a handful of arrests for
this  - maybe a dozen culprits), the  media and public opinion in general have
had the effect of simply blowing the entire issue far out of proportion.

     The  Boston  Herald (a local newspaper  with a high circulation, and news
content  that waffles between respectability and  the New York Post) published
an article on BBS pederests a few months ago, with the lead in on the cover of
their  high  circulation Sunday issue. The  article  was written with a "let's
sell  newspapers"  slant  -  by someone  who  was  interested in inflating the
problem  to  a sensationalistic degree. The  article  gave "advice" to people,
especially  kids,  on avoiding the "high" risk  of this activity on BBSes. The
article   encouraged  people,  among  other  things,  to  never  divulge  real
information on age or address to BBSes that you called.

     Of  course,  being a Sysop myself, I  felt the immediate backlash of this
irresponsible  journalism  almost immediately. When I  was validating a set of
new  user  accounts the next night,  I  encountered several with blank address
fields and ages that certainly did not correlate with the writing style of the
validation  emails that were sent along with them. Over the course of the next
week, more than one validation email contained the phrase "I can't give you my
name  or  age  because my parents told me  not  to." While things seem to have
dropped  back to normal (and user honesty)  more than one other area sysop had
the same experience.

     Renewed  interest  in file pirating activity  by both the law enforcement
agencies  and the general public have increase image-degradation on that front
as  well. To most non-BBSers, the image of a BBS user or sysop has been shaped
by   the  nightly  news,  "Dateline  NBC,"   and  the  tabloids  such  as  the
aforementioned  Boston  Herald. From their point  of view (that is, the media)
this  makes  sense  - they sell a  lot  of advertising with "reports" on those
awful  BBSers  and  doing a good segment or  an  article on the huge number of
strictly up-and-up BBSes just wouldn't be cost effective. However, it's shaped
a  public  conception  of an underworld full  of  hackers who spend their time
breaking into corporate computer systems and pirates who can't spell and spend
their time downloading commercial software and heavily pornographic images.

     Even  though  almost  every  BBS operates  on  strictly  legal ground (of
course,  estimates  on  the  number of  BBS  systems  participating in illegal
activities  are obviously inaccurate, and - depending a lot on who you talk to
-  recent numbers are considerably lower than earlier estimates), and there is
a  seeming average of one pederest to between one and two million BBSers, this
image degradation continues. What needs to be done?

     The  entire "underground civilization" of BBSes and BBS users needs to be
brought  more into the open. Popular conceptions  are out of line with reality
and the media, which is responsible for this, needs to bring itself into check
and  provide a more equal level of  coverage. It's amazing what a few positive
spots  on  a  TV network newsmagazine or  a  well  placed article in a popular
magazine  of newspaper can do to public  opinion. The "Living" section of your
local  newspaper  may  be the place to  start.  BBSing needs to be accepted as
acceptable.

    ÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ What REALLY Happened At WWIVCon '94 ³ Louie (6@1)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     Last  month we heard from Jim (1@1) about what he saw, heard and did down
at WWIVcon '94 in New Orleans. Well, Jim is a nice guy and all that, but we at
the  IceNEWS  Staff Central Headquarters (located  on  the 13th of the Massive
Nunn  Building  in Spacious Downtown Springville, NY  - Hummm... is there is a
Downtown  in Springville?) thought that all the great Unwashed of IceNET (that
is  you  (-: hehehe) would love to hear  about WWIVcon '94 from a lot of other
folks who went to it.

     So,  I put out the word that I  wanted to know about everything that went
on  at  WWIVcon '94 on all the  sysop  subbies. Lots of submissions about what
went  on at WWIVcon were recieved. Lots of submissions were also forced out of
people  by  the "IceNEWS Enforcement Staff". We  also got a lot of confessions
about things like bodies that are buryed in basements, folks cheating on their
spouses,  and people that went off their  diets for short periods of time. All
those  that confussed to double murders in Southern Calf. have had their names
turned over to the LAPD. :-) hehehe

     Well,  before  we  proceed with the  submissions  from  other folks about
WWIVcon '94 let me just say that the Fearless Leader of WWIVland, Random, said
that  "nothing scandalous occured" at WWIVcon. I would like to thank our great
leader  for  responding  to  my e-mail  about  WWIVcon,  unlike  certain Group
Coordinators  in Texas that seem to enjoy their "Z"ap Mail commands. They know
who  they are. And let me just say Afronts to the Power of IceNEWS will not be
tolerated!!  The "IceNEWS Enforcement Staff"  was dispatched to Texas recently
to deal with the "rebels". (-: ha ha (very evil laugher) ha ha! :-)

     Now, on with the short pieces about what went down at WWIVcon '94!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here it is for you...      Parapuke #1 @18251 [WWIVLink]

     Sorry  if this sounds technical but that is  the way I write since I have
spent years writing medico-legal documents for work.... (grin)

     As  one  of  only  two  people  who  have  attended  every  national WWIV
get-togethers,  including  the  WWIV  Practice  Bash  in  Terre Haute, Indiana
(1991), WWIVLink Bash I in St Louis (1992), Missouri and WWIVLink Bash in Lake
of  the Ozarks, Missouri (1993), I felt I HAD to go to the first MultiNet WWIV
Get-together, WWIVCon 1994 in New Orleans.

     As  representatives  for WWIV of  Terre Haute, Indiana, myself (Parapuke)
and  M Mouse, my wife arrived in New Orleans at about 14:00 at the Comfort Inn
on  Gravier Street in downtown NO. After battling for a parking space, finally
having  to  settle for a parking garage,  we  entered the lobby, there to find
some  old  friend and some new  friends.  Linwood Davis from Helena, Arkansas,
Walking Man, Lovely Lois from New Orleans, Louisiana, Filo and his family from
Texas, were all there.

     Almost immediately, I had to leave to pick up Sky and Red Silver who were
flying  in  from Bristol, Tennessee and had  a wonderful time learning the New
Orleans  airport  since no one had told  up what flight nor even airlines they
were coming in on! (grin). After finding them we left the airport and Linwood,
who  had been in New Orleans on  several occasions, drove us around showing us
the  sights  of  the French Quarter,  a  beautifully maintained section of the
downtown  area, dating back to the  late 1700's, early 1800's. Narrow streets,
balconies, and wonderful courts/gardens were the things that most stood out.

     After  returning to the hotel, we were met by many more people whom I had
yet  to  meet, including Wild Munchkin  and  her friend from Montreal, Quebec,
Lorelei,  Jim Nunn from New York (and IceNET), the group from Toronto, Canada,
Jafo  from California, Lil Sis and Big  Sis from Fulton Missouri, Tolkein from
St  Louis,  Missouri, Jim Wire, Wayne Bell  (Random) and his FULL beard!, from
Californian,  Sam  from Texas, etc, etc. I could  go  on from many pages but I
will stop there...

     We  had a get-together that evening  renewing old aquaintances and making
new friends from across both the country and the world. The evening ended in a
walk  over to Bourbon Street and the nightlife there, the group of 15 or so we
were   with  stopping  at  "Rhythms",  a  Blues  club  on  Bourbon  with  live
entertainment. Others went to other clubs and sights, an overall good time.

     The  next  day, the meetings started  with  information coming on several
aspects  of  WWIV,  including  information coming  from  Wayne  Bell as to the
origins  of  WWIV,  a round-table on  Networking,  and  another round table on
developments  on  WWIV  4.24 with several members  of  the WWIV Beta Team with
information  on  how things are coming as  well as suggestions given on future
developments  within  the WWIV structure. Lunch was  Italian for a group of us
with  supper  being Italian/Cajun, getting to  try  Turtle Soup (reminds me of
Vegetable Beef Soup) and Crab Fingers.

     The  night was spent on both more  socializing as well as some trips back
to Bourbon Street.

     For  me personally, after returning from  Bourbon Street, the rest of the
night  and  into  the next morning was  spent  in the hotel lounge in friendly
conversation  and  inbibing until after  sunup  with several sysops/users from
around  the  country, including a new face,  Missing Link and Mad Man, both of
Louisiana,  and  Mithrandir of Michigan, ending  for  me at about 07:30 Sunday
morning.

     After the nearly IMPOSSIBLE task of waking up for 10:00 meetings, we were
introduced  to  a representative demonstrating the  use  of LAN Networking and
further  meetings, including Wayne Bell  releasing autographed disks with WWIV
v1.0  as  well as releases of Beta  versions of DirectMail, a new utility from
Sky.  Awards  were  then  handed out  in  many  categories  including furthest
distance,  closest  distance, youngest and  oldest  sysops in attendance, most
likely  to end up in divorce (attending WWIVCon on his anniversary WITHOUT his
wife!),  the  networks' UGLIEST Sysop (Linwood  will hold the crown for life),
and  others  as well as thanks  to  Group Coordinators, Zone Coordinators, and
Area  Coordinators  from  many  networks.  Throughout  all  the  meetings  and
get-togethers,  there  were  door prizes handed  out,  primarily thanks to Red
Silver  and Sky who own "Expect a Miracle" Shop in Bristol, Tennessee (blatant
plug). T-Shirts, Mugs, Plaques, Books, etc. were all handed out.

     After  the  convention ended, a group of us,  Lil and Big Sis (who ARE MY
sisters),  and M Mouse went to the famous Mausoleums of New Orleans, the above
ground cemeteries and walked around, seeing the sights. We left New Orleans at
15:00,  arriving  back at Terre Haute at  06:30 Monday morning, there to sleep
the sleep of the living dead until later in the afternoon......

report submitted by
Parapuke, 1@18251  Zone Coordinator 4, WWIVLink

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WWIVcon/94, the mother of all conventions!  Wild Munchkin #1 @15490 [WWIVLink]

What I remember of WWIVcon/94 in New Orleans.
July 1-July 3, 1994.

     What an event! What a city! What a crowd!

     I would first like to say thank you to all those who helped organize this
year's event. Filo, Linwood Davis, Red Silver, Wayne Bell and all local sysops
in  LoUiSiAna,  namely Walking Man and  Lios (?), Towlhead (you'll be missedd)
and many, MANY others.

     You'll  forgive  me if I forget to  mention  your name, but there were so
many  GREAT  people that I met, and by  the  second day most people had either
lost their name tags or switched them with fellow WWIV'ers.

     My  fondest  memory  of this year's  convention  (my  first), was FINALLY
getting  to meet my former Group Coordinator,  Filo. The *only* reason I voted
against Canada forming our own Group (20) was because we wouldn't be under the
leadership  and  guidance  of WWIV's finest. (not  to  mention I think Group 4
has/had the best (& sexiest) overall sysops in the network).

     Oh  oh, now Graham Mainwarning will be mad at me. He made it! It was nice
to  meet  you finally, even though Ottawa &  Montreal are only 2 hours away. I
guess  something can be said for  WWIVcon bringing people closer together, eh?
At  least Canada was represented by you and I, and one Toronto board with whom
I didn't even get a chance to talk with.

     BTW,  Richard  and  I finally made it  to  the Aquarium (and a Swamp Boat
ride) on the last day of our trip. His hangover was gone by then!

     Filo  and  I  had plans to meet 1  1/2  years  ago, when I visited Sam in
Texas,  but alas, things happened and we  couldn't. Being one that believes in
fate,  I  think  it was meant to be that  he  and  I would finally meet at the
convention.

     Not  only  did we meet, but I got  the HUG and DANCE he promised me years
ago!  Filo: I enjoyed our dance tremendously, but don't give up your "day" job
as  far  as imitating The Platters) ;) It  was great to finally get to talk to
you  at  length  about  YOU, your beginnings  with  WWIV,  and of course, your
viewpoints  on  many  BBS subjects. Next time  though,  I hope we have time to
"cover" the BBS stuff and talk about real-life. :)

     It  was  also an honour to meet  Mrs.  Filo (Grace? I'm losing my memory,
sorry  can't  remember her first name at the  moment).  I spoke with her a few
times  during the weekend and thanked her "from all of us" for putting up with
Filo's  lengthy hours spent online replying to our inquiries! She is truly one
classy lady.

     WHERE  DO  I  GET MORE T-SHIRTS and HATS??  Where  do I get a copy of the
various  VIDEOS  that  were taken? Where do  I  get the .GIFs that'll be made?
Where  do I pick up copies of other  people's PICTURES? And where do I sign up
for NEXT YEAR's convention?

     It  was  also a pleasure meeting many  of the sysops that I've written to
over  the  years,  and read their posts. Some  of  'em  even knew me :) (Allen
Turner the voyeur...er...lurker I mean!)

     Sam:  It  was  super to see you  again  sweetie. You looked GREAT in that
black  hat,  even though it made you  *that*  much taller. Great shots at pool
too,  even on the 2nd night when we were all pretty much fried. Well, at least
Richard  and I and H20 Doc and Erotica  were. BTW just where *did* you and Ms.
Erotica disappear too??? [grin]. I feel better knowing the security guard with
note  pad in hand was around to keep  you guys outta harm's way. You know, New
Orleans  has  it's  deviant elements too!  I  wouldn't  want anything NASTY to
happen to you! [wicked grin]

     H20  Doc: What can I say? We came, we  saw, we left. Too bad there was no
"we  concurred" in there, eh? BTW I still have  the 50› you lost to me in that
bet...I shall treasure it always my friend. Now do you think we could convince
you  and Erotica to leave Austin and come  up to Montreal for a visit? Perhaps
the  next  WWIVcon??  But next time  you  negotiate *my* striptease with *me*,
okay?.  What do you think Richard is?? My  pimp? I think you've spent too much
time  playing  Pimpwars and Studettes, darling.  Besides  that, it wouldn't be
fair  to  Erotica  because $50 U.S. means  more  for  *me* than her because of
Canadian  exchange  rates! [wicked grin]  (Aren't  you happy 4Filo's daughter
didn't get any of that evening on video??)

     Parapuke was a hoot, (voted best looking bare feet in the bar) and it was
fun to hang around Bourbon Street with him, Lil' Sis, Big Sis, and the rest of
that  gang. Red Silver always had a smile  for us, even though she didn't pick
*my*  name outta the "hat" for any of the door prizes. Speaking of doorprizes,
it  was  very  gracious of those  Programmers  and individuals who contributed
"stuff" for our doorprizes.

     Sexy  Lady(?)  and a few others kept  me  up drinking all night! At least
Linwood  had  the southern hospitality to invite a  few  of us up to his suite
(only  to  get hassled by security)! Thank  Goodness things never close in New
Orleans,  and  we  found a place to  try  those  Beignets! (Talk about a sugar
overdose  tho). Linwood, do you think I'd still make a "fine" Southern girl? I
still think I'm too *good* to be a "good" Southern Girl..what do y'all think?)

     Do  me  a favor for next year's  convention, don't plan any early morning
sessions,  and do NOT make the con longer than the weekend...I don't think I'd
be able to take those 6am nights for much longer than that!

     I'd  like to say hi to Sparky and  his wife (he never shut-up long enough
for  her  and I to talk), and it's  really too bad about their car being towed
away...seems  in New Orleans, even the Police can steal cars! At least you got
in  back,  and thanks to Eric(?) (whoa, what  a  cutie) for driving you to the
cop-shop to get it.

     Seems  Tolkien  didn't  stop "drinking" long  enough  to  talk to anyone.
Rumour  has it, he was seen coming out  of his hotel room at 6am, Margarita in
hand,  ready to check out and start  back home... Good job his driving-partner
got a few hours of sleep - we are told :)

     There  were  quite a few of WWIV's  women in attendance too. They floored
quite  a  few good questions to Wayne  in  the modding session. But of course,
they would. Hi to White Queen and all fellow FemmeNet sysops.

     Oh  and  then  there was this guy with  a  reddish beard. He seemed to be
speaking  about  new features for 4.24. He  was giving away diskettes with the
first  version of WWIV on it... what  was his name again? Wayne something... I
wonder  why  people  were lining up to get  him  to  sign their copies of this
diskette... hmm.... you Americans are strange sometimes. :) (BTW Wayne Bell: I
can  barely  make  out your last name  on  *my* copy...) [grin] Would you even
CONSIDER  flying to Montreal for a future convention?? ... we have better bars
than New Orleans! - and it ain't *that* hot!

     Red  Silver  and  Sky  (whoa  another  cutie)  had  great  timing. As the
convention  was winding down, and everyone  was getting teary-eyed from saying
their  "farewells," she jumped out from the elevator with her water pistol and
soaked  us. Thank you sunshine, we really *did* need that. (Sorry I missed the
day-after BBQ at Walking Man's house, but Richard and I really had to do a bit
of  driving in our rental car...besides that, it was too hard to say "goodbye"
in  the  hotel  lobby, that I couldn't  bare  anymore...- ditto to H20 Doc and
Erotica  who we didn't get to say  farewell too. - Don't worry, there's always
NEXT year!

     All  in  all, a good time was had  by all. WILD Munchkin's Castle was the
recipient  of  a couple of awards, and  nominated (probably by Panda) for best
WWIV  sysop. Thank you to those who voted  for me...altho I know Sam and Panda
were the only ones) Filo: About my "Good Humor" Award - don't you know that in
Canada, we spell it humoUr??? [grin]

     Again,  I  would  like  to thank  everyone  for  making this convention a
success  and  it's really too bad ALL of  you couldn't have made it this year.
Start  saving up NOW for next year, because you will NOT regret it! - That's a
promise!

     It was great meeting all of you... as we say here in Montreal:

     A la prochaine! Until next time...because I hate goodbyes - farewell.

TTYL,

WILD Munchkin

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Re: WWIVcon  Snake #1 @9353

     Well,  Cali  and  I just got back Monday,  and  I just woke up from sheer
exhaustion. My impressions of New Orleans is that it had been 10 years since I
had been in a city, and it will probably be another 10 until I go back. It was
interesting  to  visit  Bourbon street, and  see  the sights. The above ground
cemetery was strange.

     For  the most part, I was shocked with what the south looked like. It was
nothing  of what I envisioned it. I would have never thought of Mississippi as
a  big  pine  forest.  Of course, I could  tell  that  I  was a foreigner down
there....I know how to use my turn signals.

     The  sysops  that I met were all friendly,  and  it was nice to put faces
with  the names. I was surprised by the number of sysops that attended, that I
had never heard of. I guess that they don't post on the same subs that I do. I
was  please  that  I would get along with  some  of the sysops that I have had
disagreements  with  on some of subs. We  had always kept the disagreements to
the  discussion of facts, and when we met in person, we ended up becoming very
good friends.

     I  am  not  used to bars that stay open  all  night, but I am sure that I
could try (g). I did better than some, in that I never got hung over, but sure
tried hard.

     I  leave WWIVCon with fond memories  and friendships that I will continue
for a long time.

                                                Snake

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WWIVcon 94, The True Story...    Walking Man #1 @5426

     Or, as Jack Webb would say, "Just the Facts".

     There  has been several "reports" on the events of WWIVcon 94, now is the
time for the truth to come out (at least, the truth the way I saw it).

     I  will  not attempt to mention everyone  that was there, the list itself
would  probably exceed the network limits. I will, however mention some of the
more memorial occurrences.

     First, of course, was Filo and his lovely daughter and her equally lovely
friend.  They  took  a mini-cam and went  around  "interviewing"  a lot of the
sysops  in  attendance. I can see that both  of  these ladies have a future in
broadcast journalism.

     Then there was "the other WM". Wild Munchkin and I have exchanged mail on
several  occasions concerning confusion about our initials. Well, although she
does  not know it, I may just have to change my alias. Anyone as lovely as her
deserves  any  alias  or  initials she wants,  just  as  a reward for being so
pulchritudinous  (don't bother Linwood, dictionaries  in Arkenstone don't have
words like that).

     M.  Mouse and Red Silver! What can I say. Lovely Lois wanted to go to the
convention,  if only to see her boyfriend,  Linwood Davis, but she was worried
about  not knowing anyone else there. You two  took her and make her feel like
she  was right at home (I tried to tell her that she would find friends there,
and you proved it).

     H2O  Doc and Erotika. Two of the  friendliest people I have ever met. (Of
course,  I  did  get  a look from  Erotika  when  she and Lois were exchanging
address  so they could mail each other and I asked them if they had ever heard
of E-Mail. They just said it was something a man would never understand.)

     Big  Sis and Lil Sis. The only thing  I can't understand about you two is
how such can such nice people have a brother like Parapuke.

     Well,  enough  about  people (did you  notice  I  did not mention several
people,  we  will get to them), let's  talk  about the events. (Not the events
that  were listed in the program, but the other events. I think they were more
"interesting".)

     (Ya see Parapuke, I didn't lie about everything....(G))

     Friday  morning  I arrived at the hotel  to  find a lot of people already
there.  A lot of them were in  the restaurant finishing breakfast. I went over
and sat introduced myself and had a glass of tea. Soon we went to the lobby to
see who else was going to show up.

     Well,  around  lunch  time  several people  said  they  were going to get
something to eat and asked me if I wanted to join them. I told them that I was
going  to  wait for Linwood (something about  sitting  across a table from him
makes  my  dieting easier) since I KNEW that  he  was in the area and would be
joining us soon.

     Sure enough, at about 1PM here he comes carrying several bags and smiling
brightly.  As he entered, Filo asked me if I would care to do the interview of
the esteemed Mr. Davis.

     Well,  after  asking Mr. Davis a  few  simple and very innocent questions
(soon  to  be available on tape), he got  this "I'm gonna get you" look in his
eyes and you could almost hear the gears turning in his head.

     After  the delightful and informative interview,  I asked him if he would
care  to  have  lunch since I was  slowly  starving to death (does anyone ever
rapidly  starve to death?). He agreed, but then fate stepped in via Para- puke
(I bet you thought I forgot about you).

     Parapuke  suddenly runs up with a message for Linwood telling him that he
has to go to the airport and pick up Sky and Red Silver (I am not sure if they
were in on this plot) at 1:30.

     Well,  by this time there are several  people around who want to register
for  the  convention  and even more who  were  registered, but have not gotten
their  badges yet. All the forms and badges  are in these bags that Linwood is
carrying  around  with him. Well, he (in  a brilliant performance) ask me if I
would  take care of the registration while he  and Parapuke make a mad dash to
the  airport. In my complete innocence I  agreed telling him that I would have
lunch when I was finished and we would get together for dinner.

     Well,  he handed me all the necessary forms and badges and disappeared. I
open  the box with the badges and low and behold it is exactly what he said it
was  (I will not call him a liar, unlike what others have implied about me), a
box full of badges in no order at all.

     Here  I  have several people who want  to fill out the forms and register
and  12,345 people who are registered wanting their badges (I don't lie, but I
may  exaggerate a bit). The people who have  to fill out the forms natu- rally
don't  have  a pen between them (a  pen  is something that people without word
processors  use  to  place marks on paper  in  order to communicate with other
people),  and trying to sort out the badges reminded me of Alexander the Great
the Gordian Knot.

     Finally,  at 2:05 I get that sorted out, and told people that I was going
to  the  restaurant,  and if anyone else  needed  anything, they could meet me
there.

     THE RESTAURANT CLOSES FROM 2 TILL 5!!!!!!!

     Here  I  am, weak from hunger, carrying  around a ton of forms and badges
wondering what can happen next.

     I  again  park myself in the lobby  to  greet people and begin the hercu-
lean  of putting the badges in some sort  of order (while chaos rules the rest
of  the  lobby)  and,  after  what  seems  like  hours  I  get  them in almost
alphabetical order (A, B, C, T, works for me).

     M.  Mouse has come down several times to ask if they had returned yet and
several  others were expressing concern about the amount of time it was taking
them to go to the airport and back. I was just thinking about calling taking a
ride  myself to see if perhaps they had  broken down or something and had just
asked Filo to handle the new registrations.

     About that time, Linwood, Parapuke, Red Silver and Sky come in.

     "Where  the heck (I do remember the rule about foul language on this sub,
but  I don't follow it in real life, so you may choose any expletive you think
will fit) have you been?" I asked Linwood.

     "Oh, we stopped for a bite to eat and drove through the French Quarter on
the way back." He replied.

     And that, my friends, is how Linwood stole my lunch.

Walking Man

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WWIV Con '94 Report   Linwood Davis #1 @15100 [WWIVLink]

WWIV Con '94 was a huge success!

     Whenever WWIVers get together, you can be assured it will be interesting.
This  gathering  was  certainly no exception.  There  was some new information
passed   around,   including   a  glimpse  into   the   new  features  of  the
not-yet-released  WWIV  4.24, and hints at  the possibility of using satellite
feeds for WWIV transmissions. I'll let others discuss those things; I was more
interested  in  the  people.  Space  (and my  memory)  do  not  permit  a full
discussion of everyone there, so I'll just mention a few at random (pardon the
pun).

     First  of all, Wayne Bell has a new  beard--at least it's new to those of
us who haven't seen him since the '92 Bash in St. Louis.

     Filo  is  just the same--some  comforting  stability in the fast-changing
world  of cyberspace. He has a charming  wife, and his daughter and her friend
busied   themselves  with  hat  and  shirt  sales--and  with  beautifying  the
surroundings. Obviously his daughter got her looks from her mother. ;-)

     Jim  Nunn  (Ice)  is  a  mountain of  a  man,  but  soft-spoken, and very
interesting  to  visit with in person. As  all of you already know, he's quite
bright  and knows stuff I don't even  have questions for. Interesting man, and
those of you who weren't able to go to the Con missed getting to meet him.

     Tolkien  was there, of course, and gave me a hard time because I couldn't
immediately  put his name with his face. I  think he wanted to put my name and
face  together--in the dumpster out back--but he was ultimately nice about it.
His  collection of software is now available from WWIV Software Services. He's
a  great programmer, of course, and a  really interesting person. Wish I could
borrow a double dose of his "slender." [G]

     Lorelei  and  her husband are both very  nice  people. She's a lot better
looking  than  him,  of  course. I just  found  out  I've been within shouting
distance  of her house several times in '94--but didn't know it. The next time
I go to Dallas, though...

     The Canadians were well-represented, of course, but I was lucky enough to
get  to spend some time with WILD  Munchkin and WILD Munchkin's Better Half. I
got to introduce them to the wonders of beignets (French donuts) and coffee at
the  Cafe  du Monde in the French  Quarter--and to Shoney's breakfast bar. I'm
not  going to take time here to explain how much trouble they and Parapuke and
Sam tried to get me into earlier in the night. [g]

     Parapuke  is always a fun guy to be around, and I got to meet his sisters
as  well.  They  look  a  LOT better than  he,  of  course,  and M Mouse (Mrs.
Parapuke) is a candidate for sainthood after putting up with him for all these
years.

     I *finally* got to meet Sky and Red Silver; Parapuke and I picked them up
at  the  airport, and we spent a lot of  time  with them at the Con. Sky is as
bright  as you thought he was, and Red Silver is truly a Wise One. I think I'm
going to ask them to adopt me. I'd even promise to be good.

     H2O  Doc and Erotika were also great  "finds" at the Con. He's a terrific
guy,  of  course, and when you look  up "cute" in your dictionary, you'll find
her picture. Nice folks!

     Then  there are the City Slickers--Madman and Walking Man. They're two of
the  best  friends  I  have in the world;  that  should  give  you an idea how
desperate my life is these days. ;-)

     Walking  Man's  wife,  Lovely  Lois, is  truly  lovely,  and as sweet and
wonderful  a  lady as I have ever known.  I'm hopelessly in love, of course. I
admit  it.  But  Walking  Man is my friend,  so  I  won't lie about it. I *am*
raising  money  to hire a hit man to dispose  of Walking Man. I hate to do it,
but  it has to be done. We are going to provide the very best New Orleans jazz
funeral  marching band for the very best  funeral money can buy (after all, he
is my dear friend--nothing but the best for him).

     You  will  soon  be reading some  vicious  attacks and distortions of the
truth  written  by one or both of  these  nefarious types. Please be warned in
advance that these are coming.

     WWIV Con '94 was great! I can't wait until next year.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WWIVcon   Dr Diversity #1 @8400

     WWIVcon  - the event of the year sponsored completely by Jim 1@1. He felt
that since he was rich and loaded with money, he'd offer to pay everyone's way
and treat them to a fantastic time! NOT! (grin)

     Well,  let  me  start with my little  escapade  on getting to the WWIVcon
before I tell you about the 'con itself.

     It all started a heck of a long time ago when I made plans to go. I asked
a  couple of other local SysOps to come along and they promptly agreed...until
a  few months later. I figured, no big deal because I've got other friends who
will  go. They cancelled too. Well, it was about this time when my car decided
to  take  a vacation from working properly  so I was getting a little worried.
Right around the tuesday before the 'con, I got a call from Sandman (yeah, the
one way the heck over in Utah) and he stopped by Virginia to pick me up. (Just
a couple thousand miles out of his way!)

     The  trip down to Columbia to pick up Morgul and Benny Hill went well. It
was  fast  and there was only one real  problem  (aside from the fact that the
power went off in a fast food store just as Sandman was about to order). After
that  the trip got a little long. We pulled over once to take a cat nap to get
refreshed.  After  all, who wants to get to  a  hotel at 5am when the check in
isn't until 3pm?) I really think this is where I picked up my cold.

     The  'con was great. I met most of  the people I've talked to a whole lot
and  met  a  couple I've only heard of.  I  was quite pleased to meet them all
nonetheless.

     The  first night consisted mostly of spending time walking around Bourbon
Street.  It was rumored that Wayne could be found walking into every bar there
was  on  the  street (and there were a  lot!).  Jim took it a little easier (I
think)  because  I  ended up spending a few  late  hours with him and a couple
others  up  in his room. He even called  his board and FORCED everyone to chat
with Louie who was watching over the system! (Grin)

     The  second day was a little more laid  back. We had a couple of lectures
and  believe it or not, we let the beta  team off easy by not asking a million
questions.  (BTW,  Christmas must be  Wayne's favorite holiday...he said Merry
Christmas  every  time he met someone...oh yeah,  he also said Happy Easter. I
guess  he likes holidays.) That night Sandman,  Morgul, and I took it easy. We
were  tired from missing sleep so we figured we'd relax in the room. It turned
out that we all ended up in the bar until late. (Grin)

     Unfortunately  there was a bad storm in our route for the trip home so we
missed  Sunday's  events. That's not all that  bad considering we made it home
early Monday morning without any problems. The worst part was that Sandman and
I  were  doing okay until after we dropped  off  Benny Hill and Morgul. We got
quite tired (after 18 hours of driving/riding).

     I  know  I didn't say much about the  'con but there was so much going on
(and  I'm  still  fighting  a bad head  cold)  that  I  don't remember it all.
(Although there were a couple of interesting shops along Bourbon Street.)

     All  in  all,  the whole thing was great  and  I  was pleased to have met
everyone.  For those of you who haven't met Jim, he's TALL. If you can imagine
Santa  Claus  with red hair and a shorter  red  beard, you're not too far off.
(hehehe)

    ÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄÄ


                        ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ W W I V - S P E C I F I C ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Networking Utilities & The WW4NET Change Over ³ Ima Moron (1@9661)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     As  the  writer  of this article I  must  admit that I've never needed an
outside method of communicating with my subboard subscribers until the WWIVNet
node number change over. In that situation I wished that I'd sooner learned of
the two utilities that I'm writing about below.

     LINK36B1.ZIP, the archived version of linker.exe is a utility that allows
multiple network packets to be transferred with one phone call. FAST100.ZIP Is
a  network  mail utility that allows  multiple  network E-mails, the addressee
being drawn from a file listing. Both utilities would have eased the load when
we WWIVNet sysops were required to form an intermediate network; WW4NET.


To all WW4Net sysops:  (Sun Jul 10 10:58:44 1994)
Random #1 @1
Sun Jul 10 10:58:44 1994
RE: WW4Net

     We  are about ready for the final stage of the WWIVnet/WW4net conversion.
The  next (and final) step is scheduled  for Saturday, July 16th. On Saturday,
go  into  INIT, delete the WWIVnet network,  and  rename the WW4net network to
WWIVnet.

  --- segment of this e-mail omitted to shorten the article ---
  --- I left the portion of mail below in for informational purposes ---

     On  a  second topic, I found a slight  bug  in the de1.exe file in use on
WW4net. It will not correctly receive source-verified messages that uncompress
to  over 32k. This is not a big problem, since the only thing over 32k sent so
far were subs.lst updates, and I can easily chop those up to <32k chunks.

     There  is a fixed de1.exe available on  my system (plus fixed de*.exe for
the  groups),  and  you  should pick them  up  (from  my system or someone who
downloaded them from my system) when convenient. Do not rush, as it will be at
least  a  few  months  before I send  out  anything  >32k  as a network update
(probably  in a subs.lst update). The updated  de*.exe files are dated July 10
1994.

  --- here's the bomb ---

     On  a  third  topic,  net34 will be  released  in  two or three weeks. It
supports  net  calls  on multiple  instances  simultaneously, but NOT multiple
networks per call. You will be notified when an exact date is set.

     Finally, you should now have the first WW4net/new-WWIVnet subs.lst update
in your WW4net data dir.

1$F4 1@10


     Above  is  the  transmitted news from  Mr.  Bell.  I'd complain, but that
wouldn't  make  multiple  network  packets move  on  one  phone call. Nor will
complaining  make  it possible for myself to  mail all of my subscribers on my
hosted subboards over three networks while WW4NET is transformed into WWIVNet.
During  this transition a whole new  network was created, that network created
much more phone traffic for me to carry.

     I'll  first  out take from the  link36b1.zip  archive and with that allow
Hellfire to describe his software;

        --- from the Linker.doc file ---

Linker v3.6 Multi-Network Sender/Support Software

Written by Hellfire 1@1 Apex / 1@13600 WWIVLink
Documented by Parapuke 1@8251 Apex / 1@18251 WWIVLink
Documentation upgraded by Ketol Ketih 1@10 Apex / 1@13601 WWIVLink
Parts updated by King Master 2@19 Apex / 1@13605 WWIVLink

1-1. Introduction.

     Linker  originated in the twisted mind of Hellfire during the cold winter
nights of his igloo home in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada where he was tired
of spending all his hard earned money on calls to pick up his various networks
from the United States.

     Linker will take multiple networks that are received by a host/hub system
and combine them into one call on one network using sub type 10/512. When your
system  receives  this sub type, it  will process the messages being received,
moving  them to the appropriate data directory  to be processed just as though
you  had  received  the call ON that  network.  In  return, messages from your
system  will  be  processed and combined to  be  returned back to the host/hub
system.  This  return process will happen  when the Network2.exe runs a second
time.  Originally intended as a preview of  things to come in WWIV networking,
it  has proven itself as a  trustworthy addition to any multinetworking system
used by close to 500 WWIV systems, as well as adding several refinements which
will be found later in this document.

Files in Linker Package
-----------------------

            LINKER.DOC:    This file
            LINKER.EXE:    1-1.  Primary Executable file
            LINKERGD.EXE:  Primary Executable for systems using Gold System.
            LINKUTIL.EXE:  2-1.  Used to create Linknets.Net as well as
                           enhancements.
            LINKER.DAT:    3-1.  Definable Enhancements
            FILEREQ.BAT:   (goes in your root bbs directory) for those systems
                           that compiled WWIV with the PACKSCAN Option on.
            FILE_ID.DIZ:   File description
            GREENWAR.REG:  GREENWARE registration form
            WHATSNEW.DOC:  A list of new features in current update
            SOFTWARE.TXT:  A list of support boards and other software
                           produced by Microtech Solutions and PURGware
            FILE_ID.DIZ    Gee, I wonder..


     Linker  may be distributed as SHAREWARE as long as it is also distributed
with the above files.

        --- end linker.doc out take ---

     I've  used  Linker version 34b in my  connects as the hub for local nodes
within  the  same  city,  and  I'm ecstatic  about  the  concept.  I  can drop
everyone's  Icenet and WWIVNet packet with  one phone call, thereby shortening
the  network only window on my own BBS by  hours. I can say that for the month
or  more that I've used linker.exe I've never lost any E-mail or messages, and
of  the three systems that I carry, only one system has dropped a packet which
I feel wasn't linker.exe related.

     But  that isn't all that Linker  offers, in addition to linking different
WWIVNet based network operations Linker will also allow a file search and send
files  if you have re-compiled your BBS  with packscan enabled. In addition to
packscan  Linker  has  a  version of autosend  built  into  it  which when the
configuration  file for Linker is setup, it will automatically send a subboard
rules  message  on the subboards you host  and  allow back post sending to new
subscribers.

     Hellfire does request a $10.00 registration fee for his software, however
as a novel approach to registration he also allows "greenware registration" of
his  Linker.  Greenware releases are registered  by writing Hellfire an E-mail
explaining  what  it  is you promise to  do  to save the environment. I myself
never  buy soda or beer in the cans, I always buy bottles. The 2 liter plastic
bottles  of soda and glass bottles of Miller beer. One does what one can....or
bottle. I like the concept of greenware.

     My  recommendation  to install linker.exe is  that  you copy three of the
files  included  in the link36b1.zip archive  to your main BBS directory, note
that there is an option of executable files for gold system users;

            LINKER.EXE:    1-1.  Primary Executable file
            LINKERGD.EXE:  Primary Executable for systems using Gold System.

            LINKUTIL.EXE:  2-1.  Used to create Linknets.Net as well as
                           enhancements.
            LINKER.DAT:    3-1.  Definable Enhancements

        -- note: Hellfire utilizes a file authentication CRC ---
        -- check for the CRC listed within the archive --

     Next  rename  your  network2.exe  as  net2.exe,  then  rename  linker.exe
network2.exe (have I confused you yet?). Now you should create an epreproc.net
file, a text file which merely reads as one line;

network2 /i /o

     Now  go  into  the  callout.net  files  of  each  network  and delete all
compression  and  protocol  choice symbols. In  fact  leave only the following
information for all networks, excepting the prime carrier network;

sample callout.net for linked network;
@10343   %43      +                        "ABCDEFGHIJKLMN"

sample callout.net for the primary carrier network;
@10343   %43      &    /2     (23 )4   ;   "ABCDEFGHIJKLMN"

     You  may  still force callouts to the  nodes on the original network, but
the  software  will not initiate a call  for  any other network other than the
prime  carrier network. All incoming network messages and E-mail to be sent to
a  linked node will be transferred on  the primary network chosen to carry all
network packets.

     Speaking  of  linking node number and network,  it's time to write up the
linkutil.exe  file.  This  utility creates  the  configuration that linker.exe
follows  when processing net packets from  all networks. My suggestion here is
that you follow Hellfire's second example and link your connect's node numbers
from all of his or her networks to one network;

     Your  connect  is in three networks,  WWIVNet, Icenet, ANYNet. You choose
ANYNet as the prime carrier of traffic and "link" your connect's other network
node  numbers  "to"  their  ANYNet  node  number.  Below  is  an out-take from
Hellfire's document file;

     --- out-take from linker.doc ---

2-1.  Linkutil.Exe Explanations.

     Beginning  version  3.1á4, there is a  new addition to the Linker utility
called  Linkutil.Exe.  With  this, you will be  able  to edit the direction of
which  messages  will  travel, get a  list  of  definable available files from
fellow Linker users , send out lists of subscribers to subs of which you host,
requests files via network connections and even send files.

     When  you  enter  Linkutil,  you  will  be  confronted  by  the following
selection of things to do;

[E]dit LINKNETS.NET
[G]et file listing
[L]ist Subscriber Editor
[R]equest file
[S]end file
[Q]uit

[*]Option?

2-2.  Edit Linknets.Net

     In  the Edit mode, you will be prompted to explain which network you wish
to  send packages to and from as well as the systems to which the packages are
bound for. Just follow the prompts.

Here is the entry screen.

[W]rite LINKNETS.NET [M]odify entry [A]dd entry [D]elete Link [Q]uit ?

        --- You'll be adding entries to the linknets.net file. ---
        --- Below is an example from linker.doc ---

FROM=        <- this is the node and net you want to LINK FROM
NET=         <- this is the FROM network as defined in Init.Exe -1
TO=          <- this is the node and net you want to LINK it TO.
NET=         <- this is the TO network as defined in Init.Exe -1


        --- end out-take from linker.doc ---

     The node you are connected to is linked to itself, Hellfire explains this
in  the document file well enough. I  will add that you don't mention yourself
in  the  linkutil.exe input, you only  mention  your connects node numbers and
link all networks you carry their messages over to one network node number for
your  connect's  system. After that your connect  must  do the same thing with
your node numbers and callout.net files.

     In  closing  this  story  I'll edit  in  the  greenware registration file
included by Hellfire with the distribution archive.

        --- greenwar.reg ---

     In  a new and exciting concept in  the software industry, the authors and
áeta  testers  of Linker wish to  introduce  nationwide a concept in Shareware
Registration known as GreenWare.

     The  concept is simple. We care for the environment and the world we live
in. In order to register this this software, you must do the following.

     Make  a  commitment  to the planet you  and  I  live on. Recycle! You use
enough  paper  with  your printer don't you?  Take  some  aluminum cans to the
Recyclers.  Some of those Coke/beer cans sitting next to your computer will be
a  good  start. Plant a tree. Use  mass transportation. Carpool. The list goes
on.

     When you have done that, send mail to me telling me that you care for the
environment  and  we  will  consider you fully  registered  as  a user of this
software.

My network mailing address is

The Resource Center
Parapuke  1@18251 WWIVLink
          1@8251 Apex/WWIVNet/IceNet/SolarNet/TARDISnet/TerraNet/RockNet
          or many fine networks near you.

                          (REAL NAME PLEASE)
By sending this email I ________________________ agree to the above mentioned
terms failure to comply to these terms means that I relinquish my right to my
LINKER registration.

Alias ______________________

APEX node     ______
WWIVnet node  ______
ICEnet node   ______
WWIVLink node ______

-----

     Registered  Linker sysops get Automated update information service. Which
means  you  will  be  informed of updates if  you  belong  to any of the above
networks.


        --- non-greenware registration ---

     Please note - this program is GreenWare. You may use it for an evaluation
period  of  30  DAYS.  Even  though  this  software  is  FULLY ENABLED without
registration  make  no mistake the software is  not licensed to you unless you
register.  The registration fee is merely Ten Dollars, or you may apply to our
alternative  GREENWARE program. The GREENWARE  program requires that you email
Parapuke   1@18251.WWIVLink  or  1@8251.WWIVnet  and  send  in  the  GREENWARE
registration form.

The GREENWARE registration form has more information on what that means.

Please send money to:

                John Wheeler
                8703 East Wabash Ave  Lot #57
                Terre Haute, IN 47803

  ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ End of Linker Text ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ


     Earlier  I  had  described  my  dilemma  in  mailing  the  same sysops on
different  networks.  This  problem arose while  I  was testing WW4NET for the
transition  to  WWIVNet.  How  do you mail a  total  of  60 + sysops for three
subboards  on  two networks? I called my  local support BBS, Maestro BBS @9680
Icenet and learned of Fast-Mail!


         ÄÄÄÄÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍßßßßßßß  ßßßßß   ßßßßß  ßßßßßßßß
        ÄÄÄÄÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍßß      ßß   ßß ßß         ßß
       ÄÄÄÄÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍßßßßß   ßßßßßßß  ßßßßß     ßß
      ÄÄÄÄÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍßß      ßß   ßß      ßß    ßß
     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍßß      ßß   ßß ßßßßßß     ßß


                             ÄÄÄÄÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍßßß   ßßß  ßßßßß  ßßßßßß ßß
                            ÄÄÄÄÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍßßßß ßßßß ßß   ßß   ßß   ßß
                           ÄÄÄÄÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍßß ßßß ßß ßßßßßßß   ßß   ßß
                          ÄÄÄÄÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍßß  ß  ßß ßß   ßß   ßß   ßß
                         ÄÄÄÄÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍßß     ßß ßß   ßß ßßßßßß ßßßßßßß

                                Version 1.00R
                               January 5, 1993

                                CellarSoft LtD.
                           Copyright (c) 1993,1994


***************************************************************************
WARNING: When you unzip FastMail!, you should see -AV codes on each line
as the file extracts.  After all files have been extracted, you should
see:

  Authentic files Verified!   # MQE905
  CellarSoft LtD.

If you don't see the -AV and this message, the files have been tampered
with. DO NOT use them.  Contact CellarSoft LtD. at the addresses below and
include the origin of the archive you have.

Files included in this archive are:

        FAST.EXE        FastMail!
        FASTMAIL.DOC    Documentation.
        FAST.INI        Initialization / Definition File.
        FAST.DEF        DEF file for WWIVedit as External Editor
        ORDER.FRM       Registration Key order form.
        FILE_ID.DIZ     Suggested file descriptions.
        AUTHORS.NFO     Shareware Authors FREE registration offer.

***************************************************************************

Introduction:
=============

     FastMail!  is  a  mail utility for  use  with  WWIV v4.22+ Bulletin Board
Software.  FastMail!  provides  the  WWIV SysOp  with  a  simplified method of
mailing:

           A single user on any system in a given network.
           All systems in the CALLOUT.NET of a single network.
           All systems in the CALLOUT.NET of a all networks you are in.
           All subscribers of a Subboard you host.
           All Users on your BBS.
           All Users in a specified Mailing List using the
              Create and Maintain Mailing Lists options.

     SysOps  who serve as Area or Group Co-Ordinators also have the ability to
mail  all systems under their supervision using Area Co-Ordinator FastMail! or
Group  Co-Ordinator FastMail! functions. Group  C-Ordinators can also mail all
systems  in  a  specified area code within  his  Group  using the AC FastMail!
function.

        --- end out-take from fastmail.doc ---

     What  more  could I ask for? Well,  Wayne Bell might remove the 15 E-mail
limit  from  the  network2.exe packet processor  for  one thing! I myself have
subboards  with more than twenty ( I'm  being modest here ) subscribers, and I
would  have  liked to have dealt  with  the WW4NET changeover without creating
multiple  mailing  lists.  But  limitations are  the  mother  of invention and
Fast-Mail  will allow you to load mailing list files ( your saving grace Wayne
Bell!  ),  I also pre-wrote my subscriber mail  and I ALT-I loaded the mail in
WWIVEDIT to keep my fingers form going numb.

        To install Fast Mail!;

        --- out take from fastmail.doc ---

Installation:
=============

     FastMail!  expects to find itself in the main BBS directory. It will move
to  the  main BBS directory to run if  the  directory is included in your path
statement in AUTOEXEC.BAT. You will be returned to the starting directory upon
exit. The default directory structure for WWIV is hard coded into the program.
It  looks  for  CONFIG.DAT  in the  main  BBS  directory and NETWORKS.DAT, and
STATUS.DAT  in the DATA directory. If you have renamed the DATA directory, see
the  section  below  on  INI  files.  If  you  have  a completely non-standard
directory  structure,  a  special  version can  be  requested  at  the time of
registration.


WWIV.INI Initialization File:
=========================================

     FastMail!  supports  the  new WWIV.INI  style  configuration file. If you
already  use  WWIV.INI, add the desired  lines  from FAST.INI included in this
archive.  These  lines should be added to the  end of WWIV.INI due to the fact
that FastMail! adds FAST_REG_CHK and the registration check code to the end of
the  INI file on it's first use. It  also adds FAST_REG_CODE and the code when
the  registration code is entered. If you fail  to add the lines to the end of
WWIV.INI,  it will cause no problems, FastMail! scans the entire file for it's
definitions, it will just keep things together.

     If  you do not already use WWIV.INI, rename FAST.INI to WWIV.INI and edit
as desired.

     Using  this definition file, you have the  ability to set options you may
prefer  in  FastMail!.  Directions for adding  these  options are contained in
FAST.INI.  In  the  case of non-standard  directory  structures,  you may also
define the location of your DATA directory in the INI file as well. If you are
using the standard WWIV setup, there is no need for this definition.

External Editors:
=================

     FastMail! requires an external editor to be defined in the INI file to be
fully  functional.  Any  good text editor  should  work.  FastMail! passes the
storage  directory  and a filename as arguments  when the editor is loaded. If
your  editor  does  not accept a passed  filename,  you MUST use a filename of
TEMP.MSG  in  the storage directory for the  Single User Mail feature to work.
This  feature  has  been tested with Qedit  v2.15  and WWIVedit v2.5 and works
perfectly.

     To  use  WWIVedit as an external editor,  place the file FAST.DEF in your
\BBS\WWIVEDIT\CONFIG  directory  and  then from  the  WWIVedit directory, type
WWIVEDIT  /F  to  compile  the DEF files  and  you  are ready to go. FastMail!
generates  it's own EDITOR.INF if WWIVedit is  set as your external editor and
will delete the file after use.

        --- end of out take from fastmail.doc ---

     I  have to say that I accomplished the installation of Fast Mail although
I encountered one or two items in the docs that weren't perfectly clear to me.
I  guess  forcing  myself  to learn the  DOS  operating  system many years ago
finally  has paid off. One of those items is that when you wish to mail from a
listing of node addresses the screen prompts will lead you to believe that you
will be allowed to edit a pre-written file. That wasn't the case. Another very
minor  glitch  was  that the packet  processing  was  done externally from the
network  software  and  for that reason the  BBS  wasn't informed of a pending
packet.  When I pressed " P " to look at the pending packets, Fast-mail's work
didn't  appear.  A  drop  to DOS and  a  Z-packet  file  search indicated that
Fastmail  had  done the work, meaning  it multi-network mailed my fellow local
net sysops.

     On  another  note about short  falls, Fast-mail documentation stated that
the  software  would  create the directory paths  for  the mail and mail lists
subdirectory  named fast. That didn't occur,  I manually created the directory
structure  modifying  it  from the stated  paths  in  the docs. WWIVEDIT posed
another  problem,  I  thought that the  setup  file (WWIV.INI) for configuring
Fastmail  would  call  the  BBS init.exe  strings.  Wrong  again,  you need to
recreate  the  local init WWIVEDIT string in  the fast.ini file and be sure to
rename the file WWIV.INI after you edit it. The file(s) are placed in the main
BBS directory and the BBS must be restarted to load WWIV.INI.

     All   in  all  it  took  me  about  ten  minutes  to  over  come  my  own
misunderstandings  about  installing  Fast Mail. I  then  spent  one half hour
figuring  out how to operate the  utility. Again, a little understanding about
DOS  goes  a long way when installing  new utilities. Another item is that you
must be careful when entering the paths in the FAST.INI file, and again rename
the file WWIV.INI.

Regarding the Author:
=====================

     CellarSoft LtD. is the trade name of the author. The author(s), by use of
this  name, is by no means  attempting to defraud any individual, corporation,
or  agency  or  political subdivision of  the  United States government or the
public at large. The author may be at any of the addresses below:

      By US Mail at:
                     DNK Enterprises
                     c/o CellarSoft LtD.
                     P.O. Box 35011
                     Ft. Wainwright, Alaska 99703
      By Email at:
                  1@9707 WWIVnet/IceNet/SOLARnet/TerraNet
                  1@1110 FILEnet
                  1:355/22 FidoNet

The latest version of FastMail! may be obtained from the following systems:

  Name of System           Phone      Speed  FREQname  FREQAddr.   SysOp Name
===============================================================================
Trading Post [NORTH]    907-356-7632  19200  FASTMAIL  1:355/22    Trader Jack
Trading Post [SOUTH]    803-731-0690  57600  FASTMAIL  1:376/126   Morgul
Dream World BBS [ASV]   803-749-3171  38400   <N/A>                Sandman
The Rubicon [ASV]       919-676-0738  14400   <N/A>                Spackle
Entity BBS [ASV/GSA]    310-973-4949  14400   <N/A>                Bogie
Eagle's Dare            301-498-1984  14400   <N/A>                Frank Reid

                  ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ End of Fast Mail Text ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

    ÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Break the CHAINs ³ Scum Sucker (1@6987)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     With the dawn of multi-tasking PC's, users the world 'round have suddenly
acquired  the  wondrous ability of having their  cake and eating it too; "Look
ma,  I  can run Word AND Excel AT  THE  SAME TIME!!!" Then, the inevitable (at
least for sysops): Multi-instance BBSing. WWIV 4.23 has brought all the joy of
posting  your messages with a user online to the door of every gracious owner.
It  has  also  brought  it's own Doppleganger  in  the  form  of this haunting
feedback message:

     "How come TradeWars doesn't work anymore?"

     Before  you run away screaming, let me try to help; I'm here to break the
CHAINs.  I will unravel the mystery  that is multi-instancing and appease your
restless  users,  lest  they  withdraw their  donations  and  your  BBS slowly
shrivels and dies.

     At least, that's the idea.

"What the heck is different?"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

     Not much, but enough to cheese up anybody's already-working setup.

     First things first: If you run a one-instance board, you probably have no
need  for  knowing what's going on here;  everything  should work as it always
has. But once you put up a second instance, WWIV and the programs it runs have
to  know  that there is more than one person  trying to use it at once. It has
two ways of doing this:

     1)  It sets an environment variable.  If you've followed the instructions
in  the manual, you will have the line SET WWIV_INSTANCE=2 in there somewhere.
WWIV_INSTANCE  is  a  variable, and the computer  can  check it to see what it
contains.  The  cool  thing is that you  can  have different variables in each
instance  (or  "window",  or  however you'd like  to  refer  to  it) that hold
different  values. So, if you run the  BBS under node 1, WWIV_INSTANCE doesn't
exist  (if  you've followed the manual.) But  under instance two, the value of
WWIV_INSTANCE is 2. Nifty, eh?

     2) You have different drop files. In previous versions of WWIV, there was
only one drop file: CHAIN.TXT. Now that multi-instancing is upon us, WWIV will
create  another  drop-file under each  different  instance. Unfortunately, you
can't  have  a  file mean two different  things  at  the same time (unlike the
aforementioned  variable), so it has to name the new file something different.
Each  instance  that creates as dropfile  after  the first is named CHAIN.###,
where ### is the instance number. If you're like most sysops, you only run two
instances.  In  this case, the two  dropfiles will be CHAIN.TXT (instance one)
and CHAIN.002 (instance two).

     [A  small  note: WWIV 4.23 also  automatically creates different kinds of
dropfiles,  such  as DOOR.SYS and PCBOARD.SYS.  With  each of these, the first
instance  filenames remain as they were, such as DOOR.SYS and PCBOARD.SYS, and
every  instance  after  that  is renamed  exactly  as  CHAIN.TXT  was. So, the
dropfiles for instance two would be CHAIN.002, DOOR.002, PCBOARD.002, etc...]

     That's  basically  all that has changed. But  we can use these changes to
make our doors run on different instances.

"Okay, wiseguy.  What should I do?"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

     No need to get testy.

     My first suggestion is this: Change the batch file that runs instance one
to  have  the line SET WWIV_INSTANCE=1 in  it.  This is only a suggestion, and
everything  will work if you don't put it in, but some systems (OS/2 for sure,
others  maybe)  will give you pointless error  statements  if you check for an
environment  variable  (like  WWIV_INSTANCE) and  it's  not there. These error
messages   don't  mean  anything,  but  they're  annoying.  Making  the  above
modification will fix it.

     Now  on  to the big problem: getting  the  chains to work. There are many
ways  to go on this, and different onliners may work better different ways, so
you may use many methods.

     1) Set it up as normal.

     Advantages: No work for you.

     Disadvantages:  It almost never works. At  least, not yet. If the onliner
with  which  you're working recognizes CHAIN  in  its different formats, or it
doesn't  care what the filename is, then it  will work. In other words, if you
can  tell  from  the  documentation  that it  either  knows  that  you can use
"CHAIN.002", or that it doesn't care what filename you give it as long as it's
in  CHAIN.TXT  format,  you  can use this  safely.  The  problem  is that most
onliners  out there will not accept  ANY file except CHAIN.TXT specifically if
you  tell  it you use WWIV, even though  CHAIN.002 is the exact same format. I
have  yet to see a program that  does recognize the CHAIN.### format, and they
probably  won't  be here for a while.  I  wouldn't suggest trying this method,
though it clears up a LOT of headaches if you can get it to work.

     2)  Tell the program to search in  its own directory, then copy the CHAIN
file  over.  WWIV  has  the  cool  ability  to  send  whatever  chain  file is
appropriate  through  as  a "parameter" in  the  batch  file. Let's say you're
trying to run "TICTAC.BAT" as the batch file to run your onliner. First, you'd
go to the chainedit menu and make the chain. But under B. Filename, instead of
putting  TICTAC.BAT,  you'd  put  TICTAC.BAT %1.  That  %1  is replaced by the
appropriate  CHAIN file when WWIV runs the chain. So, if you ran that chain on
instance  one, it would actually run TICTAC.BAT CHAIN.TXT, and on instance two
it would run TICTAC.BAT CHAIN.002.

     Now, let's look at your batch file. Normally, it would look like this:

CD \WWIV\TICTAC
TICTAC

     (At least, that's how mine look.) What we want to do is insert one line:

COPY %1 \WWIV\TICTAC\CHAIN.TXT > NUL
CD \WWIV\TICTAC
TICTAC

     What that line does is copy %1 (which is the appropriate CHAIN file) into
the  TICTAC directory and rename it to CHAIN.TXT. So, even if the user's CHAIN
file was CHAIN.342, it would appear in the game's directory as CHAIN.TXT.

     [Note:  The "> NUL" at the end redirects output of the command to the NUL
device, which just means that you won't see the "1 file(s) copied" message.]

     The  last  step  would be to find in  the  onliner where it looks for the
CHAIN  file (or dropfile) and change it to \WWIV\TICTAC instead of \WWIV. This
can  sometimes  be tricky, as it will ask  for the directory of your "main BBS
files"  or  some  such instead of  specifically  saying dropfiles. After that,
everything should run smoothly.

     Advantages: Brutally simple.

     Disadvantages:  A few. Sometimes it's hard to find where to specify which
directory  to  use  for  drop files. Also,  you  get  CHAIN.TXT files in every
directory, something that could be taken care of by a DEL CHAIN.TXT at the end
of each batch file, but that's something I've never gotten around to doing. :)
Also,  this  WILL  NOT WORK if you  have  to  specify other information to the
onliner for each node--this is taken care of with the next method.

     3)  Use the batch file's ability to  use IF statements to direct the flow
of  your batch file. Most languages that  allow for batch files also allow for
the  commands  IF, GOTO and labels. If so,  you  can direct the flow using the
environment variable WWIV_INSTANCE.

     A  good example is my TradeWars  batch file. TradeWars version 2 requires
that  you  state which node is requesting to  be run in the command line. What
you  do  is  make  a batch file that will  call  each  node. Let's say I run a
three-node BBS. Node one and two are dial-in instances, and I have node 3 just
for  local logins. The first thing I'd need to do was go into TEdit and set up
my  nodes in the node editor. Node 0 in Tradewars MUST be local, so I set that
up with the following statistics:

  <A> Path to Data files  :<Current Directory>
  <B> Path to Drop file   :<Current Directory>
  <C> BBS Drop file type  :  WWIV
  <D> Hardware Handshaking:  No
  <E> Active Node         :  No
  <F> Comport 1 to 4      :  0
  <G> Override port Addr  :  LOCL
  <H> Override port IRQ   :  0

     I'd  set up the other two instances  the same way, except turning "Active
Node" on and giving the appropriate com port.

     Next, the batch files:

     First  of  all, TradeWars will not  recognize  the CHAIN.### format, so I
have  to use method number two in tandem  with this method. Here are the first
couple of lines:

COPY %1 \WWIV\TW\CHAIN.TXT > NUL
CD \WWIV\TW

     Now,  the  next  line  of  the batch file  needs  to  be  the call to the
executable, but there's a fly in the ointment: I have to specify which node to
use.  So,  I  look at WWIV_INSTANCE. When  you  look at variables in the batch
language,  you  surround  them  with %'s  (%WWIV_INSTANCE%).  I'll  use the IF
statement to see if WWIV_INSTANCE is 3 or 2. If it's not, it must be node 1.

     [Note: You can't say IF %WWIV_INSTANCE%=2 in the batch language. You MUST
put   two   ='s  there  or  it  won't   run.  So,  the  proper  syntax  is  IF
%WWIV_INSTANCE%==2]

     When  I find out the instance, I will tell it to GOTO different "labels".
Labels  in batch files are just words with a colon in front of them. If I tell
the  program  to GOTO a label it will  search  for that word, skipping all the
stuff in between, and then start executing from there.

     Before I give you the rest of my batch file, here's how we have to set up
the nodes vs. the TWNode settings:

  WWIV Node 1 = TWNode 1
  WWIV Node 2 = TWNode 2
  WWIV Node 3 = TWNode 0

     When  writing  batch  files  that depend on  a  number  like  this, be it
environment  or errorlevels, I go from the highest number down. Since you have
to  do  it  with errorlevels, it's a good  practice  to  do it here. Here's my
entire batch file, with comments included at the sides (after the ;'s):

COPY %1 \WWIV\TW\CHAIN.TXT > NUL ; copies appropriate CHAIN as CHAIN.TXT
CD \WWIV\TW                      ; changes into the game directory
IF %WWIV_INSTANCE%==3 GOTO INST3 ; if we're on node three, goto :INST3
IF %WWIV_INSTANCE%==2 GOTO INST2 ; ditto node 2
TW2002 TWNODE=1                  ; if neither, we're on node 1, so TWNode=1
GOTO QUIT                        ; skip the other node instructions and quit
:INST3                           ; this is where it arrives if node 3
TW2002 TWNODE=0                  ; run local
GOTO QUIT                        ; skip the other node and goto label :QUIT
:INST2                            ; or, we're node two
TW2002 TWNODE=2                  ; run node 2
:QUIT                            ; this is where everything ends up.

     That's it!

     Advantages:  Gives  you  a  lot of  flexibility.  You  could even run two
entirely  different  programs depending on the  node (which might be necessary
for  games like Land of Devastation, that have an EGA w/ MOD player mode and a
plain text mode.) This is the most stable way to do it.

     Disadvantages: Kinda tough for beginners.

     4)  Lie to it. This is the last  option because I don't recommend it, but
the  plain fact of the matter is this: RBBS has been using DORINFO#.DEF, where
#  is the node, forever. So, programs that ARE multi-node already expect this.
In  order  to do this, just lie and  say  you're running RBBS and give it your
main directory to find the files.

     Advantages: Simple as dirt

     Disadvantages:  Doesn't  work a lot of  the time. Some programs will make
different  assumptions based on the drop file  you use. TradeWars on my system
couldn't  handle  being called RBBS, and it would  only run if I told it I was
running WWIV. Maybe it handles com support differently, but it didn't work.

"Okay, I think I got it.  But what about this option in ChainEdit?"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

     The  "Multi-User" option in chain edit will allow more than one person at
a time to run the onliner. Don't use this unless the program specifically says
it can handle multiple nodes. Even if it does, it might not do what you think;
many onliners, when you tell them that you're running multiple instances, will
just  create a batch file when run that tells the other instance that it can't
run  two places at once. In other words, you're making the onliner do what you
could  do  from ChainEdit! In most cases,  just leave it off. Some games, like
TradeWars  and  The Pit, do support multiple  users  (even if it's only to see
who's  on the other line at the same time.) In these cases, follow through the
instructions provided by the onliner and try to set it up for multi-user play.
Eventually,  I hope, there will be some really cool player vs. player onliners
out there that will fully support this feature.

"Are you done yet?"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

     Yeah, I guess. I hope that I've helped some of y'all out, and I pray that
for  those who were confused at the beginning, I haven't confused you more. If
you  have  any questions, I'd be glad to  help you out. Just drop some mail to
1@6987. Hasta.

    ÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄÄ


                 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ S O F T W A R E / P R O G R A M M I N G ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ How To Get The Most Out of Your System's Memory ³ Papa Bear (1@5079)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

                        I FEEL MY MEMORY GOOOIIINNGGG...

     I  have to first state here that I  can only really speak for those using
DESQview, since that's all I use. The format of this will be such that general
memory  saving  tips will be first, these  will be ones that everyone can use.
Further into the article will come specific DESQview tips. If you run Windows,
OS/2,  NovellDOS  7, or some other multitasker  to  run your BBS, and you have
some  memory saving tips, then by all means send 'em to me at the above IceNET
address, or: 1@11579 WWIVNet or 1@15061 WWIVLink.

     Memory.  It's the most precious resource  that your computer has. Nothing
else come close to the importance of your machine's memory, for without it, it
will not run. How you use this memory is of great importance as well. You need
enough  to get your WWIV running, sure, but what about the other programs that
you may want to use _with_ WWIV?

     As  a basic overview, there are four areas of memory: conventional, upper
(UMB),  high (HMA), and extended (XMS).  The basic layout looks something like
this:

conventional - the first 640k of memory your machine has
UMB          - the area between 640k and 1MB
HMA          - the first 64k of extended memory
XMS          - 1Mb to [whatever your processor can access]

     In  addition, there is also an area  just above the 640k boundary that is
for  video RAM. This can be accessed  as well, providing an additional 96k for
conventional use. But we'll get to that later.

     When  you  try  to run a program and  it  says  "Out of Memory," it's not
because  you  need  more actual memory  (adding  another  2Mb won't solve this
problem),  it's because you need more _conventional_ memory free. Conventional
memory  is  the  place where your WWIV  program  *must* load into and run from
(OS/2 is different -- remember this article is not about OS/2). If there isn't
enough  conventional there, then it won't load. Then, once loaded, you have to
have enough conventional free to run other programs, such as WWIVEdit.

     So  how  do  you  free  up enough  memory  for  WWIV,  and its associated
utilities,  to run? That's where this article  comes in. The whole point is to
get  the  highest HEAP value when you type  //STAT  at the main prompt in your
BBS.

     The  first  steps  lie with WWIV itself.  You  should not give any single
thing an overabundance of records.

     For  instance,  in  INIT.  Keep the  settings  for  the maximum number or
subboards,  directories, and user slots as  close to minimum as possible. Subs
and  dirs will be set to the closest 32. For user slots, I generally keep them
set  to  50  more than the current number  of  users that I have. [I auto-weed
non-active  users  every  night, so my  user  list  stays right around 300-310
people, so I set INIT to 375.]

     If  you  have the source code, you can  do a number of things. Reduce the
variable  MAX_CHAINS  in VARDEC.H to something  pretty  close to the number of
chains you are running. Maybe give yourself a 10 chain leeway so you can add a
few later.

     Also, you can remove sections of code that your board really doesn't use.
I  personally  remove  TEDIT, the voting  section,  all  file transfer archive
commands  with  the associated coding, etc. Anything  I find that does not get
used  regularly or does not offer a good  "service" for my BBS goes away. Some
people remove the G-Files.

     Do not install every mod that comes your way. Look over the ones that you
do  get  and try to understand them.  By doing this, you can possible re-write
them -- streamline them so that they use less memory.

     Go  into the MAKEFILE and overlay all the files possible (COM.C, CONIO.C,
CONNECT1.C,   EXTRN.C,  MODEM.C,  STRINGS.C,  and   UTILITY.C  should  not  be
overlayed). This step alone can get you 50k+ more heap!

     Remove any and all literal strings from your source and place them in STR
files.  Literal  strings are pieces of non  code that appear in double quotes.
This will also save you DGROUP! These line qualify:

  pl("This is a literal string.");
  npr("This %d is also a literal string.",to);

     There  are  more, mostly insignificant, steps  that you can do, but every
little thing *can* help.

     Things  that you can do outside WWIV  can have an enormous impact on your
HEAP  value.  Since  you need as  much  conventional  memory as possible, this
solution is simple -- free up as much as possible. But how do you do that?

     Well,  without  a good memory manager, there's  only a few things you can
do:

     Only load those "other" programs that you actually need to run the BBS. A
disk  cache  is a good idea to keep  (although  I don't how you'd be using one
without  a memory manager <G> without really  killing your memory). A mouse is
not needed, so get rid of it. An ANSI driver is also not *needed* because WWIV
uses  its  own  [some  doors may need it  though,  but  if you don't play them
locally,  it's no big deal]. Check all of those things, and only keep the ones
you REALLY need.

     Now, if you're using a good memory manger, you'll have a much better time
of  things. By "a good memory manager," I mean something other than what comes
with  DOS (be it MSDOS, DRDOS, PCDOS,  whatever). I prefer QEMM, and I'll give
some specific tips for that (version 7.0+), but I hear that other commercially
available memory managers work equally as well.

     Now  you  can take those TSR programs  such  as the mouse, ANSI, etc. and
load  them  into  the UMB, freeing up  conventional  memory.  In fact, you can
usually  load so MANY programs into upper memory that you'll virtually free up
all  of  the conventional memory area. For  instance,  here is my upper memory
layout:

ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º Region     Area      Size      Status        º
º   1    D000 - D41E    16K    Used (QEMM386)  º
º   1    D41F - D42D   0.2K    Used (DOS-UP)   º
º   1    D42E - D4AB   1.9K    Used (QDPMI)    º
º   1    D4AC - D4FF   1.2K    Used (SRDEMS)   º
º   1    D500 - D7D7    11K    Used (SBCD)     º
º   1    D7D8 - D9FD   8.5K    Used (X00)      º
º   1    D9FE - DA3E     1K    Used (FILES)    º
º   1    DA3F - DC2E   7.7K    Used (BUFFERS)  º
º   1    DC2F - DD87   5.3K    Used (command)  º
º   1    DD88 - E102    13K    Used (PC-CACHE) º
º   1    E103 - E10E   0.1K    Used (VIDRAM)   º
º   1    E10F - EC6D    45K    Used (MSCDEX)   º
º   1    EC6E - ECF9   2.1K    Used (FILES)    º
º   1    ECFA - F03A    13K    Used (BUFFERS)  º
º   1    F03B - F0A3   1.6K    Used (SHARE)    º
º   1    F0A4 - F108   1.5K    Used (VIDRAM)   º
º   1    F109 - FFA5    58K    Available       º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼

     You'll  notice  that I have 129.1k loaded  high,  and I still have 58k to
play with. And here's what I have free for conventional:

Ú Memory Type ÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄ Total Bytes ( Kbytes  ) ÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ Available ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³                  ³                            ³                            ³
³ Conventional     ³       655,360 (    640K )  ³       648,512 (    633K )  ³
³ High             ³        65,520 (     64K )  ³             0 (      0K )  ³
³ Extended         ³     7,340,032 (  7,168K )  ³             0 (      0K )  ³
³ Extended via XMS ³            N/A             ³     3,768,320 (  3,680K )  ³
³ EMS              ³     7,503,872 (  7,328K )  ³     3,833,856 (  3,744K )  ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

     With this, I get 266k free for HEAP.

     Now,  earlier I mentioned video RAM. This area (the first 96k of XMS) can
also  be  used as conventional. A program  that  comes with QEMM called VIDRAM
allows  you to do this, but there is a trade off. You'll lose your EGA and VGA
capabilities -- until you turn VIDRAM off, that is.

     Well,  since  WWIV does not use EGA or  VGA,  and very few (if any) doors
requires the use of EGA or VGA graphics, there really isn't any problem here.

     If you combine VIDRAM with EMS (expanded memory, a portion of memory that
a  memory manager creates from XMS), then you  can free up a LARGE portion for
use with the BBS. I personally get 70k more. So now I'm sitting at 703k at the
DOS  prompt,  and 336k of HEAP. A very  nice  position to be in. To accomplish
this, I append a VIDRAMEMS to my QEMM line in my CONFIG.SYS file, like this:

     DEVICE=X:\MEMORY\QEMM386.SYS RAM ROM ST:M R:1 VIDRAMEMS

Then, in my AUTOEXEC.BAT file, I add these two lines:

  X:\MEMORY\LOADHI /R:1 VIDRAM RES
  VIDRAM ON EMS

Yes, I even load VIDRAM high :)

     Now, for a BIG DESQview tip. If using QEMM 7.0 or greater, make sure that
you turn on QDPMI. Give it 2048 bytes.

  Do these steps:
  1) load DESQview
  2) Press ALT then O then CP then the keys you've assigned to WWIV
  3) Press TAB twice
  4) Enter something like 800  [stay with me here]
  5) Press ENTER
  6) Press ALT then O then the keys you've assigned to WWIV
  7) At this point, DV will stop you and tell you you've assigned too much
     memory.  This is what we want, because it'll also tell you, sort of,
     what value you CAN enter here.
     a) You'll see:

        Insufficient memory to open that program.
        The block of memory available to a program
        in this configuration of DESQview is 658k.     << 1st
                  WWIV (Primary Node #1)
        is configured with a "Memory Size" of 800k     << 2nd
           plus 11k of memory overhead.                << 3rd

     b) Subtract the 3rd number from the 1st (11k-658k) to get the maximum
        amount you can give WWIV.   In this instance 647k.
  8) Press ESC then CP the the keys you've assigned to WWIV
  9) Press TAB twice and enter your number from 7b.
 10) WAIT, you're not done -- now press F10
 11) Press TAB three times
 12) Enter *something* here.  If you have 4Mb or more, and are using QDPMI,
     then enter 1024. [the EMS/XMS/VCPI/DPMI window]

     You  can  normally set up each preceding  nodes by taking the number from
step  7b  and subtracting 9k from it (on  some systems and setups, this may be
more  like 32k :( ). Start at 9k  though, and keep decreasing until you get no
more warnings from DESQview.

     NOW  also do steps 9 to 12 for  your BigDOS and any other window that you
may   have   open  when  the  BBS   is   running.  Why?  Because  leaving  the
EMS/XMS/VCPI/DMPI  window *blank* will tell DV  to allocate *ALL* of your free
non-conventional  memory  to  that  application,  leaving  none  for any other
programs to use that you open AFTER that window. Not a nice scene sometimes.

     One  last note on TSR programs. If  you're using DESQview, use DVANSI (or
better  yet a shareware program called DGANSI). This way you can load the ANSI
driver "on-the-fly" in batch files before games and unload it when the game is
done. The same thing can be done with most FOSSIL drivers nowadays.

     That's  it  for now. I hope I've help  you along. If you are a Windows or
OS/2 user, let me hear from you! I want your tips!

    ÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Artificial Intelligence, Part #3 ³ Louie (6@1)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     First,  allow me to apologize for not having written this installment for
last month. I had some problems with my own "real life" among other things and
was not able to contribute a piece about Artificial Intelligence for the July,
1994 issue of the IceNEWS Journal.

NATURAL LANGUAGE PROCESSING

     In my previous installments of this series, I commented about two aspects
of  Natural  Language  Processing.  They were:  A.)  when  I  discussed Joseph
Weizenbaum's  ELIZA program, and B.) when  I commented on computer attempts at
machine  translations  of human language (ie.  English  --> German). Both were
failures,  though good looking and clever in appearance, because of the simple
minded approaches used in their development.

     I  was wrongly thought in the beginning  of research into AI and NLP that
the  things  we humans find difficult, would  be  difficult, and the things we
find  hard would be hard to do in  AI. It was discovered that often the things
people  find hard were easy to have computers reproduce, and the things people
find simple were very difficult to reproduce, and often seemingly impossible.

     The  goal of Natural language processing  research is to enable computers
to understand people as well as people understand other people, and to be able
to  respond  in  kind. In other words,  to  produce  computers that people can
communicate  with  without  their having to  memorize  weird commands or learn
various  programming languages like C, Pascal, FORTRAN. Just tell the computer
to do something like you would another person. The computer in Star Trek would
be  an  example of a fictional computer  that understands human speech and can
respond in kind.

     For  now,  I will subdivide NLP  into  Natural language understanding and
natural language generation. I will exclude speech recognition for now because
it involves a discussion of many other things that are tedious and unimportant
in the "grand" sense of the topic.

NATURAL LANGUAGE UNDERSTANDING

     Programming  a computer to understand a  natural language is difficult to
do  because computers require precision in communication. "COPY A:*.* B:" is a
PC/MS  DOS  Command to copy all the files  on one disk to another disk. If you
type  in "please copy those files on that  disk to this other one" at the C:\>
prompt you get nowhere real fast.

     The  goal  of  Natural Language Understanding  is  to enable computers to
understand  us  well  enough to perform  an  intended appropriate action. That
doesn't  mean to have computers understand everything people say, just to have
computers  understand  us as much as  other  people would understand us. After
all, we often misunderstand each other.

WHAT IS UNDERSTANDING?

     But,  what do we mean when we  say 'understanding" though? That is almost
as  hard  to define as "intelligence" can  be.  As we did for intelligence, we
will  use a practical definition of understanding, Communication that allows a
computer/person to know what actions should be performed.

PROBLEMS IN NLU

     There  are four problems that cause difficulties in NLU development. They
are  ambiguity,  imprecision,  incompleteness and  inaccuracy.  All are things
people  pretty  much get by and around  because we have vast knowledge to draw
upon.  Computers don't have the experience people have though. And even people
still misunderstand each other enough to cause major diplomatic incidents that
threaten  our continued existence from time to  time. Come to think of it, how
did  we  human  beings make it this far?  But  that  is a question for another
article sometime. Maybe part four? :-)

     Natural  language  can  be  ambiguous  due  to  multiple  word  meanings,
syntactic ambiguity, and unclear antecedents.

     Regularly  we  encounter words with more  than one meaning. The statement
"the  pitcher  is angry" could mean that  a human baseball pitcher didn't like
the  last call the umpire made, or it could be poetic imagery about a vase. It
could also be poetic imagery about a guy who sells black pitch.

     Syntactic  ambiguity is when a statement is made that could be interputed
in  two more more ways because of peculiarities in syntax. Consider "I hit the
man  with the hammer". Does that mean I used a hammer to hit another man with,
or did I punch a man who was holding a hammer?

     Unlear  antecedents  are normally caused  by  pronouns used in situations
where  they  shouldn't  be used. "John  hit  Bill  because he sympathized with
Mary."  Ok,  why  did John hit Bill?  Because  John  sympathized with Mary, or
because Bill did.

     Imprecision  means using concepts often not described with precision. You
ability  to understand what being said because of you rely on your familiarity
with  similar situations. In other words, define "long time". You have to know
in  what  context  it is being used. A  "long  time" at a doctors office and a
"long  time"  ago  dinosaurs  roamed the  earth  are  two very different "long
times".

     Incompleteness  is  when we expect other  people to "fill in the details"
when  we tell them something, we often supply incomplete information. We often
leave  out  words  or  descriptions of  many  things  because other people are
familiar  with  similar situations. We don't  tell everybody that a restaurant
has tables, chairs, waitresses, cooks, hat check rooms, etc.

     Of  course,  the  most common problem  is  inaccuracy. People usually can
understand  what they are told, even  when not structured according to certain
rules   they   know.   Spelling   errors,   transposed   words,  ungrammatical
constructions,   incorrect   syntax,   incomplete   sentences,   and  improper
punctuation  are  just some examples of  inaccurate  things humans say to each
other.

     People  overcome these problems in natural language through understanding
of  context, familiarity with situations, and expectation. All those errors we
made  as  little  kids finally sunk in  even  though we sometimes wonder about
certain people.

REPRESENTING KNOWLEDGE

     Natural  language  understanding  research  includes  developing  ways to
represent  the knowledge needed by the computer to enable it to understand our
instructions. two representations schemes are Frames and Scripts.

     Frames  represent an object as a group of attributes. Each attribute in a
particular  frame is stored in a separate  slot. For example, chairs have many
attributes that people regularly assume are there, but the computer using this
approach  to  NLU would store the word  "chair" in a database with information
about  chairs. Chairs have a seat, back, legs, arms, normally four legs, and 0
or  2  arms,  they can be pretty much  any  color, they are so talk, weight so
much, etc.

     Scripts are another knowledge representation system that allow a sequence
of  scenes  to  be  stored. Each event in  a  particular  scene is stored in a
separate  slot. Back in to the restaurant example, when you go to a restaurant
you  do  many  various things while there.  Each  of these situations would be
handled  independently  by the computer. You would  park the car, then go into
the restaurant, then wait to be seated, be seated, read menu, order food, wait
for  food  and have conversation, eat food,  sneak  out of the place by acting
like you are going to the rest room, etc.

TECHNIQUES IN NLU

     Techniques,  like lexical analysis, keyword analysis, syntactic analysis,
semantic  analysis,  and  pragmatic  analysis, are  used  to  analyze  text as
preliminary steps in natural language understanding.

     Lexical analysis involves having a computer use a "dictionary" to look up
each word and determine its meaning.

     Keyword analysis, which finds keywords in the text using pattern-matching
techniques, may overlook many important details. ELIZA used this approach. The
obvious  shortcoming was that ELIZA often overlooked many important details. A
statement  like  "I  killed my mother"  might  generate  a response asking the
person  about  their  mother without grasping the  fact  that  the person is a
murderer as well.

     Syntactic analysis separates a sentence into its component parts in order
to  analyze  its form. This attempts to  ensure that no elements of a sentence
will  be  overlooked. It requires a method  of  separating a sentence into its
component  parts,  or  parsing.  Parsing  techniques  often  used in syntactic
analysis  are  Augmented  Transition  Networks,  Top-Down  Parsing,  Bottom-Up
Parsing, Semantic Grammar Parsing, and Grammar-less Parsing.

     ATN's  are basically sentence diagrams  from hell. Top-Down and Bottom-Up
are  two different ways to take  apart sentences...forward or backward. SGP is
rewriting  sentences  according  to units of  meaning,  and GP abandons normal
linguistic theories in favor or ideas a little more "far out".

     Semantic  analysis  interprets  a  sentence  based  on  its  meaning. One
approach is to use grammars that describe how sentences can be constructed.

     Pragmatic  analysis attempts to determine what a sentence _really_ means.
You  know  how  people often ask questions  like  "What's  up?" and some idiot
always  says  "the opposite of down" or  "the  ceiling" (hey, I'm one of those
idiots so don't worry about about being an idiot. It's a great club. :-) hehe)
Pragmatic  analysis would attempt to find  out that "what's up?" means "what's
on TV" or maybe something more Freudian in nature.

NATURAL LANGUAGE GENERATION

     Natural language generation is the area of NLP research that is concerned
with  making it easier for people to understand a computer's output. There has
been  little research in this area though. Probably the most important reason,
at this time, for the lack of research is simple. There is no great demand for
it  just  yet.  But, as evidenced by  the  existence  of MS Windows, and OS/2,
people are wanting nice Graphical User Interfaces now because they want easier
ways  to use computers. For years there was  no great demand for GUI's for the
same  reason for the lack of research  into NLG. Those using computers already
understood the computers.

     Today  that  is starting to change  though.  Those who want Windows today
will  want  even  easier ways to use  their  computers in the future. And that
means  ways  the  computers  can  give  information  in  ways  people  already
understand.

   The three components to Natural Language generation are :

   1. The computer must decide when to say something.
   2. The computer must decide what to say.
   3. The computer must decide how to say it.

     The  last  is the most critical  point in the natural language generation
process.  It  has  also proved to be very  difficult  to do. Not only must the
communication from the machine be grammatically and syntactically correct, but
it  must  be written in a style designed  to be understood by the person using
the  computer. In needs to include a great deal of knowledge about the user to
be successful.

     David  McDonald, a researcher at  the University of Massachusetts, thinks
Natural language generation is going to be "much harder" than natural language
understanding.  "When you are doing understanding  it is clear where you start
from:  there  is  some written text and  you  start  by going through it. With
_generation_  you don't know where you are  starting from because no one knows
how the human mind works" is how McDonald put it.

MACHINE TRANSLATION

     Machine  translation is the area of Artificial Intelligence research that
is  concerned with using a computer to translate from one language to another,
incorporating natural language understanding and generation research.

     The  early  history  of  AI  is  filled  with  the  failures  of  machine
translations  of  human languages. Mainly because  humans  often say one thing
when  we  mean another. Just one example "I'm  going  to the show" has come to
mean that an athlete is going to his sports championship game. But if you tell
a  person  from another country "He's going  to  the show" they could interput
that to mean the movies, a play, a "pep show", etc. They have no understanding
of what "show" has come to mean to folks in the United States at times.

     Machine  translation  of human languages  will need to include techniques
from  both  Natural  language understanding  and  natural language generation.
First  the computer will have to read and analyze text, and second, be able to
generate  summaries or paraphrases of what it  just read. Only then will it be
able to proceed with the translation from, say english to russian.

CONCLUSION

     It  will  be a long time, if ever,  before  we see computers that can use
natural  language  as well as people do.  However, we are just now starting to
see certain new and exciting new developments.

     Next  month  I  will cover Speech  recognition  and  computer vision. Two
things very much related to what we covered this month.

Sources used in AI Articles
Louie #6 @1

    _Understanding Artificial Intelligence_; 1988;  by Henry C.
         Mishkoff; Howard W Sams.

    _Artificial Intelligence... Using C_; 1987;  by Herbert Schildt;
         Osborne McGraw-Hill.

    _The Computer Glossary: The Complete Desk Reference_; 1991;  by Alan
         Freedman; AmaCom.

    _Using Turbo Prolog_; 1988;  by Kelly M. Rich & Phillip R. Robinson;
         Borland-Osborne McGraw-Hill.

    _I, Robot_; 1950;  by Isaac Asimov; Del Rey.

    _Asimov On Science_; 1989; by Isaac Asimov; Pinnacle.
         essays entitled "Thinking About Thinking" and
                         "More Thinking About Thinking".

    _AI: The Tumultuous History of the Search for Artificial Intelligence_;
         1993; by Daniel Crevier; BasicBooks.

    _LISP: An Interactive Approach_; 1986; by Stuart C. Shapiro;
         Computer Science Press.

    _XLISP: An Experimental Object-Oriented Language_; 1986; by David M. Betz;
         Documentation with program.

    _PC-LISP User Manual_; 1987; by Peter Ashwood-Smith; Documentation with
         program.

    ÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄÄ

                           ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ L I T E   B Y T E S ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ How They Got Started In BBSing - Part 4 ³ Compiled by: Louie (6@1)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     Well,  this is the fourth installment of "How they got Started in BBSing"
so  far.  In the first three installments  we included the personal stories of
Random  (1@3050),  Jim (1@1), Filo (1@2050),  many  IceNEWS Staff members, and
several other folks well known folks from around IceNET And WWIVland.

     Why  do we run this little personal stories? Well, I think that there are
lots  of folks that are interested in why and how other people started bbsing.
Mainly we run the stories of the well known personalities because they are the
folks people around the network are interested in.

     This fourth installment is for what I see as a slightly important reason.
The  IceNEWS staff, as some of you may  know, underwent a major overhaul a few
months back now. Papa Bear (1@5079), and Chris (1@7668) joined our staff while
Jack  Ryan (1@4707) seems to have disappeared  off the face of the earth. Papa
is  now sitting in the office Jack vacated  and Chris moved in across the room
from me in my office. (What offices you ask... well, didn't you know about the
massive  Nunn Building in beautiful downtown  Springville, NY? We are the 13th
floor  of  it. (Hummm... is there such  a  place as "downtown Springville? :-)
hehehehe))

     So,  I  thought  it might be nice for  everybody  to  get to know our new
editors  a little bit. Chris has done a  bang up job being M/E of this month's
issue  and Papa Bear has written  several top-quality articles for the IceNEWS
Journal.  Joining  them here this month  is Midnight Tree Bandit (1@8411), the
fine AC of the 804 Area Code in Virginia.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Chris #1 @7668

     I've  always  computed. Since I was  4  I created 1,000-lined programs in
BASIC.  When  I was 8 I got my first  computer. An IBM 8088 XT at a whopping 8
MHz! When I was 12 I got my first modem. My uncle's friend had an old 300 baud
Practical Peripherals just lying around, so my uncle grabbed it for me. It was
the  beginning  of a beautiful friendship! And  it  was really OLD! You had to
dial  the  number with your phone, and  then press the CONNECT button when you
heard  the  "screech!!!"  That modem gave me  my  first  taste of "a whole new
world."  I'd  never knew BBSing existed. I  was so excited! There were so many
people,  so  many games and sooo many files!  :-)  But, with every joy comes a
little  sorrow.  Phone lines aren't free,  and  neither are 200k programs that
take a few hours to download at 300 baud. The phone bill increased by $40 in a
month. Needless to say, my parents were not happy. But, I let them know that I
liked  BBSing and I promised to cut down (next month it would only be $35 more
than  our base phone bill)! For two years I  was a silent user. I use the word
"silent"  because  I never talked to anyone.  All  I did was download files. I
never posted, sent e-mail or responded to voting questions. This is the beauty
of  BBSing. I went through some tough times at this point in my life and I was
a  little  short on friends. BBSing gave me  a  chance to "start over." No one
realized who I was, how old I was or even what my cracking voice sounded like!
It  was  this  false bravado that helped  me  rebuild my character not only in
WWIVland,  but in Chrisland as well. So not only  did my modem open me up to a
whole  new  world, it helped me patch up  the holes in the old world. Not long
after,  I  became interested in starting my own  BBS. Who else to ask, but the
Honorable  Jim  Nunn (all bow) 1@1! He  introduced me to WWIV, the great Wayne
Bell creation. And, here I am today!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Papa Bear #1 @5079

     I got started in 1979. My first experience with telecommunications was on
a  TTY  machine hooked into an acoustical  coupler to a mainframe far far away
(at least it seemed that way <grin>). Programming was done on paper tape.

     In  1981, I got my very own computer.  A Commodore 64 machine with a tape
drive  and black & white monitor. I just  wasn't satisfied. I KNEW there was a
big  world  out  there, and I wanted to be  part  of  it. So I bought a 300bps
modem.

     I  honestly don't remember my first BBS logon. It was during a time in my
life between attending college and joining the Navy. It seemed as though I was
up  all  night,  every  night, calling BBSes.  This  was  in  Houston, TX. The
location  was  important,  I believe, because  there  were  no limits on calls
within  your own area code, not like here in California :(. I was able to call
ANYWHERE  in  that area code. In those days,  it  was a hotbed of BBSes! I was
known  simply as "The Bear". My dialing directory on my old EagleTerm had 100+
listings in it (easily), and I called them all at least 4 times a week.

     My Father was also interested in BBSing. He got hooked on Compuserve back
in  '81-'82. He was un-hooked soon after he got his first bill. Along the way,
he  discovered  a little-known BASIC 2.0 BBS  program called The Keep. Since I
had  a lot of experience in BASIC, even  then, we took that little program and
hacked  on it until we came up with  our own variation. In 1982, Valhalla BBS,
with Odin as the SysOp, went online. Since I didn't live with him, I opened my
own  BBS  across  town called Ye Olde  Inn  III.  We continued programming and
running  those  BBSes together until 1984, when  I  joined the Navy. My Father
kept that BBS going uninterrupted for 8 years. It closed in 1990.

     During  my  stay  in  the Navy, I  didn't  get  to  BBS much. Electronics
Technician  "A" and "C" schools and shipboard  life keep you moving around too
much to really be able to BBS. But the yearning never left me.

     In  1988, after being honorably discharged, I reappeared on the BBS scene
in  San  Diego, CA. This time as Papa Bear  -- in honor of my firstborn son. I
was  active  mostly in the, uh,  "underground"  of Commodore BBSing. Something
that  I'm  >not<  proud of, but something  that  I  learned a great deal from,
especially programming.

     In  1989,  I moved to Adak, AK (my wife  is  still in the Navy, and we go
where  she goes). There I gave up  Commodore BBSing and anything even remotely
illegal.  I  also  met  Frank Reid. Here  again  my  BBS direction had changed
dramatically  because  I  had this new IBM  machine,  a  WWIV BBS program, and
first-hand  access  to one of the  WWIV programming "Gods" <grin>. I've always
wanted to return to sysoping, so I did. Thanks to Frank's help, I also started
programming in C for WWIV.

     So  in 1990, StarPort Valhalla (Valhalla in honor of my first BBS, some 8
years  earlier, and StarPort because I was a Trade Wars fanatic back then) was
officially commissioned.

     In  1992,  we  moved to our current  location  here at sunny Alameda, CA.
StarPort  Valhalla  is  going stronger than ever,  and  I'm enjoying life as a
sysop.  I  think (and my wife does too  <grin>) that I'll be sysoping from the
grave, if possible.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Midnight Tree Bandit #1 @8411

     It  was  the  summer of 1987, and  I  was  working for a startup software
developer. I was at the time the only employee, and my duties mainly consisted
of  evaluating  software  and sitting around  doing  nothing. We had a 1200bps
modem  in the old AT&T 6300 there, and  lacking anything else to do, I started
exploring BBSes, at first mainly to get information in relation to the work we
were  doing.  I  was  calling long distance  a  lot,  not having any local BBS
numbers  to  use.  Then I discovered the  Blue  Ridge Express, one of the best
BBSes on the East Coast. BRE now has 36 phone lines, but back then it had only
15.  Anyway, from there, I picked up  some other numbers, so I started calling
around.

     Like many new BBSers, my main aim was to grab files. Mainly I was picking
up  files  that  would  be useful for  our  operation.  Then I came across The
Haunted  Forest, an Apple BBS (using GBBS Pro, the software that could be what
WWIV  is  based on, judging by the  similarity  of interface and the fact that
Wayne  Bell cited Apple BBSes as the model  the first WWIV was based on). This
was  the first purely message based BBS I came across. I was hooked... lots of
friendly  people  to talk to and I started  making  friends, some of whom I am
still in contact with. Soon thereafter, I discovered The Phone Boothe, running
WWIV  3.21.  This was even better, and before  too  long, I was making quite a
name  for myself with lengthy and opinionated posts about whatever subject was
at  hand.  In those days, that name  was Moribund the Burgermeister (see Peter
Gabriel's  first  album). I was hooked. Nay,  I was obsessed. I wasn't working
much, and BBSing was about all I did.

     When  I came across my first Fido BBS,  I was fascinated by the idea of a
network  connecting  BBSes everywhere. My first stab  at  trying to be a sysop
involved  downloading  OPUS and the related  Fido software. I never got beyond
the  docs. It was suggested that I have 10MB  free, and my old AT&T only had a
10MB  drive. Then, on night, I was talking  to Dave Boothe, sysop of The Phone
Boothe,  and  he told me how easy it was  to start a WWIV board, and made WWIV
3.21  and  a copy of Turbo Pascal available to  me. I had a basic board up and
running  within 20 minutes. Based on my name,  I called it Deadtown and had it
available  as a call-back board for about a  month (we had only one phone line
in a house with 5 people, and it had call waiting on it... there was no way to
disable  it back then). It was a good  board. At least, that's what I was told
by the four or five dedicated callers it had.

     Then,  in  March  of '88, I moved out  of  town  to a little place with a
population  of 3000. Needless to say, BBS desert. I had serious withdrawal and
ran up some bills calling Richmond from work. After a few months, I had enough
money to get a phone line and in October I set up the Rappahannock Vaporbboard
for  the  first time. I only had one line,  so it was a part-time BBS. By this
time,  WWIV 4.03 was out and networking was available. I set up a link and the
BBS  mainly operated as a mail node so I could stay in touch with Richmond via
WWIVnet.

     It  was about this time that many  message were going around saying "gee,
this  networking thing is really cool... but how do we know where the messages
are  coming from?" Back in the early days of WWIVnet, there was no line in the
message  header saying where the message came from. So I examined the code and
came  up with a very simple little mod that put a fido-type tagline at the end
of  a  message (didn't work with full-screen  editors,  but then, the only one
available  was FSED, and few used it. It was my first mod, and it was not long
before many people were using it.

     The  phone bills got to me, and I lost my phone line the following March.
Then,  in October '89, I got two lines  and started up RVBBS again. It went on
till  I  moved  back to Richmond, at  which  point it moved to Deanna's house,
since  I did not have a place to put  it yet. The name was changed to just The
Vaporboard.  It  ended  up staying there, and  after  a  few months, it became
obvious  that 1) it was not going to leave Deanna's living room, and 2) Deanna
was  doing  most, if not all, of the work.  So  she and I traded places, and I
became #2 at the Vaporboard, and my handle changed to Midnight Tree Bandit.

     After a almost two years of co-sysoping the Vaporboard with Deanna, I got
the  itch to have my own BBS, and Deanna  was wanting to shed some of the subs
that  were  more my interest, and thus  was the Many Titled Board born, taking
over  some of my subs that I had started on the Vaporboard back in the WWIVnet
days.

     The rest, as they say, is (recent) history.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Well,  there we have it. From Chris,  Papa and MTB. Folks raking up phone
bills,  finding  out about themselves,  and  modding uncontrollably until they
finally  exploded  or something. (No, if I  was  being honest, I would have to
admit  to having no idea what I mean  either. But I ain't gonna be honest. :-)
hehehehe)

     What  this  series  of  stories from various  folks  has  shown us all is
something  very important. That BBSing and computers are part of the world and
life  as we understand it, and sometimes  don't understand it. I hope this has
made  a  few  more of us understand that  other  folks  you e-mail and post to
across  the  network are not computers,  but  people. Maybe a little different
from you at times, but people none the less. Remember that. Then hit them with
that large bat you got anyways. :-)

    ÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Silly Strings - From IceNET Sysops Everywhere ³ Ima Moron (1@9661)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     As  you will probably notice the Silly Strings title states; "From IceNET
Sysops  Everywhere",  but  I have been  adding  other network taglines to this
section of the IceNEWS Journal.

     This  editions  taglines  are a compendium  of  what  I feel are humorous
taglines  found on various network subboards that  I carry on Das' Tube BBS! I
hope you enjoy these.

   From: Pep'e Le Peau 1@9653 IceNET
   I tried OS/2 once, but I didn't inhale

   From: Teddy Bear 65@9406 WWIVnet
   Hello, I'm part number İİ³³Ş³³İ

   From: Tiny Tim 30@2080 WWIVnet
   It's not my responsibility to sound convincing

   From: "The Prezident" 4@3956 WWIVnet
   Ahgg there is no "Cent" key on this keyboard

   From: Ima Moron 1@9661 IceNET
   2› tagline follows...
   I could while away the hours, while talking to the flowers...

   From: Shadow Cat 187@9448 IceNET
   HELP! I'm being held prisoner in a Chinese micro processor factory...!!

   From: Stranger 51@9660 Raddnet
   death is the nations #1 killer...!!

    ÄÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ WWIVland Word Power Puzzle ³ Phantasm (ExpressNET 1@9901)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
    ³ To solve this INCREDIBLY difficult puzzle, answer the questions on  ³
    ³ the left.  Fill in the corresponding blanks (hyphens) on the right. ³
    ³ When all questions are anwered, the column with EqualSigns (=) will ³
    ³ spell out the final answer. Good luck!                              ³
    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

The largest Network in WWIV history:                =------
Wayne Bell's Handle:                            ----=-
The file that holds your User's information:     ---=.---
Language WWIVv3.x was programmed in:           -----=
WWIV's Uglist SysOp:                          ------= -----

Home BBS of ICENet:                       --- ----- =---- -----
Word for a second WWIV line:                    ----=---
Program that links Network packets together:   -----=

DOS command that SysOps most fear:                  =-----.---
Most popular OnLine game for WWIV:           -------=- -------- --
"Wayne"-C prototype that says "[PAUSE]":     void --=-----(void);
Graphic Protocol that supports rodents:             =-------

Protocol that supports Bidrectional Transfers:  __/_=__
DOS command that sets an environemnt variable:      =__

The >male< author of TradeWars:           ____ _ ___=__
IMHO                                          __ __ =_____ _______
A herd of Subs                             _________=

Another term for insulting a User                   =_____
The 'G' in GFiles:                                  =_____
The latest in the Space Dynasty series:  ______ ____= _____
Jafo's program to post rules (etc) automatically: __=_____
C modifier meaning NOT:                             =

                                                   .ø
Secret Message:    _____ ___ ____ __ ___ _____  <-~


  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
  ³ IceNEWS is an independent newsletter published monthly as a service to ³
  ³ IceNET, its sysops and users.  The opinions & reviews expressed herein ³
  ³ are the expressed views of the respective writers. All Rights Reserved.³
  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
