     ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ·ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ·ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ·ÚÄÄ· ÚÄÄ·ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ·ÚÄÄ·      ÚÄÄ·ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ·
     ³ ÄÄÄÄÄ º³ ÄÄÄÄÄ º³ ÄÄÄÄÄ º³  º ³  º³ ÄÄÄÄÄ º³  º      ³  º³ ÄÄÄÄÄ º
     ÔÍ¸   ÉÍ¼³  ÉÍÍÍÍ¼³  ÉÍÍÍÍ¼³  º\³  º³  ÉÍÍÍÍ¼³  º      ³  º³   ÉÍÍÍ¼
       ³şşşº  ³şşº     ³şşÓÄ·   ³şşºş³şşº³şşÓÄ·   ³şşº ÚÄÄ· ³şşº³şşşÓÄÄÄ·
       ³±±±º  ³±±º     ³±±ÉÍ¼   ³±±º\³±±º³±±ÉÍ¼   ³±±º ³±±º ³±±ºÔÍÍ¸±±±±º
     ÚÄÙ   ÓÄ·³  ÓÄÄÄÄ·³  ÓÄÄÄÄ·³  º ³  º³  ÓÄÄÄÄ·³  ÓÄÙ  ÓÄÙ  ºÚÄÄÙ    º
     ³ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛº³ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛº³ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛº³ÛÛº ³ÛÛº³ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛº³ÛÛÛÛÚÄÄ·ÛÛÛÛº³ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛº
     ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼ÔÍÍ¼ ÔÍÍ¼ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼ÔÍÍÍÍ¾  ÈÍÍÍÍ¼ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
     Volume 4, Issue 1      The Journal of IceNET           January 1994
     ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
     ³ The Editor's Desk                                                ³
     ³ 1. From The Top                                              1@1 ³
     ³ 2. Letters To The Editors                         1@6974, 9@7654 ³
     ³                                                                  ³
     ³ Feature Article                                                  ³
     ³ 3. Running a Sub-Board                                    9@7654 ³
     ³                                                                  ³
     ³ WWIV Specific                                                    ³
     ³ 4. New Sysop's Helpline                                   1@4707 ³
     ³ 5. Running WWIV Under Windows                             1@9680 ³
     ³                                                                  ³
     ³ Hardware                                                         ³
     ³ 6. Building a Personal Computer System Part 2             1@6754 ³
     ³ 8. Hardware Review - Gravis Ultrasound                  290@6754 ³
     ³                                                                  ³
     ³ Light Bytes                                                      ³
     ³ 9. An Interview With Santa Claus!                         9@7654 ³
     ³ 10. The Night Santa Came                                  1@9961 ³
     ³ 11. Silly Strings                                         1@9961 ³
     ³ 12. User Horror Stories                                   2@7653 ³
     ³ 13. New Year's Resolutions                                2@7653 ³
     ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ


                       T H E   E D I T O R ' S   D E S K
                       ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ From The Top ³ Jim 1@1
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     Some  say the world is a mess. Some  say it's too late. Maybe not. All of
us  pulling together, doing the right thing,  can make a difference. In IceNET
about  800 or so systems and sysops work  together to make a network. We share
our  fun, our ideas, and our frustrations.  We fight, we play, we make friends
across  the modem, we enjoy each other and at times we frust- rate each other.
Just as in a family, we have all ages and all kinds of values.

     But  the  values we demonstrate that bring  out the best in us is helping
others,  solving  their problems as though they  were  ours, lending a hand by
sharing  thoughts  and  solutions. If there's  one  thing I've learned in this
game,  it's  that giving IS better then  receiving. That doing to others as we
would  have  others  do to us is a  sound  and worth-while goal to have in our
network endeavors.

     Here's hoping you find this issue of IceNEWS enjoyable, and that your NEW
YEAR  is  a happy and prosperous one. I'm  looking  forward to a great year in
IceNET for 1994. Special thanks to Will 1@6754 for being this issue's Managing
Editor,  and  all  the contributing authors.  Also,  I'd like to announce that
Louie  9@7654  has been promoted to  the  general title of Editor-At-Large and
will be the M/E for our upcoming February issue. Louie is a long-time frequent
contributor to IceNEWS and even acted as Co-Editor of the publication for last
February's  (1993) issue. Congratulations to Louie for a fine job and the best
of luck for the future.

Now, without further ado, I present to you IceNEWS!

                           úù+* Happy Holidays *+ùú

                      Jim 1@1   IceNEWS Editor-In-Chief
                      ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Letters To The Editors ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

Lord Visionary, 1@6974, writes to Deacon Blues, IceNEWS Light Bytes Editor:

     "I read your article [`SysGods: SysOps With An Attitude'] in the December
issue of IceNEWS [Volume 3, Issue 3]. Very interesting! I have experienced bad
sysops in my time, but that one really took that cake. Did that really happen,
or was it fictional?"

Deacon Blues replies:

     "The  SysGod in the story, The All-Powerful 1, was a fictional character,
as were the BBS itself, any user names in the BBS logs, and the `capture' file
that  supposedly represents the events of my calls there, although it is based
loosely  on several sysops that I've encountered  in my travels. While I won't
reveal  the names of those who served  as examples for the composite character
of The All-Powerful 1, I will say that they are all currently out of BBSing. I
can't imagine why. :)"

              ---------------====================---------------

Louie, 9@7654, writes to All:

     Hi, this is an open letter to all IceNET, WWIVnet, & WWIVlink sysops. The
three  major networks (size is my basis  for assigning major status) have many
people  that  people  ask for help. In  WWIVnet  you  have Random and Filo. In
WWIVLink  you  have MTB, Deanna, Parapuke,  Linwood Davis, etc. etc. In IceNET
you have Jim!

     Jim  is also a major player in WWIVnet and WWIVlink as well. I don't know
how  many people out there know that Jim is not only the Network Coorinater of
IceNET but is also an Area Coordinator in WWIVnet and WWIVlink.

     I'm  Jim's main co-sysop. I know Jim. I  know a little about his life and
how  much time he has on his hands. I also know he doesn't have enough time to
deal with everything in his life at times.

     Jim  works 12-14 hour days as an  engineer. Jim now lives in Springville,
NY - near where he works. He used to live in Amherst, NY. Amherst was a 2 hour
drive  from where he worked. So, a few  months ago Jim moved south so he could
be closer to work. He did this, in large part, so that he could have more time
to read E-mail, posts, and deal with his many responsibilities as a Sysop.

     You  want to know what jobs and responsibilities he has as a Sysop/BBSer?
They  are: IceNET NC, WWIVnet 716 AC, WWIVlink 716 AC, Sysop of the 716 IceNET
Server  (which serviced the big 3 nets  plus 12-15 small nets), WWIV 4.23 Beta
Test  Site  on Paragon (Jim hunted for bugs  in the new version), SDS Site for
WWIV  4.23, member of WWIVlink's Guidelines  Committee, member of WWIV Con '94
planning committee, publisher of IceNEWS, host of roughly 15-20 different subs
on  TGWN and Paragon, E-mail! E-mail! E-mail!,  dealing with a co-sysop on the
verge  of  a nervous breakdown every now  and then (that's me), ect. ect. ect.
ect. ect. ect. ....

     I  think I've gotten my point across about  what Jim does for BBSing on a
national level. Jim is also a member of Jim-Tree-Lou Productions, which stages
the  WNY  BBS Events sometimes (picnics  and  other social gatherings of local
sysops and users).

     Jim,  himself, never complains about the time constraints that he has. He
does  all this out of a love for BBSing.  He has so much work, though, that he
brings  in co-sysops to help him out. That is  where I come in. I run the subs
that  Jim hosts on his two boards. I watch the logs for users gone insane (you
know  the  type...  the  mass  mails to 40  people  about  how  he  has a long
**beep**).  I  watch the skies for anything.  There is also Trigger, who deals
with  the transfer sections. Who did you  think tested all the files for virii
and stuff? I couldn't do that.

     All  in  all,  I spend 2 hours a  day  on  the board helping Jim. Trigger
spends  about 90 minutes every call on the board himself. That is 3.5 hours of
work that Jim doesn't have to do himself.

     I did not even list all the things that Jim has to deal with. He likes to
mod  every now and then sometimes. He has to validate new users like all other
sysops  (I  am  kind of surprised he hasn't  tried  to push this one off to me
yet).  He likes to try new things with  the board. TGWN ran a Tradewars Tourny
once. Jim brought Zeus, 2@7664, to run that for him.

     Jim  does  a  bunch of great stuff  for  all  sysops and users around the
country  and  in  Western New York. But he  doesn't  have  all the time in the
world.  He  works  a lot and he BBSes a  lot.  If  you can ask somebody else a
question  and get an answer to it locally... ask that person in your area. Jim
won't  tell  you  to go away. He will  gladly  help you. It's just he has 100+
other people asking him questions all the time too.

     Jim  by  far  isn't  the  only sysop  that  has  these  problems  of time
constraints  either.  I'm  sure that Random,  Filo,  Parapuke,  MTB, and other
sysops around the country have the same problems. Jim just happens to be loved
by  everybody.  And  sometimes  you all may  love  him  a  tad too much. Just,
maybe...  instead  of  asking Jim a question  in  e-mail  next time you have a
problem...  post  it on a sysop sub. Jim  may  answer your question on the sub
then.  But some other sysop with lots of  know-how may be able to help you out
as  well.  Give Jim a break sometimes, and  give  the newer sysop with lots of
know-how a break too. Lots of those guys would love to help you. You just have
to ask them.

     Thanks  for listening to my ramblings. Jim is a great guy. That is why he
does everything for us.

     If  you have a comment or complaint  about what I've written here, e-mail
me, Louie, at 9@7654 in IceNET (or 9@7663 WWIVnet, 9@17652 WWIVlink).
                      ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ


                        F E A T U R E   A R T I C L E
                        ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ How to Post & Run A Sub-board ³ Louie 9@7654
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     What  is  the  purpose  of BBSing?  The  standard  answers are enjoyment,
downloading  files, games, messages, advice on tech matters, etc. etc. But all
these involve one basic thing: Communication.

     People  call  BBSes in order to  communicate  with other people. The most
direct  method  communication  are messages  posted  on  sub-boards. E-mail is
between  only two people. File Transfers are indirect communication. Games are
communication  between people wanting to have fun, and that is still indirect.
A  post  communicates  with  more people at  one  time  than any other form of
communication  within BBSing. A post is read  by several people. It isn't only
directed at one person.

     Since  the  posting of messages is  the  most important aspect of BBSing,
then  people  probably should take a little  time just to think about the best
method  to post a message. These are some of my ideas on the subject. They are
not  "handed  down  from on-high". They are  simply  my opinion. Treat them as
general guidelines at most.


                           How Should A BBSer Post?
                           ------------------------

1) Say Something :

     "I  agree"  just doesn't say anything. Why  do you agree with the person?
Why  might  your  opinion  differ  from  the  person  you're  replying to? Say
something  you want to say. If it is a newer topic then maybe you should think
a  little before posting about it the first  time. Work up a nice position and
some defenses of your position.

2) Try To Be Polite And Good Humored :

     People will listen and want to post with something they like. If you come
off  as an a--, then people will treat you like one. Do not abuse other people
in a post. Don't belittle them. If somebody asks a "dumb" question, explain to
them  why they might be wrong. Also,  a little joking sometimes can't hurt and
it  can  help.  If people are nice to  each  other and can joke a little, then
people  will  want  to continue posting to each  other.  If it is just a large
legal-type  battle  between  people that don't  like  each other, then after a
while  one  or  more of those involved will  just  go  away cause it isn't fun
anymore.

3) Fun :

     Fun is important. Remember that communication is a lot better when people
are  having  fun.  It is important. Remember  it.  When in doubt as to whether
somebody  was  "flaming"  you,  or  if they  might  just  be  having  a little
good-natured ripping fun, interpret it as the good-natured ribbing.

4) Take Other People's Points Into Consideration:

     Answer  people who bring up other ideas that you may disagree with. Don't
ignore  them  because  you  don't like  their  opinion.  Jim (The Ayatollah of
IceNET)  and  I rarely agree on politics  and  religion. We still talk to each
other though.

5) Try To Spell Correctly And Use Good Grammar:

     Don't pick on another person's poor spelling or grammar. Some people just
can't  spell. Always remember, the person's point is more important than their
spelling.

6) Avoid Chain Posting :

     Chain  Posts are a bunch of posts from the same person on the same topic.
20  posts in a row from anybody gets annoying as heck after you have read 4 or
5  of them. People start to space- bar your posts after a while when you chain
post.  You  want  them  to read what you  post.  Be  nice to those you wish to
communicate  with. Try condensing your 20 posts  down to 4-6 or so good posts.
People will appreciate your doing that.

7) Flaming And/Or Warring Is BAD! BAD! BAD! :

     Don't do it. No one other than those fighting care about any of the crap.

8) Stick To The Topic Of The Sub :

     Don't post about Sports on the programming sub. Sub is short for Subject.
Stick to the Sub-board's subject.

9) Do Not Over Quote :

     Try  to  add about as much text to  your post as you quoted from the post
your  responding  to. Personally, I don't like  reading a whole slew of quotes
only to see three lines of added text. I doubt others like quotes much either.
Only  quote  as much as you need to,  but not a line more. Also, remember that
somebody  has  to pay to transfer those  messages  across the country. I don't
think  too many sysops like to pay phone bills to have lots of quotes to their
board.  Myself, I don't quote. Ever. If I can't point out what I am responding
to without a quote, then I don't think I really know how to post.

10) Don't Swear :

     This  is  simple. Some people don't like  to  read a whole bunch of swear
words. Keep them to the subs where they are acceptable.

11) Most Importantly :

     Obey  any sub rules that the host of  a sub has. If you're in doubt about
the  rules  of  a sub, post to or mail  the  sub host asking for a copy of any
rules. It'll save many-a-problem between you and the host in the future.


                          How Do You Run A Good Sub?
                          --------------------------

     Several  people  around the network run  sub-boards in the network. I run
several  of Jim's subs. The IceNET National General (subtype 48000), Political
Thoughts  and Remarks (61000), Philosophy Sub (58000), Network Sports (28000),
the  Santa  Sub (SANTA), Learning C  (17654), Cosysop Support Sub (57654), The
Art  of  Dungeon Mastering (DMMING), The Meanings  of Love (7654), etc. etc. I
run all those subs for Jim on TGWN (@1) and Paragon (@7654).

    The best ways I have found to do this job is to :

A) Post on the Sub in Question :

     People will then see posts to respond to. I sometimes take positions very
different from my real opinion in order to get people to respond to me and get
the sub active. In other words, play the Devil's Advocate.

B) Network Validate the sub and delete the below par posts :

     Delete  anything  that don't meet you view  of  what a good post is. That
will keep the sub running in a manner that you approve of as the sub host.

C) Let people know you're the sub host :

     Be personable.

D) Advertise the sub on the Yellow Page forums :

     Few  sub-hosts  create  their  subs  to be  read  only  by  a few people.
Advertising your sub is the best way to get subscribers. Try to get a constant
influx of new systems.

E) E-mail constant offenders of the sub rules and let them know that they are
   out of line.

     Those are the ways I run all the subs I host for Jim.  It seems to work.


                       Conferences!  New with WWIV 4.23
                       --------------------------------

     The  newest  version  of  WWIV, version  4.23,  brings  a  new feature to
WWIVdom:  Conferences.  Conferences are a  way of sub-dividing sub-boards into
sub-sections  of subs. Instead of having all the subs at the main menu now you
have them in their own conferences. The main menu is still there, you just now
also  get to use the curly brace ( {} ) to travel thru the conferences as well
as using the arrow bracket ( <> ) to travel thru the subs.

     The  advantages  of  this are simple.  You  can  sub-divide the subs into
logical  groups.  For  example,  you could put  all  the  debate subs into one
conference called "Debate". Jim and I have done that on TGWN and Paragon.

     For  the  sysop (or remote cosysop)  to access the sysop conference menus
you  do a //CONFEDIT or a //JE. (I don't really know why //JE as the short cut
command  other than //CE was for //CHAINEDIT. I assume the J stands for "Join"
or  some  such  thing.  J  for  a  normal  user  is  used  for  Joining  other
conferences.)

     Subs  in  a  conference  at  not  listed  in  the  order  they  appear in
//BOARDEDIT  either.  They  are  listed in the  way  they  are  added into the
conference. If subs 1, 5, and 8 are added to a conference as 8, 1, and 5, then
they  appear in that order. If you want to add a sub in the middle you have to
wipe  out all the subs there and then add them all again in the order you wish
them to be there in.

     Also,  subs  can  be in more than  one  conference. This is good for subs
where  you  are not sure what their topic might  be.  If it seems to be both a
debate sub and a general sub you could place it in the debate grouping as well
as  in  the general grouping. This is good  for  local subs as well. You could
have  a conference of all your non-netted subs as well as having them in their
logical groupings as well.

     This  last point also allows you to  put a Sysop Announcements sub in all
the conference. I did this on Paragon. That way users that just log on to read
the sports subs still see what the Sysop wants them to know.

     New-scanning  conferences  in  weird, though. When  you  hit "N" you only
new-scan  the conference you are in. Random and his programming team added the
/A command (why /A I have no idea! Oh, it just hit me. A for All! It took me 3
weeks  to  figure that out. The WWIV  brain trust at work!)... anyway, /A will
new-scan  all the subs. But it does this by looking at everything as one giant
Conference.  It  doesn't new-scan thru Conference A  to B and then to C. Nope,
that would make sense. And I am sure that would have been simple to do since I
saw a mod for doing just that within a couple of days of the release.

     One last thing about having one sub in more than one conference. It marks
all  the messages as read after it has been  read in Conf A. You don't have to
re-read them when you get down to Conf. H where the sub might also be.

     Now,  what  are some ways to set  up  conferences. The three logical ones
that pop out at me are:

     1) By  Topic,  as  I  said  before.  All  the  Debate  subs in the Debate
Conference.

     2) By Network. All the IceNET Subs in the IceNET Conference.

     3)  Personal.  For example, on TGWN Jim  has  one conference with all the
subs  he likes to read in it. This makes  it easy for him to just sit down and
hit  "N" and read them all real quick  without having to travel around all the
conferences.  This  last  option really isn't  viable  for  anybody other than
sysops though.

     Well,  I  just  wanted to go a  little  into Conferencing in this article
because  it is new and it relates to  subs and stuff. I think that some people
can use some of this info. Besides, from what I hear... the docs don't seem to
be  too great at this point. I haven't  looked at them myself, though. So, put
the Axe down, Filo. Just listening to all the great unwashed Sysops. I suggest
that they take a bath.


                   Louie 9@7654 IceNEWS Contributing Writer
                   ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ


                           W W I V  S P E C I F I C
                           ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ WWIV New Sysops Helpline ³ Jack Ryan 1@4707
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     When  I  originally  started to write  this  month's  article on the WWIV
transfer  section,  it was mid-November. Since  that  time, I have moved 1,000
miles,  started a new job, and a new version of WWIV has been released. Due to
my  move, I have only had the new version  for about a week. To say that I'm a
little  hesitant  about  doing  my  originally  planned  article  would  be an
incredible understatement. Instead, I'm going to try to review what appears to
be  the most asked questions on the sysop  subs about 4.23. Next month I'll go
forward with the original plan, and cover the file transfer area and CD-Roms.

     First, let me state that the docs for the new version of WWIV are a great
improvement over the old documentation. The staff that worked on that deserves
a  large  'thanks' from all of us. From  what I have seen on the various sysop
subs  that  I  subscribe  to, the  most  frequently  asked questions deal with
multi-language  support,  the  TRASHFON.TXT  file,  war  dialing  and multiple
instances.  I  will  try  to help clear  up  these  questions  in the next few
paragraphs.

     MULTI-LANGUAGE SUPPORT: WWIV now supports multiple languages by using the
string  files  (*.STR).  To  setup  multiple  languages  you  need  to  do the
following:

1. Create a sub-directory off of your WWIV\GFILES  directory for each language
   (other than English) that you plan on supporting.

2. Place the appropriate BBS.STR file in each of those sub- directories. These
   files can be obtained at the SDS sites, as well as numerous other boards.

3. In  'INIT' select option 'L'  (Language Support).  Type in 'A' to add a new
   language.

A. Mine looks like this:

1. ENGLISH    GFILES\
2. SPANISH    D:\WWIV\GFILES\SPANISH
3. FRENCH     D:\WWIV\GFILES\FRENCH

As  of  December 19, 1993 I have been  unable to locate a menu for the Spanish
language,  or any German support, but I  understand that it is being worked on
and may be available by the time this article is released.

TRASHFON.TXT:  This  is  a file that  you  create that disallows certain phone
numbers.  It  is similar in purpose  to  TRASHCAN.TXT. The most commonly asked
question  about this is how to set the  end of file marker. Normally you would
just  hit F6 if you were doing a 'COPY  CON' or a <ALT>FX from the DOS editor.
This  particular file requires that you place the word 'end' on the last line,
and  it  is  case  sensitive,  therefore  be  sure  to  put  it  in lower-case
characters.

NET  BBS LIST: The old way of looking up a node number by typing in //NET=xxxx
is  gone. The new way is a big improvement (in my opinion), although there are
those  that  like  want  the ability to do  a  //NET=xxxx.  To  the best of my
knowledge there is no way to recreate that, outside of a mod.

MULTI-INSTANCE:  This has to have been the  most asked-for feature for WWIV to
incorporate,  and now it is here. In order to take advantage of multiple nodes
you  do  need  a  few  things.  The  most  obvious  is  a  system  that allows
multi-tasking.  The  documentation that came with  WWIV goes into detail about
Widows,  Desqview  and  OS/2  setup and  requirements,  so  I'll  just cover a
'fast-start'  setup for multi-instance capability.  The following steps should
enable you to run multiple instances of WWIV.

1. Create a sub-directory off of your  WWIV directory for each instance (other
   than  the first one) that you will have.  For example, if you were going to
   have two instances you would only need to create one sub-directory, calling
   it:   TEMP2.  (C:\WWIV\TEMP2).  Additional  instances  would  require  more
   sub-directories to be created as TEMPx.

2. Run INIT for each instance that you will  have. This is done by adding an x
   value  after INIT, such as INIT2. You will need to fill out all the options
   just  like  you would normally do, being  sure  to include the path to your
   TEMP  sub-directory.  If  your  second (or  third,  etc.)  instance is your
   keyboard,  then  you do not need to go  into the modem info option for that
   INIT.

3. Unless you are using OS/2 as your multi-tasker,  then you will also need to
   load the DOS SHARE command in able to run multiple instances.

4. If you are running an instance from the keyboard,  you will need to setup a
   batch file to call it. The batch file should look similar to this:

   C:
   CD WWIV
   SET WWIV_INSTANCE=2
   BBS -M -i2

     WAR  DIALING: This feature allows you to make repetitive callout attempts
to  your net connect. This feature is accessed by hitting the '.' from the WFC
(Waiting  For Caller Screen). The BBS will prompt you for the node number, ask
if  you are sure, it will then ask for  the number of times. To abort the call
you must hit 'H' to abort, then quickly hit the <ESC> key.

     Those  are the most frequently asked  questions that I've seen pop-up. If
you  have others, please contact me and I'll find some answers for you, and we
can  share  them  with everyone else. As  always,  I encourage your input with
regards  to  this column, as that is the only  way  that I know how I may best
assist  other sysops. I would like to hear from sysops running WWIV 4.23 under
Windows  and OS/2, so if you fall  into that category please e-mail me. Thanks
to all our readers, and I hope that your holidays were enjoyable!

         Jack Ryan 1@4707  IceNEWS Contributing WWIV-Specific Editor
         ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Setting up for Multi-Tasking under Windows 3.1 ³ Music Man 1@9680
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     Multi-Tasking under the environment of Windows requires the Enhanced mode
and  will  not  operate correctly in  standard  mode. It is strongly suggested
having  at  least  4 megs of RAM when  running  more than one instance of WWIV
4.2X.

     The  following are recommended settings for  use in PIF files for running
WWIV software.

     First,  it  is best to put your PIF  file  in your main bbs directory and
call  for it in the properties section when  you set up the new program on one
of your windows.

Set up to the following recommendations:

Filename: C:\BBS\wwiv.bat (Using the recommended bat file and your path).

Startup directory: C:\BBS (Or whatever your wwiv software is using for a path)

Video  Memory:  Set  to text mode ONLY.  WWIV  only requires text mode and all
other programs (chain etc.), will function correctly under this atmosphere.

Memory requirements:  KB required 550  KB limit 640
EMS memory required:  Set to 0         KB limit 4096 (Preferred, may use 2048)
XMS memory required:  Set to 0         KB limit 4096 (Preferred, may use 2048)

Please  note  that running WWIV with only  2 megs may pose potential problems.
Recommended RAM is 4096 OR MORE.

Display: Full screen               Execution:  Background box MUST be checked!
Set to close window on exit.

Under the next page in the PIF editor do the following.

Multi-Tasking  Options:  Background set to 200.  Foreground set to 200. (It is
recommended  to  set  your second and  above  instances  to 150 foreground and
background).

Do not set to detect idle time.

Memory Options: Check "Uses High Memory area"
                Lock Application Memory (This is important)
                DO NOT LOCK EMS OR XMS MEMORY!  This will cause
                problems on the second and above instances.

Display Options:  Check Emulate text mode ONLY.

Allow fast paste?:  Set to NO

     It  is  best  to name this  PIF  dile  bbs.pif. The windows documentation
suggests that windows will first look for a pif file with the same name as the
program software itself.

     Set  your  ports in Windows Control  panel to match your particular modem
and set it to software or hardware... if you are high speed, it must be set to
19200 for 14.4 or above, and hardware flow control set to on. Do not set it to
above 19200 unless you have turbo.com installed.

     In  the file called System.ini in your windows directory pay attention to
the following:

The [NonWindowsApp] section can contain the following settings.
____________________________________________________________
CommandEnvSize=<1024>  Do not make this size any larger.  If the environment
                       for Non windows applications is set to, say, 4096,
                       there will be problems with DSZ as stated in the DSZ
                       documentation.

     Please refer to the .wri files in your main windows directory for further
recommendations for the system.ini file.

     When  Multi-Tasking under windows, sometimes the bbs will take a few more
rings  to  answer while other applications,  or  instances are being executed.
This  will  not  cause  a problem except  for  users  who  have their terminal
programs  set  to  only  wait for a connect  a  short  time, 30 seconds or so.
Instruct  your users to set the wait  for connection to 60 seconds although it
probably will not take that long.

                Music Man  1@9680  IceNEWS Contributing Writer
                ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

                               H A R D W A R E
                               ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Building a PC System - Part 2 ³ Will 1@6754
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     In  the  last issue installment of  the series, we discussed the planning
aspect  of  Building a PC : how to  decide what components you want to have in
your new system and how to go shopping for them. In this issue, our proverbial
components have arrived, and we're ready to start building.

     NOTE:  It is not advised to go  about building a computer system directly
from  this  article!  Although the information  included  here is complete and
would  prove helpful in the construction of  a computer system, the author can
not  be  responsible  for any damages  incurred  during  your construction and
strongly recommends that you obtain a second source.

     The order you install the various components goes like this, roughly:

1. Power Supply into Case

2. SIMM Modules into Motherboard

3. Motherboard into Case

4. Floppy Drives and Hard Drives into Case

5. Hard and Floppy Interface Cards into Case

6. Video Card and Serial Cards into Case

7. Cover On

8. Monitor and Keyboard Connected

9. Power Up

     Step  1,  inserting your power supply into  the case, can actually be the
trickiest.  Many  cases will have their  power  supplies already installed. In
this  case, so much the better. If not, you're advised to examine the case and
read  the accompanying directions for both the  case and PS. The wide range of
available  PS  types makes it  impossible to definitively outline installation
here.

     Step  2, placing the SIMM modules  into the motherboard. This is possibly
the  most finicky part of construction. If possible, do this in a non-carpeted
room  and  wear  an anti-static wrist  strap.  Remove the motherboard from its
anti-static packaging and place it on top of the packaging. Ground yourself by
touching  a metal object (window frame,  pipe, plugged in computer) before and
after this.

     Next,  take  your first SIMM. Look at  the  motherboard and find the SIMM
bank  labeled  "BANK0".  At the first slot  in  this bank, slide the SIMM down
through  the  diagonal channel (there should be  two metal or plastic clips to
guide  it), and pull it into a  vertical position, chip banks facing away from
the  other  SIMM slots. This may require a  small  amount of force, but if you
feel  real resistance or see why the SIMM is not sliding up (or the clips look
as  if they're about to break), STOP and re-insert them. Repeat for all SIMMS,
moving back from the first slot of BANK0.

     Step  3,  placing your motherboard with  SIMMS into the case. Once again,
this  differs  from machine to machine and  it's  wise to consult your various
documentation.  Generally,  there  will  be a  set  of  plastic  clips, with a
circular bottom and and angling top, looking something like this:

                                     /^\
                                    |   |
                                   =======
                                     ===

     These will push up through the various holes in the motherboard, and then
slide  into  the various pear-shaped slots in  the  case bottom with the lower
"===". Consult your documentation and experiment (without pushing the top into
the  motherboard)  to  find the correct  placement.  Once  you have, lower the
motherboard  so the ==='s enter the large portion of the pear-shaped holes and
gently  slide  the motherboard forward so that  the ==='s slide into the small
side  of  the hole and remain firmly  there. Make sure the expansion slots are
lined  up  with the holes in the case  the keyboard hole and jack are aligned,
etc.

     Next,  take the bundle of cables that  should be hanging right beyond the
case  lights.  You'll notice a set of  two  or four-pronged pins. They'll have
labels  such  as  "Turbo", "SPKR", etc.  Connect  them to the matching cables.
Polarity  doesn't matter as much, I've  found, except for the speaker. Consult
your manuals for the proper alignments.

     Last,  hook the motherboard up to the  power supply. There will be a long
pinned  connector  on the motherboard and  two plastic power jacks coming from
the  power supply that are longer than  the others. Plug these in. It's almost
an  accepted  standard  that  the two BLACK  wires  are  on  the inside of the
connectors, touching, but double check first.

     With Step 4, adding hard drives and floppy drives, things become simpler.
All drives come with mounting instructions and diagrams, which you are advised
to follow. Generally, you just slide the drive bare into the bay, and screw it
in  from  the sides. With 3.5" devices  in  5.25" bays, you'll have to install
mounting  brackets.  Since this is such a  visual process, I won't describe it
any further here.

     After  you install the drives, take  however many of the power connectors
you  need from the mass connected to the  power supply and connect them to the
appropriate  slots on the drive assemblies. You can't miss them, and they only
go in one way.

     Step  5  involves  hooking in the  hard  and floppy drive interfaces, and
connecting  them to the drive. Because  these require in-computer cabling more
than  the others, it's advisable to do them first so you have more arm room to
work in.

     First,  unscrew  the cover on the case  at the end of the expansion slot.
Pick a slot near to the drives. It's a thin metal piece that bends over at the
top  with  a screwhole and has a tongue  at  the bottom. It looks like the end
piece  of  an  expansion  card.  Lift it  out  and  save  it.  Then, slide the
controller  card  down into the long expansion  slot so the gold connectors go
into  the  slot and the card is  fully  seated. It's endpiece should cover the
area of the cover you just removed. If your hard and floppy controllers are on
separate cards, install the other one as well.

     Now,  take the floppy cable - signified with five connectors, two with 50
pinholes  in  two  rows  for  3.5"  disk  drives,  two  looking like miniature
expansion  slots for 5.25" drives and one to hook into the card. If you want a
5.25"  drive for A (assuming you have  one), take the furthest 5.25" connector
and  connect it to the drive. They only  fit on way. Then, for the 3.5" drive,
take  the SECOND 3.5" connector (not the one next to the furthest end, but the
one  nearest  to  the  card  connector) and  hook  it  into  the  drive. PIN 1
(symbolized  by  a red line on the cable)  is almost always on the side of the
drive  furthest from the power supply. I have encountered exceptions, however,
so  please  check  your manuals. If your  floppy  drive  doesn't work, this is
probably why.

     Lastly,  connect the card connector to  the floppy connector on the card.
See your interface card manual for the location of the connector and Pin 1.

     The  hard drive (IDE) connects similarly,  although there are only 50 pin
connectors  on the cable. PIN 1 is usually closest to the power supply on hard
disks, but again, this has been known to vary, so check your manual.

     That's  it for now. Next issue  we'll finish putting the system together,
and power it up.

              Will 1@6754  IceNEWS Contributing Hardware Editor
              ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Hardware Review - Gravis UltraSound ³ Cuthalion 290@6754
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     The Gravis UltraSound (or GUS) is a different type of sound card from the
current  popular  sound card. It is not, as  many  other top of the line sound
cards  are, simply a Sound Blaster, with higher resolution sound or with added
whistles and bells.

     One  of the main flaws with the Sound Blaster(s), and Pro Audio Spectrum,
and  most popular sound cards, is that  they use FM synthesis. What this means
is  that  the card has been given  a  couple of mathematical functions (sines,
cosines,  etc.)  and it adds them up to  create  an instrument. If it wants to
play  that  instrument back at a higher  pitch,  it simply uses shorter sines,
cosines,  etc.  This  allows  for decent music,  but  does  not lend itself to
realistic instruments. After all, how many real world sounds are actually just
the sum of a few sinewaves?

     To  achieve truly realistic instruments,  a different method of synthesis
must  be  employed.  Gravis  is calling  this  method  of synthesis Wave Table
synthesis,  simply  because it involves a  table of waveforms. With Wave Table
synthesis,  the  sound  card has a bank  of  sampled real instruments. When an
instrument  is  'hit',  it just plays back  the  sample, mixing it in with any
other  instruments  which are currently playing.  Many of the instruments have
looping.  This method of synthesis is used in the popular Amiga .MOD files. An
other example of Wave Table synthesis is the expensive Roland MT-32 MIDI card,
which  generates  very rich, full sounding music.  The problem with it is that
all  of  its samples are in ROM,  which  limits it's versatility somewhat. The
Gravis  UltraSound  has banks of RAM, (up  to a meg) into which the instrument
patches  (the samples) are loaded. It can then play back the patches (up to 16
at  a time, in stereo) at the desired pitch, volume, panning, or whatever. The
sound  quality  depends on the quality of the  samples,  which can be up to 16
bit, 44.1 KHz. (CD quality) In addition to all of the utilities that come with
the  card,  about 5 Megs of  instrument  patches are included, with everything
from acoustic bass to xylophone, bongos to bagpipes. With RAM based Wave Table
synthesis,  the  GUS can play things  like .MOD files, with incredible quality
(oversampling, and all that stuff) while taking up little memory and almost no
CPU  time. (On a Sound Blaster, or similar card, the channels would need to be
mixed by the CPU, which is a large drain on speed.)

     However, because of this entirely different way of looking at synthesized
sound, the problem of compatibility (which is an issue with every new piece of
hardware)  is somewhat exacerbated. There is a TSR which will allow the GUS to
emulate  a  Sound Blaster, however it has a  hard time with the music. The TSR
must  determine which sample out of its 256K `FM synthesis library' is closest
to  the instrument that would be played over an actual Sound Blaster. Although
the  emulated FM synthesis still sounds OK and the digitized effects work fine
98% of the time, it is a pain just to have to load a TSR, which takes up about
26K of memory.

     On  the  other  hand, Advanced Gravis  has  recently released a TSR which
allows  the  GUS  to  emulate a Roland  MT-32,  Sound  Canvas, or General MIDI
device,  which many games support. It also  emulates a Sound Blaster's DAC for
playback of digitized effects. I'd have to say that the Roland music emulation
generates incredibly rich and full sound.

     More  recently, less need for emulation  is present. More games are being
released with direct support of the GUS. Some backward compatible drivers have
been  released  by  a few software  publishers,  (such  as Sierra On-Line) and
Gravis  has written Miles/AIL generic sound drivers, which allow any game that
uses  that  standard to support the GUS.  The GUS also comes with full Windows
drivers  (but no OS/2 drivers yet exist) so it is compatible with almost every
game  that  runs  under Windows. The  SDK  (software development kit) has been
released into the public domain, so shareware is coming to support it too.

     One  of Gravis's goals in creating the  GUS was to bring into existence a
sound  card capable of delivering stunning  sound at an affordable price. They
have  succeeded  on both counts. The GUS  is  available for as little as $129.
Another  advantage  to  the GUS is that  it  allows playback of multiple sound
effects simultaneously, so one effect will not be cut short by the next.

     Here are some statistics comparing the GUS to some other sound cards:

                      GUS        AdLib      SoundBlaster    SoundBlaster

Synthesized            32          11           11                 22
Voices

CD Quality Sound       ş           -            -                  -

Digital voices         32          0            1                  2

Stereo                 ş           -            -                  ş

On Card Memory        256K*        0            0                  0

Speed Adjusted         ş           -            -                  -
Game Port

MIDI Interface         ş           -            -                  ş

Sample Rate (kHz)     2-44.1       -          4-22                4-22

Recording
 Resolution (bits)     8(/16**)    -            8                  8

CD-Rom Interface       **          -            -                  ş

Playback
 Resolution (bits)     16          -            8                  8

On-board mixer         ş           -            -                  ş

*  Upgradable to 1 meg
** You need a daughter board to upgrade.

     There  are  some  problems  with the  GUS.  If  your motherboard does not
support  the NMI (Non-maskable interrupt) some  of the emulation TSRs will not
work. There are (as of yet) no OS/2 drivers for the GUS. In the year that I've
owned my GUS, I've had about 3 problems, 2 of them were while upgrading to the
newest  version of the software, (and my strange Windows directory setup) that
was mailed to all registered users from Gravis. All of my problems were worked
out  within a couple of hours. In general,  I feel that this is the best sound
card on the market, unless you have unlimited funds.

     I  have no affiliation with Gravis, except  that I own one of their sound
cards.

               Cuthalion 290@6754  IceNEWS Contributing Writer
               ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ


                            L I G H T   B Y T E S
                            ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ An Interview With Santa Claus ³ Louie #9 @7654
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     Very few people in the BBS community know that Jim Nunn, the Ayatollah of
IceNET,  knows  Santa  Claus.  After you think  about  it  for a little while,
though,  it becomes clear that Jim should  know the wonderful Mr. Claus. After
all,  JIm  does live in the Great White  North.  He even named his first board
after the place.

     Just down the road from Jim's Northern Penthouse is Santa's Workshop. Jim
first  met Santa one day when Jim was out shoveling the driveway, not uncommon
for a person living in the Great White North Pole area. Santa and his reindeer
just came jogging on by.

     "There  they all were," said Jim, "Santa  and Rudolph leading the pack of
those  wacky  reindeer. All of them were  out  jogging. It was unbelievable at
first."  Santa  confirmed  the fact that he  had  taken up jogging in the late
1970's.  He says he is still overweight, though. "All the jogging in the world
won't help you if you continue to down 4 dozen cookies, a gallon of ice cream,
and 7-8 Big Macs each day." commented Mr. Claus to this reporter.

     Santa  and  Jim  became  fast friends.  Jim  has  gotten  to meet several
imaginary  characters he never really thought  existed via his friendship with
Santa.  Jim said "I really loved getting  to meet the Great Pumpkin and Smokey
the Bear. Knowing Santa is great".

     This  Christmas  season Jim asked Santa to  make up an account on Paragon
(Jim's  second  board) and answer e-mail and  posts from all the BBSers around
the  WWIV  networks.  Santa  Claus  quickly  agreed  to  the  offer. "It makes
answering  mail  much  cheaper  for me. I  don't  have  to  buy stamps!" Santa
claimed.

     Jim  and  Santa  also started "The Santa  Sub"  in  each of the Big Three
Networks. The Subtype, naturally enough, is SANTA.

     Now, on to the interview with Santa!

Louie:  Santa,  it  is great to finally  meet  you.  Jim has said several nice
        things about you.

Santa:  Don't believe a word of it. Everything he told you was lies!

Louie:  No, really Santa. Jim Nunn said great things about you.

Santa:  Oh Jim Nunn. That IceNET Guy. I thought you meant Jiminy Cricket. That
        little guy can drive you insane. He also steals silverware.

Louie:  So, how are things in the Great White North Pole?

Santa:  Fine. The Elves have got production  numbers way up this year. Rudolph
        has  finally gotten himself into an AA  Program. Jim is letting me use
        IceNET  to  answer  mail for kids  all  around the country. Mrs. Claus
        finally got down to the eye doctor to get my new glasses so I can read
        the  letters  easier  now.  Things  are  really  looking  up  for this
        Christmas.

Louie:  It sounds a little like you have had problems in the past.

Santa:  Yeah, normally we have a bunch of problems.

Louie:  Such as?

Santa:  Well, back in 1986 the Elves formed  a Union. I can't pay them the low
        wage  Mexican-like  rates I used to any  more.  The Elves even went on
        strike  back  in  '88. If it hadn't  of  been for those scab Dwarves I
        hired that year, Christmas would have been a total bust. And due to my
        hiring of the scabs, I had one ugly Elf riot that year.

Louie:  The elves have a union?

Santa:  That's  what  I said, ain't it, you  putz!  They call it ELFCO : Elven
        Labor  Federation and Cooperative. I really can't stand them any more.
        I have to pay those little twerps 28 dollars an hour now.

Louie:  What is this about Rudolph and Alcoholics Anonymous?

Santa:  Well,  you see Rudolph's nose didn't glow bright because of some weird
        genetic  mutation.  He  drank Jack Daniels  like  it was water all the
        time.  Must  have downed a good case  and half of it each day. Blitzen
        has  been  trying  for  years to  get  Rudolph  help  for his drinking
        problem.  I even had spoken to him about it on occasion. But you can't
        force  somebody  with  a  problem like  that  to  get help unless they
        recognize that they have a problem.

Louie:  What made Rudolph see he had a drinking problem?

Santa:  It happened during the 1990 deliveries. Rudolph led us all into a bunch
        of  Anti-Aircraft  artillery fire over Iraq  during  the Gulf War. He's
        been sober ever since. Of course, his nose doesn't glow very bright any
        longer.

Louie:  How bright is his nose now?

Santa:  Oh,  you  can  still read by it.  But  it  doesn't  light up  the grand
        ballroom like it used too.

Louie:  As for the network: How do you like e-mail and posts from bbsers?

Santa:  For the most part, it is much better than those written letters that I
        get. I have trouble reading hand-scrawl. The US Postal Service is very
        often  real slow this time of year as well. E-mail in IceNET (And to a
        lesser degree WWIVnet and WWIVlink as well) really speeds things up. I
        save  a  ton of cash on stamps, too.  So do the little kids that can't
        normally afford stamps. I really like Jim helping me out with it, too.
        He  believes in me. Last year, I  tried to contact both Compuserve and
        Prodigy.  But folks at both places would never believe me when I would
        say  "Santa"  when  they asked me  "Who's  Calling." Those idiots kept
        telling me that I didn't exist.

Louie:  Do you get that a lot from people, their refusal to believe you exist?

Santa:  Yeah. Adults never want to believe that it is me when I say it's me. I
        call  up to ask permission from  the large toy companies for licensing
        to  have my Elves make their toys that  I can give them away to little
        kids.  I  can make Barbie's and  stuff because I finally convinced the
        folks  at Mattel that it really was  me. But the Fisher Price putziods
        just hang up on me whenever I call.

Louie:  So, how do BBSers measure up when it comes to what we are going to get
        from you this Christmas?

Santa:  Trust me, you don't want to know.

Louie:  I'm  sure our readers would love to  know.  We all can't have been bad
        people.

Santa:  Well, other than Filo, Jim and Linwood Davis, you're all getting coal.
        Heck,  I  had to put the miners  on overtime this past week to collect
        the  amount of coal I will drop on Midnight Tree Bandit's place. Death
        Knight is going to have a bunch in his stocking too.

Louie:  What about me?

Santa:  Like I said, don't ask. You've been a very bad boy.

Louie:  Well, lets move on to another topic now. How do you get along with the
        other Holiday characters?

Santa:  Fine.  The Holiday characters get  along  great normally. Peter Rabbit
        throws  a huge party down in his hole each year. We all meet there and
        have a few laughs. All the big names get invited.

Louie:  Who was at last year's party?

Santa:  Let  me think a moment; lets see  : Smokey the Bear, Tom Turkey, Uncle
        Sam,  Cupid, Old Man New Year,  the Great Pumpkin, Frosty the Snowman,
        The  Pillsbury  Dough  Boy, Curious  George,  Mickey Mouse, Winnie the
        Pooh,  Mother Goose, Hansel and Gretel,  Opus, etc. Normally there are
        about 30-40 of us at Peter Rabbit's parties.

Louie:  I see that all those names are specific holiday character dudes.

Santa:  That is true. We in the business figure if you are nice to animals and
        children  that  you are a member of  our  unofficial club. That is why
        guys  like Mickey Mouse and Smokey the Bear get included in our social
        circle. Besides, it is nice to have those guys around normally.

Louie:  You seem to imply that there are times when you don't like having them
        around.

Santa:  Well,  a couple of years back Smokey  the Bear and Winnie the Pooh got
        really  drunk  and went around mauling  campers.  It was a real sticky
        situation  for a while there. If it  wasn't for Mickey Mouse coming up
        with  the money to pay for hospital bills of the mauled campers and to
        bribe  state  and federal officials  into not pressing charges against
        those national treasures... Well, lets just say that the "Weekly World
        News" would have had a field day with the story.

Louie:  Smokey and Winnie mauling human beings. I can't believe it.

Santa:  I'm sorry, Louie, but according to my  lawyers I am not allowed to any
        more  on that subject. We were all  sworn to secrecy. I shouldn't have
        mentioned what i did there.

Louie:  We'll  move  on then.  How do you  get  the  toys delivered all on one
        night?

Santa:  Well it isn't easy. I'll tell you that. That part of the operation has
        gotten  a lot worse all through this  century. It used to be easier in
        the  past. In the beginning of this  century, you only had roughly one
        billion people in the world. Now, you have 5.2 billion running around.
        I  can't  disappoint the kids around the  world,  so I have to look at
        ways  of speeding up my operation. I've been thinking of replacing the
        reindeer all together with more modern equipment so I can keep up with
        the rising population.

Louie:  What would you replace the reindeer with?

Santa:  Well, I had Chief Engineer Scott and Lt. Commander Data up here at the
        workshop  two  weeks  ago. They said  I  could get a warp-drive engine
        cheap. All I have to do is say the magic word.

Louie:  What's the magic word?

Santa:  Snugglebunnys!

Louie:  What does "Snugglebunnys" mean?

[EDITOR'S  NOTE : This is a family publication. So, the graphic sexual content
of the interview with Santa has been edited out!]

Louie:  Now to a touchy subject. There are those groups in the world religious
        communities  that claim you are not  what you seem. These groups claim
        that when you re-arrange the letters in "Santa" you can spell "Satan".
        They  also  claim that you really are  the Dark Overlord of Hell. They
        would  like us to believe that you use  the guise of the Jolly Ol' Elf
        as  a  way of converting innocent youngsters  to  the ways of the dark
        side of the modem. Any truth in that?

Santa:  Well,  you  know  that you are  the  first  interviewer to ask me that
        question  outright. Lots of your kind of hint about it and beat around
        the  bush,  but, do not have the guts  to ask it directly. I find your
        candor refreshing.

Louie:  Could you please answer the Question.

Santa:  What if I were Satan? What would it prove?

Louie:  Well, that would make you evil.

Santa:  Ah, but, would it? You see... I have  two jobs. In one, I am the Jolly
        Ol'  Elf  who  brings  Christmas joy  to  billions  of little kids. In
        another,  I  am the mean bad [CENSORED]  of the deepest reaches of the
        pits of Hell. Two separate jobs.

Louie:  But  wouldn't you try to convert little  kids  to the dark side of the
        modem if you were Satan?

Santa:  Nope. You see, I have two jobs. When  I am Santa I am the nice guy you
        read  about  all the time. When I  am the Dark Overseer of the Burning
        Bath House, I  am a bad [CENSORED]. If  both jobs didn't pay so little
        cash, I could afford to quit one of them and go to full time work.

Louie:  Which job would you pick if you could?

Santa:  I'm really not sure. Both jobs have their good points.

Louie:  Thanks for the interview Santa. It was nice of you to let me drop by.

Santa:  Anytime,  Louie. I'll do anything for  Jim.  Whatever Jim wants of me,
        I'll give him.

Louie:  Well, let's just hope he doesn't want me dead, then.

Santa:  You should hope that, Lou. You should hope that. <<EVIL LAUGH>>

     Let's  just say that when Santa started to  laugh like that, I ran out of
there  like a bat out of Hell. But then,  Santa knows all about what a bat out
of Hell looks like, so I won't say that.

     Lots  of startling revelations in that  interview with the Jolly Ol' Elf.
We  found  out that Santa really is  Satan.  We should wonder if Midnight Tree
Bandit  will  survive Christmas. Will Smokey  the  Bear Bar-B-Q Rudolph in the
future? Scary stuff. Scary stuff.

               Louie 9@7654 & 6@1  IceNEWS Contributing Writer
               ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ The Day Santa Came... ³ Ima Moron 1@9661
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     I  like to think that I'm a nice guy sysop, so with Xmas wondering toward
us  on the calender I thought my users  might like to "chat" with Santa Claus.
The  idea  dropped on myself last year  when I called the local IceNET support
BBS, where I first eyed over one Santa version 1.0 written by Rich Waugh. As I
read through the docs I realized that I had one proverbial barrel of laughs, I
found  that  the door (YES! this was  written for Wildcat and Searchlight type
BBSs) created a logfile of the Santa and user dialogue.

     You'd  think  that a sysop would derive  a  boring dialogue of wants from
their  user  base, actually the users were  more  interested trying to trip up
their seasonal benefactor. I've edited out the best of what my users tried out
on the old boy from the north pole, and I've block copied that dialogue to the
lines  below.  BTW - I also fooled  around with editing the santa.dat response
file,  this is the keyword and  synonym-triggered responses that Santa replies
to the users.

     Special  thanks to 1@9653 The Electronic  Maelstrom BBS for E-mailing his
santa.log file which I have included in this editing.

ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º                             SANTA v1.0                             º
º DrawBridge BBS          (c)1992 Rich Waugh                  FIDO   º
º (303) 523-1717      (dialog written by Ray Barry)          1:369/2 º
º                       OBSERIAL 3.00 (c) 1992                       º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼

===============================================================================
Christina ?????,   entered SANTA v1.0 on 11-26 at 21:33
===============================================================================
Santa: Christina! Welcome to Santa's computer room. Come right in.
Santa: I see you're not alone...
Christina: just me and my cat..
Santa: What? I speak every language but there are some words I can't
Santa: read. Can you word that a different way?
Christina: no
Santa: no? Are you holding something back, like a name or description?
Christina: no
Santa: Tell me more.
Christina: I want Star Trek Stuuf for Christmas..
Santa: Tell me more.
Christina: More and more memory for my computer..
Santa: Some things warm Santa's heart... Computer is one of them.
Christina: And a faster modum and a bigger hard drive..
Santa: Try using different words. You're beyond my English vocabulary.
Christina: Santa needs to go to school..
Santa: I nearly got that. Try another sentence construction.
Christina: more money
Santa: Money is like having Santa around 12 months a year.
Christina: yes true
Santa: True for sure... or only a little? :)
Christina: bye
SANTA terminated normally at 21:37

****************************     Editors Note   *******************************
It is here that I felt that Santa needed some help with the users, you will
notice where I've edited some of the replies from Santa, with grace I hope.
****************************  End Editors Note  *******************************

===============================================================================
Dave ?????,   entered SANTA v1.0 on 11-27 at 20:22
===============================================================================
Santa: Dave! Welcome to Santa's computer room. Come right in.
Santa: I see you're not alone...
Dave: No I brought some friends.
Santa: Ah, being friendly and having friends brings joy to your life.
Santa: And to a friend's life also.
Dave: Yes does Santa...How did you get your name?
Santa: You have the spirit of Santa with you.
Dave: How did you get your name?
Santa: I nearly got that. Try another sentence construction.
Dave: How did you recieve your name?
Santa: Try using different words. You're beyond my English vocabulary.
Dave: How is Mrs. clause?
Santa: Earlier today Eliza finished the inventory of the wrapping paper and
Santa: ribbon. What brings you here this evening?
Dave: My family.
Santa: What? I speak every language but there are some words I can't
Santa: read. Can you word that a different way?
Dave: I am here because of my FAMILY.
Santa: WELL! What a surprise!
Santa: But I knew that all along. :)
Dave: How is rudolf
Santa: Rudolf and his glowing schnoz is always here when he's needed.
Dave: How about dasher?
Santa: All fed, washed, polished and ready to go.
Dave: Dancer?
Santa: It's a pity the scenery only changes for the reindeer in front.
Dave: Prancer?
Santa: Those antlers! Every reindeer has a magnificent rack.
Dave: Vixen?
Santa: Hmm... Santa may not have heard of it in those terms.
Santa: Is there another way to describe that?
Dave: You know VIXEN....the fourth reindewer!
SANTA terminated normally at 20:27

****************************     Editors Note   *******************************
OK, OK, nobody's perfect. I went back in and "fixed" the reindeer problem
and I added Vixen to the linup. I also edited some responses.
****************************  End Editors Note  *******************************

===============================================================================
Josh ?????,   entered SANTA v1.0 on 11-29 at 16:48
===============================================================================
Santa: Josh! Welcome to Santa's computer room. Come right in.
Santa: I see you're not alone...
Josh: youre wrong i am alone
Santa: Then it's just you and I, and Ms Claus taking notes.
Santa: What's on your wish list this year?
Josh: a 14.4 modem
Santa: Some things warm Santa's heart... modem is one of them.
Santa: I might be able to help you out.
Josh: ohh really hows you reindeer doing
Santa: Try using different words. You're beyond my English vocabulary.
Josh: hows your reindeer
Santa: There are nine reindeer now, Donner, Blitzen, Cupid, Vixen, Comet,
Santa: Prancer, Dancer, Dasher, and of course Rudolph.
Josh: ok
Santa: You have the spirit of Santa with you.
Josh: how is your weight
Santa: That's something the elves and I will talk about, maybe I will.
Josh: are you going on a diet
Santa: What? I speak every language but there are some words I can't
Santa: read. Can you word that a different way?
Josh: no
Santa: no? Are you holding something back, like a name or description?
Josh: no i am not
Santa: Tell me more.
Josh: i have to go
Santa: Hmm... Santa may not have heard of it in those terms.
Santa: Is there another way to describe that?
Josh:
Santa: Please try again, Josh.
Josh:
SANTA terminated normally at 16:51
===============================================================================
tony ?????,   entered SANTA v1.0 on 11-30 at 20:06
===============================================================================
Santa: tony! Welcome to Santa's computer room. Come right in.
Santa: I see you're not alone...
tony: nope got the kids right here...
Santa: Tell me more.
tony: well tony jr. is 9 and tonya is 5...
Santa: That went up on the Big Blackboard here in my den.
tony: it did...???
Santa: I nearly got that. Try another sentence construction.
tony: hows the wife?
Santa: What? I speak every language but there are some words I can't
Santa: read. Can you word that a different way?
tony: wife?
Santa: Hmm... Santa may not have heard of it in those terms.
Santa: Is there another way to describe that?
tony: YOUR WIFE
Santa: Try using different words. You're beyond my English vocabulary.
tony: HEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLLLLLOOOOO i said how is your wife..
.??
Santa: I might be able to do that.
Caller forced off by SysOp at 20:08

****************************     Editors Note   *******************************
Well Santa needed a bigger vocabulary, the word wife should ring some kind of
bell with the old timer, I reedited the santa.dat file to include wife.
****************************  End Editors Note  *******************************

===============================================================================
Dave ?????,   entered SANTA v1.0 on 11-30 at 22:42
===============================================================================
Santa: Dave! Welcome to Santa's computer room. Come right in.
Santa: I see you're not alone...
Dave: I am alone
Santa: Then it's just you and I, and Ms Claus taking notes.
Santa: What's on your wish list this year?
Dave: peace
Santa: Peace is like having Santa around 12 months a year.
Santa: If you know what I mean?
Dave: yes
Santa: We see things the same way. :)
Dave: what do you want this year
Santa: You put a twinkle in my eye with that! :)
Dave: do you want anything
Santa: I've been hearing that a lot this year.
Dave: vixen
Santa: The reindeer are ready to fly! Of course Rudolph will be the lead you
Santa: you can rest on that thought.
Dave: what about comet
Santa: Santa never travels light, and the reindeer never lose the baggage.
Santa: I think you can count on Santa coming through. But for now, it's my
Santa: secret.
Dave: and cupid
Santa: Those antlers! Every reindeer but Vixen has a magnificent rack.
Santa: She's a doe you know!
Dave: what about dodder
Santa: Santa has many ways of bringing joy, as we all do, but he keeps
Santa: things secret until Christmas.
Dave: I meant donder
Santa: Try using different words. You're beyond my English vocabulary.
Dave: donner
Santa: This is a secret, I hope that you won't say a word (shhhh!),
Santa: Vixen is in love with Donner!
Dave: tzen
Santa: I nearly got that. Try another sentence construction.
Dave: what about blitzen
Santa: Every year Santa brings more toys than Ronald McDonald sells hamburgers.
Santa: I'll be by this year!
Dave: do you want peace
SANTA terminated normally at 22:47
===============================================================================
Michael P. ???????,   entered SANTA v1.0 on 11-30 at 23:35
===============================================================================
Santa: Michael! Welcome to Santa's computer room. Come right in.
Santa: I see you're not alone...
Michael: no, I have some [CENSORED] in my pocket
Santa: The elves will probably tie a bow on that, I hope you like [CENSORED]
Santa: that way?
Michael: how are your reindeer
Santa: I can only tell you a couple of things about myself before
Santa: modesty compels me to retire for this session.
Michael: can you name the reindeer
Santa: I love the beating of the raindeer hooves on the sky. Do you?
Michael: yes
Santa: We see things the same way. :)
Michael: name the reindeer
Santa: There are nine reindeer now, Donner, Blitzen, Cupid, Vixen, Comet,
Santa: Prancer, Dancer, Dasher, and of course Rudolph.
Michael: how is rudolph
Santa: That's something the elves and I will talk about, maybe I will.
Michael: so how's your wife
SANTA terminated normally at 23:38

****************************     Editors Note   *******************************
As you can see, the old boy can deal with swearing. The problem here is that
Santa isn't recognizing the reindeer prompts. Back into Santa.dat.
****************************  End Editors Note  *******************************

===============================================================================
ED ??????,   entered SANTA v1.0 on 11-30 at 23:55
===============================================================================
Santa: Ed! Welcome to Santa's computer room. Come right in.
Santa: I see you're not alone...
Ed: no I'm not, I have a [CENSORED] in my pocket
Santa: The elves will probably tie a bow on that, I hope you like [CENSORED]
Santa: that way?
Ed: laugh
Santa: Santa enjoys a good joke.
Ed: can I have a helicopter
Santa: Santa can't promise that, but I promise to try.
Ed: and a house
Santa: Try using different words. You're beyond my English vocabulary.
Ed: a house
Santa: What? I speak every language but there are some words I can't
Santa: read. Can you word that a different way?
Ed: house
Santa: I nearly got that. Try another sentence construction.
Ed: plane
Santa: Those may be to large for the sleigh, and to expensive for Santa.
Ed: helicopter
Santa: Those are expensive items that you wish for, better call
Santa: the Treasury Department.
Ed: peace
Santa: Peace is like having Santa around all of the time.
Santa: If you know what I mean?
Ed: i do
Santa: Hmm... Santa may not have heard of it in those terms.
Santa: Is there another way to describe that?
Ed: nodeal
SANTA terminated normally at 23:57

****************************     Editors Note   *******************************
Well I realized at this time that I'm not the only one with full pockets. I'm
glad Santa can deal with the user's imaginations. Back into Santa.log.
For the next few user and Santa dialogs the log file is from The Electronic
Maelstrom BBS, my thanks to PeP'e 1@9653, back to the show.
****************************  End Editors Note  *******************************

===============================================================================
elizabeth  ,   entered SANTA v1.0 on 08-17 at 22:46
===============================================================================
Santa: elizabeth! Welcome to Santa's computer room. Come right in.
Santa: I see you're not alone...
elizabeth: i'm not?
Santa: What? I speak every language but there are some words I can't
Santa: read. Can you word that a different way?
elizabeth: who is with me?
Santa: WELL! What a surprise!
Santa: But I knew that all along. :)
elizabeth: okay. what do i get for christmas?
Santa: Every year Santa brings more toys than King Wendy McBurger sells
Santa: hamburgers. But he never tells!
elizabeth: oh. can i have  a better computer?
Santa: Anything is possible with Santa... anything.
elizabeth: really? can you help my mom? she has to have surgery on her neck,
and we are a very scared
Santa: Santa can't promise that, but I promise to try.
elizabeth: okay. i'm sure you have many others to attend to, so i will let you
go...
Santa: Glad to see we agree on that.
elizabeth: `goodbye...
Santa: I've made a note of everything you said. I won't forget.
elizabeth: okay. 'bye
SANTA terminated normally at 22:50
===============================================================================
Stephanie ??????,   entered SANTA v1.0 on 08-30 at 09:15
===============================================================================
Santa: Stephanie! Welcome to Santa's computer room. Come right in.
Santa: I see you're not alone...
Stephanie: no
Santa: Tell me more.
Stephanie: like what
Santa: Hmm... Santa may not have heard of it in those terms.
Santa: Is there another way to describe that?
Stephanie: I want sex for christmas
Santa: Sex is like having Santa around 12 months a year.
Stephanie: not from santa
Santa: Try using different words. You're beyond my English vocabulary.
Stephanie: I want sex from my husband
Santa: Some things warm Santa's heart... husband is one of them.
Stephanie: I hope that is all the word warms
Santa: I'm sure you know that English isn't my native language. I have
Santa: no native language. English is one of hundreds of tongues I speak
Santa: but I can't read or write (or type) it very well. You understand.
Stephanie: this is [CENSORED]
Santa: If [CENSORED] is what you want from Santa, [CENSORED] is what you'll
Santa: get.
Stephanie: I don't want [CENSORED].  I want sex.  And not from Santa.
Santa: If you want to give Santa Claus [CENSORED], I'll return the favor.
Stephanie: bye
SANTA terminated normally at 09:47
===============================================================================

          Ima Moron 1@9661  IceNEWS Contributing Light Bytes Editor
          ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Silly Strings                 ³
³ From Icenet Sysops Everywhere ³ Ima Moron 1@9661
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

        taglines....

        Lord Shadow #1 @7678  Shadow Canyon (BBS)
        ROMAN NUMERAL BINARY CODE;  iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii

        Midnight Tree Bandit #1 @8411  The Many Titled Board
        Old folks boogie... your mind makes a promise your body can't keep

        Grey Wanderer #1 @3358  Mithrandir's Magic Shop
        "I am Fudd of Borg. Wesistance is usewess!"

        Grey Wanderer #1 @3358  Mithrandir's Magic Shop
        I'm in the Metallic Age: Silver hair, Gold teeth, Tin ear, Lead *ss.

        Will #1 @6754  Data Express
        "Beware of programmers who carry screwdrivers"

        Alkar Zephyr #1 @4506 [Royal Monarch]  Alkar's Keep
        Remember, only forest fires can prevent bears!

        Ghost Wheel #1 @9714  WWIVNET - The City of Avalon
        Good and evil, dependent on your place on the food chain..

     If you wish to add your miniesm string edits, hardcode humor, or merely a
noteworthy tagline, please E-mail those to 1@9661.

          Ima Moron 1@9661  IceNEWS Contributing Light Bytes Editor
          ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ User Horror Stories ³ Deacon Blues 2@7653
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     Every  sysop  who  has run a BBS for  any  amount of time can remember at
least  one  user  who gave them nothing  but  grief and misery. Maybe the user
tried  to hack the BBS. Maybe the user and the sysop had a falling-out and the
user blasted the sysop in explicit language on virtually every message base on
the board. Maybe the user calls repeatedly without giving others the chance to
get on, tying up the BBS in prime-time by playing games and downloading .GIFs.
Maybe  you've deleted this person before  (perhaps even several times) only to
have them try to call back under a bogus account.

     Then, there's always the occasional blatant bogus user who picks a handle
that  usually  has  something to do  with  genitalia or sexual orientation who
called  only  to  see  if they could  wreak  any  havoc  before you delete the
account. Lest we forget the computer-illiterate newbies who badger sysops with
innumerable  common-sense questions about computing and BBSing - provided that
they're  even literate enough to figure out how to mail the sysop in the first
place.  Whatever the reason, the result is always the same: a headache for the
sysop, and, more often than not, a deleted account.

     It  is with these people in mind that I would like to present what I hope
to  be a continuing series of  articles chronicling "User Horror Stories" from
sysops  around  the  network.  I want to  know  what  problems you've had with
particular  users  while you've been running your  BBS  and how you dealt with
them.  User horror stories sent to me by  others will be then posted in future
issues  of IceNEWS in the hope of  showing others how to effectively deal with
problems  that they may be encountering (keep in mind that good taste prevails
and profanity will be edited).

     Send me your "User Horror Stories" at:

                         IceNEWS User Horror Stories
                           C/O Deacon Blues 2@7653
                   IceNEWS Contributing Light Bytes Editor

     Since this is a new idea here, I'll post a couple of stories from the BBS
I'm  co-sysop  on,  The  Cavern, @7653, to give  you  an  idea of the types of
stories  I'm  looking  for. To paraphrase  the  famous line from Dragnet, "The
stories you are about to read are true. The names have been changed to protect
the guilty..."

           -=- "I Don't Know What It Is, But I Know I Want It!" -=-

     Several  months  ago,  the sysop  here,  Spelunker,  undertook adding RIP
graphics  support to The Cavern. With the  modification came the new choice in
the  new  user  logon  asking users if  they  would  like to "Use RIP graphics
support  using RIPterm? Y/N" RIPterm is the terminal program that allows users
to view the RIP graphic script files in a 16-color VGA format.

     However,  many new users are unaware of  the fact that you can't view the
RIP  graphics  unless you are calling  using  the RIPterm terminal program (or
using  another  RIP-compatible  terminal program,  such  as QModem-Pro v1.5x).
Without  RIPterm to decipher the graphics script file, all of the menus on the
BBS  appear as what looks like screen garbage or line noise. About half of the
new users who choose RIP graphics support don't have RIPterm, so when they try
to call up a menu, all they get is gobbledy-gook.

     They  then  proceed to send mail to  Spelunker asking why they can't read
the menus and why our board is all screwed up. While I do like RIP in general,
I'm  almost  sorry  that Spelunker put it in  because  now he has to deal with
these  new users who ask for something without  knowing what it is and have to
keep  telling  them to download RIPterm. In  fact, he's even indicated that he
may not add the RIP support to our new version of WWIV 4.23, which is still in
the process of being modded offline (at the time this article is written).

     Personally, I can't say that I much blame him if he doesn't.

                        -----==================------

                   -=- "You Want Me To Put That WHERE?" -=-

     Sometimes  even  when  we  do get  someone  to  download RIPterm from The
Cavern, that's still no guarantee that the person will know what to do with it
once  they  get it. We had  a rather computer-illiterate user download RIPterm
from  us and then send the sysop mail the next day saying that he can't get it
to work. I happened to be around a day later when he called back again and got
to chatting online with him, asking him how he set it up. He just told me that
he unzipped it, but it wasn't doing anything. I asked where he had unzipped it
to  and he then told me that he'd unzipped it into his Procomm directory! He'd
thought  that  RIPterm was a passive terminal  program, like the type used for
playing  certain  online door games. He was  unaware that RIPterm has it's own
complete dialing program.

     I quickly told him to delete it from his Procomm directory and install it
into  its own separate directory, just like the docs had specified. He said he
would  do it right away and then he'd  call right back. In the meantime, other
users  had gotten on the BBS and I  had to leave before this user called back.
The  next  day, I'd received mail from  him  saying that while RIPterm was now
loading-up  for  him, it wouldn't dial out. I  replied  for him to go into the
setup program and make sure he had the right comm port setting enabled. I then
got  mail  back from him asking ME what comm  port  his modem was set up on! I
couldn't  believe  it.  I told him to  check  his Procomm setup for the proper
setting  since  that  worked  fine.  Much to  my  relief,  he  finally  got it
straightened out, but not without more than one loud groan from me.

                        -----==================------

          -=- "My Monster... If You Only Had A Living Brain..." -=-

     Every once in awhile, we'll get a new user at The Cavern who's unfamiliar
with the software and wants to send mail to the sysop. Since they're obviously
unaware of the function of the `F' command, they use the `E' command. When the
prompt  asks them who they want to  mail, they enter `SYSOP.' Now, the sysop's
name  here is Spelunker (a fact which is mentioned only on every logon screen,
the  new user validation letter, the system  status screen, and the main menu)
and not `Sysop.' So WWIV then proceeds to look for the closest instance of the
word  `SYSOP.'  Sure  enough, we have a  user  named  `Lord Sysop #262' on our
system,  who is the sysop of another local BBS. The BBS then asks the user `Do
you  mean Lord Sysop #262? Y/N.' Wrongly thinking that he is the sysop of this
system  (never  mind looking at his user  number),  they answer `yes' and then
proceed  to  ask him questions about whatever  needs or problems they had with
The Cavern, like `Can I have more time online' or `can you put a file online,'
etc.

     It boggles the mind...

                        -----==================------

                             -=- "Who `NEW'?" -=-

     Tell me if YOU were ever actually this `green' at BBSing. We actually had
a  user  who would call The Cavern thinking  that, since he was new to calling
BBSs, he had to logon as `NEW' every time he called!

     This  guy actually went through the new user logon routine four different
times  under  four  different  names! He  never  once  complained about why he
couldn't use the name he wanted (since that account already existed) or why he
had to keep giving out his name and address and all that good stuff. He simply
just kept muddling along.

     We  validated the last of his accounts and sent him mail telling him that
he  didn't need to go through all that stuff again. Sure enough, the next time
he  calls,  he logs on as `NEW' again. We  just said "to Hell with it" and put
him and his name variations into TRASHCAN.TXT.

     As my hero Al Bundy likes to say, "Why don't you just SHOOT me, Peg?"
                        -----==================------

     After  posting an advertisement soliciting submissions for the premier of
this  column  on  the  IceNET Sysop sub,  Martin,  #1  @6257, replied with the
following entry that I classify as being a victim of the "Columbo" Syndrome:

       -=- "Oh, Ummm... By The Way, Ummm... Just One More Thing..." -=-

     The only one I have is this:

     I  had  a new user log on who was  new both to BBSing and to computers. I
called  and validated him and answered a  couple of questions as we spoke. The
next  morning  when I checked my mail, one  of  the pieces of waiting mail was
from  him. He had another question which I answered. You can probably see this
coming, but the next morning he had left another question for me. I don't mind
answering  questions  but as time went on I  began  to realize that he did NOT
want  to ask his questions publicly; he wanted  to ask them of me. Well, okay,
fine.

     Among  other  things,  he  was having  trouble  setting  up  his terminal
program.  I decompressed a copy of a good one  that I had on the board and set
it up for him with my board in the dialing directory. I then mailed it to him.
He  thanked  me for helping that way and  continued to ask questions of me via
Email.  I began suggesting to him that if he'd ask his questions in the public
message base, others could respond and others could learn. He ignored this and
kept  up an almost daily barrage of  questions. I answered each one, but began
letting  them  sit a day or two (both  because  I didn't have the time, and to
encourage him to post his questions publicly).

     It's  been  long enough now that I've  forgotten  all the details of this
person's  legacy here but things came to a head when I was reading some Emails
(I  do  this  only occasionally to spot-check)  and  saw a message from him to
another,  newer,  caller  telling  the newer person  not  to  ask  me too many
questions  because  I, as he put it, "get  p-----d off if you ask him too many
questions".  At  that point I answered one  of his waiting E-mails telling him
that he was welcome to keep his account on the board but I was through helping
him.  I told him that I'd read the mail and didn't appreciate his bad-mouthing
me  to new callers. He responded by  denying that he'd done anything wrong and
telling  me  that  I was more or less  obligated  to help people because I was
running  a BBS. He also began posting disparaging messages which I deleted; at
that point I also deleted his account.

     This person then logged back on and begged me to give him another chance,
which  I  did  but  with a fairly restricted  access.  I  told him he was on a
probation  period and I'd watch his use of the system and evaluate his account
as  time went by. Within weeks he began  pestering me, and it got to the point
where  he began threatening me with the FCC  (I owed him full use of my system
because  it uses the phones). He challenged me to delete his account and "feel
my  wrath".  I obliged and put in  the  BADPHONE.MOD. He's given up on getting
back  online here but I occasionally hear  from people who call here that he's
posting on other boards about how terrible a board I run, etc."

-Martin
                        -----==================------

     Proof-positive  that there's just no  pleasing some people, Martin. Well,
now  that  everyone  has the idea of what  I'm  looking for here, I hope to be
hearing  from you with your own "User Horror Stories" to share with myself and
the readers of IceNEWS in future issues. Until next time, good day and may the
good users be yours!


         Deacon Blues 2@7653  IceNEWS Contributing Light Bytes Editor
         ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ New Year's Resolutions ³ Deacon Blues 2@7653
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     With  all the talk of Santa Claus  in this January issue of IceNEWS, some
may have lost focus on what lies ahead. By the time this issue is prepared and
distributed  to  you, the Jolly Old Elf  himself  will have already passed by,
delivering  either snazzy presents or stinky  coal (which almost makes it seem
like Halloween by giving tricks or treats), and returned home to slack off for
another  year. It would be logical,  therefore, to include something about the
upcoming  New Year in this issue, since that's pretty much about when you will
first be reading this.

     Like  my forefathers before me and  their forefathers before them, I have
fallen  into  the  habit  of  making  up  a  list  of  obligatory  New  Year's
resolutions.  You know, resolutions. Those things that everyone says that they
want to change about themselves or accomplish before the end of the coming new
year. That's right, the ones that we've always forgotten by around 12:05 am on
New  Year's Day after kissing and shaking hands with friends and relatives and
other  people  you really don't much like and  after downing a glass or two of
some  usually  horrendous  champagne that tastes like  it  could be used as an
alternative fuel source or to remove paint in a pinch.

     As  if  it's  not  bad enough that  we're  expected  to  make promises to
ourselves  that  we  know we have  absolutely  no intention of keeping, custom
dictates  that  we  share these untruths with  others  around  us at the time.
Exactly  what purpose that this serves is unclear to me, but far be it from me
to  stray from customs, useless or  otherwise. Since I personally despise such
things <g>, I guess that I might as well be among the first people to weave my
tapestry of fertilizer and be bloody well done with it.

        Here it is, my list of New Year's resolutions for 1994:

-=- I   resolve  to  be  nice  to   newbies  in  1994.   Even  the  completely
    computer-illiterate  ones  that  get  stumped  by  such  deeply  technical
    questions  such  as  "Log  On With Your  Number  Or  Name Or NEW" or "ANSI
    Graphics support detected. Use it? Y/N." Well... maybe...

-=- I resolve not to call out to any more long distance BBSs in 1994. I figure
    that,  being a co-sysop, I should be able to snooker or coerce other users
    to  fetch the material for me by tempting them with inconsequential access
    raises. You'd be surprised what 5 points will get for you...

-=- I resolve to answer my user mail more quickly. As of this year, I will now
    clean  out my mailbox once every other week  as opposed to my old habit of
    doing it once every other month.

-=- I  resolve not to allow embattled  political maestro  Ed Rollins to run my
    campaign  for  "Best Co-Sysop" in the  annual Western New York BBS Awards.
    Last  year I paid him $400,000, lost the election, and then two days later
    he  posts on the general discussion sub that  he paid the money I gave him
    to  newbies NOT to vote. Then, the  next day, he posts that someone hacked
    his  account  and posted that paying-off  newbies  stuff. Now the Feds are
    after me. Screw him. I can lose without his help, anyway.

-=- I resolve to validate all unvalidated  accounts from  1993 sometime by the
    end of 1994, unlike last year.

-=- I  resolve  not to call any  more  non-WWIV boards.  Why settle for second
    best? Besides, I get lost and homesick.

-=- I  resolve  not  to  write  anymore  24k-long  parodies  for IceNEWS  like
    "SysGods"  anymore. From now on, no less than 32k a crack. Let the pigeons
    loose.

-=- I resolve not to download any  more shareware games.  They're all the same
    bloody  damn  thing anyway. If you've  played one, you've played them all.
    Now .GIFs, there's somethin' really worthwhile...

-=- I  resolve not to take the BBS  down  for two weeks,  change the menus and
    welcome.ans  file, and put it back up online later as a "new" BBS, even if
    it will boost the daily user activity percentage by 50%.

-=- I  resolve not to download more than  my  total body weight  in meggers. I
    weigh 300 lbs.

-=- I resolve to continue my successful policy of hiding behind the  "Sysop is
    NOT  available" status. There's no feeling in  the world like the one that
    you get when you catch someone doing something wrong on the system and you
    hit  F10 and say "Hi there..." The  ensuing five to ten seconds of stunned
    silence you get before the user either responds or hangs up is priceless.

-=- I  resolve to cross-gate the  Rush Limbaugh sub with the  Howard Stern sub
    and then sit back and watch the fur fly.

-=- I  resolve to show members of the media once and for all that all computer
    users  are  not  bad people. I'm going to  do  this by hacking my way into
    Fox's  satellite uplink and over-riding their broadcasts of "Beverly Hills
    90210"  and substituting it with re-runs of the old "Max Headroom" series.
    I  fully expect to receive the Congressional Medal or Honor for this. Just
    think,  if  I could over-ride "Married...  With Children" instead, maybe I
    can even pull-off a Nobel.

-=- I  resolve not to change my  handle  again.  After editing 47 opening ANSI
    screens, half-a-dozen strings, and a dozen hardcodes on the BBS to reflect
    the change, I've learned my lesson.

-=- I resolve not to discriminate against file leechers or gamer scum.  I will
    play  no  favorites  and  just close  down  the  online  game and transfer
    sections to everyone and consider the job done.

-=- I  resolve to send e-mail to the White House via Internet and ask how come
    Bill  is  such a tubby guy when he  always jogs so much. Then I resolve to
    wait  quietly  while the men in black  suits and sunglasses come to have a
    kindly chat with me again...

-=- I  resolve to arbitrarily delete ANY user who uploads CA$HFLOW.ZIP to this
    damn  BBS. It's been uploaded here under so many different damn file names
    by so many different damn people that it's no longer amusing. I've quickly
    learned to despise that [CENSORED] file and anyone associated with it.

And...

-=- I resolve to bash on NASA every  chance I get.  Not that this has anything
    to  do with computing or BBSing. I simply  have an old friend who works at
    the  Johnson  Space Center that I razz  whenever  I get the chance. Making
    this  resolution  is  a  personal yearly  tradition.  It  is also the only
    resolution that I actually keep.

     Since  misery loves company - and let's  face it, making resolutions is a
pretty  miserable experience - I also posted  on the IceNET Sysops sub and the
IceNEWS Beat sub that I was looking for resolutions from others for the coming
New Year. Here's what I got:

     Odin, 1@7664, at The Nine Worlds Of Asgard resolves to:

-=- Get  rid of some  access baggage  (on  me, not Zeus!!! [Odin's brother and
    co-sysop] ;) ).

-=- Get  rid  of the  "Odin is  sleeping"  sysop  status notation on my board!
    Everyone thinks that I am one lazy individual.

-=- Stop bashing Dr. Feelgood on the Network Sports sub....NAHT!

-=- To  go  these  [local]  wing  dings,  whatchamacallits,  winter fests, and
    picnics!

-=- Make some $$ to improve the board.

-=- Make  enough $$ to buy a house for  me and Elmo [his dog] ... and The Nine
    Worlds of Asgard.

     Lestat The Immortal, 1@9982, of The Theatre Of Vampires states:

-=- I  resolve to spend at least one  hour  with my wife each day.  Of course,
    that  takes  one  hour of modding away from  me  each  day, but that is my
    resolution.

-=- I  resolve to spend less than my  annual income on The Theatre Of Vampires
    in 1994.

     Hindu,  1@168,  from  The WannaB-BS  in  Okinawa sends this long-distance
resolution:

-=- I resolve not to call stateside for GIFs any more cuz within about an hour
    after I get off the line, I can find 'em on someones CD Rom...  B)

     I  also  beat-up on others on the IceNEWS  staff (or is it staph? :) ) to
try  and  wring some resolutions out of  them. I managed to beat the following
confessions out of my fellow IceNEWSies:

     From  Ima  Moron, 1@9661, of Das'  Tube  BBS, fellow IceNEWS Contributing
Light Bytes Editor:

-=- I  resolb to use  teh wwivedit spell  chicker on every posp an E-mail from
    now on.

-=- I resolve to instill good BBS etiquette upon my users by example,  or I'll
    [CENSORED] the little [CENSORED].

-=- I  resolve  to  delete  the  "How to  Make  a  Real  Cat-Hide Rug" from my
    boardedit,  I'll  replace it with  "The New Grimm's Tales" sub and maximum
    age restrict the subboard to 10 years old.

     From Louie, 9@7654, at Paragon, IceNEWS Contributing Writer:

-=- I  resolve  not to start fights with  Wayne  Bell on the IceNET Sysops sub
    over real world politics, even if he is wrong.

-=- I resolve not to post off topic messages on any other sub around. Well, at
    least for as long as I feel like keeping this resolution.

     From  Will, 1@6754, at Data Express, IceNEWS Contributing Hardware Editor
and Managing Editor for this issue:

-=- I resolve not to volunteer to edit IceNEWS ever again.  :)

     From  Jim,  1@1,  of The Great  White  North, IceNEWS Editor-In-Chief and
Network Coordinator savant:

     "I've  given this a great deal of thought, but when you have achieved the
degree  of  perfection that I have, it's  very difficult to mine the depths of
your soul for any possible things that need be resolved. THEREFORE:"

-=- In  1994 I resolve  to screw up a lot,  so that next year I can give you a
    decent resolution!

     Jack  Ryan, 1@4707, of Patriot  Games, IceNEWS Contributing WWIV-Specific
Editor,  was on assignment for the  CIA evaluating North Korean nuclear threat
potential when this story was being written. Covert attempts to contact him in
the  field for comment in this story  were unsuccessful as Jack was considered
`incommunicado.'

     And,  finally, from Spelunker, 1@7653,  of The Cavern, IceNEWS Production
staffer  and  the  man responsible for  compiling  the  final stories into the
format that you see before you, comes the obligatory:

-=- I resolve not to make any New Year's resolutions for 1994.

     I'd  like  to thank all of those who  took the time to participate in the
writing of this article. I appreciate all the extra input. From all of us here
at  IceNEWS  to  all  of  our readers,  I'd  like  to  wish everybody a happy,
prosperous, and safe New Year. Here's looking forward to 1994!


         Deacon Blues 2@7653  IceNEWS Contributing Light Bytes Editor
         ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ


       ÚÄÄÄ IceNEWS Staff For:   Volume 4   Issue 1   January 1993 ÄÄ¿
       ³                                                             ³
       ³              IceNEWS Editor-In-Chief - Jim 1@1              ³
       ³            IceNEWS Managing Editor - Will 1@6754            ³
       ³                                                             ³
       ³                 IceNEWS Contributing Editors                ³
       ³                                                             ³
       ³ Hardware - Will 1@6754     WWIV-Specific - Jack Ryan 1@4707 ³
       ³      Light Bytes - Ima Moron 1@966, Deacon Blues 2@7653     ³
       ³                                                             ³
       ³                 IceNEWS Contributing Writers                ³
       ³                                                             ³
       ³   Louie 9@7654     Music Man 1@9680     Cuthalion 290@6754  ³
       ³                                                             ³
       ³            IceNEWS Production - Spelunker 1@7653            ³
       ³                                                             ³
       ³  IceNEWS is always seeking submissions from those who have  ³
       ³   ideas for stories. If you have any ideas that you might   ³
       ³     like to see published, contact any IceNEWS editor or    ³
       ³     subscribe to IceNEWS Beat, subtype ICENEWS, host @1.    ³
       ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

              Û ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
             ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÜÜÜ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ ÜÜ             Wishing you a very
          Ü ÜÜÛÛÛÜ ÜÜßßßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜÜ Ü         Merry Christmas and a
          ÜÛÛÛÛß ÜßÜÜÛÛÛÜßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ ÜÜÜ  ÛÜ     Happy New Year
       Ü ÜÛÛÛÛß Û ÜÛß Ü ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ Ûİ        from
        ÛÛÛÛÛ Üß ÜÛ°°Û°ÛÜ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛİİ  The Staff at IceNEWS
        ßÛÛÛİŞÛ ÛÛ°°°°°°ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ ßÛÛß                ÜÜÜÜÜÜ±±
         ÛÛÛİŞÛ ÛÛ°°°°°°°ÛÛ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜÜÜß              Ü Ü  ÜÛÜ±±
        ß ßÛÛ ÛÜ ÛÛ°°°°°ÛÛ ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜßß ß            Ü ÜÛÛÜ Ûß±±
          ßßß ÛÛÜ ßÛÛÛÛÛß ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ               Ü  ßß ±±±±ß
              ßÛÛÛÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß             ÛÜßÛÜ±±± ßß ß
              ß°ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß Ü²²        Ü ÜÜ±±±±°ÜÜ
          ²±²±²°°°°°°ÜÜÜÜßßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛßßÜ²²²Ü      ÜÜ ÜÛÛ±±±±±ÛÛİİ
       ²±²²±²²±ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛßß²²±±±±±±²²²²ÜÛÛÛÜ ÜÜÜÜÛÛÛÛÛ±±°°±ÛÛÛÛ
    ²°²±±±±±²±²ÛÛÛÛÛÛ²²²²²²±±±²²²²²ÜÜÛßÛÛÛÛÛÛÜßÛÛÛÛÛ±±°°°ÜÛÛÛÛİİ
   ²°°²²±±²  ²±²ÛÛ²²²ÜßÜÜÜ±Û±±ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜßÛÛÛÛÛÛÜßÛÛÛÛ°°°ÛÛÛÛßßß
   °°²±±²       ²²±ß±ÜÛÛÛß±Û±±ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜßÛÛÛÛÛÛ°ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß ßß
  °°²²±±       ß ß ±±ÛÛÛß Ûß±±ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°°ÛÛÛÛÛ°ßßßß ßßß
  °²±±            ß ßßÛÛÜÛ ÜÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°°ÛÛÛÛÛ°
                    Ü ÜÜÜ ÜÛÛ ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°ÛÛÛÛÛ°İ
                    ÜÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°ÛÛÛÛ°°
                  ŞŞÛÛÛİ ÛÛÛÛÛÜ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ°°ÛÛÛ°°

  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
  ³ IceNEWS is an independent  journal  published  monthly as a service to ³
  ³ IceNET, its Sysops and users.  The opinions & reviews expressed herein ³
  ³ are the expressed views of the respective writers. All Rights Reserved.³
  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
