     ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ·ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ·ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ·ÚÄÄ· ÚÄÄ·ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ·ÚÄÄ·      ÚÄÄ·ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ·
     ³ ÄÄÄÄÄ º³ ÄÄÄÄÄ º³ ÄÄÄÄÄ º³  º ³  º³ ÄÄÄÄÄ º³  º      ³  º³ ÄÄÄÄÄ º
     ÔÍ¸   ÉÍ¼³  ÉÍÍÍÍ¼³  ÉÍÍÍÍ¼³  º\³  º³  ÉÍÍÍÍ¼³  º      ³  º³   ÉÍÍÍ¼
       ³þþþº  ³þþº     ³þþÓÄ·   ³þþºþ³þþº³þþÓÄ·   ³þþº ÚÄÄ· ³þþº³þþþÓÄÄÄ·
       ³±±±º  ³±±º     ³±±ÉÍ¼   ³±±º\³±±º³±±ÉÍ¼   ³±±º ³±±º ³±±ºÔÍÍ¸±±±±º
     ÚÄÙ   ÓÄ·³  ÓÄÄÄÄ·³  ÓÄÄÄÄ·³  º ³  º³  ÓÄÄÄÄ·³  ÓÄÙ  ÓÄÙ  ºÚÄÄÙ    º
     ³ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛº³ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛº³ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛº³ÛÛº ³ÛÛº³ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛº³ÛÛÛÛÚÄÄ·ÛÛÛÛº³ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛº
     ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼ÔÍÍ¼ ÔÍÍ¼ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼ÔÍÍÍÍ¾  ÈÍÍÍÍ¼ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
     Volume 4, Issue 3      The Journal of IceNET              March 1994
    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
    ³ The Editor's Desk                                                 ³
    ³  The State of IceNET                                    Jim (1@1) ³
    ³  Notes from the Managing Editor                Jack Ryan (1@4707) ³
    ³  Good Modeming Relationships                Deacon Blues (2@7653) ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³ Technical                                                         ³
    ³  Packet Radio - BBS                            Ima Moron (1@9661) ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³ Software/Programming                                              ³
    ³  Learning C - Part Two                          Daarkhan (1@7676) ³
    ³  The Incredible Mr. "Limpet"                                      ³
    ³   Tradewars v.2.0                                   Zeus (1@7662) ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³ Sub Board Spotlight                                               ³
    ³  Space News                              George Hastings (4@8410) ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³ Lite Bytes                                                        ³
    ³  How They Got Started...                              Louie (6@1) ³
    ³  The Adventures of ModemMan   Jot$ (1@7850) Deacon Blues (2@7653) ³
    ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
    ³  IceNEWS is seeking submissions from those who have story ideas.  ³
    ³  If you have an idea for an IceNEWS story, contact any IceNEWS    ³
    ³  editor or subscribe to IceNEWS Beat, subtype IceNEWS, host @1.   ³
    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

                    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                    ³ T H E   E D I T O R ' S   D E S K ³
                    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ The State of IceNET ³ Jim (1@1)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     July is just around the corner, so be sure to make your vacation plans to
include  the  WWIVcon  in New Orleans.  I'm looking forward to seeing a lot of
modem  friends there,  as well  as  partaking  in New Orleans'  great food and
entertainment.  Email me  for  further  information  on airline/motel reserva-
tions, events, schedules, times, etc.  WWIVcon is on the July 4th weekend,  so
BE THERE!

     I've  been getting calls for information on node numbers.  As many of you
are aware, WWIVnet will be switching node numbers soon to accommodate new area
codes, and will abandon the association between area codes as we now know  it,
and the location of systems.  I've not yet made up my mind on how or if IceNET
will  adapt to the new area codes, so I'd like to hear from interested parties
on just what you think IceNET  should  do.  I'd particularly like to hear what
you see as the pro's and con's of the node number changes, and the benefits to
IceNET in making a change.  In any event I'd not see making any changes  until
WWIVnet has accomplished the task, software is available to help sysops change
their Nfiles, and a plan of implementation is in place.

     The  IceNEWS  Staff has done another bang up job this month on getting an
issue together, so I'd like  to  thank them collectively, and especially thank
Jack Ryan who is the managing editor for the March issue.  I do hope you enjoy
it,  and  share it with your users too.

Without further ado, I present IceNEWS!

                     Jim (1@1)   IceNEWS Editor-In-Chief
                     ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Notes from the Managing Editor ³ Jack Ryan (1@4707)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    Like Louie (6@1) last month, I didn't  write anything this month, so I had
to get my name in lights somehow.  I would like to thank all of the  staff  of
IceNEWS  for  their hard work this issue, and especially Spelunker for putting
up with all my changes during this, my first tenure, as managing editor.

     So many good articles  were  submitted  this  month!  It was an extremely
difficult task to decide on which ones to put in this issue, and which ones to
carry over to a later issue.  We could have easily had  a  150k  IceNEWS  this
month,  but  for the obvious reasons we are trying to keep the size in the 85k
range.

     I encourage all sysops to  make  IceNEWS  available to your callers in an
on-line format (via the G-Files), and also in the transfer section.   I  would
also  like to encourage all our readers to let us know how we are serving your
wants and needs.  We may be  contacted  through  e-mail, or one of the IceNEWS
related sub-boards.
     
ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Good Modeming Relationships ³ Deacon Blues (2@7653)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

        Back in November of 1993 - when I was acting as  Managing  Editor  for
IceNEWS  Issue  3  Volume 3 - Jim, our illustrious Editor-In-Chief of IceNEWS,
forwarded a piece of mail  to  me  that  had  been forwarded to him by another
sysop.  Below is a copy of said letter (routing information  deleted  to  save
space):

Modeming
Bentley #1 @5906
Sun Nov 14 06:51:02 1993

RE: You too??????

Reply : Not needed

¯  But it's not 'gutless'
¯to have decent network manners.
¯The real gutless ones are those who think they can bash others in email.  Ha!
¯Let them say it to my face, and in person.  I'd bet their pretty gutless
¯indeed.  Hiding behind email to make threats is about as cowardly as it gets
¯in my book.   I don't have to deal with
¯someone else's expressions of frustration taken out on me by responding in
¯kind. I guess all this leads us to my theory as to why they call the
¯software we use 'World War Four' :)

     hahahaha...WW4!  

¯Once you have been able to establish a decent modem relationship, and tensions
¯ease, this game is a lot more fun at best, and at worst it's tolerable.  Learn
¯the power of humility too, and use it well.  It's much more powerful than
¯epithets and mock threats in email.  Make your email 'reader friendly'.

     These are very wise words, and I thank you most sincerely for that. 
     No lie! What you have said has struck below the surface, defused some
     ill feelings (I don't know why I'm still holding on to them!?) towards
     other sysops. 

     Maybe you have already, but if not, perhaps you would write down those
     words about creating a 'decent modem relationship' and send it out to 
     all systems in IceNET.  Perhaps they would save it as a file, and
     put it in the G)Files section...I know that I would!

     Thank you, Sir!
                                        -:)Bentley
-----
Bentley's BBS Spokane, WA

Forwarded from: Jim #1 @1


     As  you  can  plainly  see,  both  Bently  and the unknown writer who was
(partially?) quoted by Bently  struck  on  a  topic that definitely bears more
scrutiny.  That is, building and maintaining a good modeming relationship with
others.

     What does a "good modeming relationship" mean, exactly?  I feel that this
is a  subjective  question  by  nature,  and,  therefore,  open  to  different
interpretations by different people.  This is evident by the wide diversity of
users  who  modem.   There are those who only post, those who only play games,
those who only transfer files,  those  who  only send/receive e-mail and those
who do any combination of the above.  Then, there are also  those  modem  with
the  sole  purpose of being nothing short of a royal pain in the butt at every
given opportunity.

     They do, though, all have one thing  in common - when asked, they usually
feel that they have a good modeming relationship with  others,  regardless  of
whether  they  really  do  or  not.   The exception, of course, would be those
aforementioned people who's sole purpose  in  life  appears  to be for them to
continually imitate a certain anatomical orifice.  These people -  and  I  use
the word `people' in the most liberal sense to describe them - will obligingly
tell you that they couldn't give a damn about their relationship with others.

     It  is  my  personal belief that maintaining a good modeming relationship
means, essentially, the same  thing  as  building a good personal relationship
with others in real life.  For some reason, people  sometimes  seem  to  think
that  -  because  BBSing  is  a  `virtual' world of interacting people who are
mainly known only by an alias and  a  number  - the people at the other end of
the monitor are not real people living in the real world.  They tend to forget
that posts and e-mails and personal actions aren't just random occurrences but
are the indicators of action by other real, live people.  It's all too easy to
forget that there's a human being behind a handle and a macro.

     Acting in a responsible manner and not intentionally  doing  anything  to
offend  other  users, therefore, would seem to be essential to building a good
modeming relationship.  This opinion stems  from  my assessment of my personal
reasons for entering the world of modeming in the first place.  Your  personal
reasons  for  modeming  are  the  foundation upon which a good or bad modeming
relationship is built.

     I can only speak for myself  when  I  say  why I got into modeming in the
first place.  I did it to access more information, meet  new  people,  and  to
carry  on  at  least  semi-intelligent  conservation/e-mail with others.  With
these reasons in mind, it was rather  easy for me to establish a good modeming
relationship with others.  It was also mighty helpful that  I  did  little  to
offend  others,  never  pestered  sysops  or others with dumb or inappropriate
questions, never posted or  e-mailed  offensive  material to others, and never
"hogged" the BBS by calling repeatedly  without  giving  others  a  chance  to
logon.  In simple language, I built my good modeming relationship the same way
I  try  to  build  any  other  personal  relationships: by being courteous and
considerate of others.

     It was through a good  modeming  relationship that I eventually went from
being a `regular' user to a network Sub Moderator to a  255  Co-Sysop  and  an
IceNEWS  editor.   I'm reasonably sure that I would never have gotten this far
in modeming in the last  two  and  one-half  years  that I've been involved in
BBSing if I had a bad modeming relationship with others.  If I did have a  bad
modeming  relationship, it would be more likely that I would've managed to get
myself banned from most  of  the  respectable  and  reputable BBSs in the area
(although it's been said that that is a difficult feat in my given  area)  for
some  reason  or  another and would never have been afforded the opportunities
that I have.

     While I try not to pre-judge others,  there do seem to be some people who
enter modeming less than benevolent reasons.   At  least,  by  their  actions,
that's   how   it   appears.   Exactly  why  this  is,  nobody  knows.   Since
psychiatrists, psychologists,  and  other  trained  professional people cannot
definitively account for  the  ill-mannered  and/or  anti-social  behavior  of
people in real life, I'll not even try to dwell on the `why' aspect pertaining
to modemers who maintain a bad relationship with others.  Suffice to say that,
just  as  in  real  life,  there  are those who simply don't care about or are
incapable of maintaining good relationships  with  other people.  You can only
try to deal with them as best you can.

     Fortunately, those who have a bad modeming relationship with  others  are
usually  easy enough to spot.  Signs range from posting or e-mailing offensive
or abusive material, abusing online privileges such as the gaming and transfer
sections, hogging the  BBS  by  calling  repeatedly  without allowing others a
chance to use the system, etc.  However, while being able to spot them is  one
thing,  dealing  with  them  in an effective manner while maintaining your own
good modeming relationship is another story.

     So, how do you deal with a user who maintains a bad modeming relationship
with others?  I guess  that  depends  on  just  how  bad of a relationship the
offender has with others and whether or not the offender is willing to  change
his/her  ways.  Methods of dealing with this can range from the `ignore it and
maybe it'll go away' philosophy  to  sending  mail to the user and confronting
him/her about their ways to, when applicable, restricting the user's access to
simply deleting the user and making another addition into the TRASHCAN.TXT and
TRASHFON.TXT files.

     It all depends on how bad the situation is and - more importantly  -  how
much  personal  power  you  have to control it.  If the problem is with a user
from another system, your options are  more  limited than they would be if the
offending user was from your system (providing, of course, that you are indeed
a sysop).  However, there is still much you can do to rid yourself of  a  long
distance  pest  AND  maintain  a  good  modeming relationship at the same time
without having to sink down to the level of the offender.

     In the case of the network trouble-maker, what you can do depends on what
kind of trouble the trouble-maker is making.  On one occasion, I had a user on
the BBS that I'm co-sysop  on  who  was  being  harassed  by a network user in
e-mail because the other user did not share the same opinion that this  person
did  in  a  post  on  a  network  sub.   I  had  the  user  forward a piece of
questionable mail to me and  replied  to  the  user  who  sent it.  I told the
sender who I was and said that I did not appreciate  that  type  of  treatment
shown to one of this BBSs users just for expressing an opinion.

      I  >asked<  (the key word here) the person to simply stop the mail.  The
reason that I say that `asked' is  the  key  word here is because I could have
handled the situation very differently, choosing instead to  attack  the  user
with  abusive  language, malevolence, or threats like telling the sysop of the
system that the offender was  calling  that  I  was having a problem with this
user.  I also could have fought this battle on the level of  the  offender  by
threatening  bodily  harm  and slinging random racial and ethnic epithets in a
blatant attempt to infuriate and intimidate this user (as this user did to the
user on my system).  Instead, I was courteous and even-tempered enough just to
>ask< that the person stop.  And the  person  did.  It was that simple.  And I
didn't have to resort to `bad' tactics to resolve the situation.

     I'm not saying that this method will work every time, but isn't it better
than getting ticked-off and sending  the  offender  a  200  line  dissertation
explaining  to  that  person  -  in explicit detail - your personal opinion of
their bad habits, bad attitude, bad breath, bad body odor and their bad family
lineage?  I think  it  is.   Sinking  to  the  level  of such knuckle-dragging
neanderthal-like tactics makes you no better than  the  person  that  you  are
having the problem with.  Show some class and dignity.

     Had  the situation not resolved itself the way that it did, I still had a
number of options available to me to help rectify the situation, none of which
would have degraded my good modeming relationship.  I could have indeed mailed
the sysop of the other system and  asked he/she speak to the offending user on
my behalf, asking for a stop to the action.  If things persisted, I could have
then asked the sysop to restrict or delete the  offending  user.   Should  the
sysop  be  unwilling  to  help,  I  could  have  then  went  to my IceNET Area
Coordinator and presented my case.

     In no way would I  have  ever  have  had to resort to less-than-civilized
tactics to accomplish my objective.  It's something that  more  people  should
try  to  do  more  before  they go shooting their mouths off about how they're
`going to kick my ******* *** if  they  ever  catch me on the street' or `call
some friends to come find me' even though I live in  Buffalo,  New  York,  and
they live in East Yahoo, Oklahoma, and so forth.  It's far more productive.

     If  half  of  the  people  who  posted actually >thought about< what they
posted before they posted it, the NETs  would  be a much nicer place.  But, as
with the occasional driver on the road who cuts us off and  then  proceeds  to
flip  us `The Finger' as he speeds away, there are people on the NETs who just
can't comprehend the idea of  restraint  and thinking something through before
thumping posts and e-mail on the keyboard that are designed to burn the reader
like an acetylene torch.

     In the case of the bad  network  poster,  it  depends  on  what  sub  the
offending  post  appears  on.   If this happens on a sub that is hosted by the
system that I'm a  Co-Sysop  on,  I  will  auto-reply  to  the author and tell
him/her that the post is unacceptable and send along a copy of the  rules  for
the  particular  sub.   I  then  proceed to delete the offending post prior to
network-validation.  More often than not,  this  turns  the trick.  No need to
get huffy and say stuff like `stop ******* posting your **** on my  sub.'  Try
being nice first.

     To  date,  I've  only  had  one  instance  where I had a problem user who
wouldn't quit posting obscenities on  a  sub  hosted by this system.  I mailed
both the user and the sysop of the system that this  user  was  posting  from,
informing  them  of  the problem.  The user read my mail without reply (I knew
this by way of SSM) and the  sysop  never replied and I never received any SSM
indicating that the mail was read.  I sent a second piece of mail to the sysop
of the other system, informing him that I would remove his node from  the  sub
if  things  persisted.  Again, I received no reply or anything indicating that
the mail had been read.  And the  offending user again posted on the sub using
objectionable language.

     Instead of getting angry and acting in a  less-than-dignified  manner,  I
retained my good senses.  I simply removed the offending node from the n-files
for  the  sub  and  placed  it  in  the DISALLOW.NET file for the sub.  Quick,
simple, and to the point.  And done with dignity intact.

     About a month  later,  I  received  mail  from  the  sysop of the deleted
system, asking why new messages had stopped coming in on the sub.  I told  him
about the incidents and my unanswered e-mails to him and informed him that his
system  had  been  deleted  from the sub.  The sysop replied that he had never
received the mail that I sent him and  that he was offended by my doing what I
did.

     I could have just deleted his mail and left  it  at  that,  but,  in  the
spirit  of  keeping a good relationship with others, I didn't.  I replied that
I'd be willing to  allow  his  system  back  into  the  sub providing that the
offending user was not allowed access.  The sysop wrote back  that,  while  he
would not restrict this user from the sub, he did appreciate my willingness to
offer  him  a  compromise  to  the  situation.  He simply stated that he would
subscribe to a similar forum host  by  another system to cure the problem.  My
point: I made the extra effort,  it  was  appreciated,  and  the  problem  was
resolved amicably to our mutual satisfaction without resorting to swearing and
threats, leaving no ill-will between us (at least, none that I'm aware of).

     If  an offending post appears on a sub that is not hosted by this system,
I usually just delete the post on  this  end without mailing anyone.  It is my
belief that the content of the sub is the responsibility of the moderator  and
is  therefore  up  to  him/her to deal with problem users on their forums.  If
there is a habitual problem  with  a  specific  sub,  I will simply e-mail the
moderator and/or the sysop and inform them of my dissatisfaction with the sub.
Should they be unable or unwilling to resolve the problem, I'll just drop  the
sub.  No harm, no foul.

     On  almost  every  sub,  sooner or later a dispute will erupt between two
users over any number of  reasons.   This  seems especially so on subs dealing
with topical and controversial material.  Often, it begins as a mild  exchange
of  words,  but it eventually will eventually escalate with each user becoming
progressively more aggressive with each  new  post.   As the sysop of the host
system of the sub, you're starting to get tired of the bickering.   How  would
you deal with the two users who are engaging in bad modeming relationships?

     The best way to deal with the users would be to post a message on the sub
asking  the  users  to  end  the  argument.  You could also e-mail each of the
users, again asking them  to  cease  hostilities.   One  other thing that some
sysops recommend is that the  users  take  their  argument  off  the  sub  and
continue their disagreement via e-mail.  But while this does clear up the sub,
it still does nothing to help the situation itself since you are merely asking
the  users  to  carry-on  in  private,  as  opposed  to  asking  them  to stop
carrying-on, period.  It's just a  way  of dumping-off or burying the problem.
If you happen into this situation, please try not to refer warring users to go
at it mano-a-mano in e-mail.  Don't pass the buck, try to help  smooth  things
out and get these people back into good modeming relationships.

     I has it suggested to me that some sysops, either through time constraint
or  a  general  lack  of caring or feeling of `intrusion' into somebody else's
business, would be unwilling to `moderate'  a cease-fire between two (or more)
users.  E-Mail Wars, claim those who say this, let the participants have their
fun while away from others.  This also teaches combatants a lesson, claims the
others, by way of forcing each of them to endure reading the  `crap'  mailings
of the other opponent.  This, supposedly, will itself help foster the end of a
war  due  to  the combatants becoming weary of the insults and eventually stop
the battling.

     For a sysop who honestly and  truly  does  not have the time to devote to
such a noble effort as defusing a fight between users, sending them to  E-Mail
is  then  really the only viable alternative.  But as for those who just don't
care or are afraid to get involved, try  looking at it as I do.  Personally, I
look at the BBS I'm a co-sysop on as an extension of my living  room  and  the
users of the BBS as guests in that living room.

     Now,  if a fight (verbal or physical) broke-out amongst two or more of my
guests in my living room, I wouldn't  tell them to `take it outside,' I'd tell
them to knock it off and help them to settle their differences.  Why?  Because
I care.  Because I'm not afraid to get involved.

     Following this reasoning, if you're the type of person who  doesn't  care
or  is  afraid  to  get involved, then you must also be the type of person who
`don't care' if their  living  room  gets  busted-up  by some ruffians, or, at
worst, will tell the fighting horde to `take it outside' because you're afraid
to get involved.  Apathy is, in my opinion, probably the  largest  reason  why
networking  (and,  for that matter, the world itself) is the way it is now and
it will only continue to get worse  until  enough people who give a damn about
what happens come forward and start making a difference.  If only more  people
would actually care about things, we could do wonders.  There is no excuse for
apathy in my book.

     If  everybody  could just keep in mind merely HALF of what I went over in
this  article  and  make  a  fair   effort  in  maintaining  a  good  modeming
relationship with others, the NETs would all be a much friendlier and  helpful
place to frequent.  I know that doing this is asking a lot of some people, but
I  think  that the potential benefits far outweigh any inconveniences or other
excuses that anyone may  give  for  NOT  making  an  effort to maintain a good
relationship with others.  It's a far better thing to do than to carry-on like
a bunch of immature and ill-mannered jerks and, as the unknown author  of  the
letter  at  the beginning of this article so insightfully indicated, turn WWIV
into World War IV.


        Deacon Blues  2@7653  IceNEWS Contributing Light Bytes Editor
        ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ


                            ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                            ³ T E C H N I C A L ³
                            ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Packet Radio - BBS ³ Ima Moron (1@9661)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     Can you imagine the day when you  may E-mail a user 1000 miles away never
using a phone line?  The day is here,  amateur  radio  enthusiasts  have  tied
together ham radio and the BBS systems to create "packet radio".

     This  article  is  a  compilation of information from a variety of packet
sources which I have downloaded in file  form from ARRL, a packet node located
in Conn.  Interspersed within  Mr. Bono's writing  are some updated  technical
facts  that  were  edited  from  the  amateur  operators  monthly news letter.
Appended at the end of  that  data  are  my  own  comments and visions of what
packet may be- come and how our current networks may incorporate  this  medium
of data flow.



                   -= An Amateur Packet Radio Overview =-

                                   by

                            Rich Bono (NM1D)
                             October, 1990
                             (revision 1.2)

     Just what IS amateur packet radio?

     Amateur  packet  radio  is  (yet  another)  digital  transmission  method
available  for  use  via amateur radio.  It provides 'error free' transmission
and reception of messages  (information/data/etc.) between two stations.  This
error-free capability is a prime consideration.  Error free  in  this  context
does  not  mean  that your typing or spelling mistakes will be fixed, but that
all transmitted 'data' will be received 100% intact, as sent.  In fact, if the
data cannot be delivered 100%  intact,  the transmission is eventually aborted
and the user is informed that there is no longer a connection between the  two
stations.
     
     The 'packet' in 'packet radio' comes from the method of transmitting your
information  over  the  air.   Your data is broken up into packets (or blocks)
that are transmitted.   Each  packet  contains  the  sending and the receiving
station call-signs and  some  optional  routing  information.   A  packet  can
contain  from 0 to 256 data (or information) bytes.  The users normally do not
need to be concerned with  this  'packetizing' of their messages.  Each packet
is sent and then acknowledged by the receiver when received.  If a  packet  is
not  received  correctly,  then  it  is  automatically re-transmitted (up to a
maximum number of times).  You normally  don't  have to know about all this to
use packet  radio.   The  'packetizing'  happens  automatically,  without  any
thought or actions required by you.

File Transfer:
 
     With  special  software,  amateurs  can  pass  any  binary files to other
amateurs.  Currently, this is done with TCP/IP communications, YAPP, and other
specialized protocols.
 
Satellite Communications:
 
     Many of the amateur  radio  satellites contain microcomputer systems that
can provide special information to  amateurs.   Some  satellites  contain  CCD
cameras  on  board  and  you  can  download images of the earth and the stars.
Others provide store  and  forward  packet  mailboxes  to  allow rapid message
transfers over long distances.  Some satellites use AX.25,  some  use  special
packet protocols developed for satellite communications.  A few transmit AX.25
packets over FM transmitters, but most use SSB transmissions.
 
     This  is somewhat similar to the commercial X.25 standard.  There is also
a growing TCP/IP user base.  If you are not network oriented, then the details
of these protocols are not important to  you  as an operator of a packet radio
station.

     Be  aware  that most packet radio operation at this time is at 1200 baud.
This will seem slow when  compared  to  what  it happening on networks, and on
telephone BBSs....  but what is gained is  world-wide  access,  for  NO  COST.
Once  you have your equipment, and your license, there are no fees (except for
the electricity that your  computer  and  other  equipment  use).  There are a
growing number of amateurs who are experimenting with 2400 and even  9600  (or
higher)  baud operation, so it shouldn't be too long before these faster rates
become very popular!

     The most popular packet frequencies in  the USA are in the two-meter band
(144-148 MHz).  Check out the following frequencies (they may be different  in
your  area; ask a local amateur if you don't hear anything).  Even the typical
'police scanner' can be used to listen to these frequencies:

           145.01, 145.03, 145.05, 145.07, 145.09 MHz

            If the above are busy, many areas also use:
           144.91, 144.93, 144.95, 144.97, 144.99 MHz

  this is with an average FM transceiver set for SIMPLEX operation
  (transmitting and receiving on the same frequency).

     Yes, you need a valid amateur  radio  license.  There is (in the southern
New Hampshire area) packet radio activity on the Novice  bands.   But  if  you
want  access  to  the  mainstream  of  packet  radio, you will want at least a
Technician amateur radio license.  (Although, as mentioned earlier, some areas
have an active packet radio network that is accessible with the Novice amateur
radio license.)
 
     If you already own an amateur  FM  transceiver (or an HF SSB transceiver)
then you have all the equipment needed.  If not, a  two-meter  FM  transceiver
can be purchased for used from $100-250.00, new from $300.00 on up.
 
    Cost effective....  Hmmm, well first be aware that amateur radio cannot be
used  for  any  commercial or business purposes...  But where else can one get
hours (years) of enjoyment and service  out  of  $470.00 ($350 for a radio and
$120 for a TNC, assuming you already have the computer  or  terminal).   Note:
This stuff can be contagious....  be forewarned!!


                         -= The Future BBS Network =-
                            by 1@9661 IceNET

     If  the will of the public is upheld then any enthusiast should see a day
in the near future when amateur  computer networks will satellite uplink their
own international  communications  connects  bypassing  AT&T  and  other  long
distance carriers.  The reach just isn't that far away to be pessimistic about
the future of packet with regards to the current computer networks in mind.

     The  problems  and  drawbacks to adding international packet connects are
not insurmountable at this  time,  recently  the  US Senate has approved micro
wave  communications  (burst   transmission   hardware)   sales   to   foreign
governments.   I  would  presume  that if the Senate trusts a foreign interest
with formerly classified  communications  hardware  then  our government would
trust the American people with a similar equivalent of the hardware  necessary
to communicate with the foreign links within existing networks.

     The  hardware  limitations  involved  in  radio licensing are the current
limitation to the speed of  the  data  stream flowing from the existing inter-
national networks.  Here we are speaking of frequency limitations that are the
government's control block to limit the  interference  that  the  amateur  can
create  upon  the  commercial  media.   However  I feel that a little care and
concern shown by the  amateurs  would  indicate  to  the  FCC authority that a
stable data base that complies to any affecting FCC standard can be  entrusted
to the amateur.

     Problematic  to creating such an amateur network is cooperation among the
operators.  The stability of  the  individual  operator  or network would most
likely be adjudged by the  FCC  on  the  basis  of  how  well  controlled  the
membership of the body of the group appears at the outset of inspection to the
presiding  authority.   Recently  NASA  has  executed tests concerning amateur
radio enthusiasts,  the point of  mentioning these tests  should indicate that
there is a level of trust existing within the governing body of the country.
    
     If the BBS network operators ever attain the previously stated  level  of
trust  then perhaps a low power uplink station could be manned by FCC approved
packet radio enthusiasts.  Until then the  highest level of radio connect that
we may attain would be a micro wave beam transmitted from station  to  station
just  as  we  now  relay  our  messages  by  phone link.  Again the micro-wave
equipment is the key to increased baud rate.

     With the baud limitations removed  I  can  foresee that packet radio will
evolve from the "tinker  toy"  existence  that  it  occupies  within  computer
networks to a multi-level network relay operating within the international BBS
community.  The time to initiate the expansion of packet radio is now, the who
is a trusted public that complies with FCC standards.

         -= Further Sources of Information About Ham and Packet Radio =-

     The  BBS  address  listed  below  is  an active packet base.  Any and all
questions concerning contacting the operators and authors listed in the  table
of addresses below should be directed to the systems operator of ARRL.

                ARRL
                225 Main Street
                Newington, Conn. 06111
                Voice (203) 666-1541
                BBS   (203) 666-0578  14400/N-8-1
                =================================


     This is a list of all groups that regularly discuss amateur packet radio.
For newsgroups, join the group through use of your news reader.   For  mailing
lists,  add a '-request' to the end of the list name to request subscriptions.
For listserv groups, send mail  to  'listserv'  at the node which contains the
list.  The first line of the mail should be  'SUBSCRIBE  groupname  yourname'.
Send the command 'help' for more information.
 
   rec.radio.amateur.packet (Newsgroup):  General discussions involving
   Packet Radio.
 
   rec.radio.amateur.misc (Newsgroup):  General amateur radio discussion.
   Usually does not contain any particular information about Amateur
   Packet Radio.
 
   rec.radio.amateur.policy (Newsgroup):  Discussion of regulation
   policies regarding every aspect of amateur radio.  Occasionally deals
   with policies of packet coordination and legal issues of packet radio.
 
   rec.radio.swap (Newsgroup):  General For-Sale for any radio equipment.
   Occasionally will have packet equipment for sale.  Recommended location
   for any amateur packet radio for-sale items.
 
   info-hams@ucsd.edu (Listserv group):  A digest redistribution of the
   rec.radio.amateur.misc Usenet discussion.
 
   packet-radio@ucsd.edu (Listserv group):  A digest redistribution of the
   rec.radio.amateur.packet Usenet discussion.
 
   ham-policy@ucsd.edu (Listserv group):  A digest redistribution of the
   rec.radio.amateur.policy Usenet discussion
 
   hs-modem@wb3ffv.ampr.org (Mailing list):  Discussion of high speed
   modems and radios available and future plans.  Also includes discussion
   of networking using high speed modems.
 
   tcp-group@ucsd.edu (Mailing list):  Group discussion of technical
   developments of TCP/IP over packet radio and use of the NOS TCP/IP
   programs.
 
   gateways@uhm.ampr.org (Mailing list):  Discussion of current gateways
   and future plans for gateways.  May deal with sensitive internetworking
   issues.
 
   listserv@knuth.mtsu.edu has several interesting mailing lists available.
 
                Ima Moron (1@9661)  IceNEWS Light Bytes Editor
                ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

                 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 ³ S O F T W A R E / P R O G R A M M I N G ³
                 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Learning C (Second of a four part series) ³ Daarkhan (1@7676)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     This month we will continue this four part introductory series on  the  C
programming  language.  Last month we covered the history and development, and
now we will actually begin to get into the nuts and bolts of the language.


STATEMENTS AND FUNCTIONS

     The basic elements of C  programs  (indeed,  the basic elements of almost
any programming language) are statements.  Defined, a STATEMENT is a  "set  of
instructions  that  make  up  one unit of a computer program." These units put
together make up FUNCTIONS.  In C,  a  function is a named subroutine that can
be called by other parts of the program.  Functions are made up of  statements
which are grouped together to accomplish a specific task.

     While this might sound a little confusing to some of you, think of having
a robot that you have to  give  instructions  to.   These  instructions  might
include:

          1. Go to the store
          2. Purchase some milk
          3. Come home and pour me a glass of milk

     These  instructions  would represent functions of the robot's programming
(you specifying the input).  In  order  for  the robot to perform these tasks,
however, you have to give it more precise instructions.  The  first  function,
"go  to  the  store,"  may  be made up of the following instructions which the
robot can understand:

          a. go to the door
          b. open the door
          c. walk out of the door
          d. go to the sidewalk
          e. walk to Third St.
          f. turn left
             - And so on
      
      Each  function  is  comprised  of  many  smaller  instructions  that the
computer can understand.  While even the most  sophisticated  robots  may  not
directly  understand  "go to the door," it is used for instructional purposes,
and you should understand that  the  idea  here is that related statements are
sequenced together into functions.  Statements represent  the  parts  of  your
program which actually perform the operations.


FUNCTION STRUCTURE

     In  C, statements are separated from each other by the semicolon ";".  In
some languages like BASIC and FORTRAN, a  line is ended by the end-of-line (or
newline) character and lines are interpreted literally.  In C and  most  other
STRUCTURED  languages  (Pascal, Modula-2, etc.) the semicolon marks the end of
one statement.  This means that  you  can  have one statement spanning several
physical lines, and you can have several statements on one line.   It  doesn't
matter.  The compiler only recognizes semicolons as statement separators.

     Functions basically follow this form:

          function_name()
          {
               <statement sequence>
          }
     
     Function  name  represents  the  actual name of the function itself.  The
statement sequence may be one  or  more  statements.   A function may be named
anything you wish, except for the following conditions:

          1. A function may not have the same name as any
               of C's reserved words (see chapter 1).

          2. The name must be comprised of upper- and lower-
               case letters, the digits 0-9, and the under-
               score "_".

          3. Most compilers have additional restrictions, such
               as requiring that function names are no longer
               than 32 characters.


     Also, note that C is a CASE SENSITIVE  language.   That  means  that  the
function names

          function  <and>  FUNCTION

are technically two different functions as  far  as the compiler sees it.  You
should try, however, to use function names that are meaningful,  and  not  too
long.   The "de-facto" standard in C programming is to use lower-case function
names with underscores separating words, for example:

          function_one();
          my_function();
          display_top_scores();

     In  case you are wondering, the parentheses following the function's name
are required.  Later, we will  learn  how parameters (arguments) may be passed
to and from  functions.   For  now,  we  will  not  be  passing  any  function
parameters,  so we will leave the parentheses empty.  C defines a word for "no
parameters" called "void." We will  use  that convention whenever we declare a
function.
     
     Note also, that all functions in C return a value of  some  type  to  the
caller.   This may be an integer, a floating point (real) number, a character,
or any number of different things.  For now, we do not care what our functions
are returning, so we will call them  "void  functions." Now, if we take a look
at the three example  functions  we  declared  before,  we would more properly
redeclare them as:

          void function_one (void);
          void my_function (void);
          void display_top_scores (void);

     This means that we are declaring three functions that take no  parameters
(arguments)  and  we  do  not  care  what  values these functions, themselves,
return.
  
If this seems confusing to you, don't  worry  about it.  It just means that we
want the functions to perform actions, and not modify or  return  any  values.
If  you  need  more  help with this concept, please post your questions on the
"Learning C" subbase.

     While a C program may  have  many  different  functions, it MUST have one
particular function: main().  main() is the first function that  C  will  look
for to begin a program's execution.

     Function  statements  in  C  are all enclosed within CODE BLOCKS.  These
code blocks are designated  by  a  beginning  and  an  end  brace "{" and "}",
respectively.  If you know a little about programming, think of an open  brace
"{"  as  a  BEGIN  statement,  and it's counterpart close brace "}" as the END
statement.  This will become more  apparent  to  you  as we start writing some
small programs.


LIBRARY FUNCTIONS

     If you are familiar with BASIC, you know that all of  BASIC's  statements
such  as  PRINT and GOTO and INPUT are all built into the language itself.  In
C, however, these control statements are all EXTERNAL LIBRARY FUNCTIONS.  This
means that we have to import them  from  somewhere  else in order for C to use
them.  C, itself, has no built in I/O control.  We have to tell the C compiler
where to look for these control functions.

     One of the most common library functions is

          printf()

     This function is similar to BASIC's PRINT statement in that  it  displays
data  on  the  screen.   So,  for example, this is a valid use of the printf()
function:

          printf ("C is fun");

     Note that strings in C are treated as arrays of characters, and they must
be enclosed in  quotes  to  be  printed.   And,  of  course,  the semicolon is
necessary to end the statement.

     So, if we have to get these functions from somewhere else,  where  do  we
get  them?   Well,  we have to use C's #include directive and specify a HEADER
FILE to get our functions from.  The most common header file is

          STDIO.H

which is an abbreviation of "standard input and output" functions.  You should
have this header file with ANY C compiler.  It contains the PROTOTYPES (a term
we'll  learn  later)  of  a great deal of C's input and output functions.  For
now, we'll only concern ourselves with STDIO.H.  We tell C to read in the data
found in STDIO.H by issuing a PREPROCESSOR DIRECTIVE like:

          #include "stdio.h"

     Note: preprocessor directives take place before the actual  code  of  the
program  is  compiled,  and  the  directives  themselves are NOT statements or
functions, and do not  end  with  semicolons.   I  know,  this  may seem a bit
awkward but you'll get used to it.  We basically have  to  tell  the  compiler
where  to  get  the information we need to use the input and output functions.
One nice thing about C is that you  don't have to specify all of the functions
you want.  For example, in Modula-2 you have to import every  single  function
you need, like:

          FROM InOut IMPORT WriteString, WriteInt, WriteCard,
                              WriteLn, ReadCard;

     And  so on.  This, in my opinion, is unnecessary work on the programmer's
part, and computers should make our  lives  easier,  not tie us down with this
kind of busy work.

     Oh, note that the STDIO.H  in  the  directive  above  can  be  in  either
uppercase  or  lowercase  (the lowercase is the traditional method) however it
doesn't matter because it's an actual DOS filename.

     One more note: C for  the  most  part ignores spaces and carriage returns
(newlines).  (It's a little picky about preprocessor  directives,  but  that's
about  it).   It  doesn't care where you put a curly brace or function name or
whatever in relation to the line.  It's  just a matter of coding standards.  I
will use the standards that I think look the best and  make  my  programs  the
easiest  to  read.   You  are  free  to  do what you wish, but I would suggest
copying my standards as closely as possible.

     As an example of this,  these  two  programs  are identical as far as the
compiler sees.  Each will display:

          Greetings! How are you today?

on the screen, but the first program listing is definitely easier to read:

     /* LISTING ONE */

          #include "stdio.h"

          void main (void)
          {
               printf ("Greetings! ");
               printf ("How are you today!");
          }


     /* LISTING TWO */

          #include "stdio.h"

          void main (void) { printf ("Greetings! "); printf ("How
          are you today!"); }


     Two more quick notes while  I'm  at  it.   First is COMMENTS.  The things
enclosed by /* */ are  comments.   The  compiler  totally  ignores  them,  and
they're  used  primarily to make your code easily readable to someone else (or
yourself at a later date).  They make no difference to your program.

     The second note is that I will  not always put the #include statements in
my code for these tutorials.  You should  understand  that  library  functions
don't need the #include directives.  It just saves me some typing.  If you are
using  Turbo C, and get a "prototype not found" error/warning while compiling,
it probably means that you  forgot  to  #include  some header file.  Move your
cursor over the function whose prototype is missing and press CTRL-F1.   Turbo
C  will display the parameters for that function and tell you what header file
it's contained in.



CREATE YOUR FIRST PROGRAM

     We have already written one  small program (the "Greetings!" program will
run and compile.  I suggest that if you are using a compiler such as  Turbo  C
that you use the Integrated Development Environment that comes with it.  It is
an  excellent editor and has much to offer.  You are free, however, to use any
kind of ASCII text editor and just  send  your code to your compiler, but this
should all be explained by the documentation for your compiler.

     There  are basically three kinds of files you need to worry about at this
time:

     1.  SOURCE FILES - These are your source codes, the programs you type in.
You should give your source files  a  ".C" extension.  Don't worry, though.  C
is intelligent enough not to require this (unlike Modula-2 which requires your
source files to have .MOD extensions).   The  .C  extension  is  a  matter  of
tradition.

     2.   HEADER  FILES  -  We  already  talked about these.  Header files are
basically files which  list  the  library  functions'  prototypes.  We will be
writing  our  own  header  files  later.   Just know now that you need them to
import your I/O functions.

     3.  EXECUTABLE  FILES  -  When  you  compile  your  program,  if  you are
successful (i.e.  no errors) you will receive an executable file -  a  version
of your program that you can run from DOS which has a .EXE extension.  This is
the "run-time" version of your program.

     In addition, most C compilers (actually, I think ALL of them) make a file
which  has a .OBJ extension.  These types of files are called OBJECT FILES and
are basically low-level version (machine codes) which are then translated into
.EXE versions.  Don't worry about them  for  now.  You don't need to keep them
around (i.e.  your EXE file is enough to run) but you don't  necessarily  have
to delete them either (unless you're crunching for space on your hard drive).

     So,  I  promised a program.  Here it is.  Type this program EXACTLY as it
appears below  into  your  editor  and  compile  it.   It  should  produce the
following on your screen:


          Greetings! C is fun to learn!

          The sum of 2 and 2 is 4.

  
     /* PROGRAM: TEST.C */

     #include "stdio.h:

     void main (void)
     {
          printf ("Greetings! ");
          printf ("C is fun to learn!\n\n");
          printf ("The sum of 2 and 2 is %i", 2+2);
     }

     /* END OF PROGRAM TEST.C */


     We learn from doing...  so let me explain two concepts here that  I  have
not  yet  touched  upon regarding printf().  We'll save these two concepts for
chapter 3, but I cannot  leave  you  hanging.   This  will give you a taste of
what's to come.

     The first concept is called BACKSLASH CHARACTER CONSTANTS.  In  C,  there
are  certain  characters  which  represent un-printable characters.  A list of
these follows:

          CODE                     MEANING
          _____                    ________________________

          \b                       backspace
          \f                       form feed
          \n                       newline
          \r                       carriage return
          \t                       horizontal tab
          \"                       double quote
          \'                       single quote
          \0                       NULL character
          \\                       backslash character
          \v                       vertical tab
          \a                       alert (bell)
          \o                       octal constant
          \x                       hexadecimal constant


     We'll eventually learn all of these, but  for now, we'll only take a look
at a few.  The one I used in the example above is the \n  (newline)  constant.
This  will cause printf() to basically execute a newline (almost as if you had
hit ENTER).  The  addition  of  \n  gets  rid  of  overtyping (like, again, in
Modula- 2 how you would have to type

          WriteString ("Whatever");
          WriteLn;

     just to accomplish the same thing as with C's:

          printf ("Whatever\n");

     You can see the significance.) Let's take a  look  at  another  backslash
character  constant:  \"  This constant will print a quote sign inside of your
quotes.  For example, if you want to print the following:

          "Come here," Mary said.

     You would use:

          printf ("\"Come here,\" Mary said.");

     See how easy that is?  We basically use the \" to print the quote symbol.
This is necessary or else  the  compiler  would  think that you're ending your
quotes instantly...  for example, you can NOT do this:

          printf (""Come here," Mary said.");

or the compiler will yell at you.  The use of the  character  constants  makes
formatting a LOT easier in C than in most other languages, and lets the

PROGRAMMER be the boss.

     The second concept I pulled on you was the use of printf()'s FORMAT CODES.
  
Look at the line

          printf ("The sum of 2 and 2 is %i", 2+2);

     The "%i" is a format code  that  tells the compiler "put an integer value
in here." The integer value is supplied by what's after the comma (the  second
parameter/argument to printf).  Here is an easier example to digest:

          printf ("%i",5);

     This  will  simply print a 5 on the screen.  You're sending two arguments
to printf:

          1. a string that says "put an integer value on the
               screen"

          2. the integer value itself.


     If  you  want,  you  can  use  multiple  format  codes  in  your printf()
statements, such as:

          printf ("%i plus %i is equal to %i", 2, 2, 5);

     This will print:

          2 plus 2 is equal to 5

on the screen.  Parameters are taken from left to right as  they  are  needed.
Of  course,  the  integer (%i) format code is not the only one.  We will learn
all of them eventually.

          CODE                     MEANING
          _____                    ________________________

          %u                       unsigned decimal/integer
          %x                       hexadecimal
          %%                       prints a '%' sign
          %p                       pointer
          %s                       string of characters
          %o                       octal
          %d or %i                 decimal integer
          %e                       scientific notation
          %f                       floating point (real)
          %c                       single character


NEXT ISSUE:

     In  the  next  issue  of  IceNEWS  I  will  cover  variables,  assignment
statements and keyboard input.


SOURCES

     Downing, Douglas. Dictionary of Computer Terms. New York:
          Barrons, 1989.

     Holzner, Steven. C Programming: The Accessible Guide to
          Professional Programming. New York: Brady, 1991.

     Schildt, Herbert. Teach Yourself C. Berkeley: Osborne
          McGraw-Hill, 1990.

                Daarkhan (1@7676)  IceNEWS Contributing Writer
                ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ The Incredible Mr. "Limpet" - Tradewars v. 2.0 ³ Zeus (1@7662)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     Tradewars 2002 version  2.00  Beta-Wide  version  is  now released.  Gary
Martin, I think, out did himself with this version.  He has added quite a  few
new features to the game, but registering it has become difficult.

     To  register  the  game,  you  need  to call a Bulletin Board who has the
Beta-Wide version available  for  download  (@7664).   Within  this  file is a
registration form (TWORDER.FRM) to be filled out and mailed (with a  $20  fee,
except  in  Kansas,  where  you  have  to pay state tax).  Now, you are asking
yourself, "I am registered, why  do  I  have  to re-register?" You don't!  All
SysOps, who paid  $15  for  the  obsolete  1.03d,  can  use  the  update  form
(TWUPDATE.FRM)  within the Zip file.  You need your original registration card
that Gary sent you, to transfer information (including your registration code)
to it.  You mail it to Gary's  company  and  you will receive in the mail your
new code.  The new code will need the Board's name that it is registered  for.
For example:

     If I took The Nine Worlds of Asgard's registration number
     and placed it in my game on my board, The Kingdom of Olympus, I 
     would still have to include his board name in the registration
     portion of the Editor. 

Using  a different "Board Name" with the reg code, nullifies it.  This is nice
to keep pirated codes from being  transferred  around all over the place.  The
only way that it is not nice is if you change your board name.  You will  then
have  to  re-update,  and  get  a  new  code.   The  only  bad  part about the
registering of the code is that Gary changed his BBS software.  You can either
mail it, using the your  favorite  post  man  (New subscribers must do it this
way); Call Castle Ravenloft and upload the update form, or e-mail a  BBS  that
is  in FIDO net, which will get the form to Gary, eventually.  Me, personally,
I would call his board or "snail" mail it.

     The game itself  has  3  sections  that  users  can  modify: The Game, by
playing; The editor, to change configs; and Big Bang to reset the game.   Lets
look at each of these:

Big Bang:
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     This  has changed to make it easier for registered boards to set up their
universe and have it a little  more  "unique"  game.   You can have up to 5000
sectors, set the course path to a certain maximum,  initial  number  of  ports
(few  makes  the  game  TOUGH!<g>),  Density  of  the  Universe (makes it real
difficult to map <eg>), maximum  #  of planets, players, ships, and Starports.
On MY 486 DX/33mhz, it takes about a minute and  a  half  to  create  a  5,000
sector game.

TEDIT:
ÄÄÄÄÄ
     
     The  editor  has  3  new features and 4 modified features.  The three new
features are: <D> - Remove derelict spacecraft - which removes a player's (one
who has been removed from the game)  extra ships and any other space "junk" in
the game.; <O> - BBS node editor - This allows for multiple instances  of  the
BBS  to  play the game, interactively.  I am not totally sure that this works,
but I think it should.  You are given a menu for each instance you are running
for your BBS (0 - Local, 1 -  phone  number, etc...).  You have to put all the
specific information for your data, drop file(s) and type (WWIV), and comport.
You are also asked if the node (instance) is active (Type "Y").;  <V>  -  Ship
Editor - This feature modifies the different ships a player owns.  This is NOT
a  "create"  a  new ship type.  This is necessary for players to own more than
one ship.

     The  4 modified features are : <G> - General Info and setup, screen one -
This section has the new  format  for  the registration input (Code, BBS name,
SysOp/Referee[optional]).  You can also set the initial  credits  to  anything
you  want,  but  mind  you, if you give 2,000,000 credits, it will TAX the new
player.  <H> - General Info and setup, screen two - This has 4 new features to
it.  there is a Death Delay  (for  those suicidal types), Cloaking Device Fail
Rate, a Navigational Hazard Dispersion rate, and a new player's "home"  world.
<N>  - Planet Editor - This has a Transporter Level setting, new citadel level
(7 in the editor, 6 for the game  playing).  <U> - User Editor - The ship name
has been replaced with the ship # of  your  fleet,  Bounty  amounts  that  you
received  along  with  the  Bounty  count, Contract money and hit count if you
are/were a bad guy.  It  also  gives  you  your  balance in then Galactic Bank
(500,000 limit in the game, but not the editor <eg>).

The Game:
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     When you first log on as a new player, it gives you an "out" if you don't
want to play.  If the player continues, he will log in like the old  way,  but
before  he  enters the game for playing, and the sysop/referee has it enabled,
it will ask for your "home" planet's name.  You will be on your planet (placed
randomly in the game), then you leave your planet and begin your mission.  The
planets maximums have been changed from 10,000 for products to 100,000 and you
can have a limit of 1,000,000 fighters  on  your planet.  When you type "V" at
the main prompt (for the game configs), it will list the board's name and  the
name  of the board that it is registered for.  That's why you need the board's
name portion for the  registration  code.   Some  of the Ships (Havoc Gunstar,
Imperial StarShip) have been drastically altered <eg>.  They also have  a  new
ship,  the  Interdictor  Cruiser.   This  baby  can't  land  on  planets,  but
oooooooooooh is it NASTY!
     
     You  can  transport  from one ship to another (owned).  Make sure you are
within range to do so, otherwise, it  will  not allow it.  For example: If you
are traveling around in a Colonial Transport, working on getting products  and
you  scan a "hot" sector, you can either fly (back) to a safe section of space
and transport to your Correlian Battleship  (as  long as you are within range)
and come and wipe out the sector, then transport back to your  CT  and  go  on
your  merry way.  There is also a planetary transwarp if you are stranded on a
planet because of hostile  activity  in  your  sector.   If you have a fighter
roaming around in some  distant  sector,  within  range  of  course,  you  can
teleport  your  ship  to  that  sector  and disrupt whatever was in the sector
waiting for you.

     The density of the universe can drastically effect your turns.  In 1.03d,
going from sector 1 to 490  (StarDock)  is  6 sectors away.  In 2.0, where you
set the density to be 50%, then it will take 12  turns  to  cross  6  sectors.
This  is  nice  to make the universe more difficult to map and to help players
build up.  This also encourages  players  to purchase the Transwar Drive ships
(which can be toggled on and off in your computer).

     There is a new item at the Stardock, which can help track  little  "gnat"
players that keep "running" your sector and running away.  They are the Limpet
mines.   Nice  little  "trackers."  They can even be detected under a cloaking
device <EG>.  The  starports  now  have  the  configs of (BBB,SBB,BSB,BBS,SSS,
BSS,SBS,SSB) next to them to let the player know what they are  buying  and/or
selling.

     During  the  course  of  a  game, hazardous debris will pop up (destroyed
ships/planets/ports/ferrengi/etc...).  You may not be  able to get through, if
this sector is known to  be  a  frequent  attack  area  and  there  is  debris
everywhere.

     The  planets  have  a Level 6 Citadel, which incorporates the Interdictor
Generator.  If you  enable  this,  any  player  coming  in  is trapped in your
sector, until you release them or destroy them.  Nice little gadget!  <EG>

     For all you non-ansi players out there, you can tell where you have  been
because uncharted sectors appear in parenthesis.  Thanks Louie, for that info!

     Well,  that's  about  all  the  changes  in  the  TW game, in a condensed
version.  I am still exploring the game  for  other things, but I will let you
all know if I come up with something new.  I like it.   I  think  most  others
will, once they register/update their copies.

                  Zeus (1@7662)  IceNEWS Contributing Writer
                  ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

                  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                  ³ S U B   B O A R D   S P O T L I G H T ³
                  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ Spaces News and Views ³ George Hastings (4@8410)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
[Subtype: 8410, Host: @8410]

    SpaceNews  &  Views is one of the most complete electronic sources of free
space information available anywhere.

    Available directly through IceNET, WWIVnet,  WWIVLink, and gated through a
number of other linked  BBS  networks,  SpaceNews  &  Views  includes  current
information  about  unmanned  spacecraft,  daily  official NASA mission status
reports during space shuttle  missions, extensive background information about
payloads and experiments carried on space  shuttles and  spacecraft  of  other
nations, and easy to understand articles about astronomy.

    Readers  of  SpaceNews & Views also find it a good place to post questions
about space science.  There are  readers  all  over the United States, Canada,
Mexico, the United Kingdom, and even one BBS in Okinawa, and it  doesn't  take
long to get a well-informed reply from experts in the field.

    The  host  of  SpaceNews  &  Views  is George Hastings, a teacher of space
science for the Mathematics & Science Center, a regional educational consortium
for the public  school  districts  in  Richmond,  Virginia and the surrounding
counties.

     George has a great deal of first-hand knowledge about space science.   He
has  taught  space  science  and  astronomy  for  Oklahoma  State  University,
California  State  University, and Virginia Commonwealth University.  For many
years he was an  aerospace  educator  for  the  National Aeronautics and Space
Administration, and is one of only six  educators  in  the  United  States  to
travel to Zhvuzhdny Gorodok (Star-town), Russia for cosmonaut training.

     If  you  have an interest in real science, astronomy, robotic exploration
of the solar system,  human  spaceflight,  or  the  future directions of space
research and utilization, then the SpaceNews & Views sub  is  one  you  should
request from the SYSOP of your BBS if it isn't already carried.

            George Hastings (4@8410)  IceNEWS Contributing Writer
            ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

                           ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                           ³ L I T E   B Y T E S ³
                           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ How They Got Started in BBSing ³ Louie (6@1)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

    Has  anybody else ever wondered how and why people start to call BBSs?  I
know I have.   I  have  my  reasons  for  BBSing,  but are everyone's reasons
basically the same?  I found out that the answer to that question is both yes,
and no.

    It seems that everybody starts bbsing for different reasons at first,  but
they  stay  with it out of a love for computers and other folks that use them.
In other words, BBSers think of each  other  as one big family.  Of course, as
WWIVlink election politics has shown in the past, we  aren't  always  a  happy
family - but we are family none the less.

    I  asked several people around the networks to tell me why they started to
use BBSs  and/or Computers.  I  got  six responses around IceNET.  Well, maybe
seven responses if we count myself.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                               Random  (1@3050)

     Well, I actually started out using  computers  &  terminals  long  before
first calling a BBS.  At first, I used a 300 baud half-duplex acoustic coupler
modem  with  a printing-type dumb terminal.  It was used mainly to play around
with computer(s) at my father's business.

     Later on, after getting a TRS-80  model  I,  we also got a 300 baud (full
duplex, direct-connect) modem  which  I  used  mostly  in  communication  with
mainframe-type computers.

     After  moving to California, and upgrading to a TRS-80 Color Computer and
a Hayes Smartmodem 300 (it could dial  the  phone too), I called my first real
BBS - an Apple ][ system run by a friend ("The Torture Chamber", I believe  it
was).  It was really weak by today's BBS standards (you'd have to quit back to
the  main menu to post, no wordwrap, etc), but it was the height of technology
at the time.

1$F4 1@1

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 
                                Filo  (1@2050)

     Although I have been  associated  with  PCs  since  the early 80's, I had
never used a DOS based machine until 1988.  At that time, I changed  jobs  and
wanted to be able to use some on-line Tax Research Libraries for some articles
that  I  wanted  to  write.  Not knowing a thing about using modems, accessing
on-line libraries, etc., but knowing that it cost $10 an hour for the research
plus the LD charges, I wanted to experiment with using the modem to connect to
BBSs first.  My son and I then  began to frequent local and LD bbses, learning
as much as we could and having a lot of fun.

     After a few weeks of this, my son said, "Dad, let's set up a BBS."

     That began our search for the most appropriate software.  Being neophytes
who barely knew what an autoexec.bat file  was much less such exotic things as
configuring modems and so forth, we tried several types of  BBS  software  and
had  trouble  getting  them  to  work  or  to  properly  answer the phone.  In
desperation, I called  the  modem  manufacturer  (Avatex)  and  inquired as to
whether or not their modem had been used for BBSes.  I  learned  that  it  was
used  successfully  with  several types of software including some that we had
tried.  I explained that I  wanted  something that was entirely different than
the RBBS, QBBS, PcBoards that were in my area and asked  what  the  technician
suggested.   He  told me that WWIV had a very different look and feel and that
the Avatex would work quite well with it.

     Since I had never seen a  WWIV  bbs  board, I asked where to register and
what it cost and mailed Wayne Bell a check for $50 without  ever  having  seen
WWIV.

     Needless  to  say,  I  was  not  disappointed  with  the  product  that I
downloaded from Amber (v4.05) and I have  been a happy user of WWIV ever since
then.

Filo
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                             Jack Ryan  (1@4707)

     I first started BBSing in 1986, after I got out of the Army, and  started
college.   I  was  a computer science major, and started playing around on the
national boards.  After getting board with  school (three years is my limit on
most things <g>), I started work for  a  computer  company  as  a  technician.
Since  I  was  able  to purchase equipment at cost, I soon put together my own
system.

     Back in 1990 I called the only  WWIV  BBS  we had in Columbus, MS.  I got
addicted to it real quick, and called twice every day to get  my  TW2002  fix.
Anyway,  the  sysop  was 15, and decided he was going to shut down, leaving me
with nothing to do after work.  I got a copy of WWIV, registered it, and began
fumbling my way through modifying the source code.

     I was able to  attract  a  fairly  decent following, considering the fact
that I had NO file area back then.  Since that time I have run the  only  WWIV
BBS in Columbus, MS; Jackson, MS; and now Boca Raton, FL.  However, every time
I setup in a new area a few WWIV boards start up after seeing what WWIV is all
about...

Jack Ryan
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                Ima Moron  (1@9661)

     I started to call BBSs as a way to meet and converse with people, the use
of the computer helps me avoid  the stress of a face to face conversation.  In
my  second  year  of  calling  BBSs  a local sysop had placed WWIV411.ZIP in a
directory labeled "..for so-and-so  only",  I immediately downloaded the file.
Kling the Lofty from the Sargon Empire never knew  that  I  downloaded  it,  I
studied  the  software  docs for several months before I put up Das' Tube BBS!
and here I am today.

Ima
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                            Deacon Blues  (2@7653)

     I got into BBSing through  my  friend,  Spelunker.  I've known him for on
about 12 years now, long before either of us were a part  of  the  BBS  scene.
Back  in  those  days,  Spelunker and I were toying around with Extended Basic
programs on his old TI-99/4A.   Eventually,  Spelunker decided to upgrade to a
PC when the prices started to fall out on them about 4 years  ago.   Spelunker
then  eventually  invested  in  a  modem  as he continued to build his system.
Shortly thereafter, he began to call BBSs.

     At first, I wasn't  much  interested  in  modeming.   However, the more I
began to see of it through watching Spelunker online, the  more  interested  I
became in getting into the modem scene.  It was then, roughly two and one-half
years  ago, that I applied for my first BBS account (which, by the way, was on
After Midnight / Up All Night, IceNET @11).

Deacon Blues
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                Will  (1@6754)

     I got into BBSing in early  1988,  after  someone  gave me a new 1200 bps
modem as a birthday present.  I slapped it into my XT clone (I wasn't much  of
a  power user in those days - two 360k floppies), loaded up the truly horrible
terminal program, and dialed a number given  to me by another friend.  The BBS
on the other end happened to be the Crest (@7 WWIVnet, @4550IceNET).  I logged
on and was hooked from the first line, despite the slowness of the  system  at
1200.

     Over  the  next  year or so, I upgraded to a new computer and hard drive,
and started playing with WWIV (like most people, my first reaction on seeing a
BBS was to want my own).  I  continued using local boards, but didn't have the
time to set my own up until August of 1992.  That night, August Fourth, I must
have called every BBS in the 617 area code, plastering the number all over the
place, and telephoning all my friends.  I still remember  when  my  first  new
user logged on, early the next morning....

Will
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 Louie (6@1)

     Now,  why  did  I  start  BBSing?   Well, that is a long complicated tale
involving Russian Spies, Elvis, and Carl Sagan.  But I will give you the short
version.

     I was a Computer Science Student  at  a  local College.  I met some folks
there in the Computer Science Club who were BBSers.  They didn't get  me  into
BBSing  per  say,  but I did aid in modding some source code of WWIV 3.21d for
them as we played  around  with  the  college's  computer equipment.  I didn't
really know why i was doing it, but it was a good time.
    
     Later, I moved on I meet Renob1.  He was a Engineering  Major  (the  only
other  group  of  equal intelligent as CS majors.  Well, I guess we would have
accepted a math major as an equal  but  the  school had about six of those and
they didn't like computers.   Engineers  needed  us  to  write  their  Fortran
programs  for  them.   :-) he he).  Anyways, Renob1 had a new 386 20mhz at his
home and he was looking for some people  to  help him out with it.  He was not
all that sure how to do all the fun stuff like install hard drives.  Thank the
gods that be, he later dropped out of engineering.
    
     Well, I set up his machine for him but wasn't all that sure how to handle
the modem.  So, I had to track down some of the CS Club folks.  They  told  me
how  to  install  it  and gave me some BBS Numbers to test it out on.  Well, I
tested the modem...  it worked...  and I started to BBS.
    
     Renob1 was a BBSer for about a year after that.  He needed money later on
and sold his machine.  I sold my  system  as well for money about a year after
him...  but I needed my BBSing fix.  So, I acquired an old Dumb Terminal and a
12oo baud modem to BBS with.

      Well,  there  you  had  seven stories of how various people in WWIVworld
started to bbs.

      Oh, lastly...  I  have  noticed  that  BBSing  seems  to have become the
standard phrase for describing our hobby.  When I started to  BBS  some  other
phrases  were  still  in  use...   Such as "Modeming" and "MUGing" (Modem User
Group).  From  what  I  understand  MUGGERS  didn't  look  too  good  on signs
directing people to bbs events.  Seems they got  a  lot  of  dirty  looks.   I
wonder why.  :-)

                   Louie (6@1)  IceNEWS Contributing Editor
                   ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³ The Adventures of ModemMan! ³ Jots (1@7850) & Deacon Blues (2@7653)
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

     Editor's  note:  "The  Adventures  Of ModemMan" is a multi-part adventure
that will be continued in a serialized format.

     "In the not-so-distant  future,  a  Top-Secret government experiment goes
awry.  A computer-geek with the intelligence of  a  doorknob  is  accidentally
transformed  mentally  and  physically  by a combination of science, medicine,
technology, and dumb luck.  The  result:  the world's first LIVING COMPUTER...
ModemMan!  Disguised as Joe Modem, a mild-mannered sysop of a small electronic
bulletin board service  in  a  large  metropolitan  city,  ModemMan  fights  a
neverending  battle  with  the  sinister  forces of evil to protect the world,
bringing truth, justice, and a higher transfer rate to all..."

                              The Adventures of
                              M o d e m M a n !

                            "Insufficient Memory"

                   Chapter 2: "C:\REN MODEM.JOE MODEM.MAN"

     When last we left our  hero  Joe  Modem,  he had just returned home after
escaping from the clutches of the evil V.T.  Killer and his henchmen, Blue Ray
and Egg's Head, after V.T.  had discovered Joe's true  identity  of  ModemMan.
While  en route to a meeting with his sidekick and co-sysop Pronto at Quakey's
Bar, Joe was rendered unconscious with  a chloroform-soaked rag and taken into
a long, black limousine...

      The muted noise of cars honking greeted Joe Modem as we awoke  from  his
chloroform-induced  slumber.  Glancing out the window, he noticed the familiar
hustle and bustle of Fifth  Avenue  in Manhattan.  Looking around, Joe noticed
he was sitting in the back of a long stretch limo.

     "Ah, the luxuries of an expensive car," Joe  said  aloud  to  no  one  in
particular,  "a  TV,  VCR, computer, and even a Smart Clapper!  I wonder whose
limo this is anyway."

     Keeping that thought in mind, Joe  decided  that is was an opportune time
to exercise his special abilities as ModemMan.   Fetching  his  DIN  connector
cable  from  his  Tool Kit, ModemMan plugged one end of the cable into his ear
receptacle that  allowed  direct  access  to  his  physically-altered cerebral
cortex and plugged the other end into the onboard  computer  terminal  of  the
limo.  ModemMan transferred his consciousness into the internal network of the
car's computer.

     ModemMan  floated  through the internal net of the car, looking for a way
to find  out  any  information  that  he  could  about  his current situation.
Through the smoked glass barrier in front  of  him,  ModemMan  could  see  two
people in the front of the limo; one driving, the other a passenger.  The dark
tinting  of  the  window  prevented  ModemMan  from seeing the features of the
faces, but he could  see  that  they  were  engaged  in a conversation.  Again
looking through the internal net of the car's systems, ModemMan found what  he
was looking for.

     The  limousine,  like most luxury automobiles, was equipped with a series
of noise-cancelling speakers placed throughout the cabin of the car.  Emitting
certain audio frequencies,  these  speakers  served  to help eliminate outside
noise from both the real world and from the mechanics of  the  car  itself  by
sending  out  inaudible  audio  signals to electronically eliminate extraneous
noise.  This system relied on a small number of microphones located throughout
the car that sensed the audio  frequency of intruding noise.  ModemMan shifted
his consciousness into one of the microphones located in the front compartment
of the car.  The sound quality was rather poor, but, at least, it was audible.

     "Hey, boss.  What're we gonna do with that weirdo in the back," asked one
voice.  Suddenly it all came back to him.  The voice was that of  Egg's  Head,
one  of  V.T.   Killer's  henchman!   Wondering  how all of this had happened,
ModemMan turned back to the conversation.

     "Shut up!  Can't you see I'm concentrating," shouted the other.

     Hey, ModemMan  thought,  that's  Blue  Ray,  the  main  henchman  of V.T.
Killer.  By now, everything had gotten a bit more clear.  Apparently,V.T.  had
discovered that Joe had escaped and had sent his thugs to re-capture him.  Now
Egg's Head and Blue Ray were discussing how to bump him off!
     
     "But Ray, weren't we supposed to put him in the Brain?" asked Egg's.

     "Oh, yeah, I almost forgot about that," Blue Ray replied sheepishly.

     "You did, Ray, you did..."
     
     What was "The Brain?" By this time, ModemMan figured it would be  a  good
time  to  escape  before  he  got  stuck in this Brain thing, whatever it was.
ModemMan searched the  interrupt  vectors  of  the  computer, looking for some
means of escape.  After  several  seconds  of  searching,  he  found  it:  The
electric  door  locks!   ModemMan instantly commanded the computer to open the
rear doors and he immediately  heard  a  mechanical clunk indicating that they
were now unlocked.  When the car came to a  red  light,  ModemMan  seized  the
opportunity.

     Before disconnecting himself from the system, ModemMan sent a power spike
through the onboard computer system, instantly burning-out the main CPU of the
limo's  internal  computer system.  With the computer system disabled, the car
stalled, its electronic ignition system  no  longer able to function.  As Blue
Ray tried in vain to re-start the engine, ModemMan fled his captivity.

     Both Blue Ray and Egg's Head spotted ModemMan  exiting  the  vehicle  and
attempted  to  pursue him.  Blue Ray's exit was blocked by a street person who
had come up alongside the limo to wash the windshield in search of a hand-out.
Egg's fared better, managing to  open  his  door  and  preparing to get out to
chase the escapee.  Almost immediately, the door of  the  limo  was  violently
ripped  clean off of the vehicle by a passing taxi that had decided to use the
sidewalk as a passing lane to avoid  the traffic light.  The taxi slammed to a
halt as the door from the limo wedged beneath the vehicle's front  wheels  and
the  taxi  driver  slammed on the brakes.  By the time Blue Ray and Egg's Head
managed to get out of the limo, ModemMan was nowhere to be seen.

    Switching back into mild-mannered Joe Modem, Joe quickly looked around for
any signs of  pursuit.   Content  that  he'd  successfully eluded his would-be
captors, Joe managed to hail a taxi and instructed the driver to take  him  to
Quakey's Bar, his original destination before he had been abducted.  After the
taxi dropped him off at his destination, Joe entered the establishment.

    All  eyes  turned  to  Joe  as  he  proudly  marched down the steps of the
establishment and bellied-up  to  the  bar.   Quickly  surveying the room, Joe
noticed that Pronto was nowhere to be seen.   Suspiciously  eyeing  the  crowd
back, Joe motioned Quakey over to him.

     "Hey, Quakey," Joe said, "What's the deal?  Have you seen Pronto?"

     "Joe!   What're  you  doing here," Quakey whispered, implying that he did
not want the crowd to hear this conversation.

     "Whaddaya mean 'What am I doing  here?'  I got a note from Pronto telling
me to meet him here.  Has he been in?"

     "Don't you know," asked Quakey nervously, shiftily glancing up  and  down
the long mahogany bar.  "Some guy came in here.  Said he was a cop and started
telling  everyone  to  be  on the lookout for you.  He said you were guilty of
data crimes or something like that.  Now, I  think it would be wise for you to
be making your way out of here."

     "But, Quakey, that's a load of hogwash.  You  know  me.   I'd  never  get
involved  in something like that.  Shoot, data crime is a capital offense, you
know.  Where's Pronto?  Was he  hear  when  this  went  down?  Did he leave or
something?"

     "Yeah," replied Quakey, "he left after that guy came in.  He  told  me  I
should tell you to go over to his house.  He seemed a bit frustrated.  Now get
outta  here  before  one  of  these  characters  decides  to  blow  you  in or
something." More confused then ever, Joe  thanked Quakey and wished him a good
night as he walked out of the bar.

     The full moon lit up the dim and gloomy sidewalk as Joe paced down Fourth
Avenue.  The streets were deserted, except for a few cars passing by once in a
while.  While he was walking, Joe took some time to think about the  scenario.
None  of it made much sense.  First, V.T.  Killer discovers who he really was.
Then, V.T.  sends his goons out to capture him again, with instructions to put
him in someplace called "The  Brain."  Then,  he's  implicated in a data crime
scheme that could mean the death  sentence  if  he's  caught  by  the  police.
There's  got to be something more to this, mused Joe as he walked up the steps
to Pronto's house.  Maybe Pronto has some idea just what the hell is going on.

     With that, Joe rang  the  doorbell.   He  could  hear its deep sound echo
throughout the house.  After ringing once  more,  Pronto  finally  opened  the
door.   "Hey,  Joe,  where've  ya  been,"  Pronto  asked.  "I thought you were
captured or something!"

    "To tell you the truth, Pronto,  I  was," replied Joe, still feeling a bit
uneasy from the limo episode.  Joe recounted his exploits of the last hour  as
the two men sat down in Pronto's living room.

     "Sounds  like  you  had  a  bad trip.  Well, at least you got my message.
Here, I have something to show  you." Pronto produced a videotape and inserted
it into his machine as he turned on his television.  "I found this outside  of
your  door  after  I left Quakey's and went to your place to look for you when
you never showed up.  You better see this..."

     After the usual FBI warning, 21st  Century Fox logo, and the previews for
the latest macho-action-computer movie "The Formatter," a  face  appeared  and
spoke.   Joe  thought  that  the  face looked vaguely familiar.  As soon as he
heard the  man's  voice,  it  hit  Joe  who  he  was.   "Hey, that's DesqTop,"
exclaimed Joe.  DesqTop was an  old  friend  of  Joe's  and  was  the  Network
Coordinator of DesqNET, the largest computer network in the Tri-State area.

     "Hello,  Joe.   Long-time-no-hear.  Now, listen carefully.  I assume that
you know by now that V.T.   Killer  is  after you.  Seems the dink thinks that
you're ModemMan." DesqTop smiled slightly, blissfully unaware that  V.T.   was
indeed correct.  "I'm sorry I couldn't get this to you sooner, but I only just
now  got  a  line  on some important information from a reliable source.  V.T.
has threatened to wipe out the entire BBS community unless he gets you, either
by you turning yourself in to him or  by having one of us other sysops narc on
you.  My source indicates that this chump _really does_ have the power  to  do
this  and it seems that you're the only one who can stop him!  Now, that's not
our main concern.

     "You see, my source has deduced that V.T.  Killer is _not_ the mastermind
in this devious plan.  The  real  brains  of  this  whole business is a figure
shrouded in mystery, unknown to all.  Although my  source  has  absolutely  no
idea  who this person is, we think that he is someone you've dealt with in the
past.  He has apparently hired V.T.  Killer  and his band of hackers to be rid
of you.  I don't know what you've got yourself  into  now,  but  somebody  has
definitely  got  it  in for you, and got it in for you _badly_.  Bad enough to
hack the police file nets and  make  it  look  like you siphoned about a dozen
bank accounts.  I've got my best people on this trying to see who  hacked  the
police  nets,  but  I  don't  know  if  they will find any trail to clear you.
Anyway, I gotta go, some newbie is calling  for a chat and I gotta see what he
wants.  I just wanted to let you know that I know you're not a data  hood  and
I'm  gonna  do my best to help sort this out.  Stay outta sight and stay outta
trouble 'till I get back in  touch.   Take care..." And with that, Pronto shut
off the tape.

     After briefly mulling this  new  information,  Joe  jumped  up  and  said
proudly,  "Pronto,  we must stop that dastardly villain, V.T.  Killer, and his
boss, whoever it  may  be.   Come  on,  let  us  journey  back to Egg's Head's
supposed software store where we will hopefully find  out  who's  behind  this
evil  plot  and  fight  the  forces  of  evil for truth, justice, and a higher
transfer rate for all!"

     "Boy, boss, what's gotten  into  you?   You  sound like the narrator from
Superman or something," said Pronto, no doubt impressed by Joe's  fine  choice
of vocabulary.

     "Sorry  about  that...   I  don't  know  what  came over me.  Must be the
effects of the chloroform..."

     And with that, they were off.  Squeezing into Pronto's old Chevy Nova was
quite a task.  After a few unsuccessful tries, the engine finally sputtered to
life and the Digital Duo  hit  the  road,  leaving  a dense trail of oil smoke
behind as the car back-fired through the exhaust, blowing the  rotted  remains
of the muffler clean off and leaving it in the middle of the road.

     Luckily,  there was no traffic on the FDR and they made good time getting
to Pier 12 & 1/2.  A waiting  ship in the neighboring wharf cast eerie shadows
on the wall,and completely blocked any light from the city.   The  two  looked
for a way in, as the front door seemed to be boarded up.  Taking out his handy
unbreakable  grappling  hook  - he always carried a spare - Joe shot it in the
direction of the roof.  The Digital Duo  climbed up and looked for some way of
entering the building.  An opening in the roof attracted their attention,  but
they  decided  to  'Look before you leap.' After making sure no one was there,
the two slowly climbed down the provided ladder, into the hallway.

     "OK, Pronto, let's split up.   You  go  down  that  way and I'll take the
other," said Joe as he pointed toward the front of the store.  "I want to  see
if I can get any info out of their computer."

     The  two  split  up, with Pronto carefully checking out the back rooms as
Joe went up  front  to  look  at  the  computer.   As  he approached the front
counter, Joe reached into his  Tool  Kit  and  grabbed  his  interface  cable.
Plugging  himself in to the system, Joe, now ModemMan, started to look through
the system.  He'd forgotten that he'd  scrambled  it when he was there earlier
and now tried to wade through the mess that he'd made.

     Just as he thought he  was  making  some  progress,  he  found  that  his
interface  was abruptly cut-off.  He felt the interface cable being ripped out
of his ear and felt the rather large  and forceful hand of V.T.  Killer on his
shoulder, spinning ModemMan around to face him.  ModemMan,  quickly  regaining
his  senses,  saw  that V.T.  was accompanied, as usual, by Blue Ray and Egg's
Head, who had Pronto in a rather painful-looking hammer-lock.

     "Well, well, well..." said V.T.,  "I  was  just  about to go and find you
myself, but it looks like you and your companion here saved  me  the  hassle."
V.T.  reached down to ModemMan's belt and removed his Tool Kit.  "You won't be
needing that anymore, not where you're going."

     "And just where is that," asked ModemMan.  "To `The Brain'?"

     "Eventually,"  replied  V.T.   as  Blue  Ray  came  over  to bind and gag
ModemMan while Egg's Head did the same to Pronto.  "But first, my boss wants a
few words with you." V.T.  motioned  to the door.  "C'mon, ModemMan, yer goin'
for a little ride...  heh, heh, heh..."

                              To Be Continued...

     In the next chapter: Did V.T.  Killer's limo  have  collision  insurance?
Why  has  Joe Modem been set-up for data crimes?  Did he and Pronto rewind the
videotape or will they  have  to  pay  the  $2.00  rewinding fee?  Who is V.T.
Killer's boss?  Why is Pronto being taken hostage with ModemMan?  And how will
ModemMan survive without his Tool Kit?  Find out  in  the  next  mind-boggling
installment of "The Adventures Of ModemMan!"

                   Jots (1@23)  IceNEWS Contributing Writer
        Deacon Blues (2@7653)  IceNEWS Contributing Light Bytes Editor
        ÄÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÄ

  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
  ³ IceNEWS is an independent  journal  published  monthly as a service to ³
  ³ IceNET, its Sysops and users.  The opinions & reviews expressed herein ³
  ³ are the expressed views of the respective writers. All Rights Reserved.³
  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
