
                           The Art of Thievery 
                                Part 1
                          By: Mephistopheles-NX


  
Chapter 1:  Phun with skEE-ball

 Introduction:
 
 Ever go to an arcade with no cash? Or have cash and didn't want to spend it
on cheesy arcade games? Well this is the article for you! It explains how
to get free tokens and free games from skee-ball machines. Also, some shit
on what to do with the tokens.


  How to get free tokens:

Most pinball machines are lined together if more than one. Check to see if
anyone is around looking at your direction and check those doors where you
put the money in on the skee-ball machines.. Under where the lock is, and 
youll feel the end of the little lid about half-way from the ground. Pull 
on it and if the latch dosent give, try the next one!

If you found one and you lifted the latch up already, you will see the 
cerkits and the mechinism that takes your tokens (diagram of this stored in
top.bmp). You should be able to pull that out. Once it is out, 
reach down there and grab all those tokens! Make sure nobody sees you and 
if there is a video-camera, make sure it is pointing away! If it won't point 
away, make it point away, like, hit it the other direction. Or just get one 
of your friends to stand in front of you from the camera while you are 
jackpotting the skee-ball machines.

  
  What to do with those cheesy tokens: 
  
Well, you can play video games of course, but it gets boring after 3 hours.
What I do is sell 'em to kids. Make them a good deal, say like if it costs
1 doller for 5 tokens, tell them that you will give them 7 tokens for a 
doller! Or for 5 dollers, give them 40 tokens.. I don't know, just make the 
amount of tokens more that what they can get from a machine. You can make a 
nice profit, Me and my buddy made 20 bucks one night just by selling off 
free tokens!
 



Chapter 2:  Secrets to the hidden video camera   

 Introduction: In this chapture of The Art of Theivery, I will discuss ways
you can hide a video camera, and where to look for hidden cameras! Also,
a little more on what stores do to make them more hidden. 

 
 Part One: Where o' where is that camera?


There are a lot of places where stores hide their cameras.. Some are obvious,
such as on top of the ceiling, or in the corner. Others are not so obvious,
I've seen cameras hidden in a little black bubble on the ceiling of Walmart
and I also saw some implanted in a stereo speaker in Radio Shack! In computer
stores there are cameras everwhere.. In computer monitors that are off 
(you can't turn them on either), if you look in one of those monitors closely,
you will be likly able to see it in the monitor.. Usually those monitors
with the cameras are pointed in a isle direction, or at the software shelves.
Pretty trickey eh? Yeah, those computer nerds sure are creative.. 
Off the topic of hidden cameras (I assume you are reading this article so
you dont get caught stealing by a video camera), there is one place you
do NOT steal from... That is TJ MAXX. Why? Because they have cameras,
holes in the wall, a see-through ceiling where they can walk on a cat-walk
type thing and look at customers (or shop-lifters) from the top. Just be 
cautious! Anyways.. Also, in the computer stores, they have little microphones
behind all the software to listen in on people (or little kiddies planning
with their friends how they are going to steal something). Just look around
very very VERY carefully, and you will most likely find 'em.



 
 Part Two: Shit, I'm a lame-ass and I am employed as a manager at a store
and I just cant find a good place for those cameras!


Well, if you read the above, you would know.. Besides you have neeto security
ppl to figure that out.






