890919

     A lot of people are complaining about the ascii formatting of my
T-Philes.  Most people ask what kind of commodore, err, computer I use.  Yes,
I have an old 8bit atari, but that isn't the problem at all.  I found out an
hour ago that it's my modem.  And my dip switches look like this:
 
             >-----------------<
         alligator   :      alligator
           clip      :        clip
                   bell
                   wire.
 
    AND I'M NOT TOUCHIN 'EM UNLESS SOMEONE LENDS ME A 12 OR 24 HUNDRED BAUD
MODEM IN CASE I SCREW IT UP BIGTIME.
 
    The only other complaint I'm hearin' is the 40 column format.  I'm sorry,
but until EVERY computer hosts 80 columns I will publish at 40 columns.  If
you want an 80 column issue, get out your favorite text editor or word processor.
    At any rate, if you find yourself unable to read these issues, try
downloading them another way, or from another board. Some sysops have changed
the format using some program that's out there.  When I find out what the name
of the program is, I'll publish it here, and/or publish names of boards now
and then where it's formatted "properly."
    FLASH!!! WHO IS THE BAND THAT DID THE REMAKE OF LED ZEPPELIN'S "LIVIN
LOVIN MAID"? Sounds like Fatboys, but it sounds awesome.
 
       NOTAS MUSICAS!!!
  --- -------- --- ----- -------
  The official ATI music section.
  --- -------- --- ----- -------
  To the tune of "Frito Bandito" commercial:
            Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye.
            Your mother sucks chrome
            off a bumper hitch.
 
     When stuck between two lousy choices ie: Bush/Duke, US/SU, Coke/Pepsi,
McDonalds/Burger King-- I always say choose BEER
               Then instead of having to come up with an explaination, simply
say, "Dunno, I was cocked".
 
     "Little" Steven Van Zandt told me last April that SPIN was really about
the only worthwhile RockRag to check out any more. I guess he was just as
angry with Hit Parayder, Creme, and Rolling Bone as I was. I didn't notice
so obviously until this month.  
        (sept 88 issue)
            (the one with Traci Chapman on the cover... 
             you know, the black chick with the nappi hair)

     Anyways, here's a few thoughts from various musicians I decided to
highlight for you in case you cant get out and steal a copy or buy it maybe.
                    (I did)
     HOLLY NEAR: If you write a generic peace song that just talks about peace
really propose solutions or if you put forward some kind of analysis of what
is causing war or racism or sexism.
     You saw that when Little Steven was doing much more specific things about
south africa.  It was alright to feed the Africans, but when we talked about
actually wanting the Africans to liberate themselves and take control of their
own countries, then it was less of a hit than the humanitarian concept of just
feeding the poor African people.
     BILLY BRAGG: For some artists, being political is what sells their
record, for good or bad.  Certainly my audience is based on political stuff.
Nobody ever asks me what guitar strings I use or what I was doing in my next
video.  They all want to know when I am going to think of a good rhyme for
"socialism".
     PETER GABRIEL: I really hope young people get a sense that they CAN make
a difference in what is going on.  I think that is the most important thing-
that they dont feel victims of the world; that they feel in charge of the
world, because it's theirs to inherit.
     NONA HENDRYX: To me, the basic problem is to continue. Not only for the
artist to do it but the audience or the people who are listening to stay
involved.  Not only on the large level, but on the small level, in your
community, your neighborhood, your state.
     MERLE HAGGARD: was always necessary.  From the time I was in the fourth,
5th grade, it would be on my report cards, only the teachers would call it
staring out the window.  But what I was doing was trying to write songs.
     JACKSON BROWN: A door was kicked open with Band Aid and Live Aid so that
you saw a little bit of the rest of the world. Then the door opened a little
further when you saw that there was apartheid in south africa. Now the door
has really been kicked wide open because you see that our government is
involved in a lot of things like selling arms to Iran, trading arms for
hostages, and diverting money illegally to wars that really can only be
called private wars now.
     LITTLE STEVEN: In the media, that's where the battle is.  that's where
the communication is going on -- where the public opinion is going to be
effected.  That's were education is going to take place.
 
     Any of you who attended the Rutgers Convention last spring will remember
the seminar called Media, Modem, and Music put on by Abbie Hoffman, Marc
Greenberg, and Little Steven.  They dealt with a revolution in the music
industry, (and moreso the WHOLE media industry) saying a major change was
on its way.  These quotes, and many others in last month's SPIN just grabbed
my attention, and made me think that change might be already powerfully on
its way.  (especially if you heard any of Traci Chapman's other (pronounced
"not played on the radio statons")) songs.
     At any rate, I didnt mean for this article to make sense as a whole.  It
was more or less a collage, of musical stuff that might get you grabbin' your
acoustic; or hopefully your million watt marshall stack. 

      "'cause this shit has GOT to get out."
       s/ prime.
