891205


 Hi, welcome to ATI. We'll make this a relatively short one.. In this issue we
 have some miscellaneous things that we're sure you'll enjoy. Read on!
 
 P*A*W*N*P*A*W*N*P*A*W*N*P*A*W*N*P*A*W*N*P*A*W*N*P*A*W*N*P*A*W*N*P*A*W*N*
 
 Now it's time for another great column by Prime Anarchist, The Prime Anarchist
 World News:
 
 Dear Sirs:
 
 Please send me information on your dead seals. I understand you have them
 frozen. I am most interested in the furs and any oils that can be extracted.
 I'll be throwing the rest of them away.
 oops, wrong letter. grettings phellow peploids. Prime, back at you with more
 PAWN. Prime Anarchist World News tonight is brought to you by ATI in
 conjunction with AJAX, Palmolive, and Mr. Clean (as you know, the guy on the
 Mr. Clean bottle is Tom Metzger, white supremacy fascist. He won't be too
 pleased to know that he's helped out with postage here).
      GREAT TRASHING IDEA. read this, and collect 3 accrediteed points towards
 your degree in phreak101. You must be majoring in garbology, or at least
 willing to minor in it. Typing rooms. If there is a typing room in your local
 library, check out their garb cans. They are an excellent source of all kinds
 of info, as many people use these facilities to type up resumes, job
 applications, and loan applications.
      Monica DeGrieff. Remember her? She looks really bad. Dark circles under
 her eyes, all strung out, she looks likeshe's doing a nervous breakdown soon.
 Last month she resigned as mayor of Bogota, Colombia. Probably saved her life.
      Earl Grey tea is very good, if you can find it.
      The White House Press Office is back up. 1-800-424-9090. Reporters call
 it so they can pretend they went to DC and report on Bush. Sometimes comical,
 once in a blue moon, informative, the # is worth your dime (I thought the call
 is phree! -GZ)
      Steal This Dirt-- Members of the Hackberry Hill Brethren Grace Church
 arrived to "la culta" one Sunday morning to find 3 feet of the dirt surroundin
  their church gone.  Who took it? A construction company called Ames. They
 used the dirt to build Interstate 76. The case is still in court. Hey, I say
 if you can get your materials free of charge, why not do it? And what better
 group to liberate it from than a "not-for-profit" organization???
       In Iowa, a payphone call now costs 35 cents!!! Mucho mas than other
 citystates. Some charge 25 cents (New York), yet others are still holding fast
 at 10 cents (Connecticut). You can bet your bottom dollar that each city who
 thinks he can get away with this hike, will follow suit. I say time to repeat
 another good old-fashioned sticker campaign. Use computer mailing labels. Make
 them read something like this:
 
    -------------------------------------
    : PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS PAYFONE    :
    : TO COMMIT LOCAL FONE CALLS UNLESS :
    : IT IS A GRAVE EMERGENCY. GOTO UR  :
    : FRIENDZ HOUSE, OR USE YOURS. OR   :
    : KNOCK ON ANOTHER DOOR AND MAKE A  :
    : NEW FRIEND. "CAN I BORROW YOUR    :
    : FONE? THAT ONE'S BROKE."          :
    : Sponsored by FaFAFACFAC. The      :
    : faction for a five cent fone call :
    -------------------------------------
 
     To order free copies of the Prime Anarchist Phamily Photo Album, or to
 order Chaos, or just to call, call 801-321-8533. Tell Norris Admonton how,
 what or who you're feeling. He'll understand. Esta moi.
     LIMA--Peruvians by the thousands are running around with their arms up in
 t air chanting "say yes to democracy!" They're calling it "armed strike".
 Gosh, everyone's up in arms these days.
     "Hang up, I'm going to pound off," says Malcolm Freex.
     "Can I watch?" asks Andrew Oliphant.
     Hehehehe.
     WE'VE GOT BIG BILLS -- Many large-city police stations receive collect
 calls from their informants. If you know the name of an officer you don't
 like, "hello, collect call to officer bob, from pedro, an informant." Do it
 many times and they'll call him in Monday next month and say "you're costing
 us too much $."
     IS YOUR FONE TAPPED? Find out. Call the Privacy expert. Richard Sweeney,
 PI. 303-298-7760 (or was that 7766? I can't even read my own riting).
     I HATE MALE OPERATORS -- by NRK
     I couldn't read the entire payfone # but wanted to charge some calls to
 it. So I called the 0 operator.
     "Can you tell me what # I'm at? I'm standing at a payfone and wish to get
 a call here."
     "No," she said. "I can't do that."
     I asked her a couple of times then gave up and said "supervisor please."
     "Nope. He'll tell you the same thing."
     "I'll take that chance."
     "Supervisor," said the male voice. "Can I help you?" I told him the scene.
 He suggested that I call 1411.
     "You're kidding me," I said. "How will they know? I'm at one of two miles
 wrth of payfones." He assured me that the 1411 op would be able to.
     "He lied," said a comforting 1411 voice. "Try calling the 0 operator a
 couple of times. Maybe one of them will give it to you."
     I succeeded on my first try.
     "I sure CAN tell you. I apologize for that supervisor," said another 0
 operator.
     Springwater, free, abundant and food 4-u.
     Eym att sum kar deelurship und their'z a karr serkling a round mee. Eye
 guest itz zum kynd uv sekkuretty gye.
     BROKE AT THE GOLDEN ARCHES? Why, just whip out your gold card. McDonald's
 nw accepts Visa, MC. Hold on.
     Ok, now I feel better after having puked all over my sneakers. That's
 about the sickest thing I've observed about Amerika yet. You know tings are
 bad when you gotta debit it out for a frenchfry and a mcChugnut.
     "I-would glad-ly pay-you mon-day 4-a ham-bur-ger 2-day..."
     "They're 5 cents each? Put it on my Diners' Club."
     Hmm, this cinnamon roll is dee-licious! Almost holds down that barf taste.
     Politics is the way somebody lives his life. So remember, if you can't be
 radical for a just cause, then be radical just because. Prime outta here.
     LATRO.

