900912


     Hola Buenos, El Anarchisto Primavera Aqui. Your libertarian at large,
or was that seismologist at the switch? Or was it gynecologist at the
Guggenheim???
     It's 415am. And a nice calm pleasant 60 degrees up here. I met an old
friend of Jack Keroac's and he owns a shanty up in the mountains here, 8
miles up by donkee, 11 by foot. (Don't ask me, that's what the sign says).
Can't tell you his name; he's one of those hippies who headed for the hills
for some all too obvious reasons. He owns a Martin guitar from the 1940's
has a book collection out there that makes the Library of Congress look like
Nixon's home library, and charges 3.50 a bunk (room for 40 or more if we're
small) with no hassles about customer name and address.  I stumbled into
this place by accident on a nature hike. (Why would I go 8 miles for a
place to pee? Hmm) At any rate, I'll be returning there this morning
sometime and I'll finish this column then.
    Til then; buenos nachos...
    Oh, one quickie -- a FOLK from Prime. 
(basic ADE blues) 

  I got the Mercon buerocrat, fat boojuah status quo blues
  I got all-a trumps capital, nothin special to lose.
  Mercon buerocrat, fat boo-juah status quo blues.
 
    Was it as good for you as it was for me?
    Ever find yourself sleeping too deep to dream? Do "think-of's"; that'll
bring you back out to REM-- you'll then start dreaming again.  If you're
not good at remembering your dreams when you wake up, keep a small notepad
next to your bed. When you awake, jot down all the icons instead of trying
to write the whole story. Then write later from your notes you'll lose less.
eg: wineglass, pen, sarah, t-shirt, no smoking sign, kiss, ankle bracelet,
ring, guitar, table, chair, bar, notebook, thongs. Then later you go for the
story aspect. You're drinking wine at a coffee house with Sarah, exchanging
poems, wanting to smoke. Sarah's wearing just a really long t-shirt, ankle-
bracelet and a ring. You kiss her a couple times. You promise to teach
her to play guitar as she admires the entertainment. She puts on her thongs
and the two of you leave. Then you woke up.  
     What ever happened to MRR magazine? If anyone knows, do tell. THNX 
     "The Hopi people [indians for you who have no clue] declare that Hopi
Power be a force which will bring about world peace." From their Hopi
Declaration of Peace, circa 17Jun90.
     Beware of false prophets. If it looks too good to be true; it's
probably tooooooooooooooo risky.
     Insider Info: most people who win on game shows do not naturally jump
up and down so queerly as is seen on TV. We tend to sit there with a
"potential mass murderer" grin on our faces. For this we need a coach. He
makes the gals shake about enough to jiggle their tits in the most queer
contrived fashion; and us guys are required to wiggle around like an
uninhibited homosexual. So remember, if it looks real, there's probably an
"applause" sign staring him down.
     If you spell quiche with a "k" (keesh?) then real men too will eat it.
     What's dharma mean?  I drank a whole bottle full of acid rain. How
come nothing happened for me except the men's room???   Define "yabyum".
     Whatever happened to the Frito Bandito??? Was he replaced by "just do
it", and "sometimes you gotta break the rules"?!?!?!?   I finally got a
copy of "Skinny Legs and All" by Tom Robbins. I'll let ya know how I'm doin'
in a little bit.  "A close association of unions and big business is the
hallmark of a fascist economy." Wow. Que concept. From the book "Trilaterals
Over Washington". Are we already there???Close???   Make a profit; or just
look like one at Oral Roberts school of Business/Television Entertainment/
and Gospel Phukking.
     Research Topic of the Week: A war on drugz can be seen as a diversion.
Just like baseball, wife beating, or the drugz in and of themselves. PS:
dont forget to turn your parents in if you think they're smoking pot. Witch
Hunt? Nah...   A war on Drugz cannot be "won" cause it is so deeply rooted
in our culture. Like our violence, our drug abuse (to include for sure
nicotene and alcohol) is no doubt here to stay.  To get rid of drugz,
you'd have to get rid of the peoploidz involved. And how do you rid
yourself of your mayor, your sheriff, your mom or yourself???
     We should've kept the Injuns alive long enuff for them to learn us
how to treat our environ.   Enviro-tip of the week-- don't use too much
detergent. Over sudsing makes the machine work harder. Use half what the
box recommends. Maybe even less. Remember, they WANT you to use so much.
Then you keep Mr. Maytag in 24$ per hr.  Runner-up: Keep a couple bottles of
water in the fridge rather than runnin the tap all the time. --good bottles
are Verifine apple, and just about any grapefruit jug. Prime Note: always
use glass. Shy away from plastic. Cause u'r gonna hafta throw it away SOME
time!!!
     Suggestion of the decade: draw a square around yourself. Declare it a
liberated zone. Kill anyone who enters.
     Who the hell is Peter Kvitek??? The self-proclaimed hacker said 
November 17th, in a SF Examiner article "the speed with which software is 
stolen in the Soviet Union is incredible!" Relax, dood. First off, it's no 
worse or faster than in Germany, Italy or here in the US. Who is this guy?? 
Unless someone gets me a handle, a project, or a campaign, I'll just say the
guy's a wannabe. Probably a code elite/cool warez" kinda dood.
    Everyone's a hacker these days. Right. When's the last time YOU trashed
a TRW building? I'll bet there are just as many "hackers" today as there are 
people who supposedly "were there" at Woodstock!!!
    The average person's skull can be depressed by 10% before cracking."
         -LM Boyd.
    Soldiers of the Kiori tribe in New Guinea salute their superior officers
by lightly chucking them under the chin. Do that to your favorite Lieutenant
Col. Don't forget to say, "hey guy, how's it goin?"
    Mooses are the largest North American member of the deer family. Their 
average height is 6 feet, quite like us, but they weigh in at 1200-1800
pounds. Even Rosanne and Oprah together don't weigh that much. Besides,
moose don't whine.
    Delbert Yates, 16, of Valparaiso, IN has been in court for 6 years with
the Chicago Cubs. They just paid him $67,500 as an apology for hitting him
in the head with a foul ball. Come on, kid. That's the chance you gotta
take. If I sued for all 3 windshields I'd lost behind the dugout, I'd
probably stay in court until my 103rd birthday. You're a jerk, Yates. I
suggest you've brought more shame to the game of baseball than Pete Rose,
Pete Rose, and Pete Rose all combined. 
    Are you a Yappy, or just Happy? YAP- Yipsters Against Paying.
    HAPPY- Hipsters Against Paying Phor Yuppiedom.
    I sure wish payphone directories would have more empty spaces, or at
least more blank pages. 
    Salvador's getting pretty hairy. I asked a phriend of mine (can't give
his name for life or death purposes) who really knows a lot about our
mission down there how much is Castro and how much is us; and guess what
he said? 80-20 us.
    Feedback: I really like the Skinhead Hamlet in ATI45. 
    On car insurance: You notice the rates go up every time they see a
new risk, but when a risk is alleviated (IE: drunk driving) rates don't
go down? They just stay the same.
     As your editor-at-large, I firmly announce that it's earth day, earth 
decade, earth millenium. In corrollary to having been asked "what'r u doin
4 earth day?" I have to ask - WHAT ARE YOU DOING FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE?
     University of Colorado won best college for the environment, an MTV 
award. If you missed it, you missed me.  You also missed Paul Newman, and
also Mytch Snyder, along with a bunch of people doing 30 second spots on what
they're doing for the environment.  For those of you who missed me, here's
a transcript: (I didn't jot down what the starz said, sorry) "I do a lot
of biking, and try to hike or walk whenever I can instead of driving."
     Ian McCulloch split for E & the B-Men. And I think he sucks alone.

WHY I'M SEMIVEGETARIAN, by Prime. 
A) I don't like imposing on people;
B) I'm a sucker for chili, and,
C) oftentimes I'd starve if I went without meat.
     If you're eating over someone's house (I do a lot), you eat what's on 
the table.  You're an ass for refusing, or demanding.  Plus sometimes menus 
don't come right out and say there's meat in a particular dish.  And for 
time benefits, I eat and shut up instead of saying "Uh, waitress..."
     Yeah, I'm partial to chili with more beans and less meat, but I'll eat 
just about any chili thrown at me.  As long as it's hot.  Hot to temperature
as well as hot to the taste buds.  Oh, I also prefer homemade (hint, hint)
to Hormel (hormel is a capitalist pig co. !!! - GZ)
     Sometimes you just don't have much choice.  When veggies aren't around, 
salad is wilted, or meat and potatoes is the only bit offered, you do what
you must.  The commune I live at doesn't make it too easy either.  The 
foodage is extremely starchy, and chock full of red meat. But I get by.
I usually lean towards fish meals, and for druthers take chicken or turkey 
first; but sometimes break down and grab a tenderloin or a shoe-leather
cheeseburger.  
     I never worry as I go to fast-food chains.  A full-fledged vegg could 
easily survive a Big Mac or Whopper. There's really no beef to speak of
there.
     Hasta bueno,

     P
      r
       i
        m
         e
