930608.txt


And now...

pawnPAWNpawnPAWNpawnPAWNpawnPAWNpawnPAWNpawnPAWNpawnPAWNpawnPAWNpawn

        Prime Amarchist is back with his occasional feature, Prime
Anarchist World News:


PAWN!! PRIME ANARCHIST WORLD NEWS has experienced an unexcused absence.
        Anyways, I've been too busy to write.  But from now on I'll
try to get something in each ATI again.  Tell you what; if you don't
see a Prime column in any particular issue, just draw a phish in the
sand or write the words, "hola buena" and sign it "-pa-".
        I have a quick op ed, and then to a newsblitz.  I mean
newbitz, I mean blue nits, er.. Uh, nevermind.  Sinead O'Connor was
right.  Right on.  Too bad General Selectric, I mean NBC was too
fascist to let her rave on.  Rome is the root of our problems, people.
I'm happy the Pope never DID make it to Denver to sell his pontific
porcelain plates and mugfaced mugs.  But, I'm bonechillin scared of his
flagrant abuse of the UN, and French and English and U.S. soldiers
and airmen on Bush's way outta office.
        Can U say NWO??  I knew U could.
        Oops, there's another PS or an op ed 2.  No, I can make that
news, huh?  OK.  David Letterman's moving to CBS Yee-Yippie-Yeah.
Haw.  GE, may you rot in pigsnot and vermin pee.
        Q. Prime Anarchist, what's your key to health through old age?
        A. Quaker Oats and Amish Lentils.
        PRIME SPONSORS A DOOM THEORY EACH WEEK.  Send one of your own
in, and ATI'll applaud you who send the 3 best in with a phree used
stamp.  Doom theory for inauguration week goes to Dan.  You know him.
He's the homeless fellow who talks to the TV (Loves Keiko on the new
Star Trek & says he's gonna shoot Wilford Bromley to get Tipper Gore's
attention).  Ask him if he wants the upside down flag or the Wood Duck.
        Following are noteworthy deaths, according to Dan:  Abbie
Hoffman, April 12.  Emperor Hirohito, Jan 7.  Andrei Gromyko, July 2,
ibidanios.  We buried Sahkarof Dec. 19, too.  Wasn't that a week before
Mitch Schneider?  People, that's not that gets TV Dan the stamp.
Ready?  He told me he received bills on his fone for calls to all of
these dead people.  Including the Emperor of Japan.  He worked on
this until last week and it turns out that the originating number to all
of those calls was John Tower's house.  Remember John Tower?  Irangate?
John Tower died on April 5, 1991 in a suspicious (read: looks like he
was murdered) plane crash (John Tower was also part of the one-world
gov't conspiracy and later tried to expose it - he died because of it!
 --GZ).
        Now Dan won't give me the # to Emperor Akihito's Pennsylvania
blonde love slave, but did tell me that the # to Abbie's house the
day he died was 215-297-0721.  That scared me because that's the exact
number (Ok, within 8 digits).  I called it, and reached a Bucks County
Sheriff who told me, "Abbie is dead, sir.  I'm sorry.  That's just
too bad."  What scared me was that he sounded way too much like
Louis "FEMA" Guiffrida!
        Who the hell is Fujimori, what on earth is Japan wanting with
Peru, and why is Guzman in jail???
        What do Ward Churchill, Leonard Peltier, Ramsey Clark, Chrissie
Hynde, Hans Koning, William Kuntsler, Eric Larsen, Sinead O'Connor,
Jeff Paterson, Gary Snyder, Floyd Westerman, and Prime Anarchist all have
in common besides making J. Edgar Hoover squirm in his grave?  All are
willing to sign a paid newspaper ad calling for an international
Emergency Committee to Defend the Life of Abinael Guzman, tribal elder
and deposed leader of Peru.  Please arm yourself with knowledge of this
situation.  Too much propaganda there.
        Have you ever had a fried coleslaw pizza?  That's what egg rolls
remind me of.  Don't buy 'em.  Too much MSG.  Make your own.  Black
beans soaked overnight make a good filler.
        A PRIME ANARCHIST PREDICTION:  Superman comes back to life on
March 31st.  Sell your comic books before the end of March.  Happy
Radaman.  Did I spell Raman Sita (the REAL reason Desert Storm ended on
Feb. 26th!!!) right?
        PAIN (PRIME ANARCHIST INAUGURATION NOTES): He's (Clinton, eyes
closed) praying and believing and Billy Graham's pointing and quivering
and reading from cheat notes.
        "It is very difficult to not be violent, especially in a violent
nation.  This is a violent nation.  They will target you-- and they'll
target your children."  --David Hill, American Indian Movement, May 1992.
        "This country is following a drug mentality.  It's a mentality
that will do anything for a quick fix.  They are out there teaching you
that you are one puchase away from happiness.  We want you to know that
is a lie.  You have to fine happiness todya.  You have to fine freedom
today.  Don't let them convince you that you have to eait until you're
65 and you have to have a Winnebago before you can find freedom."
ibid, dude.
AND NOW IT'S TIME FOR PAPA (PRIME ANARCHIST PROPAGANDA ALERT):
        Do you like Current Biography magazine?  I like to read it.
Muammar al-Quddafi is in March 92's issue.  Please write them and ask
them why they never mentioned how he received his signal corps telecom
training program in Augusta, Georgia.  How come no mention of his
$300,000 donation to the family of Nelson Mandela as his first annual
human right grant?  They just barely mention it.
        ATI: Mythbusting Left and Right:
        Only reason why the US will never forgive Mr. Fidel Castro (acted
in more than 11 of Reagan's 1050's movies, by the way) is that he took
back 1 1/2 million acres of sugar cane fields in 1960.  His dad owned
half and theUS held claim to the other half thru, can you say, United
Fruitfly?  The friendly skies.  Sticks to yur gums, not in your hands.
Anyways, all cubanos I'm told now own 1/n of all the sugar fields.
(1/n.. is that algebraic or hebraic?)
        If you write Manuel Noriega he'll send you a letter back as soon
as he can.  Send him stamps, too.  They don't confiscate yet.  I don't
know the zipcode - look it up --  Manuel Noriega, Dade County Correctional
Center, Dade, FLA.  It'll get there.  He's in the loop, homey, dig?
        "God Bless you." --George Herbert Walker Prescott Owns-more-
texas-oil-than-you-can-shake-a-stick-at-sure-as-flies-on-tar-paper Bush
1988-1992.  Yeah, but Prime Anarchist mean it.  Ok--maybe he does, too..
        P.S.  I dunno what's bothered me more lately-- Reagan, or Rogaine.


ATI & GZ get some press!!!1

        Yup, ATI was mentioned in the 'Zines section of the "Mondo 2000
Guide to the New Edge".
        And ATI was mentioned as being "highly anarcho-politcal" in
Bruce Sterling's new book, _The Hacker Crackdown_ on page 89. Wow.
        ATI was also mentioned in the new book, _Approching Zero_ by two
Brits whose names I have forgotten.  It was mentioned on page 55.
But also.. page 202-3 gives an account of a group called DPAK (misspelled
in the book as "DPAC") that had a female member called "GZ" who
"hacked MCI codes from her house for days".  We just ***know*** that
they couldn't be talking about Ground Zero, especially since Ground Zero
was never a member or even an associate of DPAK, and didn't hack c0deZzz.
I know of a few limeys who should have worked harder on their research and
checked the facts.  _Approching Zero_ also contains false (and
slanderous) statements about Erik Bloodaxe and others.
        And finally, ATI was mentioned in the latest issue of "Wired" in
a book review by Bruce Sterling of  _The Illuminati_ by Christian
economist Larry Burkette.  The review stated that ATI mentioned the book,
but we did not.  Larry Burkettte's name came up in the Letters section
of a recent issue, but that's it.  _The Illuminati_ is about an evil world
government taking over and sounds interesting.
