9705200055

FLASHIMOTO!
   Prime Anarchist Returns Below Ground.
   Anarchist had so much trouble with tails, spooks, geeks, pheds, phish-
heads, war mongers, and assorted other Dennis Rodman look-alikes he has
made the editorial decision to un-surface.
   So Marc Frucht was NOT the Prime Anarchist; forget you'd ever heard that. 
Nor was Marc Weisenheimer, Marco Capelli, Norris Admonton or even Fry Guy.
   With Anarchist will go the infamous Prime Anarchist Phamily Photo Album.
   "You couldn't get it for the last two years anyhow," Said Anarchist. He
went on to neither confirm nor deny the reputed second printing of the 
album in the future. "If another printing happens," said Anarchist, "It
won't come out of MY house."
   Will ATI continue on into the 80's, 90's and "zero's," you might be
wondering. Well, Anarchist put on his best Buddhist accent for this 
response. "But of course!" he hoarsely said waving his right hand from
his hip out toward his right ear. "Only the new publisher will be Cerberus."
He said he will still put out a weekly column from within Cerberus' all new
3-headed ATI.
   "I'm the voice of the community around here," said old 6-eyes. "Prime
thinks he's a moderate, but he's kind of out there. We'll let him columnize
a bit. Rant, if you will, but the rest of the 11 or 12K I'll be editing."
Cerberus added that Anarchist will stay on as contributing editor of the
PAP run, and along with his columnizing will also run the all new Current
"ebb and flow" Affairs desk.

SPY MAKES ME COVER MY MOUTH WHEN I LAUGH.
   Not to be polite. I'm afraid I'll spit up a mouth full of iced-tea.
 (no, not the rock star, the drink. (not the mixed drink of long island
  fame, the soft drink. Use hard water though. 2 softs is overkill.))
   This month's Spy Gray Area column deals with Irony in true Alanisism
fashion. Peter Townsend receiving medical treatment after penning "Hope
I die before I get old."
   Dave "Wendy's" Thomas having quadruple bypass surgery.
   Who is Susan "16-years-no-emmy" Lucci???
   Cover your mouth. It's that funny.

FLASH. COUNTERFLASH.
        Mike Royko and Allen Ginsberg are no longer on the advisory
board of FAIR/EXTRA!
        Why? You might ask. Well I'll tell you. Mostly because Fairness
& Accuracy In Media people don't believe in Ouija boards or seances.
But I can assure you, Edward Asner, Jackson Browne, Noam Chomski, Casey
Kasem, Winona LaDuke, Prime Anarchist, Tim Robbins, Dr. Been Jammin' Spock,
Studs Terkel, and Little Steven Van Zandt still are.
