9809130100   

PAO NOODLES - A PRIME ANARCHIST OPINION.
(PUBLISHER'S COLUMN)
   Greetings. And welcome to ATI144. The "gross" issue. 
It's 1am, Sunday, Sept 13, 1998 in the year of our
Which Hunt.
   Can I state my opinion? 
   Clinton's going down. 
   Fine.
   Too bad, He always gave great hugs. Always so generous with his
wonderful paraquat-free kind, smooth skunk-weed; and his acid never
had any strichnine in it.
   I don't give a rat's bad tripp about Monika, Paulette, or Tammie,
Meg, Beth, Jamie, Trish, Marcia, Megan or Linda.  
   I've now received more than 20 "secret" emails here at ATI 
headquarters, with reason after credible reason why Clinton should
be impeached -- and some or NONE (closer to 0) have anything to do
with encounters of the sexual kind. 
   He needs to go, but, I'm going to say something really strong
here:
   Let me be perfectly unequivering (sic) -
   Along with Clinton, needs to go down:
   1) more than 300 congress-people
   2) over 80 senators
   3) thousands of administrators
   4) just about every justice besides Rehnquist. (surprisingly
      the only one who hasn't molested an underage girl, a mime,
      a lesbian woman or the first ammendment in the last two
      months.
   5) Anyone else I forgot to mention.
   Why? 
   You know why. I refuse to waste your time and mine listing all
the transgressions - but I will state something personal which
primarily picks my potatoes.
   William Jefferson Clinton has one ugly nose.
   It's heinous. I mean the honker from hell. A bulldog's better
looking. Nixon's was humourous compared to that of the Hillary
House-Husband. I mean it's half-way gin-blossomed already, for
cryin' out loud. And if one more high schooler wakes up from
her date-rape drug and smashes the heel of her hand into it;
it's going to be cauliflower.
   OK now that I've taken us on this yummy rhetorical jaunt,
can I ask you one question?
   When are we going to discuss the power-differential that
got Clinton into this mess in the first place???

