981129


          -=-=-=-=-=-      oy!   -=-=-=-=-=-

Hello and welcome to ATI issue 155. I'm prime anarchist
and I can't find my column. If I do, I'll stick it in here.
Otherwise, read on with smiles...

          ans: (c)       by the way...

Yes, I was protesting war last weekend. You probably figured 
that out. Of all the people I saw there, I was happiest
to see Anne Archy, I think. My first time seeing her in two 
years. A hug was almost good enough to make up for all the 
distance and time. I sure hope our circles cross many
more times in our lives. She's got a really nice speaking voice
and one of the most tonal singing voices I've ever heard out of
a woman. Ever. Any human actually. Birds yes, Moose yeah, sure. 
But people? Go Anne; go Anne. 
   It was wonderful to see Cal Roberts there too. He took
Amtrak down from konetiuk I'll bet. What a great spirit. If you
live where I come from you probably know him because he's that
Stoningtonian whose temporary illness caused almost every single 
clergy of each denomination from three or four townships
to drop whatever petty issues kept them centuries apart, and stand 
out there keeping his decades-running vigil for him in stodgy old
New London County. They probably jumped in nice warm autos to and
fro  - rather than ride SEATs sucky bus system, but that gets us 
half way there, eh?
   Even my mother, who's Republican treasurer of my hometown (yes I 
forgive her it every day. How do I show her, she's where I get MY
unchanging values???) mailed me news-clippings about "that protest
guy." Cal, God Bless You. You've got the Baptists and the Catholics,
the Unitarians and the Congregationals realizing even if they can't 
agree on lunch, they sure can get that Praxis cooking.
   So call that a prime anarchist column, and move on. "shoot move
communicate, if you will..." I probably ought to name the other
bunches of people I "hung with" who some-ways are bigger honors to
know than Martin Sheen or Amy from the Indigo Girls; but suffice it
to say these two well represent the others. Best durned "be in" I've
been to since the last one! So where and when did it all begin?
Thanks mom, thanks dad, thanks congregational church. Thanks Father
Larry, and I'm not even catholic. 
   Full circle, 1968-1998. Our movement's even bigger than the 
Beatles now. 
Prime Exhausted, and Still Landing From Such a Wonderful Weekend -
    Here's to many more...
                  #

"There's an old Arab saying: 'when the King puts the poet
on his payroll, he cuts off the tongue of the poet.' I
think of that every time I get a job on TV."
    --Pete Seeger

"I don't think we have another 2000 years to learn 
the Sermon on the Mount."
   -ibid
