991219 00:44



I FOUND THE FOUR HORSEMEN
 by Prime Anarchist


   "We are not here to cross that line, 
but to abolish it." 
   --Jacqueline, a 20 yr old Obelin College Student
     about School of the Americas.
[ed note: picking up the civil rights movement where
 nana and grampa left off. Perhaps conscience skips
 a gen?]

"I want 10,000 words, Thompson! You hear me??"


Pat Robertson in his peroxide beard and lily white
toupe atop his head.
   Who are the three middle-aged white men he sits
with ramming their fear-oriented cult mind manipulation
down viewers hoary eyeballs? Kenneth Copeland, or should
I leave all names out? Nah! 
   Wait, that's NOT Pat Robertson, or is it? Let's not
libel the guy, eh? 
   I change the channel and TNT's repeating Bill Murray
playing ole Rev. Stockton Thompson in "Where the Buffalo
Roam," Ah, memories.
   So much for my self-imposed twenty minute limit of TV
for the whole day. Hard to hold to, peeps. This is what
happens to me when CNN, MTV, and VH1 (are there ANY networks
that AREN'T trying so diligently to grow into a three-letter-
agency???) are disseminating lies, propaganda or bad ads.
   Or all three, perhaps. 
   How much do I loathe Jim Palmer's Money Store? Let me
count the ways. Take it back to pre-Phil Ruzzuto, huh? Is
there EVER gonna be a "fast forward" for "live" TV ads?
Until then I surf once around everytime Hunter's show breaks.
   Gross Pointe Blank. John Cusack. Minnie Driver. Wow. Did
I miss another good one? Should I have gone to the big screen
yet another time? Oh well. It's just as profound in my little
box I guess. 
   "Riot cops kill protesters, that's indiscriminate; I don't
do that," Cusack tells Driver while bottoming out.
   Hi, I'm Prime and you're not. This is ATI issue 203. 
The moon is somewhere between half and full. Ask your coyote, 
I just don't know, and I'm NOT going to grab a newspaper
just to find out.
   They caught a guy with two jars of nitro and 100 lbs of urine
in his car. Hey, you'd piss yourself too if while holding something 
so volatile you had to have someone official-looking point a 
rocketlauncher at your family jewels and scream "Drop 'em!" 
   But seriously, folk. First I heard o' this a couple hours ago,
one of the "legit" [cough, laugh, giggle, squirm, cough] press
told us it was 200 pounds of nitro, a trunk full or urea, and he was
Lebanese... flip chans -- you hear "nitro and urea and there may be
plutonium..." grab a shortwave, and you find out he's Liberian, and
not Lebanese. If this follows other bombings [& attempts] in the US 
except the UN the last two decades, then within a week we'll find 
out he was some blonde guy from Montana who went to way too much church, 
read way too much Spotlight magazine, listened to way too much Rush 
Limberger, and had way too much time on his hands. Oh and he heard
voices that Clinton was the antichrist and must be stopped by blowing 
up the world.
   Two rockets are trying to launch the past week and a half. There's
been delays. One's a Shuttle, looks like a pregnant Tonka truck, and
the other, well. How DO you describe it? It's either a goofy looking
penis or a snake that ate a rat the size of Laramie, Wyoming. Anyhow
it seems like the monkee god keeps dropping cocanuts on the NASA guys'
heads, because they just can't get 'em up.
   Oh well, their problem, I'm sure they'll work it out. Call Pfizer.
   There was a man who entered a local paper's pun contest. He sent in
ten different puns, in the hopes that at least one of the puns would
win. Unfortunately, no pun in ten did.
   NYC had a full week without a single classical guitar performance.
At least not ones that are "big enough" or "PC" enough to be added in
the New York Slimes.
   I got a letter to the editor published in Gear Magazine this month.
Should I reprint it here? Nah, maybe next month. Get it at a newsstand.
Help out Mr. Bob. (you know, the Guccione guy)
   A journalist WITHOUT a Kachina 
     Is like a paragraph
       Without context.
Not quite a haiku, but there you have it.

Prime Outa...