 
HEYHEYHEYHEYHEYHEYHEYHEYHEYHEYHEY
HEYHEYhey, hey, hey, it's ATI!HEY
HEYHEYHEYHEYHEYHEYHEYHEYHEYHEYHEY
                     issue 37
 
A continuation of ATI36..
May 5 1989 (Karl Marx's birthday!)
 
===========================
= info following brought  =
= on by a need for more   =
=  real information   =)  =
===========================
 
Warning!  A part of this issue contains
explicit language. If you are offended
by any such language, please do not
read! Or, read with an open mind! ;)
 
800-833-news National Student News
Service/ Hunger Campaign
303-499-7111 Atomic Clock
 
Speaking of phone numbers.. Here are
some more BBSs that you can find
issues of ATI online:
 
The Toll Center...........718-358-9209
Sycamore Elite............815-895-5573
 
Also,a fellow called "Steel Monkey" has
offered to send back issues to anyone
who has send mail thru the nets. Just
send him mail at tk0eee1@NIU.BITNET and
he will send you back issues of ATI!
 
Would you like a neat international BBS
to call? I thought so.. So call this
one in England: 011 44 217112620.
 
Speaking of BBSs....
 
        -*-  BBS Spotlight -*-
              Don Luby's
              ----------
 
         By: The Operator (201)
 
  How many of you have gotten deleted
from BBS's for being too offensive, or
fighting, or using a double handle?
Or maybe the fascist SysOp decided to
erase a bunch of messages because HE
decided he doesn't like them! Well,
now there's a BBS for all the people
who WANT to be offensive, and all that
good stuff.....
  Don Luby's is run by a guy called
'Central Scrutinizer' (Remember Joe's
Garage of Zappa fame?)...Just an
ordinary guy with the mind of a madman.
He put the BBS up for the people who
want to excercise free speech. One of
the most prominent groups on the BBS is
a bunch known at the SOEG (Sons of Ed
Gelb)...
  Ed Gelb was a fascist sysop back in
the early-mid eighties...He ran a BBS
beautifully titled 'ED GELB'S DATABASE'
and loved to erase messages and kick
users off his board for using foul
language such as 'damn' or 'crap'...
The SOEG is a group promoting and
fighting for free speech on the BBS's.
  Among the many facets of the BBS,
there are things such as: Asshole of
the week, in which you can vote for
the user of your choice to be AOTW...
A Law of the Land, which is enforced
by Sherriff Buford T. Justice, and if
caught and arrested (WITH A REAL
WARRANT!!) You must appear in one of
the three courts to plead your case.
If found guilty, you can spend time
in 'Jail' which restricts all
sub-boards except one called 'Jail'...
There are vote questions, odd subs,
port to port chat, everything a user
could ask for except a free set of
china...
  Be sure to call it! 24 hours,
300/1200 baud. Users over 16 please.
This BBS is excessive when it comes
to foul language and adult situations,
so HBO will show this feature only at
night....
 
Port 1: 201-751-5732
Port 2: 201-759-0169
 
Don Luby's..Where everyone's an asshole.
Tell 'em The Operator sent ya...
 
Here's a little song written by the
sysop of Don Luby's, Central Scrutin-
izer, also known as Dead Ed:
 
 
     "The Iron BBS 7590169"
      By: DEAD ED-RD54
    On: Thu Jan 12, 1989 11:25 PM
    LR: Sun Jan 29, 1989  1:47 PM
      -- 1 Response --
 
There is a board called Don Luby's...
Some call it a rising scum...
And it's been the ruin,
Of many a poor boy,
And God I know, I'm one.
 
My mother was a hooker,
She sold herself for beans,
My father was a retarded man,
I'm the product of their genes.
 
So if you can't get along so well,
Or maybe you're a little deranged...
Just come on down to Don Luby's...
And wear that ball and chain.
 
Oh mothers...tell your children,
Not to do what I have done...
Spend their lives in pain and misery,
On the board of the rising scum.
 
Now there IS a board called Don Luby's
And maybe it's bucket of scum,
And sure it's ruined a few little boys,
But hey, we have us some fun.
 
(201)759-0169/751-5732
The BBS for assholes...the BBS for YOU
 
 ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($)
 
"Terrorism of a 976 Phone Sex Chatline"
 
     "Hi, who's out there?", asks a
sultry female voice.
     "Thomas".
     "Hi, Thomas", says the voice.
"What are you doing right now?"
     "Playing with my dick".
     Suddenly, a loud British voice
breaks in. "Yes, they're all playing
with thier little schlongs!", blares
the voice.
     At that point, the sounds of DTMF
tones being hit was heard throughout
the line. This meant that the chat line
operator was searching through the line
taking each caller briefly into private
so she could find and cut off our
"British" friend.
     Beep.
     "No, try again, bitch!"
     Beep.
     "No, try again!"
     Beep.
     "You can't cut me off!"
     He finally gets cut off, but some-
how he gets back on the line in a
matter of about two seconds-much faster
than it would take to hang up and call
the line back.
     "Mmmmmm...", moans a caller.
     "Ohhh.......", moans another.
     "Mmmm...So would you like to pinch
my nipples?", asks Nikki, the chat
line's operator.
     "Yes, pinch those nipples! Use
wirecutters if you've got to!", screams
the "Brit".
     Beep. Beep.
     "No, you can't get rid of me!", he
yells.
     Beep. Click. He's gone.
     But suddenly, again,in a matter of
about 2 seconds, the disruptive British
fellow was back.
     "Oh yeahhhhh.. Nikki's gonna suck
on that nice juicy cock of yours. Would
you like that?", says Nikki.
     "Oh yeahhhh!" moans a caller.
     "Yeah!", cries another.
     "What a bunch of complete losers!"
yells the Brit.
     "Hey fuck off, asshole", says one
of the callers. "You're the loser".
     "You're calling ME a loser when
YOU'RE the one who actually pays 2
dollars to talk for 3 minutes to some
fake girl and pull your little dick?",
shouts the Brit.
     "Ah fuck you", says the caller.
     "Remember guys, these operators
you're talking to are midget, quadro-
plegic, fuzzy-faces Eskimo women",says
the Brit.
     "Who are you, anyway?", grunts the
caller.
     "My name is Colin" says the Brit,
as he gets cut off.
     And again, Colin is back on the
line in about 2 seconds.
     "So", says Nikki, "Would you like
me to ride that nice hard cock of
yours?"
     "Ohh..", moans a caller.
     "Yeahhhhh", groans another.
     "Stop stroking your little tiny
dicks! You'll get more hair on the
hair on your palms!", yells Colin.
     "Why do you keep calling back?",
asks Nikki.
     "Because I'm bored!", shouts he.
     "Don't you have anything better
to do? Don't you have a girlfriend?",
asks Nikki.
     "Yes, she's standing right next
to me and thinks this whole mess is
bloody hilarious!",answers Colin.
     "Isn't she jealous that you're
calling here?",asks Nikki.
     "No, because she knows why I'm
calling", says Colin. "Besides, she's
a lot smarter than YOU. She goes to
college and is learning about Psycho-
gy unlike YOU. What are you doing with
your life? You just sit there every day
and moan to a bunch of perverted slobs
who want to get off. All you are is a
techno-prostitute!".
     "Hey look, asshole, why don't you
just hang up already?", yells an
exasperated caller.
     "No, I'm NOT ging to hang up! No
one's going to come whils Colin's on
the line! And you're all going to lose
your tiny little erections!"
     Colin gets cut off, but again
magically reapprers.
     "That's right!", he shouts. "Colin
is on the line! Everyone's going to be
really angry because they didn't get
off, and tomorrow they'll still be
retaining last night's sperm".
     A wave of confusion upon the line.
Colin kept insulting the opertors and
callers, while he kept getting cut off
and returning to the line without
delay.  But after a while, Colin
becomes bored of terrorizing the chat
line and decided to leave it alone for
the night.
     Colin returned to the line a few
times after to that to cause more
mayhem. Of course he elicited the same
frantic behavior from the callers and
the operators.
     How was Colin able to almost
constantly be on the line while the
operators were constantly disconnecting
him?  Well...we'll keep that one a
secret. But, do take note of this item:
It seems that the California 976
exchanges can no longer be reached
through AT&T.
     Is it because of Colin? Who knows!
 
-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-
 
Here's something a person encountered
while he was attempting to hack long
distance authorization codes by using
a computer hacking program:
 
RINGING
 
RINGING
 
BUSY
atx0
 
OK
atd
 
CONNECT
WARNING!Your call is being intercepted
 
  Error:   Setting may not be changed
by callers
 
/-------------------------------------
---------------------------------------
                                    )
(  Welcome to:  S o u t h e r n N e t
   I n c .                     )
( You have reached the SouthernNet
Fraud Department, the authorization
code you are attempting to use is not
valid.  Hacking and illegal use
of codes are violations of state and
feeral laws.                      )
(We are currently conducting an
investigaion for code abuse in your
area and we are coordinating the
investigation with law enforcement
authorities. Persons identified hacking
or abusing codes will be
prosecuted to the full extent of the
law.
 
(    I'll see you soon,            )
 
                 )
(
-------------------------------------/
Hold for additional information
 
(      Hacker Tracker is unavailable
right now; however, you may avoid
possible  arrest and/or prosecution
by calling Hacker Tracker in person. )
 
You may contact Mr. Tracker
between the hours of 9:00am and
5:00pm EST, Monday - Friday, simply
by dialing the access number
you have just used and code number
101010 or 011010 if the access #
you have used requires a seven digit
code . Just hold the line for
10 seconds and your call will
automatically be routed to Mr.
Tracker at no charge to you.
 
     This is NOT a trick and IT WILL BE
THE INTENTION OF SOUTHERNNET INC.
TO SETTLE THIS MATTER WITHOUT INVOLVING
LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES IF YOU
COOPERATE WITH OUR FRAUD DEPARTMENT
100% .                        )
(
(   It will certainly be to YOUR
advantage to contact Mr. Tracker as
THIS WILL REFLECT YOUR OWN DECISION TO
TION BY OUR COMPANY!!!
 
   I'll be expecting your call.
 
(    Hacker Tracker                 )
     Hold a sec..... Engaging Auto Page
for Hacker Tracker
 
     50 seconds til disconnect
     40 seconds til disconnect
     30 seconds til disconnect
     20 seconds til disconnect
     10 seconds til disconnect
      5 seconds til disconnect
 
NO CARRIER
 
Well.. Wasn't that special? I have
tried to reach Mr. Hacker Tracker by
calling several offices of SoutherNet.
I managed to find a fraud dept. office,
but no one ever answers the phone. I'd
sure love to interview the genius who
thought up the above scheme. I'll keep
trying, folks!
 
 
And now, it's time for more news by
Nightcrawler (516):
 
News articles for Activist Times Inc. Newsletter --
Reported from various sources...
 
                'Retail group in antivirus role"
 
At the request of specialty-chain MIS executives, the National Retail
Merchants Association in New York has agreed to become a clearinghouse for
information about computer viruses in general merchandise retailing.  The
Retail Virus Control Center is charged with recording reported virus attacks
on retail communicarions networks and with collecting and distributing
information about products and methods that can be used to ward off or
recover from the effecst of a virus.
 
            "Cornell delays release of virus report"
 
Ithaca, NY -- Cornell University officials have completed a lengthy report
that details how the university's computers were used to inject a worm into
the Internet computer network last November but have delayed publicizing the
finding pending any criminal action.
   The report will not be made public until after the US attorney here
decides whether to charge Robert Morris Jr., the Cornell computer science
graduate student believed to have masterminded the worm attack, university
officials siad last week.
   "My hope had been to release this report in full after I had an oppor-
tunity to review it," Robert Barker, Cornell University's provost, said in
a prepared statement.
   "However, based on discussions with university counsel and at the specific
request of the US attorney and the attorney for Mr. Morris ... I have decided
to delay release of the report until the US attorney decides the legal
actions he intends to pursue in this matter," Barker said.  "At that time,
the report and all of its appendices will be made available for public
inspection."
   Barker also said that he would reconsider March 31 whether to release the
report if Frederick Scullin, the US attorney here, has not announced what
legal action he intends to take.  "I fully appreciate that the scientific
community deserves to know of the findings of the investigation," he said.
   Morris could not be reached for comment.  He is on a leave of absence from
Cornell and is reportedly staying at his parents' home in Arnold, Md.
   Thomas Guidoboni, a Washington, DC, attorney representing Morris, con-
firmed that he wrote a letter to Cornell University legal advisers expressing
concern that the report, if it placed the blame on Morris, would influence
his right to a trial with an impartial jury.  "While I did not see the
report, my view was that it might be prejudicial to Morris," Guidoboni said.
"Apparently, the US attorney had concerns as well."
   Scullin and US Department of Justice officials in Washington, DC, did not
return telephone calls seeking comment on the case.
   Cornell's report, which is between 160 and 200 pages including appendices,
was compiled by a committee of university officials headed by Stuart Lynn,
vice-president of information technologies.  "It goes into the involvement of
Cornell's computers, the role that Morris is alleged to have, Unix security
and other issues related to networks," said Dennis Meredith, a university
spokesman.
   A university disciplinary board will determine what actions, if any, it
will take against Morris after the report is released, Meredith said.
   Justice Department officials are reportedly divided on whether to allow
Morris to plead guilty to a misdemeanor or to prosecute him on more severe
charges as a deterrent to computer crimes.
   The decision will be made by Justice Department officials in Washington,
DC, he added: "They are the ones who are dragging their feet.  They are more
interested in getting robbers and dope sellers; that is more important than
getting Robert Morris.  He is not some criminal kingpin.  Robert would like
the issue to be resolved, but I am not surprised that it would take this
long.
 
   "Hacker pleads guilty to computer violations, is denied bail by judge"
 
Los Angeles -- Kevin David Mitnick, the hacker deemed too dangerous to be let
out on bail, pleaded guilty to two criminal counts last week.
   In early January, Mitnick was detained under strict measures at the
request of prosecutor Leon Weidman, who asked the court to view him as a risk
and a danger to the public.  The US Attorney's Office asked the court to deny
trigger programs with a phone call, according to Weidman.
   Mitnick pleaded guilty to two counts: computer fraud, for entering Digital
Equipment Corp.'s computer system, and breaking federal law by having more
than 16 unauthorized phone access codes.
   Under the original indictment, which included defrauding MCI Communica-
tions Corp. and transporting stolen information across state lines, he faced
30 years in prison.  Mitnick pleaded not guilty to the original charges in
January.
   Both the US Attorney's Office and Mitnick's Lawyer agreed that in exchange
for the plea, Mitnick would serve one year in jail and three years probation,
according to a spokeswoman for the US Department of Justice.  They are
reccomending that the court follow the agreement.  Mitnick is scheduled for
sentencing in late April.
   The gargain was struck after it was determined that damages to DEC,
including downtime and searching for the intruder, amounted to between
$100,000 and $200,000, not the entire $4 million originally identified in
court documents, according to the spokeswoman.
   While still in jail awaiting sentencing, Mitnick will be allowed to use
telephones without direct supervision, a privilege he was denied while being
held since his early December arrest.
 
        "TV news execs ousted after hacking charges from rival"
 
Tampa, Fla. -- A Florida television station fired two news executives in the
wake of reports that one of them allegedly penetrated a rival station's
computer system and stole sensitive information.
   WTSP-TV (Channel 10), an ABC  affiliate in St. Petersburg, announced last
week that it had fired Assistant News Director Michael Shapiro and News
Director Terry Cole.
   Shapiro was arrested Feb. 7 on felony charges for allegedly breaking into
a computer system at WTVT-TV (Channel 13) on at least six occasions in
january.  He was once employed by WTVT as an assistant manager and was
responsible for administering the station's computer systems.
   Law enforcement officials seized from Shapiro's home a personal computer,
200 floppy disks and an operating manual and user guide for software used at
the rival station.
   He has been charged with 14 felony counts under Florida Statute 815,
which covers computer-related crimes.  Each count carries a maximum sentence
sentence of 15 years and a $10,000 fine.
   Vince Barresi, WSTP's vice-president and general manager, refused to
comment on the two firings.  However, in a prepared statement, he said that
he told viewers during an 11 PM newscast last Tuesday that the station acted
to "avoid any questions about the objective way we do our business in keeping
the public informed."
   Cole, who hired Shapiro last September, has not been charged by Florida
law enforcement officials.  He was fired, according to one source, because as
director of the news room operations, he is held ultimately for the actions
of news staffers.
  Shapiro and Cole were unavailable for comment.
 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 
Abbie. I can't find the words to
express how I feel about his death.
He was a great person, one who was an
outspoken activist and remained so
while others in his generation came
to abandon the fight. He wrote many
books, and never stopped lecturing at
colleges around the nation, trying to
get the younger generation to work
for a better world as he was.
 
We may soon have a full article written
by a friend of mine. We will release it
as soon as we get it.  In the meantime,
read the article People magazine had
on him. It's in the May 1st issue, the
one with him on the cover.  I never
thought I'd reccomend that anyone read
People with any seriousness, but I feel
that the article they wrote was good.
And I'd also like to share with you
something taken from Usenet:
 
Path: jolnet!killer!rpp386!texsun!pitstop!male!sun-arpa!ames!rex!uflorida!gate
From: doering@kodak.UUCP (Paul F. Doering)
Newsgroups: talk.bizarre,alt.activism,talk.politics.misc,talk.rumors
Subject: In praise of Abbie Hoffman
Message-ID: <1844@kodak.UUCP>
Date: 20 Apr 89 18:19:01 GMT
Reply-To: doering@kodak.com (Paul F. Doering)
Followup-To: talk.bizarre
Distribution: na
Organization: Kodak Research, Rochester NY
Lines: 30
 
The unexpected death of Abbie Hoffman has triggered some articles on
the net, some of them a bit absurd.  Something factual needs to be
said, something reasonable, something decent.
 
When he was under cover, Abbie lived 5 cottages away from my place in
the stretch of the St Lawrence River know as The Thousand Islands.  I
knew him there as Barry Freed.  He was a neighbor in all the good
senses: caring, involved, unintrusive, helpful, pleasant, gentle.  He
was a great cook, and at our picnics he would always show up with a
dish that clearly represented a lot of hard work.  You may know that
he spearheaded the growing concern for the quality of the river and
was a founder of  Save The River, a citizens' group active and
successful today, a kind of unintended memorial to Abbie, surely a
positive force in resisting exploitation and promoting conservation.
 
It is strange that he and I should have been cooperating neighbors,
because I have been characterized as being slightly to the right of
Ghengis Khan.  My opinion of Abbie's activities in the late 1960's
was formed through the filter of the media and is unreliable.  My
opinion of him in his recent years is first-hand, and I say: the
world does not have so many worthwhile people that it can afford to
let even one pass unpraised.  I'd trade a bunch of my so-called
conservative allies for just one Abbie Hoffman.
 
And so we grow....
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 
On April 23rd, I attended a march/rally
for Earth Day.  I marched at the front
part of the procession, and stood in
the front row of spectators at the
rally. The speakers were marvelous, and
performers like Roger McGuinn (of the
Byrds) and Richie Havens were inspiring
and excellent. Over 10,000 people
showed up to show their displeasure
over the Exxon's Alaskan oil spill and
the overall corporate greed polluting
our land and waters. One of the
speakers was a Maine woman who lost
her 2 year-old son one Christmas due
to pollution.  Another speaker read
parts of Exxon's message to stock-
holders after the spill. The message
said nothing that showed any concern
forthe environmental effects of the spill.
Nothing about the carnage of animals
and birds killed by the spill. The
message only assured that profit loss
was minimized. Can you believe it?
 
Before the march started, McGuinn and
Peter from the 60's group Peter, Paul
and Mary did a duet of a song I have
always loved:
 
..How many times must a man look up
Before he can see the sky?
How many years must one man have
Before he can hear people cry?
How many deaths will it take 'till he
  knows
That too many people have died?
 
The answer, my friend
Is blowing in the wind
The answer is blowing in the wind..
 
How many years can a mountain exist
Before it is washed to the sea?
How many years can some people exist
Before they're allowed to be free?
How many times can a man turn his head
And pretend that he just doesn't see?
 
The answer, my friend
Is blowing in the wind
The answer is blowing in the wind...
 
 
That one's dedicated to Abbie,
where ever he may be. And that's all
for ATI37.  The struggle continues.
 
