Dear Jewel,
   About last night...
------------<9908151915>----------------
Your performances of both "Barcelona" and "Life Uncommon"
last night at Milwaukee's Summerfest grounds were simply 
"to die for." And your scatting, and your yodelling, and 
your call and response with the lead guitarist? Wow, Sarah
Brightman's got nothing on you.
    I'll bet you're a pain in the butt to mix, do the 
soundpeople ever have trouble forgiving you? Your dynamics
are like Stevie Nicks married Luciano Peebrain and had a 
kid in a test tube in a vacuum and your voice was the result.
    Can I complain about one thing on your tour though? Buying 
Rusted Root stuff and being forced to take it in a Tommy
Hellfinger shopping bag with those stupid chi-chi 
Filenes-styled twistypaper handles would really suck. Your 
venders probably lost a ton of potential sales because of that
sponsor of your tour and their "clever" fascistic marketing-
is-the-only-thing attitude. I remember your patter on that
VH-1 Aspen gig about the fashion industry. Why did you EVER go
with someone like Tommy???
    Oh well, everything else was mondo-cool.
You're awesome,
marco

ps: on the way home my friend Staci said she 
believes you're an angel. I said I don't think
so, but I've decided you were certainly sent here 
to cheer us all up in our hellish lives.


   aaa    ttttttt     iiiii
  a   a      t          i  
  aaaaa      t          i
  a   a      t          i         
  a   a  1   t   8    iiiii 6

------------<hello there>----------------

I'm Prime Anarchist and this is ati issue 186.
It's Sunday, August 15, 1999. Couple days til 
the Cassini flyby, eh? NO! Not Oleg Cassini, you
ninny. Not Bowleg Cassini. Boondoggle Cassini mayhaps,
but just plain Cassini is probably best.

   "We're doomed," (nasally voice) "it'll never work.
The townspeople will be angry. It'll never get off
the ground."

   Wish us luck, eh? That's one small moment for an
ant; one huge heap for an ant-hill. 

-=- OP-Onion -=-
o'neill? furrow? buford o. furrow, jr.
Peeps! Spell out his middle name, remember?
How else are you going to make him feel icky???
Buford Oswald, get over here!!!
Look what you did. How does that feel?
How does that taste? How does that smell??
Why'd you DO that?
Now look what you did.
CNN, we have THE MOST WHITEST yellow, red, 
black and brown people in the world.
My opinion of CNN? 
Watching the anchor peeps is like reading 
Awake, or Watchtower. Shiny happy
multi-colored people. I guess they
(CNN OR JAHWITnesses, doesn't matter)
don't care what race you are, just
so long as you assimilate, work your
butt off and donate gobs of quid to
the church instead of the taxman!
Ah, bill nye the science guy telling
us about the corona, basically the
sun's ariola, eh? "If the offer's shun,
you might as well be walking on the sun."
-smashmouth.
Let's take a photograph of my gas.
Bill, bill, bill. You look like Ross Perot
and Clifford Stoll got married
and had a kid! Nice bow-tie bill.
Wha's up w/ that?
I'm bein followed by a moonshadow
And if I ever lose the sun, I won't
stare and I won't run. & if I ever
lose the sun, la la la la la la la la
la la, I won't have to LOOK AT DARYN'S
UGLY ANOREXIC CHEEKLESS LIPOSUCTIONED
PENCILTHIN LIPS AND SUNKEN DEADLOOKING
ANCHORWOMAN EYES AGAIN.
OH! OH! OH! Gain some weight lady!
You look like you've lost half your
face! You look like a female inter-locking
steel-grey perfume bottle!
I'm prime anarchist,
and this is my rant for issue 186
of ATI, this weekend at the beginning of the
middle of august, 1999.

-=- / OP-Onion -=-

   We begin with a clip, then a #'s run, and the peanuts
from the lettuce gallery. Er, uh, reverse that. Gallery
lettuce, the from peanuts, the and... Uh, never mind.
   Hope you enjoy. If not, hit ctrl-alt-delete.
Prime Weisenheimer.

------------< begin clip >------------------
 
   H a c k e r N e w s N e t w o r k   ---   07-15-99
 
   Freedom of the press is limited to those who own one.
   - A.J. Liebling
 
     303.org Needs A Home
 
   contributed by netmask
   The rash of ISPs crumbling as soon as they get a letter threatening to
   sue is becoming a major issue. It does not matter if the threat is
   real or the allegations well founded most ISPs refuse to take a stand
   and buckle at the first hint of legal wranglings. 303.org and
   netcrimminals.org has succumbed to such an attack. They are
   desperately looking for someone to host either site. They need an ISP
   who supports free speech, and wants to do good for the community to
   host them. 303.org provides useful, but sometimes controversial
   services and information for free, as well as a few text mirrors.
   Netcriminals.org is working to inform the public about alleged
   criminals such as JP from Antionline, CPM from Happy Hacker, and Spy
   King from Codex Data Systems. The site has great things coming for it,
   if it can find an ISP with a small pair of balls to host it.
   Send mail to 
       netmask@303.org 
   if you are interested in helping host either site or need more info.
 
------------< end clip >---------


#'s
http://www.jodi.org
http://www.303.org
http://gettingit.com
http://www.slashdot.org
http://hometown.aol.com/dmkerr9/praylet.html
http://cosmos.lod.com/~ati/plagiarist.html
http://www.circlevision.org
http://members.tripod.com/~goforth/socialjustice.html



LETTUCE FROM THEMS 'AT R READIN' US...

to ati@etext.org
(I was looking at John Labovitz's E-Zine list at
http://www.meer.net/~johnl/e-zine-list/ 
and saw your e-zine listed.
That is where we received your contact 
address. We painstakingly went through each 
e-zine and hand sent the email to each address 
for efficiency, and to avoid spamming. Please 
accept our best efforts to keep unnecessary 
email to a minimum.)
   We'd like to invite you to include your 
e-zine press releases and event items on Buzzine. 
This is a "PRESS ONLY" invitation. I have attached 
the press release below for your review. We are selling
nothing and soliciting nothing. This is intended for 
press or PR departments of legitimate e-zine's only.
Thank you,
   Tamara Myers


to ati:
thank you
jewel

[notas: that was quick
 i sent that out this
 afternoon! de nada. ]



Huh?  ARe you tellimg me to take some time, 
to read A Clockwork Orange, to watch some 
more TV, to set my yy to 1962 so I can 
stop the assasination of JFK, or what??  
Beth N

PS My theory of Y2K is that on 00 all 
confused computers will think it's
1900 and will become time machines 
and go back to horse and buggy days
where people calculated with that 
weird bead thngy before computers
were invented so that they will in 
effect cancell themselves outta
existence.  
But, they won't care.  
How Camus!  

---===()===---

I got an MRE in a food box the other day.  
Some guy apparently ordered many cases 
for Y2K then reconsidered his storage 
space and donated some.

Yeah!  What was cool was the packet 
to sterilize water, and matches.  And
jam.  It was like an elaborate Cracker 
Jack Box.  Fun stuff.  Like Christmas.  
A prize in every unmarked browm vacuum 
sealed bag.

ibid.

    [ed note: protectingly sealed for 
     your hermetic. Yeah, I used to live
     on the stuff...yum.]


[!--and  --] 
[!--on   --]
[!--the topic of --]
[!-- MRE's...    --]

Well, the new MRE's have three vegetarian 
entrees in them: Cheese Tortellini, Pasta 
w/alfredo sauce, and Pasta with vegetables. 
The MRE's are now packaged in sand-colored 
pouches, and the vegan MRE's are clearly marked. 
(BTW, none of the present MRE's have dehydrated 
fruit or meat in them)

In 1997, the Gov't required all manufacturers 
of MRE's to carry the following wording on all 
MRE containers: "US Government Property-Commercial 
Resale Unlawful". But the Wornick Co., began
manufacturing a civilian version of the MRE called 
Milspec.
See ya later, 
Patrick

[ed note: sand-colored. Ah, desert warm. 
Thanks Patrick]


to: ati@etext.org
<dawber@thecia.net> has signed 
off the [ATI] mailing list.


     (and gotten from usenet...)              
I try to remain something of an activist as middle 
age approaches, so I went to the website offered 
here. It's one page, all typed, and the information 
is too cryptic and incomplete -- "No ATI this 
weekend. Busy playing around with a Brand New
Computer. Resume to regular schedule Soon?" If 
you're going to post off-topic websites here, 
is it too much to hope the website 
could at least make some sort of sense?
eyegore

---
ati- making no cents since 1988
---


   [/LETTUCE]


--------------
PAWN - is Prime Anarchist World News.
Not the only wire you need, but the
best you'll get; rest assuaged.
--------------


                    Thursday, July 29, 1999

                     Film's death is
                     cause for
                     concern
                     Decision to kill Y2K
                     suggests Washington
                     has millennium fears

                     Jonathan Chevreau

                     Financial Post

                     Hollywood has killed the film Y2K,
                     an event that should cause investors
                     to question how much they are
                     being permitted to know about the
                     true state of the Year 2000
                     computer problem.

                     The Boston Globe reported July 25
                     that Warner Brothers cancelled
                     plans for its Y2K disaster flick
                     partly because, as its producer
                     described it, there was a lack of
                     faith in the ability of audiences to
                     discern the difference between
                     fictional and real-world computer
                     disruptions.

                     In the movie, Chris O'Donnell was
                     to play a computer programmer who
                     discovers a Y2K-related bug that
                     could render New York City
                     security systems vulnerable to
                     terrorists.

District of Kolumbus
--------------------
Clinton Defense Fund Needs a Miracle.
Washingtoon - [PAWN] - Donations to President and
Mrs. President's illegal defense fund have slowed
in recent months and organizers say they weren't
able to cover all the bills unless they thought of
something quick.
   "We pay $1.50 for each photocopy, and $3 per
minute on the phone. You don't even WANT to know
how much our attorneys charge us for gas, oil and
mileage on their personal cars," Billary Clinton
said about their efforts to keep this from becoming 
a taxpayer expense.
   The trust has raised 6.3 million in a year and a
half but the bills are "5 feet high and rising,"
according to spokesperson George Stopalotofus.
   Hill and Billary are spending Mondays, Wednesdays
and Fridays in DuPont Circle and Lafayette Park for
the rest of the term wearing broomstick skirts,
Birkenstocks and no shirts waving their arms in the
air and chanting "I need a miracle, I need a miracle."
Chelsea's there too on Fridays just saying, "miracle,
miracle."
   They've already been offered press pass laminates
to three Greatful Ded shows, according to park rangers
Bill Ted, and Wee Kountm Wong.
   Only trouble? The Ded don't play anymore. And 
the passes are only worth five hits of methamphetamine
each.
   Hill has suggested they just sell cocaine like old
times, but Billary insists they only hold that out as
a last resort.
   If you wish to help out, just dial 10-10-432 from
now on.

ILLINOIS
Nun Arrested For Racist Grafitti
JOLIET - A 66-year-old nun has been arrested for
scrawling racist graffiti in a hospital where she
worked as a chaplain.
   Police said Sister Dorothy Toman, a Franciscan
nun, admitted that she was responsible for graffiti
found in the emergency room lobby and in a washroom
at Provena Saint Joseph Medical Center.
   "She said she did it because she wanted to see
how the hospital would react," said Joliet Police
Capt. James Grace.

HONDURAS
Authorities Find Cells, Graves at Base
TEGUCIGALPA - a US built military base in Honduras
contains cramped metal cells apparently used to
torture and kill political prisoners, a top
Honduran official said Thursday.
   The cells - along with dozens of possible
grave sites - were discovered this week at Aguacate
air base in eastern Honduras, Which the United
States built for graduates of the School of the
Americas in 1983.



Well, that's it for ati 186.
Hope you liked it.
Sorry so sloppy,
marco
ati@etext.org
http://www.thepentagon.com/primeanarchist