midweek crisis, ati126, midweek crisis, ati126, midweek crisis, ati126.
Hola, welcome to ATI it is 1pm
DUESDAY, End of April, 1998.
We begin with a missive. 
(of course we end with a missive and we meddle with a massive.)
Read on. There will be no numbers run this week and no calendula. 
It is today, that's all you need to know. There is a full-scale war 
going on in Mexico right now. And it will not be containable despite
any attempts at a news blackout. 
What will bring it home? Read on.



     Shouts to:  Yelena, Howard, Cecilia and the young girl
                 on the Amtrak who cried, prayed for me, and
                 wished me luck when she said goodbye.
                 April 28. Saddam "Gamorah" Hussein, happy b-day!!!
                 Yes, and happy jail-day Larry Flynt.



       AA      TTTTTTTT    IIIIIIII
      A  A     TTTTTTTT    IIIIIIII
     AA  AA       TT          II
      AAAA        TT          II
     AA  AA       TT          II
     AA  AA       TT          II
     AA  AA       TT       IIIIIIII
    AA    AA      TT       IIIIIIII
      C             I              N
       T             M              C
        I             E              !
         V             S
          I
           S
            T
 
             .....            Y Gadz. Special
            .Issue.           SOA Issue 
            . 126 .           Benning's Gate
             .....            Heaven's Kitchen.





    Live! From CAMP David, it's ATI! 
    Your newzrag with a Capitol Bang.
    Did he say "!"?
    No "Bang."
    Bang?
    No "!"!
    "Bang bang?"
    No "!!!"
    Gang bang?
    Yeah, whatever.
    Talk to the gland.







A NON TOUCHING MOMENT
PAWN - (WASH)  Anarchist Laureate's 2 Hour Guitar Performance for President
Receives Polite Reception but Remains Quite Uneventful. (oops, strike the
word "quite." looks too much like opinion instead of hard news. (t.i.c.)
   "He never made a pass at me," said Prime Anarchist of the 3am classical
and folk guitar concert Saturday night at the White House. (for you newshounds,
it's naturally a different name he performed under. Happy hunting...)
   "I mean he never so much as touched my shoulder or my leg or anything.
Anarchist said the Clintons do have some strange customs however.
   "Along with clapping," he said, "they like to turn the lights out and then
back on twice after each song."
   When asked what it felt like to play guitar for the President of the US, 
Anarchist said, "That Bill; he sure is one good hugger.



  /CONDOS/          /PAWN/
 / FOR  /          /SHOP/
/ SALE /          /    /


hmmm...



FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE April 27, 1998

CONTACT: 
     Heather Dean, Washington, D.C. (202) 234-3440 
     Yvonne Dilling, Atlanta, GA (706) 682-5369 

               OVER 1000 CONVERGE ON WHITE HOUSE TO CLOSE DOWN 
                          U.S. ARMY SCHOOL OF THE AMERICAS

Over 1000 people came together in front of the White House yesterday to urge 
President Clinton to close the U.S. School of
the Americas. Ordinary Americas from New York, Michigan, Ohio, 
California, Texas, Oregon, Florida and area states as well
as human rights activists from Latin America joined together 
to hear the reports of the murderous activities of the SOA-trained
alumnae. 

The Latin American speakers included Mario Murillo, Colombian Host of 
Radio Talk Show "Our Americas", Jesus Alemancia,
Panamanian Center for Study and Social Action, and Carlota Garcia, 
representative of the National Commissioner for Human
Rights in Honduras. 

North American speakers also spoke out. Allan Nairn, journalist and 
coordinator of Justice for All recounted his experiences in
Indonesia as well as Latin America with the SOA connections, and Jack Nelson 
Pallmeyer from the Dept. of Peace Studies at
the University of St. Thomas and author of School of Assassins provided more data. 

The noon to 5:00 PM rally at Lafayette Park was sponsored by SOA Watch, 
long a persistent critic of the School. 

Many of the SOA Watch supporters, including several who are awaiting 
sentencing for civil disobedience actions at Fort
Benning, will vigil and be available to speak to the press Monday and 
Tuesday on the Capitol Steps (10:00AM-6:00PM) and
will lobby their Congresspersons during the afternoon. Participants will 
be seeking more co-sponsors for S980 and HR611,
which if passed would immediately close the SOA. 

Senator Richard Durbin and Representative Joe Kennedy, the sponsors of the 
two bills, will hold a press conference on Tuesday, April 27 at 4:00PM. 

While North Americans are vigiling on the Capitol steps, there will be 
simultaneous vigils at US Embassies in 12 Latin American countries. 

The School of the Americas is a U.S. Army training facility widely 
known as the "School of the Assassins" because of its
graduates' widespread, large-scale human rights abuse. 

                      **************
 ** disk-lamer **    <<<-===---
  **************
  ATI ALLOWS CORRESPONDENCE of all kinds.
  If you have a prob with a particular article, your prob is 
  with that particular author. Send a letter if something 
  bugs you.
  And please don't be mad at us because of 
  something we didnt censor out.
  ATI doesnt censor.
  / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - /
 /            yIPPIE!.!            /
/                                 /
Activist Times, Inc. ATI is a    /
journalistic, causistic,        /
- -/cyberpolitical      - - - -/
  /organization,       /  4 more info?
 /trying to           /   email
/help y'all, and us  /  
change the world    /    to:
radically, in less /    
than two minute   /     ati@etext.org
increments.      /    or
- - - - - - - - -       call:
                             860-887-2600 ext. 5293




                      PROCLAMATION - 1998

Be it heretofore resolved,
I, Prime Anarchist, declare 10pm Guatemala: Nunca Mas Minute.

So what were you doing Friday night around 10pm?
   I was preparing myself for a trip via Amtrak to Washington DC.
75 year old Juan Jose Gerardi Conedera was finishing up public 
release of a book "Guatemala: Nunca Mas."
   My friend Shelly was beginning her trip from Wisconsin to the 
same place I was going. Washington DC to sing for Bill. Well, among
other things. I won't ask what you were doing Saturday right around
10. It was the normal mundane things for all of us. You, Shelly, 
Monsenor Gerardi and me.
   Sunday night around 10 pm. What were you doing? Shelly and I were
singing folksongs around a campfire somewhere just outside of DC.
We had spent the day on the Whitehouse lawn gathering with a couple 
thousand people from all over the world to discuss many things, but
primarily assassinations, murders and human rights violations that
have been happening the last few years on our watch.
   Yes. Every one of us. 
   Back to what were you doing at 10 pm Sunday night? Gerardi, the 
Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Guatemala was getting his
head bashed in with a large piece of cement until he died in a pool
of his blood in his very own garage.
   I can assure you, within the next 10 years I will write you with
proof that his assassin was a graduate of the School of Americas in
Fort Benning, GA. For now we have to assume that this murder may or
may not be linked to SOA or even anything the least bit political.
   It is 10pm Monday, April 27, 1998. In the year of our brand new
Ronald Reagan building. I am on Amtrak heading home writing this
while I weep like a child. This happened on my watch, my friend.
My taxes are up to date as of April 15, 1998 -- or was that Dec. 31
1997? No matter. For this, I believe I am partially responsible for 
this 75 year old Monsenor's violent death. I believe you are fully
responsible and so is your President. We all continue sharing guilt
until we communally stop funding this abhorrance disguised as a school.
   Almost 200 of the men, women and others in Congress, I mean men and
women; Republican, Democrat, and other have already expressed desire
to support shutting it down. 
   Tomorrow Sam Gejdenson (my hometown congressperson) will be addressing
my friends who are camping out one more night while I ride home to 
prepare my dropping out of UConn with straight A's. 
   I hope Chris Dodd, Newtus Gingrich, Johnny Rowland and you are all savvy
enough to show up there tomorrow as well. I would be there if I could.
It's important that I spend Tuesday making $5.35 per hour retroactively
funding this vacation I just gave myself. This afternoon I met friends
of the Monsenor on the Capitol Steps. I also met two Senators, 5 Congress
People, and God knows how many high school chorus competitors who will
never be able to sing the National Anthem the same way again, having met
us, and sung with us.
   Most of you will probably wonder why I didn't just spend 4 days drunk
in Middlesex dorm, University of Connecticut beating up cops and tipping 
over automobiles followed by a Sunday watching bowling, golf and bad sitcoms.
   Sorry, I have spent most my life feeling I'm never doing enough to
help make the world a better place. My mother and father taught me that.
My church taught me that. So did the Boy Scouts of Amerika and Groton
Heights School teachers.
   Business can NEVER be "as per usual" for me ever again, my friend. I have
cried on the Capitol steps more than twice now in 10 years. How many more
times? I ask. I am now a full-time SOA shutter-upper. Wanna buy a t-shirt? =)
   Never again, America. I will not let you do that again. 
   Not on my watch. Not in your life. Not in a million years, never again.
Groton, CT. USA. Nunca Mas! Need I say "Basta Ya???" 
10pm will never be the same again for me. I will blink some number of tears
each night for a 75 year old man who never hurt anybody in his whole life who
is now deader than a doornail. Almost deader than 4 nuns and an Archbishop 
in 1980.
   It's 10pm - do you know where your tax dollars are?


HOW TO WIN REPUBLICANS AND HERD HUMANS. by William Repherd.
   What do Barrett, Fawell, Foley, Greenwood, Johnson, Klug, LaTourette, 
Quinn, Ramstad, Upton and Walsh all have in common?
   a) All Republicans
   b) Already voted to shut down the SOA
   c) Only Congresspeople to be or do both a), and b).
Remember, Republicans are like cows. A little slower to respond, but they
smile a lot and their hearts are in the right place sometimes.
   If your Republican is not on that list - talk with them.
   Remember to speak up, many wear 4 hearing aids, and do talk slowly
although not dumb, they do tend to be a little sluggish, but docile. 

TRIVIA QUESTION OF THE WEEK.
How far apart sit IRS and FBI headquarters?
Do the words kissing cousins, serve a good clue?



Constance A Morella                                   2228 rayburn
8th district, Maryland                \/              wash dc
committee on science                  /\              202-225-5341
committe on government		     (sposed 2 b   rep.morella@mail.house.gov						
reform & oversight                    an eagle=)

The Honorable Donald J. Planty
US Ambassador to Guatemala
Embassy of the US
Guatemala City, Guatemala
Central America

Dear Ambassador Planty:

I was deeply saddened and troubled to hear this morning of the murder last
night of Auxiliary Bishop Juan Gerardi Conodera.

As you know, the bishop's murder coincides with the public release of the
report of the REMHI Project, headed by the monsignor, on Friday. Although
complete information is not yet available, it would seem more than reasonable
to believe that this is no coincidence.

Guatemalan officials have in recent years tended to blame "common crime" for 
crimes with apparent or possible political motivations. It is my understanding
that you have already personally concluded that this case does not fall into 
that category.

I urge you to make clear to officials of the Guatemalan government that Members
of Congress will expect a full, complete, and exhaustive investigation of this
brutal assassination, to determine not only who carried out the killing, but
also to determine who else may have been involved.

Thank you for your attention to my concern.
   Sincerely, 

   Constance Morella
   Member of Congress

CAM:csp

cc: Ambassador Lamport 
    Prime Anarchist
    1000 or more other capitol steps squatters. 






Well that's about it for this midweek crisis ATI issue 126.
I don't even have a poem to end with: sorry. I promise something
beautiful sunday nite, k?

-30-   






ati. busting through
news blackouts since
    1988!







ok you talked me into it. Here's a repeat from issue 74. AMERICA. A 
ginsbergian poem in free-verse with really good rhythm in honor of
the newly dead poet.

America I've given you all and now I'm nothing.
America I misplaced a 720K floppy, mine. Can't find it.
Will it turn up? Hopingly.
March 13, 1997. I definitely can't stand my own mind.
America when will we rid ourselves of all violence and
Naked agression?
Go fuck yourself with your atom bomb.
I feel shitty, leave me alone.
I'm like a wound with legs.
I'll write the rest of this borrowing heavily 
When I'm good and readily.
America when will we be free?
When will you take off your clothes?
When will you stop eating people?
America why are your libraries full of fears?
America when will you send food unconditionally to everybody?
I'm sick of your insane demands.
When can I go somewhere and buy something with my looks?
There must be some other way to live than consumption.
You are machinery America. Nothing more. 
Ginsberg is dead and I steal his posies gladly.
Ring around your holier-than thous. I spit on your Tupperware coffin.
Are you being sinister or is this some form of practical joke?
Well, Til Eulenspiegel doesn't like it so 
Knock it off America.
When will cops smile and say "have a nice day?"
Let me make my point for peat's sake.
Hummous. Sprouts. Beans, Kurdistanis and whey.
No way.
America, you're silly. I think you're chronologically 12.
Psychosis, America you'll choke on your own Exxon mine.
America I miss Abbie Hoffman. 
Thomas Merton and Dorothy Day. Peter Maurin and Mitch Schneider.
America
        SHUT THE SCHOOL OF THE ASSASSINS DOWN!!!
Free Leonard Peltier he keeps embarrassing me. As do Mumia Abu Jamal.
I'm proud to be America? I'm horny for justice America.
I haven't seen democracy in my lifetime.
        SHUT DOWN THE CRANDON MINE AND GET YOUR PENIS OUT OF NAVAHOPI LANDS.
America I used to be an anarchist when I was young and stupid.
Now I'm balding and cynical and horny for nonviolent revolution.
If I knew how to overthrow your sorry ass conflict-oriented International
Insecurity State without tanks and squadrons I'd've done it a decade ago.
I'm proud to be an American just as I'm proud to be an anarchist.
America my mind is made up of LSD, potassium, salt, fibroptics, silocon
and seminary school.
America I'm a jew and I'm a Christian but your jews for jesus movement
Pisses me off. 
America I still haven't told you what you did to me when I came back from 
The Persian Gulf.
I'm sick of your dumb smartbombs and your news blackouts and your dead civilians
By the Chinook-130-load
I'm addressing you, you fagbashing homophobe.
Are you going to let your emotional life be run by Turner Network Television?
Oh I see, America, your new boyfriend is Bill Gates.
I'm obsessed by Bill Gates. I want to lick his DOS.
It occurs to me that I am Bill Gates.
I am talking to myself again. I do that.
America how can I write anything but this shit when you still hold your
Itchy Finger on a Plutonium 239 trigger? 
America I know the Unabomber. He used to log onto my BBS.
America Captain Crunch is a little weird but he's really a nice guy.
Leave him alone and stop eavesdropping on his emails to me.
America you are guilty of wirefraud. How do I press charges against
America? You'll just have me killed or something. Or worse, waste taxpayers
Dollars following me 3 Ford LTD's deep.
America go ahead and put Taco Bell on the Rio Grande.
America when I was 10 my mother and father brought me to hippy church 
Be Ins and I had sex with teenage girls. Don't knock my mother and father
They are the best Republicans you've got. 
America you don't really want any more wars.
Stop stockpiling diseases. 
America we're one antibiotic away from mass oblivian.
Cut it out with the Bovine Growth Hormones and the pig enzymes in cheddar
Cheese.
America this is quite serious. There are lots of people who are way too
Fat and way too thin and they can't help themselves because they watch
Too much David Letterman and Thighmaster commercials.
America am I right?
Are we going to wipe ourselves out in 2003?
Will we take all of the beautiful innocent animals with us?
Have we lost all our topsoil like Rome?
America I await Vatican III in 3D.
  