
From editor@intst.com Sun Oct 25 13:00:36 1998
Date: Sun, 25 Oct 1998 12:52:59 -0600 (CST)
From: The Editor and Chief <editor@intst.com>
To: ati@intst.com
Cc: editor@intst.com
Subject: ati150.txt
Resent-Date: Sun, 25 Oct 98 13:05:24 CST
Resent-From: <editor@intst.com>
Resent-To: editor@ns2.cross-roads1.com

>From the Hit Factory to the Record Plant, it's the Music-Cartel 
version of ATI. Arista Telegragial, Industries.

	  
	  aaa    ttttttt     iiiii
	 a   a      t          i
	 aaaaa      t          i
	 a   a      t          i
	 a   a  1   t    5   iiiii   0


   "There are many ups and downs in this business."
       -- Warren Christopher 23Oct98

   "Republicans will gain between 8 and 10 seats in the toilet."
       -- James "you-mess-with-a-friend-of-monika-
		    you-mess-with-me" Carville. 

   "...Pentagon...King Solomon..."   
       --Wycleff (White Cliff, Y Clef, Wu Tang)

#'s? You want #'s?? I'll give you numbers !?!
Hullo. end, welcome to ATI issue 150. I'm prime anarchist
and this is the run for Sunday, October 25, 1998.
http://www.theofficenet.com/~redorman/pagea~1.htm
http://yippie.freeservers.com
http://www.american-politics.com/doc1997.html
http://www.cspc.org
http://www.flashback.se/undergrad/fanzines
http://www.williamsmusic.simplenet.com/philosophy.html
http://www.beograd.com/truth
http://www.cow.net
http://www.textfiles.com
http://www.works.org
http://jya.com/cej-wwa-jg.htm

------------------------------------
The UnFamous Prime Anarchist Column.
------------------------------------
Hola Buenos,
How's it going? Que tal la famila?
Here's the first poem I've written in quite a while.
Ready for this?


BLYTHE
    by prime anarchist

Like Holden Caulfield.
It's a double fantasy.
Killing his hero.
And ruining his own life.

Violence
Embedded to society.
Like a 38K .mid file.

A page or an intern, no matter
A power differential abused.

It's a triple reality.
  1)
  Hurting another, 
  2)
  killing his own heroism
  3)
  and ruining the illusions of
 half a billion 
Children the world over.


   How's that???

   It's Where Falkner and Cheeser Submitted their early work.
   It's where Salzinger, Saroian, McCalder and Schmailer
   were first published.
   ATI!
   And now it's where today's most
   exciting new writers
   come to show their talent.
   http://www.thepentagon.com/primeanarchist

   Raising the Heckles On the 
   Back of Your Neck, it's ATI.
   Actuarial Taxi-Dancing Interns.

The Television will not be revolutionized.

--"Y2K?"
--"Just Cause."

April 1st, 1999 begins fiscal Y2K.

I hope you set your crocks back.

ATI, taking you to the year 9999.
Hmmm. August 9, 1999. Wanna party?


<background music. Blue Skies>
Unlike PfiloHek,
ATI gives you 24 hour relief without headache, 
piahrea, nasal bleeding and abdominal pain.
   the least common side effect was dry mouth; and munchies.




		       and now, a wordz from our spoonzerz.

RED CROSS SPAGHETTI.
   thin, elbow, semolina, vermicelli, macaroni.
Enriched Since 1860
A Low Fat, Sodium Free, Cholesterol Free Food.
See Back Panel For Nutrition Information.
   the origin of red cross...
Back in 1860, two brothers arrived in America from Milan,
Italy bringing with them the recipe for multilevel network
marketing, er, uh, I mean, old world pasta.
   They called their products Red Cross, in honor of the 
Duke of Milano, famous fruitcake baker and gourmet pasta maker.
Duke's coat of arms bore this familiar cross. For over a month Americans
have enjoyed the Italian tradition of these fine products.
<small> THIS PRODUCT NOT CONNECTED WITH AMERICAN NATIONAL RED CROSS,
INTERNATION RED CROSS, ANARCHIST BLACK CROSS OR ELIZABETH DOLE </small>

COTTON INC.
The Fabulism of Our Lives.
We are NOT Rayon.
Our Jeans are hard.

---                                  ---
ATI. refusing to self-promote since 1988.
---                                  ---

Yo, Black Boot:
Shouts and greets...

Greetings Everyone,

	My visit to the Northwestern region of HPL in the Red Willow
Springs and Cactus Valley area revealed still much hardship and fear
among the residents. The BIA has continued to conduct adjudication of the
Accomodation Agreement (policies allowing resistors to remain) guidelines
by pushing to have AA signers give-up the excess animals to be shipped off
the reservation. This was very disturbing to one family that I happened to
visit and the BIA personnel were just on the scene that early morning of
Oct. 16th. 
	This traditional family's peaceful breakfast was disturbed by the
several BIA/Hopi Range Technician vechicles that drove up around 7:30 AM.
These government personnel spoke only in English and were some how able to
get their message across that they were there to take their animals some
250 miles from this family's home. The elder mother confronted them and
said, Why can't they bring someone who spoke Dineh? Something she had
requested before. The mother tried to tell them, "It is difficul today
because of the snowy weather and cattle are hard to spot in such weather."
She continued to insist that she had written a two page letter to The Hopi
Lands Operation Office and had stated that she will not allow any of her
animals taken so suddenly. The BIA personnel said they brought
stock-trailers and they are ready to haul that day. The mother, Mayze
Katenay Begay, try to tell her family not to take action upon the BIA
request, but her husband, son, and daughter went ahead to saddle up their
horses and left into the windy, cold and snowy canyonlands. 
	Later, the BIA returned and said because of the weather they will
retur Thursday, Oct. 22nd and for her to make sure the cattle are ready
to be hauled off. They left a 20 foot stock trailer in front of the sheep
corral and left. She was so angered and disturbed so, she asked me o 
scribble a message on the trailer so I did. I asked the BIA not to take it
upon the family and that I personally wrote on the trailer. I will be
leaving this afternoon to check on what was the outcome.
	There is plenty more happening and I hope to write something more
informative upon my return. Also, I asked if any supporters who are in
touch with other representatives from Big Mtn. or other areas of HPL to
inquire to them to go out there and begin informing you about other
government activities. Personally, I feel that the more input we can get
from other Dineh Coordinators, (native of HPL) there can be a lot more
flow of updated status. What supporters should try to take note of about
information that comes from your Dineh contacts on the land is that whats
most important to hear about are the BIA activities, and recent BIA Tribal
Council official activities. We all should begin to understand that these
traditional elders' resistance could become more intense and will require
more monitoring by American and World communities.
	Myself, I'm overwhelmed with my studies here at Northern Ariz.
Univ. and trying my best to keep the concerned folks aware about the
continued harassments and the intimidations perpetrated by the BIA and
their On-the-Land Agents. Next time I like to put together more
information and try to relay some words from some of the resistors,and as
well as my views of the situation.
	Thank You for your continued and vital support, and the Prayers
that is said for the traditional elders who are trying to Save Humanity.

				To All My Relations, Bahe

-----------     ----------------
OUR LETTUCE AND TOMATOES SECTION:
-----------     ----------------

i like the "old olk singer" song,
and loved the reference to "cayenne pepper"
which made me smile. as lousy as my health
is, i'd probably be dead without my three
teaspoonsful of cayenne pepper every day
(but sundays).

Michael (011)


to ati@etext.org
I'm trying to locate a Richard (Dick) Capelli who 
lived in Kenosha.  He would be about 60 years old.  
Do you know of him?
Carol (414)


Hi!
Please visit my (non-commercial) Y2K website:
  http://web2.airmail.net/jre850/y2k
   Did you know that the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank
System uses a pyramid scheme (Fractional Reserve
Accounts) that will collapse EVEN IF NO EQUIPMENT
FAILS if many depositors withdraw money as a
precaution?
    Did you know that PRECAUTIONARY STOCKPILING of food,
fuel, MEDICINES, etc., will cause shortages and big
price increases EVEN IF NO EQUIPMENT FAILS?
     Please visit -- Thanks!
Rick Reinckens  (404)


to ati@etext.org
Non capisco nulla di iglese ne capisco il perche di questa email?
No entiendo nada de todo esto, porche me llego esta email?
I don't speak english. I don't no why you send me this email?
Falcone Giuseppe (011)


To ATI:
10/20/98,   7:24:48 PM
Our clients are looking for Newsletter/Ezine Advertising!
If you publish a newsletter or ezine and offer advertising  
please list it free in our directory.  
http://www.onlinepromoter.com/ezine.htm
Thank You For Your Time.
Sean Landry  (202)


	     / - - - -/
	    / PRESS  /
	   /  ENTER /
	  / TO EXIT/
	 /- - - - /



(PAWN) LOS ANGELES 
 If independent counsel Kenneth Starr ever wants a
new job after investigating President Clinton, Hustler magazine
publisher Larry Flynt has just the position for him-adviser 
on pornography.
 "After a reading of the Starr report I am impressed by the 
salacious and voyeuristic nature of your work," Flynt wrote 
to Starr Wednesday offering him a job with his group that 
publishes magazines specializing in sexual subjects.
    "The quality and quantity of material you have assembled in 
the Starr report contains more pornographic references than 
those provided by Hustler Online services this month," 
his letter said.
    Flynt, who in the past has fought legal battles over 
pornography and freedom of speech, went on to praise Starr's 
report on Clinton that graphically describes the president's 
affair with his former White House intern Monica Lewinsky.
   "I congratulate you for having opened the doors of libraries 
and schools to pornographic literature," the publisher wrote. 
"Those of us at Hustler need your assistance in extending the 
parameters of pornography to a wider community of adults. 
You have opened a new era in promoting explicit sexual materials."
    By including such explicit references in his report to Congress 
that could form the basis for impeachmen proceedings against 
Clinton, Flynt said Starr has helped alter community standards 
in accepting pornography.
    In his letter, Flynt compared the Starr report with his own 
Hustler Online Magazine for its content. This month's magazine, 
for example, had 44 graphic references to genitalia, 
while the Starr report had 50, Flynt wrote.


-------------------------------
   ATI IS LIKE MENTAL FLOSS.
-------------------------------

STATE SET ON TALKS TO KEEP MIDEAST HARD
    
     prime anarchist world news

WASHINGMACHINE - The leaders of Ysrael and the Palace Indian
Authority now have to tackle the hardest job of all:
   Keeping Senator Glen Johnn alive in outer space.
   The key to success or failure could be whether a rich old man
can live without all the life-support advantages that the George
Washington University Hospital provide to people who make it in
the United States. 
   "Last week's protracted Wye River summit sucked worse than Barney,"
said Matchbox Pinfield 20, spokesman for Levit Strauss.
   "These talks are going to be not just tough," said White Haus
Artist Becko P. Shaq, MC. "Armageddon tough." MC further expounded that
Benjamin "Been Jammin'" Netanyahu makes him hard.
   Did somebody give Jackie Chan a new HMMWV? Or does he have to
keep driving around in the old one past warranty?
   Arafat risked the support of Arabs, Bill Clinton and Steve Tyler
to say "CLOSE THE FUCKING SCHOOL OF THE AMERICAS."
   "Unh, Uhh; na nah, na nah. Na nah, na nahhhhh" said Tyler, 
not wishing to miss a thing. 

   

  /  U R   /
 /WATCHING/
/ A T I  /


sTILL mORE sONG sPLICING. aN aTI sPECIALTY tHESE dAYS...

    YOU'RE STILL THE ONE
 by Shania "50 meters" Twaine            

Looks like we made it 
Look how far we've come my baby
We mighta took the cheat way 
We knew we'd get there someday

They said "I bet they'll never make it"
But just look at us swiping songs
We're still together splicing strong

CHORUS:
You're Still The One that can scratch my itch.
The one that I belong to which
Will write songs for me.
You're Still The One I feel for.
The one I steal songs for. 
You're Still The One I kiss good night.
You're still the one, that can scratch my itch.
Still the one writing lyrics which
Have no base in originality.



FROM A MOMENT
	   by Schtania Ibid.

>From this moment, the world looks blue and green.
With a hint of plagiarism.

>From this moment, song cartels
From-this-moment, "living-hell" musi-capitilism

Right beside you is where I belong
>From this distance on.
>From this moment, I have been streamed.
I live only for your technodreams
And for your love, I'd give my last harmony
>From this moment on.
I give my hand to you, with all my violence to art.

God is watching us,
God is watching us, 
God is watching us,
>From this moment.

Can't wait to live my life with you, 
Can't wait to hear from Julie Gold
You and I will never be apart
Unless of course you start looking old.

>From this moment, we are instruments
I will echo thru the land, I promise you this
There is nothing I wouldn't use
You're the reason I sing blues

God is watching us,
God is watching...
>From this moment.
All we need is just the two of us
Stealing songs of hope,     
Stealing songs of peace,
Stealing songs of every man.



LOOKING FOR THAT
NEW CAREER
WELL, IT MAY BE LOOKING
YOU RIGHT IN THE EYE.
This Location Is Now
Hiring Hourly Management.
We Offer:
Flexible Schedule
Free eals
Advancement 
Paid Vacations
Full Videotape Surveillance Of All Transactions.

   - - -  P R E S S  R E L E A S E - - -
CENSORED, featuring April Oliver and Jack Smith, 
the former CNN producers who were fired for their story about 
U.S. use of nerve gas in Laos; Gary Webb, former San Jose Mercury 
News reporter who exposed the CIA/Contra cocaine connection; 
and Erna Smith, SFSU Journalism Dept.; 
plus jazz by Bill Crossman.

TUES. Oct. 27, 7:30 p.m.
Mission Cultural Center, 2868 Mission Street, S.F.
$5 donation, no one turned away, childcare provided.
Sponsored by FireWorx, the Media Alliance & the SFSU Journalism Dept.

MAKING PAPER
    a song by Marco Capelli
http://marco.franklins.net

Am Dm7 Em7 (chorus)
Am - Dm7 Em7 Dm7 Am -  (verses)

Old newsprint endroll from my father's advertising field.
Construction paper for a cover to a book.
Autobiographical of me when I was nine.
Isn't it a wonder how much wonder that it took.

(ch) making paper rock, scissor and knife.
making paper all my life.
making paper rock scissor and knife.
making paper all my life.

High school diploma telling me I'm qualified.
Half a college education too to boot.
I can bring home money, take home paper just to spend.
Looking at my habits once a year is such a hoot.

Honorable discharge tells the story well.
Basically just kept my fat lip shut.
Never really got a chance to change the system that changed me.
I'm your over-qualified, over staffed, & over-economic slut.

Human rights means nothing here at pulp & paper mills. 
Midnite merger madness layoff kingpins seldom gave a shat.
6 buckin' shucks an hour
Toss your complaints into the vat.

(chorus after each verse like a hymn)


   ---<><><><><><>--- comments?: ati@etext.org ---<><><><><><>---

join the listserv?
send: subscribe ATI
as the entire message to:
listserv@intst.com


And in the end, we'll have a poem.
Shall we?
Lets.

State Capital
    by the votrix.

State Capitol.
Where the poor person squawks
The unfunded gawks
the toxic leader hawks.

And money talks.

Oh, and hecklers get their social security numbers run;
Then they're hunted, taunted, and jailed.






