em gniwollof yeht era yhw dna daed eht era ohw 

Kristmas in Konetiuk

My name is Mary.
I grew up thinking 
Christmas was my holiday.

Grtngs, nd wlcm t nthr episode of
As the Tide Ignites, issue 200.

the Special MM issue!

    AAAA     TTTTTTTT    IIIIIIII
   AAAAAA    TTTTTTTT    IIIIIIII
  AA    AA      TT          II
  AAAAAAAA      TT          II
  AA    AA      TT          II
  AA    AA      TT       IIIIIIII
  AA    AA      TT       IIIIIIII
    activist times, incorporated!!!
        a weekly cybernote.

I'm prime anarchist and this is the 
numbers run for somewhere between Friday
and Saturday - 9912312002 and 0000000000

#'s 

http://www.duke.edu/~jnn/mountain_goats/beans.html
www.aidoh.dk/news_releases/pos/brazil/ukposbrazilnews02.htm
http://www.nytimes.com/reuters/technology/tech-hackers-computer.html
http://community.webtv.net/madrugada/MELANIESafkaThe
http://www.truthinmedia.org/Columns/Drang.html
http://cosmos.lod.com/~ati/plagiarist.html
http://members.aol.com/apoetspen/webbibl.htm
http://users.javanet.com/~neutopia/index.html
http://www.internetworkers.com/joke/anarch.htm
http://www.softwear-tnt.com/justplainfunny.html
http://www.u.arizona.edu/~travisk/links.html
http://people.delphi.com/vlorbik/zine.html
http://www.kukluxklan.org/aberace.htm
http://www.crowdedtheater.com
http://www.simondaniels.com
http://altern.org/kittyglitter
http://mrshowbiz.go.com/games/linked
http://www.geocities.com/~annabella
http://members.aol.com/berrymanp
http://www.theslot.com
http://www.ecoecho.org
http://www.zolatimes.com
http://www.dsl.org
www.JimLord.to

  (A)(C)(T)(I)(V)(I)(S)(T)  (T)(I)(M)(E)(S)

---- -- ------- -- ---- -- ---
Send us LETTUCE or leaf me be.
---- -- ------- -- ---- -- ---

[One of our only LETTUCE this week is in the 
form of a posting to a list I'm part of...]

to ati@etext.org
I'm getting this out quick, and don't have time for 
making sure everything is pretty...
The Falls Fest has been relocated to TORQUAY from Lorne 
(in AUS) for safety reasons.
If the relocation goes well, and everything is set up 
right, there will be a LIVE WEBCAST starting at (US) 
EST 7:40 AM, PST 4:40 AM. Dec. 31.
If you're awake now....get to bed, set your alarm.
the page is at:
http://www.kick-art.com.au
Happy New Year, everybody
OH, and I just downloaded Yahoo Messenger, in case 
anyone is interested, but I won't be on tonight other 
than to get this out.
 -Pat-

=>=<=

Did yeah hear?
Apparently us up here in canada are evil folks.  
Yep, just heard it on the news.   Canada poses 
a threat to the evil empire of the US by letting 
terrorits walk among us.  It seems that our policys 
of open immigration are causing an environment in 
which visable minoritys can become un-noticed.  
  This poses a threat cuz all them non-white 
people are prone to terrorism.  A white guy would 
never do that sorta thing, as we alll know we are 
above that.  What? The Oklahoma (excuse my spelling 
I don't care enough to look in a dictionary or map) 
City bombing. 
  Well I'm sure that a black guy was involved.  
  I guess we never really mean it.  Silly us, let 
people in that are not like us.  Treat them with 
some respect.  Maybe provide some commie, medical 
care to everyone...  Yes what idiots we were.  
  Kaspian

=>=<=

>The best part was
>knowing that for the moment, everyone believes
>in me. And even the ones who don't? Well for
>the moment, even they do too. Yeah!
    Yes Virginia, there is a Prime Anarcist.  
    I believe in you too P.A.!!!
    Akira 

=>=<=

to @ati@etext.org
ATI Rules!!
Don't forget spontaneous combustion 
as a form of self-help trancsendence.
  Beth

=>=<=

Hello,
I just visited your web page
 ATI, Activist Times, Inc.
and wondered if you'd like to trade links.
My site is http://members.spree.com/writer
  Thank you & Best of Luck,
  Leslie Blanchard
  Editor
http://www.topica.com/lists/bearcalls

  (A)(C)(T)(I)(V)(I)(S)(T)  (T)(I)(M)(E)(S)

     TH'INFAMOUS PRIME ANARCHIST PUBLISHERS COLUMN
"We now invite you to sit back, relax and enjoy the flight."
  I remember being told to sit forward, the words were
"seatbacks," "upright," and "position," but I swear, I
don't remember being instructed to stress or disenjoy
the flight.

In a DC9, or at least this one, 
your choices are 
A or B or FED.
   Hmmm...
  What all are you paying for these days? 
 First class is no longer all that. It's the same as
coach if you ask me, just further up. Price and position.
 Status? Bah. Not further up in status.
  Only difference I see is they get you drunk cheaply but
   at your hidden expense.

.you'll tolerate this? 2 percent of ATMs are down everyday.
  A "fact" CNN throws out. "If you go up to 30 ATMs, 
chances are one will be not working," says some expert
talking head. Hmmm. .for all his education, credibility
and work experience! Ummm. Who does HIS math???
Does anyone but me care??
  Come fly Northwest for peanuts!
  Nelson Peltz, chairman of Triarc, who owns Arby's, Royal
Crown, and Snapple, bought Mariah Carey's mansion for 20.5
million dollars, and sometime afterwards it burned to the
ground. Faulty wiring, the firefighters say. It was vacant
and no one was hurt? Ummm. Where have I heard this before?
  I wonder if it was insured for 10 million, 40 million, or
200 million, or was it honestly 20? Hmm. Not that I think
anything's fishy or anything, but it IS on the ocean...
  Monsanto, Pharmacia and Upjohn will merge right after the
year. Never knew PharmaCIA, but Monsanto and Upjohn??? Is
there anything left to be bought or sold?
  Mickey Rooney for Valueguard life insurance. Is that 
Jim Palmer's main competitor?
  A music box and some chocolates got detonated yesterday
when authorities thought it might be a mailbomb. I remember
a couple holidays ago they did the same thing to a Nintendo
in a suitcase on it's way to a child. BOMB SNIFFING DOGS, 
now that's the catch phrase of the millenium!
  When I mention this to people they say "happens all the time,
why, just the other day I..." and then recount stories they've 
heard about people they know who've been reimbursed poorly 
after BOMB SNIFFING DOGS opted to make the signal. If this 
is such a common happenstance these days now, and reimbursment 
IS so poor, can't we find some way to biopsy a package or 
suitcase BEFORE destroying the contents & WITHOUT violating 
anyone's rights? Sawdust in a spectrum analyzer - I question 
the human rights of that!
   I brought RAM chips on the plane with me this time. Do you
think I put it in my luggage? NO! A gigbag on my shoulder 
and you bet your bippy I broke out the envelope and showed 
them like it was pictures of my girlfriend or something. See?
This is my pride and joy. Just wanted you to know they'll be
travelling with me.
   "There is a balm, in Gilead, to make the wounded whole..."
Connecticut. Christmas. Let's talk about Lou Bega.
Regis and Kathy Lee. I love Mambo #5, don't get me wrong.
I think he's a great recording engineer, but I must tell
him the same thing I'd tell Cher to her face. Boy can't sing.
Never mind flat, never mind off. It's a voice that just lacks 
tone, "pleasingness," compassion. An "umph." They've clearly
added in some kind of "je ne c'est quoi" electronically that
wasn't there in front of a live studio audience. Because it
just wasn't "there." Or was he just nervous? I'll reserve 
judgement. I must say though, before considering him a great.
Have you ever heard Trini Lopez? Have you heard James Taylor?
  "What did your parents do?" asks Kathy Lee,
"Nothin! Nuthin really, just music."
Thank you Kathy. OK. Either way. 

Digital enhancement's that heavenly product,
Heavenly product, heavenly product.
Digital en...
Better singin' voice, a millionaire's 
Money can't, buy.

OPEN LETTER TO MONTEL:
  Please refute this -
  "Dumb - Locked in a closet for 10 years."
  Sela Ward?

  Michael Jordon's sprays perfume on Rosie telling 
her he enjoyed the movie "The Matrix." Ah, talk show
television at its best.
  Lord, keep me from EVER having to offer an appearance
on Ricky Lake or Montell in exchange for meth money!

Monika! First handbags, now Jenny Craig. What next??? 
"Let's see, there's gotta be a way to make a buck or 
two here in all this sin. "I'm Monika Lewinki for the
Money Store...if you need alone..."
  WAFFLING HOUSE : Kennedy Political Union.
It's phunny watching Pat Robertson quoting Zbignew
Brzinski (did I spell it right??) for his newest needs 
lecturing on C-Span at American University. Wasn't
Robertson one of the earliest ones complaining about 
Brzinski's role in Trilateralist NWO conspiracies?
  Well, here's another Half-Moon ATI. Did you see all the
stars?
  In this issue, we don't mention Ron Harris putting
models' eggs for sale on the internet.
  We don't pick on George Bush JR's drug habits, and 
there's nothing bragging how many awards we won - and guess
what else there's none of? Victoria Fuller, Nicole Newman,
Natasha or Misty Lee-McFern eating french fries.

#p#r#i#m#e#



BARBARIANS IN THE CLASSROOM
  by Patrick Moore
  Chief Executive Officer of Glovaroma, LLC.
  Makers of Slurm Cola since 1804.

Imagine if you will: you enter your classroom. Your homeroom teacher
calls the class to order. Roll is called, then your teacher tells you 
to look at the TV screen in front of the classroom. The show starts,
introduced by a teenage boy, appropriately attired for the era, and a
thin, seemingly vibrant young woman. "Wow! TV during school hours,"
you think. After a few minutes of chatter, you're invited to taste the
colors of the rainbow. "How can I do that?", you wonder. Eat candy. Some
more chatter occurs, then you see Michael Jordan reaching new athletic
heights. "It's the shoes", the ad proclaims. The boy and girl return,
wrap things up...until tomorrow.

This is no odd dream. This is the way a typical school day starts 
for approximately eight million teenagers, grades 7-12. The program 
in question is Channel One, a daily program shown in 40% of American
schools.

Channel One has drawn fire in recent years not only for its program
content, but also for the main part of the Channel One broadcast: two
minutes of commercials per program per school day. Until recently, 
few outside of Channel One schools actually see the program.

Channel One began in 1989 as the brainchild of Chris Whittle, a former
advertising executive. Whittle found a way to tap into a huge market:
teenagers. By leasing (not donating) schools TV's, satellite equipment,
and VCR's, plus mandating that almost all schoolkids view the program,
advertisers were eager to become the teen marketing revolution.

The early 1990's saw Channel One keep a low profile in the public arena.
In fact, the National PTA was one of the first teacher's group to come
out against Channel One, a position it still holds today. In fact, the
NPTA asked Whittle to dismantle Channel One. Nonetheless, in 1994,
Channel One was purchased by K-III Communications (now Primedia). K-III
is more than 80% owned by KKR (Kohlberg, Kravis, and Roberts), an
investment firm notorious for hostile takeovers. In fact, the movie
"Barbarians At The Gate" is based on their takeover of RJR Nabisco. 
(RJR is, of course, R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, infamous because 
of their "Joe Camel" ads for cigarettes.) Then a little thing called 
the Internet took off...

In its sales pitch to potential advertisers, Channel One claims "We have
the undivided attention of millions of teenagers for 12 minutes a day."
It also caught the "undivided attention" of Jim Metrock, a retired CEO
from Birmingham, Alabama. Spurred into action by an incident in nearby
Jasper where a housewife named Pat Ellis was trying to remove Channel
One due to a story about then-Surgeon General Joycelyn Elders' plan to
legalize drugs, and Obligation, Inc. was born. Under pressure from
parents and community leaders, Channel One was removed in July 1995.

HIGH PRIESTS OF HARMFUL MATTER

Channel One's advertisements, to make a long story short, drive home to
impressionable teens several points: 
  1) You're ugly. 
  2) Greed is good.
  3) Things are more important than people. 
  4) Happiness is only achieved thru owning the latest fad. 
  5) Wealth equals happiness. 
It should be no surprise that demand for Nike shoes and fad fashions 
get so out of hand that kids are actually being held up at gunpoint 
for the shoes off their feet or the clothes off their backs. Nor 
should it surprise anyone that many young girls become bulimic or 
anorexic if the "thin is in" message is repeated enough. This last 
message is sardonically pointed out in a parody ad at the AdBusters 
website: a young, skinny woman, with her back to the camera, clutches 
her stomach as she kneels over a toilet bowl. The caption mirrors a 
popular fragrance ad: "Obsession For Women".

Their "partners", the advertisers, are frequently junk food companies
that want to prey on teen audiences. Slogans like "Hungry? Why wait?" or
"Have It Your Way" are thrown at kids. High-calorie fast food is treated
as healthy sustenance while real, nutritious foods rarely get mentioned.

DEALS WITH THE DEVIL (OR MARILYN MANSON)

Channel One frequently partners with financially-strapped schools to
peddle its ads to kids. Many school boards, when faced with reduced
revenues, often turn to corporate sponsors for help. The catch: many
companies demand "exclusive" representation at the school. And some want
to use school buses as advertising vehicles (pun intended) as well.
Plans were underway in California and Mississippi to put soft-drink ads
on school buses. The plans were rejected on safety grounds.

Conservative efforts to bolster corporate welfare and so-called
"school-choice" (a mechanism where taxpayer money goes to fund
non-public schools) initiatives frequently leave schools underfunded,
and, more often than not, wide open for corporate exploitation.

This approach is not unlike a wild animal: 
hunt down the weakest and conquer.

FIGHTING CHANNEL ONE

Obligation's website, http://www.obligation.org is a treasure trove of
information for those seeking to eliminate commercialism from public
schools. AdBusters magazine also has a site at http://www.adbusters.org, 
and the Center for Commercial-Free Public Education's website offers 
tips on activism, and devotes a goodly portion to Channel One.

   -30-


  : If you purchased this ZINE without :
  :  a cover, you should be aware that :
  : you are holding OPP, stolen props. :
  :  (of course if you purchased this  :
  : ZINE AT ALL, you are being ripped) :



DATELINE - US submarines make worthwhile waste of US tax dollars
for the first time in history.

[PAWN] by marco. 
Not so special to Prime Anarchist World 
News anymore.

     One sub sits in Auckland experiencing the first moments of
two milleniums at the same time; while another sits in Oakland
discussing dialects.
     "I can assure you we were the only ones at 400 feet below 
the surface to experience it," said the commanding officer, 
Mark Patton (no relation) of Cheyenne, Wyo. 
     The 360-foot-long sub, which was 2,100 miles from Honolulu, 
Hawaii, straddled the equator at the same time, meaning it was 
in both the northern and southern hemispheres. "Ovah they-ah," and
"y'all" were uttered at the exact same time for all the world to
hear tonite, according to RealSonyAudio corporation spokespersons.
  Some of the 130 crewmembers were in winter in the north, while 
others were in summer in the south. Many took small water samples
to keep as momentos, the Navy said. Meanwhile the sailors in 
Oakland were taking urine samples to get ready to pull guard duty
tasked at New Years eve celebrations around Sanfran and LA now
that the Space Needle has been cancelled.
  "Words can't describe the feeling," said Lt. Michael Bratton of 
Little Rock, Ark., "It's better than Times Square; it's twice as
good - no I take it back it's Times Square squared!" 
 
[PAWN]
LIMERICK, Penn. - Five Irish poets shut down a Pennsylvania
Nuclear Power Plant for 35 minutes this morning. The bards
say this "unusual event" had nothing to do with Y2K.
  It was declared a "UE," (unusual event, or yooie) the 
least serious emergency class at a nuclear power plant. 
The 2am shutdown occurred when a security guard ordered 
DiGiorno pizza, which as you know, makes things very difficult 
for Irish and Italian people to agree on. Limerick Unit 2 failed, 
company spokesman Neil McMalley said, and suddenly people were
telling dirty jokes everywhere, which naturally led to ribald 
poetry. 
  "There once was a transformer non-nuke," said Paddy 
Tinman, firewatch commandante. "whose equipment used to 
increase the voltage, which caused the raw sewage to
spewk, and all of the workers to puke; sending joltage 
out to all of the power grid." Pablo Donnetelly beat him
senseless insisting it wasn't a proper limerick, and it
was Tinman's inability to speak coherantly without wire
in his jaw that caused the unusual event.
  The 1,100-megawatt generating unit will be out of service 
until all of the employees have passed a test on poetic forms
such as vilanelle, sonnet, limerick and roundelay, he said. 
  McMalley said the problem was not premeditated, pontificated,
regurgitated, or Y2K-related. 


OP ED - ONIONPINION, OH PINON
  "you got a 28 share," says Rosie O'Donnell crashing the Regis
and Kathy Lee show. "I went to Tower Records and bought you 28
Chers." Hands Regis 28 copies of Cher's album.
  Now, the thing I've admired about Rosie is the lack of lies.
I love her singing voice, but can't stand her speaking voice OR
her personality. But her truthfulness; can't be beat.
You know the kind. She got (oh who was it? Sher Crow? Alanis?
not important) someone, to admit while asking "the last CD you
bought" that really one of the things she never does anymore
that she kind of misses is buy her own products in stores.
  "You know - had someone go get you one..." 
  "yeah." 
  Admit it. A formal apology isn't due the viewing public, 
Rosie. We'll deal with them later. For now you owe ME an
apologia, Rosie. Me and everyone else who's been behind the
curtain but doesn't reside there. Yeah, one foot out, one foot
in. The "knowing." "The Undead." "The Enlightened," Rosie. You
owe us an apology. The disillusioned. You didn't  *GO*  to
Tower Records, you  *SENT*  someone. Someone like me perhaps,
we procured them for you. You thank people like me in liner
notes, when you receive awards. All the "little people." 
And we're pissed, Rosie. Say it. SAY IT! 
  "I   *SENT*   someone to Tower Records." Say it Rosie.
You owe us. Say it!!
  It's time. Time for absolute honesty. Say it Rosie. Say it!
I don't mind you stealing all my left-over money entertaining
me. The Gypsies did it in the 20s and 30s. Bob Hope did it
in the 40s, 50s and 60s. Hookers did it in the 70s and 80s.
OK Bob Hope did it in the 80s too... and the 90's.
  But at least be up front about it. 
  Honesty, Rosie. Let me like you again!


    NORTHWEST AIRLINES PRESENTS
THE PLANTERS (tm)   B A G   O F   P E A N U T .
NUTRITION FACTS: SERVING SIZE .0001
CALORIES 80. FAT CAL. 50, FIBER .001 G.
SUGARS .03 G. PROTEIN HAHAHAHA!!! VITAMIN .003
DAILY VALUES ARE BASED ON A 57 CALORIE DIET
   INGREDIENTS: PEANUT, SUGAR, SALT.


HOLD ONTO YOUR LUNCH
  (special PAP - prime anarchist productions - expose)

The Y2K old white calendar men of the Scottish Rite Supreme
Council for Northern Masonic Jurisdiction, USA are as follows: 
.1 John Phillip Sousa
.2 John Glenn JR
.3 Clark Gable
.4 Paul Revere
.5 Luther Burbank
.6 John Pershing
.7 Avery Bundage
.8 Chris "Kit" Carson
   "...one of the most dependable and skillful guides in the
early West. Although he was born in Kentuk, his family moved
to Missur, and Kit grew up in Indian Territory. Before he was
20 he had made his first trip across the plains to NM. He 
later conducted expeditions through the Rocky Mountains. 
He was instrumental in bringing about treaties between the
Indians and the US. Kit Carson was a member of Montezuma Lodge
No. 109, NM. Carson City Nevada, is named for him as is Carson
Lodge No. 1, Nevada."
   [-- ummm... you people left a couple fairly important things 
    out in there, you know --]
.9 Walter Chrysler
.0 Tyrus "Ty" Cobb
.1 James Garfield
.2 William Gilbert / Arthur Sullivan.


 / / / / / 
^^^^^^^^thorazine: 
Ritalin 4 adults?

12/31/99 9:45 am. My post office just ran out of 
Millenium stamps. "guess we didn't buy enough."
  Gee, what's that say???

PENSIVEPERSPECTIVEPENSIVEPERSPECTIVETHINKINGREFLECTINGPENSIVE
  Millenium Mirror.
Are you pensive at the millenium? I am...
    AN OPEN LETTER TO YOU, 
    from Mark Weisenheimer.
    Business editor of ATI.

..not a blue pensive, more like a reflecting thinking.
All the good and bad at the same time. I'm listening
to the 3 or 4 cassettes I've saved from my answering 
machine from when I was into saving things like that. 
   Well, I see it like this. If you're not thinking,
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?
  Look, our ability to reflect is what seperates us from
animals, right? One of the only things?? Well there's
garbage. Among others. And does it seperate us really?
Or does it bring us closer to being almost as "high" as
some of the plants and animals that really ARE above us
in the food chain, "great chain of being" and all that?
   Oh, I'm also putting in a new "accordion window" for
my wallet. You know, out with the old, in with the new.
Pictures, chuck useless business cards, add in new useless
ones with useful ones by people named Reba, Joanne, Larry
and Chuck. Intersperse some new poems between the pics to
keep any "sharing times" more conversational.
   A friend of mine has a picture of Pride (tm) and Joy (tm)
so he really can say "wanna see my pride and joy?" before
showing you real pics of his kids. 
   I get to laugh at my juvenile social security signature,
you know -- the year we were first required... was it 74? 
72? I was so young and naive. So proud to be American - so
forward thinking. So sparkly-eyed. 
   How do you look back? Have a wonderful "first."
And here's to many more. [-lifts kenyan AA, Chiapan, 
Guatemalan blend to toast-]



DUDS AND THUDS - I can do it, watch me. The following movies'
developers are likely to fall on their face just by the nature
of their entrance into "I can do" movies.
Marily Manson, Courtney Love, Mariah Carey, Michael Jackson,
Alice Cooper and Ace Frehley. Although one or two of these 
may just do well by accident, huh? A la Rocky Horror or 
Blair Witch? Sure. And pigs fly. 
  Some do!

CHOICES
  a poem.
TV 10am
Judge Judy
Montel
Jerry Springer
Peoples Court
Leeza
Regis & Kathy Lee
Leeza again. (half hour off...)
Believers Voice of Victory
Regis & K.L. again...
Bombs and artillery at the workplace=-
-=is anybody still wondering why?
Missing these connections? 
Maybe you're too close?

YELLOW AGAINST GREEN
  another marco pome
    Dandelions are God's response 
        To man creating Him 
           In his image.


TOP SEARCH TERMS
   a found poem
   by marco

USA Today - Dec 29, 99

Christmas
           Pokemon
Britney Spears and Santa Claus
    Dragonball Z
WWF, Pamela Anderson
Play Station - Y2K
Poetry; Jennifer Lopez
Back Street Boys
NFL
   Toys
Marylin Star   -   South Park
DVD Final Fantasy Wrestling
    Elf bowling
  Mariah Carey
'N Sync          NASA
Publishers Clearing House
           Guns

     .CONSUMER ALERT. WARNING!.
   .CONSUMERS SHOULD IMMEDIATELY.
  .TAKE THE BALLS AWAY FROM CHILREN.
 .UNDER THE AGE OF 3. THEY SHOULD DIS.
.CARD THE BALL OR RETURN BOTH HALVES OF.
 .THE BALL TO A  .BK.  RESTAURANT 4 A.
  .FREE SMALL ORDER OF FRIES. CONSUM.
   .ERS MAY CONTINUE USING THE TOYS.
    .FROM INSIDE THE BALL'S HALVES.


We end this zine with an almost anagram, almost
haiku, almost pome thingie...


    ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
     ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^

Send anything to:
ati@etext.org

Go ahead, you know you wanna...

Get back issues of our Zine at:
http://www.angelfire.com/wi/kokopeli/cygnus.html

and remember the yiddish proverb, "a thousand
goats can tie down a watermelon..." 

ALMOST AN ANAGRAM:
Year Two Thousand /
A Year To Shut Down




