KEY OF 'A'
TIME 2:55
KEY CHANGE 'B'
KEY CHANGE 'C'
14 MEASURE INTRODUCTION


"Joe Lieberman is the real Al Gore."
  -Ralph Nader


ATTN: Sept 23 we'll begin "banned books week."

LIVE! From Glory Years Pub and Packer Pep-Rally
Place, it's ATI, Activist Times, I'm Luminous

 ]]]]]]]    ]]]]]]]]]]   ]]]]]]]]]]
]]     ]]       ]]           ]]
]]  I S]]S U E  ]] # 2 4 2   ]]
]]     ]]       ]]           ]]
]]]]]]]]]       ]]           ]]
]]     ]]       ]]           ]]
]]     ]]       ]] 0009171900]]hrs
]]     ]]       ]]           ]]
]]     ]]       ]]       ]]]]]]]]]]

Dedicated to baritone women who cover pop songs
at Kareoke nights all across the lands.


Ho! Hola! Kola. Ya Ah Teh!!! Mixing it up a bit, 
we break from tradition some and begin with a poem.

NO TITLE YET

Y'all got it all wrong man
Kokopeli ain't no Hopi flute player
Well, he may be
But this one's a little kid about 12
Name is Doug
Got a new clarinet out from school band
Just startin' out and he's
On the sidewalk wailin'
Dancin' a little
As he plays,
Red and black daypack
On his back.

And his clarinet in his hands!

Comes pretty natural
To the old spirit.
You can tell.


#'s (a short one. fire sale sold out quick...)
http://www.grilled-cheese.org/fruvous.htm
http://www.inet-one.com/cypherpunks
http://216.167.120.50/nav-net.htm
http://cryptome.org/cryptout.htm
http://www.northlandposter.com
http://www.slyway.com


LETTUCE FROM OUR HEADS

Hey Marco,
Glad to hear you escaped the fire unscathed, humor intact.  
  Still digging ATI.  Loved your music off the net too.  
  Forwarding you the Clan schedule for our annual Revive 
the Beauty Way tour in support of the folks at Big Mountain, 
AZ who are still facing forced relocation so the multinationals
can extract resources from beneath their sacred land.  
  Could we get back on your link list?  
http://www.clandyken.com.
ATI, it's indestructable.  Fireproof.  
  Could it be the back log of good karma?
What's up with the Pack?  Can't you get those guys 
straightened out? Perhaps you need to send your zine 
to packers.com.
Peace,
md
  [notas publisaris: re: link - you got it.
                     re: pack - there's no straightening
   favre OR the rest. Sorry. We made it by three today if
   that helps.       re: digging ATI. thanks!!!]


Fire!?! Really?? At crossroads? If i was droning away at work 
right now i'd really be stuck on that as a metaphor.
etangb


   OPEN  LETTER  TO  MCCAIN     A N D    GOLDBERG
  Stop right there - you gotta know right now.
Before we go any further. Censoring music to "10-yr-olds"
is your "partial birth abortion." I see it as nothing
less than a ploy.
  You know that american people will not like censorship
OF ANY KIND. Period, end of paragraph. You are trying to
ATTACK the american people where they are most vulnerable.
  Their fear that their kids'll be hurt.
  When you open this can of worms, and I believe you will,
just from watching you all behave lately. When you let this
genie out of the bottle, I'm telling you right now. Every-
single-thing-else is going to come out.
  Goldberg, your refusal to entertain a healthy compare and
contrast - pre-hitler germany to 21st century united states
is going to kill us.
  And McCain, your doublespeak, and carefully picked
propaganda in both print and televised media is exactly what
I demand we compare and contrast.
  Frightened,
  Marc Frucht


MUSICAL BREAK
17 MEASURES



"You mean to tell me that after 22 years 
I got a #1 record?"
  -Meat Loaf a.k.a. Marvin Lee Aday recognizing
   that if you throw half a billion at just about
   anything besides the Colombian military you are
   guaranteed success.




Howard Mechanic Dateline
   raw notes by the anarchist

This should have aired in April.

gary tredway
shaker heights part of cleveland.
66 washington u   st louis
public service law.
"well, the late 60's happened."
67 nixon: this is not an invasion of cambodia
00 clinton: there is no military agenda for colombia
  carol lipshytz for pledge grabbit, disposable mop.
Talk about your suspension of disbelief! I was so
enthralled in this story, and sensitized from watching
so little tv the past few weeks, that when the show's
first commercial began I was still in the show.
"Hey, she's not a credible witness, she's not being
interviewed, she's not even wearing the right clothes."
  Why would I want Nicorette? I'm thinking of STARTING
smoking now that the major companies are considering
only having the natural amount of nicotine in their
plants. All I have to hear is they've gone completely
organic and it's Pall Malls for me, pal.
Tempe, just outside Phoenix.
73 healthfood convention in san diego. china and back.
ingrid gold. marriage 1980
helped the homeless, gave to charity.
sounds like barry freed (abbie) up in thousand islands.
[comment] 5 years jail would have him missing thanksgiving 
for sure. That seemed to be a big issue for stone phillips' 
assistant. Almost as big as missing the mom's funeral.
Newspaper columns.
97-98 voicing opinion against corporate welfare.
annie the reporter, (I missed her name, poop on me, some
columnist, eh?) faced a dilemma tougher than many Dan Rather
or Peter Arnet have every hit into. Be a "good person or a
good reporter." Wow, sometimes you can overlap the two.
But with Howard, this is a fork in the road for sure.
josh mankowitz is the "assistant."
ah, penny overton (not annie. heard wrong)
drops out of the race. says he had lukemia. what would you
do? What IS the right thing? I think I would do the 5 years.
But I can empathise with Mechanic bigtime. And I have to be
candid and say, I honestly don't know what IS the right 
thing in his precise situation.
"most journalists believe 'the truth will set you...'"
Bullshit. That's carved in stone above CIA headquarters.
THEY live that myth. Journalists aren't looking for freedom.
Real journalists are after real truth all by itself.
"Journalists" are after balanced perspective, balanced
news, brevity and clarity. A bunch more good myths for you.
Had I never talked with Leonard Peltier on speakerphone, had
I not been Abbie Hoffmans cousin by marriage, I'd probably 
have an easier time jumping to sides on this issue.
Kogan can't forgive himself. Mechanic sits in jail for 
something Reagan pardoned Kogan for.
Clinton should sentence Kogan and Mechanic to 30 years of
community service. Or better yet, he should use some of the
same executive privilege abuse he's committed in Colombia
and give Mechanic, Peltier and Mumia Abu Jamal full pardons
either right now, or at least after Gore and Bush are done
acting like Mexico's PRI.
 [-cynical moment:] Flight, and identity fraud? Let's see. 
Is the passport an army doc? How about falsifying government 
docs? Let's blame him for all of Citicorpse's and Chase's
missing bucks from the past 70 years. Especially the ones he 
had nothing to do with. I know, let's see if we can pile up 
just about every unsolved crime there ever was in the 
continental US. I know; let's add so many new complications 
between now and when his 5 years are up that no one'll ever 
know what to do with the guy.
Do I sound cynical? Like I've said repeatedly since I was 
about 11. I know too much. Sorry.
 [/-cynical moment:]
 marco

1300 votes for city council. Hmmm. Something to think about!


P R I M E   A N A R C H I S T ' S    C O L U M N

LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING ABOUT BANNED BOOKS WEEK
  By the Prime Anarchist

Back in my army days there was this place I used to
hang out a few hours at a time whenever I wanted
to go about as AWOL as you can possibly go without
jail time. 
  It was a great place to do this because anyone else
who caught me there during those hours would no doubt
be doing the same thing, no matter what rank he or she
was. In fact, on three different occasions I saw the
Colonel who was in charge of my entire unit in there
and he said nothing more than "PFC Anarchist, fancy
meetin' you here."
  "Yes sir," I'd say or something about as short,
"Good to see you again, good day, sir." and I'd pretend 
to be in a big huge hurry to get to whatever other part
of the same place I'm trying to get. He would be doing
the same, probably thinking to himself. "What a smart
young man. I'm glad to see he's working at stuff."
  Once I even had the two-star general who was in charge
of all of us (even the colonel) come in and he happened
to recognize me because I was the picture-taker at the
big huge ceremony we wasted bringing him to our base
in the first place.
  "PFC Anarchist," he said, snapping me right to position
of parade rest trying to decide if I should even salute
him there inside that place. I chose not to. He didn't
flinch about it. "Fancy meetin' you here," he said just
like my colonel. Funny, what a place like this does to
you. "Yes sir," I said. "How are you today, sir? Nice
weather we are having, huh, sir." 
  "Good to go, son," I remember him saying. "Keep up
your studies, PFC, you'll go far in this world." And he
moved on. Probably terrified his wife might find out he
went there instead of Wendy's or McDonalds for lunch.
  This place? Well I'll tell you in a second. It might
surprise you.
  "WE HERE AT THE ____ STRONGLY OPPOSE CENSORSHIP
OF ANY KIND, AND IN HONOR OF BANNED BOOKS WEEK, ARE 
PROUD TO TELL YOU THAT WE'VE DONE EVERYTHING WE CAN
TO KEEP CENSORSHIP, BLACKLISTS AND BANS AS FAR FROM
OUR ____'S AGENDA AS WE CAN."
  You might think this was the bookstore just off
of the base, or perhaps a magazine stand inside the PX
that crawled a fine line keeping its contract but just
had to say something once a year or something.
  Contrary, this is an instution embedded just as 
deeply inside military installations as it is anywhere
else including public schools, colleges, and even private
organizations around the continental united states.
  This place I hung around the get the hell away from
military things in the middle of an army day when I
sometimes just had to go bonkers and take about as much
of a risk as I can?
  I would tell my company I was doing a task for another
company, and I would tell the other company I was about
to do a task for them but don't have the right things so
I'll have to be back later, (kind of like asking if you
can have dinner over Larry's house because mom's having
liver, but Larry's mom's having liver too, so you just
go over Cassandra's house and eat whatever's in her mom's
fridge. Usually yesterday's mac-n-cheese or tuna casserole
but I digress)
  So off I would go on my mountain bike fully dressed in my
uniform with my black gigbag on my back that I usually use
to carry photojournalism equipment for the weekly newspaper
or weightlifting gear to change into in the nearest gym for
some official "lose two or three pounds." for the army work.
(another place I would go to get away sometimes with full
permission)
  Off I would go on my mountain bike to a one-story building 
dead center of the entire base. The only thing centered better 
than this building was the general's offices, or perhaps the 
bar where his 17-year-old daughter used to try and get me to 
buy her drinks and touch her leg. Not even the church was 
centered better than this building. And to be honest with 
you, a couple times I went here to get away from the general's 
daughter too. She was kind of dumb to be honest with you, 
and it was a sure bet this was NOT a place she'd say,
  "Oh, yeah. Good idea, mind if I tag along?" Why did I want 
to get away from such a young specimen with like a 32 inch 
bust and even better hips?
  Exactly the reason I'd perhaps WANT to stay. She makes you
very very very horny, and that's a really bad thing for two
reasons isn't it? Well three things. 
  1) she's the general's daughter
  2) you're 24 years old and she's 17!
  3) and worse off, you're an e-3. That's bad form.
  OK, so you tell this 17-year-old-girl with cleavage that
could smother an entire campfire, "Oh, look at the time. I
have to get to the library really quick. I'll see you soon,
ok?"
  Yupper, the library. The army base library claims to be
anti-censorship. Every year I was stationed there during 
banned books week, they'd have those signs up and it sounded
sincere enough, but besides being PFC Prime Fucking Anarchist, 
I'm also a bit of a cynic. So I march in there this particular 
time, thinking, "We'll see about this." I fully doubted their 
sincerity. Let me take this opportunity to say I'm sorry. No, 
not for using the f-word. I'm pretty sparing about it, and I
always use it in perfect context.
  I'm sorry that I doubted their effort for a millisecond.
  "Do you have 'Steal This Book' by Abbie Hoffman?" I've got 
'em there, I'm sure.
  "No, but we have 'steal this urine test' which he published with
John Silver in 1987," the librarian said, seeming completely out
of character for her GS-5 or 7 or whatever she must be to have
her career.
  OK. Must be a fluke. I try a few more. "How about 'In Search Of
Enemies' by John Stockwell who quit the CIA and wrote the most
anti-marines, anti-us government, anti-cia spanking ever done 
before that?"
  Thought for sure I had her. They wouldn't have even TRIED
to order THAT one. 
  "The publisher has yet to ship that," she said, "But we do have
'On The Run' by Phillip Agee who certainly wasn't as high up as
Stockwell, but he quit a lot earlier."
  "Wow," I thought AND told her at the same time. I was almost
proud of these people. Or is it some kind of a ruse? "I'm sure
you don't have Mother Jones, Progressive or Nation Magazine who
the military would insist is just leftist trash."
  "Well," she said. "Where to begin. We have two, Mojo and Nation,
but there's two things that are completely banned onpost, and
there's nothing we can do about it. But I've ordered both every
single year just to watch them reject 'em." She went on to inform
me that Progressive has been formally banned from every base
since publishing the diagram of how to build an H-Bomb back in
the 50's, and they've officially banned every single thing to do
with Jane Fonda. Nothing - biographies, news, or even her exercise 
videos. You'll have to buy that "contraband" offbase and smuggle 
it past every single amnesty box, taking your life in your own 
hands. Or Jane's legs, take your pick. [no I'm not horny this
moment but I sure did wake up that way. Sorry, I'll try to slow
down, I know a lot of teens, schoolgirls and people who drink
sodas from japan with XXX on their label read Activist Times
Zine. Have been since the 80's!!! And frankly I don't want to 
lose any of ya.](but again, I digress. Bad habit, huh?)
  Anyhew, Jane Fonda really is banned so bad they can send out 
money for her books and they'll get Gloria's Thighmaster or 
something instead.
  In fact, I'll bet if Time ever declares Ms. "I'm Not" Fonda as
their "Man Of The Year" you'll have to skip a week of your onpost
subscription!
  Needless to say, the base library doesn't have Jane Fonda's
twenty three exercise videos or Prevention magazine, I mean 
Progressive. But they've made every effort to have everything else
they possibly can forever available to any soldier or sailor who
wants to keep up with their "you'll go far in this world," studies.
  This is one of the main things that run through my head every 
year about this time when "Banned Books Week," comes around, now
that I'm free again.
  Glad I could share this with you. I was Prime Anarchist and 
this was my column for 11 hundred hours, this 000915.
  -prime-
Oh, ps: for a little more about the general's daughter you can
read my journal poem 9 at:
http://www.etext.org/Zines/ASCII/ATI/journal.txt
[She's "composited" in between the army wife and the 
"10-year-old-rocker-chick"]


MUSICAL BREAK
30 MEASURES (Like a Meatloaf song)



 I would like to thank Mr. Dupri, Casey, Casey and Cox; Dupri,
DaBrat, and Cox; Tremonti and Stapp; Barry, Burns, McNally and
Thornally; Mosley, Garrett, Martin, Carlson, Jerkins, Jerkins, 
Daniels and Mason; Lacy, Matkosky, Hampson, Perez, Aberg, Rein, 
Deiken, Farr, Blackmon, Dawkins, and Roche.
 And I can't leave out Gist, Berkeley, Huggar, Thomas, Skinner
and Williams; Ferrell, Nelly and Epperson; Arnold, Roberts,
Harrell and Thomas; Jordan, Crawford, Hudson, Moore, Elliott,
Knowles, Harris and Lewis.
 Household names, right? Yeah. I'll bet these ring a bell 
right away. C'mon. You know. These are the men and woman who 
wrote 1-30 of the top 100 pop songs for this week.
 Oh, no! Say it ain't so, Joe. You mean Sisqo and Christina
and Leann and Aaliyah? They didn't write their own? No way.
And Lil Bowwow and Pink, Sting and 98 Degrees, N Sync and
Toni Braxton don't write their own stuff? OK. Sting does.
And Matchbox 20. I think there's about 3 more I can see
including Christina Aguilera who wrote a minute or two 
of their own music. But as you can figure out from this 
list the industry's not really very interested in anything 
new, different or inspired. I mean, they'll figure out a 
way to compress it maybe and tolerate some from one or 
two artists, max. But overall? They need nubile little 
cherubs both male AND female to fill up with that lukewarm
demon semen that they call "music."
 I'll end this missive with a short tiny focus on
"Come On Over Baby, (All I Want Is You)" Christina
Aguilera's position 11 try at a top hit. OK. She
apparently wrote this with 9 middle aged white men.
Now how on earth do 10 people write a song??? I mean
does each person push a key down with one finger?
Here, you touch that black one, I'll tickle the
whitey.


         /\-----/
        /ending/
       /----\-/


Alright, on a postive note.
  Dar Williams is listed in last week's Billboard in
the "Popular Uprisings" section as a regional
"heatseeker."




send all sendmail to:
   ati@etext.org

Find the webpages somewhere near:
http://www.thepentagon.com/primeanarchist

  "Quietly now while I turn the page,
   Act 1 is over without costume change,
   The principal would like to leave the stage,
   The crowd
     Don't             --Rod Stewart
       Under
         Stand."