LIVE! FROM THE FOX SKYBOX OF CHICAGO'S O'HARE
INTERNATIONALITY HAIRPORT IT'S ATI! Activist
Transworld Illinois. Issue 235? 236? ("Away 
from home ya just nevah know" fix it later...)



235             300700       
        ,
  _    ||   '     happy
 < \, =||= \\      hippy,
 /-||  ||  ||       hooha's
(( ||  ||  ||        eh?
 \/\\  \\, \\         Now
                       you're talkin!

   WHAT IS THE SOUND OF ONE HAND PRAYING?
                    [ask a mastermason]


Hey Al Gore, gotta ask you again...
  I suppose now's not a good time to bring up HR2911, huh?


Greeting, I'm prime, and this is the 'zine for
Monday: the thirty onest of July.
  AND NOW AN ATI RANTICLE -
"Miss Delgado, miss Sylvia Delgado. There is a message
FOR you."
  Airport network weather:
     Back into the 90's.
All cars illegally parked will be searched, stripped and
sold real cheap on the black market.
  Get Van Heusen's hippy look from the fall/winter2000
runway for just 1100 dollars U.S. 
  To Use
1. Wave in front of sensor
2. Wait for fresh cover to encircle seat.
3. Seat now ready to use. 
Old plastic cover is destroyed and never used again!
  Scrub, quality, intensity, focus, Chicago, Ill.
  I believe the operative word here is "destruido."
  So what're the chances Danny Partridge has a brother?
They're paging Leon Bonaduce here. Peru turned violent
and deadly as protesters tried to keep Brad Pitt and
Jenifer Aniston from getting married.
  
   ...because at ATI we want you to know...

  Dick Cheney, the added-value candidate.
  Let's see there's the m-1 tank, the m16 gun, and the
mi6 deathsquad. Yup. Added value alright.
  All new, with extra defense budget, and retsin (tm)
for fresh breath and gingevitis.
  Tony Bennett almost went down in a Concorde last nite.
Waving to paparazzi he had this worried look on his face
which might have been that of fear had he not been so 
tanked up on Ibogaine, Imiprimine, Viagra and Prilosec.
Concord made its first publicly known emergency landing
just a week after its first deadly crash. Hmm... telling.
  Because here at Phillip Morris, we're spinning it well
so you don't have to. Would you like fries with your mind
mush?
  



LADYBUGZ AND GENDARMES, THE WORLD'S SHORTEST ATI
NUMBERS RUN...
http://phonelosers.net/ir/text/ir017.txt
http://www.mp3.com/misnomer
http://marcocapelli.iuma.com




LETTUCE 
   No lettuce section today. We're on the road, and
we'll have to put last week's letters into next week's
zine. You still with me here? Good.






THOUGHT:
  There'll be songs to sing in a dog-eared Fake-Book.
  Wow, I found another sheet-music book real cheap 
because it was missing some of the first few pages.
Everything else is still intact besides that. Gonna be
a good study. Some of these are much older than the
ones I've worked with before too, so it's got some 
tunes in it I've been looking for all these years.
  Of course, some I haven't been looking for all these
years as well. This is a 1936 copyright. Hold your nose
for this one. Page 56. "Ten Little Niggas."
Page 40 "Old Suzanna" with the verse that rhymes "ribber,"
with "nigga."
  Need I go on? Puh-leez. Where have we come from? Where
are we going. You're all having your own little personal
Kodak moments out there and here I am facing Little Black
Sambo. 


/
& Now a very short word-play report on Philly2000.
\

/
I'm not big on conventions. I like to find my own way.
\


/
Better read that again, you didn't get it.
\





We end this issue of ATI with a poem. About as
unfinished as my life thus far. I guess I'll have
to leave the finish work for carpenters, painters
or thieves, eh?

I call it Grampa (honoring the song made famous
by Winona Judd)(or trying to, anyhow. Just be
glad I didn't pick Achey Breaky, eh?)

I remember lemons when you died.
My sister called me standing with my suitcase on
One shoulder, my Abbiebag on the other.
What was in my left hand when you died?

I don't remember. I know the right hand
Put down 
A bag of organic Florida lemons to
Answer the phone.

Take a deep breath.
I knew who it was. 
                 No. You take a breath.
I took one, but I'm telling
You to...

I felt what sister was about to say. The only
News it brought me besides the confirmation
Was how many minutes ago

I remember lemons when you died.

I remember white lambskin envelope-looking
Aprons when you died. Or when you died again.
How many times DID you die? Do Masons die
Extra? I'll never know. But I could have asked,
Huh?

Besides lemons and lambskin, I remember
Evergreens when you died. Part of one in a
Ziplock bag.
I remember thinking they should've used
Tupperware. Supperware, that tupperware,
Perfect for evergreen bodybags.

I'm surprised they didn't gnaw on your skull,
Grampa. 

I remember lemons when you died, and the 
Aforementioned lambskin, and luckycharms.

I remember hand gestures, like praying with
Only one hand. The right one; not the right
Way, if you ask me, but who asked me, so 
I'll shut up now. 
I remember spooky wooky hand gestures to 
Honor you and send you off to the grand master
Architect of the universe. 

What universe? What universe do I remember
When you died? I'm honestly not sure.

Sure I remember lemons when you died, I also
Remember lectures on the rose cross. Made me
Shiver, like liver. No, I don't remember liver
When you died, but I wrote that because it
Begins with 'l' 

    NO OTHER REASON

I remember when you died, there was a church
Your followers took over.
Or a ghost of a church. It was dead long before
You killed it, wasn't it? I'm for certain - 
Someone didn't wish to give you THAT pleasure.

Who IS this grand master architect of the universe
Anyhow? And what is she building?

Maybe Pfizers? Or just the Viagra itself? All the 
Poets in the world couldn't get wacked out enough
On Myth and Metaphor to grasp what the hell you're
Talking about you stupid friggin abusive fascisto-racist
Sexist new world order knights of the kleegle kluggle
Klamjuice korporate slaves!

You didn't kill my grampa when he died at 93
About as inner-circle as any old swede ever
Could so I can't blame you that, and I can't
Fault you for trying to cultify that old 
Deacon out of his real family into your strange-
Ass secret society, pretending for moral 
Character. Karakter, schmarikter, but you sure did
Gnaw on his skull for more than half a century.

For that I will never let you go.

I remember lemons when my grampa died.
Organic, expensive as hell living breathing
Lemons like the ones picked right from a TREE
In sunny, runny, honeymoney florida lemons. Lemons
Like the ones with seeds you have to spit out lest
You swallow 'em and grow a TREE in your belly.

Lemons, Grampa. I remember lemons, and things you'd
Always taught me about deep breathing, and living
Long and steady, and charred blue english muffins
And chocolate milk and mountains with magicians and

   .take  me back  to  better times.
   .and  paint   us    a    picture.
   .       of a   long time     ago.
   .everything   is   changing fast.
   .we    call    it               . progress.

BUT I JUST DON'T KNOW





ati@etext.org