  The Voter Registration Drive Jingle
by Marc Frucht   http://www.frucht.org/soa.html

G                  C           G
All good citizens please take note
C        G             D             G
Election year. Are you registered to vote?

C                 G
Whether it's your first time
   D          G
Or first in a long time
     C        G
It's never to late
   D      G
to registrate
            C         G
I said it's never too late,
        D          G
Butcha better not wait

so

G                  C           G
All good citizens please take note
     C         G            D            G
Make sure this year you're registered to vote.

***********************
*HEY HEY HEY; IT'S ATI*
***********************

ATI 152.                          06NOV98
The Television will Not be ReVoLuTioNiZeD
Er, uh, I mean...
ATI 248                           05NOV00


 /DREAM/
/     / Two Wisconsin electors have announced that if
Wisc's popular vote carries Ralph Nader they will in 
fact vote for him this January. A bold move toward
breaking the winner-take-all EC system once and for
all.



http://www.2600.com/news/2000/1102.html 
http://www.powellsunion.com
http://devrandom.net/~dilinger
http://akita.textfiles.com/bbs/BBSLISTS
http://flag.blackened.net/ati/soawisc.html
http://www.nanpa.com
http://www.totse.com/en/index.html
http://SpaceyIdeas.Com/ozzie



KEEP THOSE CARDIGANS & LETTUCE COMING

Call this a letter to the editor, if you like.

WHAT????????????!!!!!!!!!!????????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!???????????
  What kind of hairbrained, head-up-his-ass, moron came up with 
this one? It had to be a man, and one that had never been around 
a lactating woman. Any idiot with half a brain could figure out 
that when your breasts are engorged and swollen to nearly twice 
their normal size, and AIR makes them hurt, it is NOT a sexually 
arousing experience to have an infant with more sucking power 
than a heavy-duty vacuum cleaner attatched to their cracked, 
bleeding, inflamed nipples.
  I'm appalled that some ignorant fuck could take the most 
natural, fullfilling, miserably painful thing in the world, 
and make it nothing more than a bastardised perversion of 
itself.
  The person who came up with thia idea is a sick mother-
fucker with way to much time on his hands, and probably a 
pedophile, besides, to think of feeding an infant in terms 
of eroticism.
  I'm nauseated.
-Ann




THE OFFICIAL PRIMANARKIST POLL

In a recent poll of six people we know,
53% will vote for Nader/Laduke
51% GoreTex/LiebenShizerheinder
24% BushWhack/CheneyWeenie
1% Pat Buchanan and everyone else.

[note: friction coefficient of error was 40]



A LYRIC IN THE FORM OF AN ANONYMOUS POST

I know who wrote it...it wasn't me...and
they wouldn't want it reprinted with their
name so...just do it anonymously if you
like it so much...they don't read your
zine...

At 12:25 29.10.00 -0600, you wrote:
>_______,
>Who wrote that? I'd love to reprint it in my zine.
>If it's yours, the question becomes, "may I?"
>If you have no idea, I guess it's "should I."
>marc
>> >On Mon, 16 Oct 2000 20:59:50
>> > ____ ______ wrote:
"A VISITOR FROM THE PAST"

I had a dream the other night, I didn't understand.
A figure walking through the mist, with flintlock in his hand.
His clothes were torn and dirty, as he stood there by the bed,
He took off his three-cornered hat, and speaking low, he said:

"We fought a revolution, to secure our liberty.
We wrote the Constitution, as a shield from tyranny,
For future generations, this legacy we gave,
In this, the land of the free and the home of the brave."

"The freedom we secured for you, we hoped you'd always keep.
But tyrants labored endlessly, while your parents were asleep.
Your freedom gone, your courage lost, you're no more than a slave,
In this, the land of the free and the home of the brave."

"You buy permits to travel, and permits to own a gun,
Permits to start a business, or to build a place for one.
On land that you believe you own, you pay a yearly rent,
Although you have no voice in choosing how the money's spent."

"Your children must attend a school that doesn't educate.
Your Christian values can't be taught, according to the state.
You read about the current news, in a regulated press.
You pay a tax you do not owe, to please the I.R.S."

"Your money is no longer made of silver or of gold.
You trade your wealth for paper, so your life can be controlled
You pay for crimes that make our nation turn from God in shame,
You've taken Satan's number, as you've traded in your name."

"You've given government control to those who do you harm,
So they can padlock churches, and steal the family farm,
And keep the country deep in debt, put men of God in jail,
Harass your fellow countrymen, while corrupted courts prevail."

"Your public servants don't uphold the solemn oath they've sworn.
Your daughters visit doctors so their children won't be born.
Your leaders ship artillery and guns to foreign shores,
And send your sons to slaughter, fighting other people's wars."

"Can you regain freedom for which we fought and died?
Or don't you have the courage or the faith to stand with pride.
Are there no more values for which you'll fight to save?
Or do you wish your children to live in fear and be a slave?"

"Sons of the Republic, arise and take a stand!
Defend the Constitution, the Supreme Law of the Land!
Preserve our great republic and each God-given right,
And pray to God to keep the torch of freedom burning bright!"

As I awoke he vanished, in the mist from which he came.
His words were true, we are not free. We have ourselves to blame.
For even now as tyrants trample each God-given right,
We only watch and tremble, too afraid to stand and fight.

If he stood by your bedside, in a dream while you're asleep,
And wondered what remains of our rights he fought to keep,
What would be your answer, if he called out from the grave?
Is this still the Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave?



PRESS RELEASE

ALBUQUERQUE - On Sunday, November 12th, NAMA presents an 
afternoon of seminars for established and aspiring musicians 
as well as those  just wanting to learn more about the Native 
American music industry.  
  Featured panelists of these seminars will provide a unique 
opportunity to mix, mingle and learn about the native american 
music marketplace from various perspectives ranging from; 
professional musicians, record label representatives, A&R, 
to artist unions representatives as well as offering legal 
insight.  

Artist Seminar: 11am to 12 pm Radisson Conference room

  A panel of established artist will share their experiences 
in the music industry; from how they got started, putting out 
their first album and where they are now. This panel will 
provide insightful tips for new artists and those artists
wanting to learn more and hear others experiences.     
  There will be 45 minutes of discussion by the artists 
followed by 15 minutes of Q&A.

Featured panelists include:
Bill Miller (musician)
Joanne Shenandoah (musician)
Paul Winter (Grammy Award winner and musician)
Stan Farber (AFTRA union representative)

Industry Seminar: 12pm-1pm Radisson conference room

This panel will be an array of record label reps, legal 
council and publicists.  The panel will present the nuts 
and bolts behind much of what is the driving force behind 
many successful artists.  

Again, there will be a 45 minute period of discussion 
followed by 15 minutes of Q&A.  

Featured panelists include:
David Swenson, President Makoche Records
Lourdes Vitor, Marketing Dir. of Four Winds trading
Mitchel Markus, President, Triloka records
Robert Doyle, President Canyon Records
Charlie Sanders, Vice President Harry Fox Agency


TO QUOTE A POEM

"skulls shine in the eyes of the man 
with the machete, between the cross-hairs 
of an AK-47. Under the rubble 
of the ruling class, a human heart 
beats in the palm, the tumba of ritual mercy 

http://hometown.aol.com/tonytweb/coffeepoem.html


DEFINE LIES : An ATI Interactive Research Proj
  Pleaze take a minute -n- a half or so
and help your phellow publisher, wouldja?
Either right now, or next time you're
near TV, could you grab a piece of paper
or Microsoft Notepad, or whatever's handy,
and surf once around? Spend less than a
few seconds on each channel, and just
tally up two things. Idea? Product?
  With each channel jot down whether it
seems more like they're showing you an
idea or a product.
  Basically I need you all as a handy
control group, or perhaps grounding for
something I'm a little too emotionally
close to. What I'm getting at, is I did
it three times, and I have to say, it
came up 53:5 Product:Idea once, and
54-4 twice.
  Doubling that I'd like to suggest that
Gore or Bush are each going to get about
55, or 40%ish, and Nader's going to get
8-10 % based on what comes out of a TV.
Because as we all know, the only thing
in this world that is real is what comes
out of a TV. Well, so if other data
supports this (and only if it's supported)
I'm going to suggest that this poll stands
a chance of having an error quotient of
1 or 2 instead of the climbing 4 and 5
that is getting so much of our tolerance.
  Does anyone know why we even listen to
those pieces of rhetorical trash anymore?
I mean think about it. If a repubican
leaning channel tells you Bush is ahead
by 3 with Nader getting 4% of the pie;
and the error is 4% that means Bush could
be down by 1 and their poll is still
accurate.
  Further, if you're watching a democrat
leaning chan and they have Gore up by 4
and Nader's at 5% and the error is 4, it
could very well mean that there's a dead
heat tie, but the channel's trying to
rape your mind. Shake your head and look
just a little to the right or left of
your TV. See if you can't snap out of your
suspension of disbelief just long enough
to realize that you're being condescended,
manipulated, brainwashed and bamboozled
in 30 second intervals.
  Oh, and looking again at that error,
Nader could easily be at 8 or 9, huh?
And let's take it one step further and
and wonder why it's so important that
these errors climb up toward 1/3 of an
entire poll. If you're like me and you
suffered some military time, you might
take a critical look at what I call the
paramilitico-PAD approach to seeing
people's behaviour. (PAD being the public
affairs division) When you watch that
poll, (I'll hold up the first example
here) Once you see who the friends and
foes are, you add in how a military
reports "truth."
  In our first example Bush is up by 3
with Nader getting 4% and "our" error is
4. Let's say Bush has 44 and Gore has 41,
with Nader at 4 and 11% of our people
either undecided or voting for those other
four unmentionables and write-ins.
Bush is our friendly force in this "war."
So truth (based on the 3/2:2/3 rule of
Public Affairs divisions for over 100 years
now) would really have him at 29 or 30.
And Gore is a "foe force" so he could really
have as much as 61! And Nader? He's Neutral
or Foe so, one and the same, that's 6 easily.
So with that error less than 3 instead of say,
more than 6, it's in danger of getting too
wacky looking when you shift statistics around
to support your intended lies.
  Define lies. This isn't a lie, is it? It's
propaganda, persuasion, rhetoric. And we're
really good at it. Be proud of us. Pride is
what seperates us from lesser beings, huh?
  So what on earth does idea:product ratio
have to do with this campaign? Everyone,
including Nader and Buchannan, Brown and
Jack Kemp are trying to sell you something.
Oh I left out Michael Dukakis and his big
ole' talking head. Look and see if they're
selling you ideas or product. Issues? Or
empty promises. Material wealth or familial,
moral and/or environmental wealth.


PENTAGON NOT TWO-FACED BECAUSE IT HAS 5 SIDES
Maine Tuesday (last tuesday b-4 supertues) 2000
PORTLAND - [from combined wires] Prior service
who were kicked out of the military for being
too fat, out of shape, [or too moral?] can now
sue the Pentagon for taking back their enlistment
bonuses.
  A federal judge ruled that the three people who
sued the Pentagon last week did in fact have their
bonuses ripped from them illegally. The case will
be expanded to class-action soon. Call your local
congressperson to follow through.




ELVIS WRITES NEW SITCOM FOR THE WB
  By Dustbunny
  Reprinted from her usenet post.
Finally. Since I started this job, I've been waiting for 
Elvis Costello to do something remotely Spin-worthy so 
that I could write a story about my hero. And the time 
is now. Costello and T-Bone Burnett have teamed up to
develop a comedy-drama television series for the WB. 
I love the WB. And I love Costello. According to 
Variety, the show will center on four ex-fashion
models who decide to try their luck at being rock 
stars, spend a lot of other people's cash, and 
face a lot of obstacles along the way. Thank the
dear sweet lord, Mr. Costello will be writing an 
original song to appear in each episode of the 
series, slated to begin airing next fall. Burnett 
will act as an executive producer, overseeing 
primarily the show's musical content. Costello 
will be with long-time friend, UPN producer John
Mankiewicz, to write, develop, and executive 
produce the pilot-the idea for which came about 
through e-mail correspondence between the two 
earlier this year. After shopping their concept 
around a bit, Imagine Television President Tony 
Krantz offered to produce the show alongside 20th 
Century Fox Television. Costello told Variety that 
he imagines his rocker-girl characters doing some 
crazy deeds, like travelling into outer space and
rescuing folks "from dastardly dictators." The show 
will also deal with some legitimate music industry 
topics, like snarky agents and label pressures,
the likes of which my boy Elvis no doubt knows 
quite a bit about. Costello even hinted that he 
might crop up as a villain or "flunkie" on the 
series somewhere on down the line. In related 
news, Elvis Costello is God.



Here's a poem by our friend Shayna Plaut.
Old school readers will recognize that she's
graced our zine with her great presence in
the past.

The morning rises slowly in Chicago
with a cup of Chiapaneco coffee
and I meditate on
the many faces of Santos

A little girl with two sharp braids
as I walk the angles streets
of South Eastern Mexico
begs me to buy
woven florescent bracelets
I hand her pan dulce instead
She hands me a smile
kicking up her skirt
with laughter
scampering her coffee colored legs
to a huddled weaving family surrounded
by mountains of thread.

Her words "por favor, nadie compra. yo tengo hambre
una tortilla..."
meld into the next Santos
the old man with flies in his eyes
back against sacred spaces
on soiled streets
eating the crumbling church walls
while singing reverence to
the revolution ninety years ago
the same revolution that still
kicks him with the taunts of promise
and then passes him by
with neglect
This Santos does not accept bread
for he can no longer recognize nourishment.

After eating a full meal
I walk back to the final face of Santos
now couched over red leather pumps
on an old wooden shoe shine box.
He smiles when done, pointing his hunger
at my filthy boots.

And then he's scraping off caked mud
(a souvenir of my time with the Zapatistas)
onto the conquered Spanish tile
we carelessly ignore.
He likes to read
or maybe he just said that
because it sounds good to gringa ears
either way
I was on the phone
to the US
and he was on the floor.

I hang up the phone
and add to his eleven years
with only
15 pesos.

The vibrant young girl
is still slipping under extranjeros feet for a tortilla
the old man is still eating
the scraps of verse to the first Zapata
and the shoe shine boy
with my boot in his hand
is clawing the earth of Chiapas
into muddy clumps, liberated dirt
threatening to form a wall
through our bridge of faces.




         /\-----/
        /ending/
       /----\-/


As is semi-traditional around here, 
we end ATI zine with a parody.


THEY'RE REPUBLICRATS
to the tune of the Beatles' "You Can't Do That"
  words by Merritt Bussiere

   G
Elections are upon us and it's such a pain,

G                                 G7
The 2 major parties, Man, they're both the same

              C7                          G
They're gonna let you down, and leave you flat

          D7              C7              G - D7
Because I told you before, they're Republicrats.


Seems like every four years it's just like before,
I go looking for some choice, I get George W. Gore.
He's gonna let me down, and leave me flat
Because I told you before, they're Republicrats.

BRIDGE:            [that "confounded bridge"]

G                  B7-Em
I've been thinking Green

         C           D7            G
Cause we gotta start thinking long-term

G                   B7-Em
Not get caught in between

     Am7                    D7
That same damn donkey and a pachyderm


So, please listen to me and don't waste your vote,
And get more bassackwards leadership shoved down your throat.
They're gonna let us down, and leave us flat
Because I told you before, they're Republicrats. 

          D7              C7              G
Because I told you before, they're Republicrats. 

G - F6 - F#6 - G6 <End>

NOTES:
* Please improve these verses or add more, with Green 
Bonus Points (GBPs) going to anyone who can fit the 
phrase, "lesser of two weasels" into a verse. Please 
share with your lists & send ideas to the addresses 
below. Best not to forward message; better to copy 
& paste into new message so you don't pick up the 
the sideways hats, >>>, thus misaligning chords & 
lyrics.
* What are other oldies we can abuse for the cause?

FREE ALWAYS ARE SUBSCRIPTIONS:
SUBSCRIBE ATI
   to
mdaemon@franklins.net


submissions:   ati@etext.org

Find the webpages somewhere near:
http://www.thepentagon.com/primeanarchist