Hello again Mr. Wellstone,                     02 Nov 1999
A while back, part of your letter to me said, 


>I recognize that the Pentagon and others have argued that the SOA
>plays an important role in the professionalization of Latin
>American military leaders by providing training in human rights
>and in the appropriate role of the military vis-a-vis civilian
>governments in democratic societies.  However, I believe the long
>record of abuses perpetrated by many of the School's graduates
>undermines the strength of those arguments.  

Could you give me some insight as to what exactly these people
use to justify exporting what I can't really call anything except a 
police state mentality to these otherwise naive small countries?

The reason I ask this is when my friend Brett asked Jimmy Carter
personally
if Amy and/or he would be willing to come to Benning last year to support
the annual "peaceful assembly," all Mr. Carter was able to tell him was
"there's just things you don't know about Mexico, Guatemala and
Columbia."
He pointed out that he believed if Brett knew these things (and he wasn't
able to say what they were, claiming the usual national security stuff)
Brett would
feel very differently about School of the Americas' role in this
hemisphere. They
agreed to disagree, my friend Brett holding to his  upbringing and
beliefs that
killing's wrong and etc. 

Mr. Wellstone, I have to take Brett's side on this and all but scold Mr.
Carter;
because I believe with all my heart there is nothing on this earth (I
even
explored the possibilities of all that other conspiracy theory junk about
aliens,
and masonic zombie cults, and etc) nothing, Mr. Wellstone, that would
have
me change how I feel about NON-VIOLENCE ABOVE EVERY ELSE. 

You don't train someone on the many different ways to rape a child in
order
to have stability back home. It's just not possible. Why am I scared that
people like you and people like me are the only ones left thinking
logically
there?

I know there's a lot that you and the Jimmy Carters of the world cannot
just
come right out and tell me, the highest security clearance I ever carried
was
secret and it's no longer valid since the day I was given a 10% medical
discharge
under honorable conditions, a tiny severence pay, a GI Bill that pays
about 2/3
my education, and NO MEDICAL COVERAGE save for a once a year walk-in
at the local VA hospital of my choice.

I would honor 5 or 6 secrets that I don't warrant knowing; the other half
a billion
documents that are for somebody elses' eyes only, I would call a huge
tragedy 
and a disgrace to what we pretend to call a democracy.

At any rate, short of telling me we truly are the poorest nation-state in
the world, 
and it's myth and leveraged debt keeping us solvent,
short of telling me Hitler's still alive and his grand children are
taking orders
from Henry Kissenger, short of telling me without SOA training rape and
torture
there are people about to kill my mother and my sister in Connecticut
tomorrow, 
is there any insight you could share with me as to why they all feel safe
to assume
I really would want it there doing these horrendous things?

I want to understand so I can offer some better alternative rather than
simply
demand it be shut down immediately. I think you'll follow me here.

Electronic fences work on dogs, why can't they be used on troops?
We truly don't need to manufacture a single new landmine in Janesville,
WI
or anywhere, Mr. Wellstone. I see how simply saying stop all landmines 
would endanger a GI somewhere. Without a brilliant interim idea like 
electronic fences, Princess Diana's nobel gesture is for naught.

I understand that. I'm looking for a parallel idea for SOA.

Got any ideas?

Marc Frucht.
e&p ati zine since 1988
http://www.frucht.org

ps: I don't know if you're up for re-election any time soon and
all that, but there's expected to be 5-7,000 of us crossing the line
this year, with supporters perhaps doubling that at the rallies. 
Dates are the weekend of Nov. 19th. 
People like you, people like Martin Sheen, Amy Ray from the Indigo
Girls, Odetta, Sam Gejdenson - could sure help us get it closed down
this year rather than next or the year after. I can feel from being there
last year and the year before that it's inevitable. I just wish it were
yesterday.

