Dear marc frucht:                 13 May 1999 



Thank you for taking the time to contact me regarding the School
of the Americas.  I appreciate having the benefit of your views
on this matter.

I am appalled at the very high number of SOA graduates who have
been implicated in human rights abuses throughout Latin America,
especially those responsible for the killings of the Jesuits in
San Salvador, and others cited as human rights violators by the
U.N. Truth Commission.

I recognize that the Pentagon and others have argued that the SOA
plays an important role in the professionalization of Latin
American military leaders by providing training in human rights
and in the appropriate role of the military vis-a-vis civilian
governments in democratic societies.  However, I believe the long
record of abuses perpetrated by many of the School's graduates
undermines the strength of those arguments.  To the contrary,
closing the SOA would be an important signal of the
Administration's commitment to promoting human rights and
democratic institutions throughout Latin America.

As you may know, I am an original cosponsor of S. 908, a bill
which would require the Secretary of the Army to close the SOA. 
This legislation is currently being considered by the Senate
Committee on Armed Services.  In addition, the FY 1998 Foreign
Operations Appropriations bill signed into law by the President
on November 26, 1997, mandates that no funding shall be provided
for military training at the SOA until the Secretary of Defense
certifies that certain requirements have been met.  First, it
must be consistent with the training provided to U.S. military
personnel.  Second, specific guidelines regarding the selection
and admission of students to the SOA must be established.
Finally, the Secretary of Defense must submit a report to the
Committee on Appropriations detailing training activities and
providing an assessment of the performance of the SOA's 1996
graduates.  

As I have stated previously, I believe we continue to spend too
much on international military aid, education and training, and I
will continue to oppose wasteful and unnecessary spending in this
area which could better be used to meet pressing domestic needs.

Again, thank you for contacting me.  I hope that you will
continue to keep me informed about matters that concern you.

Sincerely,



Paul David Wellstone
United States Senator
