
The View From The Hogan

Notes from Big Mountain

Ya'a'tee

    1999 has been a busy year so far.
    On January 25th, 90-day eviction notices were given to the 5 last
resisting homesites. Though many people signed the so-called Accomodation
Agreement, many were coerced, and others had a member of their family sign
for them, so there are many more people resisting than these five. However,
these 5 are under immediate threat of physical removal.
    In the eviction notice it was stated that after the 90 day period their
names will be passed on to the the Hopi Tribe, the Arizona Attorny General,
and the U.S Justice department "for further action".
    An ex chairman of the Hopi Tribe has publicly stated that evictions will
take place.
    The new Navajo President has said no evictions will take place.
    The U.S. Governement isn't saying anything.
    The 90 days have passed.
    The U.S. Government is funding the Navajo-Hopi Relocation Commission till
February 1st, 2000, and has stated that the "final solution" will take place
before then.

    In the meantime the Hopi-B.I.A. have spent the last couple of months
running around "counting" the peoples livestock. The people were asked to
have their animals in the corrals on specific days to be counted. Sometimes
the BIA turned up, sometimes they didn't. Sometimes they turned up without
notice. In the letters that were sent out the people were told that if they
had any animals over their permitted number ( a ridiculously low number that
bears no relationship to the carrying capacity of the land, but is gauged to
be well below the number people need to survive) they would be impounded on
the spot. A few animals have been taken and then returned. The whole effect
of the operation is to keep the people worried and stressed that their
animals may be taken at any time. The cost of this whole operation is
enormous, especially considering the number of cops they bring with them. One
supporter was arrested for politely asking why they needed to be doing this.
The whole thing is absurd in the first place as the BIA always know how many
animals the people have as their "monitors" are constantly photographing the
flocks.

    Pauline Whitesinger has just received an official livestock impoundment
notice for her cattle and horses.

    In the past, whenever the authorities are "cracking down" on the people
here there is a marked increase in low-altitude military aircraft flyovers.
This spring is no exception. Early in the year a U.S. Army spotter plane (it
was dark green with ARMY in huge white letters on its sides.) flew just above
the tree tops and took a zig-zag course directly over the homesites. "out
there" you may be more used to this kind of invasion of your space, but here
its effect is to frighten these people. More threatening, later in the
spring, 2 huge U.S.A.F C140's ( the type they push tanks and paratroopers out
the back of) flew a low altitude pass in view of most of the resisters
homesites.

    The Navajo Nation has started erecting houses for the families that
signed the Accomodation Agreement. For some reason the Relocation Commission
tried to block it, but were ruled against.  The Commissions raison-d'etre is
to get ALL the people of this land obviously.

    A few months ago the Hopi Tribal Chairman made a big splash in the local
papers, invoking Tribal sovereignty to demand that the 2 power plants that
are fed by Black Mesa coal be allowed to stay operating even though they are
breaking Federal EPA laws (they are polluting Big Time). His logic was that
basically his wages were being paid by the sale of the coal.
    Last month the owners of the power plants gave a huge "Bonus royalty" to
the tribe.
    Could these two facts be connected?

    The last possibility of legal redress for these people, the "Manybeads
suit" will soon come to a conclusion. For years it has bounced back and forth
in the legal system. Some believe that the physical evictions won't happen
till the case is concluded.

    At this moment a delegation of resisters is in Geneva, Switzerland
testifying before a variety of International and Global organisations. The
number of International statutes and conventions (as well as U.S. Federal
laws) that are being broken here is staggering. It seems that International
Law only means something to America when it complies with its own aims,

    Back in the real world, it was an unusually warm and dry winter and
spring. Very pleasant weather to herd sheep in, but worrisome as the spring
dries up, no grass was growing for the flock, and without snowmelt there
would be nothing to grow the corn in. However we recently had a couple of
snowstorms, and though its still way below normal, the spring has recharged,
grass has grown.

    The Mesa is bursting with life,.... flowers are appearing, .... theres
lots of birds around.

    The sheep are being sheared.

    The cornfields are being prepared.

    Rugs are being woven.

    Ceremonies are being held.

    The largest Coal strip mine in the U.S. continues to expand.

    The coal slurry line continues to suck 3 million gallons of pristine,
ancient aquifer water per day.


        "Those who resist find peace"

            Your prayers, support, and correspondence are invited.


                For all my Relations


                    Bo Peep.



email the author at:
UNCLEJAKE74@aol.com
