The View From The Hogan #15 Little month of ripening crops (August 2000)

Notes from Big Mountain

Ya'a'tee

    I know its late in september, but here is the news from august.

    So, the persecution of Kee Shay continues. Some background....... Kee 
Shay is an elderly Dineh man. He and his family have spent their lives 
raising a small flock of sheep, tending a small cornfield, hauling water and 
firewood and maintaining ceremony. In short he is a traditional man. He does 
not speak english, and like most of the elders here, does not read or write 
in any language. Some years ago the Feds decided to put a fence across the 
land. Everything on one side of the fence was "given" to the Hopi Tribal 
Council. The logic of this still escapes me. How can some people thousands of 
miles away, who work for an institution that did not exist when these people 
began living here (the U.S. Govt) "give" something away that never belonged 
to them in the first place? It seems to be based on the notion that Might is 
Right. They have more guns, therefore what they say is law. Anyway, this 
fence cut right through the middle of the Shay familys customary use area, 
seperating their summer home from their winter home. When I say "summer 
home", we are not talking about a condo in Florida. We're talking about a 
small hogan and corral, somewhere to move the flock to as the seasons change. 
This movement is the essence of good range management. At the time this 
happened, Kee happened to be in his home that the feds "allowed" the Navajos 
to keep. The family continued to use their customary use area and homes.
    Now the Corporate Hopis have slapped one of their infamous "exclusion 
orders" on Kee. Telling him he is trespassing on the Hopi Reservation.  The 
rationale of the Exclusion Orders is to remove people who pose a "threat to 
the Hopi Tribe". How is Kee threatening the Hopi Tribe? The nearest Hopi is 
twenty miles away. None of the absentee Hopi cattle barons are running stock 
near his land. After talking with the Corporate Hopis involved, a reporter 
covering the case came to the conclusion that they were trying to create a 
"rubber-stamp" procedure to easily remove Navajos. Efficiency in the service 
of human suffering. Where have I geard that before?
    So, for 10 days Kee had to endure sitting in a stuffy room listening to 
these spiteful people rant and rave in a foreign tongue. This is a point that 
the Elders here bring up all the time. If this is a dispute between Hopis and 
Navajos, how come its all being done with Whiteman language and Whiteman Law? 
Any of you who are familiar with a subsistence lifeway knows how difficult it 
is to take time off from the work. Not only is Kees work suffering, somehow 
he must try and raise money to pay for legal help. Those doing this to him 
have their pockets stuffed with coal royalties. Its not hurting them at all. 
On the seventh day of this farce Kee collapsed and was rushed to hospital. 
Success for the Corporate Hopis. For thirty years they have done everything 
they can to cause suffering and stress to the resisters. Now this "trial" is 
over. They say they will render a decision by November. Why so long? The 
decision is a forgeone conclusion.
    A simple observation. There is more dignity and humility in Kee Shays 
little finger than in all the greedy, vicious, "suits" doing this to him. 
What value does dignity and humility have?

    So, I wonder how many of you have noticed the parrallel between the 
current crop of "exclusions", and the events that led to the creation of the 
original "Moqui" (what the feds used to call the Hopis) reservation? Back in 
the 18880's, the U.S. program of genocide against native people was in full 
swing. One of the major tools in this process was the kidnapping of the 
indian kids and forcing them into schools where they were brainwashed into 
becoming "good" americans. Every vestige of their culture was attempted to be 
removed. (Incidentally, this process of genocide by "education" continues 
unabated today.) Back then, there were a couple of whitemen living in the 
Hopi villages. They encouraged the traditionals to resist, telling them that 
the US had no legal right to do this. Which is in fact true as the Hopi had 
signed no treaty with the U.S. Well, the U.S. Indian agent for the Hopis was 
incensed at this meddling in the process, and tried to have the whitemen 
kicked out of Hopi, but found he did not have the "jurisdiction" to do this, 
so he complained to head office in DC and demanded that the President (one 
Chester Arthur) create a reservation for the Hopis, so that he, the agent, 
would then have the power to stop this interference. In response, in 1882, 
Prsident Arthur drew an abstract square on the map of arizona, having no 
relationship to existing land-use. Some Hopis lived outside of the square, 
and some Navajos lived inside it. All this, simply to give the agent the 
power to "exclude" troublemakers. So now, more than 100 years later, the 
exact same process continues. Traditional Hopi and Navajo people continue to 
resist US genocide with the assistance of some non-indians. This time the US 
uses the Hopi Tribal Council for "jurisdiction". The HTC barks about how this 
is a great step forward for "Indian Sovereignty", but in truth it just gives 
the Tribal Council unlimited dictatorial power to enforce the will of the 
corporations and US Governement against Indian people.
    And if you want more evidence, consider this. Arlene Hamilton was 
excluded for putting up a tepee for a few weeks. According to the Corporate 
Hopis, this constituted "a threat to the Hopi Tribe". As everyone here knows, 
the real reason she was excluded was because she helps the grandmas sell 
their rugs. She helps them to survive. The HTC and the feds do not want them 
to survive. They want them to move off. Back in the summer one grandmas was 
paid a visit by a gang of corporate hopis. They tried to tell her that Arlene 
was "ripping her off". Then they tried to tell her that she needed a permit 
from the Hopi Tribal Council to weave. This is pure bullshit. Under the terms 
of the Accomodation Agreement (that this particular grandma had signed) it 
states quite plainly that the people do not need permits for such activity, 
but of course the grandmas can't read the agreement they signed,,as its in 
english. Its not even plain english, but "legalese". Then they tried to tell 
the grandma that she had to pay tax to the HTC on any rugs she sold. Again, 
pure bullshit. The Corporate Hopis did in fact recently attempt to introduce 
some taxes, one of which would have meant that the grandmas would have to pay 
tax on their rug sales (but Hopis wouldn't), but the Hopi people voted 
overwhelmingly against these taxes. So, why are these Corporate Hopis 
intimidateing and harassing this grandma?

    Clan Dyken are getting ready to hit the road again with their Beauty Way 
Tour. For those who don't know what that is,..... Clan Dyken are a group of 
fine musicians. Every year around this time they do a series of gigs around 
the West, raising funds and supplies to bring out here to the land on the 
annual Thanksgiving Supply Run. So, if you are interested in contributing to 
these fine cause, if you are interested in arranging a gig in your area, or 
just if you are interestred in attending a good gig, please contact Michael 
at mgp@madre.com.

    With the closing in of the evenings, I'm getting time to read again. 
Interesting book I've just finished is "Navajo Roundup" by Lawrence Kelly. 
Basically the book is the correspondence between Kit Carson and his boss 
General Carleton during the round up of the Navajos in 1863-64 taking them to 
the concentration camp at Fort Sumner. Known among the Navajos as "The Long 
Walk". The feds have justified the removal in the past 30 years of 10,000 
Navajos, and the partition of this land in 1974 on the grounds that the 
Navajos have only lived here since they got released from the concentration 
camp in 1868. That they are in fact recent arrivals onto Hopi Land. According 
to the dispatches sent by Kit Carson, the army made several expedition up 
onto Black Mesa, rounding up Navajos. So, how could they round up Navajos 
here, if there werent any Navajos here? Why does the US Govt ignore its own 
documentation? Another point that is repeated in the correspondence is that 
after 8000 Navajos were incarcerated, Carson kept insisting that at least 
that many Navajos were still at large, to the north, south, and west of the 
Hopi Mesas. Carleton chose to ignore this information, as he was basking in 
the success of his campaign. So there you have it..... Navajos have been 
living here for a lot longer than the feds (and HTC) are now trying to claim. 
I have heard many stories from the Elders here that talk of when their 
relatives came home from the concentration camp, joining their families that 
had continued to occupy this land for centuries.

     Got a press release earlier in the summer about a mural that had been 
unveiled down in Phoenix. The article was titled "Mural depicts the agony of 
relocation". Painted by a young Navajo artist, a large part of the mural 
concerns itself with the relocation of Navajos to the concentration camp back 
in the 1860's. I think its great that such a subject a being bought to more 
peoples attention through the mural, but I worry about the fact that not a 
mention is made that more navajos have been relocated in the past 30 years 
than were relocated in the 1860's. I worry that it is much easier to deal 
with unpleasant subjects if they are viewed as history. We can blame our 
unenlightened ancestors and feel that we could not be a party to such a 
thing. In the meantime we can ignore the genocide that continues to be 
perpetrated. I guess in a hundred and fifty years we might see a mural 
depicting the current relocation.

    With the help of some friends, I am in the process of setting up my own 
Website. One section will be something I call Gallery of Resistance, that 
will include posters, paintings, poems and songs about the war that has been 
raging here.. So, if any of you have any of the old posters, paintings or 
drawings you've done, poems or songs you've written, or if you know someone 
else who has such things, I'd like to hear from you.

    The photos this time are:
vfh15pix1.  Laid up with a bad leg, this is the view.
vfh15pix2   The water of life. Hauling water from the spring. Good 
opportunity for a young helper to wash a fleece in readiness for carding.
vfh15pix3   The water of life.
vfh15pix4    The View From The Hogan

    Not wanting to clog up peoples emailboxes, I only send the photos to thos 
ethat request them.

    Back in the real world, its been a hot dry summer. We kept hearing about 
the rains down south, but nothing fell here. Water became the focus of every 
day. I figured out I was spending about 25 hours a week just hauling water 
and dealing with watering the sheep and corn. I don't know, but my guess is 
that there are still some of you out there that work a 40 hour week. Imagine 
if over half your work week was used up just dealing with supplying yourself 
with water. A healthy and respectful attitude towards the value of water must 
surely ensue. In mid august the rains finally came. First one, then a few 
more. There was even a bit of flooding. I suspect we will soon get notices 
telling us our flocks must be impounded due to waterlogging. So, the thirsty 
garden started to burst forth, the springs recharged, and the grass started 
to grow. What was yelloe became green. Makes the sheep real happy. The 
evenings are starting to cool down, so now its time to bring in the firewood.
    Surveillance seems to have been stepped up. I know that "out there" you 
can't go anywhere without security cameras watching you, but I wonder how 
many of you are targetted for surveillance. We live in the middle of nowhere. 
The goons park their trucks on the ridges and spy on us with binoculars. They 
count the sheep, they see who is visiting who. If you were to come and visit 
us, chances are you will be stopped and have your ID's checked. Now they are 
doing more horseback surveillance. What a waste of time and money. There is 
no crime going on here. It's just a continuation of 30 years of intimidation 
and harassment.

    I'd like to end here with a personal message. This is for all those of 
you who know me, either through the time we spent together over the years, or 
simply because of our dialogue through this electronic medium. The rest of 
you need read no further.

I am blessed with an incredible life.
Without exaggeration I can say that I am the richest person I know.
In vain I search for a justification for this.
However, I find at least a partial explanation, and that is each of you.
Each of you knows that it is our nature to be kind, generous and 
compassionate (in a word, to love)
I know that you know this, because that is what you have taught me.
Many of you hold me (and everyone else here) in your prayers.
Can there be a more precious gift than this?
Many of you send me gifts. Tobacco, tapes, books, things you have made for me.
Many of you share yourselves with me through your words.
All of these activities involve you giving me some of your time.
I believe our time to be extremely precious.
It can be said, in one sense, our time is actually the only thing we possess.
So. when we give someone our time, is this not love?

The upshot of all this is that I carry with me a profound sense of gratitude.
Accompanying it a deep sense of responsibility.
So, I'd like to tell you this.
The work I do here, my daily labor (as humble as it is)
In a very real sense, I do this FOR you.
Because I believe I am only doing what each of you would do, if you were in 
my position.
I suspect also that many of you could do a better job of it.
Thank you

    But then, what the hell do I know,... I'm just a sheepherder.

    "Respect for the rights of others is peace"

    Thanks for giving me your time by reading this

    Your prayers, support, and correspondence are invited

    For all my relations

    BoPeep
    (unclejake74@hotmail.com)

    Please feel free to pass on this email (unedited)

    If you have received this email as a forward, and want to be sure of 
getting them in the future, please let me know. Also if there are any 
back-issues you want, again, let me know.