New Death Warrant Signed for Mumia Abu-Jamal

On October 13th, Governor Ridge of Pennsylvania signed a new death
warrant for African-American activist and journalist Mumia Abu-Jamal
currently on death row.  Supporters around the country took to the
streets to protest the warrant on October 14th and 16th and demand a new
trial.
   Mumia was sentenced to death in 1982 in association with the death of
White police officer Daniel Faulkner.  Abu-Jamal was driving his taxi cab
in Philadelphia when he saw a man being beaten by Faulkner.  Mumia
stopped and realized the man being beaten was his brother.  Shots were
fired, Mumia was shot in the chest and Faulkner died from a bullet wound
to the head.
   Mumia’s legal defense cites many injustices concerning his trial and 
the evidence.  Mumia’s fingers were not tested to see if he had fired a 
gun. Mumia did carry a licensed .38 caliber gun after being robbed twice
during his night shift driving cab.  Abu-Jamal’s gun was not smelled to
see if it had been fired.  Also, the medical examiner’s written report
stated Faulkner was shot by a .44 caliber bullet.
   The legal defense also points out problems with Mumia’s trial.  The 
jury consisted of two African-Americans in a city that is 40% Black.  
Mumia was denied his right to self-representation and was assigned a 
lawyer who was later disbarred for incompetency.  Albert Sabo, the judge 
who sentenced Mumia, was know as "the hanging judge" because Sabo had
sentenced 31 people to death.  All but two were people of color.  These
are only some of the legal defense’s allegations and reasons for appeals.
Governor Ridge signed Mumia’s death warrant two days before Mumia’s well
known petition would enter the courts.  Abu-Jamal has filed a writ of
habeas corpus which asks the federal courts to decide whether Mumia has
been legally sentenced by Sabo.  This is Mumia’s first and last chance to
present evidence previously denied by the Pennsylvania courts.  The
petition is also significant because it is the first time an appeal will
be heard by a judge other than Sabo.
   People demanding a new trial for Mumia continue to educate and actively
protest Mumia’s current life-threatening situation.  Tens of thousands of
people around the world protested to demand a fair trial on April 24th,
1999.  Abu-Jamal’s case has also gained much international and celebrity
support.  Some of the supporters include Ossie Davis, Susan Sarandon, Ed
Asner, Rage Against the Machine, Michael Stipe of REM, the Beastie Boys,
the former First Lady of France, and the National Lawyers Guild, the
Japanese Diet, English Parliament, Nelson Mandela, and the Pope.
The intention of Mumia’s appeal is to ask for a new trial, where jurors
can hear both sides and consider all of the evidence.  As Mumia’s
attorney, Leonard Weinglass, states, "What we seek is Mumia's first day
in court, because he has not had one yet."
Written by Daughters of Nadia.  For more information, contact
skarndt@hotmail.com.
