HOMEMADE LINER NOTES FOR A TAPE I'VE MADE FOR
MY CYBERFRIEND STEPHANIE
  marco capelli frucht.   3jul00

The Other Side - Orig.
   I usually sing this as a duet with my friend
Staci. There's parts where she sings higher than
me but another spot where she sings lower than
me and it turned out to be a good effect. I wish
I could share the whole song with you, but I 
haven't been able to get into the studio to 
record this yet.

That NAFTA Label - Parody

Talk To The Computers - Par

Paradise    - par 
  I wrote the parody at the Hopi Cultural Center.
They usually let me camp out over nite in the back
lot and take a shower in one of the checkouts for
$4. When they got used to me they said they didn't
mind me watching some of the music channels from
the room for a few hours as long as they still had
other rooms to clean. Then they'd kick me out when
they needed to gussy up the last room. John Prine
was singing this for some special and it came to
me that the Peabody shovel he was talking about
moved to just 10 miles down the road from where 
I was sitting.

Beauty Way  - Orig
  Wrote this in Camp Ana Mae.

What If God Had A Job  - par
  Making fun of the song that Joan Osborne got
a hit for. The Vatican put out a lot of garbage
about her song being blasphemous. I remember
thinking anything that gets young people to 
think about God in any way shape or form is
cool by me.

Strange Fruit  - cover
  I've never heard the original of this except
in snippets during documentaries. I try to do
it my own way from beginning to end.

Wordless Song - orig

Hey Mon - orig
  I co-wrote this with my friend Carl. That's him
singing every other verse, and the piano solo done
up just like a guitar riff is him also. Plus he
engineered this song and a bunch of other stuff
including the 6 classical recordings you're going
to hear later on this tape.

Short Song - orig
  This might be the shortest song you've ever heard.

One More Song - orig 
  Everything but the drummer dying is autobiographical.

Konetiuk - folkified cover of a hundred year folksong
   (would you call that a parody or something else???)
Based on "the Hunter From Kentuk'" from Carl Sandberg's
"American Songbag."

Old Folksinger - cover
   (but I have no idea who the author is.)
I've played this song all over the US and at every
performance the past 12 years or so I've asked out 
loud if anyone knows where it's from, "please tell 
me so I can give the writer credit."

Frybread - orig
  Dedicated to Roberta Blackgoat and my Swedish
Nana, Gladys Oberg.

Philosophical Song - orig

Little Things - orig
  I left a girl when I signed up for the army. But
we weren't going out, just sweethearts and friends.
We stayed penpals for years. She married me seven
years later, divorced me four years after that. 
Maybe I should have gone into CountryWestern music
instead of folk, ennit?

Swedish Folksong - cover/standard
  I got the lyrics and the chord structure from an 
ethnomusicology book in '92 in some library somewhere
in the middle of the US when I was walking 18 miles
a day protesting the 500th anniversary of Kolumbus
slaying America.

Song Song - orig.  (sorry about the skipping at 
the beginning. I thought CD's were never going 
to do that???)

Short Song - orig. (more apologies, this is a repeat. Not
   intentional. I wasn't paying attention.)

How Come - cover (c) 1927 Marion Harris. 
   That's my friend Carl on the lead guitar, thinking he's
BB King or something. All the percussion is done from a
rainforest rainstick. Carl's mom had an exchange student
from either Sweden or Norway who came over to Carl's house
for the day and one of my recording sessions was planned 
that day, so we included him. 

Song Song - orig
  I've told people this is the closest to "gospel" they're 
going to get out of me. Church isn't something I do on weekends
or on vinyl.

    )side b(

Roll In My Sweet Baby's Arms - old folk song (public domain)
  Extra verses are mine. The chorus and main verse is
a very old song. The first time I've ever heard this
was in Colorado Springs at a place called Poor Richards
that specialized in Independant films, used books, awesome
coffees and sandwiches and folkmusic. I've never been to 
an open mic that influenced me more, before those or
since. The banjo player presenting that song also used
to sing Draft Dodger Rag and a song about "Sarah Sitting
in a Chevrolet." By day he was a 5th grade English teacher.
Go man go.

No! - orig
  I wrote this about the Honduras invasion in the early 80's
that the US government still won't admit fully. Ask the lady
who lives upstairs from me right now who quit Chiquita after
16 years and no workmens comp. We definitely warred on her
people.

One More Song (another spaceout. sorry)

Boceto Andaluz - Bartolome Calatayud
   Calatayud's from Spain. Born in the late
1800's and composed up til the 1950's or 60's.
He's about my third or 4th favorite classical
guitar composer of all times. I think it goes
Fernando Carulli, Johan Sebastian Bach, 
Bartolome Calatayud, Fernando Sor. I like 
Manuel Ponce a lot but he was much more of a
pianist than a guitarist.
   Estampa Gitana - Calatayud 
   Minuet I - J.S. Bach 
   Habanera - Calatayud 
   Vals - Calatayud 
   Lamento Gitano - Calatayud 

---------- End of Marcomusic -- beginning of CD's and Albums

Another Man Done Gone   - Odetta

Oh Freedom - Odetta's famous medley.

Little Boxes - Malvina Reynolds
  The first time I saw Pete Seeger perform this live
was in Providence Rhode Island. He was doing a tribute
to Malvina Reynolds who he credited for his first hit 
single. It was an evening of folk music that was a who's 
who of "Pete Seeger & Friends." Each did a song or two 
that she'd written, and then they
ended the show with a stage full of people singing
Little Boxes for a very long time. I was in heaven.
Not for the fame around me, but for the mass of people
we were, singing together. It was something I can't 
describe in words. Greater than his banjo playing and
his beautiful voice that to this day remains clearer
than a bell, Pete Seeger's gift really IS his ability
to get an entire "room" singing together.

What Have They Done - "ibid"

It Isn't Nice - ibid

DNA - Annie Humphrey
   Based on a John Trudell poem I'm told.
   That's Trudell reading it in the background.
She's friends with him. My friend Hippie Rick
a poet from Milwaukee bought me her CD. He 
met her at one of Trudell's performances.

Paradise - performed by John Denver, written by
   John Prine. I just bought 4 Chad Mitchell Trio
albums. I didn't realize John Denver toured with
them for a time. I also never knew how topical they
were. Much deeper than my childhood favorite 
folksingers, Kingston Trio.

Little Boxes - performed by Pete Seeger, written
   by Malvina Reynolds. I wish there was time on 
the tape to share a lot more Pete Seeger and Odetta
with you. Let me know if you're interested, I'd be
happy to fill that other tape you sent me with that
and some other things.

Beginning of Pete Seeger teaching the Wobble. Cuts
off at the end. Steph, Seeger's the real deal. I
used to love reading his column in "Sing Out!" 
magazine called "Appleseeds." Now would be a good
time to lift the blacklist, but when I was 8 or 9
years old would have been even better. Seeger makes
10 of Bob Dylan and 50 of Jewel Kilcher. (not a slam
on either by any stretch)

Peace to you, thank you for taking an interest in my
music.

Marco
http://www.frucht.org
http://www.mp3.com/MarcoCapelli









