
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #827
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888                   "Dissin' Miasma"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "                  by AIDS
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               9/20/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        Yo, I gotta write a file about a punk assed bitched named Miasma.
 For those of you that don't know, Miasma is some #ezines/HOE fag whho is
 always hanging around making trouble in places he ain't neeeded.  I think
 his name is Greg or Steve or Charlie, but I don't really fucking care.  All
 I know is that he's a real cock sucking piece of shit.

        First, lemme tell you what this shit head did.  OK, we all went to
 this shit called ITIC, right, I THINK I CON.  Now this piece of shit, he
 goes to this thing and he sees this girl named Ali.  Everyone knows Ali,
 she's a fine piece of woman, she better back that thang up, and mister
 mother fucker 3 foot 2 inches Greg Charlie comes up and sees her boobs.  And
 he's like, "THEM TITTIES BE SLAMMING!  I GOTZ TO BE FEELING MY COCK UP
 BETWEEN THAT!  HAWAIIAN MUSCLE FUCK!!!"  So, because he's a natural coward,
 he starts throwing back the booze.  Slam slam slam slam slam, he's DRUNK.
 This fucking 2 foot 11 motherfucker's bodyweight can't handle all this
 alcohol shit, you know, so he's fuckign reeling and stinking.  Then, somehow
 through his drunken haze, he convinces ALI to start drinking, yeah, he's
 getting Ali to get real fucking smashed.  This piece of shit gets her drunk. 

	Now, I know, you're thinking, "Ah, here comes the date rape."

	Nope!

	If motherfucking Steve could have been a REAL MAN, or at least not
 such a piece of shit, he would have taken advantage of her drunken state of
 being, and gotten some tongue, at the very least.  Piece of shit mother
 fucker.

	But no, he's such a gargantuan pussy that he can't even bring himself
 to do that, so Frank just sits around all night staring at her tits until
 his eyes a bleed.  We've got pictures.  We've got evidence.  This nasty
 motherfucker just kept looking at those tits like he wanted to suck the
 muscle right out through the nipples.

	Yeah, fuck that bitch.

        What else can I tell you about this motherfucker?  He's angsty as all
 hell.  He's angst incarnate.  Maybe he's upset because he's too fucking
 short to get up in any bitch's pussy.  He's 1'11"!  Even Napolean or Alfred
 Jarry could have kicked his little gimpy ass from here to new york.  And I
 ian't talking about pork.  or shitty korn covers, either.

        He likes techno.  Yeah, mister fuckign retard likes mister fucking
 retard music.  He likes to dance around and shake his body and back that
 thang up, but GUESS WHAT GREG?  GUESS WHAT?

	NO ONE WANTS TO WATCH A SMURF DANCE.

	NOPE.

	NOT A SINGLE PERSON.

        I don't know what kind of movies Miasma likes, but I bet they suck.
 I bet he's the sort of guy who prefers SERPICO over DOG DAY AFTERNOON and
 has a lot of really stupid explanations why, but none of them make sense,
 but when you go to the heart of the problem he just feels bad that Al Pacino
 (a semi-closeted homosexual) gets the short end of hte legal shaft.  See, to
 total queers like Miasma, it's better to watch an honest straight man
 (SERPICO) go down fighting for what's right than to watch an evil and
 twisted homosexual (Sonny Wortzik) get rightfully imprisoned. 

        Yeah, I know all about this fag Miasma and his gay fuckign ways.  I
 know all about him.  Yeah, I know all about this shit.  100% on the money.
 His shit has been wack since AMERIKKA'S MOST WANTED.  He's so wack that I
 can't even bother coming up with insults to diss this piece of shit with,
 because he ain't worht it.


        A bitch nigga wit an attitude named Miasma
        Step to AIDS wit a fued
        Now what the fuck I look like dissing a whole coast
        You ain't made shit dope since AmeriKKKa's Most
        Wanted to cease from the Midwest to the East
        On the dick of the East for your 1st release
        Your lease is up at the crib, house niggaz get evicted
        And videos wit white boys talking you get Wicked
        Natural Born Killa, nigga you natural born God
        Look, read listen, got the nerve to say you rob
        Hyprocrite, I'm filling out your Death Certificate
        Slanging bean pies and St Ide's in the same sentence
        Shoulda repented, on the 16th of October
        Get some beats besides George Clinton to rock over
        Rap career is over, better off acting
        What trouble I see, you're managing WC and Wack 10
        You backed in to a four corner hustla
        Lying on your dick, said you was fuckin her
        Use Higher Learning, don't take my words out of text
        Went from gangsta to Islam to the dick of Das EFX
        It'll take the Nation of Millions to Hold Me Back
        From giving you mouth shots or hit wit the pipe Ralph got
        When sucker ain't around, it's your Friday, it was good
        I wasn't salty, she was wit the Boyz N the Hood

        Up on this rap shit, Miasma, I'm calling out
        I break in and smack niggaz that's in the Slaughterhouse
        This ain't no East coast, West coast, none of the above
        I'm from Chi, I went to Cali, niggaz gave me love
        There's a thin line between the fake and the real
        Grafted ass nigga, I see through your Glass Shield
        Had skills once upon a time on this project, yo
        I'm a have ta wreck a Ho'shea
        I heard a ho say you her favorite rapper
        (So what) so I had to slap her, ugn
        And violate you, a Muslim drinking brew
        Your nigga ain't no Mack 10, he's a 22
        I seen you, you ain't say shit to ATL
        Cube, I like that diamond charm, I might cuff it, then sell
        It out, like you sold Kam and Threat
        A year ago, you wasn't talking shit about the West
        Guess you knew you're shit was done plus the one got you cable
        Hoo Bangin, you ain't banging shit but the table
        And the Circle Madd, ain't got no choice but to fight
        Ain't none of y'all muthafukas got a chance on the mic
        Anytime you come out, yo, I'm a talk about you
        Until you let that bitch in you, walk up out you
        Any last words before I hit the switch
        From the immortal words of one, a bitch is a bitch

        In sum-mation:

        fuck miasma

        what a piece of shit
        he's a bitch
        die die die

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!      HOE #827 - WRITTEN BY: AIDS - 9/20/99 ]
