 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #579
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888                "Love's Labour's Lost"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "                 by Darwin
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               4/14/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

	It was the middle of March when Paul's dreams began to change. At
 first he thought it was because his diet had changed, or because he had
 stopped smoking so much marijuana all the time. Then, he thought that it
 might be an alien intelligence trying to contact him. Then, he thought
 that it might be due to climate change, ozone depletion, sickle cell
 anemia, solar radiation or localized frontal lobe seizures. The actual
 reason was far worse than any of that.

	Around the end of March, Paul got so worried that he went to see a
 Doctor. When his Doctor asked him the symptoms, Paul very calmly recited
 the story of a gripping police drama, torn from the headlines. It seems
 that a man had sent a bomb to the District Attorney's Office as revenge
 for the prosecution of his brother. Not understanding, the Doctor asked
 him for the symptoms again. This time, he told the humorous tale of a
 frustrated Big-City girl with bad luck in love. She tried time and again
 to find the right man, but each man she met was flawed in some hilarious
 and awkward way. Hearing this, the Doctor hurriedly wrote Paul a
 prescription for Hydrocodone and left without saying anything.

	The scrip was for 20 pills (and a refill), one of which should be
 used if and when Paul experienced another episode. With the wonders of
 medical science at his disposal, Paul relaxed noticably and found himself
 whistling as he prepared dinner. After finishing his meal, he put some
 mellow music on and lay down on his couch to read a book. It was a book
 about ways that unsuccessful people change their habits and become
 successful and wealthy people. 

	The next thing he knew, Paul was looking at the side of an
 Expressway. A smooth voiceover explained that the driver of the
 Recreational Vehicle on this particular road had missed his exit and had
 decided the solution was backing up the on-ramp. One smart aleck quip and
 multi-car collision later, Paul jerked awake. Shaky and disoriented, he
 eventually managed to get the pill bottle open. He lay down on top of his
 sheets and didn't wake up for the rest of the night.

	Paul didn't go to work that morning, and before lying down to
 sleep that night he took another pill. His office called and left messages
 for him, but they stopped after a week or so. His carefree attitude and
 cheerful demeanor were replaced by the blankness of a chronic chemically
 depressed zombie. The only time Paul left his apartment was to buy snacks
 at the gas station next door and when he got his scrip refilled.

	After about a month of haze, Paul's scrip ran out. He called his
 Doctor, but he was informed by the answering service that the Doctor had
 no office hours on the weekend. She told him that the Doctor was only to
 be called in an Emergengy. Paul begged her to call him, but she insisted
 he tell her what the Emergency was. A stream of words rose into an almost
 inchoerent whine as Paul desperately explained that he needed more
 medication.

	The answering service called him a junkie and hung up.

	Faced with the loss of his only respite from the attacks, Paul
 decided the only solution was to not sleep. He started with coffee but
 eventually moved to a diet of bread, milk and ephedrine diet pills. There
 were some close calls, but Paul made it two and a half weeks in sleepless
 relative comfort.

	Two and a half weeks is when Paul started hearing voices. It began
 almost inaudibly, but within days he was hearing reports of babies being
 shaken to death by their parents, houses burning down, bombs falling on
 people. Occasionally, he heard a story about a student athelete or a
 health breakthrough that promised dramatic new results in the treatment of
 something or other.

	Paul checked all the walls, all the drains, everything, but
 couldn't find the source of the voices. He started playing his music as
 loud as possible to try to drown them out. When maximum volume wasn't
 enough, Paul started howling at the top of his lungs. 

	He was still howling when the Police arrived.

	After being arrested for resisting arrest, Paul (still screaming),
 was thrown into the drunk tank of the local precinct. Unfortunately, the
 drunks appreciated his deranged yelling even less than his neighbors or
 the Police, and Paul was quickly and brutally knocked out cold.

	The next thing he knew, an Angel was helping him with his burden.
 God knew that Paul was a good man, and good men are helped by Angels in
 their time of need. 

	The Angel comforted a battered and bruised Paul and led him into a
 brilliant white light.

	As Paul opened his eyes, he was surprised to see a criminal in
 Cowboy hat and boots embroiled in a gun fight with a similarly clad
 Sheriff. Not understanding, Paul closed his eyes, only to open them a
 short time later to the criminal being apprehended and placed into police
 custody. Paul was totally exhausted, and the next time he closed his eyes,
 he didn't wake up again for a day and a half.

	When Paul woke up again, he focused on the only movement in the
 room, which in this case was a scene of two men and a woman talking. The
 man talked about his latest album and then the other man and the woman
 joined him in a song. 

	Paul hit the Nurse Call button.

	When the nurse arrived, Paul found out that he had been taken to
 the local hospital. The Police, in a singular and unprecedented act of
 mercy, had decided not to press charges for his "drunk and disorderly
 conduct", perhaps realizing that he had more serious problems. 

	Paul's recovery was surprisingly quick. After only a week propped
 up in his white bed, watching people discuss and women fall in love and
 men shoot each other and politicians pretend to have motivations and
 products sell themselves, he felt much better.  His Doctor pronounced him
 cured and he walked out of the hospital with a bounce in his step.

	Paul went home, took a box out of his closet, plugged it in and
 lived happily ever after.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!    HOE #579 - WRITTEN BY: DARWIN - 4/14/99 ]
