 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #553
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888                 "Why Am I So Nice?"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "                 by Anilos
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               4/6/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        It was saturday night, and I was sitting in perkins as per usual
 with my good (and only) friend, Josh.  I knew something substantial was
 going to happen this night, I just couldn't put my finger on it.  We both
 only had two cups of coffee before leaving (which is VERY rare, usually we
 have about 6 cups.  I kid you not, I'm fairly pathetic.) and that signaled
 the beginning of a night more eventful than usual.  

	It's a sad thing when the employees at perkins know you by name and
 you know them by name.  (Me and Josh have both decided to try a new place
 this upcoming weekend, but it's Spokane and that's going to be fairly
 hard.)  One of the employees, Rob, I am convinced is always strung out on
 something when we get there, he's always there the same time we are and he
 usually serves us.  Rob one night was particularly nutty and he decided to
 tell us of this super duper idea he had for coffee.  He proposed that we
 put ice in our cups then fill it with coffee for a delicious refreshment.
 At first I was very skeptical, (and convinced he was insane) but I decided
 to humor him and did what he suggest and the weirdest thing happened, I
 actually liked it.  Now, there really is no significance in this, in fact
 the idea of iced coffee I assume is already something that a lot of places
 utilize.

        "It's going to be weird leaving this place, If I do.  We'll have to 
 find a way to keep in touch," I said.

        "Ya, actually if your going to go to the east coast we could
 probably live near my mom and my new step dad, they're about 40 minutes
 away from baltimore," Josh replied.

        "That would be rather interesting.  You were right about that Joe
 Satriani CD, the man is an amazing guitar player.  Him and John Petrucci
 are really starting to get me intrigued by the idea of playing a musical 
 instrument again, perhaps then you'd finally have someone to Jam with.  Is
 it just me or is there a certain absence of people we know here tonight."

	"Your right, it's sort of eerie."

        "Want to go rent some movies?  I don't feel like drinking any more
 coffee.  I've only had two cups of coffee what the hell is going on?"

	"We need to go to a new place to drink coffee."

	"Your right, this weekend lets try the perkins down by Cavanaughs,"
 I chuckled.  "Actually, I am rather sick of perkins, hopefully there's
 another place in this wretched town."

        So here we are, going to get an old (sort of) horror movie (In the
 Mouth of Madness) and one we were both rather interested in seeing.  (Pi)
 Actually, another friend of ours, Michelle, (Object of my depression,
 anger and crappy creative writing on my web site.) was adamant about
 seeing it and I felt it would be appropriate to spite her and rent this
 movie and watch it without her.  It was kind of mean for me to do such a
 thing, but I think it's a fitting punishment for never calling me.  (but
 then again, no one does.)

	She said "Ryan, we should just have a sleep over at your house, eat 
 junk food and rent movies like 'Pi', it would be real fun.  Me, you and
 Josh.

        "Ok, just call me sometime this soon so we can set everything up."

	"Ok, I promise I will."

        Well, Michelle, It's been two weeks and my phone hasn't rang for
 me, at all, not even once, I don't even get wrong numbers for christ's
 sake.  It's almost as if I'm being avoided on purpose.

        We reached blockbuster video at about midnight, I didn't want to
 rent from blockbuster since I had a late charge thanks to my little punk
 ass g-funk wannabe brother, Jordan.  But, Hastings was closed and
 Hollywood video was too far away for Josh to drive.  We got out of the car
 and notice these two seedy looking guys approaching us, we both figure
 they're drunk off their ass and probably will just try to assault us.
 (typical cliche') Before we go inside Josh heard them call for us, but
 both of us didn't make it out and just proceeded inside.  We got the movies
 and approached the counter, we had just been there the night before but I
 didn't have the money to pay the late fee.  This time though it was
 different, now I had forgotten the blockbuster card but had the money.  I
 uttered a particularly nasty curse under my breath and told her I didn't
 have my ID on me, school, or otherwise.  But thankfully the same lady who
 had worked the previous night was working here again and was very nice.

        "Well, just give me some information about where you live and who's
 name the card is under."

        I told her the required information and just hoped she would allow
 me to rent these movies.

        "I'll just make it look like I asked for your card and you showed
 it to me, ok?  Just promise me you'll bring your card next time."

        It was odd, here was a really nice person, bending the rules so my
 lameass can rent some movies.  Maybe Humanity, well Spokane in particular
 isn't entirely hopeless when it comes to generosity and kindness.  As we
 left the door and proceeded to Josh's car we again noticed the drunk
 looking man again and Josh hurried to the car, I knew he was coming in our
 direction, a lot of things were running through my head.  Who was he?
 What did he want?  Is he crazy, drunk, or a homicidal maniac?  Am I
 blowing this way out of proportion?  No, he was none of these.

        "Hey, do you have a $1.50 I can have?  My friend and I are stranded
 here and need to take the bus home."

        Not a murderer or drunken slob, Not a lunatic babbling incoherently
 or even a homeless bum.  He was just a man trying to get home.  My natural
 affinity to be kind and generous kicked in and I gave him my last two
 dollars so he could get home.  I got in the car.

	"What did he want?"

	"He needed money for a ride home, so I gave him some money."

	"I was half expecting him to try to pick a fight with us or 
 something."

	"Ya, me too..."

        Suddenly it hit me.  Like a ton of bricks, a bag of cement in the
 crotch (it hurts just saying that, now that I think of it.)

        "Jesus christ I'm way too fucking nice.  I don't even know if the
 guy really needed the money, but I didn't care.  I was generally concerned
 about the poor guy."

        I could sit here all day and bitch about how me being so nice to
 everyone is totally contradictary of how I'm treated in return.  But I'm
 not going to, what I'm curious to know is why I'm so nice and how the hell
 did I get so nice?  Now that I've read over this pretty dumb story with
 no true meaning behind it, I realize that while you can be the nicest guy
 on the planet, that probably means you can't write stories (or articles for
 that matter) worth shit.  I think I blew this whole thing way out of
 proportion, my medicine makes me prone to mood swings so maybe that's why
 I'm so erratic.  Only 4 more months though, until this dumb (But
 necessary) treatment is over.  But that's a story for another time.  Until
 then, stay in school and don't do drugs kids (I had to put something
 wholesome).

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!     HOE #553 - WRITTEN BY: ANILOS - 4/6/99 ]
