 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #537
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888               "Things That Annoy Me"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "                 by Anilos
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               3/27/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        1.) Teenage Law Professors who say they're going to sue me.

        It's time for a bitch fest, here are some things that really
 irritate me.  Let's start off with the most boring (to most) topic.
 People who claim they'll sue over the most mundane things.  (i.e. you say
 something in school and some idiotic person claims that's sexual
 harassment and can take you to court.)

        Here's the two type of people who usually say such things.
      
      Future Lawyer #1: The people who say it, but in a joking manner and
                        really have no intention of following through.
                        These people rarely say such a comment but when they
                        do it is appropriate and maybe even funny somtimes.

      Future Lawyer #2: The people who say it, mean it, and have no fucking
                        idea what they are getting themselves into.  They
                        may not necessarily follow through with the threat
                        but they always talk about how they're going to take
                        someone to court on a common basis.  This may vary
                        with how annoyingly moronic the person is.

        Why is it so stupid to claim your going to sue someone over
 something?  There are a number of reasons, it can take months up to years
 to just have a pre-trial hearing.  The court systems are so backed up with
 people who may get ahead of you because their crimes are more serious (and
 due process says you are entitled to a fair and speedy trial).  Now, truly,
 is it really worth the long wait and legal fees to really litigate someone
 over an otherwise innane comment or action?  Allow me to answer for you,
 No, it isn't.  If you still want to follow through and try to take someone
 to court my advice is this:  bring in an arbitrator, settle out of court,
 or you can always do what I tell people who want to follow through on this
 "Go to the nearest 10+ story building and fling yourself out of window,
 because you are a goddamn idiot."

        That reminds me of something funny.  Ever hear of the "Darwin
 Awards"? It's an award given to people who have killed themselves/been
 killed in the stupidest ways that it's a blessing they were removed from
 the gene pool.  One of the winners was a lawyer who was demonstrating the
 durability of the building he worked in by leaning against a window.  The
 window cracked, broke, and he plummeted to his death (some 20 stories I
 believe.  Can't remember off the top of my head.)  Isn't that funny?  No?
 Well I thought so, go to hell.

        2.) My absent minded demeanor.

        Hopefully some of you noticed that the point above really had no
 closure to it.  If you caught it, congratulations, this brings up another
 agitating aspect of everyday life.  I have a very absent mind, I'll talk
 about something then begin talking about a different topic entirely without
 ever finish talking about the previous topic.  This, however I usually
 catch and remedy.  But there's just this one process that keeps repeating
 itself day after damn day.  I go to the DECA snack shack (at my high
 school.) and I usually buy the same thing (yes, it's really sad I have a
 routine for eating food.) that being, Cookies, donuts, a soda and skittles.
 (All essential in a well-balanced, nutritious lunch.)  Now, I never start
 with the skittles and maybe that's why this happens.. I ALWAYS forget about
 the damn skittles.  I put them in my backpack and forget about them
 totally, only to find them a few days later, after which I proceed to eat
 them.  One time it got so bad that I essentially had 3 full bags of
 skittles scattered all over my house.  And it's only with this candy, what
 the hell is with that?!

        3.) Loud, obnoxious twits.

        I'm a quiet person, I enjoy a quiet environment.  Unfortunately when
 I'm at school, my hopes for a quiet environment are more often than not,
 shattered, by these loud assholes who scream to each other on the other
 side of the building.  But that's not all, It's not constructive
 conversation, oh no, can't have that in a high school setting apparently,
 they have to yell the most retarded remarks.  Comments on how they go so
 drunk that weekend or how fucked up they got on drugs, Now, this brings up
 my opinion on drugs and alcohol.  Alcohol I like, Drugs, I don't like or
 do but that does not mean I'm entirely against them.  Do what you want,
 it's your body, not mine.  The funniest aspect of my opinion on drugs and
 alcohol is when people start throwing statistics my way explaining how
 alcohol is worse than drugs.  Let me just spell it out nice and simple here
 for those who were about to do that:  I DO NOT FUCKING CARE ABOUT YOUR
 LAMEASS STATISTICS AND OFF BASE OPINIONS.  It seems my absent mind has
 kicked in again, let me proceed back to the original point of this whole
 bitch session.  Here's a example I Just cooked up that I base on a lot of
 the things I hear in the hallway everyday.

        Person #1 <Screaming to person #2 who is 20 feet away>: Ya I got so
 fucking drunk last night and I had sex with about a dozen guys, it was
 fucking rad, fuck this fuck that, bla bl bla.

        Person #2 <Screams back, apparently is too lazy to walk that far>:
 Really? That's real cool, I got fucked up on acid last night and
 participated in a wild orgy.  I hate being on the pill, it makes me sick. 

        So forth and so on. 

        4.) Cover bands that aren't cover bands.

        Now, maybe your asking "What the hell are you talking about?"  Well
 allow me to use my prime example... the band, Godsmack.  I'm very sorry to
 all of their fans but NEVER in my life have I seen a band so blatantly rip
 off a band that was around/still is around.  Godsmack is a mock ripoff of
 Alice In Chains.  Let's look at some little "coincidental" facts:

        - Godsmack, the name itself is an alice in chains song on the cd
         "Dirt".

        - The singer sounds so much like Layne Staley I actually thought it
          was a new Alice in chains song when I heard it.  Everyone in the
          car thought AIC had a new song out.

        - The guitars sound like pre "Tripod" with the exclusion of the way
          AIC used acoustics in "Sap" and "Jar Of Flies".

        - Ironically they show up after Alice in Chains had been on hiatus,
          it's my prediction that if AIC ever comes out with a new cd,
          they'll disappear into obscurity.

        I'm sure I can point out more discrepancies, but I don't really want
 to try right now.  I realize that a lot of bands out there cannot
 necessarily create their own unique sound without being labeled as a
 copycat of a band that was around previously, but when they sound THIS
 alike it's just far too obvious.  I know I was going to write something
 else, but I forgot, so I'll quit while I'm still ahead. 

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!    HOE #537 - WRITTEN BY: ANILOS - 3/27/99 ]
