 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #608
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888          "Things That Annoy Me, Episode 2"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "             by Anilos [5/6/99]
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        This is the illegitimate children of things that annoy me.

        - "Bands" with no artistic merit at all:

        I have a bone to pick with these morons who parade around as
 musicians.  The backstreet boys, N'sync, 98 degrees, and whatever gay new
 kid on the block has decided to make a "comeback".  Before we get into what
 I don't like about them let's observe an interesting point.  The supreme
 court of the U.S. dictates that anything with no artistic meric, that
 invokes sexual thoughts, is obscene and pornography.  Hmm, so does that
 make these "groups" pornographic?  My answer, yes, anything to get them
 off the radios and I'll favor it.  Consider it seriously though, do they
 really have ANY artistic merit?

        Sure music is protected speech, but that doesn't mean it's 100%
 protection, like a form of birth control it can never be 100%.  These
 groups and other genres of music that I don't particularly like are no
 valuable at all in an artistic point of view, and if they are I'd be oh so
 happy to know how.  Their lyrics in one form or another revolve around the
 same thing.. Sex, girls, broken hearts, et cetera, so forth and so on.  No,
 normally I wouldn't care one way or another about this, but goddamnit
 that's my schtick they're pirating!  Why can't I make millions of dollars
 whining about things that I bitch about every waking moment of my life?
 Well, there's a simple answer to such a question I realize, I'm not
 attractive enough to be "Marketable" material.

        In all honesty, I bet I could be the most talented singer on the
 planet and I would still never, ever get a record deal and make the money
 these idiots do because of my unattractive nature, but I'm not bitter,
 really.  To me they are totally obscene and something tells me that no
 teenage girl who is obsessed with them can even deny the idea that they
 have had sexual thoughts about them, this especially applys to females
 ages 16-20, typically.  Therefore, technically they can be classified as
 pornographic (And I'm not even taking into account the way they dress in
 their music videos).

        - 10-10 Numbers:

        If anyone reading this isn't sick of these damn commercials (if you
 watch Tv at all, but I have a hard time believing people who say "I never
 watch TV, ever.) then you really need to learn what redundancy is.  I
 can't sit down and watch "The Daily Show" or anything for that matter
 without seeing one or even two of those commercials. 

        TV: "Dial 10-10-345 and save a bundle!"
        Me: "Shut up"
        TV: "Dial 10-10-321 and get 50% off..."
        Me: "Jesus christ it's like I'm being followed"
        TV: "Dial 10-10-9000 for directory assistance.."
        Me: <eye twitches, lazy eye rolls out of my head.>
        TV: "Sick of all of these 10-10 numbers?"
        Me: "Yes, very much so."
        TV: "Then just remember this one number..10-10..."
        Me: "@!*()!*@(HKJHSA!)(*)!@*@(!)!*)( FUCK YOU TV!"

        Needless to say the rest of this just sort of writes itself from
 here.  If I had the money too I would have destroyed the television by this
 time.

        - I refuse to see movies with the following people in it:

        Sarah Michelle Geller
        Claire Danes
        Elijiah Wood
        Katie Holmes
        Reese Witherspoon
        Keanu Reeves (The Matrix was good, but as usual his acting SUCKED.)
        Jonathan Taylor Thomas
        Skeet Ulrich (He's playing Kevin Mitnick in the upcoming movie
                     "Takedown" which just makes my blood curdle thinking
                     about it, the script to that is a total farce.)
        Matthew Liliard (I'm kind of in the middle of this, in some cases,
                        his... unique way of acting is good, otherwise, he
                        sucks as well.)
        Leonardo DiCaprio 
        David Arquette (He's too much of a hyperactive, jittery kind of guy
                       for me to like.)

        And much more...MUCH more.

        - I also refuse to see movies with the following:

        Proceeds with the following "An MTV production"

        Is related to Disney (this doesn't include "Miramax", those
 loveable guys who released Clerks, Mallrats, and Chasing Amy. )

        - Some forms of organized religion:

        I'm a avid reader, and I must say that I enjoy reading up on serial
 killers a lot. Now, before you pigeonhole me as being a psychopath (which
 is the usual reaction at school.)  it's just for knowledgeable purposes.
 (i.e. the psychology behind what they do.)  After reading up on several
 serial killers and of course the famous Charles Manson, I noticed a pattern
 in all of them.  They say that one of the signs of a serial killer is a
 troubled childhood, of all of the killers I've read about most of them had a
 mom or dad who were so religious that they instilled a fear in the soon to
 be murderers of everything that was not religions, prime examples of this
 kind of childhood are Eddie Gein, and one of the Hillside Stranglers, Ken
 Bianchi.  The following was taken from "The Crime Library Website"
 (www.crimelibrary.com):

        "It took a few moments to sink in, but soon Schley realized that it
 wasn't a deer at all, it was the headless butchered body of a woman.
 Bernice Worden, the fifty-year-old mother of his deputy Frank Worden, had
 been found.

        While the shocked deputies searched through the rubble of Eddie
 Gein's existence, they realized that the horrible discoveries didn't end
 at Mrs. Worden's body.  They had stumbled into a death farm.   

        The funny-looking bowl was a top of a human skull.  The lampshades
 and wastebasket were made from human skin.

        A ghoulish inventory began to take shape: an armchair made of human
 skin, female genitalia kept preserved in a shoebox, a belt made of nipples,
 a human head, four noses and a heart.

        The more the looked through the house, the more ghastly trophies
 they found. Finally a suit made entirely of human skin.  Their heads spun
 as they tried to tally the number of woman that may have died at Eddie's
 hands."

        This article written by Rachael Bell paints just one horrifying
 aspect of what organized religion can do to some people, sometimes; Eddie
 Gein's activities are what led to the creation of "Buffalo Bill" in 'The
 Silence of the Lambs'.  The idea that religion, if ingrained into a child's
 head strong enough can lead to such atrocities makes me irate, and only
 fuels my hatred for most forms of religion. 

        - Reprocussions of the Littleton, CO shooting:
	
        I know I'm going to step on some toes with this one...

        Everyone is talking about the shooting, my standing on it is a very
 simple one, I don't care.  I really truly don't care, but before you claim
 I'm a heartless bastard, hear me out for a minute before you stone me.
 Honestly now who did not see something like this happening in the future?
 How can you be surprised at the animosity of these two kids when you knew
 it was going to happen you just didn't know when or where?  Barry Loukaitis
 in Medical Lake (place near spokane, some guy killed 2 students and a
 teacher there about 4 years ago.), the jonesboro thing, and some others.
 It's all gotten progressively worse, and using logic and some thermodynamic
 law ( with time, entropy/disorder increases) it's fairly safe to assume
 that the violence in school will escalate even more.  Now, it was tragic,
 I'll admit that.  I'm not totally heartless it was a very disheartening
 event, but it's not something I plan on dwelling on for more than one day.

        Now that you know my standing on it, allow me to demonstrate how you
 can reaaallllyyy piss me off.  Two days after the shooting, I hear from my
 good friend Michelle that a group of people donned trench coats, painted
 their faces white and advocated the "Trench coat mafia" all day, even going
 so far as to vandalize the school's bathrooms with such atrocious
 statements as "the trench coat mafia is supreme!", etc.  I don't mind
 people joking about it, I joke about it and I believe that joking about it
 in fact may even help in some form or another.  But there is a fine line
 before you go to far, whether these kids were joking or not I don't know
 but they definitely overstepped their bounds.  The worst part of all is
 that I knew 2 of the people who did this, two of my friends got a rise out
 of this, needless to say I refuse to talk to them now.  And now, With the
 antics of these immature teenagers I'm trying to do my best to comfort my
 friend who is afraid of going to school because such an event can occur
 anywhere, and at any given moment.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!     HOE #608 - WRITTEN BY: ANILOS - 5/6/99 ]
