 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #524
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8 
    888     888 888      888 888                    "For Kelly 2"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "                 by Isaac
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o              3/21/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        Dream segment:

        I am walking somewhere by the side of a road.  It is night.  I fall
 down because my bag is so heavy.  I try to get up but I just flop around
 ineptly and I feel very stupid.  Then I see Kelly walking past me.  I
 wonder if she will help me or feel pity for me but she does not see me and
 she just keeps on walking very quickly.

        When you get as old as me you forget how to do things like how to
 relate to others.  Not that I am old as in lived a long life but I feel
 old like a bitter, wrinkled face, tired, old man.  I feel like I am
 wasting away.  I feel like I am nearing death.

        I have been digging my own grave for such a very long time.  I have
 dough a hole deep into not only the world of my unconscious, which some
 find so terrifying in themselves, but also into the realm of thought and
 answering questions which some find so futile.  I don't know why I am so
 intrigued with my unconscious and the make up of my psyche or why my
 thoughts wander off into what some call "the mysteries of life" while
 other people go about there life looking straight forward and only rarely
 glancing at those very dark regions above them and below them and feeling
 too over whelmed to keep looking.  They talk themselves into thinking such
 things would not be a 'worth-while' task to undertake.

        One day I stop digging that dirty, uncomfortable hole and I look
 up into the 'others' world.  Someone yells down, "Why don't you get a
 life".  Such an obviously stupid suggestion, but later the same message
 comes back to me from a deep layer with in:

        Why aren't you following this bright, clean, well know and
 frequently traveled path.  It may still have a few bumps or rocks in the
 road that haven't been kicked aside yet but I am guessing it is more
 enjoyable then that dirty, dark hole you are digging.  You will not find
 the end of it.  If that is what you are looking for.  To enjoy life one
 must enjoy the means and not the ends.  For the means are always there and
 the ends rarely come.  The only real end there can be is death.  You will
 die in that dark hole you are digging.  Death will be your only eternal
 golden "philosopher's stone".  Your beloved shining giggling child of
 wonder is really a fierce demon and will strike you down and kill you.
 You will die alone.  You will be seen as a fool.

        You are right.  The female side of my being has finally made me see
 her ways after so long.

        I let the shovel fall from my hand.  I feel wasted.  Looking up out
 of my hole I see the beautiful white hands and the interesting, almost
 stoic, face of girl.  I reach my hand up and she looks back confused.  I
 laugh at myself as I see how foolish I was to think such a thing could
 save me from myself.  It is obvious even if she understood my attempt to
 reach out with my letter and actually cared about me enough to want me out
 of my hole she would not know any method of saving me.  With more
 observation the truth is even less encouraging.  I see a girl who can not
 relate to me at all.  All I get out of it is a few curious looks before
 she decides to continue on her way.  Of course I hope that she hasn't.  I
 hope that she knows something.  I hope that perhaps she will somehow show
 me something that, in some way, enhances life or enlighten my view of it.
 In this way she becomes my Nova-Lucifer (the strange new bringer of light,
 and perhaps a new personification of the my age old Nova-Object projected
 on to a real person).  I hope for things that are very improbable.  But
 desperately, I don't want her to leave me here, no matter what the
 situation.  For when one is in the dark places like I am, any attention is
 good attention.

        Now is a new time of such greatly complex and deeply rooted
 problems that only emotional, 'irrational' solutions exist.

        It is depressing that from my position she is seems inaccessible.
 To me she has becomes the figure head of a whole world that I feel I have
 left behind and I can't get back to.

        One time in class tears came from my eyes and I pressed my shirt
 sleeves against my eyes to dry them and hind the fact.  I was successful.
 I laughed at myself a little.  It took a great deal of ego-conscious
 energy to keep the tears back.  Perhaps I was keeping them back, not only
 because it is embarrassing, but because I didn't feel like trying to
 explain.  It is hard enough to explain to myself.  It is very hard to give
 a letter to a girl you don't know in a world you have forgotten how to
 get back to.

        Aww wah so sad.

        Lately I am becoming fond of thoughts of my own death.

        Why does it feel so wrong to want to share my thoughts with
 someone.  Perhaps because she makes me feel very stupid when she asks me
 why I would desire to share my thoughts with her.  You might as well ask
 me why I desire to live, for both come from the same psychic level.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!     HOE #524 - WRITTEN BY: ISAAC - 3/21/99 ]
