 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #589
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888              "Gang Bang Business Trip"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "                 by Jamesy
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               4/21/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        Men who travel on business regularly have a unique opportunity to
 get in a little fun that for the most part goes to waste.  I was luckier
 than most on my last trip and spent all my nights with three of the most
 sexually active ladies I have ever met.  I had initially thought that this
 trip could be better than most as I and my traveling companions Anjee,
 Caitlin and Tasha headed for the airport but dismissed my thoughts a
 fantasy.  Little did I know that my fantasies would not hold a candle to
 the realities of this trip.

        After a rather uneventful trip filled with boring conversation we
 arrived at the hotel where we were to give a two day training seminar to a
 number of company employees.  After completing the preliminary setting up
 for the next day I suggested we all go out to dinner together.  My
 suggestion was taken and we arranged to meet in the lobby at 6:30.
 Retiring to my room I again began to fantasize about the possibilities of
 engaging in a little fun with my traveling companions.  To say the least
 they were all quite attractive and young.  Anjee is a 5' 7" brunette with a
 pretty face and a figure that runs 35-23-36 her tits are nice and firm and
 when she's bra-less which is often she shows nice hard nipples.  Caitlin is
 tall attractive blond with nice soft tits and long slender legs and a
 fantastic ass.  Tasha who is a bit heavier than the other ladies has a set
 of knockers which easily measure in at 39+ and a nice full ass.  Just
 thinking about spending an evening of fucking and sucking any of them got
 me hard while I was showering.  Just as I was finishing my shower a knock
 at the door interrupted my fantasy leaving me with a raging hard-on.
 Trying to cover myself and my still hard 10" cock with a towel I went to
 the door to see who had disturbed me.  To my delight it was Caitlin,
 opening the door I tried to maintain my composure and asked her to come in.
 Caitlin was just out of the shower herself and needed to borrow my blow
 dryer.  I asked her to wait a minute as I ducked back into the bathroom to
 get the dryer as I retrieved the dryer I noticed Caitlin staring openly at
 my still erect cock as it bulged out the front of the towel I had thrown
 on.  I made sure I took my time getting the dryer allowing Caitlin to get a
 good look.  When I returned Caitlin asked me if she could dry her hair in
 my room rather than going back to her room and needing to return the dryer.
 Needless to say I agreed.  Caitlin move into the bathroom to dry her hair
 and I started to dress for dinner.

        Just as I was about to put on my pants Caitlin came out the bathroom
 door and caught me trying to stuff my still erect cock into my pants.
 Caitlin gazed fondly at my still stiff prick and remarked that it was
 bigger than she had thought.  I said it always seemed to satisfy and
 continued dressing not being prepared for this turn of events I silently
 cursed myself for not being quick enough to capitalize on this opportunity.
 Caitlin returned to drying her hair and then called out that she would go
 and make sure the other ladies were ready.  I heard the door closed and
 figured with that my chances for some quick fun were finished.

        I went down to the lobby and still had to wait another half hour for
 my dinner companions to join me.  After a delicious dinner at one of the
 local restaurants I suggested we go back to the hotel for drinks and see
 what type of entertainment they had in the lounge the ladies all agreed
 and Caitlin said she would like it if they had dancing.  We went straight
 to the lounge and found that indeed there was dancing in fact they had a
 live band and quite a crowd had gathered.  We managed to get a table and
 drinks in short order and settled in to small talk about our training
 session the next day.  As soon as the band started playing a slow number
 Caitlin asked me to dance, as we danced Caitlin moved in tighter and
 tighter pressing her hips into mine and causing my cock to stiffen against
 her.  Just as the music stopped Caitlin asked me if I would like to get
 together with her and the other ladies and put my stiff cock to good use.
 I was taken back a little by her offer but managed to tell her I was ready
 for anything.  As Caitlin and I walked back to the table I could tell that
 Anjee and Tasha were looking at my cock which was bulging out the front of
 my pants.  Caitlin told the other girls we were moving the party to her
 room where we would have more privacy and both Anjee and Tasha nodded their
 assent.  Once we were in the elevator and the doors had closed Anjee move
 to me placing her hand on my cock and rubbing my stiff prick and balls.
 I reached out and pulled Caitlin and Tasha to me squeezing Caitlin's firm
 ass while fondling Tasha's big tits.  Anjee reached out and began to rub
 Caitlin's tits as Caitlin's hand joined Anjee's attacking my cock.

        By the time we had reached Caitlin's room I was clear on the ladies
 intentions and ready to fuck them all.  We entered Caitlin's room and
 quickly moved to the king-size bed and proceeded to fondle and rub each
 other.  I wanted the privilege of stripping the ladies and suggested that I
 strip each one in turn as the others watched.  They all agreed and Caitlin
 was chosen to go first.  Caitlin and I moved to the foot of the bed as
 Tasha and Anjee relaxed and fondled each others tits and cunts watching me
 strip Caitlin.  I first removed Caitlin's sweater exposing her tits which
 were bra-less and firm with erect pink nipples.  Moving my right hand up
 between her legs I found she also had no panties on and proceeded to force
 two fingers up her already sopping slit and rub her clit while sucking on
 her firm tits and nibbling on those erect pink nipples.  Moving down I next
 removed her skirt exposing her full blond bush spreading her legs so Anjee
 and Tasha could see her pussy filled with my fingers.  Bending down I ate
 her pussy licking her now erect clit until Caitlin came.  Removing the
 garter belt and nylons she wore I moved her to her side and rubbed her
 tight anus and ate her pussy until she came again.

        A gentle tapping on my shoulder told me it was time to move to the
 next girl and I looked up to see Tasha looking into my eyes.  Caitlin moved
 back towards the head of the bed as I drew Tasha to me and began to fondle
 her big tits.  I could see we were all going to get into the act as I
 looked back toward Caitlin and Anjee I watched as Anjee reached down
 between Caitlin's legs and inserted three of her slim fingers into
 Caitlin's sopping cunt.  Moving quickly I removed Tasha's dress exposing
 her big tits held only by her nippless bra and a black garter belt and
 nylons framing her dark full bush.  Moving my hand down between her legs I
 forced three fingers into her sopping slit and began to massage her clit
 with my thumb.  I then reached back and undid her bra letting her full tits
 free as I sucked and licked her nipples.  I could tell Tasha was close to
 cumming as her breath was coming in short gasps and decided to make her cum
 with my mouth.  Moving down I spread her legs further and licked her cunt
 and clit removing one finger from her cunt and pushing it up her squirming
 asshole.  This was all Tasha could take and she came hard pushing and
 grinding her sweet slit into my face.  As Tasha came down from her climax I
 licked her tight anus giving her a nice rim job.  stopping only when I
 heard Anjee's voice pleading with me for her turn.

        By now I was worked up to a frenzy and there was a large wet precum
 stain on my jeans.  Anjee dropped down and began to rub my cock while she
 licked the stain on my pants.  I watched as Tasha and Caitlin snuggled up
 in the bed with each others fingers up their cunts and each squeezing the
 others tits.  Pulling Anjee up I lifted her sweater over her head exposing
 her bra-less tits and her stiff nipples taking her right tit in my mouth I
 began to suck it as I bit her nipple and pushed my hand up under her skirt.
 Running my hand up between her legs I found she too had worn no panties and
 had only nylons on under her skirt.  Reaching her pussy I found she was
 nicely shaved and her smooth hairless cunt lips were wet with pussy juice.
 I slowly removed her skirt exposing her shaved pink pussy and set to work
 finger fucking her slippery slit as I ate and licked her clit and twisted
 her long erect nipples.  This action brought Anjee to a crushing climax.
 As she was lying there regaining her breath I slowly stripped off her
 nylons and tongued her asshole getting her ready for the girls turn to
 strip me.  I could see Tasha and Caitlin were having a good time as they
 were both still probing each others cunts and had added a finger up each
 others assholes while they sucked and bit at each others tits finally
 bringing each other to climax at the same time.

        Looking my way Tasha and Caitlin licked their lips and started to
 approach me.  In no time all three ladies were on me stripping off my
 cloths and getting me ready for a hot time.  Tasha pulled down my pants and
 went right to work deep throating my cock, plunging the entire 10" down her
 tight throat.  Caitlin had move around and was ramming her fingers up my
 asshole as she rubbed her hard nippled tits against my back.  Anjee a
 little left out at first had moved under Tasha and began licking and
 sucking my balls as she finger fucked Tasha's cunt.  This was too much for
 me to stand and I began to shoot a massive load down Tasha's throat.  After
 taking my first shot deep in her throat Tasha pulled back off my cock and
 directed my second stream directly into Anjee's waiting mouth.  Tasha then
 took my third spurt in her mouth and pinched off the flow of cum until
 Caitlin's head appeared between my legs and then stuffed my cock deep into
 Caitlin's mouth as I shot again.  Caitlin continued to suck my still hard
 cock until she had milked the rest of my load and swallowed it all.  Now
 that we were all naked the fun really began and I was chosen to be the
 center of attraction.

        Anjee and Tasha moved me spread eagle on the bed and proceeded to
 suck my cock and balls as Caitlin position herself above them ready to sit
 on my stiff cock.  Anjee reached up and rammed two fingers up Caitlin's
 pussy making sure she was well lubed and drew her down on my raging prick
 while Tasha held my dick in position and fingered my anus.  I watched as
 Caitlin forced the entire 10" of my swollen meat up her slick pink cunt and
 felt Anjee ram her fingers up Caitlin's asshole and rub my cock inside.
 Meanwhile Tasha had removed her fingers from my asshole and had taken up a
 position squatting over my face, I watched as Tasha positioned herself
 ready to lower her sopping snatch onto my waiting lips and tongue.  Tasha
 was ramming two fingers in and out of her soddened snatch while rubbing her
 clit with her thumb.  Tasha slid her fingers out and moved down placing her
 sweet slit directly on my waiting mouth.  I began to eat her cunt forcing
 my tongue deeply up her throbbing cunt and licking her engorged clit.
 Meanwhile Caitlin had set up a steady rhythm pounding my straining cock
 balls deep in her slippery slit on each thrust.  Anjee stood straddling me
 facing Caitlin and had Caitlin licking her erect clit and finger fucking
 her hot pussy.  Tasha was busy ramming a dildo up Anjee's anus while
 giving her a fantastic rim job with her tongue.  A few minutes of this
 action had all of us cumming hard.  Tasha was first and flooded my face
 with her sticky juices as she convulsed with orgasm ramming her cunt down
 on my face causing my tongue to slip even deeper into her hot pink hole.
 Anjee came next replete with moans and swearing filling Caitlin's mouth and
 face with her slick juices as she moved back forcing the dildo Tasha was
 wielding deep up her anus.  And finally I and Caitlin came together as she
 rammed her tight pussy down on my straining cock covering my cock and balls
 with her hot cunt juice as I pumped a big load load of my sperm up her
 tight hot cunt.

        After a few minutes of rest the ladies were at me again, Anjee was
 sucking my cock making sure I was as hard as a rock for the next round.
 Tasha who had recovered from her climax was licking my nipples while she
 probed Anjee's exposed cunt and ass with her fingers.  Caitlin was
 fingering Tasha's cunt while she pumped her own pussy and collected the cum
 I had deposited there eagerly licking and sucking it off her fingers.  I in
 turn managed to play with Tasha's big tits rubbing those firm mounds and
 twisting her nipples.  Soon we got back down to business and Tasha rose to
 straddle my hard thick cock Caitlin reached up spreading Tasha's swollen
 cunt lips exposing the wet pink inner reaches of her tight cunt.  Anjee
 held my cock in position and rammed two fingers of her free hand up Tasha's
 throbbing anus as Tasha rammed herself down on my stiff cock with one
 continuous thrust.  As my stiff cock spread Tasha's slick tight twat I
 could feel Anjee's fingers press against my prick from inside Tasha's
 throbbing asshole.  Caitlin meanwhile had inserted two fingers up my anus
 and was reaming my ass with hard deep strokes.  Tasha engulfed my full ten
 inches setting up a hard pounding rhythm which drove my dick deep into her
 tight cunt with each stoke.  Anjee pulled her fingers from Tasha's ass and
 moved around to sit on my face.  Caitlin helped Anjee by spreading her cunt
 open as Anjee settled her shaved slippery cunt on my mouth and I forced my
 tongue deep into her pink pussy and alternated between probing her hot cunt
 and licking and sucking her erect clit.  Caitlin meanwhile had take up a
 position between Anjee and Tasha and was sucking Tasha's big tits and biting
 her nearly inch long nipples while Anjee was reaming her anus with the
 dildo and sucking her clit while she pumped 2 fingers up Caitlin's wet
 tight cunt.  Anjee was the first to cum flooding my face with her sweet
 cunt juice and mashing her sopping cunt into my mouth grinding herself to a
 complete climax.  I could not hold out any longer and began pumping my load
 up Tasha's tight hot pussy as I bucked my hips forcing my dick deeper into
 her clutching slit.  This brought Tasha to climax and she flooded my now
 softening cock with her thick cunt juice and sat down trapping my cock
 inside her pulsing twat.

        Anjee had increased her efforts on Caitlin's asshole and cunt and
 now had Caitlin nearing her climax.  Tasha sensing Caitlin's impending
 orgasm began to suck her soft tits biting and twisting Caitlin's erect
 nipples.  This took Caitlin over the top and she began to cum moaning,
 twisting and covering Anjee's face with her pussy juice.  We rested for a
 few minutes lying together in a twisted pile of sweat soaked bodies until
 we had regained enough strength to go at each other again.

        As Anjee was the only on left who had not had a chance to feel my
 cock being rammed into her pussy she watched as Tasha and Caitlin sucked
 and licked my dick restoring it to its former glory.  While they worked on
 me Anjee knelt between Caitlin and Tasha and fingered there exposed cunts
 and assholes bending to lick and suck their clits.  Soon I too was ready
 for another round and watched as Anjee squatted above my 10" prong ready
 to force it deep into her swollen slit.  Caitlin grabbed my engorged cock
 and held it ready as she eased two fingers of her other hand up my now
 pulsing anus.  Tasha rammed two fingers up Anjee's cunt withdrawing them
 slowly as she forced two fingers of her other hand deep into Anjee's
 dilated anus.  Spreading Anjee's swollen pink cunt lips Tasha helped Anjee
 mount my raging cock.  I could feel Tasha's fingers press against my
 cock thru Anjee's anal wall as Anjee slowly forced herself down the length
 of my throbbing penis.  Once Anjee had fully engulfed my raging prick
 Tasha and Caitlin moved up to my head and watched as Anjee set up a slow
 steady rhythm which caused my cock to alternate from deep in her twitching
 cunt to almost out and back.  Caitlin took up a position straddling my
 head and prepared to lower her sopping pink pussy onto my mouth.  Tasha
 rammed her finger up Caitlin's asshole and spread Caitlin's swollen cunt
 lips as I eased my tongue into Caitlin's soft pink pussy and began to eat
 her sopping slit and lick her exposed stiff clit.  Caitlin told Tasha to
 take the same position she had earlier and grabbed the big dildo ready to
 ream Tasha's tight puckered anus.  Tasha followed Caitlin's lead and soon
 was sucking Anjee's firm tits and biting her erect nipples as Caitlin
 slowly pushed the big dildo up Tasha's exposed anus until all but 2 inches
 of it 12" length was buried in her stretched asshole.  Caitlin then pushed
 two fingers up Tasha's packed pussy and began to suck, bite and lick
 Tasha's inch long erect clit.  This combined with watching my cock being
 rammed up Anjee's swollen cunt brought Tasha off in a matter of a few
 minutes.  Tasha came with a rush flooding Caitlin's mouth and face with
 her slick juice and bit down hard on Anjee's erect pink nipples.  This set
 Anjee off and she came in hard waves which clamped my cock tightly in her
 hot cunt and forced me to climax.  I came like there was no tomorrow
 filling Anjee's tight slit with my sticky load of sperm.  Sensing Caitlin
 was close to cumming I reached up grabbing her tit with one hand while
 ramming two fingers up her sopping cunt and another up her well lubed anus.
 This combined with my tonguing and sucking of her clit brought her to
 orgasm and she proceeded to fill my mouth with her sticky sweet juices as
 her cunt and anus clamped down hard on my fingers as she bucked and moaned
 out her pleasure.

        Needless to say by this point we were all covered in a mixture of
 cum, cunt juice and sweat, and very tired.  Lacking a sufficient erection
 to proceed I suggested we rest a little and shower before we attempted
 anything more.  A sense of relief came over me as the ladies whole heartily
 agreed.  As we were relaxing Tasha began to play with Anjee's pussy and
 remarked how much she liked the slick effect of Anjee's shaved cunt lips.
 Caitlin said she too liked the way it felt and asked Anjee if it felt
 better when she fucked.  Anjee told Tasha and Caitlin that it was defiantly
 better for both fucking and sucking as it made the whole area much more
 sensitive and accessible.  Tasha asked me if I had ever shaved pussy before
 and did I like the look and feel of naked cunts.  I told her and Caitlin
 that I personally preferred nicely shaved cunts and that I had been shaving
 my wifes cunt for many years.  Both Tasha and Caitlin asked me to shave
 them prior to their showers to which I readily agreed.  Moving to the
 bathroom I started on Tasha first first clipping back her full bush and
 then shaving her cunt lips clean and finishing off by shaving off the fine
 hair around her anus.  When I finished Anjee and Caitlin examined my work
 and liked the effect especially the small tuft of hair I left on the top of
 Tasha's mound.  Moving between Tasha's splayed thighs Caitlin proceeded to
 force two fingers up Tasha's now naked cunt lips while pressing her thumb
 up her anus.  Anjee began to suck and bite Tasha's nipples working her to
 climax.  Caitlin replace Tasha and I proceeded to shave her cunt and anus
 clean which was followed by Tasha and Anjee descending on Caitlin until she
 too had climaxed.  I felt that Anjee shouldn't be left out and had Caitlin
 and Tasha pleasure Anjee before we started our showers.

        Once we had all showered and refreshed ourselves that pulsing
 feeling returned to my cock and I told the girls that we should organize
 some more games as my cock needed attention.  Seeing my stiff cock Anjee
 suggested we return to the bed and start fucking.  I move Anjee to a doggie
 style position on the bed and directed Tasha to get under her with her head
 between Anjee's legs.  Tasha crawled underneath and began eating Anjee's
 pussy tonguing her hole and licking her hard clit.  I told Tasha to open
 Anjee's swollen cunt and put my cock up it.  Tasha first forced my cock
 deep into her throat then guided it deep into Anjee's tight slippery slit.
 Ramming my cock balls deep in Anjee's cunt I told her to finger and eat
 Tasha's cunt and ass.  Caitlin looked at me forlorn and I told her not to
 worry and to straddle Anjee's hips and lay back exposing her sweet slit for
 me.  I then began to finger fuck her hot cunt and anus as I bent to lick
 and suck on her exposed erect pink clit.  This made Caitlin perk up and she
 began to wiggle and squirm under my onslaught.  I especially liked the look
 and feel of the girls newly shaven pussies.  Once I had brought Anjee to
 her first orgasm I pulled out of her pulsing cunt and asked Tasha to guide
 me into Anjee's tight asshole.  Tasha grabbed my cock and placed the head
 at the entrance to Anjee's puckered pink anus and held it as I slowly
 pushed the entire 10" shaft slowly up Anjee's tight rectum.  I immediately
 set up a rapid pounding pace in Anjee's asshole which brought her and
 myself to a blistering orgasm at the same time.  Pulling out of her hot ass
 I rammed my prick into Tasha's mouth fucking her throat for all I was worth
 depositing the last of my sperm deep in her throat.  Just as I was
 finishing my own orgasm I felt Caitlin start to cum I clamped down on her
 clit while twisting my fingers into her cunt and anus.  Anjee who had
 temporarily stopped her fevered activity on Tasha resumed a frantic pace
 bringing Tasha to her climax and covering Anjee's face with her thick
 juices.

        Since I had directed the last activity Tasha claimed her turn to
 give orders and told me to get behind her and fuck her cunt doggie style.
 I complied with out complaint and spread her slick shaven cunt lips and
 rammed my cock balls deep in her sopping twat.  She then directed Caitlin
 to lie in front of her and spread her legs so she could eat Caitlin's hot
 cunt and anus.  Tasha told Anjee to sit on Caitlin's face and have Caitlin
 eat her cunt and suck my cum out of her asshole.  I set up a fast pace
 pounding the entire 10" of my cock in and out of Tasha's hot pink cunt.
 Tasha was feverishly working on Caitlin's slippery pink pussy ramming two
 fingers in and out of her cunt while lashing Caitlin's stiff protruding
 clit with her tongue and forcing her index finger deep into her throbbing
 anus.  Anjee had her cunt firmly planted on Caitlin's mouth and was
 grinding her swollen pink pussy lips into Caitlin's mouth as Caitlin probed
 Anjee's moist pussy and tight anus with her tongue.  Caitlin alternately
 licked and sucked Anjee's swollen clit and squeezed her ample tits rolling
 Anjee's hard erect nipple in her fingers.  Tasha was close to climax and
 was forcing her cunt back on my throbbing cock with ever increasing
 pressure.  Sensing her impending orgasm I forced two fingers up Tasha's
 squirming asshole and began finger fucking her tight anus.  This combined
 with the deep probing my cock was giving her clutching slit brought Tasha
 to her first orgasm.  As the waves of her pleasure subsided I pulled out of
 her cunt and positioned my cock to penetrate her tight anus rubbing my the
 head up and down on her puckered pink anus.  With one firm stroke I buried
 my throbbing cock deeply up her tight asshole until my balls slapped her
 swollen cunt lips.  My pounding in Tasha's anus forced her mouth more
 deeply into Caitlin's cunt triggering Caitlin's climax which flooded
 Tasha's mouth and face with her slick juices.  Anjee was near her orgasm
 and watching Caitlin cum forced Anjee over the top also and she released
 her sweet thick juices into Caitlin's waiting mouth and face covering her
 with her cum.  Watching these ladies climax got me really hot and I began
 to cum pumping a thick juicy load of sperm up Tasha's twitching anus.  As
 I shot my load into Tasha I could feel her reach her second orgasm as her
 asshole milked the cum from my spurting dick.  I pulled out of her asshole
 and moved to Caitlin's head forcing my still swollen cock deeply down her
 throat spending the last of my ejaculation in her tight throat.  I
 collapsed on the bed as Caitlin continued to Suck my cock and finger my
 anus keeping me hard in preparation for her turn.

        It was a while until I could regain my desire for the ladies but
 their continual assault on my senses made me rise to the challenge once
 more.  Caitlin was in charge for this round and demanded I fuck her cunt
 asshole and mouth.  Anjee and Tasha were ready and willing to go at me but
 felt Caitlin should have her turn being the queen of the may.  Caitlin
 positioned herself above my cock and directed Anjee and Tasha to open her
 pussy to accept my straining member.  Tasha spread Caitlin's pink swollen
 cunt lips as Anjee held my cock in position for to be thrust up Caitlin's
 now dripping pussy.  Tasha slowly inserted two of her fingers up Caitlin's
 tight anus while Anjee guided Caitlin down onto my ridged cock forcing it
 deeply up her tight slit.  Once Caitlin had me fully rammed up her cunt she
 asked Tasha to get a strap on double dildo from the nightstand.  Never
 losing her pounding rhythm on my cock Caitlin helped Anjee force the thick
 plastic shaft up Tasha's well juiced twat fingering her tight asshole in
 the process.  Once Tasha was fully decked out in her new prick Caitlin told
 Tasha to fuck her anus with the huge plastic penis sticking out of her
 cunt.  Anjee helped Tasha force the plastic shaft deep into Caitlin's
 twitching asshole while Caitlin continued to fuck herself silly on my hard
 shaft.  After Tasha had gotten her new prick buried deeply into Caitlin's
 ass Caitlin had Anjee sit on my face and grind her swollen pussy and
 engorged clit into my mouth and tongue.  The feeling on my cock was
 tremendous and I could feel the dildo being pounded in and out of Caitlin's
 anus by Tasha as my own cock was rammed in and out of Caitlin's packed
 pussy by her unrelenting strokes.  Soon I could just not take it another
 minute and began to shoot my river of cum deep into Caitlin's hot cunt as I
 heard Tasha reach her own climax.  Caitlin began to buck and wither on my
 now pulsing cock bringing herself to climax and collapsing on my chest.
 Anjee began to thrust her cunt harder against my mouth and tongue nearing
 her own orgasm.  Sensing she needed a little help i reached back and rammed
 two fingers up her exposed asshole and began biting and sucking her stiff
 clit.  This was all Anjee needed and she to began to climax drenching my
 face with the last of her sweet cunt juice.  After this we all cleaned up
 being too fucked out to continue.

        I was late for the training session every day, but if the audience
 only knew why, I think they would have understood.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!    HOE #589 - WRITTEN BY: JAMESY - 4/21/99 ]
