
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #843
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888                   "To Angeldust"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "                 by JubJub
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               9/24/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        I'm writing this hoe file in response to a line in Angeldust's recent
 hoe file.  Normally I wouldn't do this, but in the past two weeks I have
 heard way too much drug ignorance going around.  People. I implore you.
 Before you do a drug READ UP ON IT.  I would recommend reading as many books
 on drugs as you can, but if you're cheap check out www.lycaeum.org/drugs and
 www.hyperreal.org/drugs.  These sites will at least erase some of your
 ignorance.  Please use good judgement.  I'm sorry if this has embarrassed
 you, AngelDust, but it's for your own good.

 >I wish I had some sleeping pills. I haven't slept in two days. I tripped
 >two nights ago and last night I rolled. I think the pill was cut
 >with heroin because it was really smacky.

 [-----]

 From: Nicholas Saunders <nicholas@neals.cityscape.co.uk>
 Date: Sun, 27 Nov 1994 10:43:13 GMT
 Newsgroups: alt.drugs
 Subject: Ecstasy spiked with heroin and other rumours

        This is an edited version of an article in December issue of Eternity
 mgazine Rumours

 You've probably heard stories of E being spiked with addictive and
 poisonous substances. True, when you buy "Ecstasy" there's no quality
 control and you may well get cocktails of other drugs, particularly when
 the dealer has run out of MDMA. You may also get a dud. But not heroin or
 poison.

 Every day the police confiscate suspect drugs which are sent to a
 forensic laboratory at Aldermaston specially equipped to detect drugs,
 and they have never come across drugs sold as Ecstasy containing heroin.
 People taken to hospital with possible drug problems have samples of
 their blood sent to the National Poisons Unit which has special equipment
 to detect drugs: heroin has not been found in the blood of patients
 reported to have taken only Ecstasy. So how did the rumours start?

 A year ago Time Out magazine ran a double page feature entitled "Bitter
 Pills", subtitled "Ecstasy has turned to agony for thousands of E users"
 as dealers spike tablets and capsules with heroin, LSD, rat poison and
 crushed glass. The story was repeated all over the place, even in a
 Danish newspaper.

 I questioned the source quoted: Stephen Beard of the Newham Drugs Advice
 Project. He was elusive, and when I finally I got him on the phone would
 only say that the story came from a dealer who said he made fake Ecstasy
 by crushing light bulbs. There was no supporting evidence such as lab
 tests or reports from doctors who had treated users. The National Poisons
 Unit told me there had been no recent cases of poisoning due to ground
 glass or rat poison. Yet, in spite of my protests, Newham and Time Out
 did nothing to correct the story. Likewise, Mixmag's recent feature on
 Ecstasy omitted to mention the Glasgow tests showing that Ecstasy was not
 contaminated, even though they had the results. Mixmag also said: "300mg
 MDMA can kill a small girl" (the lowest lethal dose recorded in animal
 trials was 20mg/kilo, or 300mg for someone weighing 15kg: a very small
 girl); and "MDA is like strong LSD mixed with speed" (MDA has no LSD-like
 effects, it is similar to MDMA but longer lasting and with less warmth).

 Its as though no-one wants to undermine the established myths.
 One of these came from a satirical song in the fifties called The Old
 Dope Peddler: "He gives the kids free samples because he knows full well,
 that today's young innocent faces will become tomorrow's clientele". Its
 no more likely than your local wine merchant going to the trouble and
 expense of injecting bottles with heroin, hoping that you will become an
 addict to boost his sales. True, some dealers cheat by selling any old
 white powder as Ecstasy, but cheats are unlikely to sell heroin at a loss
 or go to the trouble of crushing light bulbs.

 Most of the substitutes found in Ecstasy are not harmful, but can produce
 unexpected effects. However, before you blame the pill, you should
 realise just how important is the situation and you own expectations. In
 fact, very few people realise and accept how much the effect of drugs
 like Ecstasy depends on their own situation, and state of mind at the
 time. My best E experience was caused by an identical tablet as one that
 made a friend sick and another that had no effect (at a party in an
 enclosed tunnel).

 Remember that E is not simply a happy pill, but lowers your defences and
 allows you to open up. However, it may be more comfortable to remain
 defensive and reserved unless you are in a situation where you feel good.
 E can bring up suppressed feelings which you may not be prepared to face.
 More on situations to avoid and emotional dangers next month.

 Deaths in Scotland
 I have been trying to discover what caused the deaths at Hanger 13 - so
 as to inform people and prevent more tragedies. I have even spoken to say
 they know but can't tell because, mad though it seems, Scottish law
 prohibits them from revealing cause of death. However, the Home Office
 licensed Glasgow University to collect and analyse 15 samples of
 "Ecstasy" after the deaths. 14 were pure MDMA and one was a capsule that
 contained speed with just a trace of MDMA. So it seems unlikely that
 these deaths were due to poisons sold as Ecstasy. Incidentally, doctors
 who had talked to users of "Rhubarb and Custard" said they believed it
 contained "MDMA plus a strong hypnotic" (e.g. heroin). In fact it was
 pure MDMA.

 A possibility, believed by the National Poisons Unit, is that these
 people died from overheating which has been the cause of nearly all rave
 deaths, particularly in clubs with nonstop hard core techno, no chill-out
 area and no free water. The tragedy is that those people didn't know the
 importance of avoiding overheating. The media love to say that people who
 take Ecstasy risk dropping dead without warning, but the warning is clear
 to those who look out for it: getting too hot. The risk can be avoided by
 taking breaks, cooling off and drinking plenty of water. Overheating also
 kills people who do not take drugs, but without drugs the discomfort is
 more obvious.

 Another theory is that the Scottish victims took Temazapam or Valium with
 Ecstasy. Reports say the two taken together can "hit you like a hammer".
 The lesson is: "Don't mix E with other drugs and don't take too much too
 often".

 My book E for Ecstasy is completely sold out, but a revised edition is
 freely available on Internet in two locations. You can download the book
 in two files located at: ftp://ftp.hmc.edu/pub/drugs/mdma/e.for.ecstasy.Z
 and e.for.ecstasy.append.Z. You can also browse through the book
 on-screen and find references using hypertext: use World Wide Web and do
 a Lycos search for Ecstasy. The next printed edition is due by the end of
 February 1995.

 [-----]

 From: cooper@hacktic.nl (cooper)
 Newsgroups: alt.drugs
 Subject: Dutch analysis of Ecstasy(Re: FWD : Analysis of current `extasy')
 Date: 3 Feb 1994 12:17:22 +0100
 Message-ID: <2iqmggINNnam@xs4all.hacktic.nl>

 [Excellent analysis of Australian sample of MDEA deleted]

 In a recent visit to the Dutch Drugsadviesbureau (Drugs-advice-bureau) I 
 was allowed to look into their unpublished samples analysis lists. It was
 for me at least an eye-opener. Several hundreds of street samples were
 listed
 with exact contents, along with shape, size and other markers by which to
 identify the samples. Basically, there were 4 categories:

 1) It was what it was sold as.
 2) There were impurities
 3) It was a ripp-off
 4) It was pure stuff, but of a different kind that it was sold as.
 
 Most samples (>75%) fell into categories 1 & 4. That includes MDMA being
 sold as MDEA, or vice versa, or MDA being sold as MDMA, or just MDMA being
 sold as MDMA. Category 2 only listed impurities being caffeine and a single
 case of MDA being mixed in with MDMA. (MDA being the impurity).
 The ripp-offs in category 3 where about 50/50 distributed between pure
 filler
 and caffeine (up to 250 whopping mg.) So their conclusion was that allthough
 you shouldn't risk being sold caffeine as MDMA, the quality is generally OK,
 if you don't mind a little caffeine (40 mg. or so ) added to your MD[ME]A.
 
 Dosages didn't vary that much lowest I saw was 75 mg. MDMA, highest 165.
 MDEA lowest 110, highest 150. So that's for the Dutch market. Anyone got
 info for other countries?

 --Cooper

 [-----]

        Also check out http://www.ecstasy.org/testing/index.html for more
 ecstasy purity tests.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!    HOE #843 - WRITTEN BY: JUBJUB - 9/24/99 ]
