 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #603
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888                 "The Girl From Mars'
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8              Superhero Story"
    888     888 888      888 888    "                
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o   (based on actual events, kinda)
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8      by Girl From Mars [5/6/99]
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        Once upon a time there was a small village inhabited by shiny happy
 college students.  All was peaceful in the village because it was protected
 by the all-powerful superhero, the Girl From Mars.  The shiny happy college
 students all loved their Martian protector, and she loved them as well.
 Every time there was a problem, the Girl from Mars came to the rescue.
 Problems with registering for classes?  She had a magic touch when it came
 to getting through to the phone registration system.  Don't know where your
 classes are?  Her mind was a veritable map of the village.  Hung over?  Her
 remedies were the best.  The Girl from Mars never faced much adversity, her
 usual enemy was the giant unnecessary bureaucracy which governed the
 village.  She was an uncommon superhero in that she did not have an
 Arch-Enemy.  That would soon change, or else this is a pretty stupid
 story.

        It was a beautiful sunny day in the village.  Everyone went about
 their business with smiles on their faces, for they knew that nothing
 could go wrong under the supervision of their resident superhero.
 Suddenly, the sky grew dark.  "Funny, it wasn't supposed to rain today,"
 all the students said to each other.  "The Girl from Mars makes sure the
 forecasts in the newspaper are accurate."  Then the students heard a
 thunderous guffawing.  A voice, from out of nowhere, said, "Haw haw haw, I
 am Superstank, a superhero from the Twonk galaxy.  I have come to overthrow
 the Girl from Mars!  Haw haw haw!"

        The students hurried to the Girl from Mars' house to tell her the
 dreadful news.  The Girl from Mars had never had to deal with a threat of
 this nature, and was not sure what to do.  She consulted her beloved
 students, and came to the conclusion that a showdown was in order.  She had
 heard much of the Twonk galaxy, and its residents' below-average superhero
 skills.  She laced up her steel-toe boots, put on her favorite superhero
 cape, and ventured outside to face her Twonky enemy.

        "Alright Superstank, give me all you've got!" she shouted, ready to
 face anything to save her dear village.  Suddenly, a hideous misshapen
 face peered out from behind a tree.  "Come and face me, I can handle
 anything you dish out!" the Girl from Mars challenged.  The face continued
 to leer out at her from behind the tree.  "Come on, then!" the Girl from
 Mars yelled.  The creature made itself visible, and shouted at our hero, "I
 am Superstank and I will take over your village!" then Superstank ran off
 in the other direction.  "Sheesh, that was weird," thought the Girl from
 Mars.

        For the next few weeks, the Girl from Mars went about her business
 in the village, but wherever she went she saw the horrid countenance of
 her enemy peering out from behind a building or a tree.  "Whenever she is
 ready to face me, I am ready," she told her beloved villagers.  Superstank
 continued her cat-and-mouse-like game for a few more weeks, then she
 disappeared for a short while. The Girl from Mars was out one morning
 watering flowers when she saw Superstank peering out from behind a park
 bench.  This time, Superstank was wearing a big floppy hat and a new
 superhero cape.  "Must have gone shopping," thought our hero.

        It turns out that Superstank thought that her frequent costume
 changes would fool the Girl from Mars.  Hah!  Our hero is not so easily
 fooled.  The Girl from Mars had long tired of Superstank's puerile antics,
 and had begun to ignore her, until one day she opened her front door to
 find a flaming bag of some animal's excrement.  "OK, I've just got to kick
 this raunchy superhero-wannabe's arse now!" yelled the Girl from Mars.  The
 Girl from Mars knew of the Twonkians' love of writing and their lack of
 talent for doing so.  The superheroes of the Twonk galaxy were pretentious
 idiots, according to her Superhero Handbook.   Our hero had an idea.  She
 walked outside and shouted at the sky,  "Alright Superstank, it's time for
 a showdown.  Bring your best writing and I'll bring mine, and the
 professors from the college in the village will rate them.  The professors
 are neutral parties, in that they are not the students whom I look after,
 and they are not the bureaucracy with whom I spar.  Now bring it on, you
 stank biatch!"

        Superstank was definitely up for this contest, being as she thought
 she was a great writer.  She dug up her favorite of her poems, entitled
 "S&M and Sucking Cock."  "This'll get 'em," she thought, "They're going to
 love it because I say 'cock' in it and it's so cool and trendy to be vulgar
 and crass!  I will definitely take over the village, MWAHAHA!"

        The Girl from Mars grabbed any old thing she wrote and brought it to
 the panel of professors.  The professors looked at Superstank's poem, and
 shouts of "Christ!  What pretentious crap!" and "I wrote shit like this
 when I was twelve!" were heard.  When they read the Girl from Mars' poem,
 they shrugged and said that it would do.  The crowd of our hero's beloved
 students all pointed at the so-called villain and laughed as she flew off
 back to her galaxy.  "I'll be back, Girl from Mars," she cackled, "and I'll
 bring some of my friends, you won't be so tough then!"  The Girl from Mars
 shrugged and said "Do what you will, I'll still KICK YO ASS!!!"  The crowd
 cheered, and lived happily ever after.  There were occasional visits from
 the staring eyes of Superstank, but she was laughed out of the village
 whenever she surfaced.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS! #603 - WRITTEN BY: GIRL FROM MARS - 5/6/99 ]
