 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #522
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8 
    888     888 888      888 888                "After 5 Beers At The
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8              Amiga Convention"       
    888     888 888      888 888    "               
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o        by Trilobyte [3/21/99]
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        you gots to beat the streat, not beat your meat, it's about the
 folks you meet.  i love to eat, it's time to run, people gots to have some
 fun!  my my my, time goes by, pee and purr and fly up high.  yum yum yum,
 hear that hum, rum and gum and my old mum.  beat your meat.  run down the
 street.  kick with your feet.  devour someone's meat.  hunt some sheep.
 pounce on beef.  hate stupid assholes.  munch on rummage sales.  turn back
 the clock, there's not much time left.  god says so.  he told me the other
 day, "there's not much time left," so you'd best believe it, bitches.  i'm
 not elite enough for you.  that's a legitimate adjective when in select
 crowds.  if you say,

        "i was elite once,"

        in certain crowds, they will understand, and they will feel the same
 way about theirselves.  for instance, at a computer show, you could mention
 how you used to be elite to someone else who used to be elite, and then
 share your times of razor 1911 couriering and TDT couriering and whatnot,
 and then they will share their times of running elite amiga warez and HPA
 boards.  sysoping is elite.  especially when 90% of your userbase was
 european.  that's pretty damn elite.

        but bbses don't really have quite the universal power that they used
 to.  though the amiga was really the ultimate machine to run a bbs on,
 well, right around the time the BBS concept died, so fell the amiga.
 totally unconnected, be sure.  i mean, the bbs market doesn't drive a
 computer.  the sheer fact that commodore totally didn't know how to manage
 and market the wonderful asset they held is the reason that the amiga is
 not the #1 computer in existence today.  no, really, take my word for it --
 this is not speculation, or the spoken word of a freak, this is the
 understood opinion of many of the most knowledgable people in the computer
 market today.  this is truly the truth.  truly.  truth.  true.

        god, i love you.  you are so awesome!  you are cooler than a summer
 sand, neater than a woman's tan.  i like to see that dark skin.  but i
 like light skin too!  so long as it's not too flabby.  sometimes i worry
 that i am too flabby.  i'm sure that in some parts, i am.  and in other
 parts i'm not.  college has done a good deal to make me sufficiently
 flabby.  i don't like that.  i wish that i wasn't.  but it seems to be the
 case.  aww, too bad.  silly me.  what am i to do?  work out every night?
 please don't forget that i am seriously a serious college student!  i
 don't have time to do anything but homework, duh!  people don't say "duh"
 much anymore.  quite a shame.  there are young people, though.  if those
 young people controlled the world, everything would be ok.  we would all
 be alive.  there wouldn't be lots of fear of bombing or anything.
 everything would be cool and everyone would smoke pot all the time and be
 accepting of everyone else.  that's how the world would work.  i say so,
 so that's how it is.  i am tim, master of the univserse.  fuck he-man.  he
 was just a fucking action figure.  i am the real man, and my ears become
 grounded when i yawn.  eat that, niggers.  you can't take the wrath of my
 history-book readin' ass.  i sit on mouldy chairs and read Hobsbawm.  eat
 that, dark-skinned afro-headed tall-ass deep-voiced motherfuckers.  hey,
 you call each other that, so can i.  eat it if you don't like it, negro
 motherfucker.  suck my enormous white cock, african american BITCH.  sure,
 you're nice.  i'm nice too.  but, see, sometimes that just doesn't matter.
 if i want to pretend like i'm from arkansas, i can do that.  so can you.
 we can both pretend like we are from arkansas.  that is fun.  i can run a
 fireworks stand next to the road and you can drive by and not patronize me
 because i am white.  you fucking NIGGER.  not buyin' from my store because
 i'm WHITE.  don't think i won't come and kick your fuckin' ass, mother
 fucker.

        how long did i stand there and talk next to the pinball machine?
 the lights were flashing,  i held a beer, i don't know how long i was
 standing there.  and there were vending machines and i was eating chips
 and kinda wobbling a little bit because i had a bottle of beer which i
 just brealy paid for.  see, i left a susan b. anthony dollar for them.
 all the expensive beer that they had certainly cost a lot more than ONE
 FUCKING DOLLAR.  and i had a good amount of their beer. at least 5 bottles
 before i began getting drunk.  i had a different type of beer each time.
 sometimes a st. paulli girl, once a bass, and other stuff.

        you see, the girl that i am currently interested in like Bass.  it
 is her favorite kind of beer.  i went to the bar that she likes to go to
 and she was there and my friend had an id that said he was 23 and i had
 him get us all a pitcher, and this girl recommended bass.  so he went and
 bought it.  and we had a pitcher of bass.

        matt and i both ended up sorta puking that night.  i wasn't drunk
 at all, but eventually i had this feeling in my esophagus that seemed like
 i really had to do something about.  so i ... like coughed up some stuff
 (foam?) into my mouth and then .. well, swallowed it.  i wasn't drunk.
 what else was i going to do with that shit?  that was the only vomit-type-
 -shit involved.  it went into my mouth and then went right back down.  fuck
 it.  it doesn't matter.  matt went to the bathroom and ended up puking a
 bit into his hand on the way there.  i think he dropped it on the floor or
 something.

        see, drinking is a lot of fun.  sometimes you get emotionally
 affected and can talk to people about your innermost feelings, which is
 good, if you feel like sharing, and sometimes you feel like shit and end
 up vomitting all over the place and doing bad shit and raping girls and
 whatnot.  well, see, that's alcohol for you and what's thwy they outlawed
 it in the fuckin' 30's or whatever and that's the end.  see, the american
 government wanted to boost the economomy by TOTALLY OUTLAWING LIQUOR.  the
 less liquor they sell, the less people will be employed by
 liquor-producers, which means less jobs, less money, worse economy, etc.

        i've eaten tacos two nights in a row, and i've eaten in a
 restaurant in dresden.  i don't remember exactly what i had, excpet that i
 expected it to be bad and it ended up being good.  it was quite a surprise.
 and the people i was there with... man, they were coool.  my host sister
 and her brother and their friend who lived in dresden.  she looked pretty
 much like a boy, but she was a girl.  and she was so fun!  we had such a
 great time.  we were all speaking in english and shit because i only knew
 _so much_ deutsch... man, that wa s killer time.

        and i met this guy tonight at the amiga party who lieks kraftwerk.
 a LOT.  he has EVERYUTHING FUCKING BOOTLEGETS AND SHIT>  OFRU TNATELY FOR
 ME I WAS WEARING MY AMIGA SHIRT.. NO, MY _KRAFWERK_ SHRT,  AND SOMEONE
 POINTED THAT OUT TO HIM, SO HE CAME AND TALKED TO ME.  HE LIVED IN GERMANY
 FOR 222 YEARS OR SOMETHIGN, BEING RAISED THERE AND STUFF.  AND HE LOVES
 KRAFWETKR!   we talked about kraftwerk and their spinoff projects and other
 80's synthpop bands and stuff.  he kicked ass.  i got his email address.
 and i got the email address of the guy who was elite at one point and was
 into c64 and amiga bbsing.

        for a while, it was really a natural progression to move from a c64
 to an amiga.  that's what this guy did.  matt, styx, thought that he would
 be able to run c64 apps and games and stuff on his amiga 500 that he
 bought, but it doesn't work that way, so he returned it and didn't really
 get involved with the amiga world.  that's too bad, because the amiga
 world is still very rewarding.  there's this new guy who's now president
 of amiga, inc.  he's really got a vision, and he really thinks that now is
 that time to introduce new computing technology.  he believes that the
 microsoft windows world is over, and that there is an opening.  i believe
 that too.  it really seems that this is the wonderful window of
 opportunity.  think about the time when the average consumer had the choice
 between a c64, an atari 400/800, and a tandy, and a ti99/4a.  they were all
 completely different computers (though some of them used the same central
 processor), had different software (though some games were written foor the
 different computers) and had different followings.  but each computer did
 what people needed a computer to do.  they would word-process, play games,
 and... umm manage finances?  i dunno.  they all did these things, with
 special programs, and that's what people needed.  well

        well, see, if someone now introduces a computer that can web-browse,
 play kick-ass games, and still do neat things like word-process and
 whatnot, there really is a market for people to buy such a thing.
 especially if it is backed by gateway.  amiga (owned by gateway) now is
 working on such a machine -- it will appeal to enthusiasts and to
 consumers.  there will be various models of the machine, and one of the
 few things they all will have incommon is the operating system.  it will be
 a very high-performance, multi-media-centric operating system.  see, the
 amiga did multimedia before PCs did.  the amiga was multimedia before the
 term "multimedia" even fucking EXISTED>  so SUCK YOUR OWN FUCKING COCKS,
 PC WORLD.   GO BLOW A FUCKING GOAT, BECAUSE THAT'S AS GOOD AS YOURE' GOING
 TO GET.  YOUR PENISES ARE AS BIG AS BLADES OF GRASS, AND THEY ARE GREEN AS
 WELL, AND YOU FUCKIN GSUCK, YOUGOD DAMNED MOTHERFUCKERS.  IF ONLY THERE
 WEREN'T PEOPLE EVERYWHERE ALWAYS LOOKING TO RUIN EVERYTHING THAT'S GOOD.
 AND IF DUMB PEOPL ELIKE MOHSIN ALI  (DO A WEB SERARRCH)  DIDN'T EXIST, THE
 WORLD WOULD BE SO MUCH BETTER!#%%#!!#%       I AM PISSED OFF

        SO LONG AS I CAN USE THE COMPUTER(S) THAT I WANT TO USE, AND I GET
 TO LOVE THE GIRL THAT I WANT TO LOVE, I WILL BE HAPPY FOR TH EREST OF MY
 LIFE.  I REMEMBER USING DUMB APPLE ][ BACK IN THE DAY AND PLAYING SOME
 GAMES AND THINGS AND IT MADE ME HAPPY.  I WAS IN WONDER.  I DIDN'T HAVE
 ANYTRHING LIKE THAT.  NOW, WELL, AMYBE SOME OTHER KIUD CAN FEEL THAT KIND
 OF WONDER LIKE I DID.  THER'ES NO WONDER WITH WINDOWS.  FUCK IT.  THER'S
 NO _POWER_ INVOLVED.  there's only this dubm user interface .a dn stuff.
 there's no power ane there's very little motivating anyone to sit down and
 really work with it to create some kind of killer app.  same with hardware.
 there's nothing making people want to innovate.

        well, see this new amiga will make people want to innovate and they
 will come up with new ideas, just like the video toaster for the original
 amiga basically COMPLETELY FORMED the DESKTOP VIDEO MARKET.  before the
 video toaster, therew axs sno such things as the DESKTOP VIDEO MARKET.  the
 video toaster invented that.  and without the amiga comptuer, the
 videotaoster wouldn't have come into existence.  hell, without the amiga,
 the video toaster STILL WOULDN'T EXIST.

        folks, the video toaster is a device that would take 4 video inputs
 and switch between them, and it had two video outputs.  but see, there was
 a lot more circuitry involve.d  it could "genlock", or overlay the amiga's
 video onto the video input.  so you could, say, have scrolling text going
 across a live video feed.  there was toasterpaint, which allwed 24bit
 painting over a 24bit video-toasterframe-grab.  there was lightwave. the
 most advanced renderer/ray-tracer in existence.  it's what ws used to
 render the scenes in titanic, folks.  and in seaQuest DSV, and in Robocop:
 The TV series, and in Antz, and in Bugs Life, and in Toy Story, and bla
 bla bla blb al.  Deep Space Nine.  Babylon 5.  some of these shows / movies
 were actually rendered using an amiga running lightwave, other shows came
 after the amiga was slower than pcs.  see, eventually, amigas became
 limited to a processor set that could only reach 50mhz.  pcs were going up
 to 200 mhz.  and although the amiga had a spectacular operating system,
 and stuff, that raw processing power just wasn't there anymore.  so people
 would begin to use lightwave on fast fast pcs and DEC Alpha machines.
 those machines didn't have video toasters tough!  see, the only machine
 capable of running a video toaster is amiga!  amigas are really the outlet
 for the creative mind.  both in the software development field, as well as
 in the image and audio creation field. there simply hasn't been another
 platform quite like it that has allowed people to create things with as
 much ease of use and freedom as the amiga.  the way that everything just
 "works" allows program to provide users with functions to create, rather
 than mess with making things work.   things should just work anyway, that's
 why we're using computers, right?

        anyway,  i'm going to stop rambling on, because this isn't amusing,
 but rather it is a rant on computers, which not everyone is completely
 interested in.  this is what is going on in my mind while i am drunk and
 have my eyes closed and have a text editor in front of me. that's how it
 works.  sometimes i say things that amuse people, but i suppose that while
 i am at an amiga show, i think about amiga.  i'm afraid that you'll have
 to live with that, since you suffered through this entire file looking for
 some kind of trilobyte-trademark(tm) of funny humor to make you giggle.  i
 suppose that was at the beginning of the file.  and i did talk about a
 number of interesting and funny things in this text, before my eyes were
 closed.

        maybe as my eyes see all the various words on the the screen, my
 eyes put them all together and get ideas from that.  i don't know, how
 could i know?  i could ask the supreme being that runs all of our
 four-leggeds and say " hey what the fuck" and you know answers would flow
 like wine.  and yeah but i should get to sleep.  but this isn't a phone
 conversation so it doesn't matter.  i don't know who you are.  i can assume
 who you are, since i know some people that generally religiously read HOE
 files, but this might not even turn into a hoe file for all i know.  maybe
 mogel will reject it, since it just talks about computers, and computers
 are lame.  sometimes i type fast and sometimes i don't.  sometimes while
 my eyes are closed, i type with lots of typos.

        so be it.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS! HOE #522 - WRITTEN BY: TRILOBYTE - 3/21/99 ]
