
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #687
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888               "A Complete Repudiation"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "                  by AIDS
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               6/14/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

 Date: Thu, 12 Mar 1998 17:20:12 -0500
 To: jwk208@is8.nyu.edu, et. al. 
 From: Alexander Schuessler <schuessler@nyu.edu>
 Subject: PDC office (IMPORTANT!)

        PDC staff,

        We absolutely need to improve both the use and the appearance of the
 Data Center office.  At present we have at least 5 PDC-affiliated
 individuals plus occasional outsiders using the office.  The office does
 not appear to the outside world like a research institution, WHICH IT IS
 BEING FUNDED AS! This was particularly noticeable during a visit yesterday
 by people from the Dean's and Budget office seeking to maximize the use of
 space at the Department.  We do not score well on that dimension.
 Consequently, beginning after Spring Break, the following rules are in
 effect.  Please give them utmost priority:

        1. Only individuals formally associated with the Data Center and who
 are currently working on Data Center projects are to use the office.  At
 present this group consists of Bill, Heidi, Jarett, and Sona.

        2. During these office hours, computers in the office are to be used
 for research-related and lab-maintenance work only.

        3. Lights are to be kept ON during the day.  In order to make them
 more bearable, we will request that the current neon light tubes be
 replaced with a more pleasant light.  In addition we will order from the
 catalog some suitable additional halogen lamps.  Both these things will
 happen during the first week after spring break.

        4. There will be absolutely no computer gaming by anyone before
 8:30pm (after the last class of the day has ended).

        5. All office machines need to be put and kept in a workable
 condition.  Regardless of operating system (95 or NT), it has to be
 possible for any one of us has to sit by any of the computers and use
 Microsoft Office, for example.  Do not clutter the machines' desktops with
 shortcuts to computer games, live 3D interactive sessions, etc.  This is a
 National-Science-Foundation and University-funded academic lab office, not
 our old room in our parents' house!

        6. There is SERIOUS need to improve the office's professional
 appearance and our professional conduct.  In addition to questions of
 lighting, etc., this means that:

        - The office needs to be tidy, and all work surfaces are kept clear.

        - Absolutely no food remains are to clutter the work space.  (The
          last two times I dropped by were pretty disgusting!)

        - Currently the office is littered with papers, CD's, gaming
          magazines etc. None of these should be visible to the visiting
          eye.

        - The telephone should be answered with words like "Politics Data
          Center, <name> speaking" (never again with "hello" or "what?!").

        - A weekly schedule with office hours for user consulting are to be
          posted on the door and need to be considered an absolute promise!
          Users need to know when they can expect to ask for help, and they
          have to be able to rely on the schedule posted.  Again, that's
          what we are being funded for (i.e. where your paycheck comes
          from)!  Currently, nobody (myself included) knows when one can
          stop by and get help.

        7. After 8:15 in the evening, priority of computer and office use
 will still be given to those doing research work.

        We need to do this, both to secure funding in the future, as well as
 to remain in (or, at this point, regain our) good standing with the rest of
 the Department.  As I have stressed before, there is some ill-feeling about
 us having gotten this space when several faculty members are not being
 given space.  This absolutely requires of us a professional, as well as
 respectful appearance.

        Thanks,
        Alex

 Alexander A. Schuessler                          tel. 212-998-8533
 Asst. Professor of Politics                    fax 1. 212-995-3455
 Director, Politics Data Center                 fax 2. 212-995-4184
 New York University;  715 Broadway, 4th floor;  New York, NY 10003

 [-----]

 Date: Thu, 12 Mar 1998 22:48:18 -0500
 To: jwk208@is8.nyu.edu, et. al. 
 From: Alexander Schuessler <schuessler@nyu.edu>
 Subject: next week

        Jarett and Bill,

        I will be away all of next week.  Here are some projects that need
 to be worked on.  There is probably more than can be done in one week, but
 now is a good time to start!

        1. We need that inventory of all machines -- in the data center, the
 data center office, and all faculty offices.  Serial numbers and model
 numbers are really all we need.  Also add the serial number on the NYU
 stickers -- many machines have two such stickers.  Please use both, and
 keep track of which is the yellow-striped sticker and which is not. Then
 please call Mark Sodden, fax him the serial numbers and ask him to get back
 to you with the status of all service contracts, etc.  Get a price quote
 for 3-year extensions for all machines.

        2. You were going to get back to me on the memory needs for
 machines.  Please find out from Mark Sodden what type of RAM chips we need.
 Then put together an estimate of how much we should beef up each of the
 machines. When I get back, we'll put this together, I'll sign an order
 form, and we'll get the memory ordered.  Then Jarett can begin installation
 on lab and office machines.

        3. We need a good scanner for the lab.  Please research this and
 make a recommendation for what we should get.

        4. We need to purchase printer counting software, so that we can
 start keeping track of how much people print.  It should be the kind that
 resides on the network where you can limit people's printing, so that we
 can eventually start charging them for their output (starting in the Fall).
 Please research this.

        5. The lab looks like a disaster.  The three of us can get together
 the first Friday after Spring break and do a proper cleaning and rewiring.
 (Currently the wires are all over the place.)  Alternatively, if you feel
 like it, start doing this over Spring break, when things will be quiet.
 Either way, please do this AFTER the data center office has been cleaned
 up.

        6. We need two small network printers that can attach to the
 ethernet and serve a couple of computers.  One will go into your office to
 serve the four machines, and one into mine, so that I don't need separate
 printers for the NT workstation and the unix box.  Please research what we
 should get.

        7. I need precise information on disk space on our server.  There
 are several pieces of software we will be purchasing over the Spring and
 the Summer, and we need to see if we need to add more disk volume.  As you
 do this, please also note what our memory requirement will be: memory is a
 function of diskspace on Novell servers.  See what the current memory
 utilization is, look up what it should be (in the reference manual), and
 also look up the calculation of what it will need to be once we've
 upgraded.  Alternatively, consider the suggestion of migrating to a new
 server.  (Which would happen in the summer.)  In that case, please research
 what type of manufacturer etc. we should be using.

        8. The NT machine in the office needs to be fully functional for all
 users. That means it requires MS Office as well as Stata to be installed,
 and this should be in a manner that will allow ALL users access to it.
 This is important.  Please do this a.s.a.p.

        9. In the week after I get back we should launch majordomo.  I've
 been late on this, but will force time for it after my return.

        10. I need from you guys a wish list of what you think we should
 get, what we should change, what needs to be improved, etc.  Please take
 this request very very seriously.  This concerns the lab space, the office,
 any kind of equipment (we have a fair amount of money that we need to spend
 by mid-August), and user services.

        11.  I want a welcome web page for the data center that will load up
 when people use netscape.  It should contain information about the data
 center, user support, user support hours, and a simple request form for
 ordering data or sending in user requests.  This obviously means that when
 people use netscape (or any other web browser), that their login will
 automatically set the browser to their email address and configuration,
 etc.  But I do want communication with the data center staff to go cyber,
 etc.  This may take some time to figure out, but will be crucial pretty
 soon.  Now may be a good time to start putting together ideas.  (Though
 please do the other things on the list first.)

        12. Please see if you can get from Jewel a catalog with office
 furniture and lighting, etc.  Come up with some ideas for lighting that you
 require in the office.  This will be a high priority for when I get back,
 so see if you can find something before then.  Make sure it's Halogen: you
 will thank me for that advice.

        There's more, but let's leave it at that for now.  As you move
 through these items, please use this list for reference, and annotate it
 showing everything you have completed, etc.  Everytime you've done this,
 bounce it to the other two of us three, so that we can keep adding more
 updates.  I will be on e-mail throughout, so let me know how things are
 going!  Also, if you need to reach me, it's a local call: (917) 822-9407.
 (To be cellular!)  If I am not there, voice mail will be.

        Have a great time.  Looking forward to coming back to a spanking
 new place.

 Alexander A. Schuessler                          tel. 212-998-8533
 Asst. Professor of Politics                    fax 1. 212-995-3455
 Director, Politics Data Center                 fax 2. 212-995-4184
 New York University;  715 Broadway, 4th floor;  New York, NY 10003

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!      HOE #687 - WRITTEN BY: AIDS - 6/14/99 ]
