
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #816
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888                      "Letters"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "                  by Six
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               9/1/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        The following file is a series of letters to people I have written
 over the years.  It's my non-confrontational way of dealing the crap.  I
 thought I would put them all together, and maybe one of the people they're
 directed to would get a glimpse.  Some of these letters are very personal in
 nature and might not make too much sense.

 [-----]

        To whom it may concern:

 You know who YOU are.  You need to stop.  I don't know why you have made
 it your personal mission to cut me up to everyone, especially when I
 I have done NOTHING to you personally. YES I have done some shitty
 things 5 years ago, and yes I had some sex.  As it was so well put in
  Chasing Amy.. Yes, I had some sex and that's all it was sex, somethings I
 did out of stupidity, somethings I did out of what I thought was love,
 but good or bad they were my choices and WHO ARE YOU to judge me for
 them.  I am sorry that your life is so empty that you have to concern
 your self with mine.  This has been going on for years now and I'm sick
 of it.  Grow up, get over it move on. 

 [-----]

        To whom it may concern:

 You manipulative, lying son of a bitch.  I don't know what the fuck your
 problem is, but you seriously need help.  Don't play all innocent like you 
 weren't being a bastard to me the entire time we dated.  Yes, there is 
 something wrong with constantly pointing out my faults, especially in front
 of other people.  There is something wrong with comparing me to other girls
 and asking why I can't be more like them.  If you want someone like them
 DATE THEM.  Stop putting me through this bullshit.  It's one thing when you
 tease me it's all in fun.  But sometimes, more often than you care to admit,
 you are a cruel bastard.  NOW, this shit comes up about you and your ex.
 Talking to her like every night on the phone, and then unplugging your phone
 when I come over in case she calls.  Or incase one of the other girls you
 talk to calls.  Now I find out you call me a slut behind me back.  Ya know
 do you get off on humiliating people?  Fuck you, man Fuck YOU.  Do you wanna
 know the truth.  You are ugly, and I don't just mean on the outside.  I mean
 all over you are an angry, cruel hateful person.  Going by your OH SO high
 standards I doubt you're even good enough to be your own friend.  I don't
 know why I wasted any time on you, or even trusted you for a split second.
 Someday you're going to be alone and unhappy with all your money, I can't
 wait for that day.  I want you to know that the reason you're alone is
 because you are one mean son of a bitch, and you are not good enough for
 anyone.

 [-----]

        To whom it may concern:

 It is your fault.  I don't care how innocent you play.  It is your fault
 Tommy died.  You drove him to it.  We all know he was unstable, but then you
 should have just left him, not fucked every single one of his friends.  Can
 you even imagine that, to find out one day that the girl you wanna marry
 doesn't love you, never has, and has been doing everyone of your 'friends'
 for years?  Christ girl, what's wrong with you?  I wonder what its like to
 think that the world revolves around you.  To wake up every morning and
 think I am so amazing I have the right to hurt sweet people.  I have the
 right to break their hearts, ruin their lives, drive them to kill
 themselves.  Bitch, I hope you die.

 [-----]

        To whom it may concern:

 Girl, I miss you. Jewles it's been over a year now, and you're never coming
 back.  You're my best friend and I will never have a better friend.  Why did
 you have to be so stupid and do this to your self.  I wish everyday I could
 have left the night before, or driven faster, just to have stopped you.
 This isn't how it's supposed to be.  You were going to get married.  I was
 going to be your maid of honor, and vice versa.  There were so many things
 we were going to do.  But now it's just me.  Sometimes something happens,
 like I will catch some air that smells like the New Hampshire woods in the
 rain.  It will remind me of that first time you said, hey put down your book
 and lets go catch some frogs.  The feel of the sun on my skin at the beach
 will remind me of watching the boys play soccer while we ooo'd over how cute
 they looked in their Umbros.  If it wasn't for you I would have never been
 even close to normal.  You taught me what normal kids do.  You gave me my
 first New Kids on the Block tape!  I had a boyfriend last year that was a
 total asshole, I stayed with him for a really long time when I shouldn't
 have, YOU would have kicked me in the ass and said AL dump him, you don't
 need him, and I would have listened.  I have a new boyfriend now, an awesome
 one.  He's everything on 'The List'  yes.. THAT list.  As soon as I got to
 know him I thought, 'I wish I could call Jewles and tell her'.  Instead I
 had to write you a letter, and leave it by a stone.  It's not fair girl.
 Part of me loves you and misses you so much, but the other part is selfish
 and hates you, because you're not here to be my best friend anymore.

 [-----]

        To whom it may concern:

 You were the first, you I have no sympathy for.  You had it all man.
 Everything.  Livin at home, getting money from your family, you didn't have
 to go to school.  Nothing.  Just work on your music all day and all night.
 You also had my sister, that loved you more than anything.  I still
 remember, her scream.  The night before when I knew at 3am when the guys
 came over the house and woke me up.  I heard them tell mom and dad.  I
 stayed up all night dreading that morning, when my sister was going to find
 out.  That scream,  that was the most horrible sound I ever heard.  She
 collapsed on to the floor man.  Just out right collapsed.  How could you do
 this to her, to your mom, your grandma, your cousin.  Everyone.  I remember
 so clearly going to the mall to buy her the dress, the dress that still
 hangs in the back of her closet.  She was so skinny.  I bought her a black
 velvet china-doll dress, like Astrid wore.  She was so skinny.  My dad cried
 at the sight of her.  It took her years.  She's better now.  I just thought
 you should know what you did.  I hope you heard that scream too.

 [-----]

        To whom it may concern:

 Cheerleading Captain, Student Body President, Field Hockey Captain, Princess
 of SPHS.  It's so weird how you were in charge.  You weren't all that
 pretty, you weren't all that nice.  But for some reason, we just let you
 rule.  I saw you the other day, but you didn't see me.  You're like 350
 pounds now.  HAHA GOOD, Bitch.  That's what you get for thinking you're
 unstoppable.  Apparently now only your ass is unstoppable.  I don't know the
 point of this. I just wanted to be a wench and laugh at you in your misery
 :>

 [-----]

        To whom it may concern:

 You are the person I thank god every day I met.  Your influence on me was
 nothing but good.  You taught me there was more to life than NJ, and the
 tangible.  You've done more in 26 years then most people do in their lives.
 You are simply awesome D.  Thank you for teaching me.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!        HOE #816 - WRITTEN BY: SIX - 9/1/99 ]
