     s$
     $$     .d""b. .d""b.                  HOE E'ZINE #1033
 [-- $$""b. $$  $$ $$  $$ -- ------------------------------------------- --]
     $$  $$ $$  $$ $$ss$$                 "Ralph: Chapter 2"
     $$  $$ $$  $$ $$                    by Hort (hort@hoe.nu)
     $$  $$ $$  $$ $$  $$                      03/8/00
 [-- $$  $$ $$  $$ $$  $$ -- ------------------------------------------- --]
     $$  $$ "TssT" "TssT"

	Two years later... (and no one has done the world a favor yet)

	A red tint enveloped the room as a loud buzzing woke Ralph.  He
 reached over and hit the snooze button on his alarm clock.  The buzzing
 continued.  Ralph thought it was odd that he could not feel the familiar
 plastic of the clock as he hit the snooze button again.  The red tint
 disappeared, and a cold blue morning light revealed itself.  Ralph sat up
 and turned his alarm off.  He shook his head and grabbed the blankets off
 his floor and wrapped them around him.  He had his usual morning erection,
 but he didn't care.  Ralph sat for five minutes trying to warm up.  After
 nearly dozing off again, Ralph stumbled into his bathroom and started his
 shower.
	After painfully finding out that shampoo is not actually a good
 lubricant, Ralph got ready for another day of school.  All he could think
 about was Sarah, again.  Thinking about her never really created any
 feelings for him, it was just something to fill the void and he pulled
 his socks up snugly around his ankles.
	Making sure he would arrive approximately 30 minutes early, Ralph
 drove to school.  It was a twenty minute drive, so he left fifty minutes
 before school started.  He got there exactly the time he planned and
 pulled into the back of the parking lot, turned the engine off, sat back,
 and listened to his music. 
	When the first bell rang, signifying it was time to come to class,
 Ralph walked towards the building.  This building was significantly
 smaller than the one he was in two years before.  It was a single story
 as compared to a three-story building.  It also had about the same number
 of people in it, making things a bit more crowded.
	Ralph made a small prayer to the god that he still didn't believe in
 that there wasn't anyone sitting outside smoking that he would have to
 walk past.  He pulled his black coat over his mostly black shirt, and
 walked inside.  It was summer.  It was 90 degrees outside.
	His first class of the day was speech.  Thankfully, today, no
 speeches were being given, so Ralph relaxed a bit.  All he carried into
 school was his notebook, and that's all he needed for speech.  He walked
 over to his locker and opened it up and threw his notebook inside.  He
 checked it twice to make sure he had paper, then took it back out of his
 locker and walked to class.  He sat in the same spot on the desk that he
 always sat at.  The desks in the room were strangely setup.  They were
 arranged in a large 'U' shape, the entire thing being used as one solid
 desk.  Everyone in the room was forced to sit by one or two people.
	Matt was already sitting at his desk, looking down at whatever
 demonic drawing he was working on that day.  Matt and Ralph had a very
 unique relationship.  They were friends in the unique social situation
 that neither of them had any friends around.  This time, like 99% of the
 life of Ralph, was one of them.  Also, the two shared the same outlook on
 life.  Matt, however was a lot more sociable and stable.  Out of the two,
 he would be voted less likely to end up in a mental institution.
	Sarah walked in, and Ralph glanced over to the door almost
 instinctively, then looked back forward.  She walked over and sat by him,
 as usual, and they looked at each other and smiled.  Ralph muttered a
 'good morning' under his breath, and Sarah, without even hearing what he
 said, knew him well enough to respond.
	"Good morning!" she said in her usual chipper voice.  'Chipper' was
 the exact word Ralph was thinking when she said it.  He then reflected on
 the fact that she had an over-bite, and the picture of a buck-toothed
 chipmunk came into his head.
	Ralph turned to Matt and said, "Have you ever had the intense
 feeling to shove a pine tree up your ass?"
	Mike retorted, "I tried, last night.  Didn't work out."  He never
 looked up from his drawing.
	"Oh, ok."  Ralph turned back to Sarah and smiled.
	The last bell rang to tell the students that they should get their
 head out of whomevers ass it was in and pay attention to the big ass up
 front.  Ralph began his five minute count down subconsciously.  Meanwhile,
 Mr. Shane Flanders began his 10 minute discussion on how the movie 'Good
 Morning Vietnam!' was an important part of American Culture and how peons
 in speech class should give speeches on it.
	Ding!  Five minutes were up and Ralph opened up his notebook, and
 slowly tore out a piece of paper slowly so as not to attract attention.
 He then wrote 'what's going on?' on it and passed it over to Sarah.  They
 had been passing notes back and forth daily for a few months now, and
 Ralph preferred talking to her that way than talking to her face to face.
 But this was progress, he thought, to be talking to her at least.  He had
 even convinced her to agree to have sex with him (yes, she was a slut),
 they just couldn't find a place to do it.  Ralph lacked the mental bridge
 that could have made him realize that they could have had sex in about
 the twenty places he jerked off regularly when he was not at home.
	Today, unlike any other day, Ralph had a question to ask Sarah.  He
 had some weed and he wanted to invite her out to lunch to smoke it.  In
 one of the previous letters, she had mentioned that she had wanted to do
 that with him, and ever since, that had been his ultimate goal.  Now all
 that was left was asking her.  Fortunately, Ralph calculated the
 rejection chance at being approximately five point six percent.
	She agreed, and they had scheduled it for the next day at lunch. 
 Ralph could hardly contain his glee, as he had been waiting for a moment
 like this for what seemed like his entire life.  Walking out of class
 that day, Ralph walked in a manner he was not familiar with, he felt like
 he was worthy of something for once.  He had a little more bounce in his
 stride, and a little more drool dripping down his chin than normal.
	The rest of the day was uneventful for Ralph.  He waited outside
 Sarah's second class of the day as usual to hand her the usual piece of
 gum.  He felt somehow that this brought them closer together, as he did
 anytime he got to see her.  Little things meant a lot to Ralph.  Had he
 not been able to give her that piece of gum that day, Ralph would have
 been depressed for days on end.
	At lunch, Ralph drove to a secluded spot in the country and sat in
 his car and listened to music for half an hour.  He giddily talked to
 himself about how what he was going to do the next day at lunch, and all
 the things it could mean.  Maybe Sarah would want to go out with him
 again, and who knows what could happen.  Yes, this was going to be
 Ralph's big break, this was what was going to start his life.  No more
 would he be spending those long weekends alone.  Ralph was going to be
 someone, he would be happy.
	Ralph drove home that night with even more glee.  He even gave up
 his usual practice of stopping on the side of the road and looking
 lustfully at the cow pastures.  Nothing could ruin his state of complete
 happiness, well, except for maybe coming home to find his mother in a
 bloody heap on the floor and his father desperately looking for a wooden
 spoon again.  Even then, it would be debatable.
	For the rest of the night, he could think of nothing but what was
 going to happen that next day.  When he did attempt to sleep, he could
 still not keep his mind from thinking about it.  He only wanted to sleep,
 to bring the next day close, but yet he couldn't.  Ralph reflected on
 this, but his infantile mind could not draw any conclusions, and he
 slept.
			. . . 

	"I'm sorry, I completely forgot, can we do it tomorrow?" Sarah
 looked at Ralph innocently batting her big brown eyes.
	"S-sure..." Ralph said hesitantly.  He usually did a rather good job
 of not letting on that he was utterly and completely crushed.  He had a
 lot of practice at that.  However, the anticipation of the next day's
 lunch pretty much overwhelmed the disappointment.  And so the vicious
 cycle started over again.
	Ralph sat at home that night thinking of nothing but the day's
 events.  He rationalized to himself how Sarah could still love him and do
 this to him.  How maybe she didn't want him to think that she was too
 interested in him.  That must have been it.  Definitely.

 <screech>

	Screams of passion filled the room.  It was a full moon out, but the
 blinds were closed, allowing in only enough light to illuminate the two
 bodies slightly.  Sight was hardly the sense being used in this situation,
 however, and all movement was based on touch.  Ralph slowly caressed her
 feminine body underneath his own as he thrust himself inside her at a
 moderate pace.  He stopped for a moment to pay special attention to her
 breasts; he could tell that she enjoyed that immensely.
	Soon enough, another orgasm ripped through her body as she stretched
 her arms above her head and screamed Ralph's name.  The mere sound
 triggered his own.  As he came inside her, he gripped his right hand
 around the front of her neck.  Pressure applied at the right points
 enabled him to distinguish her trachea from the other muscles and tendons
 in her neck, and he quickly moved his hand around it and clenched it
 tightly.  Warm blood bathed his hand as it penetrated the skin.  With one
 terrible jerk, he ripped out her wind pipe.  Blood gushed down what was
 remaining of it into her lungs, a slight gurgling sound emitting before
 the expected convulsions.  The look of horror was plainly shown on her
 face even in the poor lighting.  Ralph did not show an emotion, and
 merely watched her clutch her neck in vain.  Blood rushed out between her
 fingers onto the bed, creating a dark shroud around her neck.  Ralph held
 up the chunk of flesh over her face, causing the blood to drip down onto
 her forehead.  He moved it down slightly to cause the blood to drop into
 her eyes.  Involuntarily, her eyes twitched and closed.  They would never
 open again
	Her mouth gaped open, in a futile attempt to get air.  Ralph calmly
 put the flesh in his hand into her mouth.  He threw the blankets off
 himself and walked into the bathroom.  Without saying or thinking a
 single word, Ralph cleaned himself off.  He found that blood was much
 easier to come off than he first thought.  Ralph wondered what her name
 was.  He was sure he would find out soon enough.   He just had to remind
 himself to get the newspaper for the next few days.
	Ralph calmly walked back into his bedroom and looked at the
 motionless body on the bed.  He flipped on the light, and looked at the
 extent of his damage.  She looked prettier than he had remembered before,
 and he stood admiring her naked body for a moment.  Ralph looked down at
 his watch.  2:30 a.m.  Grabbing the covers from the bed, he looked them
 over quickly to see if any of the blood had gotten on them.  He was
 lucky, there was a lot of blood all over his bed, but none had gotten on
 the blankets.  Looking around, and seeing nothing to put the tarnished
 linen in, he walked into the living room, and headed directly for his
 storage closet.  He took out the biggest box he could find, roughly the
 size of his dishwasher, and carried it clumsily back into the bedroom.
 He sat it down right next to the bed.  He wrapped up the lifeless body in
 the blood soaked sheets and dragged the clump into the box. Looking
 around once more at the bloody bed, he decided he would deal with it
 later, and slid open his bedroom window.  He figured that would keep any
 smells from building up while he was gone.  Ralph tested his strength and
 made sure he could lift the box.  He then proceeded to drag it outside.
	Silently praising himself for buying a truck, he lifted the box into
 the bed.  The top of the box, still open, was luckily not low enough for
 anyone to easily look inside it.  Without even stopping to lock his
 house, Ralph started his truck and drove off into the desert.  The
 deserts in Nevada were vast, and luckily, Ralph had a spot in mind to
 bury the body.  He also praised himself for having the forethought to buy
 a shovel and keep it in the truck in case the need arose....

 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) HOE E'ZINE -- http://www.hoe.nu         HOE #1033, BY HORT - 3/8/00 ]
