     s$
     $$     .d""b. .d""b.                  HOE E'ZINE #1061
 [-- $$""b. $$  $$ $$  $$ -- ------------------------------------------- --]
     $$  $$ $$  $$ $$ss$$     "Joey The Teenage Menstrual Blood Vampire"
     $$  $$ $$  $$ $$                    by Insert Wu Name Here
     $$  $$ $$  $$ $$  $$                      04/18/00
 [-- $$  $$ $$  $$ $$  $$ -- ------------------------------------------- --]
     $$  $$ "TssT" "TssT"

	Joey was staying out late, smoking pot, and talking about _Spawn_
 comics.  He was hanging out with his friends at an old highway overpass.
 Joey wore vans sneakers and listened to Israeli Punk bands who wrote songs
 about cumming in the face of American virgins.
   	"Lets go buy mushrooms and break stuff," Joey told his friends.  
 All Joey's friends thought he was hard-core because of all of his good
 ideas.  "We can get shrooms at Tina's house."
	Tina was a Goth girl who sold drugs and painted pictures of Trent
 Reznor with her own blood.  When Joey was in grade Eight he wrote Tina a
 poem that didn't rhyme.  It was about how great her ass looked.  Tina
 said the poem was beautiful and gave Joey head.  The next night Tina lit
 candles made out of dead children and saw an oracle who looked quite a bit
 like Charlie Sheen.  The oracle told Tina that her and Joey were never
 meant to be.  After that Joey and Tina only had casual sex together once
 in awhile, like when a new Radio Head video came out and reminded them
 how deep life really is, when you really think about it.
	The trip to Tina's house was uneventful.  Joey and his friends
 threw rocks at cars and some one found a dead badger.  They cut it open
 with a safety pin that was once in some ones nipple.  They threw the
 badger at cars, screaming "Lupha sponge!! Lupha! Lupha!"  Then they
 smoked another joint and went into a 7-11, and because he was an
 anarchist, Joey took a dump in the corner of the store where the fridge
 of near beer was.  Joey's friends stole a box pixy stix.
	When Joey and his friends got to Tina's, there was a goth party
 happening.  There were thousands (or at least twenty) hair dyed, leather
 clad creatures of the night mulling about.  They were lighting candles,
 listening to the Cure and talking about Ann Rice novels.  Joey and his
 crew found Tina sitting in the floor of her kitchen writing a poem about
 bleeding sex organs with a red magic marker circa 1984.
	"Hey there," Tina said when she saw Joey.  She was stoned.
	"Hey.  We want to buy drugs," he told her.
	"Not tonight, man," she told Joey.  "Tonight the drugs are free."
	Tina made Tea with magic mushrooms and passed out cups to
 everybody.  Sometimes she had to ask Joey's friends to stop screaming
 "Hell yeah, we're partying with the vampire bitches!"  When they quieted
 down everybody went to the basement, smoked some hydro and watched _The
 Crow_ on DVD.
	While they were in the basement, Tina introduced Joey to Gwendolyn.
	"Joey, this is my friend Gwendolyn.  I want you to meet her."
	"Hi," Joey said to Gwendolyn.  He was stoned.
	"Hi," Gwendolyn said to Joey.  She was stoned.
	Gwendolyn was a 6-foot-tall sex pot.  She wore fish-net stockings,
 a leather skirt and a halter-top made entirely out of electrical tape that
 showed both her nipples.  Her hair was dyed blood red and her eyes had
 the look of the cat who had sex with the canary.  Joey and Gwendolyn
 stayed up all night talking.
	"You have a great ass," he told her.
	"Tina was right about you," Gwendolyn said.  "You're the boy for
 me.  Now, and forever."  She dragged him in to Tina's room and locked the
 door.  Gwendolyn threw Joey down and pinned him to the floor.  She bared
 her fangs, ripped off all Joey's clothes, and bit his penis.  Gwendolyn's
 fangs sank deep into Joey's teenage member.  He wanted to scream, but
 soon everything faded in to darkness.
	Joey awoke the next night, naked on the floor of a crypt.  His
 heart wasn't beating.  He was in the arms of Gwendolyn.  At first he
 thought the pot he smoked was from Hawaii or the shrooms he ate were bad
 or something.  Soon he realized it was far more trippy than that.  Soon
 he realized it was real.  Gwendolyn held Joey in her arms and looked at
 him lovingly.
	"You're a vampire now," she told him, "We'll be together forever."
 Gwendolyn and Joey fucked liked Kennedys.  They fucked till they were
 tired and sticky.
	"I love you," Joey said to Gwendolyn.
	"Let's go buy some pot and drink blood," Gwendolyn replied.  It was
 a good idea, and Joey agreed.  Gwendolyn dyed Joey's hair black and gave
 him clothes to wear.  She burned his vans and gave him a pair of shiny
 combat boots, 'cause combat boots are cool.  As they left the crypt,
 Gwendolyn told Joey all the things that could kill him.
	"Crossbow arrows can kill you, and wooden stakes can kill you, and
 sunlight can kill you, but crosses and holy water don't do anything, 
 because religion is just a lie that oil companies told the world years
 ago."
	"What about garlic?"
	"It just tastes bad."
	They walked through the graveyard smiling.  The night sky was
 serene and haunting, and crackheads whispered as they smoked drugs by
 the gravestones.  Joey thought that he and Gwendolyn would be together
 forever.  He thought they would always be happy.  He thought that for the
 first time in his whole life things were starting to make sense.  That's
 when the priests came and ruined it all.
	Tina was a narc working for the oil companies.  She ratted on
 Gwendolyn after their first lesbian experience when Gwendolyn showed Tina
 her fangs.  The priests were waiting outside the crypt that night and
 surrounded Joey and Gwendolyn.
	"Die you spawns of Satan!!" The priests shouted.
	"Fuck you!!! You Nazi Fuckers!!!" Gwendolyn screamed.  Gwendolyn
 was tougher than a navy seal, and could kick more ass than Tank Abbot.
 She attacked the priests with all her fury.  She snapped necks, ripped off
 arms, and kicked crotches.  Joey, with his new found vampire strength,
 helped her kick some Catholic ass.  The priests were prepared, though, 
 and they had wooden stakes, kevlar jackets, and cross bows.  They shot
 Gwendolyn with arrows until one pierced her heart, and she burst into
 flames.
	Gwendolyn's screams filled the air until her body was engulfed by
 fire.  Soon she was no more.  Joey's heart broke as he saw his first true
 love die before him.  He wanted to cry.  He wanted to kick some ass!  
 Joey savagely attacked the priests.  He shot them with their own crossbows,
 he stabbed them with their own wooden stakes, he crushed their brains
 with the one-inch-punch, and snapped their necks with round house kicks.
 He didn't stop until all the priests were dead.  Then Joey fell to the
 ground and wept over the loss of the only girl he ever really loved.
	Dawn was approaching, so he ran to the woods and hid in a cave
 that he and his friends used to smoke drugs in.
	The next night, Joey was scared and alone and hungry.  He was hungry
 for blood, but not just any blood--he was hungry for menstrual blood.  He
 knew because the voices in his head told him.  It all made sense.  His
 vampire senses were more intense than his human ones, it was like bad
 acid.  The scent of flow grabbed on to Joey's skull and refused to let go.
	He followed it all the way to the house of Mrs. Jenkins, his 
 substitute Math teacher.  Joey rang the bell.  When Mrs. Jenkins answered
 the door, Joey knew exactly what to say.
	"Hi.  I'm collecting donations for poor Asian kids in Cambodia who
 can't afford Pokemon toys."
	"You kind little soul.  Come in... I'll get my wallet."
	As Joey walk inside, he barred his fangs.  Mrs. Jenkins screamed.
 She started to cry.  She was afraid.  She thought Joey turned into one of
 those crazed Marilyn Manson fans they were always talking about on _Hard
 Copy_.
	It was all too much for Joey.  He didn't want to see another
 innocent person hurt.  He thought of Gwendolyn and it made him think of
 all the beauty in the world and how it never has a chance to survive
 because its always being destroyed by Catholics, and little league coaches
 and republicans.  Joey sat on the floor and started to cry.  He didn't
 want to be the cause of misery, no matter what the voices in his head
 told him.  His body ached with hunger pains and his heart ached with
 sorrow.
	"I'm sorry I came here," Joey told Mrs Jenkins.  I'm going to
 leave now.  I'd rather starve to death than cause hurt and take beauty
 away from the world.  Joey got up to leave.  He was going to go outside
 and wait for the sun to end his life.  It was all he could do.
	"Don't go," Mrs. Jenkins said.  "What do you need?"  She felt
 sorry for Joey and was deeply moved by his words and actions.
	"Menstrual blood.  I need to drink menstrual blood or I'll die."
	"Well then, come here," she said to Joey. "I guess I can help you
 after all.  My husband is with the kids at lacrosse practice, so we have
 a few hours.  Mrs. Jenkins Took off all her clothes.  She had gigantic
 breasts and a tan line that made her look like an expensive hooker in a
 Czechoslovakian stag movie.  She embraced Joey and removed her tampon.
 	Carefully and gently Joey drank the good drink.  His fangs nipped
 at Mrs. Jenkins' tender bits, and they both realized the his fangs
 released an aphrodisiac.  While he drank her menstrual blood, Joey messaged
 Mrs. Jenkins' peach fish.  Vampire tongues are magic tongues and can rub
 a woman's G-spot more times than Warren Beatty.  Soon, Mrs. Jenkins was a
 sweaty, euphoric river of vaginal fluid.
	When it was all over, her life had changed.  She was enlightened,
 and happy, and never again suffered cramps or bloating.  She put her
 clothes on and handed Joey a moist towellette.
	"You have a gift," she told him. "If you just be your self and
 respect the feelings of other people, you will always find happiness."
	"Thank you," Joey told Mrs. Jenkins.  "Thank you for everything!
 Well... I better get going."
	"Okay, take care."  She kissed Joey on the cheek.  "See you in
 thirty days!"  The night sky was luminous as Joey walk back to the cave
 in the forest.  He felt like a monk in a kung-fu movie.  The hurt was
 still there, but he knew if tried, he could find solace.
	Somewhere it was waiting for him.

 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) HOE E'ZINE - http://www.hoe.nu     BY INSERT WU NAME HERE - 4/18/00 ]
