 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #635
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888             "Janet Reno Does Washington"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "                 by: Lapse
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               5/11/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

         It was a sunny day after a political debate when the lovely Janet
 Reno decided to call it  a day.

        "It's a day!" she said.

        Later that evening she is in her swank hotel room waching porn on
 the T.V. writing down all of the offensive parts.  She hears a knock at the
 door.

        She quickly wipes her wet hands on the sheets of the bed
 and gets up to answer the door.

        She opens the door and much to her surprise she sees none other than
 Tipper Gore.

        "Hi Jan, sorry I'm late, I had to beat the kids again, you know how
 that is."  Tipper said as she took off her coat and dropped it to the
 floor.

        "Oh, that's okay.  I understand those fucking brats need some good
 ol' fashioned discipline.  You know you could hang that coat up," Janet
 said sternly.

        "Okay, Mommy," Tipper said as she bent to pick up her coat.  As
 Tipper seductivly reached down to get her coat, Janet couldn't help but to
 notice the lacey black panties that were suddenly peeking at her from
 underneath Tippers leather mini skirt.  Janet placed a firm slap on
 Tipper's tight ass.

        "Hmm, looks as if those step arobics are working out."  She then
 starts rubbing Tippers ass in a circular motion.  "Mmm so nice."

        Tipper turns over and takes Janets hand.  She places Janet's fingers
 in her mouth and starts to suck slowly.

        "Oh yes, thats it bitch!" Janet says as she licks her lips in
 arousal.

        Tipper seductivly looks up at her and rises to meet her lips.  They
 passionatly embrace drinking in each others tounges.

        "MMM yes! Fuck my mouth with your soft pink tounge!" Janet said
 passionatley.

        As they continue to embrace, Janet picks up Tipper and carries her
 over to the bed.  She places her gently onto the bed without seperating
 from her hungry mouth.  Janet places her hand under Tipper's mini skirt and
 finds her moist pussy begging to be fondled from underneath the lacey black
 panties.  Janet quickly snatches off the panties and then places her
 fingers into her moist folds.

        Tipper grinds seductively in ecstasy as Janet's fingers work their
 magic inside her.  Tipper sucks harder on Janet's tounge, tasting the brandy
 Janet had a few minutes earlier, making her more eager to invite Janet's
 tounge to go deeper.  Tipper pulls up her shirt to expose her soft bouncy
 breast.

        Janet's mouth glides down Tipper's chin, across her neck, the hovers
 slowly over Tipper's left nipple.  She slowly drags her tounge around the
 nipple but never touching it.  The nipple swells with anticipation as if it
 is about to burst.  It is then that Janet takes it tenderly into her mouth.

        Tipper lets out a cry of sheer enjoyment and a joyfull tear streams
 from her eye.

        Janet can feel Tipper's pussy get warmer and more moist.

        Tipper franticly works off her mini skirt and pushes Janet's head
 down.  Janet more than willingly succumbs and buries her face in Tipper's
 pussy, making loud slurping noise as she drinks in the sopping wetness.  As
 she does so she fingers Tipper's clit.

        Tipper is speachless, only able to goan and grind in ecstasy.
 Janet's tounge is very adept.

        Janet slides her hand deep into Tipper's pussy.

        Tipper Gore cries out... "DEEPER!"

        Janet does just that.

        Tipper cries out, "OH PLEASE DON'T STOP THERE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD GO
 DEEPER!!"

        Janet's arm is in up to her wrinkly elbow.  She enjoys the warm
 sensation of the inside so much, she slides her other arm in as well for
 double the action!

        "Oh... that's it, baby!  THATS IT FUCK ME.... FUCK ME HARD!!!"
 Tipper cried out.  Tipper hadn't had this much pleasure since the time she
 snuck into the petting zoo late one night and seduced the prized petting
 horse.  Nothing untill now had felt as good as that nice ample horse cock.
 She needed this, more than anything! She could feel herself delving into
 the warm world of orgasmic pleasure.

        "Give me that ass bitch!" Janet said.

        Tipper knew what Janet wanted to do.  She glady flipped over and
 propeed her ass in the air.

        As Janet double arm fucked Tipper, she could feel Tipper's body
 start to come.  As Tipper glided into climax, Janet buried her tounge deep
 into Tipper's ass.  Tipper screamed as she came harder than she had come in
 years.

        Janet then pulls out her arms and starts licking the warm pussy
 juice off.

        Tipper slowly turns over and once again do their mouths meet.
 Tipper taste her own pussy juice and can't wait to have more.

        "Your turn, baby -- sit that sweet pussy on my face." Tipper said.

        "Oh no, even though I enjoy your soft pink tounge, I need to be
 FUCKED!  Get the dildo!" Janet said sternly.

        "I would but I had an accident," Tipper cooed softly.

        "What accident bitch?" Janet said.

        "I lost it inside Margret Thatcher when she came to visit last
 week," Tipper said.

        "Then I need a man! I NEED HOT THROBBING HORSE COCK!!!"

        Linda Tripp steps in.

        "Somebody call for horse cock?"  Linda pulls down her pants to
 expose a very huge and very real ten inch penis.

        "I hope you like my surprise, baby!"  Tipper said.

        "Oh I do, lover girl!" Janet said as she once again shoved her
 tounge down Tippers throat.

        "Save some of that for me!"  Linda said as she stroked her penis
 into erection.

        "Oh, I always knew you were hung like a horse, you are my fantasy
 Linda!" Janet said.

        Janet quickly shed off her clothes.  Her wrinkly breast sported firm
 erect nipples that pointed down.

        Linda paused for a moment.  She then shook it off and decided to
 fuck her anyway.

        As Linda pounded away, Tipper sucked hard on Janet's breast.  As
 Tipper sucked a warm liquid trickeled into he mouth.

        "Ohh baby your lactating, the sweet honey milk of love," Tipper
 cooed.

        "Oh, that's not milk..." Janet thought to herself.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!     HOE #635 - WRITTEN BY: LAPSE - 5/11/99 ]
