 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #609
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888                   "THE BEGINNING"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "             by Quarex ~age 14
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               5/6/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        Now, before you ask what the fuck this is, let me tell you that I
 also have absolutely no idea what it is.  All I can fathom is that I was
 trying to write some kind of role-playing system, and in the process I felt
 like this was some kind of feasible back story.

        What was my obsession with the game Eric the Unready?  Or Zorro?
 AND WHAT THE FUCK DOES ANY OF THIS MEAN?  THIS IS NONSENSE EVEN BY MY
 STANDARDS.

        Granted, it pales in comparison to the all-capital-letter RPG system
 I wrote when I was 12, but that is tragically lost on some 5 1/4" disk
 somewhere in my house, never to find another compatible drive to be
 restored off of.

        So anyway, this is how I apparently thought in the years just before
 high school.  I can only hope I did not think this was good.


        1984

        Michael Jackson's "Thriller" tour kicks off all over the world, the
 Soviet Union gets a new leader. I am still busy writing my program entitled
 "Eric The Unready" which may take several more years... I am beginning to
 wonder if Reagan will be re-elected. We can of course pray that he isn't
 but things don't look so good for Mondale... oh well at least, if he got
 shot at once it's likely to happen again. IBM introduced DOS 2.1 this
 year... I wonder if it'll ever be worthwhile? Oh well... I have heard more
 and more about this "SCA" organization, it seems they perform medieval-type
 battles in this time period. Sounds interesting I must join them. so I am
 finsihed with this entry already!

        1985

        I discovered that Electronic Arts is working on a game called
 "Zorro"... I wonder if this is based in any way on Zorro? Hmmm... oh well.
 I also understand that this "Nintendo" device is becoming increasingly
 popular among the young children... moronic peons. I will someday finish my
 ultimate creation, thereby closing the market to all other games and game
 companies... well I am out of things to say so until next year... Oh yes
 there is one last thing I can think of, apparently this "Rescue on
 Fractalus" game has 128 colors for the Atari... this is intruiging to me
 maybe I'd better get one. Until next year...

        1986

        Electronic Arts RELEASED Zorro! I can't believe the fools! Oh
 well... this year has been slow, Reagan is still the pathetic fool he's
 always been. I've been thinking that I should start writing more than once
 a year in this... but then I realize that since Mary died that it's almost
 impossible for me to hold a pen anyway... so I'll cut this short as well.
 Adieu.

        1987

        Ah, the IBMs are starting to shape up to standards... I wonder how
 long before they release something with more than 16 colors... I doubt
 they'll ever catch up to the Atari 800 XL but that's okay because I know
 it's the best you can get! It's not even funny anymore how hard it is for
 me to write, but I must complete this entry. This year Reagan is finally
 seeming to realize that he's going to no longer be president next year
 essentially, let's hope he gets assassinated soon. I sincerely hope that
 Bush DOESN'T run for president as some have hoped...

        1988

        I am rooting for Dukakis in the elections because Bush has shown
 over the last 8 years that he is just as incompetent as Reagan is... let's
 just see how things turn out. Weird Dreams was released in the U.K. this
 year, it's got 16-color graphics that look very impressive on an IBM... I'm
 starting to have more hope for good ole' Microsoft's Operating Systems...
 maybe someday soon they'll realize that my creation will be ultimate.
 Adieu.

        1989

        Curse our luck, Bush defeated Dukakis. Again the country shall go
 through 4 years of chaos... ah well my game is starting to progress
 rapidly. I plan to have the plot done by sometime next year... maybe then
 IBM will have released something superior to EGA for their little system.
 The country is raving over this "Super Nintendo" that is rumoured to be
 coming out some time next year... I hope that they all burn on the way to
 production... I must go now, journal, and work on my game. Adieu.

        1990

        Keef the Thief was released by Electronic Arts this year! The
 bastards stole my ideas!!! I can't believe the nerve! I would sue them but
 I would be percieved as the guy trying to make money off the "successful"
 company... Fucking American Law. I have re-created the plot since then, and
 am already working on the graphics, and maybe VGA isn't so far away after
 all. hehehe oh yes, and the modem industry really seems to be taking off...
 a lot more BBSers around here than there used to be. Oh well... my hand is
 starting to recover now, and the memories of Mary are starting to get
 better. Maybe soon I can begin writing more than a paragraph per year...
 goodbye.

        1991

        Next year Bush will be up for re-election, the bastard'll probably
 clean up due to that Gulf War incident.. the blind fools. My hand,
 according to Dr. Patel, is improving at an amazing rate considering I
 haven't had use of it for nearly ten years... writing with my right hand is
 difficult mind you (as if you couldn't tell)... Ah well. IBM is really
 showing hope now having released 486s and they are starting to corner the
 market without anyone to stop them, Mr. Gates is the greediest sonofabitch
 I've ever kn own but I'm proud to know him. Well. Damn, mental block. Eric
 The Unready's graphics are now about 1/2 done I'd say, I'm shooting for a
 late 1992 release date. I am very happy...

        1992

        Well I will be releasing my game probably the first week of the new
 year as it turns out. I believe that the increasing tension in the L.A.
 area is going to explode like a keg if the Cops that beat Mr. King are
 found innocent... Dr. Patel says that in a year I should be able to use my
 left hand again! I'm thrilled... I can't wait to write ever better than
 this and in about 1/100th of the time! Ahhh... life is good now.

        1993

        This year could not be much better. Late last year Dr. Patel told me
 that my left hand was almost as good as new, and as you can see my
 Calligraphy skills are not depleted! And Eric The Unready was RELEASED
 January 3rd of this year... sales are good, the game is getting rave
 reviews... this is amazing! I am planning to release a CD-ROM version for
 later this summer, I think then sales will go through the roof. I could not
 be much happier right now... except of course if Mary were with me. My
 friends tell me I should get over it and start dating again, but I just
 can't accept her death, I'm sorry if that makes me strange or something.
 U4ia, that british bloke I met through the InterNet appears to be a .Mod
 maker. A .Mod is apparently a Sound-card music file, and I have tried
 several and they are good! Amazing quality for such a small file. There was
 even a shareware game released recently full of .Mods and .Vocs mostly
 created by this brilliantly talented Ziego Vuantar fellow... it's just an
 alias but he runs a board, which even has 200 MEGS of the damned things!
 It's amazing! I'm sure I'll give it a call one of these days... well I'm
 done rambling for this year, I shall write again when Eric The Unready is
 released on CD-ROM...

        1994

        I am writing in desperation now... my release of Eric the Unready on
 CD-ROM apparently triggered a violent reaction in the middle east, which
 ended up plunging the entire world into nuclear war!!!  Apparently they
 were offended by something having to do with kissing the pig in the first
 part!!!  I am in incredible dispair right now,  and I am contemplating
 giving myself up to the Arabs to stop this horrible war. I will write again
 later

        1993

        The Arabs refused me. I am writing from my bomb shelter's typewriter
 right now. I cannot describe the condition of the world right now. All I
 know is that the human race has been completely changed in the last year
 and it is due completely to my game. I cannot believe that I did all this.
 It is very horrible... some of the human race that lived through the
 bombings is starting to be able to survive without air... some can go
 without food, but the majority still is like us, the same needs as humans
 from the past required. I'd say about 1/2 of the population of the world
 has been wiped out... the horror is immense. If I do not receive word from
 this Ziego Vuantar fellow soon I am going to try to make it to the Sub
 without his help.

        1995

        This time it's serious. Quarex and I successfully escaped this
 underground, but we know not where we are now. He brought a few allies with
 him, named things like Ghort, Neo Jesus, Ogre, and the REALLY strange one,
 Tom... together we managed to make it to the Sub and leave that horrible
 place. We are now in Pennsylvania, and are seeking shelter with the
 non-muties. I cannot believe, looking back at this entry, how much of the
 noo slang I have used. I suppose hearing nothing but that will do it to
 you... the majority of people left non-mutated out here ARE former BBSers
 who were smart and heard what to do from others... it's amazing but there
 is actually a board here, and with all the phone companies destroyed, well,
 it's got one line only but it's obviously free to call. Oh well... The
 suffering is incredible, but my group and myself seem to have survived
 rather well. Tomorrow we attempt to make it to New York City... Well here
 we are in Neo York City. We unfortunately suffered a loss in the form of
 the "Tom" fellow, he died protecting us. We are on the next ferry to Europe
 where we hope conditions will be better...

        1996

        All right. This is Quarex Osis, I have taken over the journal since
 Robert's... UNSIGHTLY demise. Ogre, Neo Jesus, Ghort and I are the only
 ones left now. The boat sunk about a mile out of Neo York and we managed to
 make it back to shore but only because Robert gave himself to the Mut
 Sharks. We are apparently going to remain in Neo York for a good deal of
 time, we have set up connections with the Sub in this area and have
 acquired weapons and bullet proof things as well. I am leading a strike on
 the main skyscraper where the Muts live... of course this won't get rid of
 all of them, hell it won't do very much of anything, but it'll make sure
 that they exercise caution when leaving the damned place and maybe set up a
 future for the kids still around... I realize that this is a suicide
 mission essentially and so does everyone else but life is basically
 worthless right now so we figure, why not? If any of us survive the assault
 we will be sure to continue... so until next time, my friend, adieu...

        That is were the riting endz. i gess that ziego and his warriorz did
 not make it bak frum the Mut base... maybe that's hoo thoze guyz are in
 thoze statuez outside the city hal. it sayz "Were it not for these men, our
 way of life today would not be possible"... I guess that waz them. i will
 keep looking for new stuff. goodbye. I'll give it a call one of these
 days... well I'm done rambling for this year,

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!     HOE #609 - WRITTEN BY: QUAREX - 5/6/99 ]
