
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #684
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888             "The Voice Of My Conscience"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "             by Ashtray Heart
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               6/14/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        You ever have voices that talk to you in the middle of the night?
 Course you do.  What do they tell you?  My middle-of-the-night voice says
 "It's 3 AM.  Fucking go back to sleep, will you?  You have work in the
 morning, you know."

        To which I say "No.  I gotta pee."

        It then says "OK, go fucking pee already.  I had a really great dream
 going on and now you're fucking the whole thing up.  Hurry up."

        Anyway, my mocking condemning voices never come to me in my sleep.
 My sleep is always blissful and profound.  It's the waking hours that
 present difficulty, because they never wind up nearly as damn cool as my
 dreams.  Then my voices say, "Why can't something cool happen, like Fonzie
 showing up or Magma playing a concert with Roger Waters?  Why don't you
 write something interesting, or get laid, or something?  Your dreams are so
 cool--why do you have to act so fucking BORING?  Shit.  Just forget it.  Go
 back to sleep.  Or daydream and forget what you're doing.  You're really bad
 at trying to make your dreams real, you know that?"

        And then I say "Fuck off.  Here are the batting average scores for
 the entire 1928 Chicago Cubs."  And that shuts it up for a while.  But then
 it says "No, look, you got a great idea for a book here.  An update to
 "Psychopathia Sexualis".  Look, here's a justification of it:

        Krafft-Ebbing's seminal "Psychopathia Sexualis" has been a bible of
 sexual deviations for generations.  But no similarly exhaustive work has
 come out since then.  Why is this?  Is there a shortage of deviations
 nowadays?  No!  Certainly this is unlikely, as the rise of the Internet has
 allowed us to view a range of sexual deviations broader than we could ever
 have thought possible previously.  Has everything in the realm of sex been
 depathologized?  If so, for shame!  The men and women today see quirks as
 something to accept as they are; they are taught blind unreasoning embrace
 of a partial self.  Introspection?  Strictly verboten; you might discover
 things about yourself you don't like.  No, the only way for a person to be
 "mentally healthy" in the eyes of some people is to be ignorant of their
 true selves.  There are plenty of examples of people doing strange things,
 and while those strange things might not exactly be pathological, they are
 nonetheless often indicative on some difficulty on the part of the
 "sufferer" (strictly speaking, this term is most applicable to masochistic
 perversions, as most of the perverts discussed here thoroughly enjoy their
 behavior on some level), and understanding what causes them to do the things
 they do might help them understand their priorities and their capacity for
 human enjoyment.

        So, then.  We are not saying that the cases outlined below are
 examples of things "wrong" or "bad".  They might even give you ideas of fun
 things to try in your own bedroom.  They are, instead, examples of the
 extremes sexual behavior can go to, and how sexual behavior can reflect on
 other areas of life.  The authors hope you shall take it as such.

        Some preliminary sample entries:

        1.  Leonard W.  Leonard lived a fairly normal life, developmentally
            and sexually, up until his 37th birthday, with the exception of
            his profession.  Leonard was a heterosexual male nurse at a time
            when male nurses were almost universally homosexual.  He could
            hardly have been ignorant of this fact, but never mentioned it,
            and took great pains in later life to avoid the subject of his
            former career altogether.  Indeed, he could be said to have been
            scrupulously moral--married, two kids, the whole lot.  On his
            37th birthday, however, an unknown acquaintance took him to see
            a porno movie.  Then and there, Leonard decided he had a new
            career.

            Leonard decided to embark on a career as a porn producer.  When
            he announced this to his wife, she reacted by leaving with the
            children and filing for divorce.  This only strengthened
            Leonard's resolve, and despite his lack of background in film, in
            no time he had built up a reputation as a producer of quality
            porn, full of the "slick" production values popular at the time.
            Leonard seldom appeared in these himself--he knew that as a
            balding, paunchy, long-haired 40-year-old with a five-inch penis,
            he could not possibly make it as a "porno star".  The few times
            he did appear (which is how we have knowledge of his unadorned
            penis length) it was as a groveling slave in a "female
            domination" video.  (Note that Leonard was not, as far as anyone
            knows, a sadomasochist.)  He envied his male stars, despite their
            protests of the drawbacks to having a monster schlong, and
            eventually decided to have penis enlargement surgery.

            This by itself would not be notable.  But over the course of the
            next few years, he would have a total of EIGHT surgeries,
            bringing his penis to a total length of twenty-two inches.  And
            this by itself would be sordid, but the fact that truly puts this
            case over the top is the discoloration.

            Leonard did not get his "enhancements" from reputable penis-
            enlargement surgeons (if such a thing, indeed, exists).  Though
            the penis enhancements were functional in every way, and Leonard
            was said to enjoy the sensation they provided, the coloration was
            invariably decidedly not in keeping with the color of the rest of
            his skin.  The effect was described in one industry porno
            reviewer as "moldy polystyrene".  The phrase stuck, and from then
            on in Leonard would be indeliably associated "moldy polystyrene".

            The enlargements were, in fact, partially intended to correct the
            color.  But every time he went in for a surgery, the penis got
            larger and the colors got more lurid.  Otherwise a canny
            businessman, Leonard did not even consider going to another
            surgeon, even after it became clear that the surgeons in question
            were bilking him for all he had and playing a rather grotesque
            prank on him in the process.  Leonard would hear none of it.  He
            pointed out how the surgeries had deformed his penis so badly
            that he was at hardly any risk for AIDS, while all his
            contemporaries were dying.  He pointed out how good his cock
            felt.  In the end, the surgeons were the only people he trusted.
            No one is certain whether his mysterious death in 1995 had
            anything to do with his many penile surgeries (one is loath to
            call surgery on this scale "enhancement"), but it appears the
            surgeons were not taking any chances.  They disappeared without
            trace the day BEFORE Leonard's death.
 
        2.  The Engorgement Fetishists.  This is not an example of an
            extraordinary perversion belonging to a single person, but rather
            an odd collective perversion, one of many that have thrived with
            the rise of the Internet.  In this case, a rather sizable fan
            base has grown up around the concept of a man being completely
            encased in a woman's body.  It has spawned several "fan" websites
            and a Usenet newsgroup, but no commercial pornography as of yet.
            The basic theme is of a woman, whose body may or may not be
            proportionately swelled, with a man having entered, feet first,
            through her uterus.  This is mostly presented through artistic
            representations of all varieties.  Sometimes the woman is
            slender, and sometimes every telltale lump of the male body is
            present, except, notably, the penis.  Perhaps it is prudery or
            perhaps something entirely different, but no hint of a penis can
            be seen in any of these drawings.  Often a male head can be seen
            sticking out from the woman's vagina.  Attention is also drawn to
            the woman's breasts and legs; the latter are often awkwardly
            akimbo, while the former often seem as if they are about to slide
            off her body on the sides, as if they were made of conical heaps
            of mercury.  Facial expressions vary greatly, from total
            confidence and mastery on the woman's half to total humiliation;
            from embarassment to oddly serene composure on the man's part.
            Prose fiction exists on this topic, as well, mostly centering
            around a man's efforts to consensually insert his entire body
            into a woman's vagina--either a woman he knows and loves dearly,
            or a complete stranger who strikes his fancy.  Obviously,
            misogynistic overtones can be drawn from this, as well as
            infantilism overtones.  Still, one wonders how such a thing can
            spread so widely and with such obvious compassion.

        3.  Sven M.  Sven, a single European immigrant in his mid-20s, is
            well within the range of normalcy sexually in every way but one.
            Every month he goes out to the woods and hunts for a squat branch
            section with exactly the same circumference as his penis.  He
            then inserts the stick in his rectum every time he wishes to
            obtain an erection, and claims this is the only way he can
            achieve an erection.  Once inserted, Sven can maintain an
            erection for lengthy periods of time with no apparent effort
            until he reaches orgasm or the stick is removed.  Sven regards
            this as perfectly normal, and was not recommended to our office
            for sexual difficulties, but from a rash that resulted from the
            sticks used.  When questioned, Sven told us that part of his
            penis was removed without his permission by the mad doctor who
            birthed him.  The mad doctor then bequeathed the missing penis
            section to the spirits of the woodland.  Every month he has to go
            out into the woods and find the missing section of his penis in
            order to be able to use it, because the magic the doctor employed
            on him transfers the penis to a different branch every month.
            When asked how he chooses, Sven responded "You'd know your own
            dick if you saw it, wouldn't you, doc?"  Additionally, Sven is
            afraid that putting the wrong branch in his rectum would change
            the size and shape of his penis.  He claims that he has lost a
            quarter inch in penis girth in this manner.  That these two
            statements do not reconcile does not register with him.  Sven's
            explanation of the origin of his difficulties obviously has some
            likeness to the circumcision story, except that, being a European
            gentile by birth, Sven is not circumcised.

            Investigation of the incidents surrounding his birth turned up no
            apparent medical anomalies.  The origin of his delusions in this
            case remain a mystery.  After evaluation, it was determined that
            Sven's actions in all other matters were eminently rational and,
            since his delusions posed no imminent danger to himself or others,
            he was released from custody with an intensive program of sexual
            counseling recommended.  We have not seen him since.

        And then I say "No, look, I don't want to write all that shit down!
 That would take HOURS!  I want to download some more porno, or something!"

        "Wake up.  There are 26 pictures in alt.binaries.pictures.victoria-
 secret.  Get off IRC.  Stop checking your email.  WRITE SOMETHING."

        Finally I do, but it takes me several months, the result is
 hopelessly self-referential, and I'm not very satisfied with the results.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS! HOE #684-WRITTEN BY: ASHTRAY HEART-6/14/99 ]
