
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #730
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888                   "I Am So Sexy"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "               by Phairgirl
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               7/6/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

	I decided long ago that I am never going to have children, most
 likely never marry, and live my life the way I choose and never ruin the
 human race.  See, every time I tell my mother this, she immediately retorts,
 "Well, you say that now, but give it five or ten years and you'll be living
 in the middle of suburbia with your husband and three kids."  This is when I
 give my mother a very evil nasty look.

	She's lived with me since, hell, since I was born, if you exclude the
 two times when I moved out.  She tells me daily what a pain in the ass I am.
 She can barely tolerate me.  So what makes her think that I'm going to find
 anyone who will willingly put up with me?  Without that "unconditional love"
 thing, I think my mother would be in prison for murder a long, long time
 ago.

	I know what you are thinking, reading this silly file, "Oh, silly
 Phairgirl!  Another one of those girls who think that NO BOY WILL EVER LIKE
 THEM, well boo hoo!"  No, it's not like that at all.  Okay, sometimes I can
 be like that, I admit, it's that damn estrogen.  However, to prove my point,
 I decided that maybe a list of non-compromisable issues and statements of
 fact would be in order.

	1.  Everything annoys the hell out of me.

	This is a rather broad and over-general fact of existence; it is also
 absolutely and completely true.  To narrow it down, in case you're REALLY
 INTERESTED, I will list precisely everything that annoys me.

	a.  Scraping your teeth on your fork when you eat.
	b.  Getting out of the car before I turn it off.
        c.  Doing stupid macho driving thinks, e.g. peeling out, speeding
            over big hills, taking corners at no less than 849 miles per
            hour, spinning doughnuts.
        d.  Putting the toilet paper on the roll with the paper coming off
            from UNDERNEATH.
	e.  Changing the channel during every commercial break.
        f.  Heat, in any way, shape or form.  I prefer to live in a sixty
            degree environment.
	g.  Baseball caps.
        h.  Leaving your shit strewn everywhere across the room, for more
            than a week.
	i.  Leaving the toilet clogged.
	j.  Eating butter--straight.
	k.  Ketchup on eggs or macaroni and cheese.
        l.  The words "creamy," "meaty," "boost," "snack," and "hearty."
	m.  Smacking your lips when you eat.  Yechhhh.
	n.  Leaving empty boxes/containers in the refrigerator.
	o.  Putting pop cans and paper plates in the sink.
	p.  Criticizing my music choices.

	There are many more, but I must move on, or this will be a 100K file.

	2.  I like to argue, but only when I'm right.

	I love to rip people's ideas and opinions to shreds; however, if we
 are debating a fact, and I'm wrong (although obviously I'm pretty damn
 positive that I'm right), I don't want to argue about it.  I prefer to live
 in ignorant bliss, maybe perhaps read the correct answer somewhere else and
 learn, but I don't want someone to argue the point to my face.  I prefer not
 to feel stupid.  However, I will stop at nothing to prove that you ARE
 stupid, should you challenge me on a point, whether you are right or wrong.

	I like to put something like this into an example:  When I was about
 12 years old, I was playing Trivial Pursuit with my neighbor (note: I AM THE
 TRIVIA MASTER, DO NOT ATTEMPT TO DEFEAT ME BECAUSE IT IS IMPOSSIBLE) and the
 answer to some question was, on the card, "Judaism."  Me, being twelve, did
 not think to say "judaism" as my answer, but rather, "jewish," because,
 criminy, I was twelve.  My stupid neigbor said I was wrong.  I yelled at her
 for about fifteen minutes saying it was the SAME THING, and she wouldn't
 listen to me.  Finally my mom had to send her home because my whole face was
 red and I was within inches of killing her.  It was great.

	Conversely, I was once having an argument (that I dare not repeat,
 because it made me look stupid) about ethnic slurs, and I insisted that one
 slur was for one ethnicity, while two people argued that I was wrong.  Well,
 as I found out two days later, they were right, but I called them every name
 I could imagine that is synonymous with "stupid" and was ready for physical
 violence.  Now I feel stupid.  I just wish they would've let me think I was
 right and let it go, because obviously I learned better without looking like
 an ass.

	Don't call me a hypocrite, or I might have to kill you.

	3.  My stuff is my stuff.  Your stuff is my stuff.

	This one is easy; if it is mine, then nobody is allowed to touch it,
 drive it, play it, or mess with it except for me.  However, if you buy
 something new, I want to play with it, drive it, turn it upside down, and
 take it apart.  If I cook something, you don't get any unless I am feeling
 very nice and made a lot.  If you cook something, you better share or die,
 or at least tell me beforehand that it's not for me so that I don't get my
 hopes up.

	If you believe in astrology, or at least find it interesting, I am a
 Taurus.  In fact, if you read the description of a Taurus, it is me.  My
 possessions are everything to me.  If you steal from me, prepare to die.  If
 you mess with my possessions, but don't ruin them, well, prepare to die
 anyway.  However, I want everything I see, and if it just happens to be
 yours, you better at least let me play with it a little bit, or I might
 want to steal it.  I won't steal it, but I'll sneak around behind your back
 and use it anyway.

	4.  Children are evil little things.

	I really despise children.  Okay, that's a little broad; I don't hate
 them all.  I don't like kids before they learn how to talk and how to
 listen.  I don't like kids after they are old enough to challenge my
 authority.  Five year olds rock.  After that, it's all downhill, and they
 need to stay very very far away.

	I am never going to give birth.  First, it's yucky.  I don't want my
 crotch opened up to unattainable widths and viewed by a hospital staff.  I
 don't want to wear retarded looking clothes for nine months.  But most of
 all, I don't want to have to take a baby home with me afterwards and have
 to lose forty pounds.

	This, although scary, yes, is not my real problem with having
 children:  my mother has long since cursed me that I will have a child who
 is JUST LIKE ME.  I'm not taking any chances.  I was a pain in the ass to
 raise.

	5.  I am a psychotic recluse.

        If everything I've said before is wildly exaggerated, well, this one
 ABSOLUTELY IS NOT.  I hate people because someone always pisses me off for
 some reason or another.  Either everyone around me is too stupid for me to
 comprehend, or they're all high and mighty and act like they're so much
 better than me that I'd rather kill them all than listen to their Honors
 Biology drivel for another nanosecond.   It may sound odd that I have a
 wide range of friends and acquaintances.  As my friends will gladly tell
 you, they all piss me off all the time and I can only hang out with them
 for a short period of time, followed by a week of recovery.

	Then, there's that "psychotic" part.  I have this really odd disorder
 which is similar to manic depression, but it travels in superfast cycles.
 Rather than days and weeks of high/low periods like bipolar disorder, my
 moods will swing to extreme ends in a matter of hours... or less.  If
 someone says something that catches me the wrong way, and I'm not in a
 decent mood, I will go psycho and need to be completely alone to deal with
 my depression.  Conversely, I have also found myself doing incredibly stupid
 things because I have this insane natural high that makes me act obscenely
 silly and hyper.

	I suppose a bit of an example is in order for this one.  Say I'm
 hanging out with my SIGNIFICANT OTHER, watching a good movie (good meaning
 lots of DEATH and BLOOD SPRAYING), and I seem to be really happy and
 content.  In fact, I might be sitting upside down in the chair, talking in
 funny voices, and making up nonsense blues songs (I tend to do that a LOT
 for some reason when I'm hyper).  Suddenly, my SIG FIG turns to me and says,
 "Will you knock that off?  I can't hear the movie."  Then, as the EVIL
 RUINER OF MY FUN watches the movie, I get all doe-eyed and wonder what I did
 wrong, and DO THEY REALLY LOVE ME, and AM I WASTING MY LIFE, and within
 minutes, I am in my room flailing about, trying to not think about pills and
 knives!#@!  WHEE FUN!#@!  Then my cat will do something funny, and I will
 laugh a lot, and I will remember when Effy changed the lyrics in that
 Stabbing Westward song to "I CAN'T EVEN SHAVE MYSELF" and in less than a
 half hour, I am back to normal, and watching the movie.

	Believe it or not, I am doing a lot better now than a year ago, and
 although that never happened, it's pretty close to what did.  I'm not quite
 so off-kilter now, but then again, I don't have a SIGNIFICANT OTHER anymore
 either.  YET ANOTHER REASON.

	6.  I might kill you.

        Now, just in case there's someone out there who is thinking, "Well,
 Phairgirl, as idiosyncratic and hypocritical as you have painted yourself to
 be, you still don't sound all that horrible.  Hell, I'd do ya,"  I must
 dispel all thoughts that I am attainable and tolerable:  I have no qualms in
 killing another person if they drive me to it.

	If someone were to screw around on me, if someone were to lie to me
 about something pretty major, if someone hit me or my cats (I almost forgot:
 I am required, by virtue that I am alive, that I must always have at least
 two cats), then they are privy to death.

	When I was four, this friend of the family had this obnoxious
 daughter who always used to hit me.  She was five.  I was taught never to
 hit back.  So, I told my mom that Keri kept hitting me.  She got REALLY
 ANNOYED after about the twentieth time.  Finally she said, "If Keri hits you
 again, beat her up!"  Within five minutes, you could hear Keri screaming
 halfway across the neighborhood, as I had knocked her flat on her stomach
 and was sitting on her back, furiously pounding my fists on her.

	They peeled me off.

	It happened AGAIN ten minutes later.

	Keri was lucky; she was bigger than me and I wasn't all buff.
 However, I am fully aware that if someone were to provoke me, I would not
 just knock them down.  I am big enough now that I know WHERE and HOW to hit
 someone.  In fact, I would not be surprised in the least if the mortician
 had to knock me off three days later.

	As wonderful as this all sounds, I'm sure there will STILL be guys
 chasing me down and wanting to spend their lives with me.  Some crazy fucker
 will most likely STILL want to endure a life with me as I yell at them to
 eat properly and argue with them that Mewtwo is NOT the coolest Pokemon.
 But then again, who can blame them?  I'm a great lay.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!  HOE #730 - WRITTEN BY: PHAIRGIRL - 7/6/99 ]
