 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #613
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888               "When Jamesy Met Caity"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "                by Caitlin
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               5/6/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        Caitlin was a killer sex machine.  The guys came the girls came, if
 you know what I mean.  They'd call, they'd beg, they'd plead on their
 fucking hands and knees for one night with her.  She'd often turn people
 down, just because she could.  She was like that alot..  it made her feel
 good.

        Thursday was the first time she saw Jamesy.  He was tall, and a bit
 nerdy and goofy looking.  She didn't look twice at him.  She was in line
 at the music store, buying the latest Tori Amos import cd, and he looked
 at her and smiled awkwardly.  She laughed and smiled, then walked away.
 He stood still, staring as she strutted out the door with her new prize.

        The second time she saw Jamesy, she was having coffee and a
 cigarette at the local Denny's with her friends Tasha and Anjee, and Jamesy
 stumbled in with two other of his odd looking friends.  He quietly
 whispered to them, and they all turned to look at Caitlin and her friends.
 Caitlin noticed of course and winked back at him.  The waitress seated
 Jamesy and friends two tables away from Caitlin.

        Caitlin lit up another smoke, and giggled and talked with Anj and
 Tasha, turning now and then to smile at Jamesy.  Of course, he just sat
 there stupidly and smiled back... all 9 or 10 times.  Impatient, she
 hurried her friends to finish so they could leave.

        Anj and Tasha went off to the bathroom, while Caitlin paid the bill,
 and then walked over to where Jamesy sat.

        "Hi there... Jamesy," she said, with sheer confidence.

	"Uhhhh," he stammered, "How do you know my name?"

        She pointed to the tacky shirt he was wearing, with some stupid
 computer logo on it, and his name in the right hand corner above the
 pocket.

	"Oh," he replied.

        "Do you like Thai food?" she asked, casually.

        "I... uh... I-I... I don't eat meat," he finally managed to get out
 of his mouth.

        "Well, uhm..  would you like to go out to eat this friday?  I know
 a great place that serves great vegetable and tofu dishes."

	"Sh-sh-sure," he said.

	"I'll be at your apartment at 6 on Friday, okay?"

        "H-h-how do you know where I live?" he questioned.

        She reached deep into his pocket, and slowly slid his wallet out,
 and wrote down his address.

        "See you on friday," she said, tossed his wallet onto his lap, and
 strutted out of the restraunt, with Tasha and Anjee now at her heels.

 [-----]

        Friday came around, and Caitlin, dressed in a short black tank
 dress, fishnets, and knee high patent leather boots, drove up to Jamesy's
 apartment complex, where he was standing with his long, stringy hair
 hanging limply.  He was dressed in jean shorts, and a t-shirt, with some
 internet address, plainly printed across the front.  Caitlin giggled
 quietly as he got into the passenger seat of her new red mercury cougar.

        She lit up a cigarette, and sped off, Jamesy struggling to do up his
 seatbelt before Caitlin turned onto the road.

	"So, do you only talk after others?" Caitlin inquired.

        ".... n-n-no... i, uh, i'm just..  a tad... I don't know," he
 replied.

        "Oh... " she said, and they sat in silence for the rest of the way
 to the thai restraunt.

        They enjoyed their meals.  Jamesy ordered a tofu dish (mild) with
 baby corn, straw mushrooms, asparagus, and fried garlic on the top.
 Caitlin ordered pad thai, extra spicy, with extra lime on the side.  Jamesy
 paid, kindly enough.

        After dinner, they got back in Caitlin's car, and didn't say a word
 until Jamesy broke the silence finally.

	"W-wh-where are we going now?"

	Caitlin giggled then replied, "How about to my place?"

        "uhhhhhh..... th-that'd be uhhh, okay."

        Jamesy sat quietly, the cd player in Caitlin's car playing some soft
 unfamiliar harmony.  Jamesy pondered exactly what a beautiful, incredible,
 confident girl like Caitlin could see in him.  He stood about 5'10",
 weighed maybe 150 pounds, and was definately not a movie star.  His nose
 was quite large, his face shaped oddly, so that his eyes were set a little
 too close together.  His lips were quite feminine, and when he smiled his
 teeth jutted out over his top lip.  All in all he was pretty awkward...
 maybe Caitlin felt sorry for him.

        Caitlin, on the other hand, was about 5'8" and weighed about 120
 lbs.  Her hair was reddish brown, streaked with turquoise.  Her eyes were
 blue-green.  It was one of her most luring features, possibly the secret
 to her sexual attraction.

        They arrived at Caitlin's, and Cait pointed for Jamesy to sit on the
 couch, while she slipped into the bathroom.  She walked out wearing nothing
 but her fishnets and a beaded choker collar.  Jamesy's mouth dropped.  "How
 can one woman be so incredibly perfect?" he thought.  She put 12 Rounds in
 her CD player, and started it on track one, to play through the whole cd.
 She sauntered over to Jamesy and put her hands on his cheeks, and kissed
 him on the tip of his nose.  He, for the first time, took the cue, and
 kissed her deeply, his cock rising with every second.  Caitlin reached
 down, and unbuttoned his pants, sliding them down a bit, his erect member
 popping through eagerly.  She grabbed it firmly in her hands, then slid her
 hand down to his balls and tickled them with her fingernails.

        She took his hand, and led him down the hallway, to a darkened room,
 with the shades pulled down, only letting a few rays of light through.  She
 asked him to undress, while she went into the kitchen to make them some
 drinks.

	"Is rum and coke okay?" she asked.

	"Th-that's fine."

        She returned with drinks in hand, and sat with Jamesy and talked for
 several minutes, almost nude, enjoying the solace in the situation.  After
 they finished their drinks, Caitlin directed Jamesy to lay down on his
 stomach, and she crawled on top of him, and started rubbing great smelling
 oils into his back.  He was in ecstacy.  Every time he had been with a
 woman, it was short, and unfulfilling for the girls in the end.  Most of
 it was his fault, but many guys have that same problem.  Caitlin was going
 to teach Jamesy a lesson.

        The last thing Jamesy remembered was Caitlin singing along softly
 with the CD that was playing.

        When Jamesy woke up, he was completely naked, and in what appeared
 to be an abandoned office building.  He couldn't turn to see what was
 directly behind him, because he was tied tightly by his feet to a large
 cabinet, and his hands to a large, heavy desk.

        Caitlin walked in, her face painted up trashy like that of a drag
 queen.  She had on thigh high red boots, a red corset, black thongs, and
 long red gloves.  In her hands, she was holding keys.  He had no idea why,
 but then his mind drifted to the fact that his cock was raging hard against
 the corporate carpet and his stomach.

        Caitlin laughed, very evil sounding, and she walked out of the room
 briefly, only to return with a dog.  Perhaps a German Shepard, Jamesy
 thought, although it seemed larger.  Jamesy was also on the floor though,
 so he couldn't be totally sure.  He stared at the dog with more intent.
 The dog was black and brown, and it's tongue was hanging out.  Jamesy could
 have sworn he was staring directly at him.  The next thing Jamesy saw
 frightened him deeply.  The dog's penis was erect!

        "Call him Jarett," Caitlin said to Jamesy, referring to the dog's
 name.

        Jamesy stared with horror, and tried to open his mouth to ask
 Caitlin what the hell the dog was doing, which he already assumed the
 answer to, but then he realized he was gagged!!!  He attempted a scream,
 but it was more of a shriek/gurgle noise.

        Caitlin walked over to Jamesy and impaled her sharp pointed high
 heel boot into his back.

        "Com'ere Jarett... good dog."

        Jamesy tried to protest as the dog slid his huge dog cock into his
 tight asshole.  Jamesy scrunched up his face in agony, while the dog
 wrapped his paws around Jamesy's back, reached under to anchor himself
 with Jamesy's weight.  Jarett, the dog, barked and made odd animal noises,
 while Jamesy's eyes filled with tears.

        Caitlin disappeared into the other room, returned with a strap on
 dildo tied tightly around her toned middle.  Jamesy's watery eyes grew
 wide, as Caitlin undid Jamesy's gag.  He knew what was coming when she
 shoved the plastic 10" cock into his mouth.  He gagged, and she smacked the
 top of his head hard.

        "Suck harder, bitch.  You know you like it.  Show me you like it,"
 she said bitterly.

	"plllgghghggggghh," he drooled.

        "Bitch, take all 10 inches, you know you can.  Show me how much you
 want me.  Show me, while Jarett fucks your tight little asshole."

        "Pllggghhhhbrrrb," he swallowed more.  With each fake thrust from
 Caitlin, he learned how to suck on the plastic cock without gagging as
 much.  He started rubbing his own dick on the carpet ground.

        Jamesy's sucked more and more eagerly, watching Caitlin's enjoy
 herself turned him on even more.  The dog cock in his ass didn't even
 bother him anymore, in fact, he was severly enjoying it.

        Caitlin removed the plastic piece from his mouth.  Jamesy
 immediately started moaning loudly.  She untied Jamesy from the desk and
 cabinet, and laughed when he just layed there, enjoying the dog fuck way
 too much to even think of trying to escape.

        Caitlin walked out of the room, and that was the last time Jamesy
 ever saw her.
	
        Jamesy raised up slightly on his knees, not caring that Caitlin had
 left, so that he could jerk his hard crank, while the dog continued to fuck
 his bleeding ass.  Within one minute Jamesy shot a stream of hot cum all
 over the grey carpet.

        He layed back down on his stomach and caught his breath, and then
 tried to push the dog off of his back, but something was wrong!  He was
 stuck!  Jamesy screamed and tried to stand up, but the dog would not come
 off!  He remembered something in that instant... something he read off an
 internet site once.  He would be tied with this dog for awhile!

        Jamesy sighed and layed back on the ground, too tired to panic...
 too exhausted to care.

        **** 4 weeks later ****

        Jamesy patted Jarret on the head, while he recalled the odd night he
 spent with Caitlin and Jarett a month ago.  After that night, Jamesy awoke
 with Jarett in his arms, and got up at once to walk around.  He was in an
 old abandoned office, as he suspected, deep in the city.  He searched
 briefly for anyone in the building, particularly Caitlin.  No one was
 there.  He gathered Jarett up, and started his walk back to his apartment
 in the suburbs.

        Four days apon returning, he went to Caitlin's house.  No one was to
 be seen.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!    HOE #613 - WRITTEN BY: CAITLIN - 5/6/99 ]
