 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #511
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8 
    888     888 888      888 888             "My Beef with Phil Collins"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "              by Ashtray Heart
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               3/16/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        Well, after an exhaustive manhunt lasting several months and
 entailing a squadron of several hundred highly trained dogs, I have been
 enticed out of hiding once more.  Where have I been?  Mostly I've been
 writing poetry, from which I will spare you because, well, isn't there
 enough pain in this world already?  I've been lured out of my ineffective
 retirement by two factors:

        1. The offer, by an anonymous patron of the arts, of an unlimited
           quantity of S&M soft porn.

        2. The opportunity to participate in and document for posterity the
           ritual murder of Phil Collins.

        After running this latter opportunity by our hot 'n juicy lawyers,
 it was downgraded to the opportunity for a feral wrestling match with Phil
 Collins.  For those of you who have missed out on this groundbreaking
 piece of news (an exclusive, BTW, to whichever the hell zine I'm writing
 this for), here are some of the interesting details on the match:

        * My battle royal with Phil Collins will be a shaving match.
          Originally Collins had proposed a head-shaving match, but after
          I was astute enough to point out, through my lawyers, of course,
          that Collins was bald as a fucking cueball (mind you, I don't
          exactly have a world-beating hairline myself, but it's miles
          ahead of that jive honky Collins'), the match was amended to a
          crotch shaving match.  The winner will get to shave the loser's
          crotch.  The razor to be used for this has yet to be determined;
          we're still interviewing potential corporate sponsors.
          Personally, though, I hope whatever we choose is really fucking
          painful.  I'm rooting for a straight razor, myself.  We have
          determined a sponsor for aftershave, and I'm proud to announce
          that after our match Phil Collins is going to be an Aqua Velva
          man... down THERE.

        * We have yet to find a venue for the match, due to some pesky laws
          about public nudity.  We're considering filing papers for this
          event as an "artistic event", which might not only allow the
          nudity required but could possibly get us some arts grant funding.
          I'm optimistic that we can make this happen, even if we have to
          go all the way to fucking Berkeley.

        * The match WILL be a weapons match.  I had originally proposed a
          livestock match wherein the ring would be peppered with farm
          animals which could be used in any offensive way possible, but
          humane society protests coupled with the possibility of some of
          the fans going hog-wild a little too literally and attempting to
          sodomize the animals have put this out of the question, as I'm
          told you can't get away with fucking barnyard animals even if it
          IS the most significant artistic event of the century.   We are
          currently working out a compromise.  Either the weapons will
          consist of an army of robot chickens of my own design, or a huge
          barrel filled with anything available from the Archie McPhee
          catalog.  As always, we will keep you posted.
 
        * Recommendations for referee will be gladly accepted.  Collins of
          course wants that fucking wanker Tony Banks to referee, but
          there's no way in hell I'm going to let that happen, even if I
          have to have him arrested on false pretenses of child pornography
          to keep him from getting to ringside.  It probably won't come to
          that, though.  I've submitted a memo to Ken Starr obliquely
          hinting that Tony Banks and Bill Clinton might once have slept in
          the same bed.  You can expect every overdue library book Banks
          has had out to be leaked to the media by next Thursday.

        Collins, I just want to let you know, even if you get Banks to ref,
 you're going down.  You may have had arms of steel once upon a time from
 thrashing the shit out of those drums, but you've gone soft.  You've been
 pussyfooting around with those wimpy drum machines too long.  You don't
 know me.  You don't know how hard I'm working to make this happen,
 Collins.  You get there in the ring with me, you're going to see all of
 your life flash before your eyes.  I'll get you stuttering so bad that the
 next time you try and sing "Sussudio", it'll take you 5,473 repetitions
 of the first syllable before you finally get that accursed spell out.  Oh,
 yes.  Don't think I'm not on to you and the source of your continued
 power.  Don't think I don't know about your dabblings with black magic.
 I've got my own voodoo sorcerer, believe you me, and I'm getting trained
 by nothing but the best.

        Let me tell you about my training room, Collins.  I've got an 8X8
 room set up, and the decor is filled with nothing but pictures of your
 face, from your noxious fucking album covers.  I've got a stereo in there
 that plays your hits 24 hours a day, from "In the Air Tonight" to that
 wretched piece of shit cover of "True Colors".  Collins, your music has
 taught me the true meaning of pain, and when we get in the ring I'll teach
 you every bit of what I've learned.  I'm going to do to you what I did to
 "Loco in Acapulco", Collins.

        And then you know what?  I'm going to shave you.  I'm going to make
 your crotch as soft and smooth as your wife's pussy.  Before a crowd of
 thousands out there in the arena, I'm going to take away the last pretense
 to manhood you have.  I know you've been growin' it, too.  How long's it
 been since you shaved down there?  Two years?  Five?  Twenty?  Never?
 Well, you just keep growin' that public hair, Collins.  I want your bush
 nice and full for me.

 * * *
 
        Phil, I want to tell you.  After your work with Genesis, after your
 horrible solo career, after having to put up with your wretched occult
 presence all through the '80s, I thought I knew the meaning of hate.  I
 hated you more than I'd ever hated anyone in my life.  But Phil, that was
 nothing next to what I feel for you now.  Phil Collins, I'm here to tell
 you, now it's personal.

        You can't possibly guess how grueling this training regimen has
 been for me.  I've studied every inch, every side of your face from more
 angles than I thought were possible.  I've heard your sniveling voice in
 every permutation known, from your cover of "Tomorrow Never Knows" through
 "We Can't Dance".  It's hurt.  Oh, has it hurt.  But it hasn't been for
 nothing.  I know where your every weak spot is, Phil.  I know exactly the
 nerves to strike on your face to freeze you up in spastic fits.  I know
 exactly what to say to make you weak.  I know exactly who to hurt to get
 to you, Phil, and I'm going to do it.  It's not enough to just shave your
 crotch anymore, Phil.  I'm going to make your life more miserable than
 I've made mine.  The weeks before this match will be just as much torture
 for you as they are for me.  I realize this will make you lean and hungry,
 and this will make my match harder, but I'm still confident that I'm the
 better man than you.  Knowing you've given it your all for this match
 instead of sitting back getting fat off your royalty checks will just make
 my final victory all the sweeter for me.

        You know what did it for me?  You know what was the straw that
 broke the camel's back?  It was the porn, Phil.  Remember?  The unlimited
 quantities of S&M softporn from your own collection that you set me up
 with?  I've been seeing YOUR FACE on them, Phil.  YOUR FACE on every one
 of those goddamned models.  YOUR FACE on those perfect sets of tits, on
 every one of those bound and helpless women.  YOUR FACE squirming
 fetchingly in an infinite number of variations.  Oh, you'll squirm, Phil.
 You'll squirm.  But it won't be all nicey-nice SOFT-PORN squirming.
 There'll be nothing sexy about the way your eyes beg for mercy THEN.  Oh,
 no.  It'll be pure pain, Phil.  Pain and blood.  You like to play around
 with pain, but you're about to get yourself a heaping helping of the real
 thing.

        I bet you're sweating right now, because already the world knows
 one of your little secrets.  The whole world knows exactly what you like
 in the bedroom.  But that's not really why you're sweating, is it?  You
 don't even really mind that they know about it that much.  You must have
 figured I'd spill the beans on that eventually.  No, what you're sweating
 about is that you know it's only the beginning.  And you're wondering how
 much of it I know.  Well, trust me on this one, Phil.  If you've done it,
 I know about it.  I know it all.  And I've dedicated the rest of my career
 to your downfall.  It'll be the thrill of my life to watch you go down, to
 take that rusty old razor to your crotch, Phil.  Knowing that I'm going to
 do that to you will make it all worthwhile.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS! #511 - WRITTEN BY: ASHTRAY HEART - 3/16/99 ]
