 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #558
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888                   "For Kelly 7-9"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "                 by Isaac
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               4/6/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

 (#7)

        I have made many bad decisions in my life.  One of them was not
 taking PE at all last year when I actually still had some ability to do
 physical crap.  Now I have to take it when I have grown a potbelly and
 developed a weak heart.  They make me walk.  I just learned never to wear
 flannel boxers ever again in PE, because even though I walk really slow
 with like little baby steps my underwear gets all bundled up and starts
 chafing all that skin between my legs and under my scotum, and I have to
 keep pulling it.  I develop a real sensitive rash or something down there
 now and the next day it really hurts to walk normal so I am just like
 "fuck it" and I walk all weird so that the skin doesn't rub and hurt.
 People look at me like "uh ok, you are definitely retarded or something"
 and I am like "YEAH, I am so retarded I forgot how to walk right, along
 with all of that other social shit I forgot how to do right.  So fuck you".

        I used to get really bad pains in my chest all the time and I
 figured it was just gas or something so I used to take a lot of antacids
 and i would carry them around in my pocket in a little plastic bag.  Now i
 get pains in my chest again but these are much different.  They aren't gas
 pains anymore.  They are like "I feel like I am about to start crying or
 vomiting or something" type pains.  But sometimes they aren't painful at
 all like when I am at lunch with Kelly and I start shaking uncontrollably
 and get this really strange tingling in my chest.  One time I seemed to
 turn the shaking into a game where I would try to control it and I would
 stop for a second or two and it would start again and I then I would just
 laugh at myself because it was like "why I am shaking!?  my body is so
 funny".

        I have many images that come into my head.  Especially during
 presleep, but sometimes I get very interesting ones that seem to come from
 no where.  One time I get this image of this weird mental grid pattern of
 long hexagons and it makes me thing of a fence and behind them is strange
 yellow fluid background with green spots.  Other images are not so
 picturesque.  Sometimes I will see what I call "my sky" which just a
 gray-blue sky but the emotions and feelings I get are so interesting to
 me.  Such a simple thing means so much to me.  I have many objects like
 that which I can call up or picket out of my magical sack of mind forms.
 It wasn't until I saw paintings by Bocklin that reminded my of those mind
 forms that I realized that what people call "art" is really just a method
 to make those objects that exist in the mind more lucid and real.

        Perhaps the mystery of being really is not a problem to be solved
 but a reality to be felt.  If that is true then I have already felt it.  It
 is a mind form I call "the Tao" which is a name I gave it when I read
 about Taoism and the concept of formless non-being.  That mind form is hard
 is very to get to though.  I have to first try to conceptualize the whole
 of the material universe then see "behind it" to the static formless
 constant that is "the Tao".  I could only feel it for moments at a time.
 I used to meditate trying to just feel it for a long time.  Feelings are
 impossible to communicate though unless the receiver already knows the
 feeling.  Again, it is like trying to teach colors to the blind.

        I have decided that I hate my penis.  It just gets in the way.  I
 want to get a complete castration and just have smooth skin crotch.  Now
 THAT would enhance my life a lot more then developing my social skills.
 But then I would have to sit or squat to pee, so nevermind.

        Writing these letters wouldn't be as fun if I didn't give them to
 Kelly.  I don't know why that is.  I decided I am just going to keep
 writing her "letters" until one day I give her a letter and she just rips
 it up and throws it on the ground and is like "I don't want anymore of your
 pointless letters you crazy, pathetic fuck!".  Actually, that is the method
 I hope she uses when she finally does get sick of my letters.  She will
 probably be able to "end it" without saying anything somehow, and the whole
 situation will just be really sad and depressing.

        I decided that from now on I am just going to think she enjoys my
 letters, sense she doesn't actually say anything about them.

 (#8)

        I like to swing.  In my backyard the ground is covered in clovers
 and shaded by trees and it is really nice to go out there and swing or
 just sit in a swing under a tree.  The swing has a plastic blue seat and
 yellow ropes and one is pretty low to the ground and one is really high
 and I usually sit in the low one sense the high one is hard to get on.  I
 think differently when I am in the swing.  I feel free to let my thoughts
 just flow uncontrolled and think peaceful thoughts.  I call that my "fun
 time".  Also, I will spin and slowly wind up the rope and then let it turn
 me slowly as it unwinds.  Today I actually started swinging and it feel
 really good.

        I had a really bad migraine today.  I rarely have those.  They are
 different then headaches because they only last about 3 seconds and they
 are very painful and after it is gone I am really scared it will come
 again so I sit really still and try not to trigger one with stress, even
 though I don't really know what triggers those, but just calmly sitting
 really still seems to help.

        I have talked of mind forms and how they affect me.  There is one
 that I have experienced my whole life that I used to call "little-big"
 and now I think a better name to call it is "the duality".  I lost the
 method of inducing it though.  It would come to me during presleep about
 once every year and sometimes many times in a month.  It was partly an
 image but mostly an intense feeling that would paralyze me in awe.  It was
 wonderful and so fascinating.  It was inhuman and alien, but it was "my
 alien", in the sense that it was mine but not of the world I came from.
 It has a black background and it is composed of lines I think.  Or maybe
 points.  I don't remember it or how to explain it now.  I became obsessed
 with trying to draw it though when I 10 and then again when I was 14 (See
 picture; cone shaped object).  Sometimes it was in my dreams also, in the
 form or incasing a merry-go-round or something.  This is important though
 because I always felt that if I solved the mystery of the little-big I
 would gain a grand, profound insight into something.  Now, I seem to have
 no ability to recall it or have an desire to peruse it.  I feel like it may
 come back again later in life.  One time I thought maybe it might be
 something everyone feels or "gets" but the people I talked to had no idea,
 and I still search for people who can relate to it and I show them the
 drawing because I know if I saw someone else draw anything like that I
 would know immediately what that was a symbol of.

        Anyway that was in someway also a symbol of my "dark" part of life
 (I always talk of the unconscious or the place one searches for something
 "dark").  Now I seem to be entering a part of my life where socially
 oriented skills and experiences are becoming more and more important.  I
 could feel it creep up in me like something that was telling me "sorry,
 fun is over now you must get "real", and it would tell me in my growing
 discomfort of introspection and meditation.  At first I thought that the
 problem was that I was losing my touch and that I just needed to hold fast
 to my path and endure the pain as something of a growth experience (what
 doesn't kill you only makes you stronger).  In this time all my dreams
 became either disturbing erotic dreams, dreams of war and earth
 destruction, dreams of me looking for a small girl demon in dark places,
 or dreams of me killing people or getting killed by cutting them or
 stabbing them to death (mostly negative dreams).  I also begin to see that
 people saw social life as "real life" and I felt this was a sad or cruel
 illusion in the human mind, but I felt myself slipping into the same mind
 set which further complicated my situation.  This is also the time of the
 bad chest pains.

        My mind used to always race through things and thoughts and find the
 questions and answers and the images and mind forms and identify the
 direction of the nova-object.  Now it kept stumbling and becoming lost and
 confused sometimes and that was extremely painful.  I always felt like
 people didn't know real pain for they seemed so distressed at physical pain
 but physical pain very much pales in comparison with the pain of a mind in
 great distress.  So I started to do what I though was weird things and
 behavior.  I would just start walking around pointlessly to calm myself.  I
 looked for the good feelings once again as I had as a child.  I became more
 extroverted.  I start writing letters to a girl named Kelly, and I become
 nervous because I was doing something on "feeling" and you must understand
 I am not conformable when I don't really know the objective of an action.
 So, the letters became all about me and why I was writing them.

 ---

        Kelly is really nice and not just in the kind way.  She is nice like
 when I swing with the clovers and the trees.  I really loved talking to her
 and I should really tell her that just so she knows and doesn't think I
 think low of her or something, because she is very smart and interesting
 just as I thought she would be.

        When I talk with Kelly just hearing her voice makes me smile and
 when she laughs I laugh and I get this really pleasant feeling.  It is just
 really good.  That is the best way to describe it is "good".  I love how she
 tries to humor me when I said something about not minding silence and she
 gets silent thinking I am enjoying it when what I enjoy is her talking but
 only if she is enjoying it also.  I didn't want her to feel pressure to
 keep talking just to fill silence (maybe I should have said that instead).
 I feel really nice for the first time in a long time.  In fact I have
 almost forgotten how "nice" felt.  It was like all those other times I
 thought I was feeling okay and good was just fake and beneath it all I
 still had the sick feelings.  The cynical and cold tone in my voice seems
 to be diminishing.

        Caroline calls me:

 c: so Kelly called you?
 i: yes

 *silence*

 i: she is really nice *with an unlike you tone*
 c: you love her.
 i: *laugh* no, I don't love her... she is just really nice
 c: you know I don't really feel like talking to you.  so bye
 i: *laugh* whatever

 (#9)

        Even though I have solved the mystery of my distressed mind I still
 have not "found the way" or developed a method.  God, I am such a
 programmer.  I try to put life to a program, and I assert that my behavior
 and persona as something I can manipulate.  I am so naive.

        Dream segment:

        I am sitting at a picnic table with Kelly, Jay, and some other
 undefined passive people.  The picnic table is in the middle of a cobble
 stone road and there is one long concrete wall beside us.  I draw a stick
 figure symbolizing Kelly high up on the wall.  I draw straight lines
 symbolizing sunshine emanating from Kelly, I guess in an attempt to express
 that she is "The Sun".  Then Jay draws a figure below that of Kelly
 depicted as a Bunny.  Jay says something like "I like bunnies" (in an 'I
 like bunnies in a sexual way' tone).  Then I see Jay chase after some pink
 cartoonish bunny.  Then Kelly draws a symbol-picture of me with wavy lines
 emanating from it.  I look at her for an explanation and she says, "Those
 are stink lines".  I realize she is mocking my depiction of her.  I say,
 "oh I get it".

        *end*

        The only task I ever feel good about doing now is writing these
 letters.  Everything else is shit.

        My persona and ego-validity have been thrown into the air and shot
 at.  The bullets are these letters.  I realized I have to write out my
 thoughts now and I have to give them to Kelly because of my mentality
 slipping into that of socialite where the "social world" is the "real
 world".  I think thats sad but I think a lot of things are "sad".  Through
 that method the bullets of will actually hit their target.  Otherwise, if
 I just continued with my introverted thoughts the bullets would be dodged
 easily and would fail at killing this old, obsoleted, worn out, inadequate
 mentality, persona, etc.  I need to find ways of completely killing it,
 though.  It is still there in on thrown in the sky and I realized this when
 I observed my behavior around people last Saturday.  Soon I predict it to
 all come crashing down in a fiery mess.  From my present state I can not
 really predict what following reformation will result in, but it will
 probably have something to do with Kelly.

        I love trees.  I love all plants.  To me they are the symbol of
 wu wei, a Taoist method that is best described as inaction.  To be still
 and quiet in observation instead of going out and doing something.  If the
 trees had a human mind they would probably see humans as we see those fly's
 that live for about a week and whos life consists of flying around,
 knocking up some other fly and then flying somewhere to die.  I want to be
 like the trees and live for the means and not the ends.  "I am coming
 Valhalla" is the motto of the man of ends.  He ends things or reaches his
 long sought after end in a violent or loud event.  He runs out to war for
 the two things he loves which is kill and die.  He is the one that the
 concept of "games" applies to.  Games has objectives or ends.  To be the
 sage or the tree means to live not to play games.

        I think people spend their lives with distractions like video games,
 music, and everything else described as entertainment. I think even what
 people call work is just a distraction. We could live in a totally
 automated system where all things run off energy sources like the sun and
 kinetic energy around us. Even the growing and distributing of food
 requires no man power. The only thing humans possess that we can not
 replace with a tool is their minds. The only task worth anything to me is
 development of the mind. People express that if something like that
 happened we would all become "lazy", etc. What they are really are afraid
 of is giving up their distractions and being forced to face themselves and
 reality. The Chinese realized this 2500 years ago when they were in a state
 of warring and all there seem to be was the killing and the dying. They
 had reached the pinnacle of the "love the ends and not the means" and it
 was very easy for them to finally look around and laugh at what fools they
 were. But, in actually that did not happen.  Only a very few realized this
 and developed the philosophy of Taoism and when they realized that the
 Chinese where too blind to see the "colors" they left and carried the
 knowledge to Tibet.

        It is true that I am "interested" in Kelly.  But it is more than
 that I am interested in what Kelly symbolizes for me.  She is the good
 feelings and the initiator of a new mentality.  She symbolizes the Lucifer
 I search for or the light.  No longer is knowledge and mental strength the
 objects of my desire.  I desire the good feelings and in my regression to
 a social orientation the good feelings find there host image Kelly.

        tu ra-lu ra-lu-ra
        tu ra-lu ra-la
        tu ra-lu ra-lu-ra
        an Irish lullaby

        I when I stopped sing the Mrs. Suzie song to comfort me I started
 singing that song. Caroline said it was because Kelly is Irish. Perhaps
 Kelly is Irish genetically but she is not Irish like that song is Irish.
 I do think fondly of Ireland but in a strange way. Catholicism lets the
 mind to sleep. There is a mentality of mixing humor with logic to mock
 life on an unconscious level or in other words to laugh at themselves as
 being conscious of anything. They know of being nothing and they know that
 all feelings are pain. They can reconcile the opposites of "good feeling"
 and "bad feeling" into just feeling like the Buddhist. But they are the
 only ones who do it completely unconsciously or as something of there
 inner structure and then be able to laugh at themselves for having desires.
 This is the Irish mentality that fascinates me, but it is certainly not
 present in all "Irish" things. But I am certain it can be identified in the
 Gaelic language. Perhaps this is all a hard thing to understand and I am
 just not wording it write or explaining it enough.  I will stop though, and
 collect my thoughts later on that subject to make them more understandable,
 or see if all that I am saying is just crap, because I am trying to
 translate my feelings on a subject to thoughts.

        I don't understand how one can get lost in thought.  I think people
 get lost in not thinking.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!      HOE #558 - WRITTEN BY: ISAAC - 4/6/99 ]
