
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #814
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888                "The Wise, Old Flower
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8                 (Part 2)"
    888     888 888      888 888    "            by Aster and Mogel
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               9/1/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        "Sometimes I eat tofu, but I don't even know what that is!! Who runs
 China???  Does tofu come from China???"  These were the questions that
 haunted the darkest blackest nightime shadows of the forest below.

        The little flower was still so mad about what was happening to her
 story, but she was more mad at herself.  She seemed to have no control over
 her emotions at all and would make sudden choices which was also very
 silly.  This little flower didn't like to be silly, no sir, so she went
 down to the seashore and thought about it a long long time and fifty-two
 minutes past and her brain made a noise like this:

        ummf! umf! ummmmf!

        And then she decided that it was no longer time to be silly, so she
 took a walk back to the Wizard's place but on the way she ran into Dot and
 Dot smiled and grinned.   Dot was crazy and thought this little flower was
 really some tasty food for it to eat.

        so dot munched the flower up! right in one swallow! the little
 flower swam around inside the stomach of the funny fow and it was much like
 being tarred and feathered. yikes! bleh. blah. she she built herself a
 raft or chiken bones with feathers for a sail. only after the painful
 making of this sail did she realize that there was no use what normal fox
 has wind in his stomach.  so she banged her head against the wall untill
 she fell asleep.

        she dremt about little flowers and books and clouds and purses and
 storms and ice and family and christmas and thanks giving and colors and
 paper and sicciors and all sorts of other thing. dot awoke when a small
 rodent taped her on the shoulder.

        Dot's belly was completely empty.  Maybe the flower had escaped?
 She noticed that the rodent had a little note attached.  It said, "that
 wasn't very nice, but sometimes...."

        "Sometimes??" Dot questioned.  "Sometimes WHAT?"

        Dot decided that she should search out this crafty little flower and
 get some answers.  Dot spent days and days searching and searching for this
 little flower, each night being more and more tormented with questions.

        "Sometimes could mean anything!!@!" he cried out.  Apparently Dot
 was an obsessive-compulsive.  He also believed that the sky was yellow.
 I like yellow.  The little flower likes yellow.  Yellow is a good color.
 He put on a giant yellow hat that fit over his whole body and walked around
 banging into trees.  "Can somebody please help me?" he called out.

        then one day in a hole he walked and out a snake he came. he was a
 snake now his hat was gone and his purse so he went to the door and asked
 for a bed and went to the next and asked for some food and went to the
 next and asked for a pillow and a toothpick! and the next for a pear!

        and the next for a watch
        and a tool!
        and a blade of grass!
        and a crayon of yellow!
        or red!
        with stripes!

        or dots.

        and then down came the curtain, explained the wise old flower, but
 the story isn't over. and so the dot went to the man and said "give me a
 penny?"

        "NO! I HATE FLOWERS!" said the man.

        "But why?" asked poor, little Dot.

        "FLOWERS RUINED MY FAMILY BUSINESS!!!"  He was very angry.

        Dot suggested he go find out why the flowers would do this.  Flowers
 seemed to be a big part of his life now.  Soon he started crying but it
 wasn't tears of sadness, it was tears of lemonaide and thousands of happy
 ants began collecting his tears in tiny little mugs and drinking and getting
 very silly and they made sculptures out of lint and sang songs about
 ancient Egypt.

        Summer is very hot, hotter than Egypt, and the tears began to flow
 into rivers and the ants got washed away and died but it was so hot that
 everything dried up and got very tired and layed around on their sofa all
 day saying "it's so hot! it's so hot!" and they all began to get very sick
 and prayed for rain.

        rain rain rain rain rain RAIN RAIN RAIN



        blip.



        mip.



        poo!



        and back again in the house where he was born or some odd or
 something and in the bed and in the sink and in the little man who winks
 blinks
 dinks
 and he met the fink on the edge of the road overlooking the valley
 where the green things grow.

        and horses and bugs
        and birds and trees
        and away and here and to the sky.

        This was all part of Dot's dream.  It ended with a vision.  It was
 a vision from a very wise, old flower.  It said:

        "sometimes.... NOTHING!"

        GRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
        HE GROWLED WITH GREAT GUSTO!!!!!!!!!!
        TRICKERS MUST DIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

        Dot ate everything in sight and began grossly overweight and ate
 everything out of sight too and eventually he started eating outer space
 and inner space and eventually he ate his own belly up and all that was
 left was a martini, a bar of soap, seventeen little asters, and a one very
 special mysterious book left from the ancient park library made for the
 animals.

        and so the little asters took a bath and got drunk based their
 entire religion on that one silly book. which was quite silly for religion
 is silly and the book was and a little dead red potato after all. quite a
 silly notion but then they found a bridge off which to jump and a river to 
 drown in and a little piece of drift wood to be carried out to sea with
 and there they floated untill they fell off the end of the world into the
 long abyss.

        and later, when the trees grew around the medow, and right up to
 the top of all the mountains and the sun sank and the sky fell.

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!    HOE #814 - BY: ASTER AND MOGEL - 9/1/99 ]
