 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #657
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8
    888     888 888      888 888                 "Sexual Revolution"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8
    888     888 888      888 888    "                 by Anilos
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o               5/22/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

	I'm downloading the single from the new Star Wars movie soundtrack
 so I figure now is a good time to write, about something, what I will write
 about, I don't really know.

	One thing I will talk about though is this, I don't know if anyone
 else has these but recently here in Spokane, there have been commercials for
 "The Pill", now, I find this interesting in many ways.  I've never actually
 seen a commercial for the pill before, (seen hundreds upon hundreds for
 condoms) I guess the condom guys were sick of being exploited and wanted
 birth control equality, but that's probably not true, since it is afterall
 a market with high profit potential.  The most intriguing thing I saw though
 had to be the fact that they weren't even advertising it for it's birth
 control effects!  No, they were advertising it as an acne medication, yes,
 an acne medication.  I want to shake the hand of the marketing/advertising
 team that came up with this idea, seriously.  What better way to eliminate
 pregnancy in teenagers than luring them in with a clever phrase like "It
 also clears up acne."  I can only assume that telling teenagers just to take
 the pill to prevent pregnancy wasn't enough, like most things in the world
 we aren't content with something that only does one thing.  We want video
 game systems with internet capabilities and other gadgets that can give us
 more than one reason for buying it.  Or maybe some teenagers looked at it
 and said "Hmm, well, it causes me to vomit almost instantaneously.  And my
 partner can just use a condom anyways so what's the point?"  Either way, an
 interesting way to approach selling birth control methods.

        Talking about birth control brings me to another topic, sex.  Ah yes,
 how we all love the sound of that word even though some may vehemently deny
 it.  Sex has gone through many phases I've noticed, let's just start out 
 phase 1 in the 20's.  Sex during the early 20th century was a rarity to
 most, something that was precious, sacred and used only on special
 occasions.  This was a fairly anal retentative phase (no pun intended) and
 the lack of promiscuity was only building up a lot of repressed libido.  But
 then again, I wasn't born in the 20's I'm sure that sex may have in fact
 been just as rampant as it is now, but I'm assuming it isn't since the
 shock value of sex has since decreased practically 300%.  The next phase,
 phase 2, I believe began with the "baby boom" depraved world war 2 veterans
 return from slaughtering an entire generation of people only to procreate a
 new one.

        It was during the 60's and 70's that sex began to form and coalesce
 into what it is today, no longer was it a rarity, promiscuity abounded and
 it flourished everywhere.  The current phase is now, from the mid 80's to
 the present.  We've reached a critical phase, the second to last phase, I
 believe before it begins to loop over and begin anew, stagenate and stall
 like a chess game in stalemate, and or find a new culling with different a
 method (ie. virtual reality).  This phase is the one I've been living
 through and as such I can explain better and with more depth.  From what we
 have assumed, the 60's and 70's was when sex went from rarity to popularity,
 from dormat to rampant.

        But humans are a parasite of sorts, maybe in a good
 way, maybe in a bad way, all I know is that we often get bored when faced
 with the same thing over and over again.  We want new things, better things,
 more stimuli.  And that boredom and yearning for a new expression began to
 take form with cross-dressing/drag queens, even more sex, etc. (albeit not
 as open as it was in the 70's) And now, in the 90's the phase is coming full
 circle with incest, multiple partners, teenage sex increasing, and countless
 other sexual situations.  We see people like Jerry Springer, capitalizing
 off of these situations (even though they are in fact fake, but then again,
 who really knows?  Things on that show may in fact really be happening
 somewhere.)  'Stinkfist' by Tool has often been theorized to be about this
 form of sensation.  We go finger deep, then knuckle deep and then shoulder
 deep, each time progressing further just to feel something new.  It's
 something I cannot honestly identify with and I think that's why it
 frustrates me.

        I don't think about sex half as much as my peers do, there's no
 point anymore, the magic and wonder of it has been destroyed by it's
 constant evolution into something more extreme.  People try to deceive
 themselves and say "Well it is a big deal"  Really?  If it's such a big deal
 why then do most people just go cheat on their boyfriends/girlfriend for a
 piece of ass?  Better yet, can we atttribute intellectual decline to sex?
 Well, that's a bit extreme, but I find it ironic that some studies show,
 more sex makes people stupider. Granted, this obviously doesn't have a lot
 of basis in reality but think about it, Issac Newton was a virgin to the day
 he died and he is till regarded as the most intelligent person in all of
 history.

	There's no real moral to this, one thing I've learned throughout life
 is that people won't listen to you no matter what you say and how right
 you've been in the past. I'm often told by my parents that I was born in the
 wrong era, it's taken me awhile to realize it, but they are oh so right.
  
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!    HOE #657 - WRITTEN BY: ANILOS - 5/22/99 ]
