 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   ooooo   ooooo  .oooooo.  oooooooooooo       HOE E'ZINE RELEASE #520
   `888'   `888' d8P'  `Y8b `888'     `8 
    888     888 888      888 888                     "For Kelly"
    888ooooo888 888      888 888oooo8                
    888     888 888      888 888    "                 by Isaac            
    888     888 `88b    d88' 888       o              3/16/99
   o888o   o888o `Y8bood8P' o888ooooood8
 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]

        Why I am writing this?  Why am I going to give this to Kelly?

        I am an introvert.  I look to myself to find what I search for.
 My thoughts need directions and my feelings wander as if in a mystical
 forest searching for the golden prize of 'good feelings'.  My thoughts
 can only proceed on a path, yet they are lost.  What they search for is
 unknown, but I am searching for something or I would not feel lost.

        My childhood was filled with thoughts, logical observation,
 metaphysical arguments, answering questions and feeling the house of my
 ego develop with time and introverted experience.  I used to wander in
 real forests when I was young.  My dreams were of those forests turning
 into deserts and wandering through them in search of a strange
 personified object.  I would search for it because it was so strange.  I
 was always tired of going over what was known.  The issue of great
 Nova-Object was always in limelight of my inner being.

        I also started to develop affinities and infatuations with certain
 girls when I was six or seven.  They were vague and undefined to me in the
 rational world I had become so comfortable in.  One experience would
 always come back to me.  When I was about eight or nine, I played a lot
 with one girl.  She was a year older then me, and had long hair and was
 very shy and fairy like.  We would play house all the time.  One time we
 transformed a picnic table into a house with our imaginations.  She would
 pretend we were husband and wife and we would go through different
 periods of the day.  For example, we had dinner in "afternoon".  I would
 always feel that this game was so silly and pointless but for some reason
 I would just always give in and go along with the agenda of her fantasy.
 When it was "night" and time for bed would lie under the table and
 pretend we were in a bed, and I was very nervous because I didn't
 understand what we were supposed to do.  I would just lay there like I was
 sleeping and be like "ok, is it morning yet?" and she be like "no" then
 I was just laying there and she would put her arm around me and for some
 reason I got really embarrassed and after a while I just rolled out from
 under her arm and the table and got up and was like "ok, its morning".

        Much later on, when we stopped playing together or even associating
 I found out her parents had been divorced and she lived with her mother.

        I rarely acted on feelings.  I always acted on rational thought.
 Which is probably why I was never very active, and why I was never in
 fights or developed relationships with girls.  Because of this, I
 developed very antisocial persona, even though I was always around peers.
 My thoughts became more and more fixed on understanding human behavior
 which I never did until around the time of 5th or 6th grade when I begin
 to discover and open up the world of emotions and feelings.  I became more
 and more interested in art and music and finding the 'good feelings'.  My
 attention turned to fiction (sci-fi) like Dune and Asimov's world of
 Androids and music like Pink Floyd, Alan Parson (I Robot), The Beatles,
 but my taste even wandered off into soul and rythmic R&B and even Cyndi
 Lauper (who I still like, though of course no one understands why).
 Later, I also discovered art like paintings by H.R.Giger and Boklin on
 the internet.

        But, also, about that time thoughts turned my new world of
 imagination and emotion and my ego-consciousness which is socially
 oriented into a undefined depression.  I discovered that my point of view
 of life was very different from others.  I never really thought about my
 future or what I "wanted to do with my life" and I never felt that if
 something happened like if I failed a grade or became poor that my "life
 would be ruined" which is why I never really excelled academically or
 understand why others felt it so important.  I never considered academics
 or the pursuit of wealth or a family etc was "my life" like it seemed to
 be for others.  I always felt that one should only "work to live, not live
 to work".  I also never really cared about my appearance.

        Then came the period when I became sick of all emotion and
 irrational behavior and I pulled it up out of my psyche.  I up-rooted it
 and analyzed it and searched to discover "what I was" and what I found or
 what was brought into the full light of consciousness was that I was
 nothing more then a program, another automated object who's freewill
 truly is an illusion.  I came to devalue many things but most importantly
 human life and life in general.  Life and death had little difference.  To
 construct and to destruct became the same thing, for destruction can only
 occur if there has been construction and visa versa.  That was one of the
 many opposites that had a messy reconciliation followed by the opposites
 in emotions: to be happy mattered just much as being sad.

        These concepts of indifference that developed began getting
 attacked by the emotional and what some would call the "human" world.  My
 whole consciousness still did not understand how to integrate these
 concepts into my behavior so I continued to get up in the morning and go
 to school and play that little game everyday and whatnot.  Soon my whole
 life was like a passive automation.  I had no ambition to change or 'do'
 something.  I became sick with a gray cloud of "emptiness" and nihilism.
 Also, I became very annoyed with people.  I was tired of hearing them
 complain about there lives and there little problems and hearing their
 moralistic attitudes describing things as "sick" or "cool".  Everywhere
 I found such irrational duality like "good and bad" and "right and wrong".

        It got to the point where I brought earplugs with me to school so
 I wouldn't have to hear people talk and sound so stupid.

        That's when the intense infatuations over girls I didn't even know
 began.  It was like the only thing that could make we "well" again or
 "together" was to unite with my natural opposite, a female.  My life is no
 longer about finding the Nova-Object it was about finding a Girl.  I felt
 pathetic.  After many times of actually approaching girls to discover how
 stupid they are and usually how disgusted they are of me, I realized that
 the objects of my affection where my own projections.  The girl that I was
 searching for only existed in my head.  This is also the time of intense
 dreams that made no sense and my studies and jungian pyschoanalytical
 theories.  I was also opened to the world of Taoism and oriental thought
 which brought me back in touch with my earlier attitudes of indifference.

        I want to be a fireman when I grow.  I would be a hero.  I would
 earn respect from the people around me who I secretly fear and am
 dominated by.  I am a slave to society and money.  Happiness is the label
 on the block I hold.

        A child girl can be evil like a sweet poison.  So dominated by
 emotion and unconscious suggestion.  Yet that suggest is sometimes very
 superior to my own thoughts when they contradict my feelings.  She holds
 the magical ball shaped block and wonder and excitement.

        In the forest of introverted reality there is an old wise man who
 holds an uncarved block.  I discovered him once.  But, one must sacrifice
 the ego to become him.  And, dance apon the foolish family of his psyche
 in the house of his ego to become and that indivisible individual.

        Now I know I must not discard my emotions or my rational thoughts.
 Each must lead the other to build a rich and interesting tapestry to
 define life so that one still values it.

        This is why I no long disdain or repress my entire irrational
 behavior that I am consciously aware of.  I make peace with it.  But I
 also try to let my ego have its ambitions to grow and gain strength over
 my life force.

        "Life" can become boring or sad or embarrassing.  But they shall
 no longer hold as much value.  The only world I live in is the one in my
 head.  To expand and dominate consciousness one must realize this.

        Who should I give this dumb letter to?  Ah, I will give it to that
 Kelly girl who I know almost nothing of.  It should be interesting to see
 how she responds.  And I shall veal whatever secret motif I have to open
 myself to someone with the "I was bored" or "why not".

        So, I wrote this letter because I was bored and I gave it to
 Kelly because... why not?

 [--------------------------------------------------------------------------]
 [ (c) !LA HOE REVOLUCION PRESS!     HOE #520 - WRITTEN BY: ISAAC - 3/16/99 ]
