





          ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
          ³                                                        ³
          ³                                                        ³
          ³              C A R R I E R   D E T E C T               ³
          ³                                                        ³
          ³  The PC Communications Journal For Every Modem User!   ³
          ³                                                        ³
          ³                Volume 2, Winter 1992                   ³
          ³                                                        ³
          ³                                                        ³
          ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ



          Table of Contents:

          Welcome and Year End Review   ........................   2

          Product Evaluations   ................................   5

              Boyan Communications Version 5.0   ...............   5

          Potluck   ............................................   8

              19 Timesaving Tips for BBS Users   ...............   8

          Writer's Roundup   ...................................  11

              Reflections 2   ..................................  11

          ByteLine   ...........................................  14

          Feedback   ...........................................  18

          Product Information     ..............................  18

          Advertisements   .....................................  19










          Carrier  Detect  is  published  quarterly  by  Michael  W.
          Crosson.   Contents may not  be reproduced without written
          permission  from  the publisher.   All  brand  and product
          names  mentioned in  this  publication are  trademarks and
          registered trademarks of their respective companies.

          (c)  1992 Michael W. Crosson.     All rights reserved.


















          W E L C O M E


              Welcome  to the  first  edition of  Carrier  Detect in
          1992!   This seems to be  an appropriate time to look back
          over some of the major trends and developments of the past
          year.   Plus, every  other  publication does  this  so why
          shouldn't we?

          1991 - The Year in Review As I See It

          *   V.32 Modems  emerged as the  victor in  the war of the
          high  speed modems.  HST  modems begin their slow death in
          the  face  of   their  technically  superior  competitors.
          V.32bis  modems  are  released  by  several  manufacturers
          including Hayes, Intel and USR.

          *   QWK  type  offline mail  doors  and  readers  begin to
          dominate  the offline mail market.  By the end of the year
          the  QWK readers  are proliferating  and a  shakeout seems
          eminent in the future.  Blue Wave, MegaMail, SilverExpress
          and XRS are met with user indifference or resistance.

          *   Remote  Access  surges  ahead  of  it's  inspiration -
          QuickBBS.   More and  more QBBS  sysops seem  to adopt the
          "too little, too late" attitude concerning the original.

          *   Many begin  to call PC  Board, "PC  Bored."  I take it
          this  means  that  many  find  calling  a  PCB  system  an
          unstimulating experience?

          *   Echos, echos and  more echos...  We  seem to be in the
          midst  of Echomania.  Fidonet  seems to  be bulging at the
          seams  as the  system grows  bigger and  bigger each year.
          Hundreds  of echos are  now offered on the backbone.  Does
          this  mean more people are messaging on BBS systems or the
          same  people  are  posting  more?   Quoteaholics  become a
          serious  problem in the  echos and there  seems to be more
          off  topic messages  than ever.   Related  to this  is the
          growth  of Networks.   There seems  to be  a new one every
          week soliciting members.

          *  Telix 4.0 turns out to be vaporware in the finest Lotus
          tradition.

          *   High  Speed Link  makes  its  debut.  It  seems  to be
          everything  that Bimodem should  have been.  It is easy to
          use  and even the pre  v1.0 wide release betas are working
          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 2









          well!  V.32 and V.32bis modems make it more practical than
          ever.

          *   ARJ makes  some headway  against ZIP  as the preferred
          compression  method.  It  reigned as  the compression king
          for  most of the  year.  Yet, in  December PKZIP v2.0 beta
          appeared  to take the lead once again.  Yoshi continued to
          work  on LHA but his low key approach stifled its success.
          PC Magazine gives LHA a product of the year award.

          *   Wildcat! 3.0  is  finally released  to  mixed reviews.
          Everyone  agrees  it  is   a  vast  improvement,  but  the
          conference  scheme they  dreamed  up is  flawed.  Security
          options  galore were added  but was it overkill?  The lack
          of a competent mail tosser hurt business and the 3rd party
          Wildmail  became known as  a "backyard" tosser.  Neverthe-
          less   Wildcat!'s   presence  in   the   BBS   world  grew
          tremendously.

          *   Datastorm's  long  awaited  ProComm  v2.0  appears and
          becomes  a best seller  despite many  bugs in the original
          release.   Popular  opinion of  ProComm  in  the shareware
          world plummets.

          *   BBS Systems  become enstrangled  in legal battles with
          several  phone companies across  the US.  NY Bell wants to
          charge  sales tax  on  shareware downloads  (I  guess they
          assume  every time a  user downloads  a file they register
          it...  what kind of  drugs are they  on?).  Another of the
          little  Bells contend that  all BBS systems are commercial
          operations  and try to  force all sysops to pay commercial
          (read as EXPENSIVE) rates.

          *   Prodigy comes under  attack for allegedly transferring
          personal  data off of  subscribers hard drives unbeknownst
          to  them.    The  charges  are   emphatically  denied  and
          technical explanations are offered.

          *   Compucom  Speedmodems  become  the  center  of various
          controversies.   The company  begins to  market cheap v.32
          modems.

          *   Maximus v2.0  is released  and it's  popularity grows.
          The  price (Free) is  right in our  sagging economy and it
          includes  some nifty  features like  an internal  QWK mail
          reader.

          *   Mustang software  makes  news again  as  they go  on a
          buying spree.  They buy the rights to the Tomcat! QWK mail
          door,  the  popular  Silly  Little  Mail  Reader  (QWK  of
          course),  and  most  significantly  Qmodem.   I  think the
          future looks rosy for Qmodem but many feel upset about the
          takeover.   Part of  the backlash  was caused  by the fact
          that  Qmodem will primarily become a $99 dollar commercial
          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 3









          program and there will be no more "free updates".

          *   Telegard 2.7 appears  at the tail  end of the year and
          only  Martin Pollard  is credited  as author.   Don't know
          what  happened to "Martygard."  Mr. Pollard claims to have
          rewritten  over  75%  of  the  code,  justifying  his sole
          authorship listing.  At the same time rumors that the real
          source  to  2.5i  was  leaked  (things  that  make  you go
          hmmmmmmmm?).   Martin denounces  Telegard sysops  and says
          there will never be another release.  The Telegard Echo is
          killed from the backbone.

          *   1991 also  saw major  new  upgrades for  Boyan, Commo,
          HyperAccess 5, Qmodem, and Telemate.

          *   Riding the  Windows wave  of popularity, Communication
          programs  for the GUI  became a hot item.  Both commercial
          and shareware terms for Windows became commonplace.

          *  Widespread popularity of WWIV still seems to be largely
          limited                   to                   California.

          *   Novell in  cooperation with  Federal Authorities began
          intensive  sting  operations  aimed  at  prosecuting large
          pirate  bulletin boards  across the  nation.  Systems that
          offered  Network  files for  download  were  especially at
          risk.

          ---

              Several  new changes to Carrier Detect begin with this
          issue.   Carrier Detect  will  now be  released quarterly.
          The  bimonthly  release  schedule was  proving  to  be too
          difficult  to meet between work and school.  To insure the
          quality of the journal I felt this change was necessary.
          The  low  number  of   reader  submissions  affected  this
          decision  too.  Also, please note my new address and phone
          number at the end of the journal.

          Sincerely,

          Michael Crosson












          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 4












          P R O D U C T   E V A L U A T I O N S


              Each  month  Carrier Detect  contains  several product
          evaluations.   Most of these  will be software reviews but
          from time to time hardware will be discussed as well.  The
          opinions  expressed in Carrier Detect are solely my own or
          the  respective  author of  the  article.   Carrier Detect
          strives  to be  as objective  as possible  when evaluating
          software.   Judgments  to suitability  are  made  with the
          typical modem enthusiast in mind and are not geared toward
          the  complete novice  nor the  power user.   Exceptions to
          this are noted as such in the article.


          *   Boyan Communications, Version 5.0
              Reviewed by Michael Crosson

              Pros:     Thoughtful little touches abound
                        Excellent dialing directory and queue
                        Internal file manager

              Cons:     Supplied host is simple
                        Internal protocols are weak

              Oh  Boy!... The shareware  community was graced with a
          new  release of Boyan last  year and it looks to be a real
          winner!   Justin  Boyan's communication  package  has been
          flirting  with greatness for  years and with version 5, it
          may  have  reached  it.    Boyan  was  first  released  as
          shareware  in 1986 when  Justin was  still in high school.
          Subsequent  releases have since  helped to finance his B.S
          in  Mathematics at  Chicago University.   Boyan is  one of
          those  stellar shareware success stories.  From its humble
          beginnings  it has blossomed  into a robust package with a
          thoughtful  design.  Read on  to find out  why I like this
          product.

              The  user interface  of Boyan  is from the influential
          ProComm  school.   The  user is  presented  with  a sparse
          terminal  screen after the program loads.  It uses Alt key
          combinations  to call most  functions.  For the most part,
          the default key assignments are intuitive (E.G. Alt-X will
          exit  the  program), but  if  some seem  strange  they can
          easily  be changed  to an  alternative key  assignment.  A
          status  bar on  the bottom  of the  screen keeps  the user
          informed  about current  activities and  offers short help
          messages.   More   detailed  context   sensitive  help  is
          available by using the F1 key.

              The  dialing directory is  one of the strongest points
          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 5









          of Boyan.  Each directory can hold 200 entries and you can
          have  as many  dialing directories  as you  like, although
          only  one can be loaded  at a time.  For each phone number
          the  following default information can be assigned: system
          name,  phone number, terminal emulation, script, protocol,
          baud,  and  password.   The  last  connect  date  is  also
          recorded.   Numbers to be dialed are selected with a light
          bar  or by  typing the  number of  the entry.  Many useful
          extras  have been built into the directory.  Some of these
          enhancements  include the ability  to alphabetize and sort
          the  directory, print  the  directory, search  for certain
          phone  numbers and  a unique  little feature  that "Grabs"
          phone  numbers off the screen and creates an entry in your
          directory.

              Yet,  the most useful  aspect of the dialing directory
          for  BBS fanatics may  be the Dialing Queue.  Boyan allows
          you  to tag entries with the light bar and then hit "Q" to
          enter  the dialing queue.   The queue looks similar to the
          normal  dialing directory but only lists those systems you
          want  to dial repeatedly  until a  connection is made.  It
          keeps  track of the  number of tries  and the elapsed time
          for  every entry.  When a connection is made, Boyan sounds
          a  loud alarm.  The dialing queue found in Boyan is one of
          the best I have used and is perfect for connecting to busy
          BBS systems.

              File  transfers  can be  accomplished  with  ease when
          using  Boyan as well,  but adding  an external protocol or
          two  is  strongly  recommended.   Boyan  includes  several
          internal  protocols, but  they are  not likely  to be used
          frequently.   Xmodem, Ymodem, Ymodem-G  and ASCII are your
          internal  choices.    All  of  these   are  older,  slower
          protocols  and none  of them  allow batch transfers.  When
          using  these  protocols,  Boyan  presents  a  rather plain
          status  box  and  a thermometer  type  display  to  aid in
          viewing  transfer progress  from across  the room.  Again,
          several  innovative  features  make  file  transfers  more
          convenient  than  in other  packages.   Boyan  guesses the
          filename  you are  attempting to  transfer, and more often
          than not, it is correct (not so with many other terms that
          sport  this  feature).   Also,   a  special  protocol  for
          uploading  messages is provided.   Its use is preferred to
          using ASCII since it works better with full screen editors
          that  use  word  wrapping.  One  last  little  goody  is a
          feature  that checks  the free  space on  the drive before
          starting  a download, just the thing before transferring a
          huge batch, especially if you own a high speed modem.

              Without  internal Z modem and batch capability, adding
          external protocols to Boyan is going to be a necessity for
          most  users.  Not  surprisingly then,  Boyan has excellent
          external  protocol support  and the  process of installing
          them  is as painless as possible.  Boyan allows the use of
          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 6









          ten  external protocols of your choice and once installed,
          they  integrate seamlessly  with the  rest of the program.
          The  configuration  of  DSZ, MPt,  Kermit  and  others are
          predefined.   All that  is left is  for the  user to do is
          drop  the  proper  .EXE  or  .COM  file  somewhere  in the
          configurable DOS directory.

              Boyan contains a internal file manager making the most
          common disk and file commands just a keystroke away.
          I  find  internal  file managers  to  be  extremely useful
          during  communication   sessions  and   this  one   is  no
          exception.   Some  of the  commands  possible  from within
          Boyan  are Copy, Delete,  List, Rename, View, Execute, and
          Edit.   A few of these, such as the List and Edit commands
          rely  on user definable  external support programs such as
          Buerg's  List,  Qedit,  or  VDE.   The  file  manager also
          simplifies batch uploads by allowing you to tag a group of
          files  for sending  to the  remote system.  Time estimates
          for transfers are also readily available.

              There is more to the Boyan Communications package.  It
          contains a powerful macro/scripting language with over 200
          commands.   The language  consists  mainly of  a backslash
          plus  two characters  and any  other information needed to
          execute  the command following  in square brackets.  As an
          example,  \di[602-741-7401] would  tell  Boyan to  dial my
          BBS.  When you string these types of commands together you
          can  create complex  scripts  that perform  many different
          functions.  \zs \di[602-741-7401] tells Boyan to clear the
          screen  and then  dial my  system.  These  scripts support
          many variables and can be compiled as well.

              Boyan  uses scripts to  learn log  on sequences to the
          systems  that you call.  However,  it does so in a fashion
          that works well but is unique to Boyan.  To learn a log on
          sequence,  you would first  log on  as normal.  Then using
          the  excellent scroll-back  buffer, you  mark the parts of
          the  sequence you wish to include in the script (typically
          all  of it).  Boyan  then automatically inserts the proper
          macro  commands that will  mirror the  actions you took to
          log  on to the system.  The system works great most of the
          time  and  if  any  editing   of  the  learned  script  is
          incorrect, it is easy to alter with a text editor (in fact
          Boyan  optionally gives you the opportunity to do so right
          as you finish learning each script).

              Boyan's  host mode  is also  script based.  However, I
          was not overwhelmed with it's power or ease of use.  Basic
          functions  are available such as uploading and downloading
          of  files, simple message  writing, and chat.  Even when I
          tried  an enhanced Boyan host called Mosthost, things were
          rudimentary  at best.  Let  it suffice to  say that no one
          will  ever  mistake the  Boyan  host as  a  bulletin board
          system.   If strong hosting functions are your priority, a
          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 7









          better  choice is the Telix/Host v4.4 combo or HyperAccess
          5 v2.0.

              All  in all,  Boyan v5.0  is a  powerful communication
          program  that  should   suit  the  needs   of  most.   Its
          intelligent  design  makes  it  a  pleasure  to  use.  The
          program  is  highly  configurable,  although  there  is  a
          moderate  learning curve involved  since most of program's
          behavior  is controlled through  macros.  Justin Boyan has
          paid  close  attention  to detail  in  the  design  of the
          program and has automated many of the more mundane details
          of  communication sessions.   Frequent BBS  callers should
          definitely  give Boyan  a try;  many of  its features seem
          specifically  oriented toward  this group.  Business users
          should  also find Boyan  an attractive alternative subject
          to   the   following   qualifications:   exotic   terminal
          emulations  are not  important (Boyan  only comes with 6),
          voice technical support is not necessary (support is given
          by  BBS only)  and a fancy  host is  not needed.  Boyan is
          distributed  as user supported shareware.  Registration of
          the  latest version  is $60  with a  typeset manual or $40
          without.  Corporate site licensing discounts are available
          as are user group discounts.


          P O T L U C K

          This department  of Carrier Detect  contains articles that
          do not  neatly fit into the other departments that  appear
          regularly.   Here the  articles could  be on  anything and
          will  vary  considerable  in  each  issue   that   Potluck
          appears.


          *   19 Timesaving Tips for BBS Callers
              Article by Michael Crosson

              Callers  to BBS systems  frequently complain to sysops
          that  they do  not have enough  time to  do all the things
          they  want  to  online.  Sysops  on  the  other  hand, are
          hesitant to give callers too much daily time for fear that
          some users might monopolize the system for hours on end.
          It  is a dilemma  that will probably  be around as long as
          there  are bulletin  board  systems.  This  article offers
          some tips and tricks for callers to get the most out their
          daily time on any given BBS system.  If you have ever felt
          frustrated  with  the  amount of  time  your  access level
          affords  you  on a  BBS,  what follows  should  offer some
          relief.  And if you  are calling  long distance, you might
          even save some money in the process too!

          In no particular order...

          1.  Use offline mail readers -
          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 8









          Most  BBS systems now  offer offline mail doors that allow
          you  to download packets  of mail and  messages to read at
          your  leisure offline.  On  your next  call you can upload
          any replies you might have written to the system and begin
          the   process   all  over   again.    There   are  several
          incompatible  offline  mail systems  currently  used.  The
          most popular is the QWK type of mail door.  Others include
          Blue Wave, Megamail, Silver Express and XRS.

          2.  Use log on scripts -
          Using  automated scripts  to  log onto  a  BBS can  save a
          surprising  amount of  time.  Most  communication programs
          have  provisions  for  easily  learning  logon procedures.
          Learn how to use this feature and take advantage of it!

          3.  Learn log on tricks -
          Many  BBS  systems have  short  cuts  to log  on.   A good
          example  is on Wildcat! BBS systems.  On a Wildcat! system
          you  can enter your first  name, last name and password on
          the  first  prompt  rather then  waiting  for  each, (E.G.
          Michael Crosson SecretPassword).

          4.  Use fast protocols -
          Some protocols can transfer files much faster than others.
          A  more efficient protocol saves you time and money.  Some
          suggested  fast  protocols  to try  are  High  Speed Link,
          Hyperprotocol, Jmodem, Mpt, and Zmodem.

          5.  Download the "allfiles" listing -
          Download  the  "allfiles" listing  and  peruse  it offline
          rather  than  searching  and   browsing  for  files  while
          connected  to the BBS.   Decide what  you want to download
          and upload in advance of your call.

          6.  Use advanced file area features -
          Advanced file area features save much time and frustration
          when  selecting files  to download.   These features might
          include  file marking,  file masking,  and wildcards.  Few
          BBS  systems  support all  of  these but  nearly  all will
          support at least one.

          7.  Download the BBS User's Manual -
          Download  the User's  Manual if  available and familiarize
          yourself with special features of your favorite BBS.

          8.  Use hotkeys -
          Hotkeys  save time and  are convenient.  They allow you to
          select  commands without pressing the enter key.  Some BBS
          systems with hotkeys are QuickBBS, Remote Access, RBBS and
          Wildcat!.

          9.  Use archive viewers -
          Ever  waste time downloading a  huge file only to find out
          that it was unsuitable for your purposes?  If unsure about
          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 9









          the  usefulness of a file,  looking at the contents of the
          archive  and reading a  little of the documentation online
          can  give you a better idea what the program does.  Better
          to  spend 5 minutes looking through the documentation than
          30 minutes on an unnecessary transfer.

          10.  Use the expert mode -
          Once  you are  comfortable moving  around  on a  BBS start
          using  the expert  mode rather  than novice  mode.  If you
          don't  need to  look at  all those  menus, why  waste time
          watching them display?

          11.  Turn ANSI graphics and color off -
          ANSI  graphics and color menus take long to display.  Shut
          them  off if time is a concern.  The slower your modem the
          more you should consider doing this.

          12.  Lock your comm port -
          If you have an error correcting modem or high speed modem,
          lock  your comm port at  19,200 baud or higher.  This will
          result  in much faster  file transfers with many protocols
          (including Zmodem).

          13.  Set file descriptions to 1 line -
          Most  BBS systems allow you to configure how many lines of
          description  you want displayed in the file areas.  Choose
          one rather than 2 or 3.

          14.  Utilize batch uploads and downloads -
          Batch  uploading  and  downloading   can  save  time  over
          transferring  a file  at a  time.  It  saves you the steps
          required  to begin  the transfer  and  lets you  leave the
          computer unattended longer during the process.

          15.  Use Avitar -
          If  you must use  color screens see if your communications
          program  and BBS  support Avitar.   Avitar screens  are in
          color  but display much  faster than traditional ANSI.  An
          increasing  number of  terms  and BBSes  support  this new
          graphics standard.

          16.  Newscan selectively -
          Only  scan  the  message  areas  and  file  areas  you are
          interested  in.  Just about every BBS system supports some
          form of selectively setting the newscan.

          17.  Upload files in proper format -
          Many sysops want all their files to be compressed with the
          same  archiver.  Some  of  the possible  archivers include
          ARC,  ARJ, LZH,  and PKZIP.  If  you upload  a file in the
          wrong  format the sysop  may delete  the file resulting in
          wasted  time or you may have to wait several minutes while
          a  conversion utility  converts the  file to the preferred
          archive method.
          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 10










          18.  Call late night or early morning -
          These are the times when the majority of systems are least
          busy  and some  sysops give  extra time  to callers during
          these  hours.  In addition you  may find it much easier to
          get  through to your  favorite system  at these times.  If
          calling a long distance BBS rates are cheaper at night and
          cheapest after 11pm.

          19.   If you find that you STILL don't have enough time on
          the  system, consider using the time bank if the sysop has
          install one.  Time banks allow you to "bank" time from the
          current session for a future one.


          W R I T E R 'S   R O U N D U P


              Writer's  Roundup   is  a   department  that  features
          creative  writing   submissions  from   readers.   Essays,
          fictional  stories, and poems  are examples of the kind of
          reading  that you  might  find here.   However,  each will
          share a common theme of computers and communications.


          REFLECTIONS 2 (C) 1986-87 by Steve Schneider
          (reprinted with permission)


          Dateline : The RainForest BBS
          Time     : 12 AM On a Wednesday


          Excitement   galore  in   the  household   tonight.  Nope;
          didn't  win the daily double  but it's close!  As time has
          passed  on The  RainForest BBS  a need  has arisen for yet
          another  computer in the household.  The Radio Shack M-100
          was  fine for calling other BBSes to stay in touch but for
          file  work  or  word   processing   <as   in   typing  the
          bimonthly  RainForest  newsletter,  BIRDS  THAT  WALK (and
          other  trees) or the son in high school typing term papers
          or  special  reports..>  I,  and he,  were forced  to take
          the BBS down at slow hours to utilize the system for other
          tasks.

          I   never  did   like having to  do this.   Not only did I
          take  pride in keeping the   system =UP= and though I felt
          somewhat  justified in typing the newsletter on the system
          because  it was of, and for, the Members of the BBS, being
          the  somewhat obstinate (and yes, selfish) system operator
          of the BBS I dreaded the system being down for'schoolwork'
          and  therein lie the battle  line twixt son and father for
          access  to the computer, an Apple //e loaded with printer.
          (In the farthest reaches of the psi ability of my somewhat
          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 11









          senile  mind  I hear  the  system operators  that  only do
          battle  with wives  or  girlfriends or  loneliness snicker
          that  they =NEVER-  have such  problems... <sigh>  and I'm
          ashamed  to admit  that, at  times, I  envy them and their
          freedoms..... at times [ worth repeating ] )

          Therein  lies  the  rub!   Obviously  a  =THIRD=  <gasp!!>
          computer  was of  a necessity   to  maintain peace  in the
          household.   <Hmmm...obvious doesn't  ever mean  easy, you
          know.>  Lest you  think my  wife runs  my household  may I
          remind  all  that  she  only runs  my  life;  =I=  run the
          household!   So when I  whispered to my son (and daughter)
          to  talk up  having another  computer <but =DON'T= mention
          my   name..> the subterfuge was  in place.  I sit back and
          huff  and  puff  that  three  computers  (HA!)  in  =THIS=
          household  are  -not-  necessary  and  here  are  the  two
          beautiful little sweethearts with  tears in their eyes
          sniffling  that they can't  do their  very  best without a
          system  that's available  whenever  they need  to  use it.
          (Emotion  expended by children with moisture in their eyes
          is a very powerful elixir).

          BAM!   You!  Yes you, you brute!  How dare you deprive the
          children  of doing  their very  best in  school?  (I  just
          love  it when a plan comes together ...hehehehhehe)  Who??
          Me dear??  You really think that it's in the best interest
          of the children to have another computer in the house??
          [This  is the =BEST=  part; being  =FORCED= to buy another
          computer..... oooooooooooo;  how sweet it is! ] I'll start
          looking into it right away.... [ RIGHT AWAY!! ]

          Well;  "right away" turned into a =BIG= project.  Do =YOU=
          have  any idea how many  brands and types of computers are
          out  there?  Let me  tell you; a  bunch!  Being weaned  on
          the Apple, so to speak, I naturally went to what was
          available  from Apple first.  Unfortunately, even with the
          advent  of the  IIgs, I  was left  wanting.  I =LOVED= the
          demos  for  the  IIgs  but  when  it  came  down  to   the
          practicality  of the matter  I didn't really need sound or
          graphics.   I  seriously  considered the  //c  as  well as
          another //e....

          The  problem??  The //c and //e technology was old hat and
          my  son and  I wished   to learn  more of  this mysterious
          monster  called MS-Dos  (or PC-Dos).   I firmly believe in
          what I've written (notice how I can't bring myself to
          say   -post-?) on my  BBS when the  "My computer is better
          than  your  computer" stuff  hits  the CRT.   I  think the
          =BEST=  computer for a 'user' is one that does what he, or
          she, expects of it.  There is no =BEST= computer... If it
          does  what  you  want  it to do  and you're happy with it,
          then  you have  the =BEST=   computer!  Actually,  I lie a
          bit...  a CRAY II  is the =BEST=  computer whether it does
          what you want it to or not... (ppffftttt! so there!)
          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 12










          So  with demos  of Apple  IIgs looking  beautiful (but not
          doing  what I need  for the buck)  I started searching for
          the  IBM compatibles.  <GASP!!> [  He mentioned  IBM on an
          Apple subsystem ..........................................
          .........................   s  o  w  h a t  ?? ]  I needed
          something  I  (and  my  kids) could  type  on,  and  try a
          different  programming language  on (to  stay current with
          the real world) and since I couldn't afford the =BEST= IBM
          made (which is a COMPAQ; don't let them kid you!) I had to
          look elsewhere.... and I did.

          I  read so darn many  magazines my head is still spinning.
          I  researched and looked  and viewed  every system made in
          the  free world and I'm  here to tell you  that  there  is
          -nothing-  out there that does =EVERYTHING= for $728!
          Absolutely  =NOTHING=!!  (As far as that goes; there ain't
          nothing on the other side of the curtain either!)  Finally
          (says  I with desperation in  my voice) I'll go for price.
          Hhmmm;  guess what hombre'??  Even true compatibles cost a
          bunch  of   moola.  <damn!>    As  head   spins  at   five
          revolutions  per  hour  and  I've  worn  out  the Computer
          Shopper  as well as  the last two  issues of BYTE Magazine
          and  then P.C. Magazine I make a decision.  =HELP=!!!???!!
          I've  narrowed it  down  to seven  systems...  <geez>  The
          newspaper and it's Monday business  section is there and I
          quit.   I see that Epson Equity I is $995 (complete) and I
          say, "WOW.. neat".

          I  speed down to  the dealer (who  also sells IBM, COMPAQ,
          and  Apple) and soon learn  that "due to the special deal,
          there  is a two week wait, etc,etc" and as is all too true
          still  in  the   computer  world  he   was  only  able  to
          =CORRECTLY=  answer about  50% of  the questions about the
          Epson  system.  Would you  buy a used  Camel this man?)  A
          friend asks "Have you checked with our (the company I work
          for) employee price on our IBM compatible??"

          "No", I answer since the last time I checked our price was
          about $2800 for the $4000 system.

          "Well"  he  says,  "call our  telemarketing  and  check on
          today's prices".

          I   did....  THANK GOD  they were out  of Epsons! (Does an
          AT&T  6300 with  512K and one  floppy and  a TEN meg rigid
          drive  plus a color monitor -and- MS-Dos 3.1 as well as GW
          BASIC for..... are you ready??)

          $1260   <<= put a pucker in the ole purse string?? <Damned
          straight!>   I lied  again earlier,  you know.  The reason
          why  I wanted to   get into the  IBM compatible section is
          things like a 30 Meg hard drive (with controller) for
          $490... Try getting the same break on our Apples.
          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 13










          I'm  still smiling  (as I type  this out  on the BBS Apple
          //e).   My IBM compatible will be arriving in three weeks.
          It's  GREAT!!  But I'll  never forget my =FIRST= love (and
          best  love) the  Apple.  No  one ever  forgets their first
          love.....   but  how   many  wound  up   married  to  it??
          (chuckle... trick question, I know)

          I'm  =STILL= an  Apple BBS  sysop.... don't  =EVER= forget
          it....  not ever!  And  The RainForest  BBS is staying the
          way  it is.   I like  it  that way.   I, however,  will be
          expanding my horizons.... that's the way life is.

          ---

          Steve  Schneider is the  System Operator of RainForest BBS
          in  Cooper City, Florida.   He can be  reached at his BBS,
          (305)-434-4927.


          B Y T E L I N E


          Fast  facts, tips,  comments and  rumors  on all  kinds of
          computer related topics.


          *   BYTELINE
              By Tom Garcia and Michael Crosson

          WORD PERFECT is beta testing a new version of their OFFICE
          program.  It has been almost five years since that one was
          revised  or updated. The  new one  will include their nice
          "slim & trim" word processor (Letter Perfect) plus
          communications,   a  basic   spreadsheet,   database,  FAX
          program, file manager,
          etc.

          WINDOWS 3.1 (release version) will not have a REAL MODE is
          the latest rumor. One that I find hard to believe.....   I
          guess  everyone and their  brother has seen one or another
          of  the beta  versions  of 3.1  by  now. Each  version was
          better  and the  final version  (for  sale to  the public)
          should be very well debugged.

          WORD PERFECT FOR WINDOWS (everything installed) takes up 9
          megs of HD space.

          OS/2  Version 1.3 comes on 19 1.44 meg disks. To install a
          "base" version (single user) you only use 8 of the disks.

          DID  YOU HEAR about  Borland's demo of QUATTRO FOR WINDOWS
          at Comdex? The crowd broke into applause/laughter when the
          demo screen lit up with Unrecoverable Application Error.
          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 14










          PsL NEWS arrived (I should have written this up last month
          but  I ran  out of time  to do  it) and  said on page one,
          "Someday  virtually everyone will be using Windows (or its
          off-spring or future clones.)" If PC MAGAZINE had
          tried  to shove  that down  my throat  I would  have taken
          offense  but coming from Nelson  Ford at PsL I have to sit
          up and take notice. He is probably right. Sort of like the
          old  "DIESELS FOREVER" bumperstickers and patches that the
          submarine guys had when nuclear subs first came into the
          inventory. It was a losing battle.

          PsL  has had a new  disk of WINDOWS utilities and routines
          every  month for  the past  six months  now. The  flood of
          shareware and PD programs has really accelerated since the
          introduction  of Microsoft's  Visual Basic  last June. You
          can  get  lots  of  interesting  stuff  from  PsL  such as
          WinSpell  which  Ford  calls  "The  best  Windows spelling
          checker"  (it works  inside any  Windows application)   to
          ---- WinRoach, "When you close or move a window on the
          Desktop roaches scurry from under the window to hide under
          other windows."

          I  THINK YOU CAN  STILL get  a free sample  of PsL NEWS (I
          think) by calling 1- 800-242-4775.

          PC  TOOLS 7.1  is out and  all you  should have received a
          FREE  update in the mail by the time you read this.  Seems
          CENTRAL  POINT rushed the release  of 7.0 and it was chock
          full of BUGS.  Call 1-800-445-4178 if you didn't get it.

          SPEAKING  OF PC  TOOLS, I  got a  free copy  of the latest
          version  with my INTEL  14.4EX MODEM.  Not a bad promotion
          eh?   I  already  was a  registered  PC  TOOLS  owner, but
          stopped  upgrading  after 5.5...the  last  version without
          menu  overkill.  I think the  promo is off but maybe INTEL
          has extended it or replaced it with something similar.

          I  SURE LIKE THE  software outfits that  put a README file
          (or something in the manual) telling what each file is and
          does.  Like Microsoft MONEY  for WINDOWS. I like to delete
          files I don't need to save disk space.

          TWO  WEEKS PASSED and  no computer parts  in the mail from
          Florida.  So, I  called there  and was  told, "We  have no
          record  of you having ordered anything from us." Called my
          bank and they said my credit card had not been charged....
          Guess I'll buy locally, thought I. Called store number one
          and  was put on  hold for a  long time. Gave up and called
          store  number two.  I had  recently received  a flyer from
          them  (I seemed to remember) which listed controller cards
          on sale. "Not here" they told me. Called Fast Micro in
          Phoenix.  "How fast can you  get a controller card down to
          Tucson?"  I asked.  "About a  week" was  the reply.  . . )
          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 15









          UPDATE:  Called them again  on 4 Dec.  to try again to buy
          from them. They offered to ship by air but only charge
          me for ground shipping. So, I decided to give them another
          chance.  It's now 12 December  and I have no parts. Called
          Florida (800 number)  Was put on hold briefly and listened
          to  a company promo  that said, "Order  by three PM and we
          will  get your  order to you  the next  day via over night
          shipping."   The next time  I'm going  to order parts from
          someone in California that ships Federal express.

          MUSTANG  SOFTWARE is  offering registered  Wildcat! sysops
          the  forthcoming  QMODEM  5 at  a  greatly  reduced price.
          QMODEM  5 is scheduled  to hit the  stores before long and
          will  feature a built in  QWK offline mail reader based on
          SILLY  LITTLE MAIL  READER.  Retail  price is  $99 but WC!
          sysops can get a copy for $35.

          UPDATE  Number   Two:  The  parts   finally  arrived  from
          Florida's  Verticom. Took  about  5 minutes  to  setup and
          install  the controller card. That confirmed that I have a
          bad  1.2 meg floppy drive.  Another five minutes to put in
          the  new drive.  Sure glad  I  have a  "flip-top" computer
          case. ... The controller ($19) is a four drive job made in
          China.  It has such good  markings on the board that I can
          throw away the instruction sheet and will still be able to
          reset  the dip switch &  jumpers five years from now for a
          new  combination of drives. The sheet is not all that hot,
          as  in:  "The  following  is  some  drive  blands  for you
          computer is setting." ... The no-name drive (the ad said
          Chinon  & maybe  it is)  ($55) works  fine and  formats 84
          tracks, my normal setup via MaxiForm.

          FROM  OUR  SECRET  software  testing  laboratory  in North
          Dakota  comes  the  following: "Stacker  takes  23K  of my
          conventional memory. If I had the hardware card as well as
          the  software I'd  lose less  memory. Deleted  the Stacker
          program  and  not  only gained  23K  but  my  system speed
          increased  noticeably,  back  to  the  way  it  was before
          Stacker."

          FREE DEMO of Micrografx Designer - 1-800-659-2151.

          FREE  MEMBERSHIP & software  from AMERICA ONLINE (nice BBS
          with neat GEOS interface) call 1-800-827-6364, Ext. 5668.

          TIMELINE  5.0  demo  from  SYMANTEC.  1-800-228-4122, Ext.
          314P.

          THE  PRICE CLUB  sent a  folder on  their Positive line of
          computers.  A 33MHz  386 at  $2,999 looks  to be about the
          same  (configuration & features)  as a ZEOS that sells for
          $400 more. Tax at the price club would run $210. I
          don't know what ZEOS shipping charges would be.

          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 16









          INCREDIBLY  FAST is  what the  Price Club  sez about their
          SONY  CD ROM drive (It's probably 340ms or so, the average
          CD  speed). It is  $450 for the  internal version and $500
          for  an external unit.  Five free CD's  come with it. It's
          installed free in a Positive brand computer if you buy the
          computer  from them.  The ad  doesn't mention an interface
          card  for clone  installation, ie.,  if an  interface card
          comes with the drive or not.

          ONCE  I GET a 720K  3.5 inch disk formatted to 1.44megs on
          my  desktop computer (the  1.44 drive has  a switch that I
          flip  to fool the drive  into thinking that the extra hole
          in  the disk shell is there when it isn't) I can use it in
          my laptop at the higher density. Turns out that the only
          thing you need the extra hole for is the FORMATTING. After
          that it's a free ride.

          WANT  TO START WINDOWS  without the welcome (logo) screen?
          Do  this: WIN : and make sure there is a space between the
          WIN  and the  colon. Won't  start any  faster but at least
          it's a little different for a change.

          FREE  DEMO   disk  of   Q&A  Ver.   4.0  database  program
          1-800-228-4121,  Ext. 104-D.   Upgrade price  from 3.0 has
          been reduced to $79.

          FREE DEMO disk of MATHCAD Ver. 3.0 - 1-800-MATHCAD.

          FREE  DEMO disk  dBFast  for Windows  1-800-645-3003. From
          Computer Associates.

          FREE  DEMO of  Freelance  Graphics for  Windows  by Lotus.
          Call 1-800-872-3387 if you want one.

          THERE  ARE 15,000 beta  testers out  there for WINDOWS 3.1
          plus  a number of others who are "volunteer" testers, ie.,
          got  their  copy  some  back   door  way...   There  is  a
          compatibility problem when you run WINDOWS 3.1 with DR
          DOS  6.0 and  I wonder  if  Microsoft did  it that  way on
          purpose?

          WORD  2.0 for WINDOWS  tends to crash (itself and WINDOWS)
          when  checking spelling in 1.1 files that have been loaded
          into  2.0.  Fortunately, its  mostly  documents  that have
          footers, not any others.

          SEIKO  has upgraded their label printer to the Smart Label
          Printer  Plus and  they  have a  free  demo disk  (which I
          suppose  runs  a  little movie  about  the  product.) Call
          1-800-888-0817. Buy the product by 1/15/92 and get a free
          copy of Instant Recall.



          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 17









          F E E D B A C K


              I  am  interested  in  getting  as  much  feedback  as
          possible  regarding Carrier Detect and welcome suggestions
          or any other comments you may have.  If you are a software
          publisher  or shareware  author  and want  to  submit your
          program  for possible  inclusion in  future issues you are
          welcome  to  do so.   Finally,  if you  are  interested in
          writing an article or review, please let me know!

              To make it as easy as possible to reach me, I have set
          up a new Bulletin Board System that is based in my home.
          In  addition, I  have  purchased an  Intel  14.4EX V.32BIS
          modem and a 2nd 40 Meg Hard Drive dedicated to the BBS.  I
          would  like to  offer callers  100 megs  of files but have
          exhausted  my budget.   If anyone  who finds  this Journal
          valuable  would like to send  in a donation or hardware to
          help  support  and expand  the  BBS, it  would  be greatly
          appreciated.

          Fiesta! BBS  -  The Home of Carrier Detect
          Call today and download the Carrier Detect Reader Door!
          (602) 741-7401
          1200/2400/9600/14.4K and V.32/V.32BIS/V.42 supported
          Fidonet node # 1:300/28
          24 hours a day

          First  call access  to  Carrier Detect  Related  Files and
          programs reviewed in the current issue.

          Home Mailing Address:
          1970 W. Valencia Rd. #209, Tucson, AZ 85746

          I  also can  be reached  on GEnie  as (M.CROSSON)  - since
          Electronic Mail on GEnie is a part of the flat rate *Basic
          Services  this  may  be the  cheapest  way  to  contact me
          (provided you have a GEnie account)!


          P R O D U C T   I N F O R M A T I O N

              Following  is  product  information  for  the products
          reviewed  in this  issue of  Carrier  Detect.  If  you are
          interested in purchasing or evaluating any of the products
          please  note  the publisher's  address  listed  below.  In
          addition,  all  current  shareware  programs  featured  in
          Carrier  Detect  will  be  made  available  to  first time
          callers on the Carrier Detect Support BBS.

          BOYAN COMMUNICATIONS
          distributed as shareware
          version 5.0
          registration - $60 with typeset manual or $40 without
          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 18









          published by - Boyan Communications
                         P.O. Box 71
                         Woodstock, MD 21163
                         Phone Orders: (301) 805-7168
                         Fax Orders:   (301) 805-7168 22#
                         Support BBS:  (301) 730-2917


          A D V E R T I S M E N T S

          Advertisments  cost  $15  dollars  for  a  each  issue  (3
          months).    If   you   are   interested   in   placing  an
          advertisment,  please contact me through the US Mail or my
          BBS system.








































          

                    Carrier Detect - Winter 1992 - page 19



