From jerod23@well.sf.ca.us Thu Mar 11 22:32:00 1993
Date: Thu, 11 Mar 1993 18:30:09 -0800
From: Jerod Pore <jerod23@well.sf.ca.us>
To: factsheet5-list@well.sf.ca.us
Subject: Fringe, conspiracy and SubGenius zine reviews
Content-Length: 60125
X-Lines: 834
Status: RO



         Rant, Fringe, Conspiracy, SubGenius and assorted weird zines                                   
         
Posted 6 March, 1993

This document is ShareRight 1993 by Jerod Pore;  you may reproduce and  
distribute this information as often and however you like as long as you
include this sentence.

Distributed as part of FactSheet Five - Electric.  For more information
about F5-E (or, even, the *printed* version of F5) email 
jerod23@well.sf.ca.us

Subscribers to F5-E, please DO NOT send mail to the account from which
this file was mailed.  Thank You.

These are zines from people who live in, or desire to live in, a reality
that is wholly different from the one with which most of you are familiar.
Neo-Nazis, SubGenii, Conspiracy Theorists, UFO contactees, people who talk 
to God and people who ARE God!  I've tried to keep a very open mind about
these zines.  I'd like to point out that I disagree with the goals of zines
like _Instauration_.  I've disagreed with white supremicists violently
enough to carry a couple of visible scars on my face and scalp.  But I claim
no monopoly on The Truth and, as was stated in the issue of Politically
Incorrect that is reviewed here, "You never know who is going to be right
about something."  I would suggest using a PO Box or similar service, and,
perhaps, an assumed name, when contacting some of these groups.  You won't
necessarily have anything to fear from them, but you may have troubles with
the government.  My mail is being openned, and three 'gentlemen' in black
uniforms, complete with guns and big sticks, visited my mail drop and asked
for me by name.



%Title:  AKANISTHA: Nirvana in Sumsurais                                       
%Descr:  "A synthisis of many years study of Buddhist Mystisism."    
Anyone who expects $5.00 for 12 pages of badly photoreduced scribbles is    
obviously a loon.  "This mind devoid of mind finds nothing to cling to and  
so rests in the fundemental bliss compost and vibrating melting in emptyness
releases the immutable vission of primordially free wisdom."  Some of the 16
flavors of Emptyness include the "mtns of emptyness...mtns of Great Mtns"   
Gee, for five bucks I would expect emptiness to be spelt out and spelt      
correctly.  And let us never forget the pervasive wind and, more            
importantly, the downward cleaning wind.                                    
Shouldn't this be free, as materialism traps one within the cycle of karmic 
reincarnation?                                                              
%Info:   $5.00 Each  to                                                       
Adam Moes, 4050 Earlena Lane,  Santa Rosa, CA 95904                           
(12 Pages/D/JP)                                                               
No trades/no ads.                                                             

%Title:  CRASH COLLUSION  Issue 3  Spring, 1993                                
%Descr:  UFO's, ethnobotany, orgone and more all come together in    
         this most excellent zine.                                   
Ian Blake provides a couple of incisive articles that corellate Hollywood   
trends, UFO hoaxes and government disinformation (in the first) and Whitley 
Streiber's writings with Celtic Faerie tales.  As with all great truths, the
obvious is unmasked.  Paul Rydeen informs us that the ever-popular Bufo     
Alvarius (the Sonoran Psychedelic Toads) use their psychedelic secretions   
during sex to give their partners "the ultimate mind-blowing orgasm,        
excellent impetus for the successful propagation of the species."  H.P.     
Lovecraft as a prophet of the Nuclear Age, Jim Keith's "Whose Saucers Are   
They?" and data on B-carboline containing plants.                           
The best zine that deals with a variety of fringe subjects.                 
%Info:   $3.50 Each ,  Subs: $14.00 for 4 issues to                           
Wesley Nations, PO Box 49233,  Austin, TX 78765                               
(24 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/submissions OK/back issues/takes ads.                               

%Title:  DELVE  Issue 6                                                        
%Descr:  Original and reprinted material on UFO's, Tesla, Forteana   
         and related subjects.                                       
The main article in this issue is an exerpt from an unpublished book by the 
late Bill Nelson on what was called "Alternative 3."  The question          
(originally asked in 1968) was how humanity would survive the impending, and
unstoppable environmental crisis.  The third alternative was to leave the   
planet.  Towards such a goal, there is already a moonbase, but the          
colonization of Mars is in a bit a trouble since there is life (albeit      
primitive life) on Mars.  Those pictures we saw from Viking?  Left over     
shots from the Apollo missions to the moon, slightly colorized.             
Plus firsthand accounts of alien contact, Nostradamus and the Gulf War,     
Quetzalcoatl stories, a Dulce-type story from 1956 that includes Tesla,     
Fortean events, the Lost Tribe of Israel and the Hollow Earth, and          
clippings.                                                                  
Outside of a couple of factual errors and easily debunked events, this is a 
good zine on fringe subjects.                                               
%Info:   $3.00 Each  to                                                       
Gene Duplantier, 17 Shetland St.,  Willodale, ON M2M 1X5    Canada            
(20 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/submissions OK/back issues/takes ads.                               

%Title:  ELECTONIC SURVEILLANCE PROJECT: Microwave Harassment & Mind-Control   
%Descr:  Experimentation  Issue 1  December, 1992                              
         From the same publishers of _Unclassified_ comes THE most   
         frightening, paranoia-inducing publication that we've come  
         across.                                                     
If you ever thought there was a limit to how far the government will go when
it comes to complete denial of civil rights of citizens, let alone outright 
torture, then the publications of The Electronic Surveillance Project will  
force you into a new way of thinking.   They have carefully documented the  
cases of 25 people who *have* been the targets of electronic harassment, and
are working with an additional 23 victims.  The victims are not street      
crazies, they were almost all whistle-blowers.  The ACLU won't help, Amensty
International won't help, and, of course, the FBI and local police are more 
co-operative with the federal torturers than the victims.  One FBI          
spokesperson flew off the handle when "Project Slammer" was mentioned.      
Before *you* go dismissing some 48 people as total loons, consider the      
experiment the U.S. and U.K. governments executed on the women of Greenham  
Common.  Or the conditions of the Federal Women's Correctional Facility in  
Lexington, KY.  Or the U.S. and Canadian governments' mind-control          
experiment/torturings under MKULTRA, where survivors (if they could be      
considered as truly surviving) have, after 20 years, received pitiful       
out-of-court settlements and luke-warm admissions of guilt.  Or the         
well-publicized cases of workers at the U.S. embassy in Moscow who were     
attacked by Soviet microwave weapons.                                       
The technology exists.  The DoD and DoE have budgetted research funds       
outside of their infamous "Black Budget" for such technology and have, in   
certain cases, admitted just what the goal of said research was.  And, most 
sadly of all, our government has the will and enthusiasm to torture         
citizens.                                                                   
cf. _Resonance_ _Full Disclosure_ _Steamshovel Press_ and, if there is a    
radio station in your area that broadcast's Dave Emory's "One Step Beyond," 
he has tapes on the subject.                                                
Who *really* won the Cold War?  The KGB.  Our government has become the KGB.
%Info:    Each ,  Subs: $15.00 for 4 issues to                                
Julianne McKinney, Electronic Surveillance Project, 921 Pleasant Street, Assoc
of Nat'l Security Alumni Des Moines, IA 50309                                 
(23 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
No trades/submissions OK/no ads.                                              

%Title:  GHOST TRACKERS NEWSLETTER: The Official Paranormal Publication of the 
         Ghost Research Society  Volume 11  Issue 3  October 1992              
%Descr:  About the finding, and recording the presence of whatever it
         is that many people call Ghosts.                            
Articles on recording ghosts, using an intriguing combination of tape       
recorders and Ouija boards, and photographing them at Gothic cathedrals.    
Unfortunately, there were no reprints of the photos.  General pieces on the 
paranormal and some fiction, which wasn't labelled as such and which I first
thought was some flowery rendition of a first-hand account.  Plus lots of   
book reviews and upcomming events of the GRS.                               
Good reporting on the subject from the believers' point of view.            
%Info:   $5.00 Each ,  Subs: $12.00 for 3 issues to                           
Dale Kaczmarek, Ghost Research Society, P.O. Box 205,  Oak Lawn, IL 60454-0205
(31 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/submissions OK/back issues/takes ads.                               

%Title:  GOD'S LOVE: The Envelope of the Soul's Ultimate Light. December, 1992 
%Descr:  Dense, very dense.  I'm probably failing to understand this 
         completely, but I think that Women are spiritual beings, Men
         are beings of corruption and sex (corruption and sex might  
         be the same thing) and that Jesus was the first Androgyn    
         that will allow women into a plane where men are not needed.
"So also is the resurrection of the dead.  It is sown in corruption: (Sun   
Seed) it is raised in incorruption (The Immaculate Conception), _where woman
needs not a man!!!_ (She crystalized Jesus Body into a church, a rock, a    
stone he builds his church upon in the temple of the soul, the atrium of    
God.  The Alter of God on Earth, is within the body of man.                 "It is sewn in dishonor:  It is raised in Glory:  It is sewn in weakness    
(Sex) it is raised in Power (Spririt)!!!"                                   
Got it?  I hope so.                                                         
%Info:   The Usual Each  to                                                   
Dr. Julia Gonzalez, 4790 Jackson Street, Apartment #219 Rvierside, CA 92503   
(9 Pages/S/JP)                                                                
Trades OK/no ads.                                                             

%Title:  HEADLINES  Issue 25                                                   
%Descr:  Bulletin of that most "Bob"-like of churches, the 1st Mobile
         Church of Bay Hill.                                         
"Bob" sightings;  the bridge named after the SubGenius Messiah;  Arnold     
Palmer as the Satanic agent of bleeding head disco soccer;  clues to X-day  
events in a retrospect on college football coach Bobby Dobbs;  "Bob's"      
near-death experience at the hands of the Nazis;  the pink conspiracy in    
Orlando;  Bush/Dahmer in '92 and SubGenii zine reviews.                     
If you need more slack, then you need this zine.                            
%Info:   $2.00 Each ,  Subs: $ 5.00 for 3 issues to                           
Dave Mitchell, 1st Mobile Church of Bay Hill, PO Box 5094,  Winter Park, FL   
32793-5094                                                                    
(12 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/submissions OK/back issues/no ads.                                  

%Title:  HOLY TEMPLE OF MASS CONSUMPTION  Issue 14  Februrary 1993             
%Descr:  The spirit of "Bob" lives online.  Like _Factsheet Five_ and
         _Practical Anarchy_, HToMC exists as both a print zine and  
         ezine.                                                      
Issue #14 reprints the Bay Area Skeptics rundown of Psychic Predictions for 
1992 that didn't come close to reality.  There's the infamous "Save the     
Aliens" flyer and weird news from the Talking Heads.  #13 has Fundie Xtian  
failures and a great anti-Bush rant.  All issues have comix reviews, "Bob"  
sightings, Ren & Stimpy news, and convention and rave listings.             
A very slackful source guide.  Back issues are at quartz.rutgers.edu        
%Info:   The Usual Each  to                                                   
slack@ncsu.edu , PO Box 3094,  Raleigh, NC 27622                              
(10 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/submissions OK/back issues/takes ads. email slack@ncsu.edu          

%Title:  INFOCULT: The Journal of Strange Information  Volume 1  Issue 3  1991 
%Descr:  Very strange information, indeed.                           
InfoCult, while not a cult in of itself, takes on several in this issue of  
weird religions.  The strangest, by far, is the connections between UFOs and
the Nation of Islam.  In his autobiography, Malcom X describes a visitation 
in his cell, and one could apply aspects of that visitation with the Men In 
Black phenomenon.  Then there was Louis Farrakhan's ride in a UFO that later
helped defend Libya against U.S. raids.  Also, psychedelic Jesus freaks who 
contend that psycheldelics without Jesus are Satanic, personal accounts of  
being an altar boy and smoking dope with the Rastafarians, murderous cult   
leaders, Crowley, Criswell, Krishnas and more.                              
Worship within the Cult of Information, or be lost in the strangling       
darkness of The Conspiracy, forever!                                        
%Info:   $2.00 Each ,  Subs: $ 9.00 for 4 issues to                           
Johnny Walsh, P.O. Box 3124,  East Hampton, NY 11937                          
(12 Pages/T/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/submissions OK/back issues/takes ads.                               

%Title:  INSTAURATION  Volume 17  Issue 9  August, 1992                        
%Descr:  Well-researched news, articles and opinions on the subject  
         of race politics.  The writers of Instauration are obviously
         educated and well-read.                                     
Two articles of historical revision are sure to make you question what you  
think racial politics in America.  The lead article is about Negro soldiers 
and American Indian officers in the Confederate Army.  The second is about  
how almost one third of all lynchings done in America from 1882 to 1970 were
against white people.  Nietzsche, Darwin, miscegenation and decadence;  plus
news, letters and articles on many more subjects.
Instauration is the intellectual vanguard of the Aryan movement.            
%Info:   $4.00 Each ,  Subs: $30.00 for 12 issues to                          
Howard Allen, Howard Allen Enterprises, Inc., Box 76,  Cape Canaveral, FL     
32920                                                                         
(28 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
No trades/submissions OK/back issues/no ads.                                  

%Title:  NATIONAL VANGUARD: Toward a New Consciousness; a New Order; a New     
%Descr:  People.  Issue 112  Februrary, 1992                                   
         A glossy, well-produced zine of Aryan thought.              
The lead editorial is not what most people would expect from an Aryan zine, 
as it condemned the Gulf "War" as an act of mass murder.  There's an article
on the statistics of incidents of STDs and AIDS among the Black and White   
communities in America.  Another article quotes from the _Jewish Chronicle_ 
on how some 100 Orthodox Jews attacked the home of a 5-year-old girl who was
molested by an Orthodox Jew.  They called for the expulstion of the girl's  
family for reporting the crime to the police.  The cover story is about the 
dumbing-down of universities through affirmative action programs.  "Forced  
equality and excellence cannot coexist."                                    
%Info:   $2.50 Each ,  Subs: $12.00 for 6 issues to                           
William Pierce, National Vanguard Books, PO Box 330,  Hillsboro, WV 24946     
(24 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
No trades/submissions OK/no ads.                                              

%Title:  NEXUS: New Times  Volume 2  Issue 5  Nomvember 1991                   
%Descr:  One of the better collections of information from the       
         fringes of reason.                                          
This issue of Nexus contains an article on what is certainly the Grand      
Unified Conspiracy;  the penultimate bulldada;  the Holy Grail of secret    
history;  it's more complex and far-reaching than The Shaver Mystery, the   
King Kill to the 33rd Degree theory on the Kennedy assassination, and the   
works of R. A. Wilson, William S. Burroughs and Umberto Eco combined.  It's 
the Philadelphia Experiment and it involves John von Neumann (the original  
architect of today's sequential methods of computer processing), T. Townsend
Brown (who built a functional flying saucer), President Franklin Roosevelt, 
Dr. Nikola Tesla (who may still be alive), the Grey and non-Grey aliens,    
time travel, the Krupps family and IT&T, the $10 billion in missing Nazi    
gold, Wilhelm Reich and orgone energy, Stealth Bombers, the missing         
children, 23 U.S. military bases, teleportation, invisibility, alien mind   
control technology, aliens from the Pleiades, age regression, soul transfer,
orgasm drugs, mind amplification and the UFO crashes at Roswell NM.         
Whew.                                                                       
Plus information on "The Opal File," an Australian equivalent to The        
Gemstone File, but dealing with CIA experiments with subliminal television  
in New Zealand and Australia.  The great fluoride hoax, yowies (Australian  
Big Foot), US Air Force handbooks on UFO's and a lot more.                  
One mindblowing magazine.  Note:  I've given the price for an overseas      
subscription.                                                               
%Info:   $6.50 Each ,  Subs: $35.00 for 6 issues to                           
Duncan Roads, Nexus Magazine, C/O Post Office,  Mapleton  Queensland,    4560 
Australia                                                                     
(76 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
No trades/submissions OK/back issues/takes ads.                               

%Title:  NOTES FROM THE HANGAR: Quarterly Journal of the National UFO Museum   
%Descr:  Volume 1  Issue 3  December 1991                                      
         Lots of interesting and, best of all, credible UFO          
         information.                                                
Except for Ruth A. Leedy's "Arguments For A Hollow Earth" (which relied on  
too much on limited bits of old data, much like Fundie Xtians and their     
single Bible quotes), this issue is made up of a lot of great data.  William
Fuller presents an interesting riddle, how come many ancient cartographics  
were able to accurately map Antartica?  There's a guide to the infamous Area
51.  And, in an early case history of UFO's and agricultural products, the  
account of UFO sightings in the 20's and 30's in Queensland and how they    
relate to some 15,000 missing pineapples.  Plus news about the Museum, ads, reviews and contacts.                                                       
One of the better UFO zines.                                                
%Info:   $4.95 Each ,  Subs: $25.00 for 4 issues to                           
The National UFO Museum, 150 N. Center St., Suite 223 Reno, NV 89501-1603     
(60 Pages/D/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/submissions OK/back issues/takes ads.                               

%Title:  ORVOTRON: East Coast Power Point Transformation Updates June, 1992    
%Descr:  "Our main focus is...to keep people informed and therefore  
         alive until this cycled event occurs."  The cycled event    
         being the Photon Light Cloud, the full extent of which is   
         due before 1997.                                            
Some 5,000 years ago evil beings (aliens, perhaps) descended upon the Earth 
and proceded, in their subtle ways, to enslave humanity.  Some of the       
alien-run institutions include the Church and the IRS.  The enslavement will
lead to death, or worse, by 1997.  But, there is hope!                      
World-Wide Unification under the command of Ashtar and a fine web of energy 
lines will change the planet to Divine Essence of White Light.              
I wondered how IRS agents could be so inhumanly evil at times.              
%Info:    Each ,  Subs: $30.00 for 6 issues to                                
Judith Wells, Route 2, Box 309B Vilas, NC 28692                               
(20 Pages/D/JP)                                                               
No trades/no ads. email BBS 704-297-5973                                      

%Title:  POLITICALLY INCORRECT  Volume 1  Issue 7  August 23, 1991             
%Descr:  OK, it's old, but it really fits in with this category.  I  
         don't know what PI is 'normally' like.                      
PI presents thumbnail sketches of, and lists books about, known secret      
societies.  I know that's an oxymoron, as truly secret societies wouldn't be
known, but as the author writes, "Since I value my sanity and my life, I    
will not here write of Really secret societies."  From the lost continents  
of Atlantis and Mu to the Freemasons, Illuminati, IRA, Trilateral           
Commission, Multinational Oil Companies, the Mafia (Morte Alla Francia      
Italia Anela [Death to the French is Italy's cry.]) and every other famous  
secret society and conspiracy around.  Plus "Bob" and the number 23.        
This and The Little Black Book should get you going on the wonderful world  
of weird.                                                                   
%Info:   $2.00 Cash Each  to                                                  
Politically Incorrect, Box 170  400 N. High St.,  Columbus, OH 43215          
(31 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/submissions OK/back issues/no ads.                                  

%Title:  RESEARCHER: An independent newsletter of revisionist historiography & 
         radical tradition  Volume 3  Issue 10                                 
%Descr:  News and opinion on racial issues.                          
"If I were a negro I would be ashamed unto my innter being by the sight of  
so obvious a token as Clarence 'Long Dong Silver' Thomas."  Thomas is also  
portrayed as "another dutiful beauracratic monkey in a suit, as vacuous as a
Thorazine-loaded mongoloid."  Plus gloating over the African-Jewish conflict
in New York City, abortion as a disaster for the Nordic race, television as 
an anti-Nordic and anti-Christian tool, news, satire and George Hennard and 
the number 23.                                                              
Well-written and opinionated views.                                         
%Info:   $3.00 Each ,  Subs: $30.00 for 12 issues to                          
Michael Hoffman II, Wiswell Ruffin House, PO Box 236,  Dresden, NY 14441      
(8 Pages/S/JP)                                                                
No trades/no ads.                                                             

%Title:  RESONANCE: Newsletter of the Bioelectromagnetics SIG of Mensa  Issue  
         25  January 1993                                                      
%Descr:  "The purpose of _Resonance_ is to review scientific         
         literature dealing with the subject of bioelectromagnetics; 
         that is, the interaction between electric and/or magnetic   
         fields and living organisms, and related topics."           
Issue #25 begins a thirteen-part reprint of the Napa Sentinel's 1991 series 
of articles on government experimentation with electronic and non-electronic
forms of mind control.  This series was named as one of Project Censor's top
ten under-reported stories of 1991.  At this point in the reprint series,   
most of the torture is in the form of drugs (especially LSD) and more       
typical methods of brainwashing, such as hanging naked people upside-down   
until they cooperate.  I'm looking forward to members' comments on the      
electronic techniques used in Project Slammer (cf. _Electronic Surveillance 
Project_).  Also presented is U.S. Patent #3,773,049 a.k.a. LIDA, an        
aparatus used in Soviet and Western mind-control experiments.  A schematic  
is provided, in case you need to build one at home.                         
Plus news on abstracts in five languages (English, French, German, Georgian 
and Urdu) available from issue #23 on.                                      
Issue #24 continues where #23 left off, reprinting an article from _Full    
Disclosure_ on Project Pandora and remote mind-control technology.  This    
part of the article covers how microwaves are used, how FEMA was ready to   
use microwave weapons against nebulously defined 'terrorists,' and, in the  
largest known case of government electronic torture, the effects of         
microwave weapons on the women at Greenham Common.                          
Heady, and frightening stuff.  A working knowledge of biology and magnetics 
helps.                                                                      
%Info:   $4.00 Each ,  Subs: $15.00 for 4 issues to                           
Judy Wall, Mensa BEM SIG, P.O. Box 69,  Sumterville, FL 33585                 
(23 Pages/D/JP)                                                               
No trades/submissions OK/back issues/no ads.                                  

%Title:  ROOM 101 REVISITED  Issue 36  August, 1992                            
%Descr:  Discordian rants and new conspiracies from the author of    
         "The Illuminoids"                                           
Issue #36 departs from the "Bob"-laden contents of the prior 5 issues for a 
serious look at police brutality in Albuquerque, which had 10 cases of      
police killing 'suspects.'  With a population of 382,000 that ranks         
Albuquerque pretty high up there in per-capita police murders.  There's also
an article linking the Men In Black phenonmenon to the Kennedy assassination
and Watergate.  Could MIB's have stolen the Gemstone file?  Plus cows       
listening to Elvis and subversion in Sunday Schools.  Prior issues dealt    
with Dobbshead sightings, bloviation as the key to Slack, "Bob's" secret    
number, SubGenius cosmology and "Bob" in the Cosmos.                        
The scary thing is that he's probably right.                                
%Info:   SASE Each  to                                                        
Neal Wilgus, Juxtipedia Press, P.O. Box 25771,  Albuquerque, NM 87125         
(2 Pages/S/JP)                                                                
Trades OK/submissions OK/back issues/no ads.                                  

%Title:  ROSES: The Message of Our Lady and Our Lord to Veronica Lueken October
         6, 1992                                                               
%Descr:  The latest news from heaven, conveyed directly to Veronic   
         Lueken from The Virgin Mary.                                
The news this time is the imminent emergence of the Antichrist, precipitated
by the assassination of Pope John Paul II.  The message about the pope was  
delivered by a polaroid photograph.  "A standard procedure has been         
established by Heaven for each vigil.  Veronica holds three blessed candles,
and three designated workers each snap three photographs.  The end result is
always miraculous."  The picture shows what looks like a neon picture of a  
man holding a gun and two "Ps" and an "8".  The interpretation, "The 2 'Ps' 
stand for: the Pope and prayer.  The '8' represents the priesthood or the   
Holy Eucharist.  The meaning now is quite evident.  Unless we pray (P) - and
pray hard - for the life and safety of John Paul II (P,8), the satanic plans
will achieve its cursed objective:  the brutal and violent end to the life  
of the beloved Vicar of Christ."                                            Always wear your Scapular!                                                  
%Info:    Each ,  Subs: $ 1.00 for life to                           
Veronica Lueken, Our Lady of the Roses, P.O. Box 52,  Bayside, NY 11361       
(4 Pages/S/JP)                                                                
No trades/back issues/no ads.                                                 

%Title:  SATAN'S, WORD OF LUCIFER: Poetry from B. Q. Voltair   March 1992        
%Descr:  This isn't a zine, but we thought that we'd share this with 
         you.                                                        
Mr. Voltair, according to his letter to Hudson, "[is] a prisoner at         
Bridgewater State Hosp. for the criminally insane...they won't release me   
because they think I'm a danger, to everyone, on the Earth, with my         
blasphemous, blasphemies, of blasphemous truth about Santa Claus."          
Mr. Voltair sent seven poems.  Except for "The Clowns and The Fools," almost
every line of them starts with "I am," have a lot of commas and contain one 
or more of the following words:  Lucifer, Devil, Evil, God, Satan, Bible,   
Jesus, Beelzebub, Santa, Lord, 666.                                         
I've arbitrarily titled his work by the first poem in the bunch.  Here is an
exerpt from "Satan's, word of Lucifer"                                      
"I am Satan's, words of Evil;                                               
I cause guilt and fear,                                                     
I am the, Evil, words, in the, Devil's book;                                
I am lies, you do not hear.                                                 
"I am Satan's, words of Evil;                                               
I make it hard to think,                                                    
I was created, by the lies, of Satan;                                       
I am why you drink."                                                        
Mr. Voltair seems willing to have his works published for either $1,000,000 
or a copy of the zine.                                                      
%Info:   The Usual Each  to                                                   
B. Q. Voltair, M.C.I. Bridgewater, 20 Administration Road,  Bridgewater, MA   
02324                                                                         
(7 Pages/S/JP)                                                                
Trades OK/no ads.                                                             

%Title:  STEAMSHOVEL PRESS: Caries, Cabals, Conspiracies!  Issue 5  Summer,    
%Descr:  1992                                                                  
         Well researched and well documented information about       
         popular conspiracies.                                       
Issue number 5 has great interviews with Mark Lane, Kerry Thornley, Jim     
Marrs and Dick Gregory about the Kennedy Assassination conspiracies.  Mr.   
Lane, the author of "Plausible Denial" and "Rush To Judgement" was the      
Liberty Lobby's lawyer in their case against E. Howard Hunt.  He was able to
convince a jury that Hunt was indeed part of a conspiracy to kill Kennedy.  
Kerry Thornley, one of the authors of "Principia Discordia," talks about his
relationship (or lack thereof) with Oswald, MKUltra and Nazi breeding       
experiments.  Jim Marrs, author of "Crossfire," talks about Jim Garrison's  
investigations and the secret government.  Dick Gregory talks about         
disseminating information and connections between the assassination of      
Kennedy and Martin Luther King.                                             
But even more chilling than all that are two articles on more recent        
nefarious activities.  Tim Wheeler writes about David Duke's connections    
with the intelligence community and his amazing ability to avoid being      
convicted of crimes.  The most frightening piece of all is by John Robert   
Martin on the staged assassination attempts on Ford and Reagan.  Essentially
Reagan replayed the Kennedy assassination, but survived to become, in the   
public mind, a new Kennedy or even a new Christ.  How convenient that       
Hinckley attacked (or was programmed to attack) around Easter.  Within the  
context of secret governments that experiment in electronic and drug-induced
coercion, the scenario is all too plausible.                                
All that, plus a story about Gerald L.K. Smith, an American Nazi from the   
30's who got into the tourist business;  Robert A. Wilson on Santa Cruz's   
over-broad anti-discrimination laws;  G.J. Drupey on alternative AIDS cures 
and how the government would rather not admit to their effectiveness;  Roy  
Lisker on Chomsky's language systems;  Jim Keith on the origins of UFO's and
X. Sharks DeSpot on UFO's as disinfotainment;  and book reviews.            Issue number 4, which may still be available, has an interview with Abbie   
Hoffman's brother;  the roles played by George Bush and Richard Nixon in the
Kennedy assassination;  Black Holes and the Trilateral Commission (second   
only to the Philadelphia Experiment in _Nexus_ in the mind-blowing          
category);  Walter Alter on multiple TV's and maximum human information     
throughput;  Jim Keith on his attempts to collate and verify all the        
manifold versions of the Gemstone File;  G.J. Krupey on AIDS as biological  
warfare;  plus the nature of conspiracies, California prison abuse, Reich   
and Einstein and more book reviews.                                         
An awesome conpendium of conspiracies and allied data.  Get it!             
%Info:   $5.00 Each ,  Subs: $20.00 for 4 issues to                           
Kenn Thomas, 5927 Kingsbury,  St. Louis, MO 63112                             
(60 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
No trades/submissions OK/back issues/takes ads. email skthoma@umslvma.bitnet  

%Title:  THE FRANKLIN'S WORLD SENTINEL 4 September 92                          
%Descr:  "One day, while I was hiking up in the mountains near       
         Montyzuma, a spirit came to me and told me to write this    
         book in 'zine form -- all for Saint Ryan White!  A Testament
         to HOPE!"                                                   
B.L. Franklin has been declared God by the media.  New Jerusalem is a ski   
resort in Colorado.  Saint Ryan White is the way to the King of Kings.      
Meanwhile, alcohol causes 75% of violent crime and the minimum wage is      
brutally low, term limits are the way to go and God *demands* equal rights  
for homosexuals.                                                            
Of all the people who talk to, or claim to be God, B.L. Franklin is the only
one preaching peace, compassion and cross-county skiing.                    
%Info:   The Usual Each  to                                                   
B.L. Franklin, 58 West Ferry, #7 Lexington Place Detroit, MI 48202            
(4 Pages/S/JP)                                                                
Trades OK/back issues/no ads.                                                 

%Title:  THE GEIS LETTER: Thought Crime, Dogmacide, and Intellectual Heresy    
%Descr:  Issue 12  Februrary, 1993                                             
         A zine of holocaust-revisionism (and proud of it) that is   
         evolving to a personal zine.                                
This issue has a simpler format.  Most of the contents is news about the    
legal troubles of Randall Weaver (who held off Federal Marshalls in a seige 
last year) and the publisher's impending operation.  Plus letters and       
thoughts on Clinton.                                                        
%Info:   The Usual Each  to                                                   
Richard Geis, PO Box 11408,  Portland, OR 97211                               
(8 Pages/S/JP)                                                                
Trades OK/no ads.                                                             

%Title:  THE HAMMER OF TRUTH: An Official Publication of the National          
%Descr:  Cynicratic Party  Issue 19  12/26/92                                  
         Jimmy Zero must be a Republican who found "Bob"  There is no
         other explanation.                                          
#18 has football games of the future will be played in civil courts.  Sorta 
like what computer companies do today.  An open letter to Spike Lee about   
the AIDS conspiracy.  More stupid political limericks and a Wanted Poster   
for Barbie's crimes against feminism.                                       
#19 has a plan for making the Clinton administration 'look like America' by 
giving cabinet appointees two week terms.   "Let's suppose you're a fat,    
left-handed, homeless, female, homosexual Eskimo.  Then you are perfect     
Cabinet material."                                                          
The open letter is to the mayor of Boulder, CO and has an application test  
to help cure Boulder's malady of "Too Many Rich White Guys."                
More dippy limericks.                                                       
Just what is it with Texas?                                                 
%Info:   SASE Each  to                                                        
Jimmy Zero, General Delivery,  Gainseville, TX 76240      USA                 
(7 Pages/S/JP)                                                                
Trades OK/submissions OK/no ads.                                              

%Title:  THE LITTLE BLACK BOOK  Issue 1  Februrary, 1993                       
%Descr:  A listing of hundreds of 'fringe' publications and          
         organizations.                                              
Paul Rydeen, who used to publish the funny "Field Trip," has compiled a     
comprehensive listing of groups left out of Ivan Stang's "High Weirdness by 
Email."  No reviews of publications are given, and the only clues are the   
categories in which they are placed and their names, but as one is risking  
all of one stamp, the informaation presented is sufficient.  Categories     
include Astronauts Who Founder Their Own 'Religion,'  Christian Extremes,   
Essenes,  Fortean Researchers,  Orgone,  Radionics and Psychotronics,       
Schizophrenics,  Smart Drugs,  Tesla,  Unpopular Cosmologies and Zion       
Bashers.  Paul also provides tips for ensuring contacts and pleas for       
understanding.                                                              
An extensive listing of important information about the fringe.             
%Info:   $5.00 Each  to                                                       
Paul Rydeen, VIVO, P.O. Box 537  VAMC,  Tuskegee, AL 36083                    
(18 Pages/D/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/no ads.                                                             

%Title:  THE MISSING LINK  Issue 114  March, 1992                              
%Descr:  First-hand reports of UFO contacts, abductions, encounters  
         and channellings.                                           
Much of #114 is taken up with the controversy of a being that identifies    
itself as TRO and claims to be an alien opertative.  Further investigation  
points to the TRO letters as being yet another government disinformation    
campaign.  A Soviet UFO encounter and an interview with a Russian UFO       
expert.  Pictures of something that fell from the sky which looks, to me,   
more like an old communications satellite than anything from an alien       
culture.                                                                    
#113 has much information on the Giant Rock gatherings that started in the  
late fifties and continue today.  While there are several genuine reading   
cases of contact, there is too much New Age channelling and guru-ism for my 
taste.  I do not doubt the sincerity of the channellors, nor do I dismiss   
channelling as a method of communicating with something that is beyond      
humanity, I just find it hard to accept direct mind-to-mind communications  
between two very different cultures without a lot more 'traditional'        
inter-action first.                                                         
A mixture of good information with the overly gullable.                     
%Info:   $2.95 Each ,  Subs: $20.00 for 12 issues to                          
Aileen Garoutte, UFOCCI, 3001 S. 288th St.,  Federal Way, WA 98003            
(28 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
No trades/submissions OK/back issues/takes ads.                               

%Title:  THE MOORISH SCIENCE MONITOR Winter, 1993                              
%Descr:  The Pacific Northwest edition of the floating zine of the   
         new, multi-media Sufis:  The Moorish Orthodox Church.       
The Manifesto of The Black Thorn League, an obscure branch of the Masons.   
These were the so-called Black Masons whose leader was Noble Drew Ali.      
Among their heresies was the inclusion of the Celts among the Asiatic races.
The MOC has concluded that the Irish are Persian.  Antero Alli gives us the 
initiation into the three stages of fun.  Why the 19th century never ended  
and why Sufis should stay drunk.  Plus Mykel And & Elizabeth Was on         
Hypermedia, meet the Moors, MOC news, letters and the great collages.       
Bring the Jubilee into being!                                               
%Info:   $4.00 Each  to                                                       
James Koehnline, Autonomedia, P.O. Box 85777,  Seattle, WA 98145-1777         
(60 Pages/D/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/submissions OK/back issues/no ads.                                  

%Title:  THE PATRIOT REVIEW: Defending the Republic  Volume 6  Issue 3         
%Descr:  November, 1992                                                        
         News on the struggle for a Christian Republic.              
Mostly bad news.  States forcing children to attend state schools, despite  
the tradition and effectiveness of home-schooling.  Lots of news about IRS  
and other government agencies seizing the property of alledged citizens.    
There's news about a government defeat in a seizure case (an unfortunately  
rare event) and some tips on how to avoid such an incident.  Plus Bo Gritz. 
The CPA also publishes a huge catalog of books on subjects you won't find at
Crown Books.                                                                
Scary, and timely news about government repression of people who hold       
controversial views.                                                        
%Info:   $4.00 ? Each ,  Subs: $24.00 for 12 issues to                        
Christian Patriot Association, PO Box 905,  Sandy, OR 97055                   
(16 Pages/T/JP)                                                               
No trades/submissions OK/takes ads.                                           

%Title:  THE PROJECT: Dedicated to Identifying the Nature of the Ruling Class  
%Descr:  Conspiracy  Volume 9  Issue 2  Summer 1992                            
         Partly a zine, mostly a catalog for the books they sell, The
         Project presents fascinating data on a variety of           
         ruling-class conspiracies. Primary information revolves     
         around the secret machinizations of overt and covert organs 
         of the British Empire (including Masons) and The Vatican.   
Departing somewhat from their usual concern, this issue of The Project sheds
some light on some of the popular conspiracies making their way through the 
African American community.  "Few conspiracy theorists would dispute the    
nearly universal Black conspiracy theory that the Judeo-Masonic conspiracy  
to rule the world descends from the Egyptian Occult Theocracy."  And        
identifying the "'White dominated' Council on Foreign Relations as the      
'public face' of the conspiracy.  Black conspiracy theorists uniformly      
suspect that AIDS is an artificial disease specifically designed by the     
White Power Structure to destroy people of color and that crack cocaine is  
purposely allowed to flood the Black-Hispanic ghettos."  The Project        
theorizes that racism is but a tool of the Judeo-Masonic/Royalist           
conspiracy, and not necessarily its ultimate goal.                          
Their catalog includes many of the so-called Black conspiracy books, along  
with many others dealing with Masonic, Vatican, Neo-British Empire and a    
variety of other subjects.                                                  
The Project is *the* source of detailed information about The Conspiracy.   
%Info:   $2.00 (?) Each  to                                                   
A-albionic Research, P.O. Box 20273,  Ferndale, MI 48220                      
(28 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
No trades/takes ads.                                                          

%Title:  THE RATIONAL FEMINIST  Volume 6  Issue 2  Spring 1992                 
%Descr:  A *very* different viewpoint from within the Aryan movement,
         The Rational Femminist focuses on, but is not exclusively   
         about, the rights of women, children and animals.           
         Send an SASE to inquire about *qualifying* for discount or  
         free prisoner subscriptions, which are at the editor's      
         discretion.                                                 
Much of this issue of TRF is taken up by a reprint of a series from 1988 on 
the Trilateral Commission and its iron lock on American Politics.  While    
none of the information presented is new to me, it is a good starting point 
for those interested in this infamous group of the power elite.  Also       
reprinted, but often illegible, is an essay on Jesus as a political         
activist.  Plus musings on the awful veal industry, euthanasia, abortion as 
racial suicide, the innate ugliness of humanity, and Kathy Metzger.  There's
also health tips and contacts.                                              
A unique perspective.                                                       
%Info:   $3.00 Each ,  Subs: $15.00 for 4 issues to                           
Molly Gill, PO Box 28253  Kenneth City Stn,  St. Petersburg, FL 33709         
(16 Pages/L/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/submissions OK/back issues/no ads.                                  

%Title:  THE SKEPTIC  Volume 6  Issue 6  December 1992                         
%Descr:  Taking the skeptical view of anomolous events and guillable 
         trends.                                                     
This issue debunks cold fusion, the 'miracle' of Ann Moore (who alledgedly  
fasted for several years), ball lightning and acupuncture.                  
%Info:   L4.50 Each ,  Subs: $40.00 for 6 issues to                           
Dr. Steve Donnelly, The Skeptic, PO Box 475,  Manchester,    M60 2TH    U.K.  
(28 Pages/A4/JP)                                                              
No trades/submissions OK/back issues/no ads. email Love@uk.ac.daresbury       

%Title:  THE SOUTHERN NATIONAL NEWSLETTER: Dedicated to States' Rights and the 
         Republic of Dixie  Volume 14  Issue 1  Winter, 1992                   
%Descr:  Concered with how and why the Republic of Dixie should be   
         formed as a Christian State.                                
Comparissons between the South and Ukraine in their respective struggles for
total independence.  A variety of tactics and resources are presented to    
further the cause of Secession, including the works of Thomas Paine and     
Sergey Nechayev.  The fundamental principles of a Christian state are       
detailed, including the rights and responsibilities of the citizenry.  Plus 
more articles, letters, newsclips and questions that would seriously        
embarrass a school teacher.                                                 
A powerful document on political warfare.                                   
%Info:    Each ,  Subs: $12.50 for 4 issues to                                
Southern National Party, P.O. Box 18214,  Memphis, TN 38181                   
(20 Pages/L/JP)                                                               
No trades/submissions OK/back issues/no ads.                                  

%Title:  THE WHITE EAGLE: For Welsh Independence  Issue 4                      
%Descr:  "TWE is a Welsh political journal which fights for Welsh    
         Nationhood.  We consider the only way to ensure the survival
         of Wales, her culture, language and identity is an          
         independent Welsh Nation.                                   
         "Our ultimate aim is a federation of the True European      
         Nations, from Brittany to Croatia, Scotland to Ukraine.  A  
         such, we totally reject the current European States which   
         are firmly based on imperialism."                           
These might be good, if bloody times for the cause of European              
self-determination.  TWE, however, covers news about people you may have    
thought to be completely assimilated, if you heard of them at all.  There's 
an interview with Strollad Broadel Breizh, the Nationalist Party of Breton, 
covering the group's history and goals.  Welsh history, news,  how land     
would be re-distributed after English-built cities in Wales are destroyed   
and a plan to replace police with community deputies.                       
An eloquent call for self-determination.  I hope an independent Wales does  
away with those God-awful British Postal codes.                             
%Info:   1.00L Each  to                                                       
The White Eagle, P.O. Box 299,  Cardiff,    CF2 3XQ    Wales                  
(12 Pages/A4/JP)                                                              
No trades/submissions OK/takes ads.                                           

%Title:  THREE L1 REVELATIONS: Convocations of L1 communique materials.        
%Descr:  February 1992                                                         
         "To tide the concerned and the curious over until           
         publication of THE WAR BIBLE, BOOK ONE, we here present 3   
         convocations of L1 communique material."  The communiques   
         are 'Life is War, War is Life' 'Pagan Atheism, Atheist      
         Paganism' and 'Fascist Aesthetic, Aesthetic Fascism'        
In the first communique we are told how peace is the ultimate tyrranny, the 
god of the inept and the inebriated, the stagnant cesspool of dreary        
submission.  Equality is a prison, a forced mediocrity.  Love is not        
democratic.                                                                 
In the second communique the usefulness and effectiveness of ritual is      
demonstrated, while all gods are renounced as a waste of time and energy.   
The third communique is a manifesto against laziness, stupidity and         
mediocrity.  "ONLY WITH DISCIPLINE AND DETERMINATION WILL HEAVEN ON EARTH BE
REACHED."  The useless will be discarded.                                   
"You ARE right, and the entire world IS wrong."                             
%Info:   $6.00 CASH Each  to                                                  
C.O.W.A.N., P.O. Box 15,  Altadena, CA 91003                                  
(16 Pages/D/JP)                                                               
No trades/no ads.                                                             

%Title:  TRANSMISSIONARY PROGRESS REPORT: The Temple of The Holy O-Scope  Issue
         2                                                                     
%Descr:  How one person found "Bob" and activated his third nostril  
         by meditating on an oscilloscope.                           
Details just how an O-Scope can help YOU!  Aiiii-yada-yada-yada Praise      
"Bob!!"  Lots of comix and collage's about copping some much-needed slack   
while performing one's slavework for The Conspiracy, roommates from hell,   
alien furries, the Outhouse effect and random violence.                     
Dobbs-approved bulldada.                                                    
%Info:   $3.00 Each  to                                                       
Dr. Agon, P.O. Box  1282,  Fort Collins, CO 80522                             
(41 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/submissions OK/no ads.                                              

%Title:  TRASH CITY  Issue 11                                                  
%Descr:  A trash kultur zine that should appeal to the zombies for   
         "Bob."                                                      
Reprints from "Instruction and Advice for the Young Bride" an anti-sex      
manual from 1894.  "GIVE LITTLE, GIVE SELDOM AND ABOVE ALL, GIVE GRUDGINGLY.
Otherwise what could have been a proper marriage could become an orgy of    
sexual lust."  10 steps to acheiving slack at work.  American Excess, from  
the homeless to ads for animated Bible videos and Toxic Crusader cartoons.  
A review of an amazing art installation, Visions of Japan.  An interview    
with Manfred Jelinski, who produced the "Nekromantik" movies.  Yow, we're   
only half way through!  Zine reivews, Heavy Metal (the film), comix and     
manga, Klaus Kinski, Big Music, Chinese and Italian B movies and, finally,  
"Bob" himself.                                                              
One stop shopping for your trash fix.                                       
%Info:   $3.00 Each  to                                                       
Jim McLennan, Forbidden Planet, 7 Tummons Gardens, South Norwood Hill London, 
SE25 6BD   U.K.                                                               
(48 Pages/A5/JP)                                                              
Trades OK/submissions OK/back issues/no ads.                                  

%Title:  TSUJIGIRI  Issue 1  August, 1992                                      
%Descr:  Eastern Orthodox Discordianism?!?  You bet!                 
It's Malcalypse the Elder meeting Buddha, and how many of them can dance    
around a zen Koan?  "The Flesh of the Gods is Blue"  Meeting one's guru at  
Rocky Horror.  The Church of the SubGenius as the Left Hand Path of         
Discordianism.  Synchronicity and Erisian fables in the Vedas.              
A Discordian zine that is definitely out there.                             
%Info:   The Usual Each  to                                                   
Greg Carden, 7216 Briarcliff Drive,  Springfield, VA 22153                    
(5 Pages/S/JP)                                                                
Trades OK/submissions OK/no ads.                                              

%Title:  UFO'S, LSD AND ME.                                                    
%Descr:  An entertaining one-shot about the author's contacts with   
         aliens (although he isn't too sure about the closest        
         encounter as he was under the influence of LSD), conspiracy 
         talk radio shows at 2 a.m., making no-budget SciFi flicks in
         High School, meeting Jesus in Ojai and life, such as it was,
         in Fresno in the the early Eighties.  This is a highly      
         amusing read with many glimpses of truth into the UFO       
         movement and the government disinformation campaign.        
Funny and enlightening, you can't ask for much more.                        
%Info:   $3.00 CASH Each  to                                                  
Adam Gorightly, Infinity Limited Press, PO Box 1475,  Oakhurst, CA 93644      
(30 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/no ads.                                                             

%Title:  WHITE LIGHTS: Devoted to the Spirit of the White Race  Issue 1        
%Descr:  _White Lights_ deals with subjects considered heretical,    
         even within the Aryan Movement.                             
Victor Noble's solutions for freeing the White Race from the strangle-hold  
of the Jews involve a fascinating mix of eugenics, yoga, Christianity and   
the Holy Grail, and communication with beings from more advanced            
civilizations to produce Nietzsche's Ubermensch.  The guiding historical    
figures are Charlemagne (a possible Overman) and Jesus.  "Hitler's fatal    
mistake was his rejection of Christianity."  Information about the root- and
sub-races of humanity is reminiscent of Madam Blatavasky.  More information 
about conciousness and identity are provided by Hitheryon House, and of     
Yashua and the Time Arks come from A.T.A. Base.  Plus "Lucifer's Lexicon"   
and Ace Backwords.                                                          
Fascinating data.                                                           
%Info:   $2.00 Each  to                                                       
Victor Noble, PO Box 17231,  Philadelphia, PA 19105                           
(36 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/submissions OK/takes ads.                                           

%Title:  WOULD YOU BELIEVE?: The Controversial Phenomena Magazine  Issue 39    
%Descr:  Winter 91/92                                                          
         Like the _F_ or _Blue Ryder_ of publications on the fringes 
         of reason, W.Y.B. reprints choice articles, from a variety  
         of sources, about UFOs and related topics.                  
Reprints from _FATE_ on censoring sightings and Canadian UFOs; Aztec        
calender stone decoded; Alternative 3 from _Delve_; the purposes of Pine Gap
from _Notes from the Hangar_; even Bo Gritz(!) as a believer in UFOs, but he
exposes Willaim Cooper as a charlatan.  That, and more.                     
A good collection of exerpts from so-called fringe magazines.               
%Info:   $3.25 Each ,  Subs: $12.00 for 4 issues to                           
Armand , W.Y.B. Publications, HC 80 Box 156,  Marshall, AR 72650              
(25 Pages/S/JP)                                                               
Trades OK/submissions OK/back issues/takes ads.                               


