<--------------------------------------------------------------------->
|								      |
|                         O U T  O F  S T E P                         |
|                              Magazine                               |
|                           Vol. I, Issue #3                          |
|                	      March 1992                              |
<--------------------------------------------------------------------->                         
				Lies
				----
					by Quadrac

  Remember the old saying that not telling the whole story is just as
good as lying?  Since when were American's told the whole story?  How
many times have we been lied to in the past by our own "government"?
We should be yelling out and fighting back!
  The education system lied to us when we were children.  The atrocity
of slavery was never given enough emphasis, or even described as rascism.
The national racism during WWII was never described.  The government took
all Americans of Japanese descent and stuffed them into crowded "camps".
Every news report during the war (slaughter) with Iraq was censored.  It
was never even mentioned that we blackmailed all of the members of the
coalition into joining by sending the Secretary of State to tell them 
we'd cut off all economic aid to them if they didn't.
  So, if you want to say nothing, believe everything you see and hear
on TV, then go right ahead.  You want to be a real patriot?  Do something
to fix your country instead of saluting Bush.  When you get finished with
that, help the rest of the world as well.

-------------------------------------

          Top Ten Reasons to Re-elect the Bush/Quayle Ticket
          --------------------------------------------------

1. Guaranteed more money diverted from the poor to the rich.
2. The continued use of inefficient fossil fuel machines.
3. Continued widespread crack epedemics.
4. No more wasting money on useless AIDS research.
5. Lowered education standards to keep the working class overflowing.
6. Less taxes for major corporations and more for the middle class.
7. Changing presidents would only confuse people.
8. Keep America on top as the worlds greatest mercenaries.
9. Continued super-patriotism blinded with a thousand points of light
   shining right through the Bill of Rights.
10. More military spending to force the rest of the world to it's knees.

--------------------------------------

			       Election Time
			       -------------
					by Quadrac

  Well folks, it's election time again, and we've got a lot more 
canidates up for president than usual.  I just hope that whoever
you vote for, it isn't the Bush/Quayle ticket.  The current president
has to be one of the most powerful of all time.  He started a worthless 
war for his own self-interest in oil, and rallied almost the whole,
brain-dead country behind him.  Blinded their sight with nintendo
warfare, and flashy, happy news braodcasts.  At the same time he was
mercilessly destroying our economy and social order.  More homeless
and hungry than ever, and seriously lacking education system.  He's
being hailed as the peace president because he pulled the short-range
nuclear arms out of Europe.  Truth is, we just couldn't afford the 
upkeep anymore, much less even need it.
  If we don't elect somebody who is going to help our economy soon,
America is going to see it's greatest depression ever.  Oh, and 
by the way, how could you vote for Bush with a vice-president like Dan
Quayle?  That idiot gives Indiana a bad name.

-------------------------------------

                          Cultures and Identity
			  ---------------------
					by Quadrac

  On college campuses across the nation, there has been a great 
expanding of awareness about our own cultures.  More and more people
are beginning to study their own cultures and developing a cultural
pride that is unrivaled in modern times.
  The best example of this awareness is that of Black Americans.
They no more of their own culture than any other American.  All other
Americans should take this example to heart.  Study your own culture,
and know your history.  Once you understand your own, we can all 
begin to study each others.
  When we all begin to study AND understand each others culture, we 
will be able to get along better.  This well be another big step
in the march to stamp out all forms of rascism that this country
greatly needs.  Global understanding is the largest step towards
world peace that we can make.  We have to preserve the life and liberty
of all human beings, instead of creating suffering and hatred.
  We need to research all of our politicians for past histories of 
rascism, and make sure they are not elected.  These kinds of politicians
are all over the country, and they are the descision makers.  It's time
for a revolution, and we are the ones who have to start it, and soon.

----------------------------


And the sun rose brown over the mountains
The dark clouds began to roll in
Lightning cracked on the dirty horizon
And the rain burned on my skin
It was then that I realized
Sunrise would never come again

		by The Autarch

-----------------------------

              Construction Site Porta-John Philosophy
	      ---------------------------------------

1. Never trust anyting that bleeds 5 days out of the month and doesn't 
   die.
2. Here's to the crack that never heals. The more you rub it, the better
   it feels.  But, there is no soap this side of hell, that can wash
   away that fishy smell.
3. Damned be the one who flushes not the toilet.
4. For a good time call 232-0112.

  These sayings were painstakingly researched in porta-johns all over
the city.  They are authentic!  The writers of Out-of-Step do not
support these views, but we just thought the general public should 
know about the few, creative geniuses (yeah, right) that are cool
enough to write on bathroom walls.

--------------------------------------

                        Yet Another Music Review
			------------------------
					by Quadrac

  Do you like grungy, hard hitting music?  Well, if you do I suggest
a band called Poster Children.  The album name is "Flower Plower"
(yes, that's Plower).  It's put out on Frontier Records.
  Most of the album keeps a fast pace, with a pretty gritty guitar
sound.  Such songs as "Dangerous Life", "Modern Art", and "Non-reggae
Song" that drive right through your skull like a Mack truck.  Definately
something loud to wake up to that doesn't sound like Metallica.
These guys are based out of Urbana Il., so it's not to difficult
to get to a show if you are a poor, Terre Haute native, or student
here.

-------------------------------------


                         SHOCK * HORROR * EXPOSED
                       THRASH METAL HEROES UNMASKED
                     RSPCA Guerrilla Raid On Gorillas

  Thrash Metal chart toppers Sonic Destruction are at the centre of an
 animal cruelty row following a raid on a recording session by RSPCA
 inspectors. The inspectors became interested in the band when an RSPCA
 member, Sid Jones, overheard his son playing their 'Barf Out Your Brains'
 album.
  Sid Jones told us, 'I was sure I could hear the distress call of a
 grizzly bear somewhere in the general racket that my son calls music.
 When my son mentioned that the band record nearby I organised a raid.'
 The raid was planned to coincide with the recording of a single, 'Bog
 Eyes And Dandruff', a follow-up to the EP 'Eaten By A Combine' which
 topped the indie charts for over a month.
  RSCPA men burst into the studio as soon as they heard the first grunt and
 crashing chord. What they saw horrified them. Sid Jones takes up the
 story. 'We thought they just used a bear to add to the vocals. When we
 got in that studio we saw the full scale of the problem. There were three
 gorilla's and a chimp tied down to the floor and playing musical instru-
 ments. One gorilla had his feet glued to his drum pedals. The place
 stank. I don't think the place had been cleaned out for weeks.'
  The RSPCA inspectors discovered Dick Devious the band's producer sitting
 in the soundproof control room wearing a gasmask to protect him from the
 stench. On the mixing desk in front of him lay large quantities of
 amphetimine sulphate and several cans full of mixed and edited master
 tapes.
  It was only when the RSPCA summoned the police that the full story
 emerged. Faced with a charge of possessing over a pound of 'Speed' Devious
 broke down and confessed that the drugs were not for his use.
  Devious named Bob Dog, supremo of Sore Ball records, as the man behind
 a scheme to pump the animals full of hard drugs and record them as they
 attacked musical instruments in a chemically induced frenzy.
  Devious also revealed that the four animals discovered by the RSPCA
 had been responsible for nearly all the products released by bands like
 Napalm Death, Bolt Thrower and Unseen Terror.
  The blubbering producer confirmed the RSPCA theory about a bear but
 revealed the animal had been released from the studio following 'Musical
 differences' resulting from it's accidental playing of a proper chord on
 the guitar. 'That's when we got the chimp in,' mumbled Devious.
  With Devious, Dog and a couple of recording engineers removed to police
 cells, attempts were made to release the animals. At this point the
 animal inspectors encountered problems as the rockin' primates insisted
 on hauling themselves back into the studio for further performances.
  In one final speed fuelled frenzy the animals cut 'Fascist Inspectors
 Piss Off' and 'Sexy Orang Baby Go Down On Me'. With the band now returned
 to their respective zoos, the royalties from their single will pay for
 their upkeep.
--------------------------------------

                    Education and Slavery and Death

          Have  you taken a close look at our educational system today?  It
     stinks.  I am continually suprised at the lack of education in our 'so
     called'  educated people.  I went back to school after having been out
     of the academic scene for a number of years.  It  is  incredible!   We
     are breeding a nation of slaves!

          I  know, you don't see the connection.  It is there.  Take a look
     back in history.  Look at our own civil war.  That war was NOT  fought
     to  free  the slaves, it was fought because of education.  If you look
     at slaves through all the annals of history, you will see that  slaves
     were  people  of lesser knowledge kept by people of greater knowledge.
     The reason for this is clear. You cannot fight what you don't know and
     you cannot win over someone who does.  During the  period  before  our
     civil  war  the  slaves  were  kept ignorant for a reason, it was well
     known that an educated slave was a rebellious slave.  Why?  Because he
     had learned enough to understand the inequalities  of  the  situation.
     When  the  slaves  were  first  brought over from Africa, they knew so
     little that they could not understand the language let  alone  how  to
     stand  up  for their rights.  Every succeeding generation grew to know
     more of the American culture, became  more  educated,  less  satisfied
     with  their lot.  Eventually, they became educated enough to point out
     to people the injustice. Over a period of time enough people  listened
     that  the  civil  war  was fought.  But rest assured, if the slaves in
     America had not gained knowledge, we would still  have  slaves  today.

          As  an  example  let  me point out to you what has happened in an
     African nation known as Nigeria.  Nigeria is where all the blacks  who
     wanted to go back to Africa went after the civil war.  They went there
     and  immediately subjugated  the native blacks of the region.  However
     they were smarter than we were.  They immediately went on  a  killing
     spree,  trying to kill entire populations of natives.  Their reasoning
     was, "They're just stupid ignorant savages".  Sound  familiar?   Yeah.
     This  continues  to  this  day.  They haven't completely wiped out the
     indigenous tribes but they are close.  And how  do  they  do  it?   By
     denying  them  an  education,  keeping them stupid and ignorant.  They
     don't have the education to plan or to fight so  they  die.   And  the
     people  in  power  keep  on  in  power  straight  from the time of the
     American civil war.  And guess what country's friends with them?   You
     guessed it, the USA.  Yes, we say we are against slavery and the  loss
     of basic human rights but we go right ahead being friends with all the
     worst  offenders.   Some  of them (like Nigeria) for a hundred or more
     years!

          So, you ask what does that have to do with me?   Well,  you  just
     look around you at the education thats being offered today.  Everybody
     says  it  terrible,  everybody says somebody should do something about
     it.  But what is being done?  Nothing.  Every year it  gets  a  little
     worse,   and  they  talk  a  lot  about  reforms,  but  they never get
     implemented or if they do they make things worse  instead  of  better.
     So  when  you  sit  back  in  your complacent little niche in life and
     vegetate just think of this for a moment. Who is going to benefit from
     the poor education of people today?  Not the poorly educated  children
     of  today.   Not the worse educated children of tommorow.  No, it will
     be the people who have maintained their and their childrens education.
     They will smile as the poor uneducated trash go out  to  work  in  the
     fields,  singin  about  how  good 'massa' is to allow them to work for
     nothing and feed them scraps that he wouldn't  feed  his  hogs.   Yes,
     thats it, thank him as he lashes their backs and their blood runs free
     on the ground.

          Are one of those who are going to sit back and do nothing?
     The  'it  cant  happen  to me' people? Fine, just realize what you are
     selling your kids into.  And if you are one of those fat cats who are
     going to sit back and let it happen because you plan on being 'massa'
     I hope you realize that not all of us are going to go quitely into
     servitude.

          If you have children or if you plan on having them in the  future,
     educate them!  Its for damn sure that if you don't, the system sure as
     hell won't either.

                                                  The Grenadier.

--------------------------------------

/*
   VA Hospitals and Old Pink.

   I went to Indianapolis to see my grandfather.  He's in a VA
   hospital dying of Hepatitis B (which he contracted at that
   hospital during surgery), and I'm here to tell you you don't
   ever want to end up in a VA hospital.  Over the patient rooms
   hang blue, orange, red and pink flourescent signs saying:
   "THIS PATIENT _(name)_ HAS AIDS. AVOID CONTACT WITH BODILY
   FLUIDS. AVOID CONTACTS WITH NEEDLES, RAZORS, BLOOD PRODUCTS..."
   and that's it for protection. They have signs for Hepatits
   B, Pnuemonia, and a whole host of diseases.

   These people are dying alone.  There are very few visitors
   for the dying; it infuriates me to see these people, led along
   by the government, rotting away in dirty beds, dirty halls...
   what really gets me is the last 2 presidents. I hold them personally
   responsible for my grandfather's death.  There is no cure for
   hep b.  As a direct result of the VA budget cuts Bush and Reagan
   used to help balance their budgets (you know, "service cutbacks"),
   this guy is gonna die.  The VA hospital couldn't afford to
   make sure every scalpel was sterile. Image going to a hospital
   for surgery and seeing crusty scalpels, rusty needles... oh
   well. You have to let go at some point and realize this is
   a micro version of what the government has been doing to armed
   forces members for years.

   Did any of you see the TBS movie, "Nightbreaker"?  About the
   Army guys who got nuked, and the doctoral student who loved
   them?  Pretty true stuff. My grandmother said they used to
   be able to watch the nukes go off in Nevada.  Just watch them
   off the back porch, boom, a nuke goes off. And all those army
   guys up there, getting nuked, human lab rats. But this is no
   different from what goes on today...

   I recently found a text file about how the US government started
   AIDS.  It totally reversed my views in this area.  The World
   Health Orginization (WHO) and the NSA both agreed it was in
   the US's best interest to depopulate specific areas of the
   world (Africa) and certain populations (homosexuals, drug users)
   and in certain areas (slums).  Depopulate is another word for
   kill, folks. Viral experts have determined that AIDS is not
   releated to any virus in the green monkey, rather it is a kludge
   of a cow virus and a sheep virus.  The viruses are glued together
   to form... AIDS.  Excerpts:

---This text excerpted from a 57K textfile about AIDS---

"Reduction of the rate of population in these States is a matter of vital US
national security."  [National Security Memorandum, Henry Kissinger]

And we even have a map of those areas in which Kissinger indicates where
depopulation would be desireable.  It's all Third World countries -- it's all
brown people and yellow people, of course.

several published articles from the World Health Organization, written about
the same time, which advocated similar kinds of research toward the
development of "a hybrid virus that could selectively effect the human immune
system."

We also pointed out an incredible coincidence.	The World Health Organization
went into Central Africa in 1972 -- into an area that is known as the "AIDS
Belt" -- and administered a smallpox vaccination to several thousands of
Africans.  This event was followed immediately by the first outbreak of AIDS
on this planet -- a remarkable coincidence -- that was noted as a Front Page
Headline in the London Times, but has never even been mentioned in the US
Media -- never even mentioned.

Another startling fact that was never mentioned in the mainstream media -- the
Hepatitis B Vaccine that was given to several thousand male homosexuals in New
York and San Francisco in 1978.  The fact is, every single person who received
that vaccine contracted AIDS -- every single one of them -- without exception.
That is what the first American victims of AIDS all had in common.  They were
receivers of the Hepatitis B Vaccine.  It is a document fact.  AIDS began in
America in 1978 in the homosexual communities of New York and San Francisco,
immediately following a government-sponsored program of Hepatitis B
Vaccinations.  This is all completely documented -- it is completely true.

In our first program, we made many references to material that you can and
should read, such as the Strecker Memorandum, by Dr. Robert Strecker.  Another
work called "Who Murdered Africa," by Dr. William Douglas.  And an incredible
book called "A Higher Form of Killing," which documents over 500 specific
cases of biological experimentation by our government on an unsuspecting
public.  If you don't think they do "that kind of thing," you are simply
uninformed.

We also read you an official government report from the Royal Society of
Medicine in Great Britain, in which they state unequivocally that "saliva and
blood are vastly more infectious than genital secretions," and "that AIDS
meets none of the criterion of a venereal disease.  That despite the
misrepresentations of the American Medical Establishment and the American
Government, AIDS is not primarily a sexually transmitted disease."  All of
that, according to the Royal Society of Medicine in Great Britain.

---This text excerpted from a 57K textfile about AIDS---
   This text file is available on Lunatic Labs (203) as AIDSGOVT.TXT.
   It's also available on The Phoenix, (812) 466 3478, file area 3.

   They go on about how the goverment killed Dr. Strecker's brother
   for pursuing this info, and how the goverment killed an Illinois
   state legislator for championing the cause.

   Anyways, I think perhaps the goverment, uh, to be frank, sucks.
   This is what they are doing to us.  And VA Hospitals seem to
   me to be the perfect way to... try things out.  People in the
   VA system bought the lies once... why not again?

*/

/*
   Public Enemy: Apocalypse 91... The Enemy Strikes Black
   Review by Ego Maniac

   This is an OK offering by the black radical band of the decade.
   Not on par with earlier jams, but you know. Ice T's OG certainly
   wasn't up to par with Iceberg or Power, but you know.  

   PE cuts some solid jams, though.  NightTrain, By The Time I
   Get To Arizona, More News At 11, A Letter To the New York Post
   are a few of the good jams here. Certainly jeep beats in effect.
   But Get The F--- Out Of Dodge, 1 Million BottleBags, and the
   other censored tracks suck.  Here's a hardcore group censoring
   their own work.  This is like Ice T's OG video: Not at all
   like the album.  Why did PE sell out and censor themselves?
   Radio play is the only thing I can think of.  Shades of Metallica
   here... 911 is a joke was One, soon, we'll have PE & Metallica
   tours... sell outs sticking together. Oh well.

   Terminator X does some seriously righteous cuts on tracks 1,
   2 & 3. Tracks 6 and 8 are pretty good, too.  The Flav is in
   effect on track 12, one of his best (I think it's better than
   911 is a joke, but you know...)  Chuck is hardcore throughout,
   except when he wusses out.  Oh well.  You know....

   I'd rate this album a must have, but you know I'm biased. 
   PE fairly well rules, but... 

   If anyone's seen their videos, let me know about them... I
   want to hear about them before I buy.

*/

/*
   nomeansno * 0 + 2 = 1
   Review by Ego Maniac

   Wow.  This CD rules.  11 tracks of doom from our Canadian pals.
   You just gotta get this CD. Shit.  Psychopunk in effect. I'd
   like to see an Ice T-NoMeansNo album.

*/

/*
   Pink Floyd: Libest Spacement Monitor
   Review by Ego Maniac

   This is a first rate bootleg CD, from Swinging Pig (Luxembourg)
   records.  Embryo, Green is the Colour, Careful with that Axe,
   Eugene, If, and Atom Heart Mother (full length version) make
   up this boot.  It was recorded live at the Playhouse, London,
   Sept 16 1970.

   The sound quality only wavers a few times, and it almost sounds...
   16 track ish.  But you know, it COULD have been a guy with
   a recorder in his pocket... except in 70 we didn't have pocket
   tape recorders to bootleg stuff.  Huh.

   I found it a Headstone Friends, and I've seen it at Rosco's
   and some record store in PurdueVille.

*/

/*
   Terminal City Ricochet Soundtrack
   Review by Ego Maniac

   Huh.  This CD is a mix of hardcore, rappish stuff, and blues
   / acoustic.  Huh.

   In order, we have: DOA's Behind The Smile, a great track from...
   DOA.  The BeatNigs: Television fucking rules. It's kinda rap
   like but not really.  Jello Biafra w/NoMeansNo: Falling Space
   Junk (hold the anchovies) is.. OK.  I, Braineater: Modern Man
   is an OK track from a band I've never heard of. It's kinda
   funny, but you know.  Gerry Hannah: Living with the Lies is
   a cool track. Very cool, if you can get past the music. Kinda
   country. Art Bergman: War Party. Hardcore blues. good track.
   Jello Biafra w/DOA: That's Progress. Off of Jello w/DOA's
   album Last Scream Of The Missing Neighbors, it's ok.  Evan
   John & The H-Bomb: Madhouse.  It's OK.  NoMeansNo: It's catching
   up. OK unless you have the tape, and they cut the song off
   in an odd spot.  The Groovaholics: Pull The Trigger, Sunshine.
   Great Track.  DOA: Concrete Beach.  Rulin.  Keith LeBlanc /
   Jello Biafra: Message from our sponsor / object-subject. Rappish
   version of... you know that track. Ice T used it. Jello uses
   it.  How many versions... but this one is set to a beat.

   The CD casing is pink. This looks like a fucking cool movie
   if I could find it on video. If you know where I can buy this
   videotape, TELL ME DAMMIT.

   ne ways, buy it, it's really good.  If you don't like it, feed
   it to your dog.
*/

/*
   klaus flouride: the light is flickering
   review by Ego Maniac.

   this 9 track cd offering from dead kennedy's ex member is pretty
   good, but if you're after post punk revival stuff, uh, not
   here folks.  this is a good cd, but it kinda drags in spots.
   dancing with shauna grant, plaid shirt, gangbusters, and six
   other tracks make up the cd.

   this is really mellow stuff. it pokes a lot of fun at modern
   music... about the 4th time you listen to it.  track 7 is pretty
   funny.  so is track 5.  you ought to buy this. have i said
   that before?

*/

/*
   Godel, Escher & Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid, by Douglas R Hofstadter.
   Review by Old Pink

   This is a seriously good book.  If you never thought about
   thought before, then this is where you get it. It was written
   by a guy in Bloomington (imagine), and it's really good. It
   focuses a lot on mathmatical incompleteness theory, the math
   of Bach, and the art of Escher.  This is a heavyweight book
   (weighing in at 750+ pages) and is a great read. Plus, it has
   a lot of cool Escher stuff in it.

   So far, I've read 486 pages and perhaps understood 450.  There
   a quite a few tough spots you need to reread a few times to
   get it right, and a few spots where a laptop is handy (testing
   the tortise property of numbers, for example). I also skipped
   about 20 pages of a dialogue about Aunt Hillary. Geez, DRH,
   get with it.  The Dialogues are nifty and kinda cute, but uh,
   hey man, WE GET THE POINT after a while.  We understand Aunt
   Hillary. LAY OFF!

   But it's a good book.  Don't let my incoherency stop you from
   reading it. I've spent the last 3 weeks (and weekends, if you
   wondered where I was) reading this thing.  Good book.
*/
----------------------------------------------


				Roll Your Own 
				-------------
					by Quadrac

  As most of you know, this rag is put out electronically as well as
by paper.  If you want to be widespread with your own rag, then that
is what you have to do if your budget is limited.  In our new, modern
dirty little world, electronic information systems are up in some 
form in just about every country, city, and town.  If you like
to blow your mouth off like we do, why not write your own paper?
It doesn't take much computer knowledge to get your word spread all
over the proverbial hell.  All you have to do is just know someone
with the knowledge to do it.  The only way anything in this world is 
going to get changed, is if we all start saying something.  Be loud 
about it!  Voice your opinion before that right get's completely 
taken away.
  Well, we are here to help you out.  If you don't want to write
your own paper, but would like to get some stuff published, then
send it to us.  If you just want to write us a letter, that's ok
to.  If we think your article fits the format of this newsletter, 
we'll stick it in.  Well print your letters and answer them as well.
If you want to get copies of this mailed to you, then just send us
a couple of stamps.  If you want a year subscription, send us 
5 bucks.

snail mail address:

Out Of Step
P.O. Box 504
Terre Haute, IN
	        47808

netmail:
mawilli@indsvax1 (bitnet)
mawilli@indsvax1.indstate.edu (internet)
leper@judy.indstate.edu (internet)

If your in BBSland, we can be found on The Crowbar Hotel for the time
being.

--------------------------------------------- 

Well, people, this version you have just read or skipped through is the
electronic version.  This is fundamentaly different that the paper issue.
The paper issue is full of cartoons, cool cover art, and several articles
that are not in the electronic issue.  The articles that aren't in it are
the ones people gave to us typed on typewriters (ugh), and not file versions.
Needless to say, we are entirely too lazy to type these in.  Besides, we
feel that you don't get the full effect of the magazine if you don't
have all of the art etc.  So, if you want one, just send us a couple of 
stamps to the above address and you'll get it in the mail...  Hell, we'd
be extremely glad to send you one... the more the merrier eh?

l8r
Us.