                    P r a c t i c a l  @ n a r c h y
                    
                            O  N  L  I  N  E 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Issue 2.1		                                         		        January 1993

An electronic zine concerning anarchy from a practical point of view, to
help you put some anarchy in your everyday life. The anarchy scene is
covered through reviews and reports from people in the living anarchy.

Editors:

Chuck Munson

	Internet       cmunson@macc.wisc.edu
        Bitnet         cmunson@wiscmacc.bitnet
        Postal address Practical Anarchy
                       PO Box 173
                       Madison, WI 53701-0173
                       USA
Mikael Cardell
        Internet       cardell@lysator.liu.se
        Fidonet        Mikael Cardell, 2:205/223
        Postal address Practical Anarchy
                       c/o Mikael Cardell
                       Gustav Adolfsgatan 3
                       S-582 20 LINKOPING
                       SWEDEN

Subscription of PA Online is free in it's electronic format and each
issue is anti-copyright and may be distributed freely as long as the
source is credited.  Please direct subscription matters to cardell at
the above address. 

We encourage our readers to submit articles and to send in bits of news
from everywhere. Local or worldwide doesn't matter -- we publish it.
Send mail to the editors. 

                           E D I T O R I A L S
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

EDIB^HTORIAL
by mikael cardell

Another editorial from the closet? Yes, but this one will be rather
short and my only contribution to this issue. I'll be back in coming
issues, but this particular one collides with a lot of things in Real
Life. Perhaps the birth of our child will be within deadline? If so,
you'll be seeing a little announcement shouting out that I'm a proud
father!

So, besides increasing the population of this crowded planet, what's
mikael up to? I hope you'll notice with the publication of the spunk
press manifesto in this issue. This is what my friend and co-editor
Chuck, myself, Ian Heavens of UK and the holder of anarchy-list, Jack
Jansen will be doing; publishing and distributing alternative
literature in electronic form.

My personal wish is that spunk press will establish a relation with
the Free Access Foundation (FAF) so we can give the blessings of the
net to even more potential readers by establishing free access sites
all over the world. I hope I'll be able to do just this myself as soon
as I get my *grumble, grumble* computers working allright.

I'm also trying to establish contacts with sysops of public access
BBS's to encourage them to carry spunk press material as well as
e-literature from Project Gutenberg and the Online Book Initative. I
would like to see these BBS's as the new (electronic) libraries that,
instead of lending you a book, gives it to you.  Get in touch if
you're a sysop.

Well, get in touch anyway -- we do like feedback, sometimes. I'm out
of here. See you around...

closet% logout

@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
Editorial from the U.S.
State of Anarchy 1993
by Chuck

	Another year has passed, a year that saw the international anarchist
movement continue to grow.  I'm very optimistic about the coming year and
the prospects for more anarchy for the rest of this millenium.  Last year
saw the growth and appearance of many new zine and anarchist projects.  It
also included many changes and probably the natural demise of several
projects.  A successful gathering was held in the Fall in Bloomington,
Indiana and I heard that another was held in southern California.  One
anarchist activist was harassed by the Feds when he made anti-Bush remarks
on the Internet.  Anti-convention demos were held in New York and Houston. 
Anarchy continued to blossom on the Internet, the worldwide electronic
networks of networks.  One of the projects that was created on and will be
available on the Internet is announced elsewhere in this issue.
	While some envious critics, who obviously wear blinders, continue to
herald the death of the anarchist movement, the facts consistently belie
their observations.  As the anarchist movement enters 1993, it's probably
as strong as it was in the early part of this century.  There are thousands
of anarchist activists around the world who are organizing, publishing,
building and doing all kinds of things.  I certainly find it hard to keep
up with all the anarchist literature that I get in the mail.  Interest in
anarchy is higher than it's been in a long time.  I talk to folks in other
cities and they tell me about all the people who show up at their local
meetings.  They're having to beat them off with a stick!  Locally in
Madison, attempts at building a local group and scene have been moderately
successful.  The number of consistent attendees at our local meetings
haven't been high, but there obviously are many self-identified anarchists
and anti-authoritarians around.  The problem is, of course, getting them
motivated and organized.
	So, what is on this anarchist's mind as we enter 1993?  Unity.  I'd like
to see the North American anarchist movement cooperate more.  I'm not
asking for or looking for one big continental anarchist network or
organization.  Calls for such things are foolish.  A big network already
exists, only it doesn't have a name and doesn't need one.  I'd like to see
more tolerance and cooperation among the diverse anarchist groups,
networks, and projects.  I'd like too see fewer nasty put downs of other
anarchists for not being "anarchist" enough.  Sure, criticism is still
needed and useful, but the rumors and name-calling need to stop.  All
anarchists should not be alike--that is the strength of diversity and
diversity is part of the anarchist vision.  We need to tolerate our
differences better.  Some of us are going to do more "violent" direct
action than others.  Some of us choose to be nonviolent.  And we don't have
to choose one way or another.  Tactics and lifestyles and approaches and
tendencies can be part of a spectrum and they can be complementary.
	We need to get beyond thinking in terms of "correct" anarchist options. 
If we expect an anarchist society to be open-minded, let's be open-minded
ourselves.  Who do I support?  I support Anarchy magazine in Columbia and
its wonderful obtuseness at times.  I support the Wind Chill project in
Chicago and their militant attitude.  I support the folks at Social
Anarchism and their scholarly approach.  I support the Love & Rage network
and its growing pains (looks like they are starting to decentralize more). 
I support Dreamtime Village.  I support the Anarchist Youth Federation.  I
support Bob Black and his wonderful rants.  I support John Zerzan and his
writings, even if they give me artist's block.  I support the punk attitude
of the folks at Second Guess zine in Nevaduh.  Hooray for the Emma Center
and the great attitude of Profane Existence.  Life without the folks in
Bloomington would be like life without pizza.  I support Large Larry in San
Francisco.  Three cheers for the folks at Autonomedia and their great
books.  I support the Meander Whatever-Its-Name-Is-Now and those who
espouse nonviolent anarchy.  Go Fifth Estate Go--Beat State!  I
support...many others which space limits who I can include.
	Let's keep those activists on their toes who might become complacent now
"that Clinton is in office."  One activist friend has talked to me about
the drop-off in participation in her progressive group since November.  Hey
folks, Clinton isn't going to change the things that need to be changed,
but hey, maybe I'm preaching to the converted.  Anarchists need to be vocal
in their criticisms of Clinton and his new cronies.  We also should point
out to those fascists who'd want to join us in this that their system is no
better.  It's business as usual for the American empire and this will
become all too clear for more and more people over the next couple of
years.
	In 1993, let's fight those who would keep us marginalized, whether they be
the state, the CEOs, the Left, or those within our own movement.  Hey kids,
I want to see anarchy everywhere.  It's more than just some alternative
hobby or clothing option.  I want to see it gain mainstream acceptance.  I
don't want to have to explain what it is anymore.  I want to see a time
when there is no need anymore for anarchist activists.  I want anarchy and
I want it--now!
	Let's see more anarchist cooperation in 1993.  We are, after all, supposed
to be cooperative!


                    N E W S  &  S C E N E  R E P O R T S
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

subject: Black Panther's parole date set
posted by: autonome forum
--

Sundiata Acoli's Coming Up For Parole

     After 20 long, hard years, Sundiata Acoli, ex-Black Panther,
is coming up for parole in early 1993. Because of his outstanding
achievements, New Jersey Department of Corrections recently
restored all of the "good time" they had taken from him during the
early 70's; which made him immediately eligble for parole. Yet the
parole board plans to give him a 10 year "hit", meaning, "Do 10
more years!" We are asking all people concerned about justice to
write the parole board today, demanding that Sundiata be released
when he comes up for parole. Send personal and form letters and
signature petitions to:

The New Jersey State Parole Board
CN-862
Trenton, NJ
08625 USA
(609) 292 4257

Also send a copy of your letter or petition to:

Sundiata Acoli Freedom Campaign
P.O. Box 5538, Manhattanville Station
Harlem, NY
10027 USA
(203) 966 9048

This will help his attorney, Jill Soffiyah Elijah, (718) 575 4460
(Work); (718) 575 4478 (FAX); (718) 282 3576 (Home), verify to the
parole board that the letters and petitions were sent.

A Bit Of History About Sundiata

     In 1973, Sundiata and Assata Shakur were captured after a
shoot-out on the New Jersey Turnpike during which their companion
Zayd Shakur and a state trooper, Werner Foerster, were killed.
     Following a highly publicized trial, Sundiata was convicted
and sentenced to life at Trenton State Prison. There he was
confined for 5 years in a MCU isolation cell which was smaller then
the SPCA's space requirement for a 90 lb. German Shepherd dog. He
was then secretly transferred over 1,000 miles to the infamous
Federal Penitentiary at Marion, Illinois, although he had no
federal charges or convictions. An entrance physical exam showed
that Sundiata had been heavily exposed to tuberculosis while he was
at Trenton Prison. Even so, for the next 8 years at Marion, he was
confined 23 hours per day in an isolation cell containing only a
stone bed, toilet bowl and sink. Finally in 1987, Sundiata was
transferred to general population at Leavenworth Federal
Penitentiary, Kansas.
     Sundiata has had only one minor disciplinary infraction in the
last 10 years. At Leavenworth he has maintained a straight "A"
average in all his college courses while earning diplomas in both
Desktop Computers and Paralegal Real Estate Law. He has also
received "above average" job-performance ratings and he has worked
7 days per week for the last 5 years as a cellblock janitor.
     Because of his outstanding record, the New Jersey Department
of Corrections recently restored the 2.5 years of "good time" he
had lost while confined in Trenton's MCU Unit; which made him
immediately eligible for parole. Yet the New Jersey Parole Board
plans to "hit" him with 10 more years when he comes up for parole.
For Sundiata, already 56 years old and infected with tuberculosis,
that will amount to a death sentence. Write the parole board today,
and demand that Sundiata be released at his parole hearing.

Books/Pamphlets By Sundiata

Sunviews (Book)                                               $5.00
Bits 'N' Pieces (Pamphlet)                                    $2.50
The Liveright Interview (Pamphlet)                            $2.50
Brief History Of The New Afrikan Prison Struggle (Pamphlet)   $3.00

Prisoner Prices (Payable by cheque, cash or stamps): Sunviews -
$1.00, Any pamphlet - $.60

Add $1.00 to the total amount for postage and handling. Order from
the National Office or the nearest Regional Coordinator.

Sundiata Acoli Freedom Campaign (SAFC)

Co-counsels: Jill Soffiyah Elijah and Nkecki Taifa
National Coordinators: Susan Burnett and Ali Bey Hassan
Operations: Sunni Acoli
Spokesperson: Shiriki Unganisha

National Office

SAFC
P.O. Box 5538, Manhattanville Station
Harlem, NY
10027 USA
(203) 966 9048

Regional Coordinators

New Jersey

Bonnie Kerness
(201) 643 3192
SAFC
972 Broad St., 6th Floor
Newark, NJ
07102 USA

Midwest

Hondo T'chikwa
(312) 737 8679
SAFC
P.O. Box 579154
Chicago, IL
60657-9154 USA

Central

Shiriki Unganisha
(816) 333 9814
SAFC
P.O. Box 5161
Kansas City, MO
64132 USA

West Coast

SAFC
c/o Malcolm X Grassroots Movement
5356 S. Crenshaw Blvd.
Los Angeles, CA
90043 USA

Write to Sundiata!

Sundiata Acoli #39794-066
P.O. Box 1000
Leavenworth, KS
66048 USA
