                      þ Preachers Of Texts [PoT] þ
                           How To Become Elite
                                In Days!
 
                               Written By: 
                                SUiCiDAL

        
        This is basically based on the same thing as my other Text on 
        The Easiest And The Fastest Way To Become A K-RAD HACKER. It's 
        just that after I realeased that Text I thought of a faster way
        to become elite. :) So here it is!

        Ok, So you wanna be elite. As good as it sounds it sometimes isn't
        the best. :) Anyways if ya wanna be elite then the first thing 
        is not to brag to other people of what you've done or know. Don't  
        act like a show off or like a punk ass or your ass will be kicked 
        in minutes and you'll never be elite. Always consider others facts
        and ideas.

        Well back to becoming elite in a day. Now first find someone who
        is really ELiTE but isn't at the top of ELiTEness. :) So ya find
        the guys alias. Apply To TONS of Elite boards using his alias and
        fake info shit. When ya get to the infoform fill it out with 
        bullshit and make it sound like you know what your talking about.
        Try to answer all the Definitions as good as possible and if ya 
        don't know it just press enter. Write a nice little letter to the
        sysop of all the people you know :) (well the alias's you know :)) 
        and how you know everything and you'll supply them with files, 
        messages etc. Now when the sysop looks at ya, he'll see your alias
        and will recongnize it since the guy you took it from is elite. He'll
        right away assume that it's the elite guy and will validate you. 
        If he knows the guy personally then maybe not, but half of the people
        don't know eachother anyways. So you call back to all the boards you
        applied to where the elite guy you stole the alias from wasn't on it,
        and check if your validated. If you are, chat with the sysop or 
        leave him a message if he's not there and ask him to change your 
        alias to something which you've made up. He'll change it, and you'll 
        be on the elite boards now under your own alias. Write messages,
        and u/l files, and d/l them and now you are officially ELiTE! Be
        sure to chat with other elite guys to become more known and to
        start your reputation of being elite.

        Have fun! :) You MR. ELiTE YOU! :)


      
