                        þ Preachers Of Texts þ
                              Presents
                     " Hacking School Computers "
                           " For Dummies "
                               Written
                                 By:
                               SUiCiDAL



        So you go to some cheap school eh? You hate the teachers, the
        principal, vice-principals, and almost everyone in the fucking
        school. All you get to do all day is sit and listen to all this
        stuff which you probably won't use in life anyways. Your taking
        a computer class and they're teaching you how to use Logo-Writer.
        The teacher doesn't even know how to make a batch file and is 
        frustrated with this logo shit. While you just sit and relax, 
        bored with nothing to do but sit there and listen. So let's make
        this more interesting. Teachers, Principals, Vice-Principals 
        probably barely don't even know how to use computers in depth.
        Majority just know the usual " loading up Wordperfect ", and that's
        all. The littlest thing can frustrate them and go nuts. So just
        to make thing's easier for them and to have some fun. Let's screw
        up the computers. Now it's time to see some action of people running
        around the school going " It's not working ", " I can't get it to
        work ", and here repeadious calls to the office for the computer
        teachers. Now first, when ya get to the computers. Sit down, pop 
        in a disk maybe, if there's other people there. Now load up the 
        computer. The computers will probably go to this little shit screen
        because of the network installed. Enter the computer under student,
        Math1, or something. The usual which ya do with your regular class.
        Now go to a program like Wordperfect. It looks simple, and looks
        like your doing an essay or something. Go to the files pull-down
        menu and select " Go to dos ". This will drop ya to dos as you 
        probably already know. Now, your in dos. Schools usually mix up 
        thier hard drives and call them like H:, Z:, F: or something. Not
        the regular C:, D: etc. So if your not in the main drive. Go to it.
        Most likely C:. Once your here, go to a directory which is already
        made. Look if there is any sub-directories. Go to it. Now go to the
        sub-directory and make another sub-directory in the sub-directory
        which your already in and make it related to the sub-directory. 
        Here, Upload a text file, and a virus. On the text file, make it
        as a message so when it loads the computer it will display the 
        message while the virus is fucking up the drive. Say whatever
        you want on it. Improvise and make it good. Like tell off the 
        teachers and shit in it. Once your done that. Find the Batch
        files which load the computer up. Edit the batch file and
        before you see the @echo off command if there is any, put
        " Type Filename.txt ". That's for the filename. Now if there's 
        no @echo off command, then stick that text at the top of the batch
        and add in @echo off on the line underneath it. Then under the
        @echo off add " Virus.exe/com " The name of the virus whatever it 
        is. So it'll run the virus. Now exit the file and make sure you 
        save it. If your pleased just with fucking up the computer then
        just exit back to wordperfect and logout. If ya wanna get access
        to more stuff so that you can fuckup more stuff in the future then
        keep on reading. Now find a drive which has directory names like, 
        teachers/students, or System. Go to these directories and see
        if you can find a file which is named PASSWORD or PASSWRD or PASSWD
        something along those lines. If there's someone in the room then 
        go to your disk and copy the file. If not then your free to print
        it out. This should contain the passwords for all the teachers and
        other login names. So in the future after they fix up the computers
        after your wonderful virus fuckup, you can go back and go into 
        teachers files and stuff :). hehhe... Maybe change some marks :)

        Have FUN! And REMEMBER IMPROVISE!

        Later...

