                      þ Preachers Of Texts [PoT] þ
                      The Easiest, And The Fastest,
                            Way To Become A,
                              K-RAD HACKER
                           
                              Written By:
                               SUiCiDAL


        So ya wanna be a K-Rad Elite Hacker, fast eh?! Well I got your 
        solution right here. 

        First, if ya wanna be a K-Rad Hacker, ya gotta have a cool alias.
        So fiddle around for a bit and think of some cool grusome names,
        and stuff. If your really dumb and still can't think of one. Get
        a list of some elite users and pick a username. You could either
        keep the name or look it up in thesaurus and find a name which 
        means the same thing and may even be cooler than the actual 
        alias you chose it from. Another way is to just scan through the
        dictionary, or various books. I've found that going to your 
        local Book/Comic store helps and scan through all the comics for
        names and I'm sure you'll find a cool one. If ya look at the elite
        users, there are lots with names like Xavier, Wolverine, etc.

        Ok, now ya got your alias. The first thing ya gotta do, is find a 
        list of elite boards. Call everyone up and apply. Make up some crap
        and make yourself look like your awesome. Like when ya get to the
        infoform, put all this bullshit down, like when it asks ya to list
        what bbs's your on, put all the best ones ya know, and be sure to 
        include the areacode. So when your passed lieing your way through
        the infoform, write some crap about yourself to the sysop about
        how you know how to hack vmb/vms/vax/unix/pbx/internet and that you 
        know what the fuck your doing, and say that your hacking one of them
        right now. Generally, the sysop would believe ya, cause it's not like 
        he actually gives a fuck about ya. 

        When your done calling a hundred boards or so, ya gotta wait for 
        about 3 - 7 days, not unless you get in touch with the sysop from 
        the matrix if you page and ya kiss his ass to get on. But, between
        the 3 - 7 day time period, call up the boards and check if ya get 
        access. On the boards you get access too, go chat with the sysop
        and kiss his butt and stuff (he might raise your access and leach
        level :)). After that read the messages and post in nets replying to
        messages. Make up some mumbo jumbo just to keep the conversation 
        going and to make it look like you actually know what the hell your
        talking about. Everyone will see ya and reply back to ya. All of
        a sudden you'll have a reputation, you'll meet other K-Rad Hackers
        and you'll have access to tons of hacking texts and utilities and
        other various files. 

        Now use these files to explore the hacking world. Soon you should
        be into internet and exploring the depths of Datapac, Vaxs, Unix's,
        etc. Be sure to exchange your information in order to get more in
        return.

        You are now a K-Rad Elite Hacker! Enjoy! And remember who made you
        this K-Rad Hacker! Maybe even post me a message thanking me! :)


