                      þ Preachers Of Texts [PoT] þ
                   " Newcomers To The HPACTV Scene "
                         " What's Happening? "
                                  By:
                               SUiCiDAL

        

                Mostly the HPACTV Scene is met by imposters and total 
        assholes. All you see on Elite board Advertisements are Lamers 
        Not Allowed, Lamerz Need Not Apply, over and over again. Now 
        exactly what is a Lamer. A person who has no idea how to Hack 
        or Phreak, is a major asshole or annoying, and is only on PD 
        Boards. Well, you could say that a Lamer is just someone who 
        wants to be Elite. But come to think of it, once upon a time 
        we were all Lame. None of us started Elite now eh? So sometimes 
        why don't we take some guys who we know and get them into the 
        HPACTV Scene. I'm not saying go to some PD board and blab all 
        about HPACTV and shit, but people you know and can trust and 
        are somewhat cool, let's say mature. Teach'em how to do this 
        shit. If we don't the HPACTV Scene will die and we don't want 
        that. 

                Ever imagine that if everyone combined what they knew
        how awesome the HPACTV Scene would be. Think about it, everyone
        in the scene who knows what they're doing would share information
        and know all the loops in society. But it'll never happen, because
        everyone just want's to be better or more " ELITE " than the other.
        So realistically it's just a huge competition. When you stick up
        a BBS all you try to do is make it better than another. You want
        to have the most users, most files, and crap, and if ya don't got
        this then no one calls eh? So I guess everyone needs it. The 
        closest thing which I can see of Hackers and Phreakers working 
        together are in Hack/Phreak Groups. They release info and stuff,
        and actually make people do something, or give people something
        to do. Like usually we'll have these guys who sit there and have
        nothing to do and just read messages and think they're elite. 
        That's where hack/phreak groups release Vax/Vms/Unix/800/PBX etc.
        systems which need to be hacked, and people end up hacking them.
        
