

ÖÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ·
º      Subliminal   Takeover     Of     youR   Mind     vol. 002       º
ÓÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ½
                         ESP and related topics
                             (sorta babble)


        Well, it is four thirty (exactly) in the morning and i have not
been able to sleep...i have been bothered by voices...now, i don't know
if it is just being over tired or because of the headache, i just don't
know the source of these damn voices!  The first one happened when i was
talking to some guy that said he had lolla tickets for saterday...we
were on cyber chat (a south NJ chat board), and we went into private
chat...after a while, we were talking about where we lived and stuff,
then all of a sudden, he stopped typing...that's when i heard the first
voice..."heh" was the first thing it said...then "looooo"...that scared
the shit out of me...it still freaks me out, just typing this, gives me
the feeling it's gonna happen again...i was coming from the family room,
where i had the tv on...but it was on very low volume and the voice was
VERY loud!  Now, i easily get freaked out by "spiritual" stuff cuz i was
born and raised catholic, and in this religion there are lots of spirits
and demons and shit like that...well, i always get jumpy when it comes
to things that seem to be "ghostly" or un-natural, so naturally, i
flipped out...i told Picard of this sound (he was on Cyber Chat at the
time also) and he was joking about it that it was him or some shit...i
don't know, maybe that was just a one time thing...but ever since, like
within the past couple hours, i've been hearing voices behind my head,
like somone is watching me from behind...i HATE that feeling, i get SO
scared...everybody is scared about something, well, i am scared of that
whole "spiritual" thing...everything that goes with it...i can't tell
what they say, but i can tell they are voices...STRANGE feeling...it's
so hard to explain, so hard to even type out, it's a scary type feeling,
but you keep telling yourself that it is an impossibility...blah
        I have had my share of ESP related things so far in my short
life...i have predicted many things by accident, things i would say at
random would actually occur, maybe not immediatly, but soon...the only
example i can think of at the moment has to do with geekfest 1.5
...Now, this is a kinda lame example but it's something...ok, it started
when my parents wanted to do out on Monday night, the 10th or
whenever...i was gonna have to stay home and babysit my little two month
old baby sister...so i complained and tried to come up with an excuse
for not doing it...my friends were planning a big poker game for a long
time now (lame or what?) but i didn't want to say that, so the first
(very first) thing that popped into my mind was Geekfest...now this was
on the saterday before, so i had NO WAY of know about the plans for
geekfest on monday night...you could say it is just coincidence, but i
don't think so, that sort of thing happens too often...
        I also seem to have an unusual amount of Deza Vu's (however you
spell it)...now deza vu's are VERY common and happen to EVERYBODY, but i
seem to be expeiencing several a day, maybe even an hour...it truly
scares me, it bothers me alot because i often pause when i know one is
about to occur, and i go over the series of events in order, as they
happen...it doesn't sem healthy to have as many as i do or to go about
it the way i do, but i can't help it...i for the most part, don't alert
people when i am having one, it sounds stupid anyway...they last from a
split second to several seconds...it is not fun cuz i often get
headaches shortly after and possibly nausious (sp?!)
        I do not like these things and i cannot control them but i do
know that they run in my family...for real, it does, on my mother's
side...my grandmother has explained to me that she has extensive ESP...i
don't know if she can use it or whatever, i have not asked her about it
for years...i know that either my grandmother or great-grandmother had
some sort of bizzarre occurence happen to them...her father was in some
war or was on vacation or something very far away...he was dying or
something and he started screaming in one of the walls of her
bedroom...i don't remember how the story really goes but that is the
basic idea...this is freaking me out...plus, my great-grandmother has
come to my mom in several dreams on occasion...my mother once thought i
was a re-incarnation of her grandfather...strange but probable...i have
inherited most of his traits...he was a great painter and writer and i
like to think that i excel in both areas (except spelling)...my great
grandmother was also a great painter, she left me ALL of her supplies
when she past away, i just never actually tried them out...
        Blah...well, i think i'm gonna sign off for now...i can't think
of too much else to say about this stuff...well, i want to know
something...please, all of you that read this, send me mail or some
other form of response to my next question...:  Are you afraid of death
and what is after it, if there even is an afterlife?  I want to know
what you people think because i am scared shitless about what is after
"here"!  I hate to think that there is nothingness!  If someone kills
me, i would so incredibly angry!  I would be so pissed, i want to do
everything there is to do "here" before i die, just in case...

          Well, i'm outa here...hope to be typing to you soon!

               (shout outs this time...just not too many)

Tal Meta - For letting me know that in future tfiles that i should have
a point to them!  Plus for haveing the GREATEST board around here!  Plus
for posting STORM.000 on Godnet...Thanx
                       (no asskissing intended!)
Ffejtable? - For also reminding me to have a point and to not wander in
circles while typing...Plus for haveing the /<00LEST board around!
                     (files galore, gamers dream!)
And ANYBODY ELSE that has read my other files...this one had more of a
point and didn't babble (too much anywayz), but i sorta had fun writing
this one...

            ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
            º                                              º
            º        (GeekFest 1.5.1 = GEEKY!  <g>)        º
            º  All of the above text was TRUE and SINCERE  º
            º All text written by Zodiac (aka BiONiC FLEA) º
            º              08/12/92 (i think)              º
            º                                              º
            ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼

