

靈컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴캠
      Subliminal   Takeover     Of     youR   Mind     vol. 000       
聃컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴캭
                             General Babble

        Well, it's friday night around two thirty in the morning and i
have nothing to do...I was sitting up trying to figure out something
great, like something to draw or write or maybe even a game idea, then
it hit me...i had come to a name, Subliminal Takeover...I thought that
was a good name for anything...i don't know what, maybe a game or a
tfile group or a BBS or just a handle...most tfile groups have some kind
of nifty "short name" like TANJ (There Ain't No Justice) and PPP
(Phucked Preak Productions), well i was trying to find somekind of
ackronym...The best i could do was STORM, Subliminal Takeover Of youR
Mind...kinda lame but i liked the subliminal takeover part...I wanted to
use that somewhere...

        Anyway, i would probably be on some board right now leeching or
some other unspeakable act...i try to post more often now because i am
starting to get the satisfaction...i never realized to importance of
posting before...it is much more "respectable" than leeching or being a
door lamer, so i decided to give it a try...luckily, i knew a couple of
people in the bbs world and started conversation with them on the local
boards and soon became to enjoy posting regularly on TANSTAAFL and all
of the other GODnet boards...(by far, GODnet is superior to the others,
it is very local and everybody knows who they are talking to)...then i
came across Cyber Chat, what a great place!  The first night i was on
there, i stayed for mayber three hours talking to the tomsriver
bbs'ers...i really didn't know too many people that first night and soon
i was dubbed "zippy"...(remember that?)...well, that night, i knew that
C/C was a great thing...it was such a great idea, i try to call
everynight there...(i do not have a working "paid" acount there as of
right now but within the next couple days, i should be paid)..I always
say that i will pay for an account but i haven't gotten to it yet...i am
gonna send in my money as soon as possible now because of the derfism
that seems to be on whenever i am not...i want to witness these derfs in
the act and maybe appear in Tal's buffers!

        Anyway, i am writing this file for lack of a better thing to
do...i always wanted to write one of these but never got around to it
because i never had anything to write about but i think i am do just
fine babbleing about nothing...i would probably be on Ffej's board,
leeching to new game or something goofy like that...lately on Tal's
board, i have been coming close to my time limit before i am done
in the message bases!  That has never happened to me before and i think
that i am progressing into a higher level of bbs'er...i am GREATLY
enjoying posting and reading messages now...it may seem very childish
and foolish but it is very true for me...i used to only leech and play
doors and stuff like that not too shortly ago...

        I was thinking of setting up a bbs not too long ago...I had
renegade (latest version at the time) and all sorts of utilities
including Ffej's stuff like Fjwant and Fjlist...i had everything i
needed except either another computer or a multitasking computer...I
wanted to be able to have the bbs up all the time and still be able to
use it for whatever i wanted it for, but i only had a 286/12 (that's
what i'm writing this on)...I also needed another modem for calling
boards and stuff...it was gonna be called Atomic Fuzzballs On The
Loose...that name did not work, so then i changed it to Acme Anvil Co.
...i soon abandoned all hope for getting a bbs up and running in the
near future so i just completely forgot about it and never worried about
it again...besides, it would be hard to get a board up and earn
respectable users and not just the everyday modem geek...

        Blah blah, i seem to be babbleing about nothing quickly...well,
i wanted to get what was on my mind out and in the open...umm, i really
think that pos is the ULTIMATE Derf!  He is incredinly stupid and
strangely intriqueing (sp?!)!  I don't know what it is but i want to
learn more about him...Oh yeah, call him really early in the morning
around two or so and stay on the line without saying anything, or even
better, call him in the modem and set your redialer to hang up after
about a minute and then call back...he gets really pissed off and
sometimes his mom picks up the fone, then SHE gets REALLY mad!
Everybody should do it at least once, i normally think that this form of
harrassment is incredibly stupid and is very imaginativly limited but in
this case, with twenty or so people doing it, it is fun...maybe we could
take turns every other night or something like that...whatever...

        Well, in case you didn't know it already, Zodiac is writing this
file...I'm not sure if i should change it or not, i've been wanting to
do it for quite sometime now...I would most probably change it to The
BiONiC FLEA but some people have other suggestions like Zoidac and Zod
and Zorblick and an assortment of others...I think i will change it to
BiONiC FLEA...i tried to change it last nite on cyber but it doesn't
allow multiple part names...that sux...blah

        Well, i was writing this to let the general tomsriver public
(mostly GODnet people) bbs users know that am a starving
proggrammer...I've done a ton of basic two programming (which doesn't
say much) on the c64 and i have upgraded to the ibm so i want to use the
HIGHER languages like C and Pascal...i am writing this in hopes that i
could join some kind of local "group" or progamming peoples get
together that exchange ideas and programs and hints and general shit
like that...i want to learn from the learned...i mostly want to know how
to do the higher math stuff like fractals and complex art...i am a
starving artist and music lover too...i need to find some REAL music
like screaming trees for example...i try to draw and paint as much as i
can but i am usually stuck on what top do...when i do create, i do magic
(not to be egotistic or anything), i think that i can do great stuff if
i have the right tools and knowledge of how to use them...

        I am crying out to the public to help me...i would like to join
ANY group that could help me out...I know that tho groups are few and
far in between nowadays but if you are reading this, please upload it
everywhere that is local to you...i need your help...i really want to
program and i have a basic understanding of how to get some jobs
done...

        My name is Zodiac or BiONiC FLEA, depending on when you are
reading this file...if there is a Zodaic or BiONiC FLEA on a board you
are on, then send me mail and let me know you read this, let me know if
you can help me out or know how i can get into contact with someone who
can...I am in the (908) calling area in New Jersey and i live in
TomsRiver...chances are that if you call a TomsRiver board, i'll be on
there...if you need my number, you can get it from any sysop...



        Thank you for reading this file, i know that i had a good time
writing it...if i get a considerable response to this one, more may
follow and hopfully with more writers and more ideas and maybe even a
theme that is consistent throught the whole file!

        Almost every tfile i know of has some kind of "greetz" or "Shout
outs" at the end of them...i don't know too many people around here but
i'll say hi to you guys anywayz...if i forget to mention you, don't take
it personally, i'm tired and i've forgotten a lot of things in
here...welp, here i go:

        Tal Meta - Thanx for even letting me on your board...i know that
                   i was in-active for a long while but you never
                   deleted me for it...thanx, without you and your
                   message bases and tfile sections, i would have no
                   desire to write this or post any messages EVER!
                   P.S.  When are you gonna call me about the
                   motherboard?  <g>
        Ffejtable - For having a truly great board also...and for
                    supplying me with Turbo Pascal...
        Midnite - For being you...i don't know you too well but i
                  figured, what the hell...FUCK THE NEW WORLD ORDER!
                  BTW: Have you sold those lolla tickets yet?
        Oddwizard - Another guy i don't know too well, just figured
                    i'd say hi...Do you think you could get me a job
                    at Comic Relief?  <g>
        Subroc - For being a truly great DR driver!  Sorry if anything
                 happened with your mom!
        Marauder - For being at DR...(i couldn't think of anything)
        Picard - For having a good board that isn't up all the time
                 (ARGH!)
        Hairy Leech - For possibly taking this damn computer off of
                      my hands!  Please, buy it, i need to money!
        And to anybody else that i had forgotten - Sorry!  I didn't mean
                      to forget you...blah

        I hope all of that didn't sound like one of Pos's feeble
ass-kissing attempts!  I was just showing my appreciation...blah

        Well, that does it for STORM.000 ...There might be more on the
way, hopefully there will be, or maybe i could just write in TANJ or
something...i really want to do this again...this was fun...it might
have been lame but it was fun...

        BTW:  I can't spell for my life!  I might read over this and
make the corrections...

              All text written by Zodiac (aka BiONiC FLEA)
                                08/08/92

