

  ‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹
 ﬁTable of Contents›
  ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
 Staff List    : "Those who drink lots of beer" : By Alcoholics Unanimous
 The Editorial : "Who Put Pee Pee In My Poop?"  : By Sed
 Information   : "People to Send Mail Bombs To" : 
 Article:      : "MTV's 3 Steps of Punkness"    : By Deaf Jesus
 Article:      : "This IS Punk Angst"           : By Deaf Jesus
 Article:      : "Selling Your Soul for Bux"    : By Code13
 Lyrics        : "Energy"                       : By Operation Ivy
 Guitar Tab    : Mommy, Can I Kill Tonight?     : By The Misfits
 

 Staff List

 Editor: Sed (E-Mail Address: sedative@escape.com)

 Writers:
 Deaf Jesus (E-Mail Address: someone get him one!)

 Code 13 (E-Mail Address: burkem@iglou.com)

 Bludzy (E-Mail Address: bludzy@cloud9.org)

 Mascot: EMS (His quote: Whites are teh superior race & we shouldn't let
 anyone who disagrees say anythin) (E-Mail Address: root@kkk.in.2nd.grade.org)


------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Who Put Pee in my Poop?

     Well, this is the first issue of This Zine Sucks. Why did I decided to
get off my lazy ass and write a e-zine? Several reasons. First off, I was
sick & tired of watching the electronic zine scene die, with in the last 6
month magazines like HOE, PEZ, Milk & Tea, GASP, ROT & others die, along with
such great boards as MogelLand, Goat Blowers Anonymous, The Obloid Sphere,
Green Eggs & Spam, etc. So this is just my little contribution to keep the
boat afloat. Also, I used to write a paper zine called "Serial Killer Day
Care", which I can no longer print due to lack of funds & creative ways to
scam Kinko's. And that zines spirit & stuff will just be transmitted onto
TZS.
     Besides, one of my few philosophical things is that I feel information
should be free & disseminated, and it is 1000x easier to do that on a
computer, where recieving this zine is completely free & should generally
take under a minute & can be read by anyone with any computer, rather then by
mail where you would be subjected to postage costs, possible stealing by the
post office, waiting a week or more, etc. Viva la computadora. So, without
much more ado here is This Zine Sucks: The Bullshit .TXT for the chemically
unbalanced
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fun Fact: KISS's Paul Stanley is son of 2000 Flushes inventor Al Eisen
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       "People to Send Mail Bombs To"


Christian Anti-Communist Crusade
2777 E. Sixth St, Box 890
Long Beach, CA 90801-0941

These "Christians" are all for being the nazis the communists fought. These
guys are the true Anti-Americans


America's Promise
Lord's Covenant Church Inc.
PO Box 5534, Phoenix, AZ 85010

Our favorite sickening Christian Identity scumbags


Church of the Creator
PO Box 400
Otto, NC 28763

Another group of Christian Identity dorks, except these guys have scarily
slick paper


Moral Majority
PO Box 190
Forest, VA 24551

Their morals sure aren't moral. God bless America. Just as long as God's self
styled interpeters don't throw me into a jail for what I think


National Socialist Movement
PO Box 42, Chillicothe, OH 45601

Sieg Hiel, I mean God Bless America!


Scriptures for America
P.O. Box 766-c
LaPorte, CO 80535

One more Christian Identity group, except with a amazingly scary WWW presence.


(Note: I tried to find the PMRC's address desperately, but I couldn't. But if
you find their address, send a little bomb for me)


When you got more addresses, feel free to send 'em to any This Zine Sucks
member. Remember, the only good fascist is a dead fascist.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Quote: "Great thinkers will always encounter violent opposition from mediocre
minds" - Albert Einstein
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                "Mtv's...
                             3 Step Plan to be an
                             ohh soo COOL PUNK
                                Rocker..."

                                by Deaf Jesus

1. Start listening only to the bands we show over and over until you want to
   puke (Greenday is a good start)

2. Go buy some hair dye and die your hair blue or green right away to show
   how much of a rebel you are.

3. Now go to a concert and prove your a punk rocker by kicking ass in the pit.
   Remember that moshing isn't about getting out your aggressions, its more
   importantly about beating the shit out of the innocent guy next to you,
   like a big fist fight with music in the background. The harder you punch the
   person, and the more blood of their's that they see, the more they will
   respect you and know you are cool. Just look at Jocks for example. They do
   this and just look how cool they are. So go in swinging, and you'll have
   a really fun time.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fun Fact: Ronald Wilson Reagan = 6 6 6
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

its kinda funny, ya know. everywhere i go now all i see are kids dyeing their
hair, wearing chain wallets,  but they dont get it. they think they are
rebeling by doing this,  but they are too dumb and nieve to understand that
that they arent rebeling against shit. THEY ARE ONLY CONFORMING. They're dumb
because they arent trying to be different from everyone else, they are trying
to be JUST like everyone else. Right before MTv shoved Greenday and Offspring
up everyone's asshole these bastards were making fun of all the kids in their
school that tried to be different. But as soon as they see that MTv thinks its
cool to be different, then it must be cool to be different. First Mtv exploited
the whole Seattle/Grunge phenomenon (there are still assholes to this day that
think Nevermind is Nirvana's first album) and made flannel's the coolest thing
to wear. Now its time to go buy some hair dye and dye your hair. One day they
dress like a prep, the next day a hoodlum, today a punk. Not to say that i am
"Mr. Almighty Punk Rocker" but it isnt just a fuckin fashion, it's a way to
think and live, but these dumb asses dont get it at all. The main idea (and
whole point) of dyeing your hair was because it would seperate you from those
that followed others. Nowadays there is no point to doing it, because your just
gonna end up looking like and following others. As my friend put it the other
day, "the only way to be alternative now is to be normal." The sad thing is,
he's so right. Go anywhere outside your home and know what you'll see? Either
a bunch of Billy joe wannabee's or Hole chicks ). Thats all there really is now (Ded Note. check the included "MTv's 3 step plan to be an oh soo cool punk rocker").
Plus, this feeling of "i'm cool cause i latch on to someone else's indivuality"
is starting to get contagious. Before, if you saw someone wearing a pair of
Airwalks or Simples (Skateboarding sneakers) you could totally get into a
conversation with them about skating and it would seem you just made a new
friend. But now, if you see someone wearing these sneakers and you go up to him
and say "Hey, do you skate?" the only response you'll get back is a blank
expression and a "No!" that makes you feel like you insulted their stuck up
asses for asking them that. Foot Locker, Athlete's Foot, everywhere you just
see skating shoes. Companies are starting up just to imitate skate shoes
(Skechers for instance look almost exactly like Simples) but of course these
shoes aren't built for skating, and probalbly rip after two seconds of using
them. Sorry for all this "holier than thou" bullshit but its been getting
to me lately. It seems like everything is getting commercialized and once that
happens then your gonna start suffering. I mean, look at computers and the
internet(ohh boy here we go again). Before everyone jumped on the bandwagon,
you didnt have to worry as much about assholes going after you for .gif's or
threatening to watch and make sure that you dont say anything obscene or out
of line in your Email. Yeah well, if any of you red-neck, bible touting
politicians get a chance to read this...fuck off, Fuck off, Fuck Off, FuCk OfF
FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF FUCK OFF.....

         ....and....


                FFFFFFFFFFFF uu     uu   CCCCCCCC KK     KK
                FFFFFFFFFFF  UU     UU  cC        KK   KK
                FFF          UU     UU  CC        KK  KK
                FFFFFFFFF    UU     UU  CC        KKKK
                FFF          UU     UU  CC        KK KK
                FFF          UU     UU  cC        KK   KK
          ......FF            UUUUUUU    CCCCCCCC KK     KK
                                                               
                       OOOOOOOOO   FFFFFFFFFFFF FFFFFFFFFFFFF 
                      OO       OO  FFFFFFFFFFF  FFFFFFFFFFFF   
                      OO       OO  FFF          FFF            
                      OO       OO  FFFFFFFFFF   FFFFFFFFFF      
                      OO       OO  FFF          FFF             
                      OO       OO  FFF          FFF              
                       OOOOOOOOO   FF           FF           ........    

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fun Fact: YES, SED HAS NOT EDITED THIS ISSUE AT ALL. I PROMISE #2 WILL BE LESS
IDJIT-LOOKING. OH WELL. OY VEY.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        FUCK! GOD DAMN THIS SUCKS! I THINK I GONNA FUCKING THROW UP! Jez
this feels like fucking snot and boogers, these oysters are the most FOUL
thing i have ever had to touch. IF I ONLY HAD A FUCKING DECENT JOB, My life
would be so much better. I wouldnt have to do this shit anymore. I wouldnt
have to sell myself out daily just so i could pay the mother fucking
landloard(slumlord.) I work my ass off doing somthing i totally despise for
what? What common satisfaction do i get from working, lets see: 1. i dont
live with my parents, but my parents are cool as shit. 2. i can buy beer, i
could buy beer with all the money i wouldnt spend on bills. 3. its what you
are supposed to do. WHAT?  My problem isnt with working as you would
probably disagree with me right now, but my problem is that i have to do
somthing that i despise so deeply and aggresively that when i come home
every fuckin day i could sit here and shed tears for all the carcus i sling.
If you cant tell by now i work in a restaurant. I have worked in restaurants
all of my life and i cant take it anymore. It makes me sick daily, to sit
and eat lunch with the hands that just fingered through the dead flesh of
chickens, oysters, fish etc... I have a problem with the system that is
supposed to help us get an education, but instead has turned its back on its
youth. In this country today at the rate we are going we will have built
more prisons than schools by the year 2010. A country were even the
corperate thiefs that stole it in the first place have noticed because they
have no one to hire. Where the prisons are supposed to reform people instead
they deny the right to an education, for that mater, we are all being denied
the right to an education. 
        These are somre of the things i think about in the coarse of my day.
I think these things and wonder "well fuck burke, thats it! society and life
has nothing to offer me," As i grow up, daily i think these things to
myself. The fact of the mater is that society does not have anything to
offer me, nor my friends, and the same with almost everyone around me. The
guy i walked past on the street a little while ago, he has not a reason to
look into the future and see promise. That is my problem, that is why i
fight the idea that im supposed to grow up into this respectable citizen,
but in whos eyes will I be respectable. The eyes of the police and a judge,
the eyes of my parents and my girlfriend, or maybe the eyes of Jesus Christ.
You know what? I bet if there is a god, i seriously doubt hes worrying about
the type of citizen im gonna be. Hmm? And what about the Police, the police
for raping and killing and beating, what do ouur pears think of these
people, well maybe not people, cause we all know people dont do those things
right? The T.V. told me that only evil people do those things, that these
people will  see hell for those kind of actions. Hmm? I dont see how going
to a police academy is going to keep these people innocent. It wont in my book! 
        If there was justice somone would save the women and children from
the serbian troops. Somone would stop the illegal desacrration of our
homelands. If there was justice somone would step out from a shadow say "HI!" 

I have no idea what i just wrote about but it is what rambels around in my
head. Print it if you want, if not dont. I UNDERSTAND.

                                                                        
NO COMPRIMISE IN DEFENSE OF OUR EARTH!
                                                BURKE

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fun Fact: The World Bank's UPC Code is 666
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@ARTIST: Operation Ivy

@ALBUM: contains: 
   Lookout 10 Op Ivy ENERGY LP
   Lookout  3 Op Ivy HECTIC LP
        and two cuts from
   MRR 2 TURN IT AROUND Compilation

SIDE 1

@SONG: KNOWLEDGE
  I know that things are getting together
  When you can't get the top off from
the bottom of the barrel,
  Wide open road of my future now...         
  It's looking fucking narrow.
All I know is that I don't know nothing.
We get told to decide.
Just like as if I'm not going to change my 
mind.
All I know is that I don't know nothing.
Whatcha gonna do with yourself,
Boy better make up your mind...
Whatcha gonna do with yourself boy, 
You're running out of time.
This time I got it all figured out:
All I know is that I don't know nothing...
And that's fine.

@SONG: SOUND SYSTEM
(Chorus)
Sound System gonna bring me back up
One thing that I can depend on.
Try to describe it as a limit of my ability;
It's there for a second 
Then it's given up what it used to be.
Contained in music somehow more than just sound,
This inspiration coming and twisting things around
Because you always know that it's gonna have to go.
You always know that you'll be back in the cold.
Point of departure sublimated in a song
It's always coming to give me that hope
for just a second then it's gone but!
(Chorus)
Static pulse inside of music bringing us escape.
It's always temporary, changing nothing in it's wake...
Just a second where we're leaving all this shit behind.
Just a second but it's leaving just this much in mind:
To resist despair, the second makes you see...
To resist despair, because you can't change everything...
To resist despair, in this world is what it is to be free.
(Chorus)
  Wake up turn my box on,
  Bust the shade, let the sun in.
  Times getting tougher 'bout time to start runnin'
  Box in my hand music by my side,
  Skankin' to the rhythm of the music by my side.

@SONG: JADED
Something breaks inside of you
With the spectacle of all the shows
With fifteen fights and your six bucks
Has gone up some promoters nose.
Jaded eyes see clearly, but only half of what's there
Good old days are left behind, what's left is boredom and despair.
But sometimes every once in a while...
It's beautiful, I would say, I wouldn't have it any other way,
If I said different, it would be a lie.
What was once rebellion is now clearly just a social sect,
But are you just upset because your own social clique has left
Leave when you want, because I know that someday I will too
But I won't burn my bridges and be just another jaded fool!

@SONG: TAKE WARNING
Stand by your friends, wrong or right
Can't call that justice when it's just a stupid excuse to fight.
Single out and attack the ones who got no defense.
You call that a new way of thinking, I call it regression to ignorance.
Take warning
There's a new generation coming
And we really got to stand up to them.
Nobody's got a thing against you
Unless you've got something to prove.
We don't need no set of standards,
We don't need no new set of rules.
Heard all that shit before
About stomping out any difference.
We say stand together!
(Not to fight just to exist)
Take warning
Intimidation coming
And we really gotta say no to them.
Enough is enough is enough!
We don't you just ease up!
I saw another beat down last night, take warning,
Who's the next to hit the ground tonight?
take warning.

@SONG: THE CROWD
Wrenched into the world, deanesthetized,
Blurry images fight their way through halway opened eyes
Awakened by alarm, fifteen minutes of hygiene
Twenty minutes of eating, thirty seconds to the door.
I looked outside, I looked into the eyes
Of the impersonal mob I've seen a thousand times before
Feeling under covers like books on a shelf,
If we're scared of one another,
Must be scared of ourself, 
More than just another crowd, we need a gathering instead.
  Drink drink in the badland, liquid bread for the poor
Another member of the crowd goes down to drown at the liquor store
Choose your escape in the heartland
Of products and demand when you feel like a wasp in the swarm
You gotta get away any way that you can.
(Chorus)

@SONG: BOMBSHELL (Lyrics by Jesse and Lint) 
Down in south Oakland
Off East 14th it's raining.
Six A.M. on sunday and the bums are praying
Met her at a party we were drunk, now we're sober
She said it's cold got long walk home come over
She's a bombshell
I've retraced my steps a thousand times,
Seems like I've spent hours asking all my friends about her.
Been six months but I'll never be the same:
Nobody remembers her name
She's a bombshell
(Chorus)

@SONG: UNITY
  There's a war goin' down between my brothers tonight,
  I don't want no war goin' down tonight.
Civilization? Ha! I call it as I see it.
I call it bullshit! You know, I still cannot believe it
Our evolution now has gone the way of hate
A world evolved resolved into its stupid fate.
Stop this war!
All so different yeah, I say we're all the same
All caught, you know, in the division game.
Self destruction fast impending like a bullet.
No one can stop it, once it's fired, no one can control it.
Stop this war!
A final word, wait it's not a call to action
We ain't no sect, we ain't no fucking faction.
Unity, Unity, you've heard it all before,
This time it's not exclusive we want to stop a war.
Unity as one, stand together,
Unity, evolution's gonna come!

@SONG: VULNERABILITY
I saw this guy go down
Wasn't time for fear
Before his body hit the ground.
(Chorus)
  Our vulnerability is all our insensitivity.
Car that hit him pulled to a stop.
Driver hid the bottles.
He anticipated cops.
(Chorus)
Crowd assembled to take a look at death.
Shattered skull fragile body
Blacktop running red.
(Chorus)
People looked bored
Like expecting more
People looked bored like expecting more.
(Chorus)
And sympathy is only friendship's whore, you know,
And maybe we don't know who we are anymore.
Another spectacle, and it's respectable
To take it lightly like another TV show.
So desensitized, so dehumanized
Why stop and think when you can find someplace to go.
We're drowning...
(Chorus)
And it's gonna be the death of us just you wait and see

@SONG: BANKSHOT
(Instrumental)

@SONG: ONE OF THESE DAYS
(Traditional)

@SONG: GONNA FIND YOU
Well I saw this kid get beaten because he was out of luck
In the lottery of acceptance in the school of growing up.
Saw a bunch of convincts doing time inside a cage,
Got locked in factories within the school paid wage.
(Chorus)
Saw this boy so strung out that his body sweats and shakes 
From his field education in the school of cheap escape.
Got told the school of human thinking teaches only truth
and one of its educations is gonna find you
(Chorus)
Saw a civilization where grabbing onto wealth
was the only guarantee of freedom peace and health.
Dollar sign value system upheld as the truth,
and if you can't find a place it's gonna find you.
Saw the paranoid response to all of the examples
of the ones that don't fit in this way of living getting trampled.
Success is obedience to a structured way of life,
you can't ignore the structure because we're all within its sight!

@SONG: BAD TOWN (Lyrics written & sung by Lint)
They call it a scene, I call it disaster
Down here the kids grow up faster
Scared, they're scared to the bone
Like a pack of wolves they don't run alone
One on one they won't look you in the eye
But when the pack's together there's battle cry
I saw it 15 on one
When the crowd dispersed the kid was done.
(Chorus)
No (no more)
Bad (bad town)
No more bad town.
Yeah, down there you gotta have a label
Just like cattle in a stable
Knee jerk reaction, I call it violence
Why speak out when you could be silenced
Down there out on the dance floor
Too much violence, I don't want more
Down there, out on the street
I can see the air, I can see the heat.
(Chorus, etc...)

@SONG: SMILING
At the party, at the bus stop, at the bar
You're lookin' at women because your score is under par
When you find her, it dosen't mean anything.
You wonder why your life is so boring.
A mind is a terrible thing to waste
You would gladly waste it just to save face.
Her desire is your wish, without it you are lost 
Integrity is fragile but you ignored the cost.
Smiling when your friends are watching you.
One night stand, car keys in hand, 
You've fulfilled your gender's sexual demand.
Are you feeling insecure and empty,
When you're rushing to report it to your peers!?!?

@SONG: CAUTION
Caution is a word that I can't understand
C-A-U-T-I-O-N was a word I could not
understand.
Walked the dog with a real short leash,
turned around saw the dog walk me.
Stainless steel and painted glass give me 
pulse like a hammer and mind to match.
No relief, no food, no sleep, 
when you're king for a day
you're whore for a week.
(Chorus, repeat verse, chorus)
I didn't get it then
I think I got it now
Caution my friend
Don't step in the water 'till you know you can swim.

SIDE 2

@SONG: FREEZE UP
Empty factories to the east and all our waste,
The shape of things that came shows on the broken worker's face.
To the west you'll find our silicon promised land where machines
relace our minds for systematic profit plans.
The course of human progress staggers like a drunk-
Its steps are quick and heavy and its mind is slow and blunt.
I look for optimism but I just don't know.
Its seeds are planned in a poison place where nothing grows.
It's 1989 stand up and take a look around 
Weather's bitter tension it seems is sinking down.
Drunk with power and fighting one another every hour
Shows the winter getting harder.
There's a freeze up coming.
One nation stands the tallest radiating blinding light,
Plastic and flourescent energy robbing us of sight-
Set in our way, content with our decay,
We wave the flag of freedom as we conquer and invade-
Ever ask yourself where's my place in this hell?
But no one's there to tell you 'cause they don't know themselves
The well rehearsed lines from our elated politicians
No longer offer solace, we can see the self destruction
(Chorus)
Just one political song to drop into the list this is years and years long!

@SONG: ARTIFICIAL LIFE
He's got a song about some love that's gone away.
Sometimes his eyes shed tiny teardrops when he plays.
His touching ballads are just sitting there to buy.
They call it music, but it seems more like a lie.
Artificial life in the market place.
Epic ballads by the musical whores.
Life is boring so project theirs on to yours.
Hear the anthems of the Pepsi Generation.
See the martyrs of our spiritual degradation.
Artificial life in the market place.
American culture disneyland freakshow,
Screen in your living room,
A window for your tomb.
If you can't compare the world sitting there
Repress your insecurities, watch and escape.
Give me artificial, give me superficial,
Give me a commercial life that can't be bought.
This I say to you, what I say is true:
Emotions aren't a product to sell and cannot be consumed.
  Coming attraction, it's coming real soon,
  Prince is having brunch with Pat Boone.
  Want to know where all the bullshit goes,
  it goes down the sewer to be disposed.

@SONG: ROOM WITHOUT A WINDOW
The position being taken is not to be mistaken
For attempted education or righteous accusation.
Only a desription, just an observation of the pitiful condition of our
degeneration.
Walls made of opinions, through which we speak and never listen.
Ceiling made of pride, vicious and self satisfied.
Door that's made of rage, hard and slowly aged.
Always closing tighter with every war that's waged.
Room without a window can't see out...
Floor is made of lives, we'd gladly end to stay inside.
Corner's made of borders, borders made of law and order,
Painted with the words of politicians and religion,
Plastered with the wreckage of our cultural division.
Room without a window...
(Toast break)

@SONG: BIG CITY
Concrete and chaos rise up
Spiderweb across the land
Like a giant rash.
Forests lie down below
Foundations of buildings in a bed of ash.
Some people here got it real good,
'cuz the glass towers bring prosperity.
Other people starve in the street 
Because concrete knows no sympathy.
Big city, it's a wishing well.
Big city, it's a living hell.
This town, it's fucking insane:
How one will starve and another will gain.
Like a giant mechanical brain,
and the people are cells and the streets are sits there stark, gray and cold.
(Chorus)
And I think I wanna be a brick layer.
So I can put another brick in the wall.
it's sanitary, rational, happy and sane.
Growing like a flower to surround us all.
(Chorus)

@SONG: MISSIONARY
I start it, I end it, I kill and words will defend it.
Got big plans, blood stained hands 
Wanna see my name on the map.
On my way to save the world.
Got a brand new set of words, the going rate is cheap,
Unconditional devotion, unquestioning belief.
Words carved in stone, chiseled in with sharpened bones
Of the ones who thought my righteousness was something to oppose.
Can you see the flag?  Rising up beyond the smoke
Of dying authors burning books, there was a problem with what they wrote.
The flag is hard to read because all flags start to look the same 
when covered with the blood of the faithless and insane.
Man of many names, but the motives stay the same...
My actions are a means to an end
My actions are a means to...

@SONG: JUNKIES RUNNING DRY
I always looked up to the ones who walked away
Choosing themselves over preset ways
Of looking at a future that had no room for the questions they lived for
Always knew I never could have walked away myself
My self worth was beyond any help 
And I didn't care to test it against the rejection I had seen before
But those I loved so much, they got caught in the game.
Like junkies running dry, the vulnerability, 
They're always there on time
We're never satisfied like junkies running dry.
This wonderful generosity
A third of our lives to do what we please
Dosen't look that great to me, in fact it dosen't even look fair.
They call it youthful idealism
And even I would have to agree with them
Except some of us grow up and it's still there.
(Chorus)
I grow up too slow, I don't wanna go...
But now I'm workin' just like everyone else,
But I'll get outta here

@SONG: HERE WE GO AGAIN
  It's not the ending, it's the beginning
  The ground is moist and it rained last night.
  Smells like smoke, and it smells so clean
  The sun is shining down like a friendly white light
  Here we go again
Analyzed the world I was born into, but I never could understand
Knew I never wanted to grow up if that menat being a "man"
Dominating strict competition is the meaning of our lives
Stomping on the weak keeps up the winner of the battle in our minds
Tentions in our lives that are destroying our minds 
Unite themselves together to make our conciousness blind
Condition to self interest with emotions locked away
If that's what they call normal, I'd rather be insane
Relax yourself from giving what you want to do with your life
Ease up from giving up things like control of your own mind
If you never ask any questions then you're never gonna get no answer
Always be wondering what do you want
While you keep getting older faster...
Here we go again
Another test of manhood, just when you thought you'd won
The more we keep competing the more the battle has just begun

@SONG: HOBOKEN
I'm in this prison you built for you
In a situation I don't know what to do
Can't make a connection, get a reaction
There's this wall and I can't get through
You're dying of some guilt without no words
What did I say what did I do
(Chorus)
Youth hostels I lodged                                  
Kept seeing you as a mirage
Flashes of you were everywhere
Hoboken New Jersey
I'm in this prison you built for you
In this situation I don't know what to do
Always something makes me think
Things don't have to be so wrong
You put up walls with nothing spoken
In your weakness you're so strong

@SONG: YELL IT IN MY EAR
Never had a reason for the attack
It's impulsive and insane
When I wanna talk some sense to you
It's like spitting back at rain
I've come to know that when I first saw you
I should have ran away
I've kicked myself a thousand times
And now it's too late
Yelling in my ear
You try to control me
You look but you don't see
Yell it in my ear
You got a big mouth
Are you ever gonna get a clue
You're loud, obnoxious, when you're gone I still hear you
Always spewing shit with your irritating voice
I don't wanna listen but I got no choice
Quit acting like your nuts, just shut the hell up

@SONG: SLEEP LONG
One day I saw a man asleep
In a doorway on the street
Subconcious death was his coercion
Buy and consume and want and need
Never fall from the trap of greed
I thought about the bitter pain of jail cells
In falling rain I thought ahead and looked away
What can you do anyway and sheltered youth and our pretention
Avert our eyes to divert attention
Only to see the human
Victims always there to remind us
Sleep long sleep well
Only to awake in hell

@SONG: HEALTHY BODY SICK MIND
Expensive vitamin pills and wheat germ on your window sill
Your schedule's hectic and you got no time to kill
You're earning money and spending it the right way
You're just in such a rush you don't know if it's night or day
5:30 get up and run run run
Then you work 8 hours slaving under the gun
Your little world's based on lies lies lies
Always rushing but you're never ever satisfied
Healthy body sick mind 
You're working over time
Healthy body sick mind
Too hectic, too hectic
Healthy body sick mind
It's just a  matter of time
Sick body, sick mind
The money you spend on running shoes could feed men for a week
Your plans are laid so well you can't even sleep
Pursuit of happiness got your life locked under martial law
You got everything to lose so your paranoid about some fatal flaw

@SONG: OFFICER
Why do you have to force yourself with power and control
Why do you have to live your life playing up a role
Intimidating people with your wall of sight and sound
You and your kind destroy our underground
All the happiness you destroy
All the brutal tactics that you always employ
All the fucking bullshit when will it ever stop
The comparison is obvious: You're just a fucking cop
Officer - you act like an animal you're out of control
Officer - what the hell is wrong with you?
Wear a tie if you want to wear a uniform
Join the army if you want to conform
Tough guy asshole do what you can
Whatever you destroy will create it again

@SONG: I GOT NO
When you're dying - giving up hope
Living for smoking dope
Singin' that same old song
Yeah yeah yeah it's always the same
I got no - nothing in mind
I was trying a new adventure
Buyin' that old peer pressure
Wasting my mind away but I saved it just in time
No reason I was going mad
I was hating my mom and dad
Riding a sinking ship
Thank god I never did slip

Time wasted by JWLKQLA@oak.grove.iup.edu
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The End. I edited this zine in a nutshell, so I'm sorry for the fact (I admit)
the editing is not up to par. In fact, if you could follow any of the articles
in here without stumbling into confusion, I congragulate you. If you want to
write for us, e-mail Sed at sedative@escape.com or give our BBS a call:
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[ flat earth society ]


No, we don't have a ansi ad (shame on us). No, we don't run Renegade or
PCBoard (we run Telegard!). Our users don't spell with 0's & lower case I's.
Its running on a 386sx. (Oh no!). What do we have? Well, we have a selection
of the weirdest text files around, a complete library of things of interest
to fellow psychos & some damn intelligent message bases. Call or the Illuminati
may just come after you

(718)-698-7865
Sysop: Sed
Running Telegard 3.0


------------------------------------------------------------------------------
