Idiot Savant Guarde
by Raun Dalke

******
 
Chapter 1. Luther-
 
  I always wanted to know how stuff works- you know, so I could
make stuff work myself.  And I always think of things that *should*
work, but nobody ever builds 'em.  Sometimes I do, if I don't get
sidetracked first.  People've been shitting on me all my life, so
I decided to build one of my gadgets to fix things.  Boy, did I
ever fix things.
 
  I got an idea for this new invention when I started working for
Mr. Highbrow Tightass Winston Smythe III over a year ago.  I had
started thinking how it wasn't fair how Smitty had money coming out
his ass, fancy cars and a huge house and all he ever did was get born.
He had upped his already ridiculous money pile even more already with
a few of my gadgets, that I could have never bought lunch with.
 
  It's just not fair that someone like him does nothing and has
everything, while I beat my brains out to end up with nothing.
And did I mention Mrs. Smitty?  This guy has the personality of
an iguana, but this babe, this total walking wet-dream hangs onto
him like he was Jesus Christ Almighty.  She could make first grade
arithmetic get hard just by walking into the room, but I don't think
she's ever noticed that I was even in the room (much less what a
hard-on I had).  I lay awake nights dreaming about running my hands over
those amazing breasts, through that auburn hair, thighs that could start a
World War- Darcy Smythe is one sex goddess that I just can't stop
thinking about.
 
  Today I was tinkering on a new 'proximity switch' that Smitty thinks
will take off, and he's probably right again, but danged if I can see
why this thing could be valuable.  His lordship was in the office right
next to the lab, tossing commands at his 'executive secretary' (read faggot)
and I'm sure ogling Darcy's bouncing attributes as she flits about the office.
I catch a flash of red hair or tits and ass every now and then when I glance
into the sanctum sanctorum.  Smitty probably thinks that's what keeps me
working for next to nothing for him while he gets richer from my ideas.
But I haven't given him all my ideas- I'm working on one now that he
knows nothing about.  I call it the 'Equalizer'.
 
 
  "Luther!" he screamed in that suave way that he has.
  "Aren't you done yet with that damned switch?  The board is meeting in
one hour!"
 
  "Yessir, Mr. Smythe- just a minor adjustment for reliability, and she'll
be ready to show off."
 
  "Oh dear, do you want me to wear the blue or the gold outfit for the 
meeting?" cooed Darcy in a voice that made me think of blowjobs.
 
  The answering grunt was lost amid chairs squeaking and a loud SNAP as I
flipped on the prototype switch and the door to the office swung shut.  I
walked towards the door without flinching as it swung open to let me through.
It promptly shut behind me as I did my best subservient imitation for Mr.
Money Bags across his 9 foot desk.  Actually I was mentally pouring my
contempt all over the slob.
 
  Soon, things would change- the Equalizer would see to that.
 
  "It's ready to go, Mr. Smythe, here's the circuit for the demo unit at
IMC", I said as I handed him the small module now perfected.
I didn't bother to tell him that it would be the last invention of mine
that he would demonstrate and claim credit for.  That board meeting
was going to give me just about the time I needed to finally complete
my private project that had started a year ago.
 
 
Chapter 2. The Equalizer-
 
  People may think I'm pretty stupid because of the way I look- my
Coke bottle bottom glasses, shabby clothes and the fact that I just
can't think of smart-sounding words when I'm talking to somebody.
But I'm the one that actually thought of most of International Marketing
Corp's biggest products.  I'm the one that really came up with the
accelerated growth lamps for plants, the magnetic neuro-stimulator, and
the magnetic lift pad to name just a few.  Smythe just keeps getting
richer on these things while noone ever heard of Luther Snink.  Well,
that's not going to change, although everything else will.
 
  My equalizer operates on a similar principle to the neuro-stimulator.
It can selectively read and write the neurons in a human brain, just
like the stimulator with the very big difference that it can readout
EVERY neuron in one brain, store the data and write the whole mess back
into another brain- in other words a person can actually transfer a
mind from one living being into another of the same species (brain capacity
has to be roughly equivalent).  At least that's the way I think it will
work- there's no way to test it without Mr. Gold Britches finding out
what I've been working on in his lab with his money.  If I say I need
a non-polarized super-conducting frazzjazz coil, he buys it- he couldn't
tell a D-cell from his dick.
 
  Today my months of careful planning and secrecy are going to pay off.
I'm going to become the filthy rich Winston Smythe and he's going to
be dead.  My equalizer only transfers one mind one way- the original
is erased.  Regardless, my vacated body will be killed immediately after
the transfer so that nobody will ever figure out that Luther did something
to Winston.  Then I'll have my inventions, the money, the house and most
of all, Darcy.
 
  I was checking the allignment of the write coil assembly by the door
when I finally heard the Rolls pull up in the front drive.  I quickly glanced
at the proto proximity switch by the door that no longer would open the
door.  Its indicator LED glowed softly to show it was now ready to
initiate a different function.  My plan calls for tricking Smitty into
racing through that door, turning on the Equalizer to be followed 15
seconds later by 50,000 volts that would regrettably char my poor carcass
beyond recognition.  The transfer would take 11 seconds if all my calculations
were correct (and they always are.)
 
  Immediately, (I can't help it) I got a big picture of me in bed tonight
as Smitty with that luscious goddess Darcy- immediately the bulge in my
pants threatened to become embarassingly obvious.
 
  "Fuck that for now!", I sternly yelled in my head- here it comes!
 
  I could hear the front door slam, and I was now ready to start the final
phase of my plan.
 
  I had figured out a pattern to Smitty's behaviour that was instrumental
to what was now taking place.  I sat on a stool holding a busbar that would
deliver the lethal voltage, right next to the read/transfer coil that would
also be destroyed at the end of the sequence.  Now all that remained was
getting the asshole to come through that door.
 
  Smitty always headed for the bar in his office immediately after
returning from these meetings to celebrate his new triumph.  I heard
the clink of champagne glasses in the next room and knew that now
was the fateful moment.
 
  "Mr. Smythe!  I've had an accident!" I yelled, trying to sound hurt
in a non-threatening way.  I figured that Smitty's sadistic tendencies
would bring him running in the hope that I might be lying in a pool of
my own blood.
 
  Now it was done- All I had to do was sit there for another 20 seconds
and I would have made my own justice for the first time in my long and
miserable life.
 
  I strained to hear anything from the next room- for a full second that
seemed more like an hour, I heard nothing- then a belch and a muffled
"Mmmf, Mmm mmf you blah blah-", then the door started opening and I
gripped the bar tighter and heard clearly the end of his sentence,
"I have to go pee-"
 
  Suddenly the proximity switch kicked on and I was no longer seeing
or hearing anything, but feeling an incredible sensation of acceleration
as if I were being sucked down a huge whirlpool at an ever increasing
velocity.  I knew intellectually that the sequence was only 15 seconds
long, but it seemed that I flew in that immaterial darkness for hours, days
maybe- time seemed to be of a totally different nature during the process.
 
  You might think that someone would go crazy during an indefinite amount
of time without a body or feelings, but I was still thinking of that
beautiful body that I would be fucking tonight, and I swear, if I spent
a million years subjective in that machine, I spent it all with a
metaphysical chubby that just wouldn't quit.
 
  Finally, sight and sound began returning- in a rush, the same way that
it had left and I knew that my gadget worked, as usual.  Suddenly I could
feel the floor beneath my feet instead of my butt on the stool, the doorknob
in my hand.  I was looking at my own body convulsing in the throes of
definite without-a-doubt electrocution.
 
Chapter 3. The Damn Thing Works-
 
  As I watched the charred corpse slump to the floor, smoking and still
twitching a little.  I could feel my new mouth start to turn up at the
corners in a grin that threatened to become manaical.  My glance fell to
the doorknob in my hand and I immediately began to catch a feeling that
not *everything* had gone according to my plan.  The hand that clutched
the knob tightly had long red fingernails that I could not remember
ever seeing on Smitty, though I desperately ransacked my memory for a
full 5 seconds.
 
  My gaze still frozen on the hand and doorknob, I started *feeling*
things that I was at first afraid to verify by sight.  I felt that
my feet were on the floor, yes, but I seemed to be standing on my
tiptoes.  Finally I tore my gaze from the hand and dropped to look at
my feet.
 
  I couldn't see my feet-  my tits were in the way.  I heard a very
female-sounding gasp escape sharply from somewhere, and then very
consciously closed my mouth.  As I did I was aware of a moistness on
my lips that must be lipstick and a softness that I couldn't really
relate to any previous experience.  I leaned over, holding the doorknob
now for support and finally managed to clear the now shuddering breasts
to see a pair of knockout legs and high-heeled shoes that pointed
straight up at me.  I moved my other hand now (I hadn't even been aware
of having one until then) and brushed a hip unintentionally as I raised
it.  That hip seemed to be insanely far out from my body, but as I was
noting that I dumbly watched the hand rise to the right breast, meanwhile
thinking "I've never seen a tit from this angle!" as if I were a third
party observer.
 
  But then the hand continued its unconscious journey to the breast and
I felt that sexy soft thing that I had dreamed of, except instead of
turning me on, I seemed to go one stage further into shock as I felt
*the hand* with my breast.  As my hand fondled automatically, I felt my
nipple even more intensely and things started to go black.  I barely
caught the floor coming up at me as I stared at the beautiful female
hand outstretched to break the fall.
 
  "Honey! Darcy, are you OK?"
 
  I slowly opened my eyes, thinking about getting up and turning the
TV off and going back to sleep when I saw my stupid boss.  What a fucking
dream!  "Asshole," I muttered blurrily- and instantly snapped awake as
I realized I just heard Darcy say Asshole to the asshole.  Then it all
came back to me as I realized I was sitting on the floor and Smitty was
pulling on one dainty hand trying to get me back to my feet.
 
  I was still tripping over new sensations as I thought I must be sitting
on a cushion and then realized I could feel the floor through my new
cushiony butt.  It felt like it was probably about a mile across.  My
hips jutted out sharply and I was acutely aware of my breasts bouncing
across my chest as I turned to look into the lab and then back to my
mis-appropriated body.  I moved one leg slightly over and noticed the
joints even felt different in the legs, they felt like they could bend
in ways I had never even considered.  Moving the leg also drove home
the fact that I was now without a penis.  As a matter of fact, I instantly
knew I could now move the legs all over the place without catching
anything painfully between them.  But what was between them- I still didn't
have a good grasp of what was down there.  Ignoring my new- HUSBAND?, I
tentatively reached down with one hand and touched that mysterious place
where my dick used to be.  Suddenly I was jarred completely into reality as
I felt through the flimsy material quite distinct female genitalia, even as
I felt my hand *with* the new and unfamiliar pussy that was *really* a part
of me.  Things abruptly went black again.
 
Chapter 4. Maybe I Can Fake It-
 
  I woke again, this time in a big bed that I believe must have been the
master bedroom of the mansion.  I was alone now, thank God.  Now I could
spend a little time thinking about my predicament and learning about my
new situation.  I quickly closed my eyes, afraid that what I might see
would make thought impossible.
 
  I started methodically by saying to myself 'OK, so now you're Darcy.
  'The equalizer is destroyed, but even if I could build another one,
if I transferred to Smitty now, it would be a Smitty without his love
goddess.  Actually I've got most of what I was after- the money, the
house, the good life- but can I live it from the other side?  I was
going to be screwing a centerfold tonight, but now I AM that centerfold-
and I never had the least inclination to screw Smitty- at least not in
the physical sense.  I could at least give it a try (really I don't have
any choice at the moment) and claim to have a headache if he starts to
try anything.'
 
  After this bit of rationalization, I opened my eyes again and glanced
down the length of my body, expecting this time to avoid the shock since
I had come to terms with this new reality.  Again the first thing that
caught my gaze were the twin mounds that brushed my chin and the nipples
at the summits that suddenly seemed twice the size of the ones I had
been staring at for the last year.  I slowly raised one arm in front
of me and inspected it more closely this time.  I noticed much less
strength, even raising the arm seemed like lifting a weight, and as
I lifted it higher, I couldn't help but feel my breast with my forearm
where it bulged out to the side.  The arm and hand seemed so *small* and
delicate.
 
  I sat up on the edge of the bed and again goggled at the size of my ass
and wondered at the feel of my legs moving, nothing like I had ever
experienced before.  The legs felt as if they were much farther apart than
previously, and my waist and hips felt much *longer* than before.
I was wearing only a lacy bra and panties that seemed much too small to
actually serve any purpose whatsoever, as far as covering anything up.
In the back I could feel the panties in the crack of my buttocks but in
front they fit snugly in a way underwear never ever had.
 
  Suddenly I felt something like a blush sweep my entire body as I
realized that Winston Smythe the IIIrd must have undressed me when he
put me on this bed.  On the other hand, his faggot secretary might have
done it for him, but either way, the thought sent weird chills racing
through me and inspired a strange sort of curiousity.
 
  Still sitting on the edge of the bed, I gingerly reached down and lifted
the frilly band of the panties and looked inside.
 
  Sure enough, there was a small gathering of auburn pubic hair there, and
it looked very much like I had imagined, although I never pictured it from
this viewpoint.
 
  I reached the hand inside the panties and without thinking about it,
started rubbing in an up-and-down fashion, as if I was testing a new
circuit.  Nothing was happening- I wondered how this female stuff actually
worked.  My other hand drifted up to one breast, and started alternately
cupping the entire mound of flesh and rubbing on the nipple.  *That* I
could definitely feel, although I couldn't really feel anything like
something getting hard down below.
 
  While I was concentrating on the nipple, I didn't notice my other hand
start to rub lower down and then suddenly- BAMM!  my finger had slipped
between my new second pair of lips and hit something that was like an
instant high- I felt as if I had just belted down a slug of the best
moonshine ever made, except instead of lighting a fire in my belly, it
was somewhat lower down.  I had no idea, this was nothing my experience
could even relate to.  For a while I kept rubbing absent-mindedly as
waves of *something* like sex but nothing like sex kept washing over me
until suddenly without really intending to I SHOVED my finger inside
myself as far as it would go.  Now I started to realize that I was making
little yips and gasps really without any control whatsoever, and the
soft girl's voice that I heard just seemed to drive my finger harder and
faster.  I stretched my neck to look up at the hand grasping my wildly
heaving tits and thought in a detached way that that should hurt, but
it doesn't- it feels GOOD!
 
  I don't know when I went from one finger to two, but next thing I noticed
there *were* two fingers in action down there and I was plunging them in
and out as fast as my new frail arm could move them.
 
  "Oooh, OOHH, FUCK ME, FUCK ME!"  I heard myself say without ever actually
formulating the words at all-
 
  I tore my hands away from the insidious body with an incredible effort
as I realized what was happening and held them up at my sides as I cussed
myself out.
 
  "God DAMN, this body controls the mind, not the other way around, like
I'm used to", I murmured as I carefully tried standing beside the bed.
There was a full-length mirror beside the door and I hesitantly approached
it, my hands in front of me as if I was blind or in a dark room.
 
  I stopped when one long red fingernail clicked against the glass of the
mirror, but I was already staring goggle-eyed at the vision looking back
at me.  The breasts were still heaving, I didn't see how they could
possibly be held in the delicate lacy white bra, but it followed their
every movement bravely.  I was still very conscious of the way the hips
seemed to move in such an alien manner, they seemed to rotate more than
turn, and no way that I could walk any differently.  As I stood in
front of the mirror, I couldn't seem to decide if it was natural to
stand with my legs together or apart, I stepped each dainty foot outwards
to feel what standing would be like that way, and immediately noticed
a dark and damp spot down there where I had been playing a minute ago.
 
  I didn't notice the transistion, but the next thing I was aware of
was my hand once again down my panties and two fingers ramming in and out
of my new orifice, now dripping freely down one leg.  I was panting and
groaning in that soft and sexy voice again, too.  I made a conscious
effort to stop again, but this time the body ignored me.
 
  "Stop it! You whore!", I remanded myself through clenched teeth, but
my hands and gyrating torso increased their motions as if to say,
  "Fuck you!", and with that thought my fingers speeded up even more
as they plunged in and out of the uncontrollable vagina.
 
   I had started to notice that the waves of feeling coursing through
my body seemed to be building, each one a little more powerful than the
last, and my legs seemed on the verge of giving out, the knees turned to
taffy, when the door next to the mirror opened.
 
 
Chapter 5. Winston-
 
  He was already talking to me as he stepped briskly into the room, looking
toward the bed where I had just been.
 
  "Are you alright, Darcy?"
  "I know it must have been a terrible shock to see Luther like that but-"
 
  He suddenly turned his eyes to me beside him in front of the mirror with
my hand still cupping one breast halfway out of the bra and the other between
my legs, and his glance dropped to my panties down around my ankles as his
mouth dropped open.
 
  I froze in this now awkward position for all of 2 seconds and then
whipped my arms up and clasped them around my middle.  This caused my
full breasts to rest heavily upon my forearms and I felt insanely for
a moment as if my Mom had walked in on me masturbating and my hard dick
pointing blindly straight at her.  But I had no dick, those were two
big female breasts that stuck out in Winston's face and I felt like
they were two loaded guns that I had no control over.
 
  A slow smile spread across the asshole's face and he stepped up to me
and put his arm around my narrow waist with his hand caressing my hip
that still didn't seem like it could possibly be mine.  I put on hand
in front of my breasts as if it were a shield and tried to say something.
 
  "Smit-  uh, Winston, *dear*, I uh- ", I stammered, seeming to find no
words to even begin to explain the situation.
 
  He was exerting a gentle pressure against my back now with his other
hand, and I was halfway across the room before I realized that we were
moving toward the BED.
 
  I stumbled as I tried to stop my involuntary locomotion, and Winston
dear seemed to take it in stride as he moved one arm under my legs and
swept me up and laid me down on the bed.
 
  I realized my mouth was hanging open again, and those darn tits were
bobbing and weaving again, and I wondered briefly if this could all
be misinterpreted as sexual arousal on my part.  Then I mentally kicked
myself as I realized that this Darcy body would look turned-on as a
corpse.
 
  "Winston, darling- ", I tried again, but he had sat down beside me on
the bed and was now caressing one breast as I had been doing earlier, but
now the feeling was totally different.  This rendered me speechless again
and I seemed in some sort of a trance as he quickly and methodically removed
his shirt.
 
  Now I had a whole new surprise.  His hairy chest that would have made
me lose my lunch this morning suddenly seemed *fascinating*.  As I stared
at the hard muscles, he was already undoing his trousers.
 
  Frantically I grabbed at his hands on his fly, but he misinterpreted my
action and started fondling my breasts again while one hand slowly worked
its way down my torso.
 
  Only now I realized that my panties were lying on the floor over by the
mirror and abruptly felt invulnerable to a degree I would have never
thought possible.
 
  "Oh Darcy, you are the sexiest woman alive," he crooned as his hand
reached between my legs and started a gentle rubbing motion.  I was
acutely aware of a lingering dampness down there and suddenly the
waves were starting again.  Once again my knees felt like rubber and
I seemed to have no control over my now gyrating hips.
 
  Paying attention to the reactions of my body where he was hard at work,
I hadn't noticed my own hands at his zipper, but now saw that they were
desperately trying to pull the zipper down (and would have already if not
for the long nails).  I ordered the traitorous hands to stop immediately,
but just then he worked a finger onto that magic spot down there that
had possessed me a minute ago.
 
  My hands tore down his zipper, and I pulled his pants halfway down his
legs.  He had big baggy boxer shorts on with multi-colored bunnies.  This
finally did stop the motions of my juggernaut slut body, but only for
a moment.  I thought, "How cute, bunnies!", but then he smoothly slid the
trousers and shorts completely off and I was confronted with something
that I really hadn't bargained for.  His dick.
 
  It seemed bigger than any one I had ever seen in my life, but it
also looked *different* than any I had ever seen, including my own
lamented tool.  I could not tear my eyes off of that huge hard cock
as I realized in horror that my hands were going for it.
 
  I touched it very gingerly at first, as if afraid of hurting him, but
then the thought flurried through my head "It's hard as a ROCK!", and I
found my self clutching it and pumping on it as if my life depended on it.
 
  He was groaning and panting now, I had been already, but now that his
cock was red and straining in my hand, I found myself out of control again
and I was grinding my pussy against his finger as I fought with every
ounce of will power not to take that cock between my lips.
 
  While I was trying to keep my mouth away from him (my hands were on
their own) I couldn't stop from saying,
  "Oh, Winston, FUCK ME!  I need you!", !!!
 
  Did I say that?  This damned body had taken control again and I saw now
that I would have no choice but to lay back and take the ride.  Actually
at this point all remaining will power went out of me like water down a
drain and I wanted him to fuck me with all my being.
 
  I was laying on the bed with my legs spread as far as I could spread
them and my back was arching so that I thought it would break.
 
  Suddenly he rolled over and laid between my legs and I found my own
treacherous hand reached down to guide him into my sopping pussy.
 
  This was nothing like a finger.  As that immense dick slowly pressed
into my pussy, I felt like my brain was being pushed out my ears.  He
pulled back and slowly started the plunge again, and I was aware that
he was wet enough now that he slid in easily.  Each thrust was accompanied
by a high and sexy moan from my lips that I could not stop or control in
any way.  Crazy as it sounds, I had started counting the thrusts at first,
I guess to take my mind off the fact that I was getting fucked by a man.
 
  After four pokes or so, I found that higher math was beyound me, and
all of my being was being devoted to rolling my hips and levering up
my groin to allow maximum penetration for each thrust.  I barely noticed
his hands grasping both of my breasts at this point, all I could concentrate
on was that wonderful meat pumping deep inside of me.
 
  We both kept going faster and faster, his pumping now shoving my head
backwards into the pillow and making my tits bob insanely across my chest.
I had reached behind him and was squeezing and pulling his butt to help
drive him into me that much more.  I was aware that I was screaming now
with each monstrous thrust, each one seemed like the one that would
make my brain explode, until suddenly he screamed.
 
  "AHHHH, AHHH, AHHHHHH, DARCY!", he yelled as I felt a GUSH right
under my stomach in some undefinable place, as he kept moving in and
out but now slower and I felt control of my body returning to me as
his tool became softer and he slowed to a stop, still inserted in me.
Within two seconds he was asleep, one hand still clasped around my
left breast, his penis still in my pussy.
 
 
Chapter 6. Give it a try-
 
  My senses all returned to me now and the shame and humiliation was
incredible, more than I have ever experienced.  I've been fucked by a
man--  and I ENJOYED it.  As a matter of fact, he's still got a hand on
my tit and his dick in my pussy.  I shifted my weight slightly to see
if I might dislodge him, but instead he opened his eyes.
 
  "God, you are incredible" he said softly as he gazed into my eyes.
(although I couldn't help noticing how his gaze immediately dropped to
my breasts, where his hand started idly toying with one nipple.
 
  Fuck, not again!  This body was like being tied into a roller coaster
that never stopped.  My nipple instantly became hard again and I started
breathing harder again.  With my last vestige of strength I pulled my
pussy from around his cock with a small slurping sound and sat up on the
edge of the bed.  His hand on my breast, however, went right with me and,
I don't know how it happened, but with his other hand on my hip he had
guided me to a kneeling position that I had absolutely nothing to do with.
 
  Now he had one hand on either hip and I could feel his stomach against
my ass.
 
  "Oh well, he's spent, all he can do is play at this point", I thought,
but then I glanced down between my legs at the scene behind me.  Just that
moment, I heard a small buzzing noise and immediately made the connection
that good Old Winston had grabbed a battery operated device from the
nightstand.  Also, glancing down past my pendulous tits at my own crotch,
I saw that he was indeed good for another go-round.  His dick was once
again every bit as big as it was a while ago.
 
  With no warning, he plunged into my pussy from behind, clutching my
jutting hips with both hands.  My breasts swung wildly and I found myself
once again totally under control of the body.  I swayed back and forth to
increase the force of each thrust, although he was doing fine on his own.
The waves were coming now even more intense than before when I found out
what the vibrator was for.
 
  Suddenly I felt his saliva-moistened finger probing my ass and I tried
to tighten it up, but this seemed to just increase the frenzy with which
he pumped his dick into my pussy.  Then just as I feared, he started sliding
the big vibrating dildo into my ass and I cried out in both pain and pleasure
involuntarily.  I started grinding my hips crazily and he started pumping
harder than ever, working the dildo in and out all the while.  Suddenly the
waves that had been mounting steadily higher seemed to be washing over my
head, and I was screaming as I bucked, "Fuck me HARDER, oh PLEASE FUCK ME!"
and of course he did.
 
  Finally we both collapsed, him to fall asleep again and me to lay in
a stupor, unable to think at all.  Now I know what women mean by 'the glow'
and now I understand the phrase, 'fuck your brains out'.
 
  I started daydreaming now about Gene Hackman in the movie 'The French
Connection' where the bad guys shoot him up with heroine and turn him
into a junkie.  I was in serious danger of becoming a sex junkie if I
didn't think of something, and fast.
 
FIN
