We had been been out sailing for a few hours before sunset.  She had
worn the tiny bikini I had bought for her last week.  She was still
uncomfortable with the exposure, but she was beginning to understand
how important her exhibition was to the role she had selected for
herself. 

We sat together near the tiller, the sails down and a small anchor
holding us in the lee of one of the small islands that dotted this
man-made lake.  The sun slowly edged its way below the horizon with a
blaze of oranges fading eventually to blues and finally deep purples.
We nuzzled and cuddled as lovers do, content to simply be close.

Finally when the last light had vanished from the sky, I stroked her
hair gently and looked into her eyes as I untied the biking top that
almost covered her.  She made no effort to move but simply waited.  My
fingers brushed the ends of her nipples as the night air made them
crinkle and harden.

I pulled her up by her elbo and positioned her so that her stomach lay
across the boom.  The ferled sail made it a little more comfortable
than it might have been.  I quickly stretched her arms straight with
some soft cotton covered nylon line.  One of the nice things about
sail boats... lots of soft rope.

I ran my hand gently across her back and then across her still covered
buttocks.  She shuddered at the contact but stayed still and quiet.
She had only submitted to me the week before, but she had an uncanny
sense of what I wanted.  This was but one of the things that made her
so very special.

My hands slow ran up her legs stopping at the tiny bows holding her
bikini bottom in place.  I slow pulled and her last covering fell to
the deck.

I used two more pieces of line to immobilize her legs in place.  Sail
boats have such convient places to secure ropes.

I ran my hands up her legs again, dipping into her wetness only for a
second.  My hand was soaked from the brief pause and I move around in
front of her so she could lick my hand clean.

I went below, steading my self from the gentle rocking of the boat.  I
opened the seat in the cabin and took out the leather barber strap we
had found while antique shopping just the day before.  Her eyes had
glowed when she first picked it up.  Now we were going to use it the
way she wanted.

I climbed back up on deck and made sure to move where she could see
the strap in my hand.  With my free hand I stroked her cheek gently
and then brought the strap to her lips.  She kissed it with the
intensity that one reserves for a lover.

I ducked under the boom and positioned myself behind her.  I used the
strap to slowly stroke her legs and then her buttocks.  Touching her
gently with the wide strap.  Still she stayed quiet.

I moved back just far enough to swing the strap freely.  I aimed for
the nearest cheek first.  The swing made a swishing sound followed by
a firm crack as the flat of the strap hit.  A bright red band appeared
on her skin.

The next swing was aimed at the other side.  It too made a red band.
I slowly covered all the skin of her ass, being careful to stay below
her spine and working a little way down the backs of her legs.

As I layed on the last few strokes, she broke her silence with throaty
moans.  I slowed a little to be sure they were not moans of pain.

With the last stroke, I could restrain myself no longer.  I pushed my
speedo from my body and plunged myself into her with a violence that
frightened me for a moment.  The warmth of her glowing red skin
inflamed me.  With only a few thrusts I shuddered and came,
collapsing atop her for a moment.

When my head came closer to hers, I could her her whispering over and
over.  I had to move around to her head to make it out clearly.  She
was whispering over and over, "I love you."

