                  - In The Lodge -


      It was a cold night in January in the middle of one of  the
      worst snow storms in years.   You car stalled in front of my
      house  and you couldn't get it started again.   You knocked
      on my door and asked if you could use my phone.   I let you
      and my wife linda shows you where the phone is.  I offer to
      take  your coat and and to make some nice hot coffee.   You
      take off your coat and I see you are dressed as if you were
      out for a nice dinner, conserative enough to be dressed for
      a  business, but sexy enough  to  be  seductive.   You  are
      wearing a peach colored skirt which huggs your hips ever so
      perfectly,  you  are  wearing  a  silk  white  shirt  which
      complements  your full breasts,  and a peach jacket to make
      the dress respectable.   You try to call your house just to
      find  out that the lines are down.   I give you  a  cup  of
      coffee and we all sit down in the living room.  My wife and
      I sit on the Couch and you sit on the love seat.   The only
      light in the house is from the fire in the fireplace  which
      illuminated your red hair making you look almost  mystical.
      We  explain to you that we have lost the power and that  is
      the  reason for lack of electric light.   I ask you if  you
      have  any family at home and you tells us that  you  don't,
      you had just wanted to check the messages on your answering
      machine.   Your delicate features become enhanced as a  bit
      of  sadness comes over your face.   You tell us  that  you
      always  wanted a family,  but it was physically  impossible
      for  you to mother children,  and also your love life had a
      bit to be desired.   Linda commented that a beautiful woman
      like  you self should have no problem finding a  husband  and
      you almost burst into tears as you tell us that because  of
      your  body all you ever meat are ass holes who want  nothing
      more  then to fuck you and leave you.   Linda walks over to
      you  and puts an arm on your shoulder and I feel that  this
      is a moment in which a man in the room was wrong so I got up
      and  went to the bedroom taking with me a  candle.   I  can
      hear  what linda is telling you,  Linda is also a knockout,
      and  for almost  5  years  linda  was  one  of  the  leading
      swimsuit and lingerie models in the country.  She was able
      to  relate to your situation,  because it took her quite a
      few  years to find herself a man who wanted more  from  her
      then  just a good fuck.   Hearing those things from my wife
      made  me love her  all  the  more,  after all,  it  was  the
      compassion  that I loved most about her,  the sex was next.
      I  heard your soft whimpers and my heart went out to you,  I
      wanted to take you into my arms and tell you everything was
      going  to be okay,  but I would have  been  out  of  place.
      After about a half hour,  your sobbing stopped and you went
      to  the bathroom and freshened up a bit.   I went back out
      to  the living room and Linda suggested that we  play  some
      cards.   By the time you returned, Linda and I were playing
      Gin  Rummy.  We asked you to play and you informed us  that
      you  didn't know how to play,  but poker would be fine.   I
      delt  you in and we started to have a good  time,  laughing
      and  joking around.   We start talking about  some  of  the
      crazy  things we did when we were  younger,  I  told  about
      about the time me and an ex-lover got caught arrested  when
      were fucking in my father's VW beetle,  Lisa told about the
      time  her ex-lover put a vibrator in my  ass,  and  it  got
      stuck and she went to the hospital to get it removed.   You
      told us of the time you played strip poker with 3 guys  and
      lost, she then had to fulfill each of their fantasy's.  She
      also added that it was the most fulfilling experience ever.
      Lisa  said "hey,  that sounds like fun, why don't we play."
      You look at her thinking that she is kidding,  and start to
      laugh and said "yea sure,  let's play." Lisa then anted up
      by  removing her shirt and she sat there  in  her  bra  and
      jeans.   I then removed my shirt showing my muscular chest.
      You  look confused and lisa nuged you on "Common,  you said
      you  wanted to play." You nervously remove your  jacket  and
      shirt  showing Lisa and myself your heavy firm  bra  clad
      breasts,  your dark nipples slightly visible  through  your
      bra.

      I  dealt the cards and Lisa  looses  the  first  hand.   She
      removes  her Jeans and sits there in her hose,  panties  and
      bra,  her full breasts with chocolate colored nipples  fall
      free  and stand proudly out.   I see your eyes widen as she
      shakes  them lightly with each breast.   I loose  the  next
      hand,  and pull off my sweat pants.   You stare approvingly
      at the buldge in underpants.  Lisa looses the next hand and
      does  a sexy little dance while she removes her jeans,  her
      pubic  hair slightly  sprouting  around  the  legs  of  her
      panties,  and she does a modeling  turn  showing  her  firm
      panty  clad ass off.   You loose the next round, you decide
      to  remove your skirt,  We see you are wearing  a  pair  of
      panties and Garter belt which match your bra.  Your panties
      are  almost see through and lisa coaxes you to  also  do  a
      modeling turn.  Your ass cheeks bounce as we are thrilled to
      find  that you are wearing string bottoms.   You loose  the
      next  round and remove your garter,  you are really getting
      into  this, and you do a sexy little  strip  tease  as  you
      remove  it.  Lisa looses again,  she then removes her hose,
      totally  exposing her smooth shaven long legs.   You  loose
      the  next hand and take off your bra.   Lisa gasps as  your
      tits  fall fee and lisa points out that  your  nipples  are
      hard.  You look a bit embarrassed and try to push them down,
      but  it is of no use.   "Just two more hands to  go,"  lisa
      said  "till the two loosers have to  try  to  full fill  the
      winner's  fantasy."  I  can  see  your  excitement  seeping
      through  your panties,  and watch as you give  yourself  an
      unconscious  rub between your legs.   Lisa looses  the  next
      hand.  She stands up, turns her back to us, she wiggles her
      ass,  and slowly begins pulling her panties down, you stare
      in  anticipation, lisa is moving her panties down  inch  by
      inch,  and I know she is loving it because she is a bit  of
      an  exhibitionist.  I shoot a glance over at you,  you are
      staring  with your mouth open,  your breasts hard, and your
      panties  visibly wet and you rub yourself  lightly.   after
      what  seems like hours lisa has finally gotten the  panties
      down  far enough so that you can see her  moist  pussy lips.
      You  inhale deeply,  as Lisa's panties drop to  the  floor.
      You  deal the next round,  and you lose it.   Lisa  already
      know's my Fantasy, which is to watch Lisa and another woman
      make  love and I join in,  this also happens to be  one  of
      lisa's  favorite fantasy's too,  and starts acting  it  out
      immediately after you loose.

      She starts out with you in a standing position, and removes
      your panties with her mouth, taking your soaked crotch into
      her  mouth and pulls them down.   Once your panties are  on
      the floor,  she places one of your legs on the coffee table
      which  is now against the wall so that we all  could  play,
      and starts licking your juices which have begun to run down
      your legs.   My erection is pressing against my underpants.
      you  brace yourself against the wall as Lisa's tongue  parts
      your pussy lips and starts to dart in and out of your twat.
      You gyrate your hips in almost a full circles and you reach
      down  to hold lisa's head in place.   Lisa begins to finger
      her snatch,  running her fingers around her clit pushes her
      finger deep in her pussy.   I have a great view of this and
      my  cock is throbbing in wanton lust.   Lisa then lays down
      and  you lay your head between her  legs,  sucking  on  her
      pussy like there is no tomorrow.  I can't take much more of
      this and move behind you,  lifting your ass high in the air
      as  possible.  I take out my rock hard cock,  and you reach
      back to hold yourself open for my assault.   I push in with
      one  hard thrust and almost lift you off the floor  pushing
      your  face down hard into her twat.   I start moving  in  a
      good pattern and you push back against me as I move  foward
      and you move foward as I move back making each stroke count
      even  more.  You begin to buck like a wild horse as  orgasm
      after  orgasms devastates your body.   You collapse  forward
      your  body still convulsing.   It takes you a long time  to
      recover after that set of orgasms,  and you watch me and my
      wife masturbating as we wait for you in eager anticipation.

      After a few minutes you regain your composure and your  and
      and  take my cock in your mouth.   Your tongue swirls around
      the  head as it slides in and out,  Lisa climbs  underneath
      you  and starts licking your cunt.   I start breathing hard
      and  am on the verge of cumming,   I pull my dick away from
      you and climb between Lisa's legs.  You watch in fasination
      as I pump my cock in and out of lisa's tight little hole as
      lisa is licking your twat.   Lisa begins cumming and I feel
      her hold gripping my throbbing instrument trying to milk  it
      dry.   My spunk starts shooting into her in globs,  the and
      it  doubles the pleasure in which lisa is feeling  and  hand
      her  orgasm starts all over with a new  furry.   Once  I've
      stopped  spurting, you suck my dick  clean  of  me  and  my
      wife's  juices.   You  then  climb  between  lisa's   still
      trembling body and lap up all of our overflowing juices.  I
      can  see our cream dripping off your chin and you and  lisa
      embrace  in a deep kiss as you pour some of the juices  you
      had  in your mouth into lisa's and lisa swallowing it  all.
      The sight of this has me hard once again.  I lay down on my
      back and you straddle my cock, and lisa my face.  I lick at
      lisa's cunt like a man possessed as you jump up and down on
      my rod.   My balls slapping your ass as I'm thrusting upward
      to  meat you and you and lisa both cum together.    Between
      you pounding up and down on my cock, and lisa grinding down
      hard on my face I can't take much more of this and  explode
      inside of you.  You and lisa dismount me and lisa starts to
      lick  your pussy to get as much of my cum as  she  possible
      can out of your twat.

      We  lay there for a long time,  how long I don't  know,  my
      sense  of time is all screwed up.   Then  you  get  up  and
      dress,   You get your overcoat and just before walking  out
      the  door, you kiss me and then  Lisa.   You  say  to  Lisa
      "Thanks  Lisa, it was better then I  ever  dreamt  possible,
      we'll have to do this again.   See you at work tomorrow." I
      looked over at my wife and she sat there with a big grin on
      her face and said "Happy Belated birthday dear"
