                             Incident at the Zoo


       "Look, mommy, a gorilla!" the little girl screamed. Kate
thought, for the hundredth time, that seemed a very stupid thing to
say. She had been working at the zoo for over 5 years, and all children
seemed to say the same thing. She stopped looking out the window from
the cage and went to the back. The intercom was located back there, and
she picked it up. "Attantion please. The zoo is closing now for the
day. Please exit as soon as possible, as the animals want to get some
sleep." She heard a small burst of laughter from outside, as she always
did. As she put the mike down, Steve came in.
        "Hey, you going out with everyone else tonight?" He asked.
        "Oh, I don't think so. Mr. Myers said there were some
problems in Sarki's roomm, and he wanted me to sheck it out."
        "Shit. I wouldn't go in there. That it was one big ape!." He
said.
        "Well, he seems to like me. But anyway, I guess the lights
are acting he wanted me to take a look at them."
        He grinned."Well, don't let me keep you. Maybe sometime next
week?" He asked.
        "Sure. next week it is." She smiled back at him. He waved
goodbye, and Kate got back to her work.

        After taking her normal hour or two to get everything back in
order, she went to her locker in the ladies room to get out of her zoo
uniform. After she got it all off, she remembered she had to fix those
lights, but since the zoo was closed, she didn't think anyone would
mind if she did it in shorts and a tee-shirt. She left her junk in the
bathroom and headed for the gorilla house. After arriving there she
entered Sarki's room, wondering why Mr. Myers seemed to think she was a
mechanic or an electrician. Sarki was a huge mountain gorrila, and
usually not very amicable. But he had seemed to take to Kate
immediately, usually hanging over her shoulder or something whenever
she was in his cage. Today was no exception, as she climbed up toward
the ceiling to get at the lights. There was a large platform near the
ceiling and she got on that in order to inspect the lights better.

Sarki pulled his bulk right up next to her, but there was plenty of
room up there. She stood up and craned her neck, trying to look
straight up while keeping her balance. Suddenly, she felt a large hand
on her ass, slowly stroking it, She turned around quickly, and found
Sarki staring at her as his hand caressed her. She stoodm frozen,
afraid that he might push her off the ledge or something. But what he
actually did was bring his other and up and began to feel her breasts
through her shirt. Now, Kate never thought of herelf as overly kinky,
but this monkey was really turning her on!. She slowly removed her
shirt and bra, letting the huge gorilla to feel her bare chest. He
began squeezing her boobs, massaging them, while his other hand still
wandered in her waist region. After a few minutes of this treatment,
she couldn't stand it any more. She removed her shoes, then her jeans,
and finally her panties. Sarki sat down and pulled her over to him.

His hands still were exploring her body, and suddenly she felt one of his
fingers stab up into her now-exposed hole. His finger, though not as
long as a man's penis, was just as wide and she began to squirm on it.
His other hand fell from her breasts and curled around her as, pulling
her closer. He brought his face close to her and stared at her with
great interest. His hand was still working her over, but she wanted
more. She knew gorilla's would imitate alot of things if they were done
by a human, so she decided to test exactly what he would do. She moved
down him until her face was right next to his chest. Her tongue
tentatively darted out and began to kiss his leather-like chest.

She moved downward, further, until his now-erect huge cock was staring
right at her. All thoughts of anything else quickly flew away with the
sight of it, and she immediately took it in her mouth, taking great
pleasure from his obvious excitement. But she pulled away, spread her
legs, with the finger still in her, and hoped. He withdrew his finger
and pressed his face against her chest, his tongue coming out and
licking her nipples. He. too, moved downward and slurped at her wet
hole. She groaned louder and louder, and just as she was about to
orgasm, he roughly pushed her away. She landed on her stomach, and as
she began to pick her self up, confused, she felt a huge cock fill her
box. Sarki's breath came in rough gasps as he shoved his tool deeper
and deeper into her. She began to groan even louder, and his pace
quickened. After a few minues of this, Kate couldn't hold back any
longer. Her cunt exploded in a series of orgasms around his spike.

She bucked her hips upwards against his huge body, and with her
contractions came a jerking from deep within him, and after a second or
two she could feel his seed filling her. He slowly stopped his
rammings, and allowed her to climb out from under him. She realized
that he had supported himself on his knuckles the entire time to avoid
crushing her. She got dressed, but before she left she taught him one
more thing. Reaching forward, she opened his mouth a bit, and brought
her lips to his. She slipped her tongue into his surprised mouth, but
he soon realized what she was doing and also put his tongue in her
mouth. After a small amount of fumbling, she felt as if she was kissing
a real man, as he go the movements down right. She slipped her hand
down to his limp dick and gave it a smll squeeze, a promise that she
would work late again soon. And it looked like she wasn't going out
with Steve and her co-workers next week after all!






