Archive-name: School/incredbl.txt
Archive-author: Anonymous Female
Archive-title: Incredible
 

I had asked if anyone has stories written in a female tone, or 
by females, to please send them.  I now have a copy of the now
net.famous saltgirls story (and for what it matters, I liked it!)
and now the work of another gal.  She is local, (she mentions a 
local school) and asked if I would post this to the net, and mail
any/all comments to her.

So, here it is.    And who knows, you might know the author.
And she may even tell you about it later on the net.


When I walked into the lab Friday evening I knew there was no way
Matt would be expecting me - I wasn't due there until Saturday. 
Perfect for my plans.  I spotted him right away and watched him
for a few minutes, just enjoying the sight of him.  Then I went
looking for a helpful student in order to carry out my plans.  I
found one and with his help logged onto the VAX and telnetted
back home to carroll1.  At 10 o'clock sharp Matt logged onto
carroll1 and we started talking, as usual.  He said he couldn't
wait to see me.  I typed, "Don't," got up, walked over by him and
wrapped my arms around him from behind.  As I let go he turned to
face me with a look of shock and surprise, but mostly of joy.  I
couldn't believe that look was for me, but it was!  

He stood up and we held each other for quite a while, just
reveling in the fact that we were finally together.  When we
surfaced enough to realize where we were we logged out, grabbed
our stuff and headed back to his room...hand in hand.  

Almost before the door closed behind us we were in each other's
arms again, this time thinking of what was to come.  He lifted my
chin and leaned over to kiss me.  Slowly he explored my lips with
his.  Then he parted my lips in order to explore my mouth with
his tongue.  I was glad for the support of his arms; I don't
think I could have stood without it.  We continued this slow,
sensual exploration until we were both gasping for air.  As we
pulled apart he moaned, "Debbie, what you do to me!"  I just
smiled, knowing the reaction was mutual.

Matt took my hand and placed it where I could feel the proof of
his arousal.  As my right hand explored this "evidence," my left
wandered to his chest.  Watching his face the entire time, I ran
my nails lightly over his nipple.  His reaction was more than I
could have hoped for.  Eyes closed, head tipped back, he didn't
say anything as I brought the other hand up and started
unbuttoning his shirt.  When I was finished I pushed it aside and
placed both hands on his chest.  Slowly I ran my hands from his
shoulders to belt and back again, stopping along the way to tease
any sensitive areas I found.  Then I set my mouth to the same
task.  After licking and nibbling his chest for a while I
returned my mouth to his for another long exploratory kiss.  

As we kissed he slowly lowered me to the floor and then began
kissing my neck.  As he nibbled he worked at the buttons on my
4shirt, just as I'd done his.  He removed my blouse, but left my
lacy bra to cover my body.  His mouth never seemed to leave my
skin as he worked his way downward.  When he reached the edge of
my bra he seemed to ignore it and continued down as if it weren't
there.  He slowly licked and sucked at my nipples through the
silky fabric.  

Then he began to work his way further down my body. Upon reaching
the top of my jeans he ran his tongue back and forth along the
edge of the material.  He slowly undid the snap and zipper on
them and reached inside to tease the skin along my hip.  His hand
drifted in...to the inside of my thigh.  He smiled up at me as he
pulled my jeans down and off my legs.    

He kissed the inside of my knee, working his way slowly up the
inside of my thigh.  When he reached the meeting of my legs, he
reached out his tongue to taste my juices.  I gasped in pleasure. 
As he kissed and tasted and teased me I buried my hands in his
hair.  When he sucked gently I couldn't beleive the feeling.  I
wanted to give him the same pleasure.  

"Matt, please, I want to taste you."  He sat back on his heals
and I undid his jeans and eased them off his hips, but leaving
them on his body.  I teased him by kissing the outside of his hip
for a while before I slid his jeans the rest of the way off. 
Then I let my mouth wander inwards.  When I tasted him he moaned
slightly.  I took him in my mouth and sucked slightly.  I licked
and nibbled and sucked for a while until I couldn't wait any
longer.  

I moved up next to him and kissed him.  "I want you...now," I
told him.  He slowly moved over me.  "You sure?" he asked.  "Does
it feel like I'm ready?" I asked as I moved against him.  "No, it
feels like you're ready for me...very ready."  He gently eased
himself inside of me.  We both sighed in unison at the pleasure
in our joining.  Then he began to move inside of me and I cried
out his name.  He took long, slow strokes, filling me fully each
time.  I held him, trying to pull him closer.  Then he started
thrusting faster and deeper.  All of a sudden he shuddered inside
of me.  As I felt him come, I reached my own completion.  

We just held each other in the aftermath of our shared passion. 
"Oh, Debbie...that was incredible."  I smiled, "That it
definitely was.  And there'll be more just like it or better..." 

--
